BECAUSE I LOVE HIM
Christina OW
Sensual Romance



Because I Love Him
Copyright Christina OW February 2016
Published by Christina OW
Cover Picture by Jonathan Borba
All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.


Chapter One
Talia McKenna sat in the beautiful church listening to the choir sing the bridal march as she watched the bride sashay down the aisle to her waiting groom with grace befitting a princess. The beautiful voices echoed in the large hollow ceiling, bouncing off the walls, creating an angelic feeling inside the church. It hugged her, giving her comfort, and she sat there in complete awe, for a moment, forgetting why she was there in the first place. 
The architecture blew her away. The church looked historical, something from the seventeen hundreds and Talia was surprised there weren’t any tourists wandering into the church, taking pictures in complete wonder of the beautiful infrastructure. 
Of course getting by the heavy security would prove an issue. There was a wedding currently in progress and the bride would most definitely take offense to any interruption. Talia knew without a doubt the groom would. He was the type of person who didn’t appreciate interruptions, plans going off-course, duties not carried out to the letter. He was a stickler for order. Especially if those orders were coming from him. Good thing her lawyer had wrangled up an invitation. How? She didn’t know and she didn’t care. It served her purpose and that was good enough.
The large church was half filled with probably a thousand people. It was the ‘wedding of the century’ as publicized in the newspapers, with two of the most powerful Italian families uniting. But Talia was sure only half was family and the other business associates—past, present and future. She was sure anyone who was and wanted to be someone was here. Top of the pie kind of crowd. She snickered, a little bitter. Nothing worked better than a wedding celebration to further business aspirations. The only people missing were the press. 
The singing stopped when the bride reached her groom. Her father handed her to the man she was to pledge her loyalty and love to, shaking the groom’s hand before he gave his daughter a kiss on the cheek and took his seat. 
Bile rose to her throat. What a touching scene.
 She never thought she would ever make it here. Never thought her resolve would hold this strong—until this moment. She had made it, and was determined to carry her plan through to the end.
She’d been so afraid to come to Italy alone. Her best friend Carrie had offered to come with her, to keep her company and offer moral support but she turned her down. She didn’t need anyone second guessing her decision, telling her what to do or think or offering their own opinions to what she was about to do.
It was her heart that was broken. She was the one who was betrayed and humiliated. Her life was the one that had changed drastically and she was the one stuck with more responsibility than she could handle. 
Carrie and her mother had offered to help to get her life in order as much as they could, but Talia would only become a burden to them. Without a job, her depleted savings and non-existent medical insurance she was screwed. This was the only solution she had.
Her pride had kept her from doing this for five months. But when her doctor told her whatever drugs that bastard had given her might have adverse effects, she was left with no other choice but to follow him back to Italy. The tests were expensive and depending on the results, medical care was going to cost more than she could ever make within four months. Thanks to the asshole of the century, she’d been blacklisted from all the major companies in the United States with an international affairs office.
He’d done this to her. Turned her perfect life into hell, and as much as she wanted to peel his perfect olive skin off with a blunt potato peeler, she needed to put that aside for the sake of others. All she wanted from him was his money and her job back. That was retribution enough, for now.
Her mother accused her of still being in love with him, and that’s why she wouldn’t take his company to court for wrongful dismissal. She called Talia a fool, falling for a man she’d only known for a few weeks. But Talia knew there was more to her mother’s bitterness. If she only knew the truth, she would lose her mind. It had taken only a few moments to fall in love, a few weeks of denial and internal tag of war to sleep with him. Talia bit the inside of her lower lip. Her mother would be even more ashamed of her. She was better off not knowing the truth. 
Yes, she may still love Rafael DeLuca but that wasn’t the only emotion that influenced her decision. Betrayal and anger had been her best friends for the past five months, and they were much stronger than the love she felt for him. Her blood boiled with a rage so fierce, a drop of it would melt a hole through flesh. She was aching to pour a bucket of it over Rafe’s head.
“Miss McKenna, are you ready?” Mr. Garrison her lawyer asked, taking her hand in his and giving it an encouraging squeeze.
Am I ready? Talia asked herself as she stared at Rafe, standing up front, looking as breathtaking as the first moment she’d laid eyes on him. No. Not just like then. He was heartbreakingly more breathtaking now than he was then. 
Absence did make the heart grow fonder, she thought to herself with a self-deprecating twisted smile of her lips, you couldn’t be more pathetic Talia.
She remembered how she’d loved to comb her fingers through his thick raven hair when he laid his head on her chest after they’d made love. It was now shiny and held back in place with mousse. His raised arms as he lifted the veil away from the bride’s face, reminded her of how safe she had felt when he held her as she slept. Or when he lifted her like she weighed nothing to kiss her because she was too short—she was five-six, average height for a woman, to his six-three and he still called her short. She smiled bitterly at the memory. She was always so comfortable in those arms, her head resting on his thickly corded chest as he carried her. 
She remembered how gentle his lips had been, as well as his hands, and his body when they made love for the first time. Yes, they had had sex before and she had been no virgin when she met him. But that moment, when they were finally sure of their feelings for each other after a long period of abstinence, that counted. Unlike the first time that was filled with uncertainty and fear that forced her to keep her emotions in check, there was freedom and added pleasure in the surety of his love for her. Her skin tingled, as if it also remembered how he’d held her after, speaking words of love in Italian. She loved the weight of his body on hers as he moved inside her, his ragged breathes in her ear, and how his muscled arms tightened around her like a vise when he came. To know that she brought him satisfaction in all her inexperience gave her ego a boost. She remembered she thought that moment was the beginning of something incredible. Believed they were in love and their love making marked the beginning of a happy long life together. She’d been happy that she’d finally found ‘the one’, her lifelong partner. 
Well, by what she saw before her, Rafe was in love, just not with her.
The one, how stupid could she have been.
Talia chuckled bitterly to herself as she shook her head. Her mother always said she lived in a fairytale. She remembered how she’d defended Rafe, saying that he was nothing like her own father. Her mother had told her the day would come when Talia would wake up from her fantasy. She did promise not to say ‘I told you so’, aloud at least.
When Talia had woken up at the hospital, sick to her stomach and scared out of her mind, her mind, her heart, her eyes automatically searching for Rafe. The first thing she saw was her mother and the look in her eyes. She was saying it—I told you so—with her eyes. Talia turned away, curled up in a fetal position and cried for her fantasy.
Now, as she sat there in the pew watching the wedding ceremony, she wondered if she was ready to return the favor.
Am I ready to ruin your life like you ruined mine, Rafe? 
The vicious bitch in her took out her compact, rubbed a new layer of blood red lipstick on her lips, checked her mascara, dubbed powder on her cheekbones and patted her hair down. Preened she stood up, ready and eager to return the favor.
“È chiunque che obietta a questa unione là?” The priest’s question was followed by complete graveyard silence. 
Is there anyone who object’s to this union? The words echoed in her head as much as they echoed in the church, the tempo of her heart kicking up anxiously.
Mr. Garrison squeezed her hand again and looked at her with questioning eyes.
Talia nodded, giving him the go ahead to bring Rafe’s world crashing down around his ears.
Mr. Garrison stood up and moved out of the pew to step on the wide aisle and announced loudly, “Noi facciamo, we do!”
Loud whispers filled the church as the entire congregation turned around to look at them. Talia’s heart beat harder in her chest. She took two deep calming breaths and pushed herself up, her fist pressed to her lower back for support. She moved to stand beside Mr. Garrison, her hand unconsciously rubbing her protruding belly.
She looked straight into Rafe’s eyes, a smile playing on her lips at the shock written all over his face. 
“Ciao, Rafe. I bet you didn’t think you’d be seeing me anytime soon, especially not at your wedding.”
* * * *
Rafe wasn’t sure exactly how long he stood there, looking at Talia. He’d tuned out the yelling and commotion brought on by the surprise interruption. He didn’t give a single glace to Gabriella as she insistently tugged on his jacket sleeve trying to get his attention, and just stared at his object of torment for the last five months with fleeting joy. He’d woken up every morning since that fateful day wet with more than just sweat, remembering how her small, voluptuous, naked body felt bucking under his as he rode them both to ecstasy, which usually left him feeling like he was in a drug induced haze. But waking up alone with nothing but her memory left him feeling frustrated and incomplete. Her betrayal had broken him and as the memory of the last time he’d seen her played in his mind, his rage grew.
Inferno! His fisted hands shook at his sides as he charged down the aisle towards her. 
“What the hell do you want here, Talia?” he bellowed, bringing an uncomfortable silence into the building.
He watched as her hands moved to bracket her belly, one above and one below and his steps faltered. 
“What the hell?” His eyes shifted between her protruding belly and her face.
“We have a few things to discuss, Rafe,” she answered, the smug smile still on her face.
Rafe shook his head. Quello che l'inferno! She can’t possibly mean to pin her pregnancy on me? 
He had to give it to her. It was quite a statement to wait till his wedding day to pull such a stunt in front of a thousand people. Theatrical, something to credit herself with, along with the other acts she’d pulled in his life. How had he missed seeing her seated at the back of the church?
 It didn’t matter. He wasn’t playing any role in this scene.
 Rafe laughed, though the need to inflict pain filled every inch of his body. He turned around to head back to his bride. “Take a seat, Talia, and enjoy the wedding.”
“Signore DeLuca, there will be no wedding today or any other day until this issue has been resolved.”
Rafe stopped and turned to the small man standing next to Talia. He approached him slowly, loving the way he shifted from one foot to the other nervously before he stilled, his face hardening. Rafe’s brow rose at the challenge. 
He moved forward until there was only half a foot that separated them and looked down at the man who was probably a foot shorter than he was. 
“Pardon, forgive me, I didn’t catch what you said,” Rafe repeated in a low deadly voice. “Would you please repeat that?”
The man took a step back and held out a paper to him. “This is an injunction, stopping this wedding until your responsibilities and all of Miss McKenna’s demands are met.”
Rafe snatched the document from him and read through it. He clenched his jaw and yelled over his shoulder, “Angelo!” Then he held the document out for his lawyer, who was also his cousin, when he heard his fast approaching footsteps, and stared at Talia.
He saw her flinch under his gaze before she straightened her shoulders and returned his hard gaze. He scoffed, breaking their dueling stare and looked her over. She was thinner than the last time he saw her, which shouldn’t be possible considering how very pregnant she was. Despite being very well dressed to ruin his life further, her dark skin looked pale and her face showed her exhaustion. 
She should be sitting down.
“Rafe…” Angelo called, tapping him on the shoulder to gain his attention.
“What?” he barked without looking away from Talia. She was beautiful. Despite everything she’d done to him, he still found her beautiful. And judging by how heated his body grew he still desired her, he wanted her like he wanted his next breath.  
He’d always had a difficult time concentrating on anything else when she was in the room. Her beautiful angelic face and all those sexy curves proved to be unignorably distracting. Right now he couldn’t see them because of her large belly but he stared at her face. It was dim, lacking its normally ever present radiance. 
“This is legitimate. You can’t marry Gabriella without settling matters with Signorina McKenna.”
Talia’s smile broadened, but she said nothing.
Rafe cursed under his breath and turned to Angelo. “You can’t be serious.”
“I am. Maybe if you both go to the priest’s office and discuss this, the wedding may resume, si?”
Clenching and unclenching his fists Rafe growled, “Fine.”
He walked away, assuming the two intruders would follow. He wanted to be done with them and continue with his life before Talia derailed it. Before he’d run off to Boston to seek refuge from his collapsing mental health. Angelo thought it would be a good idea for him to get away when he began to have second thoughts about marrying Gabriella, and especially after that incident had happened. When he’d had his first panic attack. Cold feet, his mother had called it, but Rafe knew differently. 
He’d fallen out of lust with Gabriella and worse, he was suffering from an anxiety and panic disorder that only got worse when he began worrying about what it would mean for his father’s plans if their engagement was broken. The merger between the two family’s companies would also not take place. His feelings for Gabriella or lack thereof was confirmed when he met Talia. Rafe was then more certain than ever, that he was not willing to keep living his life for anyone else but himself. 
Talia McKenna was the international affairs officer for DeLuca International, and his assistant for the duration of his visit. Her smile when she’d introduced herself wiped his mind of all his worries, and he fell for her, hard and fast. There was a certain calmness she brought into his erratic mind, giving him the quiet peace he had spent months looking for. She had been his safe haven from everything he’d run away from. He’d wanted her, and despite all the road blocks she’d thrown his way, he’d finally claimed her. They had been set to spend their lives together… if only…
Rafe had always thought himself a good judge of character, but Talia… 
Merda! He cursed under his breath, pushing the office door open so forcefully that it banged against the wall.
He turned around to find himself alone in the office but for just a few minutes. Talia walked—more like waddled—in followed by the man who brought her. He led her to a chair and helped her sit down before he turned to the door.
Rafe noticed the relief on Talia’s face when she sat down, before she winced, her hand moving to her back. 
“What do you want?” he barked, startling her.
“I think it’s best to wait for your lawyer,” the man commented, moving to stand behind Talia.
“I’m here,” Angelo spoke closing the door.
“Wonderful,” Rafe commented dryly as he perched himself on the desk, then he leaned down until his face was inches away from Talia’s. He had an incredulous desire to kiss her lush lips but he held back and whispered, “What do you want, Talia?”
He watched as the tip of her tongue darted out to slide between her lips. His fingers tightened on the edge of the desk to keep himself from reaching for the back of her neck and pulling her forward so she could run that tongue over his lips. 
He immediately knew she had the same thought when her eyes darted to his lips and she visibly swallowed.
But then she leaned back and spoke, “What you accused me of when I called you after that day…your money.”
Rafe sat up and barked out a laugh. “Not on your life!”
Talia shrugged a shoulder nonchalantly and shifted her gaze to her hands on her belly.
Rafe turned to the man behind her. “Who the hell are you?”
The man blinked a few times. “Garrison, Miss McKenna’s lawyer, and you don’t have to be so abrasive.”
“When I want lessons in etiquette I’ll hire a professional,” Rafe retorted.
The man, Garrison, stood straighter. “Let’s just get down to business, shall we?” 
He placed his briefcase on the desk and opened it, pulling out several more papers and handing them to Angelo. 
“As my client said, we are after your money, just for medical bills and child support. Nothing more. And of course her job back at your U.S. office.”
Rafe scoffed, moving around the desk to sit in the priest’s leather cushioned seat. Seeing how uncomfortable Talia was on the wooden one, he knew he should offer her the comfortable one, but, he wasn’t feeling very charitable at the moment.
“What proof is there that Signore DeLuca is responsible for the pregnancy?” Angelo asked. 
“He’s the only one I was intimate with,” Talia commented shyly, keeping her gaze away from Rafe.
That riled him. Merde! It stirred hot raging lava in the pit of his stomach. “Look at me when you say that.”
Talia turned to him, the softness in her eyes disappearing. “You were the only one I was having sex with.”
Rafe chuckled bitterly, swiveling the seat from side to side. “Now, we both know that isn’t true.”
Her gaze hardened. “Don’t be a bastard, Rafe!”
“I know who and where my father is, where is yours?” He saw the hurt in her eyes and cursed himself for it. It was a low blow and he knew it. “That is not my kid, and you’re not going to pin it on me.”
“Yes, you aren’t the first man I’ve slept with but you were the only one I was with when we were together!” she yelled.
Rafe punched both his fists on the top of the desk, pushing the seat back so hard as he stood, it hit against the wall and bounced back barely touching his knees when it came to a stop. 
“What about my brother, Renaldo, or his friend Alex? Are you saying you didn’t sleep with them too?”
Talia’s brow furrowed in what he could see as confusion. “What are you talking about? I never slept with your brother or his friend!”
He punched the desk harder, his entire body trembling with rage. “Don’t lie to me! That last night you fucked my brother!”
She shook her head, an overflow of tears in filling her eyes, a look of horrific dismay commanding her face. “I would never do that to you, Rafe. I loved you too much to do that to you. But you betrayed me.” She quickly wiped away stray tears. “I loved you and you betrayed me. You drugged me without even caring about the effects it would have on me or my pregnancy!”
Rafe was done with the lies and accusations. How could she deny that he caught her in bed with his own brother? His brother! 
“Were you trying to induce a miscarriage, Rafe? I tell you I’m pregnant and you drug me and leave me all alone.” She slapped her hand over her mouth to keep the sobs in, tears running unchecked down her cheeks. His chest tightened as he watched her.
Rafe didn’t understand it. He knew Talia couldn’t lie to save her life, but the performance she was putting on at the moment deserved an award. And when exactly had she told him she was pregnant? That wasn’t something he would just forget. 
There was only one way to solve this.
“Angelo, ask Renaldo to come in here.”
“Can’t, he left.”
Rafe turned to him. “What?”
Angelo shrugged, shaking his head. “Your brother left the moment you two walked in here.”
“And Alex?”
Angelo shook his head darting a look at Talia and her lawyer. “Snuck out before the ceremony was interrupted.”
“I wonder why.” The accusatory words were whispered so softly he was sure she hadn’t meant for him to hear.
But at that moment, his thoughts were far from Talia. Something wasn’t right with this whole picture and he was sure his brother was the man to ask.
“Angelo, see to her short term needs, while I take care of something. And dismiss everyone one. It seems I won’t be getting married today.” he said then left ignoring Talia, not even sparing her a glance.
* * * *
Talia curled up on the couch at Rafe’s city condo, right in the heart of Rome. She knew she was being difficult demanding for it but, he’d told her once that the condo was one of his sanctuaries, and since she wasn’t feeling like puking up her guts in the perfect combination of morning sickness and see sickness, she chose stable ground. And the petty girl in her wanted to take it away from him. First, he’d moved himself into her apartment, then into her new home with false promises of a future. It was only fair. 
Thoughts of her Tudor home, felt like a thorn in her heart. She’d loved that house, no one knew that better than he did. She always felt safe in her home and he’d destroyed that by drugging her, leaving the main door wide open and her vulnerable to any psycho that might walk in off the street and do whatever they wished to her comatose body. 
If Carrie hadn’t come when she did…
A shiver of fear ran through her, just thinking of the ‘what ifs’. Her life and her babies’ lives… God she was grateful for her best friend.
After she woke up and the doctor told her about the drugs in her system and how close they’d come to destroying two lives, she’d called Rafe. He was already in Italy. He wanted nothing to do with a ‘lying gold digging whore’. 
Remembering that short conversation still made her heart ache, but at least she wasn’t crying anymore. She’d stopped crying when she found out about his upcoming nuptials and then she came up with this brilliant plan for retribution.
She looked around the space, filled with bold masculine colors, decor and furniture, and felt so alone. She moved to the floor to ceiling window that provided a fantastic view of Rome at night and thought, how many women has Rafe seduced here?
Talia laughed at herself. It was a stupid and very depressing thing to think about but she couldn’t help it. Even when he was insulting her just a few hours ago, after she’d interrupted his wedding, she still loved him.
Gosh was she pathetic!
She felt her throat burn and her vision blur. He was going to marry another woman. He’d been seconds away from committing his life to another woman. No, not another woman. His fiancé for years— I was the other woman. And now, I’m the pregnant, discarded mistress!
Too sad to be alone, Talia reached for the phone and dialed.
“Hello?”
She didn’t understand why, but the sound of Carrie’s voice made her cry, hard.
“Talia, is that you?”
Talia nodded—her crying made it impossible to speak.
“Oh, honey, it’s okay. Do you want me to come?”
Talia shook her head no.
“Honey, I can’t see you shake or nod your head. You’re going to have to stop crying and use your words. Do you want me to come?”
“No…yes!” She cried harder. “He was getting married today, Carrie. To a woman he’d been engaged to for years! I’m the other woman!”
“Shhh, it’s okay. Lucky for you I’m already at the airport. I know you wanted to do this on your own, but, Talia, you’re not on your own. I’m your best friend, and I’ll always stick by you.”
Talia nodded again, and Carrie laughed. “Speak up, Talia.”
Talia chuckled, wiping her face dry. “I’ll pick you up from the airport.”
“How? Do you have a car?”
She began shaking her head when she remembered Carrie couldn’t see her. “No. Rafe provided me with one for the time being. His lawyer said we’d talk on Monday. We’re taking the weekend to calm down before we discuss my demands.”
Her revelation was met by silence. For a moment, Talia thought Carrie had hang up until she spoke. “Wow! Okay, I’m about to board. Why don’t you go to sleep? I’ll see you in the morning.”
“Okay. Thanks, Carrie. I know I said I wanted to do this on my own but I really need you.”
“I know. Goodnight, sweetheart.”
“Goodnight.” 
Talia looked around the room again and sighed. She wasn’t sure if she should be touch anything in Rafe’s condo. Just thinking about sleeping in his bed gave her goose bumps.  
But when would she ever get a chance to feel him against her skin again or breathe in his scent without feeling guilty? For betraying herself for being so easily forgiving. Because if he were to knock on her door that very moment and beg for her forgiveness she would give it—with open arms. She was stupid that way. 
She sighed heavily. Her self-respect had moved out and wasn’t showing any signs of moving back in anytime soon.
When would she learn her mother’s one lesson? Loving a man made a woman weak!
Talia slowly stood up from where she sat by the window and made her way to the master bedroom. She stared at the king size bed for a long while before she climbed in. 
Just once, for just one night she wanted to dream about Rafe and the illusions she had about him before reality came crushing down on her.
She took a pillow and pressed it to her face, breathing in Rafe’s scent before she slowly slipped into sleep.
* * * *
Rafe forcefully tugged loose his bowtie as he stomped into his father’s mansion. He’d been a rare visitor for the past three months. Preferring to live in his condo, wallow in his sorrows, and pull himself together before his wedding day.
Today! And Talia had to ruin that, and now she’s in my condo sleeping in my bed!
He knew he should feel angry about that last part but he’d missed her. And as wrong as he knew it was to even think it, but once she’d left to go back to where she came from, he was going to sleep in that bed one last time and feel her against his skin, take in her scent, before he set the bed on fire.
She’s pregnant…merde! 
He felt his heart crush in his chest, and he had to stop walking to catch his breath. He never knew it would hurt so much to see her pregnant with another man’s child. 
That should be his baby, he should have been its father not god knows who! They should be at home, in the dream home he’d built for his family in the Italian country, sitting together on the couch. Or the master bedroom terrace of her home in the States, looking out at the beautiful view of green trees and rooftops, of the darkening sky meeting the dark blue ocean. He would have been rubbing her aching back, her swollen ankles as they fought about names and which sport their son should play…
That should have been my baby!
He swung his hand, sending a vase crushing to the ceramic floor.
“Rafael! What in the world are you doing?”
“Where is he?” he demanded of his mother, taking the steps three at a time to reach the first floor. His mother came chasing after him as he charged to his brother’s room. “Renaldo, come out here!”
“Rafael, it is not his fault that…that whore seduced him!”
Rafe felt the punch as if the insult had been directed at him. 
“Renaldo!” he yelled, pounding on his brother’s bedroom door. “Open this fucking door or I’ll break it down!”
“Rafael, stop! He’s not here!” his mother yelled, pulling at his arm.
He rounded on her, forcing her to take several steps back. “Dove è lui, where is he Mama? Tell me where that little brat is?”
Flustered his mother’s hand fluttered to her chest. “Rafael, per favore you are scaring me. Non capisco, I don’t understand all this rage towards your brother.”
“Lei non fa madre? Non?” He chuckled bitterly before he sneered, “He slept with my girlfriend! I loved Talia, she was the love of my life, my future and he ruined that. Everything I have he wants, then he ruins and I have to clean up his fucking mess!”
His mother went pale. “What are you saying? Are you saying that—”
“Si madre, the baby Talia carries may be his or his wretched friend’s…or mine.” He waved his hand dismissively. “That isn’t why I’m here. Something doesn’t add up in this entire affair and all I know for sure is that Renaldo is in the middle of it.”
His mother turned her back to him and Rafe knew an onslaught of emotional blackmail was about to be unleashed so he turned to leave, rushing down the steps only to be stopped by his father.
“Have you spoken to your fiancé?” he demanded, slowly moving towards Rafe like a cat stalking its prey. It was his way to intimidate him.
Rafe hadn’t been intimidated by his father since he got half a foot taller and bulkier than him. Not since he showed his father that he could hold his own in the business world, demanding his respect. Hell, Rafe didn’t need to stay at DeLuca but he did so out of respect and loyalty for the family legacy. The same respect he was showing his father by agreeing to carry on with the farce of a wedding even though he didn’t love Gabriella. The same he would show him that very moment by not demanding he left him the hell alone and tell him that his intimidation antics were better wasted on those who still quaked under them—like Renaldo.
The slivering coward! Renaldo thought he could run from Rafe, but not for long. He’d find his little brother and he’d get his answers even if he had to beat them out of him!
“Non. I will when I have everything sorted out.”
“Fix this, Rafael, because come hell or high water, you will be marrying Gabriella Rossi. So fix this before I do. Lei capisce?”
Oh, he understood all right! 
Rafe’s first instinct was to forbid his father from going anywhere near Talia, but he kept his mouth shut instead and quickly left the mansion. He got into his Ferrari and drove to his other condo, which happened to be below the one Talia occupied.
How was he going to stay sane knowing she slept right above him? Hell, it will have to be the couch for a while. 
Chapter Two
Talia stood by the arrival gates, impatiently waiting for Carrie to walk through. She hadn’t really known how much she’d needed Carrie around until she woke up that morning. Sleeping in Rafe’s condo, in his bed, shook her up more than she’d thought possible. She’d had the worst nightmare of her life.
Since that day, she’d been having nightmares, but not as bad. She’d convinced herself that the drug was doing a number on her psyche because she never could remember the nightmare. But last night…
She remembered the fear, fighting for what felt like her life. She remembered being on her back, looking up at someone holding her down but everything was hazy. Though she couldn’t remember the face of her assailant, she remembered the voices and one stood out. It was menacing, scary and promised such horror, she woke up in the middle of an asthma attack. 
It was a good thing she had a habit of sleeping with her inhaler under her pillow.
Talia remembered the first night she’d spent with Rafe in the new house. He saw her sneak it under her pillow and asked about it. It was the second time he’d asked, but unlike the first time, he wanted details. At first, she was anxious about telling him especially since she’d planned to make love with him that night. Getting excited with acute asthma could turn a wonderful day into a suffocating one, literally. It would be beyond embarrassing and she didn’t want to freak him out. 
But he took it well, his expression calm and reassuring as he nodded while she told him about all her triggers. She felt so embarrassed explaining why she might need it at that particular time but he didn’t say a word. In fact, his face was so impassive as he silently stared at her, she thought she’d have an attack just from the anxiety of waiting for him to say anything! He then he asked if she had another inhaler. When she asked why, he said just in case she ever forgot to carry one around, he’d have a spare on hand. And she’d fallen even deeper in love with him.
She smiled at the memory and only noticed Carrie standing before her when she rubbed her thumb across her cheek.
“I’d like to think those tears are happy tears because I’m here. It’s going to be okay, Talia.”
Talia threw her arms around her friend in a tight hug, which she returned.
“Oh, Carrie! The man I know and love…he wouldn’t do that to me. Drug me and leave me defenseless. That’s just not Rafe.”
“Still in denial?” she huffed. As irritating as her response was, Talia couldn’t fault her. Carrie pulled away to look at her. “Then who, Talia?”
She shook her head. “If only I could remember, it would make everything so much easier to deal with.”
Carrie sighed. “You mother is going to kill me if she finds out I suggested this but…why don’t you try and talk to Rafe about that day?”
Talia wiped her cheeks dry. “After I interrupted his royal wedding, I doubt he’ll agree to sit down and have a calm discussion.”
“Try.” Her voice brokering no argument.
Talia smiled. Why did she ever think she could do this without Carrie? 
“Thank you for being here.”
Carrie smiled sheepishly. “Well, I’m actually here for the employee exchange program, for six months. I didn’t want to tell you because of all that happened.”
How didn’t she know that? Had Carrie told her? Of course not. They’d all been wrapped up in Talia’s business it left no space for anyone else’s. She felt guilty about that. 
“That’s great! But when did you apply?”
She shrugged. “When you said you were in love with Rafe and you’d follow him anywhere. I figured anywhere would be Italy and I didn’t want to lose you so I applied. Rafe actually helped me.”
Talia nodded, feeling fresh tears burn the back of her eyes. “See what I mean? Why would he do that if he planned to abandon me?”
“Well, the only way you can solve this is by talking to him without the lawyers. But right now, I want to take a nap, and then we’ll explore Roma!” She tossed her head back and flounced away, her arms held away from her in a regal way. 
Talia laughed and followed her friend, dragging with her the heavy suitcase princess Carrie had left behind.
* * * *
Rafe slowly rose from the couch, the pounding in his head growing worse with each move he made. This was why he hated drinking—the morning after. He hated having a hangover. Good thing it was the weekend, and he didn’t have to go into work.
He moved to the bedroom to grab a shower, hoping that would at least help with the headache. He’d barely been in there a minute when he felt arms wrap around his waist, and breasts pressed against his back. 
His first thought was of Talia, but he knew better than that. He would have felt her pregnant belly at his back too, so who was this? And how did she get into his condo. No one else had a key except him and the cleaning service. It couldn’t possibly be his maid, she was old enough to be his mother.
When the hands began to creep down towards his crotch he grabbed them, jerking her around to stand before him.
“Gabriella? What are you doing here, and how did you get in?”
She shrugged, looking up at him below her lashes seductively as her hands roamed his chest. “Well, I thought we could still have our honeymoon even if our wedding was ruined.”
She began kissing up his chest, his neck, and then his lips. Most men would have been turned on by this but Rafe didn’t even feel the slightest twitch of erection coming on. Before the mental stress, even when his attraction to her had begun to fade he could still fuck her until they were both limp and exhausted but fully sated. But after being with Talia, he just couldn’t get it up with Gabriella. She’d shrugged her acceptance when he told her he wanted to wait to make their wedding night special. Gabriella wasn’t the glitters and rainbows kind of girl except if those glitters were diamonds and those rainbows were of the seven designer bags placed together. He’d had to quickly follow up with an abstinence agreement which she didn’t take very well. After what happened with Talia, his ego just wouldn’t allow it.
He and Gabriella knew exactly what they were getting into with this marriage, it wasn’t a love match, so until they said ‘I do’, it had been an open relationship. Which, at the moment, he wished she had taken up again.
“Gabriella…” he began pulling her arms from around his neck.
“Please, Rafe. It’s been so long since you made love to me. And after how I was embarrassed, I need you to pay attention to me!”
Rafe bit down a groan. There was nothing he hated more than female whining. It was one of the reasons he fell for Talia. She never whined, she argued the merits of what she wanted. 
Talia... 
The thought of her name made him harden and Gabriella giggled.
“Amore, I knew you would not disappoint me.” She slapped her lips against his, hoisted herself up and wrapped her legs around his waist.
Rafe wanted to pull her off, but wasn’t this what he was signing up for? This was what he was going to do today and for an entire two weeks in Paris if his wedding hadn’t been interrupted.
Talia…
His erection raged and he unconsciously pushed Gabriella against the shower wall. She sighed and bucked against him.
He was a man, fucking was a no brainer. 
But her lips were too thin, not as lush as Talia’s. His hands on her hips, he felt how narrow they were, lacking Talia’s curves. The breasts pressed against his chest were too small and pink unlike Talia’s. Her breasts fit his wide hands perfectly, spilling over a little. He loved sucking on those chocolate colored nipples as she bucked and shrieked under him.
Inferno! Gabriella even sounded wrong when she moaned her desire. But she was here. 
Thinking of Talia had him so hard there was no way he could send Gabriella away. But he couldn’t look at her, kiss her, knowing she wasn’t Talia.
Why the hell he was still faithful to that cheating bitch was a wonder to him, but now wasn’t the time to think about that. He needed to expel his frustrations and Gabriella was here to be used to his pleasure.
Rafe used one hand to tilt Gabriella’s hips into position and with the other he cupped her chin and turned her head away from him. He kept their bodies separated except for the one part he intended to use before he turned his head the other direction, keeping his mind filled with Talia’s image when she was nearing her orgasm. He drew his hips back then slammed into Gabriella making her scream. He held her mouth shut with his fingers. He didn’t want her voice marring his fantasies.
 He knew he should wait for her to get used to the forceful invasion but he didn’t. He pounded into her at a fast pace, going deeper and harder with each stroke. Gabriella held onto his arms, trying to pull him closer but he held her back, riding her with even more intensity. 
It was Talia he had pressed against the shower wall. It was Talia who bucked against him wanting to get closer to him and the only reason he kept their bodies separate was because he wanted to drive her crazy with need. It was Talia who made the muffled noises of pleasure, and in his mind, he could hear her clearly cry out and moan his name as he pounded into her like a man starved. It was Talia’s legs that tightened around his waist as she began to shake from the onset of her orgasm. In his mind he could feel her hands grabbing at him, her finger nails digging into his flesh and drawing blood. He could feel her breath on his neck blowing hot puffs of air with each deep stroke inside her. He could feel her lush lips crush against his as he ravaged her mouth, sucking on her lower lip as her mouth fell open to allow her scream of release. It was Talia’s body that tightened around him like a clenching fist when she came, and Rafe kept pounding harder, drawing out her orgasm and deepening his own pleasure. 
But when he felt his balls tighten, he came back to reality and he quickly drew out of Gabriella, just in time to shoot his cum on the wall. He quickly lowered her to the ground and moved to stand directly under the shower sprays fighting to catch his breath as he waited.
There was nothing. That feeling that always came after completion in Talia’s arms, being inside of her was absent. Because as much as he fantasized, it hadn’t been Talia but Gabriella he’d just fucked and not made love to. In fact, he felt guilty. Talia was right above him, and he’d just had sex with Gabriella.
Rafe chuckled shaking his head. I feel guilty for having sex with my fiancé behind my cheating ex-girlfriend’s back. “This is rich!”
“Amore, that was perfect. I want to do it again,” Gabriella purred in Rafe’s ear, making him cringe.
Fiancé or not, there was no way that was being repeated with Talia so close by. 
He turned off the shower and stepped out, grabbing a towel as he left the bathroom. “Non, Gabriella.”
 “Perché non why not?” she whined behind him. “It was perfecto, better than all the other times we’ve made love. I know you want me, so why not?”
Better because I was thinking of Talia while I was inside you. And no, it’s not you I want.  
If he dared say those words out loud, the shriek she would let loose would deafen him. Then his father would be banging down the door… no, he didn’t want any of that at the moment. Just the thought worsened the pounding in his temples. He needed an aspirin.
When they reached his room, Rafe saw her clothes laid out on his bed. The sooner she got them on, the sooner she could leave. 
“I don’t want distractions when I’m trying to resolve yesterday’s fiasco.”
She pouted, crossing her arms under her breasts. Too small, too white, too pink, he thought.
“If you hadn’t taken a mistress then we would have been in Paris right now!”
Rafe clenched his jaw begging for patience. “She was not my mistress.” She was the love of my life, she still is, he confessed to himself.
“So her bambino is not yours?” Before he could answer she waved him silent. “It doesn’t matter. If the bambino is yours, we will simply take it and raise it as ours.”
Rafe heard the words, but the look in her eyes told him she had no intention of raising his bastard son. Gabriella would probably pass him off to a nanny, and tolerate his existence until he was old enough to be shipped off to a boarding school a continent away. 
That wouldn’t sit well with Rafe. It made him think of his own children with her. 
“Gabriella, do you wish for us to have children?”
She scrunched up her face with disgust and he got his answer, though she went ahead and answered, “Maybe two, a boy and a girl unless our first child is a boy. For our parents’ sakes.” She rolled her eyes. “Madre would nag me forever if I say no. I know you don’t want children either.”
He narrowed his eyes. “What gave you that impression?”
She stared up at him as if he’d lost his mind. She turned to the bed, picked up her underwear, and began pulling them on. “You didn’t come inside me. If you did want rug-rats running around your legs shouting their little heads off you would have, no? Your padre said getting pregnant now is a good idea.”
“Mia padre!” Rafe hissed and his anger was lost to Gabriella as she continued to dress, her back to him.
“Who do you think gave me the key?” Once done, she approached him. Standing on her toes, she kissed him on the lips. “Rafe, you were magnifico as always. I hope we do that again and soon, but I would like to go to Paris. No need to waste a perfect vacation, no?”
Rafe nodded happy to be rid of her. “Have fun.”
 She blew him a kiss as she walked away and Rafe rolled his eyes at her back, though relieved to see it. He then reached for the phone and called the building manager, and demanded a locksmith change the locks on the doors. The next thing he needed to do was find out how his father got a copy of his condo keys. 
* * * *
Talia turned to the sounds of Carrie’s loud giggles. “What’s so funny, and what took you so long in the bathroom?”
She blew out a breath and fanned her face. “If I was white, my face would be red right now, from both envy and arousal.”
Talia chuckled. The two of them made such a pair. A wanton and a prude, best of friends for the last seven years. They had been roommates once upon a time, and more often than not, Talia had to nap with a pillow over her head on the couch while Carrie entertained. Then after, she would have her date of the night carry Talia back to the room to her bed. The first time Talia woke up in her bed with no recollection of how she got there, Carrie told her. So before she napped on the couch, she would always change into her pajamas completely prepared for bed.
“What is it?”
Carrie fell onto the couch and Talia had to draw her knees up as far as her belly would allow to avoid being sat on.
“Did you know sound travels through these floors?” she asked with a wistful sigh and a Cheshire cat smile.
Talia shook her head. “No, I did not, but I am sure you are about to tell me all about it.”
“Do you think the guy downstairs is single? I hope so, because I just heard a woman come so loud I almost lost it myself!”
Talia scrunched up her face. “Eww, Carrie! This whole time you were listening to them have sex?”
She sighed wistfully again. “That wasn’t sex Talia. That was—I wouldn’t be surprised if she was lying dead in the shower from blissful pleasure.”
Talia tossed her head back and laughed. “Oh, Carrie!”
“I need to find myself an Italian boyfriend. Is it really that earth shattering?”
Talia sobered at her question. She remembered how close to a heavenly death she’d felt after each encounter with Rafe. He made her body bend in ways she never thought possible. She discovered muscles she never knew she had. But the best part was he confirmed her theory. You can never just make love to the body but also to the soul.
He touched her soul each time he made love to her and she reveled in each experience. As he held her tightly in his arms and whispered Italian words of love in her ear, against her lips and everywhere else his lips touched.
“Yes, Carrie. But earth shattering doesn’t even begin to describe it,” Talia whispered, her heart breaking all over again.
 “Oh, Talia—” Before she could say anything else, the door swung open and a woman stood at the doorway.
Her hair was wet and her cheeks were flushed. It only took a moment for Talia to recognize her.
“Gabriella, what are you doing here?”
Gabriella smiled condescendingly at her. “Ah, so the prostituta knows my name?”
Carrie leaped off the couch, ready to defend her. “Hey!”
Talia grabbed her hand. “It’s okay, Carrie,” and then she turned to Gabriella, “If you are looking for Rafe, he isn’t here.”
She threw her hand dismissively behind her back as she walked into the room. “I know. He lives in his other condo, right below this one.”
Carrie gasped and turned to look down at Talia. 
Talia was glad she was still sitting down. There was no way her legs would support her after that announcement. Her chest was tightening and she could already feel an attack coming on.  
 Gabriella’s smile grew into a sadistic grin. “Ah, so you heard my fiancé make crazy love to me? He is very talented is he not? I can still feel his large dick inside me giving me pleasure, magnifico,” she said with a sigh. 
No, a purr like a gratified cat with sharp claws scratching Talia’s heart like it would a bed post. 
Talia pulled air into her lungs with a wheeze.
“Okay, you said what you came to say now leave!” Carrie demanded, stepping in front of Talia to hide her from Gabriella’s sight. Talia was grateful. She’d hate to show Gabriella how much she’d affected her.
“Just one more thing. You can try to seduce him. I do not care if he takes you to bed or not. But I do promise you, if you insist on pushing your bastard on Rafael, once it’s born, I will make sure you never see it again. Arrivederci, Talia.” 
Talia’s chest grew heavier and breathing became impossible. On top of losing Rafe to that witch, she could also lose her baby? No!
“Breathe, Talia, one breath at a time!” Carrie’s yell was accompanied by the opening and slamming of doors and drawers. “Damn it! Where the hell is your inhaler?”
Talia wanted to tell her that it was under her pillow but she couldn’t breathe. Her vision was already filling with black spots and her chest hurt. Oh God, my babies!
Tears ran down her cheeks as her wheezing got heavier and louder. She pushed herself onto the floor and crawled to her purse that was sitting against the seat on the opposite side of the room.
“Your purse! Of course your purse!” Carrie exclaimed with a little relief as she rushed for it, dropping to her knees and rummaging through her purse. She then suddenly turned it upside down and poured everything in it onto the floor, “No, no, no, no! It’s not here, Talia, and the other is not under your pillow! Oh God, what do I do!”
Talia sunk to the ground on her side one hand weakly cradling her belly, her body exhausted from the lack of oxygen. 
“Ra…fe!” she managed between whizzes.
“Rafe? Oh yeah, he carries an inhaler around for emergencies. But what if he threw it away?”
Talia could hardly hear Carrie’s frightened rambling but she distinctly heard the door open and close. She fought not to pass out as she prayed for Rafe to still have her inhaler.
The door opened again and she felt a hand dig under her then easily pull her up into a sitting position. Her back leaned against something hard and her head was tilted right back by a large hand. Then she felt something being pushed between her lips before the bitterness flooded her mouth. There were two more puffs and tears flooded her eyes, spilling out to run down her temples. She had never been so relieved in her life.
Carrie was on the floor in front of her, tears running unchecked down her cheeks, her hands clasping Talia’s legs tight. Poor Carrie. Seeing Talia like this always scared her and Talia always tried to avoid it. Her poor friend. 
It only took a few seconds before she could easily draw in a breath between harsh wheezes. Rafe soothed her, whispering reassuring words in her ear. After a few more seconds, she could feel the numbness in her limbs fade and that’s when she felt Rafe’s hand clasped tightly around her own. She knew in a few seconds she would feel the pain from the tight grip, but she didn’t care. He was here and he still had her inhaler. That meant something, though she wasn’t sure what.
The wheezing stopped and she drew in deeper breaths. Rafe released her chin and his hand fell to lie on her belly. That made her want to cry again and that would only bring on another attack. She fought to control her emotions while pacing her breathing as she watched his hand on her belly.
His actions confused her even more. How was it possible the man who’d just saved her was the same one who hurt her? It didn’t make sense.
* * * *
Rafe sat in his office looking out his floor to ceiling window, still frazzled by what happened two days ago. He knew Talia had asthma but he’d never been a witness to it. When Carrie pounded on his door yelling for an inhaler, his blood went cold. 
He was glad he’d hung onto that inhaler. He’d kept it as a memento for the four months of his life he was the happiest. When they had been dating, he’d asked for one to hold onto just in case they were out together and she’d forgotten hers when the attack hit. And even when he was asking for it, he prayed he would never need it.   
He’d run out his condo and up the steps to hers without checking if Carrie was behind him. He’d been prepared to break the door down if he had to, but he found it open. Before he even stepped in, he could hear the wheezing and it was growing shallow. He actually froze, seeing her on the floor, lying on her side, before he snapped out of it and rushed to her.
He’d never been so scared in his life, seeing her lying there, struggling to breath. He’d picked her up, leaned her against his chest and pushed her chin up to clear her airway like they’d practiced. Then he’d administered three doses and massaged her throat with downward strokes as he spoke to her calmly. He was telling her not to be afraid, that everything would be all right when he didn’t feel those sentiments.
She almost died. A cold shiver rushed through him.
Hearing her breathing get under control—there are no words to describe the happiness and relief he felt at that moment. Carrie collapsed to her knees crying with relief. But when Talia squeezed his hand, a tear escaped him, and he finally began to breathe. He hadn’t even realized he’d been caressing her belly.
Rafe looked down at his shaking hand. The one that felt the baby’s kick, and he was relieved all over again. He couldn’t imagine the fear Talia went through. It wasn’t just her life, but the baby’s life he was scared for. 
They sat there on the floor, listening to Talia breathing for close to half an hour before he got the sense to call a doctor. He called the family doctor who came to find them still on the floor. He checked Talia and recommended rest and an OBGYN. 
Today’s her appointment, Rafe thought as he rubbed his hands over his face. He hoped the baby was all right.  
Dios! He never wanted to feel that scared in his life again.
It made him angry that Gabriella had caused it. Rafe had changed those locks, too, that same day.
After he’d put Talia to bed, they searched for the inhalers. They found one hidden in her twisted sheets on the bed and the other in the car he hired for her. He left that one in the car and asked the doctor to prescribe three more inhalers.
Christo! He never wanted to go through that again.
“Rafe, Rafe, wake up!” 
Rafe was startled out of his daze by the yell and he quickly turned his chair around. Angelo was seated on the other side of his desk, with an inquisitive look on his face.
“I thought you’d fallen asleep, which is not like you. Come sta cugino, how are you cousin?”
“Why do you ask?” His own voice sounded foreign to him.
“Your hand is shaking.”
Rafe followed Angelo’s pointed gaze to his hand on the desk. His hand was truly shaking. Rafe quickly fisted it and brought it down to his lap.
Angelo leaned forward, his face etched with worry. “Cousin, what’s wrong?”
Rafe thought to tell him to mind his own business, but out of their entire screwed up family, the only person he was ever able to depend on was Angelo. It was the same reason Angelo was his personal lawyer, he trusted his cousin. Rafe debated the merits of sharing his feelings with his cousin for a while before he decided for it. He needed an objective ear and short of going to see a psychiatrist, Angelo was the best option.
“Talia had an asthma attack yesterday.”
Angelo whistled, leaning back against his seat. “That’s tough, man. Isn’t that condition even more dangerous for pregnant women?”
Rafe knew exactly how dangerous it was for acute asthmatics to carry a pregnancy to full term. He’d done some research on it the night before when he couldn’t sleep. He’d taken the couch at the condo Talia occupied just in case she had another attack. It was clear Carrie wasn’t comfortable with that arrangement, but the day’s events had called for a temporary truce.
“Si, for some pregnant women they get better, others there is no change, but for the unlucky few, the asthma gets worse.”
“And Talia, where does she stand?”
Rafe rubbed his hand over his face and sighed. “From what I witnessed last night, probably with the unlucky few.”
Angelo’s brow rose. “Then shouldn’t she be resting and not waiting in the conference room?”
“What!” Rafe bellowed, pushing off his seat and charging out of his office.
You’d think the woman would have more sense, he thought when he saw her through the window. She looked pasty, completely exhausted, and her eyelids drooped like she was about to fall asleep. Why did she have to be so damn stubborn!
He pushed the door open and yelled, “What the hell are you doing here!”
He regretted that when she jumped, her eyes flying wide open and she pressed a hand to her chest.
Carrie, who was sitting next to her stood up. “I asked her the same thing. She should be at home resting and not falling asleep on the table.”
“I’m fine,” she mumbled, looking up at him. 
Rafe couldn’t stand how weak she looked, how weak she sounded. But Talia was anything if not determined. She’d proved that to him more than once. He admired her for it, but not at this moment.
He turned to Carrie. “Go back to work!” he ordered, not bothering to mask his annoyance. 
She looked at him like she was about to defy him but then decided against it. She squeezed Talia’s hand. “Call me if you need me.” Then sauntered past him to leave the room.
“You didn’t have to be rude about it,” Talia whispered.
Merda! He could hear her exhaustion in her voice.
“And you shouldn’t be taking risks you can’t afford. We’ll continue this debate when you are well enough. Go home, Talia.”
Talia sat upright, pushed her shoulders back, and tilted her chin up. “I’m well enough. Besides, we need to figure things out before my mother comes.”
Rafe chortled. The one time he’d met the woman she’d expressed her disdain towards him and her disapproval of their relationship very clearly. She hated him the moment she saw him, and Talia explained she was bitter over her father’s abandonment so she took it out on the rest of the male population. But Rafe always thought the instant hate was over the fact that her daughter had found happiness in the arms of a man and she was jealous. 
The last thing he needed was the bitter woman making matters worse. 
 “Inferno, isn’t Carrie enough backup? You’re bringing your mother to live off me too?” 
Mr. Garrison cleared his throat, alerting Rafe of his presence in the room. Rafe hadn’t even noticed the small man.
“My client would like to apply for a job. She’ll support her own needs and those of her mother’s with it.”
Rafe shook her head. “Go back home, Talia, to Boston. I’ll write you a check of however much you want if you promise to go back home in the next few days.”
Talia’s shoulders slumped and a pained expression crossed her face for just a moment before it disappeared. “I can’t do that.”
Rafe groaned. “Why the hell not!”
“The doctor advised against it. I need to avoid my triggers, avoid flying, and maintain a healthy environment if I’m to avoid going into early labor.”
Rafe sighed, frustrated, dropping into the seat across from her. “And you think bringing your mother here on top of working is the best environment?”
“What other option do I have?” 
She sounded so defeated that Rafe felt like an ass putting her through all this. But none of this was his doing. For hell’s sake she brought it all on herself.
 So why am I speaking these words… “What do you want from me?”
“Very well, I think I’ll take it from here,” Mr. Garrison spoke, pushing two folders across the table to him and Angelo. “In those folders I’ve listed the damages and the compensation we are after. For the section under medical care, we’ll be including the bill for today’s doctor’s visit.”
Rafe just watched Talia as her lawyer blabbered away. She rested her head back with her eyes closed as her hands caressed her large belly. He found himself wanting to touch her belly again, hoping that she was suing him for child support because the baby was truly his and not some scheme to get money out of him. 
How could he be so wrong about her?
“Scusi, this section accusing Rafe of drugging her, what proof do you have?” 
“Come?” Rafe exclaimed, grabbing the opened folder from Angelo’s hand. He read and reread that part, and he still couldn’t believe it. He pushed the folder back to Angelo and turned on Talia. “Why the hell would I drug you?”
Talia opened her eyes and stared at him, her eyes brimming with tears. “I’ve been wondering the same thing. They told me—”
“What do you mean they told you?” Rafe demanded. 
Angelo placed a hand over his clenched fist and shook his head. “Give her time to answer.”
* * * *
Talia watched as Rafe pulled his fist away and crossed his arms over his chest in silence. She took that as her cue to speak. She took a deep breath before she began, hoping she wouldn’t bawl her eyes out as she spoke. She already had so much going against her with her pregnancy, she couldn’t add her unstable emotions to the mix.
 She’d cried when the doctor had told her she was at risk of pre-eclampsia, and the babies’ premature birth and low birth weight. He’d put her on complete bed rest and advised to have the tests ordered by her OBGYN in Boston done so that they would be prepared for any complications. She’d wanted to go back home then but the doctor had told her there was no way he would allow that.
She was stuck in Italy, and the quick getaway she’d planned once everything had been resolved was foiled. She was at Rafe’s mercy, and she hoped he wouldn’t make her regret her decision for retribution.
“When I woke up in the hospital the day after it happened, the doctors told me I had been drugged. They found a mix of Rohypnol and other recreational drugs in my system.” Her breath hitched, and she quickly wiped away the tears running down her cheeks. “Besides the normal effects on me, I don’t know what kind of damage they’ve done to my pregnancy. I need to have tests done and those tests cost money.”
Rafe just stared at her, his face completely expressionless. She’d never seen this cold side of him before and it frightened her. Where was that loving man she knew? Had he been a figment of her imagination? Was this the real Rafael DeLuca?
“This is where I come in,” he commented dryly.
Talia nodded, her stomach in knots. “Yes. I need your money to carry out the tests.”
“If I’m not wrong, Rohypnol messes with short term memory,” Angelo spoke, and Talia knew she was in trouble. If she said yes, there was a great chance she would be walking out of here empty handed.
“So?” she asked defensively.
“So, there is no way you would know who drugged you.”
Talia felt her anger rise. “I wasn’t drugged in a bar. I was drugged in my own home.” She stared pointedly at Rafe, “The home we live in together. No one else but you and I have keys to.” 
Something shifted in his eyes and Talia immediately looked down at her worrying fingers on her belly. 
He doesn’t believe me,  she thought, a lump growing in her burning throat.
“Carrie found me on the floor wearing Rafe’s favorite lingerie.” She rasped.
“And that automatically points the finger at me?” Rafe chortled.
Talia felt her breath catch again and cursed at the onset of another attack. She sat up, fists on the table, closed her eyes, cleared her head and took several deep breathes to keep calm and regulate her breathing. Why does he have to be so cynical? 
“Christo! Why the hell are you here if you know you’ll get sick again?” His shaky words were accompanied by his fist banging against the table. It shook, but at least this time she didn’t jump.
She wanted to leave. She wanted to go home. She wanted to be anywhere else but there, at the receiving end of his accusations, anger and nasty attitude. If it were any other time, any other situation… if she was the old Talia, she would have flipped him the finger and sashayed out of there like a boss. But falling in love didn’t just make people venerable, it made the heart easy to bruise. This weak and scared person she’d suddenly become, she didn’t recognize her.
But love wasn’t what had done this to her. It was that night that she couldn’t remember, and everything that came after, especially Rafe’s betrayal. She’d reached her hand out to him in the worst moments of her life and he’d slapped it away, and now, it felt like he was taunting her.
Enough of that, she said to herself, it’s not just you anymore.
When Talia felt calm enough, she opened her eyes and looked directly at Rafe. “The last thing I remember was your call, telling me you were on your way.”
Rafe’s brow creased with confusion. “Talia, I made that call the night before, to your voice mail. I didn’t speak to you that entire day. All I did was drop in on you and saw you,” his jaw clenched, “I saw you with Renaldo.”
“Doing what?” She huffed throwing her hands up. “You keep accusing me of sleeping with your brother and his friend. I haven’t even met Renaldo. You were supposed to introduce us but he never came to dinner, remember?”
Rafe’s face grew pale and Talia felt an uneasy feeling grow at the pit of her stomach. Something wasn’t right, something was awfully wrong.
“Oh shit,” Angelo muttered under his breath. 
Talia couldn’t be sure because of how low he said that, but there was a sense of dread in those two words that made the hairs on the back of her neck stand.
“What is it? What’s wrong?”
Angelo looked at her then at Rafe and back at her again. “Talia…”
“No!” Rafe’s voice was barely audible but the order was there. “Just give her everything she wants, except for the job. I’ll provide for her and her mother when she arrives.” 
Turning to her, with one finger pointed at her to drive his point home, he said, “Don’t leave the condo again unless your doctor tells you otherwise. This subject is closed.” 
He quickly stood up and fled the room without a backwards glance at Talia. 
Talia turned to Angelo and the pity in his eyes stopped the question she was about to ask.
Something more had happened that day, more than what Carrie told her. And by Rafe’s reaction, it must have been bad and involved his brother. 
Talia’s hands began to tremble and she pressed them tightly together. Could her nightmares have something to do with this? What was it that they were trying to tell her, that everyone except her knew about? She needed to know and she was going to find out one way or the other.
* * * *
Rafe stumbled into his office, his hand over his chest. He felt like he was going to have a panic attack.
“Non, it can’t be true, it just can’t!”
He fell onto his couch, his head in his hands. Renaldo wasn’t capable of doing such a thing. The kid was a screw up but he wasn’t a monster.
“God, please don’t let it be true!”
“Rafe, I did what you asked,” Angelo’s voice filled the room. Rafe heard him move around the room, pacing before he stopped in front of him. “Do you think Renaldo…”
“No!” Rafe protested jumping to his feet. “My brother is a lot of things but he is not a monster. He would never do such a thing.”
“Do you think she’s lying then?”
Rafe shook his head. “You saw her face. She had no clue of what I was talking about, and I’ve never introduced Renaldo to her. But she has seen him.”
“What do you mean?”
“The same day as the dinner, I saw Renaldo hitting on her at the office. I was so mad I almost took his head off. But she dismissed him. She just shook her head, told him ‘this is an office not a bar’ and walked away. I laughed so hard, then I warned Renaldo away from her before I asked him to leave the building and never step foot in it again.”
“Rafe, I know you don’t want to admit it,” Angelo began carefully. “But you’ve just given me a reason as to why Renaldo would drug and rape your girlfriend.”
Rafe paced his office floor, his heart beating hard in his chest. “She didn’t say she was raped!”
“No, but she did imply you two were together,” he answered softly. “Rafe, it seems no one told her the full story. I understand why. She’s asthmatic and pregnant, not a good combination especially when she’s expecting twins.”
Rafe stopped dead in his tracks. “Come?”
Angelo’s eyebrows shot to his hair line as he stared shocked at Rafe. He shook his head and asked, “You didn’t know she was expecting twins, did you?”
Rafe sat back down on the couch, the room spinning around him. Twins, my twins. He now believed that he was responsible for her pregnancy. Why didn’t she tell him there were two?
Then he remembered the conversation they had at the priest’s office. Did she believe she told him about having twins that day?
Merda! What was he to do?
“Renaldo, did you find him yet?”
“Yes. He’s at the mansion. He’s been locked in the pool house since your almost wedding.”
Rafe chuckled bitterly. His own mother had been hiding the brat from him. Well, not for long.
Rafe stood up and moved to his desk to grab his car keys and wallet. “Angelo, I need you to come with me.”
“Why?”
“To keep me from killing my brother.”
Chapter Three
Talia tossed the cordless phone to the other side of the couch with a huff. “That woman drives me crazy!”
Carrie chuckled, picking up the phone and placing it on the coffee table before she sat down with a tub of ice cream in her hands. “I’m sorry to say this but your mother is jaded. I thought the news would make her happy. How much are you getting again?”
They were back at the condo and Rafe had given Carrie the day off to keep Talia company. She was grateful even though she thought it was unprofessional. Carrie didn’t mind one bit.
Talia slid lower against the corner of the couch and stuffed a cushion behind her back. Her back felt like it was splitting in two. “I get a bank account full of money. Millions of it by what Angelo said, but my spending will be monitored.”
Carrie whistled. “That’s a lot of dough.”
Talia pressed her fingers under her ribcage, attempting the impossible—pushing her son’s kicking foot from her already sore rib. “But not exactly what I wanted.”
Carrie held the spoon in her mouth as she studied Talia. Talia’s first instinct was to look away, to keep her friend from reading the truth in her eyes but she was tired of lying. 
She was tired of lying to her friend, to her mother, and most importantly to herself. It was time to face the truth. And the truth was she came to Italy to follow Rafe, not for retribution but for love. She loved him, and she couldn’t live a life without him in it. 
“You want him to be the father you never had, don’t you?”
The right answer would be ‘yes I want Rafe to be a father to our twin sons because they deserve one’ and she knew that he would be a remarkable one too.
But instead she said, “No, I want him for myself. I can’t accept that our love doesn’t matter just because some awful things have happened to keep us apart. We owe it to each other, if not for our children, to fight to be together.” She turned to Carrie, suddenly feeling unsure of herself. “Don’t we?”
Carrie placed the tub on the coffee table and moved closer to Talia. “Sweetheart, you guys only knew each other for four months and were only romantically involved for two of those.”
“But it takes just a moment to fall in love!” she protested, tears burning the back of her eyes and a sting in her throat.
Carrie smiled. “Your mother would be gagging by now if she heard you say that.”
Talia sighed, batting the tears back. “Well then, it’s a good thing she’s not coming.”
Carrie huffed, picked the tub of ice cream back up and leaned back to her previous position. “Like I said, your mom is jaded.”
No one was disputing that. Her mother had issues. Understandable but suffocating. And since they were on the subject… 
“Carrie, what aren’t you telling me?”
She licked ice cream off the spoon. “What do you mean?”
“During the mediation meeting, I got the distinct feeling I was out of the loop.”
Her brows furrowed. “What makes you say that?”
“Right after I told them what happened that day—” something flushed in Carrie’s eyes and her lips dropped open for just a second before she pressed them together “—you see, like that. Their faces were exactly like yours is right now. What is it that no one wants to tell me?” 
Talia had to remind herself to stay calm despite the frustration that was building up inside her. And right next to the frustration was fear. What could have possibly happened to warrant such reactions from them?
Carrie remained silent, her ice cream abandoned as she stared at Talia with tears in her eyes. Unexplainable fear mounted, completely filling Talia. What were they hiding from her? How bad was it?
“I’ll call mom and ask if you don’t tell me right now!” her voice rose with hysteria.
“She won’t tell you a thing.” Carrie rasped, a weary look on her face.
“Why not?” she demanded.
“Talia…”
  The doorbell rang silencing Carrie. Quickly, she moved to answer the door but Talia stopped her. She had a feeling it was Rafe and she didn’t want to give them time to conspire to hide the truth from her. 
She pushed herself off the couch and waddled to the door. She opened it, not at all surprised who had been on the other side of it. With a smile that belied what she felt she said, “Speak of the devil. We were just discussing you and the secret everyone is keeping from me.”
Rafe stared at her, that famous emotionless mask on his face. She stared pointedly back with a raised brow. She remained standing in the door way, blocking his entrance until he responded. Someone was going to fess up and she didn’t care who and what she had to do to make it happen.
“Shouldn’t you be in bed?” 
He asked so quietly, the fight Talia had been preparing for drained out of her. 
The corner of his right eye twitched. His mask was slipping, exposing the weariness in his eyes. But this wasn’t overworked tiredness, he looked emotionally drained.
“Rafe, what’s wrong?”
* * * *
Rafe looked down at Talia’s face, twisted with worry. Just moments ago, she looked like she was ready to challenge him and now, she looked at him like she used to those many months ago when he still suffered heavily from the anxiety and panic disorder. Like she was ready to wrap her arms around him and fight his demons away. And he felt…he fought the urge to grab his chest and fold to the floor. He felt tired, like giving up. He felt defeated.
What was wrong? Everything was wrong! Every damn thing!
But he couldn’t say that to her. He couldn’t risk her life—his children’s lives for a nightmare that should never have happened. The guilt weighed so heavily on him, hell, he wanted to curl up on the floor and die.
It was his fault, it was all his fault. She was right to hate him. He hated himself! And if it wasn’t for them, this family that was currently carried in Talia’s body, the only one out of the two he wasn’t ashamed to admit to, he would drive his car into a fucking wall and leave this god forsaken world behind.
Inferno! His own family!
He had just lived the worst hour of his entire life and despite the guilt he felt, he just wanted to see her, to hold her. 
No, he didn’t deserve to hold her. 
He would only allow himself to just see her, make sure she was alright, then he would leave and… slowly die out of shame and guilt. 
Instead he bucked up and said, “Clearly you have a different definition of what bed rest is to the rest of us.” There was no reason for her to be burdened by his unstable emotions.
Her eyes narrowed suspiciously, “Way to avoid the question.”
He tried to smile but his lips shook under the strain so he gave up on that and just kept his face stoic. “Way to not listen to doctor’s orders.” 
Because he really didn’t want to keep the back and forth going, or think for that matter, he picked her up and stepped further into the condo. He kicked the door shut and matched to the bedroom, where he carefully deposited her on to the bed.
“This is what bed rest means.”
Her hands pressed to the bed behind her, she held herself up and looked up at him, her eyes searching his face. “You’re trying to make jokes…. which means whatever it is, it’s really bad.”
He pushed his fists into his pants pockets to hide how tightly clenched they were. Really bad was an understatement.
He felt her hand on his right wrist and he looked down at it. How he wished he deserved the comfort it gave.
“You want to talk about it?” 
She sounded like she really meant it. He scoffed at himself. Of course she did. She wasn’t like the rest of his family. Insincere. Selfish. Self-centered. Monsters!
He bit down hard on his teeth and struggled to reel his emotions in. She didn’t need this, he reminded himself. Bedrest, peace, quiet, calm, that’s what she needed. Everything else, he would deal with.
He took a fortifying breath and shifted his gaze to her, “Just extremely tired and worried.”
“Worried about what?”
“If you stay in bed and do as you’re told, that, will be completely taken care of.”
Her head cantered to the side, “Something’s off with you.”
Schooling his face he asked, “What?”
She shook her head, “You’re being nice. You’re not snarling at me.”
He chuckled, unable to control it. If she only knew. “I used them all up today.”
“And,” she dragged the word then paused. One, two, three, four seconds ticked by, each one eating at him, before she said, “You are using my situation as an excuse to not tell me the truth.”
“What makes you think that?” he murmured.
“I know you.” Her voice brokered no arguments. Her confidence was almost comforting.
A sad smile pulled at his lips. “You do?”
“Enough to know you didn’t drug me.”
That makes one of us. 
If he had trusted she wouldn’t ever cheat on him, he probably wouldn’t be feeling like an ass at that moment. Instead, he’d put the cherry on the cake his family had baked by getting her fired and making her loose the house she had saved every penny to get. 
She loved that house, he loved that house and now… He deserved to be lynched!
Rafe nodded, feeling the exhaustion creep up the back of his neck. The onset of a killer migraine. She was trying to steer them to the one place he didn’t want to visit. What he wanted was to escape, have a few minutes to himself to just breath.
“So, enough to know we aren’t having this discussion? I meant it when I said the subject was closed.”
She threw her hands up, “Rafe—”
‘We’ll discuss it after the babies are born,” he said cutting her off, “Unless you are too impatient to wait and don’t care about your collective health.”
She crossed her arms over her top chest—more like the top curve of her belly, “That’s down right dirty.”
“I’m not known for playing fair.” He moved to his wardrobe, pulled it open and withdrew a blanket. He moved back to her on the bed and covered her with it. “Especially with difficult people who don’t listen to orders.”
She grumbled under her breath and he couldn’t help the smile that commanded his face. She did that when she was cursing someone out and didn’t want them to hear. 
“Fine.” She sunk into the bed and lay on her left side. “But we will discuss it. The subject is not closed.”
“Go to sleep Talia.” He ordered, fought the urge to kiss her and walked out of the room, leaving her alone. He found himself fighting a lot of things recently. When was it going to end? The exhaustion weighed down on him.
He’d just closed the door when Carrie pounced. “You didn’t tell her, did you?”
He walked away from her and to the kitchen, “I didn’t tell her a lot of things. You’re going to have to be specific.” 
“Rafe!” she half yelled, controlling the volume of her voice and he knew it was for Talia’s benefit, not his.
He opened a cupboard to expose his little bar. He pulled out a whiskey and a glass. Poured himself a healthy dose and was about to return the bottle to its place when he thought better of it. He took it with him to the living room.
“Rafe!”
The hand holding the filled glass that had been lifting to his lips changed course and stopped. He held it out at her, lifting his index finger. 
“Carrie, you may not have noticed, but I am not in the mood to do anything but drink right now. Why don’t you take this free time and move your stuff to the condo downstairs. I’ll be staying here with Talia until she gives birth.”
Her mouth opened to argue but he raised a brow in warning. He was running out of the little patience he had left. When it snapped shut, he turned away and continued the short trek to the couch, sipping from his glass. The brown liquid burned as it went down. Exactly what he needed.
“What about your stuff?” she huffed, not caring to hide her irritation.
He was her boss and yet she didn’t care she was showing how annoyed she was with him at the moment. But this wasn’t a typical employer—employee situation. Right now, at this very moment, she was Talia’s best friend and he was… undeserving to be stuck under the bottom of her shoe.
“Antonio is there now, getting them.”
“Does Antonio do everything for you?” 
He turned to where she stood at the door now, holding it ajar and met her snide remark with a deathly glare, “Yes. Including keeping me from committing murder.” 
Her eyes narrowed to slits but she didn’t say a word. Smart woman. She matched out and closed the door behind her. He gave her credit for not banging it. He may have deserved it but Talia didn’t and she didn’t need the added stress.
He sunk down into the leather couch, stared blindly at the flat screen TV, his mind wandering unconsciously to the worst hour of his life.
Rafe had left the office right after Talia and Carrie had, and drove straight to the estate. He brought his Ferrari to a screeching halt in the reception driveway and quickly jumped out of the car. Anticipating his mother running interference, he took the path at the side of the house to the pool house. He had only a few minutes to catch his brother unawares. Renaldo had a habit of paying the servants to alert him of Rafe’s arrival in the aftermath of one of his messes. But he wouldn’t be so lucky to make his escape now. 
Rafe caught him by the pool, a towel over his head as he rubbed his hair dry. Quickly, Rafe moved behind him, holding the towel over his face, his other arm wrapped around his neck in a choke-hold.
“Rafe!” Angelo yelled, running towards them. “You’re suffocating him!”
Rafe knew exactly what he was doing. He held onto his brother as Renaldo fought, clawing at his hand and arm as he struggled to free himself. Rafe spread his legs further to strengthen his stand.
Just a few more seconds, Rafe thought with sinister intent as he listened to his brother begin to gasp for air.
“Basta, Rafe, stop!” Angelo yelled, holding onto Renaldo’s arms as if trying to keep him from fighting.
“Non, let him fight. He’ll suffocate faster!”
“Rafael, per favore basta!” his mother screamed, running down the back steps of the main house towards them.
Rafe lowered his head until his lips reached Renaldo’s ear. “I’ll let you go if you promise to tell me the truth. If not, fratello minore, I swear I will drown you, lei capisce?” 
Renaldo struggled to nod and Rafe released him. He dropped to the ground on his hands and knees, pulling the towel away from his head as he coughed for breath. His mother dropped to her knees next to Renaldo, rubbing his back and demanding to know if he was all right.
Rafe ignored the touching scene and pushed at Renaldo’s shoulder forcing him to sit down. “Start talking!”
Renaldo rubbed at his neck as he looked away from Rafe. A clear sign he was hiding something and was about to lie.
“Leave him alone, Rafael! You’ve become a monster ever since that black—”
Rafe dropped to a crouch, moved so close to his mother’s face and snarled. She hurried back and would have fallen flat on her ass if Angelo hadn’t caught her, bringing her up to her feet. Then Rafe grabbed Renaldo’s hair in his fist and forcefully brought him standing with him.
Renaldo cried out, holding onto Rafe’s assaulting hand.
“I’m going to push you into the pool and hold your head down if you don’t start talking.” He brought his brother’s face closer to his, and whispered menacingly, “Don’t fuck with me, Renaldo!”
“Va bene, okay, I’ll tell you,” he whined and Rafe released him. Renaldo pleaded with his eyes, and Rafe could already feel the disgust pile up.
He should have known.
“He ordered you to do it, even the story about her sleeping with Alex, didn’t he?”
Renaldo nodded. “He said it was the only way to redeem myself, mi scusi, per favore fratello, I’m not as strong as you.” 
Rafe cursed loudly, kicking at the pool chairs. “Dove è lui, where is that bastard!”
“Rafael!” his mother admonished him as she held Renaldo to her like a babe. “Do not speak of your father in such a manner.”
Rafe shook his head at her. “Non, Madre. You should have stood up to that monster, years ago.” Rafe looked at his brother embraced in their mother’s arms and shook his head in disgust. “You served me up to him to save your sweet baby. Now as I look at him, it seems you did Renaldo a great disservice.” 
Rafe pulled his brother from their mother’s hold. “Don’t cower away under madre’s skirts! You are twenty-six years old and yet you behave as if you don’t have hair on your balls! Inferno, no wonder Padre picks on you.”  
Rafe released Renaldo and turned to leave. But the hold on his arm halted him. “I wasn’t alone.”
Rafe felt his heart stop at Renaldo’s confession. He didn’t have to mention the name because Rafe already knew. He could feel it in the bile that rose to his throat. All his hopes of Talia being left un-abused vacated his body with the pained cry that parted from his lips.
He turned to Renaldo, tears of rage burning his eyes. “Why did you take that devil with you?”
Renaldo moved back, shaking his head. “I thought he’d sent me to do the dirty deed. But it was Alex all along he’d hired to do the job. I was only going to scare her off, tell her that you were married, seduce her.” He looked up at Rafe, tears in his eyes. “Whatever I had to do to get her to leave you.”
Rafe charged at him, ready to smash his head in when Angelo stepped in his path, shielding the coward. “I caught you on top of her, Renaldo!”
Renaldo cried openly. “She refused to believe us. She said you would never hurt her, demanded we leave before she called you. When she reached for the phone, Alex jumped her.” He chuckled, shaking his head. “She didn’t need you, Rafe. She laid Alex out in one minute, had me begging for mercy in less when she began to break my hand. Then she fell on me, the broken needle of a syringe in her neck.”
Rafe pressed his fist in his churning stomach. He was going to be sick. He couldn’t listen to anymore.
“We took her upstairs and Alex changed her into the red lingerie that was lying on the bed. Then we heard the door open and you calling for her. I took off my shirt and climbed on top of her so that when you walked in you would think— I expected you would try to kill me not walk away. I was counting on it for her sake against Alex.”
Rafe bent over, his hands on his knees as he cried out, “So you raped her too!”
“No!” Renaldo moved around the protection Angelo gave him to stand next to Rafe. 
Without hesitation, Rafe straightened and wrapped his fingers around his neck and squeezed. “Then what, Renaldo? You climbed off her, sat in the armchair next to her bed and watched Alex defile the woman I love!” he snarled. 
Renaldo shook his head but Rafe squeezed tighter, watching the veins on his forehead pop and his face turn red as he gasped for air. Never had Rafe felt the paralyzing desire to end someone’s life as he did at that moment. He wanted to kill his brother, and Alex, but mostly his father.
“He didn’t do it Rafael!” his mother cried. “He couldn’t do that to you. Just give him a chance to explain, please, son!”
Rafe turned to look at his mother. She was pulling on his arm, attached to the hand that was wrapped around her beloved son’s neck. Her face was streaked with tears, her lips trembling as she fought to hold the sobs in. But that didn’t sway him. It didn’t slake his desire for blood. 
“Do not become your father.”
But that did it. He opened his hand and released Renaldo. Yes, he wanted to kill them, but the last thing he wanted was to become his father.
“Five seconds, Renaldo,” he whispered.
Renaldo nodded. “After you left, I told Alex that we should leave. He refused, he wanted to—but then we fought. I pushed him out until we went down the steps to the living room. We wrecked everything in our way. But then he hit me over the head with a lamp and I passed out. When I came to, I rushed upstairs to see if Talia was all right.” His breath hitched. “She was still dressed, but the lingerie was ripped, in complete tatters on her and she was face down on the floor. Alex was gone. Before I could check if Talia was all right, a woman was screaming her name downstairs. I left through her window, climbed down the vine, and ran.”
Rafe’s legs gave way from under him and he sank down to the ground, his hands fisted in his hair. He couldn’t handle it. It just couldn’t be true. And Talia didn’t remember a thing.
She was right about one thing—he had done it to her. It was his fault.   
Angelo mumbled next to him, “The tests… that’s why she needs the tests done.”
Rafe felt a more acute pain assault his chest. He looked up at Renaldo. “You poisoned my children. What the hell did I ever do to you to deserve this?”
His face crumbled. “I’m sorry. I didn’t, Alex had planned to drug her. I didn’t know she was pregnant! I’m so sorry!” he cried.
With Angelo’s help, Rafe struggled to his feet. “I don’t want your apologies. In fact, I want nothing from you except for your complete absence in my life.”
Those were his parting words to his brother before he ran out of there, afraid he might just change his mind and commit fratricide. But as for Alex… his fist tightened around the glass so hard it shook, swirling the liquid inside. The moment he found him, he was going to drop his body in Tiber.
Chapter Four
Talia pushed herself off the bed, feeling more rested than she had in days—actually, months. That stunned her. She’d had a peaceful sleep, and with no nightmares! That was strange. It felt strange, waking up feeling like jelly and not stiff and sore. Then she remembered how she got in bed and a slight shiver ran through her. That was even stranger. 
Rafe had put her to bed and he acted like it was normal. It was like the past few days of tension and fighting hadn’t happened. She tip toed—why, she had no idea—to the door and gently placed her hand on the round rosette door handle that she’d awed over the first time she’d seen it. Everything about the condo, everything about Rafe was quality, expensive and high maintenance. The man was the definition of the finest things in life and she’d wanted him and everything he had, everything that made him him, especially his love. He loved as fiercely as he did everything else and she basked in it, until his hate, just as fierce robbed her of not only that love but everything she cherished leaving her cold and bereaved. 
She pushed the handle down gently and slowly pulled the soundless door open. She could literally feel the seconds tick by as she attempted to sneak out of the bedroom and head towards the living room. She still didn’t understand why she felt the need to move around like a cat burglar in her own condo—well, Rafe’s condo, that he’d given to her for the duration of her stay.
Well, actually she knew. She was scared of running into Rafe. Not scared scared, just… apprehensive. He’d always been able to put her on edge and this different him definitely made her more antsy than normal. Worse, it brought up memories and feelings she’d packed away a long time ago and intended to keep it that way for an even longer time. She needed them to stay in that box, in that dark corner she’d shoved them into and never see the light of day again. 
But this him was threatening that resolve. What had happened to him in those few hours between the office when she and Carrie had left and the moment he came to the condo that made him different? She stepped out of the room and paused when the realization hit her. It must be that damn secret nobody wanted to tell her! Something was there. Something big enough to turn Rafe almost docile—like a sunbathing uncaring tiger. No one would be silly enough to compare him to the harmless submissive kind of cats. His caring behavior reminded her of how he used to be before vengeful Rafe entered the building.
She fisted her hands, closed her eyes tight and shook her head to dispel those creeping thoughts. No, no no! Stay in the corner, remain in your box. You are not coming out!
With a deep breath and her emotions in better control, she took the last step out of the bedroom and into the dim hallway, lit by floor lights. What time was it anyway? It must be in the middle of the night or early morning of the next day, so there was no way he was still here. She thought about calling out for Carrie, but she wouldn’t be amused about being woken up in the dead of the night. Beauty sleep was everything to her! Talia rolled her eyes at the motto.
She exited the hallway by turning to the left and entering the open space that made up the kitchen, and a little further out the living room.  The corner lights were on. Good. When she’d first arrived, she’d been relieved to see them. She’d been afraid to fall asleep in the dark for some time after the breakup but then, she didn’t want to give into the fear. At home she would leave the corridor light on and the door ajar. Here, at the condo, the corner lights in each room were a great compromise. She didn’t feel too much like a whoose.
Just when she was about to relax, she saw it then. 
“Oh come one!” she whined under her breath, wishing she’d never ventured out of her room. 
There was something on the couch! It was moving. Was someone seated there?
“What are you doing, skulking around?”
Talia jumped with a yelp, one hand pressed to her chest, the other to the lower curve of her belly. “Rafe?”
“Si.” His gruff voice responded.
Talia started again towards the couch, rubbing her chest to sooth her racing heart.
“What the hell is wrong with you! You don’t do that to a pregnant woman!” then she moved that hand calming her heart to her belly, rubbing both hands in circular motions. She worried for a moment the saying ‘scaring the baby out of me’ may just happen.
“Mi scusi” he mumbled, his voice rough, with a short wave of his raised hand.
Something wasn’t right. Rafe sounded off. She rounded the couch and came to stand before him, the low black coffee table between them. 
Oh my… she thought, locking her fingers together under her belly, curbing her immediate need to go to him. He looked disheveled and judging by the almost empty whisky bottle on the table, he was well into his cups. 
“Rafe, what’s wrong?” she asked instead.
From his slouched position on the couch, he shifted himself just enough to allow his head to rest on the back rest so his face was turned to the ceiling. His arms lay lamely at his sides, his black suit clad thighs fallen apart, one leading to a bent knee and bare foot and the other stretched out and under the table. His shirt was open to the mid of his abdomen exposing reflecting streams that started at the top of his chest, over his chiseled abs and disappeared under his shirt. If he wasn’t in such a sorry state, he would be attractive enough to forget everything that had gone wrong between then and jump him. 
Cool it hormones. Pregnancy had her emotions on overdrive, including—a recent development—her libido.
What was he still doing here? She turned and her eye caught his belt, it lay on the far end of the couch with his suit jacket socks and watch. He’d gotten comfortable, which meant he’d had no intention of going anywhere after he’d tucked her into bed. The alcohol made sure of it. But, he just lived a short elevator ride down, surely he would have been able to make it? 
“What are you doing here Rafe?”
He raised—no, he pulled up one arm, judging by how heavy it looked as he raised it—and pointed to the ceiling, with one finger, his hand bobbing as his wrist struggled to hold it up.
 “Carrie moved in,” he said with a slight slur.
She sighed, exasperated, “Yes, I know. She’s in the spare bedroom.”
Talia didn’t like dealing with drunks, no matter how much she cared for them. They were a nuisance. Since she’d never seen Rafe drunk, she hoped he didn’t have weird antics like diving and swimming on the bed like Carrie did.
“No, no. Not here.” His raised hand bounced, his wrist managing to hold his hand up long enough to keep his pointing finger steady, “Up there.”
“What?” Talia stared up at the ceiling then down at Rafe. What was up there? Wasn’t it the sundeck roof? They were on the top floor of the twelve story condominium. Did he mean downstairs? That was where his other unit was. How in the world had he manage that? Carrie would never have moved out and left her alone with him. 
That finger lowered to him and pressed into his chest, bending at the knuckle,  “I… moved in… here.”
“Excuse me?” she exclaimed. 
She closed her eyes, raised her hand and pinched the bridge of her nose between the knuckles of her index and middle fingers, feeling a little more than annoyed. Why in the world would Carrie move out and let Rafe move in? Why did neither of them consult her and ask if she was comfortable with the new living arrangements? 
She opened her eyes and immediately took a step back, dropping her hand when her gaze met his. Even with the dim lighting, she could see what was in that deep unblinking stare. He shifted, pulling himself into a sitting position. His elbow rested on his knees. His gaze not once broke contact with hers. She took another step back, her heartbeat picking up speed. The room grew stuffy, almost suffocating, heavy with tension. He pushed himself up to his feet, wobbled, steadied and stood in his full height. She took another step back, her breathes coming a little faster. His gazed still holding hers hostage, the brown of his eyes darkened to almost black and she knew she was screwed if she didn’t do something.
“No!” She came awake when he shifted to the side as if to go around the table, holding her hands out open in front of her. “You’re drunk and I’m…” ‘losing the little sanity I have left’ was what she wanted to say but instead she said, “Not up for that.” 
When he blinked, coming awake himself, breaking the heavy moment, she breathed a sigh of relief. 
“Why don’t you sit back down and I’ll bring you a cup of coffee and a gallon of water.”
He smirked, then dropped back heavily on to the couch, his eyes shutting immediately his head touched the back rest. Talia quickly shuffled to the kitchen and turned on the coffee pot. She pulled out all the bottles of water from the fridge—a total of five but if there was more she would have carried all of them with her—and took them to the living room before quickly escaping back into the kitchen. She didn’t want to think about what almost happened, what he’d clearly wanted to do and would have done if she hadn’t stopped him. 
That look, she knew that look all too well and she’d worked hard to lock the feeling it invoked in that box she stored in the dark corner of her heart. But it seemed to have seeped out and she really didn’t want to give it more attention that she already had in that moment she’d been confronted with it—when Rafe looked at her like he wanted to ravish her. 
That look, it always spread a ticklish heat over her body coupled with baited anticipation. It was paralyzing and yet at the same time turned her into his puppet, the strings telepathically pulled. The very first time she’d met him, it was that look that had trapped her. He didn’t have to even touch her to get her body to react, all he had to do was look at her with that look. 
A shiver rushed through her and her breath caught in her throat before she coaxed it free with a gulp of air.
Once she had the coffee poured into a mug, she reluctantly went back to join him. She noticed, thankfully, one of the bottles sat open and empty, and another was halfway there. Standing next to him, she held the coffee under his nose, shifting it away slowly as his nose followed the aroma of the Ethiopian coffee.  
Both his hands rose in open invitation and Talia placed the hot mug in them. 
“Careful, its hot,” she warned.
He grunted, taking the mug and lifting it to his lips. He took a long sip, his eyes still closed. Talia moved to join him on the couch, her body giving her very little choice. As much as she would like to run from him, to keep as much space as she possibly could between them, her sore ankles and her tight back were complaining under the pressure. There were other seats but they were stiff and straight singles. The couch was the only one that she found comfortable. She lowered herself a cushion away from him and was glad she hadn’t unceremoniously drop into it. That would have been embarrassing. She already felt like a waddling whale as it is.
After a few seconds of silence, she decided to just ask again instead of just wondering, “What are you doing here Rafe?”
His eyes opened then. After a beat or two he said, “it’s my home.”
“Not for the time being it’s not. And I thought this was just one of your properties, don’t you live with your family?”
He snorted, then sipped at the mug.
This was one thing Talia always found unnerving when they worked together and even more when they dated. He didn’t talk much, only when he felt like he needed to. The rest of the time, it was as if they were to read his silence and understand what he wanted. It frustrated her at work but also posed a challenge. She wanted to be the indispensable employee who could decipher the boss’ silence and deliver results that he wanted. He was demanding, strict with high expectations but fair. That was why she fell for him, a character from her favorite romance novels. 
Fairytales, according to her mother, they made women stupid. Talia hated when she was right.
When they dated, that silence was their own private language. When they were in public and she felt his gaze on her, her body tremble in anticipation. When it was just the two of them behind closed doors, it was the siren song that pulled her to him, the strings that made her move just as he wanted her too, the invisible hands that shed her clothing piece by piece to expose her for his appreciation. It was the heat that impatiently readied her body for his possession. And when they lay in bed, after they’d made love and his body enveloped her, cradling her against him, it made her feel cherished and protected.    
Damn it! Her throat burned and she quickly turned away. The bloody box was out of the dark corner and opening. She needed to close it, and fast.
“You slept with Gabriella.” 
There was no stronger adhesive than that.
“When?” he asked calmly.
She turned to him. It irked her how calm he was. Sure was quite sure they weren’t talking about the weather. 
“The day I had the attack.”
He winced but nodded. She wasn’t sure what that wince was for—for getting called out on his sexcapade or  her attack that he had admirably responded well too.
“Is that why you had the attack?”
Talia wasn’t willing to answer truthfully to that. It was embarrassing enough without speaking it out loud.
“Exhaustion.”
He scoffed and she fought the urge to punch that perfect profile of his.
“How did you find out?”
“After Carrie listened in on the whole show you two loudly performed, Gabriella paid us a visit and recounted it. In detail. Among other things.” 
Talia hadn’t forgotten her threat either, and she never would. She needed to know where Rafe stood on this for some reassurance. She’d taken a risk coming to Italy to find him but she never once thought much of the possibility that he would take her children from her. Somehow, she didn’t believe he was that cruel. But she’d said that before and got proven wrong, severely. 
He moved then, placing the mug on the table. Mercy, the man’s slightest movement resemble a panther on the prowl. She could see every corded muscle stretch and bunch under his sleeve with each move he made.   
He turned to her and she told herself not to react like a school girl when his gaze caught hers. “Among other things?”
“She said you’d take my children from me.”
“Why would I do that?”
Again, no emotions. No tale tell sighs. Just flat.
“Why do you do anything?” she shot back, “You’ve done quite a number of things to me since our breakup. You left me homeless for crying out loud!” her voice rose in anger.
He turned away, “I didn’t take your home from you.”
That was an admittance to what he’d done to her as any. But he was wrong about that single denial. “No. You took my job and made it impossible for me to find another. I put it on the market before I came here.”
He winced again and combed his fingers through his disheveled hair. Talia hoped he was feeling ashamed of what he’d done to her.
“You should get it back. We’ve already rectified your financial situation.”
What about my emotional situation? She wanted to rubbed her chest where her heart was to sooth the ache but she wouldn’t do that. There was a limit to showing weakness.  She will not be needy.
“You don’t need to be concerned about Gabriella.”
Her heart leaped, but she dared not hope. “Why?”
Without a word he stood, and walked away. She watched where he was headed and her heart leaped for a whole other reason. He turned right into the hallway, not left. 
She pushed herself off the couch and quickly followed him. She walked in just in time to watch him shrug his shirt off, step out of his pants and climb into bed in nothing but his black boxer briefs, where not even an hour ago she had been sleeping.
Panicked, she demanded, “What are you doing? There is another room here Rafe.” 
He pulled the pillow—her pillow—under his head closing his eyes, “It’s a big bed Talia.”
After a few moments, she heard the soft deep breathes of sleep. 
She threw her hands up with an irate groan, “Great, just great.”
Chapter Five
 “Say that again, he did what?” Carrie’s eyes bugged out of their sockets, ready to fall into her lap. Talia understood her reaction, she was still in shock.
“Besides falling asleep in my bed and leaving me with no choice but to sleep next to him? He woke up this morning and went about his business like everything was normal and nothing had happened between us.” 
She pointed to the island that separated the kitchen from the living room, “He sat across from me, had his breakfast, asked about my plans for the day. Then he reminded me to stay off my feet as much as possible and then left saying ‘see you in the evening’ and if I wanted him to bring something for dinner!”
Carrie blinked shaking her head. “Take a breath.” 
Talia did as instructed, feeling some of the anxiety leave her. She felt like she was in the twilight zone. There was this anxious fear at the familiarity of the whole thing. It was like they were back in her apartment, eating breakfast on her tiny dinner table before work. Or the kitchen island in the new house because she hadn’t gotten around to furnishing the house yet, arguing back and forth about letting him pay for the furniture and décor. In fact, that was the last conversation they’d had before everything was shot to hell. 
‘You’ll pick and I’ll pay. There, duties split down the middle.’ He had said before walking out of the kitchen with a ‘we’re leaving in five minutes,’ thrown over his shoulder. She’d been so mad and yet resigned to the fact he was a permanent fixture in her life.
But things hadn’t turned out that way. Suddenly, he was gone and there was no furniture, no house and even no car anymore. The life that they’d wanted together went up in smoke, burned by his rage.
How could he just act like all was right as rain, like nothing had happened?
“So all he left out was the good morning kiss and the goodbye kiss?”
“You find it strange too! I think the real Rafe was kidnapped by aliens and this guy is either a host or they gave him a lobotomy.”
Carrie laughed but Talia wasn’t feeling as amused. Rafe was throwing around confusing signals and it was taking everything within her not to fall into that rabbit hole again. She really didn’t want to hope that things would go back to how they used to be between them, only to have the rug pulled from under her when she was fully trapped in those hopes and dreams. Again. She’d barely survived the first heartbreak, she wasn’t sure she would survive another.
“Talia, why are you really freaking out?” Carried asked, reading her well.
“That I’m going to read the signals wrong again.” She whispered ashamed.
Carrie took her hand in hers and squeezed, “You didn’t read them wrong the first time. What happened wasn’t your fault, neither was it his,” something shifted in her eyes and she sucked in bother her lips from a moment before she released them and added, “Shit happens and it happened really hard on the both of you.”
Talia eyes narrowed at that fully loaded statement, “Yeah, the rotten smell is suffocating. What are you hiding Carrie?”
Both eyebrows shot up and she quickly released Talia’s hand, “Hmm?”
“That shit that happened that you are talking about, that wasn’t mine or Rafe’s fault, what is it and who took a dump on us?”
“Who took a dump on us,” She giggled in an almost wicked witch of the west way. Forced. She was hiding something. Wiping under her eyes with her knuckle at the nonexistent tears she added, “That’s funny Talia.”
“Ha ha ha,” Talia said dryly. She leaned in closer to Carrie who leaned away and looked everywhere else but at her, “Quit stalling and fess us.”
“To what? I don’t know what you are talking about?” she squeaked, her shoulders pulling tight into her. 
The doorbell rang and Carried sighed, visibly relaxing. 
“I should get that.”
Talia shook her head, “ah ah. Nope. You’re going to try and run. I got your number miss thing. I’ll get the door.”
She pushed herself off the couch and waddled to the door. She opened it, surprised at who it reveled. 
“Signore DeLuca, what are you doing here?”  
Talia wished she hadn’t said a word when he snarled at her, his face creased with anger. His hand shot up, fisting painfully in her hair before she could evade it.
“I want you gone by morning or I swear I’ll get rid of you myself. Capisco, do you understand me?” he ground out the words then he pushed her back, turned and walked away as Talia tripped over her feet and fell heavily to the ground. She cried out, grabbing at her stomach as a sharp pain shot through it.
“Talia!” Carrie cried out, falling to her knees at Talia’s side. “Are you okay?”
Talia shook her head, openly crying. “It hurts!” 
God why didn’t I let Carrie answer the door!
* * * *
“So, you moved in with Talia?”
Rafe shifted his attention from the laptop screen to Angelo who was standing at the door of his office, his arms crossed over his chest.
“You helped me pack.”
His arms dropped from his chest and he pocketed one hand, “Yes, and almost carried the luggage down to my car before I was notified of the surprising development.”
“And?” he sighed the word, leaning back into his executive high back chair, grateful for the soft cushion against his head. 
Thanks to his afternoon to early morning drinking, his head felt like it was going to pulse until his eyes were squeezed out. He would have preferred nothing better but to remain in his bed, with the curtains draw shut as he lay in the darkness and suffered quietly for his over indulgence, but the morning had been uncomfortable enough with Talia watching him like he had a second head growing out of the side of his neck. The night before had not been any better, and then too, he had escaped. 
He’d annoyed her when he’d gone to sleep in her bed—well, his bed. He’d careful selected not just the mattress but the pillow. They were orthopedic. But not the reason why he’d invaded her space. He wanted to sleep where she’d slept, take in her sent from the pillow, feel the warmth she had left behind in the sheets and covers. He just needed her and since he couldn’t, wouldn’t be shameless enough to get it directly from her, he went for the second best thing.
For a moment, for just a moment he’d almost done it. Taken her in his arms and held her body flash against his to feel every inch of her on every inch of him. He’d wanted to run his itching hands over her body to satisfy their need to explore. To compare reality to memories, capture her lips with his own and taste her. Drink from her until his thirst was quenched. He wanted to consume her, feed the hunger that she both caused and only could sate. He wanted to sink himself so deep in her that time would stop and the clock would turn backwards to the days they were happy, just being in each other’s arms. 
For just a moment of insanity he wanted things between them to go back to what they used to be—happy and in love.
But he didn’t have the right to her anymore, not even to have such thoughts. His heart ached from the loss, worse now than it did then because now he knew the truth. Talia had done nothing to him. Their breakup, her pain… it was all his fault. His inability to protect her, his impatience, his temper, they’d ruined her and if she wasn’t who she was, they would have destroyed her. But even a strong tree can be cut down with the right type of saw, and that’s why he refused to voice his fears to Talia of what he was sure—no, no, speculated—happened that night. Just the thought of the possibility felt like a frozen ice pick had been driven through his chest. He needed to find out the truth without subjecting Talia to more pain than he’d already caused.
“Where did you sleep?”
Rafe had been so lost in the thoughts of Talia, he hadn’t noticed Angelo move from the door and take a sit in the chair across from him on the other side of his desk. 
“Che?”
Angelo smiled suggestively, “I asked, where did you sleep last night?”
Rafe rubbed his throbbing right temple with the pads of his fingers, “Nothing happened.”
“Which means?” 
Hardening his gaze he responded to Angelo’s pestering, “Which means you already know the answer and I’m not in the right state to play your games cugino.”
He chuckled, “hard night?”
Rafe didn’t bother to respond to that. It would only encourage him to keep fishing and at the moment, he truly didn’t want to discuss Talia and their situation in the past, present or future. 
Angelo’s smile widened with a satisfied gleam in his eye, “I had a very satisfying night.”
He harrumphed, “I didn’t ask.”
“Oh, but you should.” He shot back, leaning forward in his seat.
Begging for patience, Rafe barked, “Why?”
“Carrie wasn’t very amused about being forced to move.”
With a huff, “You spoke about that?”
One brow slowly went up, “Spoke…” Angelo rubbed his chin with his knuckles, a gleam in his eyes, “yes, we did that… among other things.” 
Both of Rafe’s brows shot up in question. 
Angelo shrugged, dropping his hand from his chin, “She had some frustration to work out. You are quite a frustrating man cugino.” 
Rafe scoffed at that. 
Angelo stood and came round the desk to stand beside him. Slapping Rafe on the shoulder, he added, “But this time, I am truly grateful to you and your ability to drive someone to the edge of sanity with frustration.” Leaning down close to Rafe he whispered, “You don’t think you can do that again? Tonight maybe? I cancelled my plans just in case.”
Rafe shook his head with a chuckle. His cousin was an opportunist no matter the situation. It made him a great lawyer but the opposite in relationships. Love them and leave them was his motto, but then, going by what Talia had told him about her best friend, he’d met his equal and match in Carrie.
He placed his hand on Angelo’s collar and pushed him back, “I’m not a pimp Angelo.” On a more serious note he continued, “let’s focus on the task at hand. I was about to call you.”
“Ah,” Angelo walked back to retake his seat, “Alex, no? Have you found him.”
He nodded, “It’s time I paid a visit to my father’s lackey.”
Angelo’s jaw tightened, “Control Rafe, try and exercise it.”
Rafe smiled, nothing merry about it, “Rilassati cugino. Relax. I plan to have complete control the moment I find him.”
Angelo groaned cursing him, Alex and the entire situation. 
They both stood and Rafe had just rounded the desk to stand next to Angelo when his phone rang. He pulled it out of his pocket, clearly intending to hang up. But Rafe saw his brow furrow as he looked at the phone.
“What is it?” Rafe whispered as apprehension slithered around his chest.
He pressed the receive button and held the phone to his ear. His eyes widened and he turned to Rafe. The look in his eyes was telling and Rafe just knew. He felt the last strength he had in his legs slip out and Angelo tightened his hold on him to keep him standing.
Something bad had happened to Talia. Again…my fault, all my fault.
Chapter Six
Rafe stumbled into the ward and found Carrie pacing the floor. Her face was wet with tears, and his heart jerked. 
Please, God, let them be alright!
“Carrie, where is she?” he rasped.
Carrie looked at him for a long while before she spoke. “You need to convince her to let them do it! You just have to!” she cried, fresh tears rolling down her stricken face.
 Rafe took a breath to calm himself before he grasped Carrie’s shoulders. “Convince her to do what?”
“Signore DeLuca?”
Rafe looked up at the doctor who stood behind Carrie. He swallowed the fear and nodded. 
“How is she?” he asked, a tremor in his voice.
The doctor sighed visibly with relief before he moved closer. “Her blood pressure is climbing dangerously high, and she refuses to let us deliver the babies.”
For a second, Rafe had held the hope that that look of relief on his face meant that Talia was fine, not that he was happy to see him. 
Rafe could understand why Talia was being stubborn. It was too early for the twins to be born. “What are the risks to the twins if they are born prematurely?”
“Signorina McKenna is seven and a half months along, we have high hopes they will survive. But we hold no such hopes for the mother if she refuses for us to proceed.”
Rafe nodded again, willing himself to stay calm and objective. He needed to be strong for Talia. He needed to make the decision and take the blame if it came down to it, because Talia wouldn’t be able to bear it.
“May I see her?”
The doctor nodded and led him to a room. The first thing he heard was the sounds of machines and then he saw them. They were large and at Talia’s head. They frightened him just looking at them, he couldn’t fathom Talia’s terror having them around her.
He moved to her side, sat in the chair close to her head, which was partially covered with an oxygen mask, and took her hand in his. 
“Why the mask?” he asked the doctor.
“She’s come close to having an asthmatic attack several times. We can’t afford for that to happen now; there are too many risks. We thought it prudent to administer oxygen and medication through the mask.”
Christo! They had so much working against them, against their children. 
Rafe covered his face with his free hand and cried in it. Releasing all the pent up emotions that had been broiling inside him for months. He’d never felt as defeated in his life as he did at that moment, sitting there, powerless to help Talia and his children through this difficulty. 
He felt Talia’s hand weakly grasp his. He moved his hand from his face and looked at her. She smiled faintly behind the mask as her eyes fought to stay open.
“I can do this. Please, Rafe, give me a chance. I know I can do this,” she whispered weakly.
Rafe smiled at her determination, which served to break his heart more. He knew better. He just had to convince her of it. For once, Talia needed to set her stubborn need to be right aside.
“Tesoro, you can’t. Your will is strong but your body is weak. Please let them do this, let them save you and our babies.”
A tear ran down her temple as she struggled to shake her head. “Please. Our sons will die if they are taken out.”
Rafe felt his chest crush into his heart, paralyzing him. She shouldn’t have told him that. The decision had been easier to make without knowing. He’d easily picked her over them because he loved her more than the unknown. But now, as the love for his sons blossomed with much pain in his heart, could he really condemn them to save the one he loved most?
“I’m sorry, Talia, but I can’t let you die. We can have other children and we will, but I can’t have another you.”
She shook her head, weakly trying to pull her hand out of his. He held on tighter, willing her to understand his desperation. He turned to the doctor to give his consent but the man was already running towards them, cursing in Italian. He pressed a button above her bed, and pulled the covers away from her body.
“What is it? What’s wrong?”
“What I feared. Her water broke.” He gentle pulled Talia’s knees up and spread them, looking between them under her gown.
Talia screamed loudly, tightening her grip on Rafe’s hand. That’s when he noticed the wet bed, with a large pink stain on the blue sheets.
“What the hell is going on?” he yelled.
“She’s having the babies. Now.”
The room suddenly buzzed with activity, as nurses rushed in, two of them pushing large plastic boxes. The breath in Rafe’s chest grew heavy with fear as he watched. The doctor yelled orders and the nurses moved into action. 
“Signore DeLuca!” 
Rafe heard his name but he didn’t respond nor act like he heard. He was frozen.
“Rafael!” he yelled shaking him.
Rafe blinked looking straight into the doctor’s eyes. “I need you to be alert. The first one is already on his way out. You will have to help her.” Rafe nodded his tongue dead in his mouth. “Sit behind her and hold her up.”
 Rafe turned to find Talia was already been held up by a smiling nurse. His first instinct was to ask what the hell she was smiling about but instead, he climbed onto the bed and sat behind Talia. The nurse leaned her against his chest and Rafe wrapped his arms around Talia’s torso.
“Everything will be all right,” he whispered in her ear when she cried out again, her hands fisted in the fabric of his pants at his thighs.
“Nurse, be ready. I want you to place your hands above her stomach and push down when it’s time.” Then he turned to Talia as he climbed to kneel on the bed between her legs. “Talia, when I tell you, you have to push with all the strength you have. Okay?”
Rafe felt Talia’s head nod under his chin, then she cried out again and the doctor yelled push. Rafe held her hands tightly as he watched the nurse press her hands down on Talia’s stomach as she pushed, her legs held up and apart by two other nurses. Rafe felt like he was in a nightmare. He couldn’t believe what was happening. It was all surreal. 
They pushed four more times before the doctor told them to stop. Rafe held onto Talia, as he watched the doctor turn with a small grey creature in his hands, giving it to a nurse who was standing at the ready. She wrapped it in the blue cloth she was holding, completely covering it from sight. When that nurse left, another took her place, a blue cloth in her hands. 
Talia mumbled something under him and he leaned in to listen.
“Why isn’t he crying?”
He’s supposed to cry! Rafe thought in a panic before he repeated the question to the doctor.
The doctor spared him a wary glance before he turned to Talia with a fake encouraging smile. “Ready for the next one?”
As if on cue, Talia cried out, bending over.
“Okay, when the next one hits, we all push, capisco?”
Rafe nodded, wishing he was somewhere else but here, but whispered encouraging words to Talia when the doctor ordered them to push. And with two short pushes, Talia slumped against him with a sigh of relief and the changing of hands was made again.
This one didn’t cry either.
Rafe watched as the covered boxes with his sons in them were rushed out of the room. Then there was a loud alarm and he was shoved off the bed and out of the room as they all surrounded Talia.
That’s when it sank in. She wasn’t moving, she wasn’t breathing and her heart wasn’t beating.
He stood there, staring at the closed door, without another thought in his mind.
“What’s going on? What happened?”
Rafe turned to Angelo. He was holding Carrie as she cried against his chest. 
She knows, she already knows.
“Rafe, what happened?” he demanded, his voice rising in panic.
“They are dead. They are all dead. Talia, my sons…all dead…” he mumbled before his world went dark.
* * * *
“This is a bad idea, Rafe. Think about what you are about to do,” Angelo repeated as he pulled into the driveway of the DeLuca mansion. “You’re not in the right state of mind.”
Rafe fisted his hands, pressing them to his thighs to keep from reaching for his cousin and ripping his tongue out. He’d been repeating those words like a broken record since the moment Rafe woke up and blurted out his intention. When he wouldn’t relent and had demanded for his car keys, Angelo finally gave in, offering to drive him to his destination. Though his rage was burning strong and growing with every second, his body was still weak from shock. 
Never in his life had Rafe ever blacked out, besides that one time he had a panic attack over a year ago. The fear of losing Talia was so strong, it had robbed him of all his senses. It was like his mind and body agreed to shut down and hide because he couldn’t handle the thought of Talia dying.
Rafe jumped out of the car, glad his strength was back when his legs didn’t wobble like jelly under him, because he was going to need all his strength for what he was about to do. He was going to confront his father, wring his neck, and punish him for his part in the horror that the day had turned into.
He marched into the house, Angelo dogging his feet, going on and on about what a mistake he was about to make. 
“You are making a mistake Rafe! I understand your pain, your fear but taking your frustration out on your father isn’t going to help. You should be at the hospital, waiting for the doctors, not here!”
Taking his frustration out on his father won’t help? Ha! But it will! 
Rafe’s fists tightened to the point of shaking from the strain as his father’s office door came into view. Making his father pay for what he’d done would make him feel a hell of a lot better.
Rafe heard Angelo shout for security behind him, tempting Rafe to turn around and carry through with his initial thought of ripping his tongue out. But he couldn’t waste his strength on Angelo, it was all reserved for his father.
Not bothering with the doorknob, Rafe raised his leg and kicked the door open. It slammed against the wall with a loud bang, bouncing and swinging back to close again. Rafe pushed it back and held it against the wall as he stared into his father’s startled gaze. But that only lasted a moment before he donned his cold intimidating mask.
Rafe snorted. When will he learn that doesn’t work on me anymore? He snarled at his next thought. Right now seems appropriate enough.
“Rafe, don’t!” Antonio yelled behind him.
Without a second thought, ignoring his cousin’s warnings, Rafe marched to his father’s desk. The old man didn’t even stand. He didn’t perceive Rafe as a threat as he went back to reading the documents in his hand. He was ignoring him. Rafe was about to get his attention in a big way.
Rafe stepped around the desk, grabbed him around the neck, lifted him off his leather seat, and slammed him down on his back on the oak desk as hard as he could. He cried out from the pain, his back arching up, a hint of fear passed over his face before he drew the mask back on again. His father could pretend all he liked, but Rafe had seen what he needed.
Rafe leaned over his father, bring his face close enough so that he could look straight into his eyes and see the murderous blaze burning in them. It was Rafe’s turn to intimidate. 
“I’ve done everything for you, everything you’ve asked of me and more, and this is how you repay me?” he asked in a low lethal tone.
“Rafe, basta!” Angelo yelled pulling on his hand that circled his father’s neck until Rafe lost his grip. 
The old man sat up coughing rubbing at his neck, and Rafe suddenly realized he’d been choking him. Good!
He went to lunge at him again but Angelo forcefully pulled him several feet away. Rafe fought to get out of his hold and the moment he accomplished it, the room flooded with his father’s security team. They were three bodyguards standing between him and his target, all with one hand hovering behind them and the other raised opened palmed in his direction. He knew they wouldn’t shoot him but he wouldn’t put it past his father to have them beat him up if he took a step in his direction.
Rafe’s gaze shifted between his father’s smug expression and the three bodyguards assessing. Fuck it! He’d risk it and if it came down to a fight, Angelo would have his back. Rafe took that step and so did they in his direction. 
Angelo grabbed his arm and pulled him back, moving to stand in front of him. “Calmarsi!”
Calm down? That was far from what he wanted to do at the moment! Rafe tried to move around him but Angelo pushed him back, his unyielding hand fisted in his shirt.
“Rafe! Calmarsi, per fevore!” Angelo hissed, then under his breath he said, “If you don’t want to be in a bed next to Talia, start using your head! With you out of commission they’ll be vulnerable to him.”
Rafe pulled his eyes away from his father to look at Angelo. He was mad but there was something else in his eyes. Caution. Something Rafe needed to have. They weren’t just dealing with anyone, they were dealing with Rafael DeLuca Senior, ruthless and unscrupulous when he wanted something to go his way. Talia was proof of that.
Rafe gave him a curt nod, and Angelo released his hold on his shirt.
“Figlio mio, listen to your cugino. You don’t want to cross me,” his father said harshly. “I will forgive your display here as a moment of madness but never again, capisco?” 
Rafe snarled. “That’s the last thing I want you to do. I want you to remember today and think of what would have happened if your goons hadn’t come to your rescue.”
He laughed harshly. “You dare to threaten me, all because of that whore!”
Rafe charged forward but Angelo held him back. “I know what you did, and I’m never going to forgive you for it. You’ll pay for what you did to her, I swear it!”
His father waved his hand dismissively before he sat down and went back to what he was doing before like nothing had happened, like the tension in the room didn’t exist.
“When is your wedding to Gabriella Rossi?” he asked conversationally. 
Rafe chortled, not at all surprised that his father had dismissed him like he was of no consequence, like he used to when Rafe was a child. If he didn’t believe his words, Rafe would just have to show him. Actions do speak louder than words. He was going to hit him where it hurt most.
 Rafe turned around to leave, his mind already working on a plan. “Marry her yourself!”
Chapter Seven
“Come on, wake up already!”
Talia attempted to move her head away from the incessant chanting in her ear. What the hell did Carrie want?
She tried to open her eyes, but they felt so heavy. She struggled until she finally got them to obey and quickly closed them again when she saw Carrie’s happy face looming above her.
“Here, open your mouth and drink.”
Talia didn’t argue. She felt like she had cotton stuffed in her mouth and down her throat. The cool liquid felt heavenly as she swallowed her first sip.
She opened her eyes again and looked at Carrie’s smiling face. “I’m having a nightmare,” she whispered hoarsely.
Carrie snorted. “No, we’ve been having a nightmare. It’s about damn time you woke up, you selfish bitch!”
Talia’s mouth fell open. “What did I do?”
“You were in a coma for a month, that’s what you did!”
“What?”
Talia was even more shocked by that revelation than the hostility. She looked around, as far as she could see beyond Carrie’s body straddling her, and then she stopped, dread filling her. She pressed her hand to her stomach. She was empty!
“My babies, where are my babies!”
Carrie’s face softened. “Calm down Talia.”
“Tell me!”
“Angelo, get her off her please,” Rafe’s commanding voice filled the room. 
She then saw Angelo, who smiled at her and quickly lifted Carrie away, ignoring her protests. 
Rafe stepped forward, sinking onto the chair at her bedside as he looked at her intently. He then took her hand and raised it to his lips pressing a lingering kiss to her knuckles. 
“I thought you would never wake up, cara mia.”
Talia blinked a few times to make sure she was seeing straight. Never had she seen him so disheveled. Even when he was scruffy he never looked this tousled. His clothes looked like they’d been slept in for days. Half his face was covered with a beard and the other half covered by his long hair. He looked scruffy, and more like a hippy and less like a cutthroat tycoon. Yes, he looked very sexy but just not like Rafe.
“Rafe…what happened to you?”
He chuckled. “You, carissima, happened to me.”
Talia was confused by that. “Umm, sorry?”
He laughed, kissing her hand again. “You are forgiven. How do you feel? I should get the doctor.”
“Wait,” she cried out, stopping him when he moved to stand. “The babies, where are they? Please tell me they are alive.”
“Si, they are alive and well. They miss their madre.”
Talia sobbed with relief, her vision blurred with the tears. “They are all right? The tests...”
She watched a muscle twitch in his clenched jaw. He was angry. She just hoped the anger wasn’t because there was something wrong with the twins.
“Rafe, you’re scaring me.”
“Mi scusi, yes, the tests came back clean but we will have to wait and see how they grow. Just as a precaution,” he rushed to assure her, and she guessed it was because the fear she felt in her heart was written on her face.
“Can I see them?”
He snorted. “Once your mother stops hovering over them like a vulture!”
Carrie laughed. “He means once your mother stops being over-protective of them.”
Talia groaned. “My mother is here? I’ll be lucky if she lets me near them.”
“Say the word and I’ll have her deported.”
Talia laughed at the hope in Rafe’s tone. “No, that won’t be necessary.”
His face fell and he grumbled under his breath making her laugh harder. She hadn’t laughed so hard since the day he left her.
“So, by you amorous affection, I’m to take it that you believe me, that you are our sons’ father and I never cheated on you?”
He nodded, tears flooding his eyes. “Mi scusi, forgive me for doubting you. Thank you for them.”
“It’s all right. Everything is as it should be now. There is no use in dwelling on the past.”
 “Don’t be so hasty to forgive, my dear, he hasn’t told you the whole truth yet.” 
Talia turned to her mother’s voice. She stood by the door, pushing a long stroller. Talia felt giddily happy, like a kid on Christmas day anxious to open her gifts.
“My babies. I want my babies.”
Without a word, Rafe stood up and moved to where her mother stood. They stared at each other until her mother turned her head away. Rafe took the stroller from her and pushed it towards the bed. 
Talia sat up in bed with brimming excitement.
Rafe smiled at her—his little boy smile—before he bent down cooing in Italian. There was a soft whine that resembled that of a cat that Rafe hushed with his soft words. He then stood, turning around to reveal a baby as large as his hand.
“Come meet your mommy, my little one,” he cooed, placing the baby in Talia’s waiting arms.
It felt like heaven holding her son in her arms. Her chest was ready to burst with joy knowing they had made it, against all odds. She remembered how hard she fought to keep the doctor’s from giving her a C-section. They’d called Rafe as reinforcements. He had readily permitted the procedure, ignoring her protests but that decision was taken out of both their hands when the boys decided to come into the world at that precise moment.
She looked at Rafe, her other son in his arms. He must have been so scared, she thought.  
His entire family was at death’s door, and he had been powerless and helpless to come to their aid. She didn’t envy him the weeks he spent in absolute fear as he waited for them to get better.
“I’m sorry,” she managed through her constricted throat.
He shook his head as he sat close to her. Talia stroked the pink cheek of the baby he held.
“No, I’m sorry. Everything that has happened to you, to our sons, is all my fault.”
Talia heard her mother snort a retort, “Good of you to finally admit it.”
“Mother,” Talia pleaded.
“No! This man has been the cause of all your misfortune. It’s his fault you were drugged and raped,” her voice hitched at the last part and she went quiet.
In fact, the entire room went quiet, as everyone looked at Talia.
She knew what they expected—dismay, accusations, tears and screaming. But being in a coma seemed to have its advantage. All those puzzle pieces that had been floating around in her mind, the nightmares, the hospital and the secrets, they now all fit together. They made sense because she could remember. 
She looked at Rafe. He looked tortured and seemed to have aged the few minutes her mother had been in the room.
Carefully cradling her son in one arm, she lifted the other and cupped his cheek in her hand. “Rafe look at me.” He didn’t. He turned to press a kiss in her palm. “Please look at me.” When he finally did, she smiled at him. “I wasn’t raped.”
The hope in his eyes was quickly extinguished by her mother’s outburst, “How would you know, you were unconscious.”
Talia sighed and turned to her mother. “When you left the hospital to go change your clothes, the doctor came in and explained why I was there. Remember, you refused to?” 
Her mother huffed and turned her face away. Talia chortled at the antics then went on, for Rafe’s sake.
“He told me Carrie found my front door wide open and my home wrecked. He thought my home had been burglarized and because of the state my lingerie was in, he wanted to carry out a rape test. Apparently my mother refused to consent to one.”
“I noticed she likes to ignore issues until they are too late to fix,” Rafe whispered with a shadow of a smile.
Talia returned the smile. “No, not too late, until the time arrives when she can use it against you.” 
“I heard that!” her mother huffed.
“Anyway, what I’m trying to say is the test came back negative. I wasn’t raped.” 
Rafe let out a relieved sigh.
“And I finally met your brother Renaldo. Quite a character that one, and his friend…wow!” Talia hated to cloud his relief.
Rafe’s jaw clenched. “As of a month ago, I traded that family for a new one, my own. We’ll be leaving for Boston as soon as you are well enough.”
Talia wanted to ask the question that was bound to nag her every second of the day if she didn’t, but the look on Rafe’s face advised her against it. Once everything had calmed down, she would ask him, but for the time being, she wanted to enjoy her new family.
Chapter Eight
Months later…
Talia waited until they were a few feet away from the nursery before she spoke. “You know you don’t have to come back to Boston with me.”
Carrie pouted. “How can I not? You’re my best friend, and I love you.”
“But you love him too.”
She nodded with a heavy sigh.
Who would have thought Carrie and Angelo would fall for each other? They were complete opposites with nothing in common. He was always serious, and Carrie was only serious at work, the rest of the time Talia always wondered if she was auditioning for court jester.
But their friends with benefits relationship that had begun when she was in a coma, knowing Carrie maybe before—Carrie had always used sex to forget situations that scared her, ever since her parents’ died in a car accident—had blossomed into a serious relationship. They were genuinely happy together. And that was to end just because Rafe wanted to move his family to the States, no way!
Talia looked at her left hand, where her wedding ring sat on her third finger and smiled. They were married a week after she was released from the hospital with just Carrie, Angelo and the twins as witnesses. Her mother had flown back home the same day she woke up from her coma when Talia wouldn’t punish Rafe for his father’s mistakes.
Carrie was right, her mother was jaded. And if Talia hadn’t followed Rafe, there was a huge chance she would have been the same way twenty-five years later. Her mother needed to heal from what her father had done before she could let anyone else in. Talia included. 
Rafe had told her about his father’s ploy and Renaldo’s part in it. He had expected Talia to blame him, hate him even, but after all she’d gone through, she saw it wasn’t worth it. Yes, she was angry, but not at Rafe, at his family. 
As terrible as it may sound, it made everything easier knowing that his family wouldn’t be coming over to their home for Sunday dinners and such. He had cut off all contact with them. She felt a little guilty that all his mother’s calls had gone unanswered. Once Renaldo had spent the night outside the main gates, begging to be let in so that he could apologize but Rafe ignored him. She found it hard to sleep that night but Rafe didn’t.
That side of him frightened her. She needed to do something about it.
They were sitting in the large living room snacking when the doorbell rang. Carrie stood up and went to the monitor at the door that showed a view of the main gate several meters away and yelled, “Talia, you’ll never guess who’s at your door!” 
“Who?”
“The Adam’s family. The nerve of these people! I’ll tell them to leave.”
“No,” Talia took a moment to think about what she was doing before she stood up and walked out to the foyer. “Let them in.”
“What?” Carrie exclaimed in shock.
“Signora…” the butler began his protest, but Talia shook her head silencing him.
“How long are we going to hide from them? It’s time to face the dragon, Lorenzo.”
“And signore?”
Carrie crossed her arms over her chest. “Yeah, Signore Rafe will blow his top when he finds out you let them into your house. And what if they are here to pick another fight and Rafe isn’t here to back you up?”
“You’re all the backup I need and, besides, it’s time I face them on my own.”
Carrie cursed under her breath and pressed the button by the door that opened the gate. “Lorenzo, why don’t you eavesdrop and if you think we need help, call Rafe and Angelo.”
“Si signorina,” he answered, disappearing down the long hallway.
Talia loved Rafe’s dream home, except for the fact that it was too big and too hotel like. She’d been working to make it more of a home, even though they wouldn’t be living in it long.
Talia listened as a car pulled up and doors opened and shut before the engine revved again as the valet drove the car to the guest parking. The Chinese door knocker rapped on the large Chinese door three times before Lorenzo appeared again—the phone in his hand—and pulled the heavy door open revealing four people.
“Wonderful!” Carrie mumbled next to her.
Why, Talia couldn’t understand but she was consumed with the intense desire to laugh. 
She bit her lips closed and swallowed the laugh before she spoke, “Signore and Signora DeLuca, Renaldo and of course Gabriella, welcome to my home.”
Carrie snorted, crossing her arms over her chest.
“Please come into the living room,” Talia continued, ignoring her.
“Aren’t you the perfect hostess,” Carrie’s snide comment was followed by her stomping into the living room.
Talia swallowed another urge to laugh as the group followed Carrie and she took up the rear. She shook her head and prayed for strength before she followed.
Renaldo and his mother were seated with their heads down on the lavish couch with their backs to the large window and Signore DeLuca sat adjacent to them on the seat Rafe had declared his, facing the exit of the room.
 It was a good thing Rafe isn’t here, she thought with a sigh.
And Princess Gabriella stood behind him by the fireplace looking like she was bored already. 
Talia moved into the room to stand next to Carrie who was staring them all down like she was waiting for them to attack.
“So, as much as I’m honored by your visit, why are you here?”
“Honored? More like plagued!” Carrie retorted.
Rafe’s father shot out of the chair. “I’ve had enough of your snide remarks, young lady!”
“Well then, allow me to show you to the door!” Carrie yelled back.
“Honestly, you people have no respect,” Gabriella commented dryly.
“What do you mean ‘you people’?” Carrie challenged, taking a step towards her.
Talia held onto Carrie’s arm. “Okay, there will be no fighting. I already had one home trashed, I’m not willing to have another.”
Renaldo cringed visibly at her comment, his hands held tightly in his lap. It was hard to believe that he was related to Rafe. His father was a monster but she could see his relation to Rafe in their cruel temperament but Renaldo, he seemed adopted.
“Signora DeLuca, how may I help you?” Talia asked, making the lady look up from her lap.
She looked at her husband for a moment then back to her lap. She straightened her skirt and cleared her throat before she looked up at Talia. “We need your help.”
“Well well well,” Carrie started in a sing song voice, “Why would that be?”
Signore DeLuca’s hands fisted at his sides at Carrie’s taunt. Talia chose to ignore it, dragging her to the couch that sat opposite the one Renaldo and his mother occupied and forcefully brought Carrie down to sit beside her.
“Why do you need my help?”
Signora DeLuca looked unsurely at her husband who’d taken his seat before she looked back at Talia. 
Talia gave her an encouraging smile to proceed, hoping Carrie would keep her mouth shut.
“Rafael left the company two months ago taking Angelo with him and over half the staff. He started a rival company that all our clients have moved to. Even the investors have pulled out, opting to join Rafe.” She swallowed visibly, blinking back tears. 
All that in just two months? Well, Rafe had always been an overachiever and determined. Like a dog with a bone.
Talia felt sorry for her. The woman was caught between her husband’s crime and her son’s revenge. She hadn’t deluded herself as to think Rafe would let it go just because she’d asked him to. She knew he was up to something, just not something so extreme. But it shouldn’t shock her. When he thought she’d cheated on him with Renaldo and Alex, he’d left her destitute. He’d taken everything except the house which she’d just finished paying off with half of her savings. 
She knew Rafe’s wrath when he was wronged, all too well. She didn’t envy them.
“Why is Gabriella here?”
“Alex is my brother,” she responded with a maliciously satisfied look on her face.
Talia took a deep breath to calm her. She still had nightmares about him. She could hear his voice, as he taunted her, promising to do disgusting things to her. Each time, she woke up with Rafe rocking her in his arms, and his anger would climb a notch higher.
Oh boy! “What do you want me to do?”
Signora DeLuca scooted to the edge of the couch. “Speak to him, plead with him not to ruin us. The Boston office is already closing down and soon the one here. Think of all those people losing their jobs over something so trivial.”
“What?” Carrie exclaimed, leaping off the couch.
“Trivial?” Talia repeated. “Your son and his friend attacked me in my home, attempted to rape me after doing god knows what already to my unconscious body, shoot me up with drugs that could still be harmful to my children and ruined my relationship with Rafe. You consider that trivial? I almost died, my twins almost died, and you call that trivial!”
Talia was unable to control her anger much longer. She stood up and called for Lorenzo. “Thank you for your visit but I believe it’s time for you to leave!”
Signora DeLuca visibly panicked. “Wait, I didn’t mean to say trivial, what I meant—”
“I’m sorry.” Renaldo’s quiet voice filled the room, “You weren’t meant to be hurt. I didn’t know what my father and Alex had planned…if I had I would have done something to stop it—”
“Renaldo,” Talia interrupted him, “thank you for protecting me from Alex but that doesn’t change what you did, at least not to Rafe. He wants justice, no, revenge, and he won’t stop until he feels satisfied. I already talked to him about this but he’s not going to change his mind.”
“Of course not, you’ve poisoned my son against me!” Signore DeLuca yelled, making his wife and son jump. It was quite clear they’d lived in fear of this man for years. 
“No, signore, it’s entirely your fault that your son is on a rampage. This is your mess, clean it up yourself. Now, please, leave my home.”
“Please!” Signora DeLuca pleaded, tagging at Talia’s heart. 
How could she explain to this lady that nothing she said would sway Rafe?
Talia sat back down. “All right. You and your son can stay but the rest have to leave now, or you are on your own.”
Signore DeLuca grunted, leaving the room with an air of importance, Gabriella right behind him. When the main door had closed behind them, Talia watched the two left behind visibly relax.
Well, she couldn’t take what he did to her personally if he was a monster to his own family. 
“Signora—”
“Please, call me Marta.”
“Marta, you do know there is nothing I can do? Rafe has a mind of his own.”
She nodded. “I know, but we didn’t come here for that.”
Talia exchanged a confused look with Carrie. “You didn’t come here to plead for your company?”
“No. That man and his friend deserve everything that’s coming to them!” she spat out.
“I don’t understand.”
“Gabriella’s father knew that Rafe had lost interest in his daughter so he had Rafe followed. He was the one who told my husband about you and they hatched the plan to—” She stopped, unable to say the words that tasted like bile in Talia’s own mouth. “Renaldo has always wanted his father’s approval, the same prideful affection he gives to Rafe.” 
She took her son’s hand and smiled at him. “Rafe was a born leader, everything came naturally to him. He surpassed every hurdle, every obstacle like they were nothing but an annoyance. He was just a teenager when he stood up to his father, demanding he let him live his life as he pleased. Not an easy task to come out of unscathed. But Renaldo has always struggled and that’s why his father ignores him. He’s wanted nothing but Rafael’s approval that’s why he does everything he is asked, but the man still ignores him.”
“Your husband’s name is Rafael?” Talia already knew that but she just couldn’t marry the two owners together. Someone actually called Mr. DeLuca Rafael.
She nodded. “It’s the DeLuca family tradition to name the first son after his father.”
Talia cleared her throat. “Consider that tradition broken. Rafe didn’t want either of the boys named Rafael. He even can’t stand being referred to as Rafael. It’s Rafe and he won’t answer to anything else. I found it odd but now I understand.”
Marta’s face brightened. “Boys? Oh they must be lovely! May I see them?”
Talia wasn’t sure what to say but she knew Rafe’s answer instantly. He’d kill her if he found out she’d let his mother near his sons. 
He always referred to them as his sons when they argued over this same topic. It both endeared him to her more and annoyed her. She did all the work and he laid claim. Men!
With a placating smile, she said, “Why don’t we finish up here first? You still haven’t told me what exactly you want me to do.”
Marta nodded. “We’d like to plead with you to ask Rafael—Rafe to give Renaldo work. I see my mistake now. By keeping Renaldo close to me I’ve made him weak. But if he was to spend time with Rafe, he will be a strong man and finally come to his own, I just know it!”
Talia heard the hope in her voice but she couldn’t help but feel distrust. “How do I know this isn’t another scheme your husband concocted?”
She shook her head vigorously. “He doesn’t know it yet but we’ve left him. I had my trusted maid pack our things. They are probably just arriving outside your estate with all our belongings, which isn’t much. I don’t want Rafael coming after us.”
Oh boy! Rafe was going to kill her.
“Walking dead.” Carrie chuckled next to her.
Talia sighed and took a deep breath. “What about you, Renaldo, why should I trust you?”
Renaldo paled. “You don’t have a reason to. I’ve hated Rafe for being the man I never was instead of trying to be that man. But I need his help to do that. All I can say is that I’m sorry and I’ll do everything I can to earn your forgiveness.”
Marta patted his hand with approval then turned to Talia. “Are you going to help us?”
“Yes. Especially since you guys are already moving in.” They clearly left her with no other choice but t help.
Marta visibly blushed. “Why would you help us?”
Talia smiled. “Because I love him. It won’t take long for him to see what he’s doing is wrong but by then it would be too late for the both of you and your company employees. As angry as he is, I know his rage is directed towards his father and he’s not thinking about the collateral damage right now. But when he finally does, the guilt will eat him alive. I just have to make him see that now.”
* * * *
Rafe walked into his home feeling very pleased with himself. His revenge was finally complete, and soon the Rossi and DeLuca names would be nothing. They would disappear like an unfounded rumor. And then he’d rebuild the DeLuca name clean of all his father’s evil.
He patted Angelo on the back. “Come cugino, let’s celebrate!”
Angelo shook his head. “Rafe, there is nothing to celebrate—”
Rafe raised his hand and cut him off as he walked towards the bar sitting at the far end of the living room. “Not now, Angelo. You can be my conscious tomorrow morning after I’ve drunk my scotch, kissed my sons, and made passionate love to my wife.”
“I can see the first two happening, but I’m not sure about the last.”
Rafe turned to his wife’s voice with a smile. She looked lovely leaning against the doorway with a radiant smile on her face. He couldn’t believe the same woman had almost died two months ago. 
How am I so lucky?
He beckoned her with two fingers and she strutted towards him. When she was a foot away, he grabbed and pulled her into his embrace where he trapped her with his arms. “Why do you not think so mia moglie?”
She sighed closing her eyes. “I love it when you say that the way you say it.”
He leaned down, brushing his lips against hers and whispered huskily, “How is that, mia moglie?”
She wrapped her arms around his neck. “Like you are about to make mad passionate love to me.”
“Ah, then you are very right,” and with that, he took her lips in a fierce kiss, feeling the rest of his body awaken with desire. 
He’d been forced to restrain himself for the past two weeks. He’d wanted to take her countless times, surrendering to his basest desires, but he understood. The twins exhausted her the entire day and he exhausted her when he came home. Talia never complained, willing to give her time to him even though it was just to have a conversation. She was an angel.
She pulled away with a giggle. “Down boy, we have an audience.”
Rafe nuzzled his face in her neck, pressing her hips into his to rub his arousal against her. “The audience may leave at any time if they feel uncomfortable.”
Talia pulled away and he whined. She laughed. “Yes, but we have something to discuss.” She took his hand and pulled him to the couch. 
“Here we go,” Carrie whispered to Angelo, pulling him to sit on the couch across from them.
Rafe looked at Carrie and Talia as they looked at each other and he had a bad feeling. “What is it?” he demanded more forcefully than he intended.
Talia climbed to sit on his lap. “Don’t be mad,” she started.
Rafe groaned. “I’m not going to like this, am I?”
She shook her head. “Your mother and Renaldo are in the guest house.”
“What?” He tried to lift Talia off him, but she wound her arms around his neck, quickly straddled him, and wrapped her legs around his waist. “Talia…”
“Before you storm the guest house in a murderous rage and kick your mother and brother to the curb hear me out.”
Rafe dropped his hands to the side, refusing to touch her as she continued to speak.
“They told me what you are doing. Rafe, other people who aren’t your father and Rossi are getting hurt. Did you think of the countless people your revenge is robbing of their livelihood?”
Rafe refused to answer her. Of course he knew there were people who didn’t deserve his wrath. But his rage had blinded him, refusing to listen to what Angelo, and his own conscious were telling him.
“Your mother has left your father. She brought Renaldo here so you could help him be the man you are, minus the ill temper.”
Rafe snorted at her attempt at humor.
“Rafe, you need to stop what you are doing. You need to forgive before you turn into your father.”
“I can’t forgive what they did. They have to pay for what they’ve done to my family!” he snarled, punching the cushions.
“As much as you don’t want to admit it, they are your family too. And if you look at it, everything that was done was done to me, my body—”
“My sons—” She cut off his protest by pressing a finger to his lips.
“My body, they just had the misfortune of being inside me at the time. I’ve forgiven your brother, why can’t you? He needs your help to become a better man. Think of him as your practice dummy for when the boys grow up.”
Rafe begrudgingly accepted that she was right but his pride wasn’t going to let him admit it out loud, so he stayed silent.
She chuckled, pressing a quick kiss to his lips. “I’m glad you agree.” Then she climbed off him and strode out of the living room.
 “Where are you going?” he called out.
“To get your mother and brother.”
Carrie chuckled shaking her head. “Man, you are so whipped!”
Rafe crossed his arms over his chest. “Damn woman! Gets me to do things I don’t want to!” he grumbled.
“So this means the revenge is over?” Angelo asked hopefully.
Rafe groaned. “Not yet. We’ll keep at it until we can buy them both out. You’ll take over Rossi and rename it DeLuca then we’ll merge and give everyone affected their jobs back.”
“Bene! I knew you would make the right decision!” 
Carrie snorted a laugh. “Did you miss the last five minutes? He didn’t make any decision, Talia did. I always knew she wore the pants in this family, as much as she would like everyone to think Rafe does.”
Rafe narrowed his eyes at her. “At least I’m not the only DeLuca controlled by a woman.” He looked pointedly at Angelo.
Angelo shook his head. “Non, cugino, I’m the man in this relationship.”
Carrie cooed, pinching Angelo’s cheek. “Aren’t you cute to think so?”
Rafe laughed outright at Angelo’s confused expression. He hadn’t noticed it yet but Rafe had. Why else had Angelo been living in his guestroom with Carrie since Talia had been released from hospital?
Angelo and Carrie turned to face the approaching footsteps and Rafe knew reckoning had arrived.
He stood up and turned to face his mother and brother. Of course Renaldo was standing behind their mother, still using her as a shield. Rafe snorted, shaking his head. 
Talia who had already moved to stand next to him, walked to the duo to pull Renaldo forward, away from their mother. Renaldo blushed for a moment before he stood up straighter, like he was in an army line awaiting inspection by his superior.
Talia came to stand next to Rafe, wrapping her arm around his waist and whispered, “Go easy on him.” 
“Why should I give either of you a chance?” Rafe demanded in a harsh tone.
Renaldo moved a step forward. “I know I’ve wronged both of you and I’m ready to earn your forgiveness. Whatever it takes.”
Rafe raise his brow at Renaldo’s assertive tone. He’d never heard it before. It was a wonderful surprise. Despite being a mess, he truly loved his brother and he suddenly wished he’d been there for him more while they grew up. He was four years older than Renaldo, yet they were practically raised separately—Renaldo behind their mother’s skirts and Rafe under their father’s cold directive. 
“Va bene, but I’m not doing this for you. I’m doing this for mia moglie.”
“But why?” His mother spoke for the first time, stepping forward to stand beside Renaldo. “Earlier she wasn’t sure she could convince you to even speak to us.”
Why indeed?
Rafe looked down at Talia. The love in her eyes made his heart want to explode. God he loved this woman and he would readily do as she asked! Hell, he’d already sent his mother-in-law an airline ticket.
He hugged her tighter against his side. “Because Talia loved me enough not to give up on us. She followed me here, interrupted my wedding, and forced me to acknowledge not only her but also our sons as vital needs in my life.” He caressed her cheek with the back of his free hand, catching a stray tear with his thumb. “Because she’s forgiven my family for the harm they have caused her, despite the terror she still faces in her nightmares. Because she’s forgiven me for the harm I caused her when I was made to believe she had betrayed me, when I failed to protect her. Because she is my heart, my soul and my life.”
He pulled Talia to stand in front of him and he pressed his forehead to hers as he held her tightly in his embrace. “Because I love her.” 
Did you enjoy Because I Love Him? Read the prequel story His Safe Haven.

Chapter One
Rafael DeLuca looked out the window and watched as the beautiful city of Boston came up to meet him as the plane made its descent. The city’s night lights sparkled like diamonds. As the plane got lower, he could see those very lights dancing in the ocean water. He’d never seen anything more breathtaking. He smiled to himself. Truthfully, he did. It was even more beautiful than Italy, his home. 
He sighed heavily. He would miss his home, his yacht and his weekend sailing trips, the best parts of his week, but he’d been promised he’d be able to do the same here. Hence why he had chosen these offices to inspect. 
He’d been looking forward to this trip more than anyone could understand. Rafe unbuttoned his shirt to the mid of his chest and pushed the sleeves higher around his elbows, relishing the freedom. He’d barely made it onto the plane with his sanity in check, and now, thousands of miles away, he still felt suffocated. But that would soon change.
Restlessness crawled through him and vibrated under his skin. How much longer until we land? he wondered, looking at his wrist watch, seeing nothing but a ticking hand and numbers. He was stuck in his senses, the ones that told him the plane was slowly shrinking in size, closing in around him. He fought the urge to claw at his neck as a phantom fist closed around his throat and settled for digging his fingernails into the palms of his hands. Just a little while longer, he told himself. A few more minutes and he would be able to breathe freely again.
His private plane was about to land in a different country, on a different continent, away from the headaches of family and the pressures of being a DeLuca. Once the plane touched the ground, he would make his way straight to the harbor and spend his night floating in the Atlantic waters, open and freeing and not closed and claustrophobic, and finally just breathe easy. He couldn’t ask for more. That very thought eased the restlessness, its tenacious grip around his chest disappearing just as the plane’s walls moved back in place and he inhaled a slow easy breath of cabin air.
He fastened his seat belt and waited for the plane’s wheels to hit the runway. With his home sanctuary invaded, he’d been left with nowhere else to run but here or New York. He opted out of the latter because Gabriella loved it there and the last thing he wanted was an unexpected visit from her. Not that she wouldn’t follow him here if inclined to do so, but there was nothing she hated more than humidity and water. Another plus to having a water bound sanctuary.
“Signore.”
Rafe turned to his personal assistant sitting on the other side of the Embraer Lineage 1000. Though fitted for long business trips, it was still as luxurious as his standards demanded. Another one of his favorite toys, as described by his younger brother Renaldo. One other thing, besides the yacht and Rafe’s Ferrari collections, he wasn’t allowed to touch. Just thinking about that ragazzo annoyed Rafe. The boy was fine with being mediocre, leaving the burden of the family empire solely on Rafe’s shoulders. The curse of being born first.
“Signore, your local assistant will be meeting us at the airport to send us straight to the hotel.”
Rafe looked at his Bvlgari watch on his left wrist and then back at his PA with a raised brow. “At this time of the night?” 
He nodded. “Si, Signore.”
Rafe groaned inwardly. That was the last thing he wanted. The whole point of arriving at two in the morning was to not meet anyone. He was looking forward to some time alone after months of having everyone in his face, especially his family and Gabriella. Even his treasured weekends had been stolen from him. One stress free day alone was all he was asking for. There was no way he was giving it up.
He waved his hand at this PA in refusal and turned to look back out the window. “Send them away, Enzo. I won’t be available to anyone until tomorrow.” Rafe turned back to him with a look that said he wasn’t up to discussing the issue further and with a hard tone added, “Capisci?”
Enzo leaned back into his seat. “Si Signore.”
Rafe bounced slightly in his seat as the plane wheels touched the runway. He undid his seatbelt and waited impatiently as the plane taxied in, his longing for solitude growing with each passing second.
“Is the yacht ready at the harbor?” he asked, his fingers tapping repeatedly on the arm chair.
“Si Signore ma...”
“But what?” Rafe demanded, and maybe too loudly by how far up Enzo jumped from his seat, his eyes widening a fraction too big.
Rafe knew all his employees were afraid of him. They nicknamed him il terremoto, the terror, or earthquake. Apparently he shook them to their very core with fear whenever he was around, but he didn’t care. He was their boss, not their friend. With his father letting go of the reins more and more, a thousand plus employees, including his own family’s livelihood, all depended on him. If being a terror made sure the companies remained successful, then the rest was inconsequential. 
“It’s aah—it’s not as grande as you are used to.”
Rafe raised an intolerant eyebrow in response.
“But I can find a replacement by the time you wake up,” he added quickly.
Rafe sighed, closed his eyes and rubbed his right brow with his right thumb. “Quanto è piccolo?”
“Not too small.”
Rafe opened his eyes, sat straight and glared at him.
“It’s no DeLuca.”
The DeLuca yacht was an Azzam that his family owned. They did more party hosting on it than anything else. They’d never taken it out on a family trip. In fact, Rafe couldn’t remember ever taking a family trip in all his thirty five years. The short trips they took around the world as vacations never included his father. When he did come, it was because he had business in that country or city. His mother worked hard to make them act like a family. Rafe inwardly applauded her efforts, but he wished she would stop trying anymore. It was heartbreaking to watch, and, quite frankly, he didn’t have the time, nor the energy, to spare for the charade.
“What is it?” Rafe asked with an edge in his voice.
Enzo quickly raised his phone that was forever stuck in his hand and browsed through it. “Absolute Nevetta 58,” he rapped out.
Rafe nodded. He owned a good part of the Absolute series, the 58 too, but the 73 was his favorite. “It will do.”
Enzo sighed to his relief, his entire body deflating as the tension left him. Rafe snorted at that overreaction. Enzo was new to his pool of assistance and the only one without a workload to oversee, hence free to travel with Rafe. He would have preferred taking one of those he’s worked a long time with, but this trip was unexpected, so unfortunately, he was stuck with this easily spooked man. He needed to learn how to master his emotions and monitor his reactions if he had any chance of lasting longer than he already had. This trip would be good for him to start learning.
When the plane came to a complete stop Rafe stood. “You can go to the hotel with whomever they sent. Just have a car send me to the harbor.”
“Si Signore,” he responded, standing up and heading to the cockpit.
His day of freedom was here. Rafe smiled to himself, with no one to bug him. He couldn’t wait.
****
Talia McKenna stood on the airport tarmac next to the driver, her arms wrapped tightly around her shivering body. Her mouth opened with a long loud yawn. She couldn’t smother that one, unlike the hundred others that came before, she’d been able to hold in. Who would arrive in the dead of the early morning night and expect a greeting party? A DeLuca of course. And not just any DeLuca, the DeLuca.
Talia was still having a hard time believing that she’d been appointed as a glorified tour guide to Rafael DeLuca II. Nobody called him junior and, from what she’d heard, it was akin to calling a shark cute and cuddly. Unlike his father, Rafael DeLuca Senior, who was cold and ruthless and with questionable business ethics, baby shark here was on the up and up and sadly for everyone else, not easy to read nor predict. 
He had come out of nowhere, surpassing his father in a blink of an eye and with a company that had been long declared and widely considered dead for almost a decade. A blow to Senior’s ego, Talia was sure. It would explain why he was loudly and very publicly handing over the reins. Talia was no shrink, but the way he kept throwing lavish parties to announce that he had set everything up for his son to continue his accomplishments said a lot. It didn’t help much that his son doubled profits within a year of taking over every company his father ‘handed over’. The DeLuca Empire had ten billion dollar companies with branches in numerous countries, hers being one of them, and tens more investments all over the world just as lucrative. With that kind of reputation, she reluctantly admitted he deserved a welcome party in the middle of the night. She just wished it wasn’t her doing the welcoming.
Talia rubbed her hands together and blew into them before placing them back around her in a tighter hug. They said it was an assistant position, but she knew better. The man travelled with a posse; he didn’t need an assistant. What the suits really wanted her to do was spy on him. Apparently, this visit was sudden and clearly unexpected since she was hired—she snorted, forcefully appointed was more like it—that very evening. 
The fact that she spoke Italian made her the perfect candidate. She could have said no, but a green light for her project and the promotion that came with it were at stake. But, she came to realize, it was also a very good opportunity. If she got the great DeLuca to say yes to her project, she could stop kissing those old fat asses and get to work. As she stood in the freezing night cold, she was going to let that thought warm her up.
Talia was looking to start a global internship program that would allow disadvantaged young women from anywhere in the world to intern at all the DeLuca International offices, their holdings and companies they invested in, located all the world. It would allow them to expand their horizons, learn new languages, afford them equalized opportunities and travel to places they could only dream of all on the company’s dime. The program would serve the giant global company well too. A PR golden goose, as far as Talia was concerned.
Talia looked at her wrist watch then up at the sky. “What’s taking them so long?” Her teeth chattered together as her body shivered to shake off the cold.
“He’s here,” Joe, the company driver, spoke next to her, pointing up.
Talia looked at him before following his white gloved finger’s direction. He didn’t look the least bit cold. The dude was tall and packed with muscle, or fat, she wasn’t sure which one. The long cotton wool coat that made up his chauffeur uniform covered a lot. She understood chivalry must be numb in this cold but at least he could have offered her those gloves. 
She looked at those white cotton, warmed thanks to his body heat gloves with an envious sigh, her hands tucked under her armpits. She could kill for those gloves. She looked him over again. What would be her chances if she were to tackle him and snatch them off him?
“He’ll be landing any minute now,” Joe added, pulling her attention to what mattered.
Talia watched the dot of light grow larger and heard the sound that began as a whisper grow louder as the object of their attention drew nearer and lower. How had Joe spotted that? She could easily have mistaken it for a star. But who cares? She was finally going to get out of this damn cold.
“Finally!” she cheered, jumping up and down to get her blood pumping. She couldn’t meet the DeLuca as a popsicle. 
In less than three minutes the plane touched down on the runway and made its way to the tarmac they stood at. 
“Did you know that’s his plane?” Joe asked. The awe in his voice told her he was more telling her than asking her.
“You mean the company plane?”
He shook his head and turned to look at her for a second before his eyes moved back to the taxing plane. There was actually a twinkle in his eye as he stared wide eyed at the aircraft.
“Nope. That’s his!” he announced proudly like only a fan would. “That’s an Embraer Lineage 1000, custom fitted and designed for him. Just like his yacht and car collections. They say he is the only one who owns the entire Absolute Nevatta collection. And he doesn’t drive anything but Ferrari, a different one each week. All stored in a hundred thousand square foot warehouse with security that rivals a bank vault.”
Talia snorted, she wouldn’t expect anything less. That one warehouse probably held over a billion dollars in machinery. As ridiculous as it seemed to own that much in cars and yachts, oh and planes, and probably a helicopter—with all that he owned she wouldn’t put it past him to have a helicopter—she couldn’t help but smile at Joe’s enthusiasm. He was no fan, he was a groupie. They called them sesangs in South Korea—obsessive fans.
“What’s an Absolute Nevatta?”
The look Joe gave her was similar to the one parents get when they ask their children what K-Pop is. 
“Yachts,” he responded shortly. 
The only thing left for him to do was say ‘OMG’ and flip his hair over his shoulder as he turned away from her, his snobby chin up in the air.
She nodded, stifling a smile, and turned back to look at the plane that had slowed down as it was coming to a stop. “Gotcha.”
“How do you not know that? You reserved one for him just a few hours ago.”
Ha? Talia turned to Joe a little shocked. This was the first she had heard of it. “I did?”
He nodded slowly with an even more incredulous look on his face. 
She definitely didn’t, but she was sure it was one of his army of assistants. She sighed, an army she was now an honorary member of. 
“Well then, at least we’re sure he’ll like it.”
She made a little cheer when the plane came to a stop around a hundred feet away from them. After a few minutes, the door opened, and a step of stairs appeared as it lowered. Someone who looked like a pilot stepped out first. Following close behind was a man holding something in his arm pressed against his chest as he descended the steps.
“What are the chances he came alone?” Talia asked as she watched the man approach them.
“Not a chance. From what I heard, he travels with an entourage of around ten people. But judging by the size of the plane, probably five.”
Right, because all groupies knew how their object of obsession travelled. Talia just hoped the one who’d been planning for their arrival before the responsibility had suddenly been thrown on her lap knew this. The bosses said everything had been taken care of and, considering she had no idea a yacht had been reserved, she really hoped they were right. She didn’t even know where he was staying. She really hoped Joe did. She couldn’t believe how clueless she was.
“Joe,” she began as the figure drew closer, “you do know which hotel they are staying at, right?”
“You don’t?”
At the risk of sounding unprofessional, she admitted, “No. I had already clocked out when they called about our guest here.”
He nodded. “Me too. But yes, I do know.”
She sighed her relief. “Good. At least one of us does.” 
She pulled out her phone from her pants right pocket and tapped on the screen. Nothing yet. Peeved, she opened her mail app and quickly shot out another email to the executive secretary asking for the full itinerary, copying all the bosses who had been on that conference call appointing her tour guide. She didn’t care who she woke up. If she was awake at this devil hour of now two thirty in the morning, standing in this cold windy airport, the least they could do was share the information that even the driver had and she didn’t.
“Ms McKenna?”
Talia looked up at the heavy Italian accented and clearly tired voice. The man looked haggard and even more tired than he sounded. But he was certainly not Rafael DeLuca. She was sure every woman with a pulse knew what the shark looked like. He was an office obsession. More than a few women had him as their office PC screensaver. Lucky him all pictures available were of him in a suit. This man was around half a foot shorter, definitely half his size and blond.
“Yes, and you are?” she asked, holding out her hand to him.
His brows pinched in clear distaste, but he took her hand in a short rough shake before he dropped it. “Enzo Romano.”
Okay, someone was offended. 
He looked past them. “Is that the car?”
“Yes sir,” Joe answered. “Joe—”
“What kind?” he asked, cutting Joe off as he was about to introduce himself.
One with wheels, the snarky remark popped into her head. The man was either not a people person or he clearly didn’t get any sleep on the flight over. 
“Cadillac Escalade,” Joe answered.
“What make?”
“Huh?” Talia blurted out. He couldn’t be serious. 
“2013 Hybrid,” Joe answered, not missing a beat. Enzo nodded his approval, stepping closer to Joe.
What? Was DeLuca’s royal ass really too preciously selective about what he would dare ride in?
Calm down Talia. You’re tired and sleep deprived. Just don’t say it out loud. 
It was moments like these that she missed her friend Carrie. Now she didn’t care who heard. When someone was being ridiculous, she called them out. Talia smiled to herself, admitting this was probably why the bosses didn’t want her to bring Carrie along for this. She would have bitched about everything from the time to the cold and especially to this ‘what kind of Escalade’ question. It was a Cadillac Escalade for crying out loud! 
“Pull the car closer to the plane,” he instructed Joe. Then he turned to Talia and said, “You can leave.”
Talia’s head reared back in shock. “Excuse you?” 
Joe chose that moment to run and do as he was told, leaving Talia with Mr. Polite.
“Is there another car, or is that the only one?” he went on like he hadn’t heard her.
Testily, she responded, “It’s the only one.”
He sighed, closing his eyes. “Any chance of getting another one?”
“Why? Is one not enough?”
He opened his eyes and with a raised brow asked, “How am I to get to the hotel?”
“We,” she started, stressing on the ‘we’, “were meant to ride together to the hotel, where I was to help you all check-in and meet you when the sun was out at a reasonable hour to escort you to the office.”
He sighed heavily again. “That won’t be necessary.”
Damn, he was starting to sound like a Catholic school headmistress. She looked at her phone again, wishing someone would wake up and send her the stupid itinerary already!
“He won’t be coming in tomorrow—today but tomorrow—the day after,” he stated, looking as confused as he sounded.
She looked at her wrist watch. “It’s two forty in the morning. So he will be resting today?” One more thing that would have been nice to know sooner. Just like it would have been nice to know her presence wasn’t required. “And coming to the office tomorrow?”
“Yes?” he responded, sounding unsure.
Talia folded her fingers into her palm in a tight fist. She could have been sound asleep right now. “Why do you need another car if you are going to the same place? How many are you exactly?”
His eyes pinched again and his mouth twisted in a half sneer. “Shouldn’t you know that already?”
Talia forced a tight smile on her lips. There was a lot she should have known before rushing home, showering and changing into her new suit to welcome the great DeLuca but, alas, here she was, a snarky comment away from getting fired. She chose not to respond, instead she just stared at him and waited.
“It’s just Signore DeLuca and I.”
So why not ride with him? What, was three a crowd?
“And no, we are not going to the same place.”
As if to reiterate what he said, their only ride out of the blasted place pulled away from the plane and sped off towards the exit. Talia huffed an irate laugh, rolled her lips into her mouth to keep in the curses bouncing eagerly at the tip of her tongue and took a very deep breath.
After she was sure she’d held her temper in check, she said, “I’ll call us a cab.”

Chapter Two
Talia groaned from under her pillow and cursed at whoever was calling. Once in the cab with Enzo, heading to his hotel that he’d been so kind to inform her the name and location, she’d shot her bosses an email with an update and, with much restraint, requested the morning off. After dropping Enzo off and heading home, she’d never felt so excited to go back to that tiny one bedroom apartment. Shaking, almost frozen stiff, she’d quickly changed into her pyjamas and burrowed under her thick duvet and waited for warmth to thaw out her frozen limbs. It was the best morning sleep she’d ever had.
Correction, she thought with a groan as the persistent ringing grew louder, it was almost the best morning sleep.
Back at home she pressed the pillow against her ear and pleaded with her phone. “Just die. You always die on me when I don’t want you to. Now I want you to.”
The ringing stopped and Talia smiled with contentment, emerging from under her pillow. She should check the time—No! I want sleep. Nothing but hours of owed sleep. It couldn’t be afternoon yet anyway. She still felt so tired.
Just when the sweet pull of sleep started, the phone rang again.
She turned her face into her pillow and screamed. Talia pushed up into a sitting position and grabbed her phone, not bothering to check the caller ID.
“What—” before she could scream the few choice words her tongue was begging to unleash, a louder voice cut her off.
“Miss McKenna, it’s about damn time you answered your phone!” 
The words that followed, she didn’t catch even one. She knew it was Italian, but he spoke in such rapid succession it all went over her head. Enzo. She was sure it was him. It was impossible to forget that annoying, patronizing voice of his. He hadn’t even bothered to say hallo—she looked at the alarm clock on her bedside table—or even good morning.
She whimpered, thinking of the two hours she had left of sleep before being rudely woken —why was he calling anyway?
Talia rubbed her eyes with her fingers as she tried to pull her translator out of sleep mode and concentrate on what Mr. Polite was saying. Talia looked up, lifting away from her hand and opening her eyes when she caught the words food and yacht.
“Signore Romano, why are you asking me about food for the yacht?” she asked in Italian.
Silence was what she got in response and she wondered if feeding DeLuca and his grumpy friend were also part of her responsibilities. She pulled the phone from her ear and opened her email app. Still no itinerary. She was beginning to wonder if whoever was responsible for sending it was not doing so on purpose. The moment she found out who it was, she was going to give their number to Enzo Romano. Let’s see how they like being chewed out in native Italian.
“Breakfast is long past Miss McKenna,” he shot back with clear restraint.
She snorted, shifting the phone back to her ear. “I’m well aware of that,” she said. She’d slept through it, like she had told everyone concerned she would. “I’ll…” What? When all she wanted to do was pretend she never got the call and go back to sleep. “I’ll organize brunch for him. Will that do?”
“Si. Sii veloce al riguardo!” Then the line immediately went dead.
Talia stared at her phone with a raised brow. ‘Be quick about it.’ This reminded her of her intern year when she’d been close to adding a laxative in the coffee of one particularly bitchy superior. 
How long were they going to stay again? They were clearly going to have some problems. It was still day one, less than twelve hours had passed since they first met and she was already wondering if he had any allergies that would make his tongue swell up. Not kill him, just expand enough in his mouth to make him mute.
Grumbling, Talia pushed off the bed and dragged herself to the shower. She stopped at the bathroom door wondering if she even had time for a shower. Hell yes! They may have stolen her sleep time but they won’t take her bathroom time from her.
She stripped, kept her satin sleeping cap on and pulled a shower cap over it and stepped into the shower. She started with warm water then a blast of cold to wake her up. Once done, she walked out of the bathroom when a thought struck her and she started laughing.
She had no idea where Mr. DeLuca was. “Fantastic!”
Calling Enzo back and asking was a hell no. The office was clearly not playing ball. Who else—Joe! He was DeLuca’s designated driver so he must know where he is at all times.
Talia dashed for her phone and dialed Joe’s number. While it rang on loudspeaker, she reached for a pair of shorts, a tank top and a long flimsy sweater from her closet. Not professional? Too bad. It’s not working hours—for her at least.
“Halo?” Joe’s bass voice filled her room.
“Hi Joe. It’s Talia. We met last night at the airport.”
Livelier, he said, “Yeah, hi. Did you get back okay?”
It still annoyed Talia how DeLuca had left, taking the only means of transport with him. It had taken ages to get a cab, and with Enzo with her, the time dragged on even longer. He didn’t speak to her once and every attempt to strike up a conversation was met with a ‘why’ stare. It would have been better to be stranded alone.
“Yes, we did. Hey, do you have DeLuca’s address?” she asked as she got dressed.
“Address, you mean where he is currently staying?”
“Yeah.”
A chuckle sounded before he asked, “You still don’t have his schedule, do you?”
She smiled unamused and responded, “I guess it’s being snail mailed to me.”
He laughed. “Let me text you.”
“Thanks Joe, you’re a lifesaver.” 
Joe hung up. As she was getting her tennis shoes on, a message pinged on her phone. From Joe, with the address. She needed to remember to get him a cup of coffee to say thanks. He seemed to be the only one giving her information on DeLuca. She checked her text and doubled back.
“He’s staying at the harbor?” she asked herself. 
Did he get a yacht Air bnb? She thought with a laugh. There was no way. Then she remembered he’d hired some fancy collection item. Was that the Air bnb? Or should she say Water bnb? She snickered at the old man joke. But why, when there were perfectly good hotels he most definitely could afford? Personally, she could never live on water, just like how she was afraid of being in the air for more than ten hours straight. She couldn’t do it without a Xanax or a knockout sleeping pill. She liked her feet on the ground. Steady. Firm.
After tying her curly hair back and away from her face with a bandana and putting on her Black Bay Bronze wrist watch—a congratulatory gift to herself for getting employed in one of the most coveted companies in the world—she grabbed her boho fringe bag and her phone and made her way out of the apartment. She was lucky just a block away was a pastry store that also served breakfast to go. She looked at her wrist watch, it was nine thirty—now she could kill Enzo—and checked the Google map on the phone to find out how long it would take her by cab to her destination. If she was going to get a hot sandwich or eggs, she needed to be mindful that the food didn’t sweat and become soggy. It may be the beginning of fall but the summer heat was still with them during the day. 
It took her twenty minutes from the pastry shop to the harbor. After her ten minute walk and wait, she made good time for brunch. Now, she just had to navigate the last problem. She looked at the numerous rows of boats and wondered how she was supposed to find the right one. 
What was that stupid boat—no, no, yacht—what was that stupid yacht called again?
“Sorry, are you Talia McKenna?”
She turned to the scratchy voice that surprisingly belonged to a middle aged looking man. Cigarettes no doubt.
“Yes, and you are?” she asked cautiously with a polite smile. It was stupid to admit her identity to a total stranger, but the way her day was going and the pace it had set for the rest of it, being kidnapped didn’t sound so bad. 
“Your friend Joe just called, said to show you the right boat,” he said with a raised brow and a kind smile.
If Talia was the hugging type, she would hug him, hell, even give him a kiss. “That would be awesome.” 
He nodded. “Follow me,” he said and walked ahead of her.
Talia followed, thinking she now owed Joe a coffee and a box of donuts for saving her twice. And that idiot holding the itinerary hostage as some sort of prank, he or she was going to get it once she found out who it was. After a three minute walk on the wood walkway—she had no idea what the right name was—they got to DeLuca’s boat—yacht. His was parked, or tied last on the third and last row coming out of the main column. The place was beautiful and so were the vessels, if she put the immediate danger of drowning away from her mind.
Once he pointed it out to her, she thanked him and watched him walk away for a few seconds before she turned back to the boat—yacht. It was pretty and big. How one person piloted this thing without help was beyond her. But who knew, maybe he didn’t go anywhere, and who said he was alone? For all she knew, this yacht was how he got laid.
But that was all none of her business. She moved closer to the back of the boat—yacht, super aware of where the walkway ended and the water began and called out, “Hallo, Signore DeLuca.”
The sound of seagulls and water crushing against the yacht in tiny waves responded but no DeLuca. She looked at the stepping area to board and wondered if she would really have to get onboard the thing.
Just do it. Remember he has the golden ticket for your project.
And anyway, the thing was tied to the walkway, it wasn’t going anywhere. Sucking up and psyching herself up, Talia carefully boarded the yacht, using her feet to keep her steady since both her hands were occupied carrying coffee and breakfast. She got on, took the three steps up and placed the coffee and the breakfast on the table, relieved it hadn’t rocked once since she had been on it.
“Signore DeLuca,” she called out again, placing her bag on the table too. Was she meant to go look for him? Did she have to? Did she want to? What choice did she have? If the food got cold as she stood here, he would definitely complain. And if she just left, she would most definitely get a call from Enzo complaining about her lack of manners. Nope, better find the man and introduce herself while she was at it, since she’d missed the opportunity to do so the previous night.
Next to her, there was another set of stairs, five steps to be exact, but when she looked at the area it led to while she had still been standing on the walkway, it looked way too open to be a bedroom. And he would have heard her call too if he was up there. She looked through the window in front of her and wowed at the lavished sitting area. She could definitely see the appeal over a hotel room. But where else could he be?
On the left of the staircase was a narrow pathway leading probably to the front of the yacht but maybe to a room too? But the right side had a pathway too, where was that leading?
Frustrated, she threw her hands up and tried calling out again, but a little louder “Signore DeLuca!”
“What?” came a replying loud bark.
With a short scream Talia jumped, her hands going over her poor startled heart. She turned to the course voice, and there standing on the right sided pathway was the most gorgeous man she’d ever laid eyes on. Wow, she thought as she felt her mouth drop open.
His thick, dark raised eyebrow and irritated look in his brown eyes matched the stern bark of his voice. But the rest of him made up for his prickly attitude. Standing in nothing but a long towel wrapped around his waist, hanging low and held by one big hand tapering off a thick hairy arm at his hip, Talia wished she’d brought Carrie along for this show. She would sell her kidney just to watch those water droplets run down the dust of hair on his taut pectorals to his eight pack abs and the exposed one side of the V of his hips to soak into the white towel under the hint of hair. He was tall, with long legs and arms, thick and tight everywhere she looked. Even his exposed hairy calves and toes looked toned.
By Elvis, was it normal to be this thirsty looking at a man fresh from a shower?
“Who are you?” he demanded, pulling her eyes to his face. 
Yup, he was irritated, but that wet, loose, dark strand of hair over his forehead was not delivering his message fully as intended. Hell he was sexy. The pictures on the internet didn’t do him justice. She could make a fortune if she took a picture of him right now and sell it to the ladies in the office. Hell, she’d sell it online and take a world tour on the profit.
“How long are you going to stand and stare?”
“What?” she said, coming awake from her lust stupor. “Ahm, sorry. I’m Talia McKenna.” She went to offer her hand but thought better of it. No need to melt in front of Adonis. Concentrate! “I’ll be your assistant during your visit.” She rushed back to the table and pointed to the content on it. “Here. Your brea—ah brunch. Here’s your brunch.”

Talia needs his signature. Rafe wants her in his bed.

A passionate cat and mouse game with his would-be spy.
Rafael DeLuca II wants a break from his over bearing life at home, so he decides to make a surprise visit to his company's office in Boston. Talia McKenna is assigned to be is PA, aka blackmailed by her superiors into spying on him, her project on the line. But she's smarter than they give her credit for. She's going to get DeLuca to sign her proposal instead. All she has to do is be professional, and stop dreaming about the enticing man naked.
Rafe knows what Talia is up to, and when she proves to be the most honest spy, he begins to notice things a boss has no business noticing about his PA. She's a distraction he didn't want but soon realises he needs. Too bad she's putting up a fight.
Talia isn't one for bed sport, but that's what makes the game all the more bewitching.

Love Her Right 
Jolie Simmons has been dreaming about being Mrs. MacKenzie Masters since she was thirteen. She has been in love with the boy from across the street for years and already has their wedding and their happily ever after planned out. But those plans are derailed two days after her eighteenth birthday when his parents die and Mac leaves to join the air force. Five years later, he’s back to turn her life upside down again. Should she give him a chance, or will he abandon her and break her heart again?


Hold On To Me
Sandra suffers a tragedy that is quickly followed by a divorce. She never thought anything could hurt as much as losing her sister Kristy, God was she wrong. Completely deflated and defeated, comfort comes from a man she’d spent years avoiding, Ronald. Would he be the one to save her from her pain, or would he cause her more?

Series
Candle Light
The Albury Affairs
The Black Widows
Because Of Love
 Single Titles 
Love Her Right
Unexpectedly Loved
About the Author
I’m the last of my mom’s three girls and I’m also a twin (she is an author too). It’s a lot of fun playing tricks on people with my twin sister. We did so a lot when we were younger but not so much now. We were raised by my mother and we owe her so much and try to make her proud every single day.
 I love to eat, mostly cake- red velvet and chocolate cakes (yum!) and burgers (wow!). You know the saying ‘a moment with your lips a life time with your hips’ thanks to my mother’s great genes I don’t have to worry much about gaining too much weight.
I would rather curl up on the couch with a book than go out which also means I’m not into the night life. My pajamas are my best friend because they are so comfortable and only dress up when I go out if there is a good chance I’ll meet a hot guy! 
Connect with me either on my Facebook page- Christina OW or my Twitter @Christina_OW 
