Bedeviled

The Warring Hearts Trilogy
Book 1




J. Ashburn 
Smashwords Edition 



Copyright © 2016 by J. Ashburn Fiction
All Rights Reserved
Cover Art Copyright © 2016 by Clarissa Yeo

All characters, events and descriptions in this book are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons living or dead are the product of the author’s imagination and are purely coincidental. All rights reserved. No part of this publication may reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any mean, electronic or mechanical, without permission in writing from J. Ashburn.
1. 



Their love may tear both Heaven and Hell asunder.

It had been a mistake. It had all been a mistake. Caleb, the fallen angel, sat upon a hill of bleached bones, pondering. He no longer wanted to torment the damned, tear the flesh from their bones with spindly fingers and razor nails. The flames of Hell no longer held their sway over him, no delight, no sallow joy, no glorious triumph over the sins of the righteous.
The creeping dark offered no comfort. The screams and shrieks were no longer musical notes that brought rapture to his ears. Sulfur was not the scent of choice. It reeked and stank, an offense to his senses. His brethren were deformed and ugly, outcasts, awful creatures to be shunned and feared.  
Caleb was filled with regret. He was sorry, so sorry for what he’d done. He wept for those poor souls he helped damn to Hell. His heart broke for those he tricked into committing sin and then tormented forever more. The poor men and women of Earth—they didn’t deserve the evil he and his brethren spread among them. He wished he’d never supported the war on Heaven with Lucifer. This was not what he was promised. Living in Hell was not what it was cracked up to be. It lacked what Heaven always had…the splendor, the unity, the…love.  Why had he ever done it? The promises Lucifer made withered into ash blowing on blistering winds. Nothing he said had come to pass and millennium after millennium Lucifer told lie after monstrous lie. 
He wanted out, he wanted to go back. He wanted to be in Heaven again, wrapped in its warmth and loving light. But how…how would he gain its favor again? He wanted his Father’s forgiveness. He needed that forgiveness to return.
	All he wanted in all of eternity was redemption. But how could a fallen angel ever catch his Father’s eye again? How could one that had done such evil, such unspeakable things to God’s most beloved children be welcomed back to paradise?
For many more years Caleb sat and thought, trying to find a way to be forgiven. And one day the answer came.  He knew exactly what to do. He would go to Earth and do good, help mankind, make up for the crimes he committed against them. It was the only way. He could barely face them now, all he wanted to do was weep for them, but that was not enough. No. He would go above and make up all the wrongs against them. He would show them he was wrong and that they deserved his Father’s love, just as he did. If they could forgive him perhaps Father would too. 
The denizens of Hell weren’t just supposed to come and go as they pleased. If you weren’t possessing the goodly, tempting the innocent or haunting locations of grave crimes and unspeakable misery, then you could be summoned by a follower of Lucifer or one of his servants that practiced the dark arts. Other than that, you were to remain here to suffer along with the rest of the lost souls. Except Caleb knew of Lucifer’s personal chink in Hell’s armor. He’d seen the Dark Lord come and go at will. It was purely accidental of course. He and the succubus Angelique stumbled upon it while searching for a soul that had gone AWOL. Little did they know Lucifer had taken the soul out of Hell with him, for what end they did not know. Caleb memorized the location of this escape hatch.
 Caleb slinked through the bowels of Hell, passing through personal purgatories and hiding in the shadows as his fellow fallen ones did their worst to many lost souls. When it seemed there were no spies aware of his presence and that Lucifer was busy on more pressing matters, he made his way through layer after layer of darkness and sadness, cold and heat, spirit and body until he reached a desolate membrane between the worlds.
He pressed a scaly, clawed hand against it and it rippled like pond water. In his racing mind he pictured the physical world of mankind, the lush green trees, the amazing blue skies and the golden bright sun pouring its radiance down on the world and stepped through. He had to walk the Earth in a physical form and needed to appear in some way that wouldn’t terrify anyone he tried to help. Black wings, scaly flesh and sunken eyes were not a pleasing form. 
Caleb focused all of his energy and shifted his metaphysical form to a man, one with dark hair that matched that of his wings, a clean-shaven, kind face with shimmering eyes, smooth skin and toned muscles. He hoped he would pass in the human world and do the good he set out to do. He climbed through one spiritual wall after another, one plane after another, like slipping through a whirlpool that wound into a vortex, until he reached the physical world that they called Earth. 
He stumbled out into a dirt road, flanked by trees on both side. His knees buckled, his eyes burned then adjusted to real light and finally, he fell. Looking up, he expected to see beautiful blue skies and a glowing yellow sun but he did not. Instead, the sky was gray, gloomy, and full of clouds. It was raining. 
“Figures,” he murmured to himself. “First time back on Earth in almost four hundred years and it’s raining.” 
He pulled himself up, looked down at his attire… a black t-shirt and jeans, hoping it was appropriate for the time and started down the muddy road.
2.


Micah’s alarm clock startled him and for a second he thought about hurling it across the room. Last night’s visit to the D-bar and all those drinks was probably not the best idea on work night but there it was. His head felt like it was in a vice. Why oh why did he listen to Nicki? For a few moments he listened to the rain patter against his apartment window. 
God, I hate when it rains. They’ll be more car accidents then usual today. Fun. 
 He rolled out of bed, and hopped into the shower. What luck, neither Nick nor Rick, twin brothers and his roommates, were already in there. The hot water really woke him now and he hurried through the bathroom as fast as he could. 
Dressed and dried, Micah sat down to a hot bowl of oatmeal with some sliced banana and toasted almonds, and a big glass of orange juice. He was half way done when the front door flung open. Nick and Rick sauntered in, soaking wet. 
“I was wondering where you guys were,” Micah said.
“On a run,” replied Rick.
“In the rain?” 
“The weather doesn’t matter when it comes to your health,” Nick said. “We’re hardcore. Any time, any place. You obviously don’t care that much about living a nice, long life.”
Micah rolled his eyes. “Got no time, Nick. People need me.”
“It’s Nicholas,” Nick said with a tone.
“Dude, really? I’ve known you since college and now you want me to call you Nicholas?”
“He’s going through a phase,” Rick said. “All gay guys do.”
“I never did,” Micah said with a smirk.
“Eat me,” Nick growled.
“Oh, you’d like that.” Micah smiled again and looked over at the sopping wet brothers, their dusty blond hair matted to their heads, t-shirts and shorts clinging to their swimmer’s builds. They were both over six feet tall and gorgeous but Micah had always thought of them as his brothers. He never even fooled around with Nick in college despite him being gay just like Micah. Rick was totally straight, or so he claimed. 
The brothers stripped their shirts off and grabbed some towels out of the linen closet in the small hallway. “I got the shower first,” Nick said.
“C’mon, Nicholas, you always spend way more time than I do. Let me go first.”
“No way. I called it.”
Rick grabbed him and the two wrestled in the hallway, grunting and bouncing off the walls.
“This would be totally hot if I was at all interested.” Micah got up from the breakfast nook and shoved his dishes into the kitchen sink.
“You know you dream about this!” Rick called, giggled, as Nick put him in a headlock. 
“Whatever makes you feel better. I’ll let you two fight to the death, gotta go!” He grabbed his raincoat and keys and headed out the door. 
###
Micah drove slowly through town in his station wagon, careful not to hydroplane on the wet streets. It was a used car, not cool or luxurious, and it was all he could afford at this time in his life. It didn’t matter to him. He wasn’t really into cars or trying to look cool or gain status. He just needed something reliable to get him to work and back, he didn’t care if he looked like an eighties soccer mom. 
He crossed to the other side of Blackstone and into the Cranberry Condo complex. Micah stopped at Unit C, and pulled into the guest parking then honked the horn. The door to apartment 303 opened and Nicki came running out wearing her pink raincoat, its hood pulled over her head. 
She pulled open the door and hopped into the car. Nicki pulled the hood off of her head, revealing her mane of fiery red hair and gave Micah a kiss on the cheek. “Good morning,” she beamed. 
“Hi babe.” Micah threw the car into gear and started through the parking lot. He glanced at her and smirked.
“What?”
“You really love pink.”
 She looked down at her pink blouse and then at her raincoat and shook her head. “It’s my favorite color, so sue me.”
He rolled his eyes. “The red-haired girl that wears too much pink. It doesn’t go with your complexion. You need to break up some of the red color tones and pick things that go with your hair and eyes.”
“This isn’t stylist to the stars.”
“You got that right.”
Nicki smacked him across the shoulder. “You’re such a bitch.”
Micah giggled. “Ouch. You hit harder than most guys.”
“Keep it up. That was me holding back.”
“I’m only trying to help.”
“It doesn’t matter what I wear to work, we put our uniforms over everything any way.”
“Okay, okay, whatever.”
“You’re in a mood today. Wake up on the wrong side of the bed?”
“You made me stay out too late last night.”
“Sure always blaming me. Tell me you didn’t have fun last night?”
“I’m getting too old to stay out all night drinking on work nights.”
Nicki laughed. “Too old? You’re a hot, young gay man, you should be out all night drinking and dancing. How else are you going meet a guy?”
Micah groaned. “All the guys I meet out there are so shallow. All they want is to play around. They aren’t serious about anything.”
“You don’t give them a chance.”
“Not true. They’re all the same. Drugs, sex, partying. They’re too much into the scene. One guy even changed his mind going out on a date with me after he saw my car.”
“What? He didn’t like Gertrude? Old Gertie? Now that is shallow.”
“Right? I shit you not. He called it off in Nico’s parking lot. We never made it inside for dinner. I’m just so tired of it all. The clubs are over.”
“Then update your profiles on…”
“Dating apps? Even worse. They’re the new meat markets.”
“Sounds like you’ve given up on men?”
Micah shook is head. “I’m just burnt out. I need a break.”
“I know, I know, I’ll take you out for some drinks!”
“Nicki!” Micah grinned at her and she howled, obviously trying to lighten the mood. “Alcohol is not the answer to everything.”
“Bite your tongue, yes it is.” She giggled some more then rubbed his shoulder. “You’ll find someone, sweetie. He’s out there waiting for you.”
“Sure he is.” 
Micah pulled into the parking lot of the Blackstone General Hospital and slid into the employee area. He and Nicki prepared for the rain again. She yanked slid the hood of her raincoat back over her head and he grabbed his umbrella.
A moment later they made a run for the hospital doors, waved hello to Maggie at the admitting desk and headed straight for the locker rooms. 
###
Micah and Nicki sat in the rec room, texting on their phones, the TV running in the background. They’d finished checking their ambulance, its equipment and all of their supplies, helping Maggie with some paperwork, and patient transfers before deciding to wait for the next call.
Their co-workers Peter and David had already taken one, a heart attack, in the old part of the city. Micah suspected there would be another call soon. Stormy days seemed to bring emergencies with them and the morning had just begun. 
Moments later, his prediction came to pass. The radio attached to his belt blared with the 911 dispatcher’s voice, alerting he and Nicki to a traffic accident out on one of the rural routes, Route 140. 
The two of them raced to the ambulance, started it up and blared the sirens and lights. Micah drove as Nicki got everything ready. His heart was pounding, it always did no matter how many calls they took. He loved being a paramedic but the calls never got any easier for him. He wondered what waited out there for them this time. 
3


Caleb found his way onto a main road. He heard a strange, loud sound in the distance. Its tone sounded desperate. Somehow, he knew it meant something was wrong, it was an alert to others. He decided to respond and headed in the direction of the sound. 
The road was slick and wet, winding around treacherous corners and becoming steep in some places. He walked on, the rain soaking his clothes, t-shirt clinging to his heaving chest. The body his energy had created for his spirit was strong and durable, he wondered how his powers knew what to craft or how it would look to others, but he was enjoying it so far. It seemed to fit him, he felt like he belonged in this skin and had he been born a human on the Earth this was what he would look like.  Perhaps his dark spirit had known that all along. 
He rounded another corner, getting around by mortal methods wasn’t the easiest way to travel, and saw a human vehicle turned on its side, smoke billowing out of it. There were two humans hurt within—one was half out of the vehicle, his head dripping with blood. 
Directly behind the car an emergency vehicle was parked, that was where the blaring sounds came from. Caleb watched a young man and woman work frantically. 
“Quick, grab the backboards,” the young man said to the woman. “I’ll check the airways, breathing and circulation. They’re both unconscious.”
“Jesus, this is a bad one,” the young woman said to her comrade. 
They’re praying to Father already. They must really love the hurt humans. Caleb moved closer with caution. He didn’t want to scare them as they worked. The young man gently pulled the human that was already half out of the car, keeping the man’s head supported and laying him flat. The young woman brought over the backboard and they secured him to it. 
“Okay,” the young man said. “He’s unconscious, probably a concussion. His pulse is good. Clean up his face and I’ll get the gurney.”
Caleb watched Micah move out into the street just as another car tore around the corner. There was a loud screech and the car swerved, heading straight toward Micah.  A surge of panic washed through Caleb, unlike anything he’d ever felt before. He didn’t want to see this young savior meet his doom… he had lives to save. He knew he could not do anything with simple mortal means. He summoned his energy, glancing briefly in the puddle at his feet. His eyes flashed red and a silhouette of black, shadowy wings stretched above his shoulders. 
In the blink of an eye Caleb soared down the street, and shot to his left. He wrapped his arms around Micah and pulled him out of harm’s way. The two tumbled onto the side of the road and something else… happened. 
Warmth filled Caleb, not like what he knew from his past experiences, something loving, something comforting. For a few blissful seconds, Caleb forgot the scars of his past, the pain of damnation and the horrible deeds he’d committed. For the moment there was no pain, no evil, no judgment. He held this man in his arms and closed his eyes. He could hear and feel the man’s heartbeat. It was wonderful. 
Micah sighed and looked up… he watched the other car skid, narrowly missing him and almost side-swiping the accident. Luckily, it managed to correct itself and pulled over. A woman jumped out, her face ghost white. 
“Oh my God!” the woman cried. “Are you all right?”
“I think so.” Micah called. He turned to the man behind him. “Thank you…I..”
Before Micah could finish, Caleb hopped to his feet, stepped backwards and vanished into the trees behind them.
He fluttered up one of the trees and remained out of sight. He caught his newfound breath and watched as Micah stood up, looking around, confused. “Where did he go?” He heard Micah ask.
“Who?” Nicki asked.
“Forget it…we gotta get them to the hospital.”
“Can I help?” the woman who nearly hit him offered.
“No, we got it,” Micah said. “Stand back ma’am.”
Moments later more emergency vehicles appeared behind the ambulance—police cars and fire trucks, their lights and sirens blazing. Caleb smiled from the tops of the trees. He knew the victims of the accident weren’t going to die and would make a full recovery. He could feel their life forces and their heartbeats and they were strong and somehow, he knew the man he’d protected would make sure they were saved. 
Caleb watched Micah, studied him, his dark hair, as black as raven feathers, his strong, lean body, his green, glimmering eyes. There was something majestic behind those eyes, something fiery. He leapt from treetop to treetop and glided down the other side of the woods. His wings faded and his eyes returned to normal. He was at an intersection of flashing yellow lights. He took one last look behind him, thought of Micah and walked on. 
###
Micah stood at the sink scrubbing his hands and sanitizing so he’d be ready for the next call. His head was spinning, still wondering exactly what happened out there. He remembered the car coming right at him, the screeching tires and then a man, a strong man with a warm body. It all happened so fast. His heart still fluttered over the experience. He had escaped death by seconds thanks to this mysterious stranger, he only wished he could thank him.
“Micah, c’mon,” Nicki called. “We need to replace the shit in the ambulance. We just got another call.”
“Did you see what happened out there?”
“I know! Close call, right? If you hadn’t been on your toes you never would have jumped out of the way.”
“I didn’t jump out of the way. Didn’t you see him?”
“See who?”
“The guy? The guy who saved my life?”
“There was no guy. You pushed yourself out of the way.”
“No.” Micah shook his head and dried his hands. “He pulled me out of the way and saved my life. I didn’t see the car coming but he did. He dove into me and pulled me out of the street. How could you not have seen him?”
“Micah… you sure you didn’t hit your head? There was no one there. Just you and me.”
“You’re wrong. You must have been checking on the accident victims. This muscular, strong dude came out of nowhere and pulled me out of danger. He was awesome, like a hero or something. Big arms around me, brown hair…I think…I…he smelled amazing.”
“So you do think about guys and sex after all.”
“Shut it, I’m being serious. I know he was there. I can still feel him.”
“Okay, whatever you say. We gotta go.” Nicki zippered up the company jacket and headed for the ambulance again.
Micah followed behind, his thoughts still lost in the man who saved his life.
###
It was the dead of night when Caleb strolled into Blackstone’s downtown. It had stopped raining and he decided to enter the more rundown side of the city. Storefronts were boarded up or had bars on the windows. Graffiti adorned most of the surfaces from trash bins to alley walls. Police sirens echoed in the distance, even at this time of night. 
Alcoholics, addicts and petty criminals hung out in dark corners and beneath shadowed awnings. A sense of sadness and misery saturated the area. Caleb could feel it flowing inside of him. It stopped him… he was torn between relishing in it and weeping over it. But his heart broke for them, no matter how wretched these humans were. 
Caleb approached a random alley. A group of young men huddled to the side of it, against a wall and near a crumpled trash bin. The men looked up and scattered at Caleb’s presence, except one. The young man fell to his knees, his clothes smelled damp, he reeked of cigarettes, and his body twitched. He looked up at Caleb with glassy blue eyes and cried.
“It is all right,” Caleb said. He bent to the boy and put his hand to his cheek. He felt him tremble from head to toe. “You are such a young soul.”
“Don’t hurt me…I wasn’t doing anything…I swear…” The boy’s skin was pale and his body was gaunt.
“No one is going to hurt you anymore.” Caleb removed the boy’s baseball cap and placed his hand on the top of his head. He closed his eyes and focused his dark angelic powers. When he reopened his eyes a red light enveloped the young man. 
The boy’s body quivered and twitched until a clear, viscous liquid eased out of his pores. It drooled down his body to the alley floor. His eyes cleared, his skin color shifted. Black spittle slipped from his lips and he moaned. 
Caleb picked him up, standing him on his feet and embraced him. “You are healed. No longer a slave to your vices. Begin your life anew.”
The young man reached around and hugged Caleb back, basking in the warmth and healing the fallen angel had bestowed. His eyes widened and he looked at Caleb. “Thank you…” he muttered. 
Caleb let him go and the young man started to walk off. “Hey,” Caleb called. “Start by getting something to eat.” He reached out to the young man’s hand, turned it over and slipped money into his hand, money he’d conjured from the pockets of drug dealers. “Then go home. Tomorrow is a new day.”
The man took the money and nodded before vanishing into the streets.
Caleb smiled and walked to the end of the alley. He turned to the corner and continued deeper into the streets. He noticed a woman in very tight clothes standing on a street corner in front of a closed coffee shop. 
He approached her slowly, looking her up and down, sensing the lost little girl she tried to hide deep inside of her. The fear emanating off of her was palpable. Caleb crossed the street and stepped up to her corner.
“Hey baby!” Her smile was wide but fake. “You looking for some fun tonight?”
“I am afraid you cannot give me the type of fun I require,” Caleb said softly.
“Then fuck off! I’m trying to work.”
“So much anger, so much fear. Marla, go home to Alabama. Your family is worried sick about you. This life is not for you. You do not belong here.”
“How the hell do you know my name?”
“I know many things. I know that you thought you would find true love here. You thought the man on that internet site was honest and that he loved you. He lied. Your family loves you and they are looking for you, everyday. Go back to them. Your real life is back there waiting for you.”
Tears rolled down her cheeks and Caleb reached out, touching her shoulder. “I miss them so much,” she wept. “I had no money when I got here and these men told me they could help me….the other girls showed me what to do. I wanna go home but I’m afraid…”
“Do not fear, Marla. Your mom, dad and brother just want you to home. They do not care about anything else. They love you. They will take you back.”
She cried onto his shoulder and he brushed her hair. “It is all right. No more tears. A plane ticket is waiting for you.” He took her hand and slipped cash into it. The cash had come from the pimps that tried to control her. “Go now, take a cab and pick up your ticket. Home is waiting for you.”
“T-thank you…” She clutched the money in hands and looked at him once more. A smile lit up her face. Caleb mirrored her smile and watched her run off, away from the past, away from the misery and to the cab that waited for her at the next block. 
A warm feeling washed through Caleb and as he walked on, a man appeared in his mind’s eyes…it was the hero whose life he saved earlier that morning.
###
Micah tossed and turned. His dreamed were filled with the stranger that rescued him that morning. The stranger no one saw but him, the stranger no one seemed to believe existed.  He felt his arms holding him again. He smelled him… a scent unlike anything he’d ever smelled before. 
They were together now, holding one another, kissing, staring into each other’s eyes. It was such a happy, joyful sensation and it felt so real. Micah wasn’t sure if it was a dream. He only knew he wanted it to last forever… 
Loud knocking woke him from his dream. He sprung up in bed as Nick and Rick burst into his bedroom.
“Hey dude!” Rick called. “You all right? You were yelling in your sleep?”
“I was?” Micah rubbed his eyes then his face.
“Yeah,” Nick said. “You kept shouting a name over and over… Caleb.”
“Caleb?” Micah thought hard but didn’t recognize it.
“Hot dream date?’ Nick asked.
“I guess so. Sorry guys… I didn’t mean to wake you.”
“No biggie,” Rick said. “But keep your sexy dreams to yourself next time.”
Micah chuckled. “Sure, will do.” He pulled settled back in bed, pulled the sheets up and tried to get back to sleep. “Caleb.”

4



“There he is.” Nicki nudged Micah. One of the doctors passed through the ER lobby and made his way to the elevators. “He’s the new guy.”
“Oh yeah,” Micah replied with little interest. “Seen him before. He’s ok.”
“Ok? He’s hot. Moved here from the down south. Tennessee I think. The hospital really wanted him. He’s supposed to be a brilliant ER surgeon.”
“Ok.”
“What is wrong with you? Do you have a pulse… the man is gorgeous.”
“So ask him out.”
“I wish. He plays on your team. That’s the word around the hospital, any way.”
“What is this place, General Hospital? Give me a break.”
“Micah, he’s a total catch. A doctor. You’re single. He’s single. Just give him a chance… better yet, give yourself a chance.”
“You don’t know he’s single. You don’t know anything about him. You haven’t even spoken to him.”
“Fine.” Nicki strutted across the hall and headed for the elevators.
“Nicki…don’t… I mean it.” Panic swelled inside of Micah as he watched Nicki head straight for the new doctor. His pulse quickened and he thought of chasing after her but then sighed with relief. She’d missed him. The elevator doors closed and Nicki stopped in her tracks. She turned back to Micah, shrugged and grinned at him. She made her way slowly back to him.
“Next time,” she said. 
“Don’t bother. I don’t want to date a doctor. They have no time for relationships. He’d be dedicated to his job instead of me, which is fine.”
“You’re hopeless… oh I know!” Nicki’s eyes lit up with excitement. “You can ask him to the Fireman’s charity ball.”
“Nicki.”
“Or he can ask you. It’ll be fun… c’mon, you gotta get out of the house once in a while.”
“I just did the other night with you.”
“That doesn’t count and you know it. First gotta find out his name and then…”
An emergency call broke Nicki’s train of thought and Micah hopped into action. “Thank God…” he whispered under his breath as the two headed for the ambulance.
###
Caleb had watched the sunrise. It was one of the most beautiful things he’d seen in a long time….  in hundreds of years actually. He’d forgotten how magnificent it was, languishing in Hell a fallen angel never saw the sun rise or fall. The very sight of the sun coming up had put a huge smile on his face. He soaked in every moment of its radiance, its essence and its warmth. He marveled at just how amazing Father really was. 
Sadness crossed his withered heart and he stared up at the skies. Forgive me. He wasn’t sure the words would ever be heard but he had to keep trying. With tears in his eyes, he left the park he’d spent the night in and started down some of the busier city streets.  There was a homeless shelter down on his left. He passed some coffee shops, expensive clothing boutiques and jewelry shops, such opulence in the same area as those seeking help and comfort, and noticed the store fronts grew emptier as he approached the shelter. 
He walked up the stone steps to the nondescript and humble building and opened its doors. Inside he saw a line of people waiting to be served breakfast. Caleb stepped around the line and strolled to the center of the room. Three women behind the serving counter looked up at him. The oldest one smiled, her raven hair was streaked with silver, there were bags under her eyes, her face had deep lines but it lit up with compassion. 
“Are you looking for a hot breakfast,” she asked him, piling scrambled eggs onto another waiting plate. “The line starts back there.” She gestured left with her oversized serving spoon.
Caleb couldn’t help but smile. Her expression was just so joyful. “No, I am here to help.”
“Oh, we could always use more volunteers.”
“It’s more than just volunteering…it’s time your shelter shed all of its worries.”
She cocked her head and grinned. “Lola,” she turned to the younger woman beside her. “Can you handle the crowd while I show our friend around?”
“Of course.” Lola nodded and carried on.
The older woman walked around counter and stuck out her hand, her apron smelled of bacon grease. “I’m Sylvia.”
“Caleb.” He took her hand and shook it gently. 
She waved him to follow her as she walked down a long hallway to a back room. It was a combination prep room and kitchen. There were huge bowls of greens and lettuce leaves that waited to be washed for lunch. Loaves of bread waited to be made into sandwiches. Cutting boards were filled with vegetables and empty pitchers thirsted for ice-cold water. 
“It won’t be long before we need to get the lunch meals going and we still have to clean up breakfast. We always run out of bread. There’s barely enough lunch meat and not enough fresh veggies. The food pantries do their best but we aren’t the only shelter in the area or in the state for that matter. Sometimes we worry we won’t be able to feed everyone.”
Sylvia turned to her right and led Caleb back down the hall to a set of double doors. On the other side was a large room with rows of beds. Each of the beds was made with a plain sheet and blanket. They resembled cots in a military barrack. The blankets were either olive or brown in color, thin and some were moth-eaten. Pillows were missing their pillowcases here and there. 
“Not enough blankets and sheets, barely enough beds. In the winter, we only have so many wool blankets and comforters. Thank God for the heat and electricity but that state is making more cutbacks and the donations are not what they used to be.”
“I can tell you love your job, Sylvia.”
She shook her head and laughed. “It’s not a job, it’s a way of life.”
“That’s wonderful.”
“Glad you think so and you were saying about shedding all of our worries.” Now she was shaking her head. “My worries never end about this place. My home away from home. That was just a taste of what we go through daily.”
“You won’t have to worry about any of those things any longer.”
“Is this some sort of joke? Am I on camera?” Sylvia laughed again and looked around as if a cameraman was going to pop out of nowhere.
“No, nothing like that.” Caleb reached out and took her hand. He slipped a piece of paper into it.
Sylvia looked down at it. “What’s this?”
“You now have an account at the co-op food market on the other side of the city. They will deliver enough food to you every week to cover all of your needs.”
“I-I can’t believe…I…”
“That is not all.” Caleb smiled, his heart was swelling. “There will also be a donation every other month to your foundation, anonymously of course. That will afford you all the beds and blankets you need and maybe even a larger place someday.”
“I-I don’t know what to say. You’re a philanthropist… that’s it. That’s why you’re doing this.”
Caleb shook his head. “It is not that simple. I have much more to do.” He started off down the hall.
“Wait,” Sylvia took his hand. “You have to meet our director. He will bust a gut at the good fortune that has shined on our little shelter today. Please… it will only take a minute.”
Caleb agreed and let Sylvia lead him through the shelter, the dining room where the breakfast line was nearly gone, and back outside. She turned around the backside of the building and walked down an alley to another street.
She crossed the street to a large church with a huge white steeple and magnificent stained glass windows. The windows caught the sunlight in a dazzling array of colors that danced in Caleb’s eyes.
He stopped dead in his tracks. Sylvia tried to pull him along but he wouldn’t budge.
“Caleb, it’s okay. Father Sullivan is our director…he’s wonderful man.”
Terror slithered through Caleb. His heart pounded against his human chest, his legs grew weak. Mortal fear gripped him and he shook his head.
“I am sorry, I cannot. I do not belong on such holy ground. I am not welcomed.”
“God welcomes all of his children, Caleb. He loves all of us.”
“Father has not loved me in a long time. My time has not yet come...” He turned and rushed from the sight of the church, icy cold tendrils ran through his body, wind howled in his ears and mocking laughter rang in his ears.
Above the din he heard Sylvia’s voice still calling after him. “Caleb! Caleb wait! Caleb…”
###
Dusk came in a sky filled with red and purple. Micah thought it was beautiful as he and Nicki stepped from the hospital and headed across the street to the Midtown Diner. It was the local greasy spoon serving up every imaginable comfort food and homemade dessert. Everyone at the hospital had frequented the place and tons of take out made its way to the hospital despite its cafeteria. Micah himself had had more blue plate specials than he could count when he was on the late shift, midnight meals of turkey pot pie and deluxe cheeseburgers wreaked havoc on his digestion and his sleeping habits. Thank God he was able to get on the day shift with Nicki.
The Midtown Diner was more than just a greasy spoon. It was the social hang out for doctors, nurses, paramedics and other workers in the busy downtown area. Police and firemen joined in and it seemed like one big happy family, no titles, no hierarchy, just people eating good food, talking, laughing and drinking beer. Micah and Nicki ate there at least twice a week. 
The two friends got their usual booth and were nearly ready to order when Nicki saw the new doctor enter the diner. Nicki nudged Micah who looked over and shook his head. 
“Nicki…”
“The place is full, Micah don’t be rude.” She waited for the doctor to look around and get told there would be a wait by the uninterested hostess. He glanced around and smiled, recognizing Nicki and Micah.  Nicki waved her hand and gestured for him to come over to their table. 
He walked over, his blonde hair catching the light of all of the neon signs and his blue eyes twinkling, stopped and smiled, mostly at Micah. “Hi.”
“Hello,” Nicki smiled widely. “You’re the new doctor? I’m Nicki and this is Micah.”
Micah put up his hand. “Hello.”
“I’m Jake, Jake Mason.”
“Nice to meet you, Jake,” Nicki continued. “You’re welcome to join us, I know you’re waiting for a table.”
“Yeah, this is a popular place. You sure, you don’t mind?”
“Not at all.”
“Great.” Jake slid beside Micah. “Thank you so much. I just moved here and haven’t met many people yet.”
“Well, we’d be happy to show you around, wouldn’t we Micah?”
Micah smiled. “Sure.”
“I appreciate that. You guys work there long?”
“About five years,” Micah replied. “We’re paramedics.”
“That’s great. So you must be really good friends.”
“When we’re not trying to kill each other,” Nicki laughed.
Jake laughed along with her. Micah cracked a smile and noticed Jake shift closer to him, nearly rubbing elbows now. 
“We heard you’re from Tennessee.” Nicki kept the ball rolling. 
“Yes, born and raised but I was looking for new challenges and a change. When the hospital showed interest I made a few trips to get a tour and go on some interviews. I think I’m going to like it here.”
“I hope so.”
“With people as friendly as you two, I know I will.”
“Aw shucks,” Micah said and Nicki kicked him under the table. 
“So,” Jake said. “What do y’all recommend for dinner?”
“Everything is good here,” Nicki said. 
“They do a really good fried chicken dinner,” Micah said.
“Oh boy, I’ve eaten fried chicken my whole life…I’m from the south, remember?”
“Your whole life?” Micah said. “So unhealthy and you’re a doctor?”
Jake laughed and brushed his hand across Micah’s arm. “It’s my mama’s fault.  Seriously, she was an incredible cook. Nobody can top my mama’s fried chicken.”
He was funny after all, Micah thought. “Then a cheeseburger. They’re amazing here.”
“That settles it. Cheeseburger it is.” He rubbed his thigh against Micah’s.
But he was coming on a bit strong. Micah fidgeted and sucked in some air. He wasn’t sure he was ready for this or Doctor Jake Mason. 
5



A lonely train whistle called on the other side of Blackstone. In the wooded thicket that lined the railroad tracks, a shadowy mist formed as the train approached. Shadows stretched into a vague humanoid shape. Great, black-feathered wings unfurled then faded into smoky tendrils. The darkness moved, and a man stepped from it, naked, toned, muscular, devilishly handsome with silver-gray eyes and a shaved head. Sebastian had arrived.
He strolled across the tracks as the train bore down on him but as it should have run him down, he morphed into gray smoke and allowed the train passage through him. He materialized on the station’s platform and watched the people get off. No one could see him. 
Sebastian watched men and women depart the train and noticed the big difference between he and them. He wiggled his fingers and wove his hand over his taut body. Clothes draped him, a pair of jeans, a burgundy thermal shirt and a blazer. He walked among the crowd unseen when he picked up on an energy source.
A very sexual, bearded man passed by him, duster coat rippling in the wind. Sebastian smiled, his dark heart fluttered and his skin tingled. 
“Ah,” Sebastian sighed. “A dark witch. I haven’t come across one in a long time. How delicious. Sage… Sage Parrish? How exquisite. Fun times ahead for you. I’ll be seeing you at a later time. I have more important tasks hand.” 
He watched the dark witch enter the railroad station café before exiting the platform and crossing the next street. He entered the old village part of Blackstone, cute houses, a suburban feel, lots of trees, stone walls and old farm houses that were no longer in use.  He entered a open field, passing through a rickety fence in his misty form and stopped in front a barn.  
Sebastian looked around him and then up at sky. He raised both arms into the air and cupped his hands. He jerked and yanked as if he was pulling the very moonlight itself to him. His entire body burned with hellish power. Freedom from Hell was a pleasure only few experienced and Sebastian relished it, if only for a short time. 
He directed his hands at the barn and its doors flew open. “C’mon boys,” Sebastian said with delight. “We have a deserter to fetch. Come to me now… that’s my good boys.”
Shadowy smoke drifted out of the barn and streamed into the air. It circled Sebastian then split into two forms. The smoke melted into dog-like figures…large, black dogs with ferocious teeth and massive claws. Their ears were bat-like and their snouts like wild boars. 
“Hungry boys? Hungry my little hellhounds? Let’s go find the one who went AWOL and drag him back to Hell.”
The dogs morphed into smoke and streamed alongside Sebastian as he left the field and headed for the main roads. 
###
In the midst of the downtown area, Caleb came upon two men casing a jewelry store.  Their intentions were clear and he made his way to them with the aid of his powers, floating across the quiet intersection to come up to the men clad in black. 
The larger of the men flinched as Caleb seemed to come out of nowhere. “What the fuck!” 
“Brothers,” Caleb said softly, holding his hands open and attempting to be unassuming. “You know this is wrong. This is not the life for you. Not the life you were both meant for.”
“Mind your fucking business, pal!” the large man said. 
“Frank, forget it, let’s get out of here,” the smaller guy said.
“Please do not go,” Caleb urged. “I can help you change your ways.”
“No! I’m not giving this up, we spent months on this.” The larger man pulled a gun out of his jacket and aimed it at Caleb. “Fuck off or you’re a dead man!”
“Frank!”
“Do not do this,” Caleb kept his hands up. “I am not threat to you… I can help you turn this around and do the good I know in your heart you want to do.”
A loud crack rang out. A flash of light blinded Caleb and he felt something surprising in his core… pain. He heard fast, frantic footsteps and once the light cleared he saw the two men running away as fast as they could.
“Wait…” he took a step toward them but stopped. He looked down and a river of crimson poured down his shirt and to the street. “What’s this?” Confusion wracked Caleb’s brain. He felt weak and dizzy. “I’m bleeding… how…can..”
He turned slowly and stumbled away. Crossing back through the intersection, he was out of breath. His human body was wounded and that took him by surprise. He didn’t know it was possible. 
Caleb’s head spun, the pain in his gut spread through his entire body, down his arms and legs, to all of his extremities. A pounding assaulted his head and fell onto one knee. 
This body… it is mortal…fragile… I thought it would be impervious to damage and pain…. How can this … be…?
The fallen angel managed to drag himself into a baseball field and park, getting to a bench. He lifted his shirt and saw the bullet hole still pulsing and oozing with blood. He focused his demonic powers and his hand shifted into a scaly claw. He wove his clawed hand over the wound and the bullet wiggled its way out, floated into the air then fell to the ground. Caleb rubbed the wound with his scales and it started to slowly heal.
He pulled himself from the bench with much effort and exited the field, moving sluggishly into the street where a pair of bright headlights flooded around him. Caleb fell to his knees again. A car pulled to a sudden stop, tires screeching. 
The station wagon’s door sprung open and Micah stepped out. His face was struck with panic, his eyes wide. “Oh my God! Are you okay?”
Caleb looked up and waved him off. “I am fine… leave me…”
“No way.” Micah rushed to his side. “You’re bleeding. You’re hurt and you need help. I’m a paramedic…I’m getting you to the hospital.”
Micah threw his arms around Caleb and something happened. Micah’s eyes widened, a charge of energy shot through Caleb. Both men stared into each other’s eyes. A half-smile formed on Micah’s face.
“You’re him!” Micah said with excitement. “You saved my life a few mornings ago.”
Caleb nodded.
“I was hoping to see you again… to thank you. I haven’t been able to get you out of my mind.”
Caleb smiled back. “Me… either…”
“C’mon, I’ve got to get you to the emergency room.” He helped Caleb to his feet and walked him to his car. He opened the back seat and set him down, encouraging him to lie down. 
Micah took the wheel and did a U-turn in the middle of the street. He sped across the city back to the place he worked everyday.
“What happened to you?”
“I was shot,” replied Caleb. “Two men planning to commit a robbery. I really never though this would happen to me.”
“What were you doing in that part of the city at this time of night?”
“I—I—don’t know… anymore.”
###
Micah waited patiently in the emergency room until Doctor Gerard came out to greet him. He stood up quickly and met the doctor half way.
“He’s fine, Micah. There’s no bleeding, no wound. The bullet must have grazed him. He’s got a little bit of laceration but that’s it.”
“That’s strange. You should have seen all of the blood.”
“There’s something else. He doesn’t have any insurance or any identification of any kind.”
“I can vouch for him. He saved my life a few days ago.”
“Well, I guess we can have the state take this one.”
“Yeah, sure, the hospital has a number of cases that can’t pay, right?”
Doctor Gerard nodded. “I’ll have them write this up but he needs insurance if he comes here again.”
“I’ll make sure.”
“And… I need to discharge him to someone. He insists on leaving but someone should take him home.”
“You got it. I’ll take him. Thank you so much.”
“You got it. Glad everything’s okay.”
Micah looked over to see Caleb walking a little more steadily now. He had put his bloodied shirt back on and seemed stronger. His eyes actually twinkled in the ER lights. “You look better.”
“I told you it was nothing.”
“Great. I’ll give you a ride… ah…. I never got your name.”
“It’s Caleb.”
Micah suddenly recalled his dream. “Cool, that’s so biblical sounding.”
“Uh-huh.”
“I’m Micah.”
“I know.”
“You do? How?”
Caleb scrambled a bit, realizing that he’d nearly revealed too much. “The doctor told me.”
“Ah, okay. Let’s go.” Micah led him out of the ER and into the parking lot. He was parked right up front because he thought Caleb was in dire condition. “You’ll feel better after you get a good night’s sleep at your place. Where do you live?”
“Micah…I…” Caleb spoke with some hesitation. “I do not have a place to live.”
“What? I’m sorry. Are you homeless? Are you staying at one of the shelters?”
“No, no…it’s nothing like that. I’m not from around here. Passing through, sort of. I just have not settled on a place yet and I…”
“Then you can stay at my place.”
“No, Micah…I could not. I do not want to inconvenience you.”
“It’s no bother really. You can stay at with me until you find your own place.”
“That’s very kind of you.”
“You shouldn’t be alone tonight. You’ve just been through an ordeal, I couldn’t  just drop you off at a hotel or something.”
“Thank you.”
“Don’t mention it.”
Something good and happy stirred inside of Micah. He liked being able to help this man especially since he had saved his life. Micah didn’t know why but he felt some kind of connection with him. He didn’t know him from Adam, but it felt as if he did. As if somehow they were supposed to meet. 
He drove Caleb back to his apartment and helped him inside. The apartment was quiet and the twins were asleep. Early to bed, early to rise. At least that’s what they always said. Micah explained that his two roommates were asleep and was trying to keep quiet and leave the lights off as he led Caleb through the darkness.
“I’ll take the couch,” Micah said. “You take my bed and get a good night’s sleep.”
Caleb sat slowly on the bed as if he’d never been on one before. “This is nice. Thank you.”
“Sure. You should probably get out of that shirt. You can wear one my t-shirts.” Micah grabbed a t-shirt from his dresser and handed it to Caleb who had just pulled off his soiled one. Micah couldn’t help but stare---a smooth chest except for a cute trail of hair that circled Caleb’s belly button before sending the eyes lower. His shoulders were broad with a scattering of freckles, his arms were muscular with extraordinary biceps. Micah wanted to lay his head on Caleb’s chest but he resisted the urge. 
“Thank you,” Caleb said again. 
Micah just nodded, he couldn’t find his voice. He gathered a sheet from his closet and the extra pillow from the bed and headed for the couch in the next room. He pulled the bedroom door behind as he left, leaving it slightly ajar. He leaned on the wall before entering in the living room and sighed. 
Oh God… what am I doing?
###
“It’s okay, Sylvia,” Father Sullivan said, standing in the kitchen’s doorway. “Go ahead and go home. We’re all set for the night. All the beds are almost full tonight.”
 She finished the last of the dishes and wiped her hands on a dishtowel “I’m glad we could help so many. I think it’s going to be a cold one tonight.” She flashed him a smile and reached for her jacket. 
Father Sullivan walked her to the door and watched her leave. He switched off the lights and checked in on the residents of the shelter. Some of the older women were making sure everyone had a blanket. 
“Good night,” he whispered to Millie, the matriarch of the shelter and its residents.
“G’night, father.”
He closed the doors to the bedroom and headed through the kitchen and out the back door, locking the shelter up behind him. Father Sullivan rounded the corner of the building and crossed the street. He reached the steps of his church and the air grew suddenly colder than it had been a moment ago. His breath streamed into the air. 
“Where is the traitor?” A soft, sharp voice not unlike the wind moaning through trees, asked. 
“Excuse me?”
“His tracks stop dead here,” Sebastian said. “They just disappear.” He looked over at the church and grimaced. “It’s this blasted place. Infernal holy ground.”
“I don’t know what you’re looking for, son, but perhaps I can help you find it. Come in and tell me what troubles you.”
“I am not your son.” Sebastian’s voice lowered to a hushed whisper.  “I am no one’s son.”
“We are all God’s children.”
“The Father? You know nothing of Him and his cruel games and festering malice for us. You think you are in his graces even when he has turned his eyes from you too. He no longer protects you. Now, tell me where the traitor has gone.”
“I don’t know who you’re talking about. Perhaps you need a warm bed to sleep in tonight?”
Sebastian laughed, hollow, cold, withering and a snarl rose behind him. Father Sullivan saw the tall, handsome demon’s eyes flash red and terror struck him. He rushed to his church doors, throwing himself through them.
He closed the doors and pressed himself against them. His heart pounded in his ears, his palms grew damp. He prayed. The doors buckled. He heard footsteps tap softy up the church steps.
“Go get’em boys!” The doors slammed again and the wood cracked. Another bash and Father Sullivan slid across the floor, hitting one of the pews. 
“Run father…run! You think I cannot enter your place of worship? No primate’s temple to his sky god can keep me out.”
The doors burst open and the hellhounds raced inside, fierce visages of smoke and shadows, the sounds of claws on stone floors, red eyes glaring at Father Sullivan. 
The poor man jumped to his feet and bolted for the altar at the other end of the church. Throwing himself against the altar, he clamored for the gold cross on top of it. “Get thee behind me Satan!” He cried with as much conviction as he could muster.
Laughter came again as Sebastian strolled through the broken doors. “I’m afraid you have me confused with Big D. Oh, I am a high-level demon, an arch-demon to be sure but I’m not at the top. Yet.” 
In the blink of an eye, Sebastian appeared before Father Sullivan who felt invisible teeth clamp down on his hands, wrestling the cross from them. He wailed in agony as Sebastian leaned into him. 
“Where is Caleb? Your holy ground has destroyed all trace of his trail. So, where did he go?’
“Please… I’m begging you…I don’t know any Caleb. I don’t know anything…please…”
“Please, keep begging. It’s adorable.” Sebastian ran his fingers across Father Sullivan’s cheek. The man screamed again, his cheek felt as if it was on fire. 
Sebastian frowned. “You really are telling the truth. Didn’t know your species had it in you. Well, this is disappointing.” He turned away and walked back through the church. “Back to the drawing board. He’s all yours boys.”
He exited the church as growls, howls and Father Sullivan’s screams filled the air. Sebastian crossed the street back to the shelter and saw one of the residents smoking out in the alley.
“Hello friend.” Sebastian placed his hand on the man’s shoulder and stared into his eyes. “See the church across the street there?”
The man nodded.
“Go ahead and set it on fire. When the police arrest you just tell them the devil made you do it.” Sebastian smiled and laughed, walking off into the night, swallowed by the darkness. 
6



“Dude, there’s a man in your bed.” Micah heard Rick’s words before he came up behind him and grabbed his shoulders.
“And he’s hot,” Nick said as he entered the kitchen behind his twin.
“Yes, yes, I know that but thanks guys.”
“Score one for Micah,” Rick said.
“It’s about time,” added Nick. 
“Cut it out both of you. It’s not what you think. I slept on the couch.”
“You slept on the couch? Really?” Rick had doubt in his voice.
“That’s right. He needed help and a place to stay. That’s it.”
“Micah, you are a disgrace to gay men everywhere,” Nick said. “Have you learned nothing from me? How can you let that beautiful man sleep alone? It’s just not right.”
“C’mon guys… not everything is about…”
“Yes it is,” the brothers said before Micah could even finish. 
“I hope I am not interrupting?” Caleb framed the doorway, wearing nothing but a pair of white underwear. 
“No, not all.” Micah stood up from the table. “Come sit down. These are my friends, Rick and Nick. They were my roommates all through college and now we share my apartment. I don’t know what I do without them.”
“I do.” Rick smirked and nudged his brother.
“Nice to meet you. I’m Nicholas.” Nick put his hand out to Caleb who shook it hesitantly. 
“I am Caleb.”
“Hey.” Rick stepped over and put his hand out as well. “We were just going.”
“You do not have to go because of me.”
“It’s not like that,” Rick said. “We always go on a morning run before we go to our jobs.”
“Excellent.” Caleb cracked a nervous smile.
“C’mon, Nicholas… let’s go.” Rick tugged at his twin’s hand and led him to the front door. 
The brothers exited the apartment as Micah went to the refrigerator. “Can I make you some breakfast?”
“Breakfast?” Caleb cocked his head.
“Yeah, something to eat?”
Caleb looked down at himself. “I suppose this body does need nourishment. Yes, I shall accept your sustenance.”
“My sustenance? Sounds kinky.” 
“I am sorry, I did not mean to offend you.”
“You didn’t… it was a joke.” Micah smiled at him and placed a friendly hand on Caleb’s shoulder. His hand filled with warmth. His heart fluttered. “Um… how about eggs and bacon.”
“Whatever you think is sufficient.”
“Okay. Why don’t you get dressed while I whip something up.” 
Caleb nodded and returned to the bedroom. Micah watched him stroll down the hall.
This is crazy…what am I doing? He’s probably not the slightest bit into me. Am I just being an idiot? I can’t help it… he’s….incredible.
Micah pulled out a frying pan, some mixing bowls, a bunch of eggs, oils and bread for toasting. He got to work, setting the table while everything sizzled and the apartment filled with an irresistible aroma.
“That scent is tantalizing,” Caleb said, returning to the kitchen in a pair of Micah’s jeans and one of his t-shirts. 
Micah looked up, noticing Caleb in more of his clothes. Wow, he looks good in my stuff.  “Well you should see how it tastes. Sit down, it’s almost ready.”
Moments later, Micah served them up steaming plates of food and joined Caleb at the table to eat. “You don’t have any other clothes of your own?”
“I should not have just taken yours… I am sorry. I thought you were sharing…”
“Oh I was …of course. You’re welcome to any of my clothes. I just meant maybe I could take you to get more.”
“That would be nice.”
“Okay great. In the meantime, I can throw the ones you were wearing into the community washers. I have the day off today. If you’d like I can also help you find a place to rent or something.”
“Rent?”
“Yeah, an apartment or room of your own?”
“Sure. If you think that is good for me.”
“Well, it wouldn’t be bad. You need a roof over your head.” Micah wasn’t sure he should press the matter any further and watched as Caleb wolfed down his food.
“This really tastes good,” Caleb said with his mouth full. 
“Thank you. I’m glad you like it.”
“I appreciate your generosity. I knew when I first saw you that you were a good man.”
“Please… I should be thanking you continuously. You saved my life and I never even saw you coming. “
“It was just luck. I just happened to be there at the right time.”
“That’s some timing. So where are you from?”
Caleb paused and went silent. Micah could tell he was searching for the right words. Finally, he looked up: “Someplace you have not been to.”
“Well, that covers an awful lot. I’ve haven’t been to many other countries. I’ve been to Canada of course and a few places in Europe.  Oh and I’ve been to Rome, Italy.”
“Oh Rome…I remember it well. Barbaric. Savage. The carnage I witnessed… my brothers reveled in it.”
“You have brothers. What were you all doing there? Was there a protest? A terrorist act?”
“Terrorism? Not in the way you think…I…I…”
“You didn’t just get out of prison or something did you? A foreign prison?”
Caleb shook his head. “You have no idea. It was not a prison…but it felt like one.” He looked down at his plate and said no more.
“I’m sorry. You don’t have to talk about it. It’s none of my business.”
Caleb smiled. “I wish that I could, Micah.”
“It’s fine really. Let’s get you to a store for some clothes. This will be fun.”
###
Nick ran ahead of his twin in Jessup Park, they were as competitive as any other brothers. Trees and thick greenery surrounded the park, attracting everything from birds and deer to joggers and dog walkers. A small lake was at the center of it. Nick and Rick always ran around the lake, challenging each other, trying to one up the other and see who was indeed the fastest. 
This time Rick lagged behind but he didn’t care, he was enjoying the weather and the cool air. Nick looked back once in a while and smiled at him until the hunky dude passing him in the opposite direction distracted him. Nick had to crane his neck to keep his gaze on him and that sexy body, beautiful blonde hair and a nice ass. 
Nick rounded the lake again and the blonde guy came around the corner, their eyes met and smiles were exchanged. They both decided to pretend a little longer… passing around the lake one more time and exchanging glances to one another. 
Finally, the other jogger stopped and nodded to Nick. “Hey,” he said. 
“Hey yourself.”
“Why don’t we talk somewhere private?” The blonde man gestured for Nick to follow before he headed away from the lake and to a wooded area.
“Sure.” Nick began to follow just as Rick caught up to him. 
“You’re ridiculous,” Rick said.
“I am who I am.” He smirked at him.
“I’ll be at the car…don’t take too long.”
“Don’t spoil all of my fun… it takes as long as it takes.”
 The brothers waved goodbye as Nick followed his attraction up a slope into a thick group of trees. 
The blond guy waited for him beneath a large maple tree. Nick walked slowly up to him, his eyes scanning the area for anyone else. Before long he was face to face with the stranger and a second later they were kissing.
They explored each other’s mouths with their tongues as a rushed excitement dominated their encounter. Nick pulled his lips back and whispered into the man’s ear. “I’m Nicholas.”
“Jake,” the man said back, his breathing heavy. 
“Cool.” Nick said and kissed him again. Jake grabbed him and swapped places with him, pushing Nick up against the tree trunk. He slid his hand down Nick’s jogging pants and grabbed his dick, then fondled his balls.
Nick sighed. “Oh yeah…” He reached behind and grabbed Jake’s ass and squeezed it as hard as he could. “So awesome.”
Jake ran his tongue down Nick’s neck and then dropped to his knees, he pulled Nick’s pants down to his knees and went down on him.
“Oh God… oh yeah…” Nick cupped the back of Jake’s head and pushed him on, encouraging every stroke. Faster and faster, waves of pleasure shot through Nick’s body, his legs trembled and his hips undulated. He moaned softly as Jake finished him off. 
Jake stood up as Nick melted in his touch. “You want it…” he whispered into Nick’s ear. 
“Oh yes.” Nick slid his hand to Jake’s crotch to gently squeeze his rock hard cock. He followed Jake’s lead and got down on his knees. He pulled Jake’s shorts down and pleasured him, licking balls while he jerked his shaft, enjoying the smell of him and the musky sweat of his recent exercise.
Jake gasped here and there but was mostly restrained, controlling his ecstasy-laced outbursts. Nick swallowed him down, and continued mercilessly until he climaxed. He stood and Jake pulled him close, kissing him passionately. Nick hugged him tight, closed his eyes and basked in the warmth of him for a moment. 
“That was fun,” Jake said. “I gotta run.”
“Yeah, me too. Maybe next time…we can do a little more?”
“Sure, I’d like that. I run here at various times maybe we’ll run into each other again. I just discovered this park. I’m new to town. Maybe you could show me around?”
“I’d love too.”
“Great. See ya.”
Nick watched Jake run off into the trees and vanish from sight. He smiled, despite himself, realizing although he barely knew Jake, he hoped to see him again. Nick headed back to the park to meet his brother at the car. He thanked his lucky stars he had such a supportive sibling. 
###
Sebastian strolled downtown after dark. He sniffed the air like one of his hellhounds and smiled. “So much vice here. So much pain. This place surely is a delight.”
He turned down an alley. His hands twitched, fingers wiggled. The hellhounds materialized beside him, steaming foam drooling from their snouts. 
“Caleb has been here. I can sense him.”
Some people, denizens of the streets, fled at Sebastian’s appearance but one or two remained. They stared at the arch-demon absently, wondering who he was and if he were a cop. Sulfur scented the air. 
“Please,” Sebastian addressed them. “Carry on. Be true to your nature, primates.”  His eyes glowed red and the two men in the alley returned to their needles. They then sat on the ground and shared a bottle of whiskey. 
Sebastian walked by them, his steps echoing in the alley, the hounds snuffling and scratching along the street, trying to pick up Caleb’s trail again.  He could smell the rot inside of the derelicts and it stirred pleasurable sensations inside of him. 
“Joey…. What the fuck is that?” One of the men began to panic as he noticed the hellhounds shifting in and out of reality right before him. 
The demon stopped, turned to the men and sidled up to them. He leaned into the panicking man and whispered. “It is your nightmares come true. The sin of your deeds, the destruction of your bodies, your temples. It is the reward for your life of nothing. And you want more.” He nudged closer, his nose pressed against the side of the man’s head, sucking in the fear and shame the man that he exuded. 
“Tomorrow morning you will find your stash spent and you will rob for more. You will compound your sin and take from others to fulfill your desires. Let nothing stop you. Kill if you have to. You need your fix.” 
Sebastian patted the man on the shoulder and walked away. The men looked at one another knowingly, smiling, riding on their highs until the suffering crash of the morning. 
“Where is he? Do not let me down, my boys.” Sebastian let his fingers roll through his hounds’ prickly tendrils and burning spirits. He crossed the street and paused. A flash of goodness assaulted him. “What has that traitor been doing? Caleb! Caleb! Come to me. Lucifer is going to be so angry with you. You will taste his wrath for all of eternity. Fool.”
“Don’t move, fucker.” A man appeared out of the darkness, standing behind Sebastian. “Give me your wallet.”
“Wallet?” Sebastian grinned, turning slowly. “I have no such human appendage.”
“I said don’t move…I’ll stick you man.”  The thief pulled out a switchblade but it became red hot, burning his hand. The knife plummeted to the street as he squealed with pain. 
“Hungry boys?”
The hellhounds formed out of the shadows and descended on the thief as Sebastian continued his path, whistling as he walked. 
###
“I can’t believe you didn’t like any of the apartments today,” Micah said as he and Caleb returned from shopping. 
“I just did not feel good in any of them…. Not like here.”
Micah shrugged and smiled. “That’s okay. At least we got you a whole new wardrobe and a wallet. You really shouldn’t carry wads of cash around like that. Just keep it in your new wallet.” He fished the black leather wallet out of the bags and handed it to Caleb.
Caleb looked at it quizzically and slid it into the pocket of his new jeans. He followed Micah around like a puppy, watching him walk down the hall and enter his bedroom, switching on the light. 
Micah removed a few shirts and pants from the bags, along with socks and underwear and starting folding them onto the top of his dresser. “We can look again at apartments day after next, I’ll have the entire weekend off. ”
Caleb stared at Micah, watching him stretch and bend, examining his smile and the light glinting in his eyes. The night had grown dark and this was the only room of the house lit up and the two of them were alone. He didn’t know why, but Caleb was nervous for the first time since escaping purgatory. Micah had an affect on him that was unexplainable but real. He felt his body, his vessel change whenever they were near each other, a rise in the body’s heartbeat, the tingle of his skin, the funny feeling in the pit of his stomach. Even his breathing was strange. 
He liked it. All of it. And he liked Micah. He was good and decent, he gave himself to whoever needed him. He had yet to come across a man like Micah, now and in all the times he visited the earth to tempt the innocent and torment the faithful. Oh how he loathed what he was, how he regret every moment of suffering he’d inflicted upon them. 
“Will it be okay with you if I remained here?” Caleb asked.
Micah turned to him. “Sure, of course. Anyone who saves my life is a buddy of mine. I can sleep on the couch a few more nights.”
“You do not have to resign yourself to the couch.”
Micah looked at him, his face flushed red. It was adorable. “What are you saying?”
“This is your abode. You should not sleep elsewhere. I think we should share your quarters.”
“Quarters? Yes, of course. I could sleep in a sleeping bag on the floor or we could set up a cot or something. It’s nice that you don’t want to put me out. The floor wouldn’t be very comfortable though.”
“The bed is large enough.”
“It is isn’t it?” Micah scratched his head and his gaze swept from Caleb to the bed then to the floor. He shifted his stance and seemed uncomfortable. 
“Surely you have shared the bed before?”
“You have no idea.” Micah chuckled nervously. “Although it has been a while.”
“I would very much like to stay with you.”
“Then you will. No problem.” Micah stepped closer to him. “You are welcome here as long as you want.”
“Thank you. You are so kind and generous. I see why the others stay here with you.”
“They’re my closest friends. Of course they…”
“Am I your friend?”
Micah lost his thought. He searched for words but only one would come out. “Yes.” He stared into Caleb’s eyes and the two of them found themselves dangerously close. 
Caleb’s entire body flushed with warmth as Micah leaned in and kissed him. Their lips met softly, tracing one another until the kiss deepened and a rush of sensations shot through Caleb. He lifted his hand slowly to reach for Micah…
The front door burst open. Footsteps clapped on the floor.
“Why is it so dark in here?” Rick’s voice bellowed.
“Micah!” Nick called. 
Caleb jumped and he pulled away from Micah. “I should not…” he lowered his head and slipped from the room. Micah stared, mute. 
7

Nicki checked herself in the mirror one last time before heading outside. She got into her car and drove off. She was a bit nervous. She was on yet another first date with someone she’d met online. Been chatting with him for a month or so. Now they had agreed to meet at a small Italian café in the city. She hoped he wasn’t another weirdo or control freak. The last one wouldn’t stop calling her, even after she’d ended it. The one before him was ready to marry her after the third date. Then there was the cop that expected anyone who’d marry him to stay home to bake pies and have his children. Yeah, right. 
Despite all this, she still wasn’t giving up. The man for her was out there she just knew it. Nicki took a shortcut through the back roads with very little streetlights and thick woods on either side. The moon added much-needed glow to the darkened roads. Her mind drifted back to Jim and his online pictures, his auburn hair and beard, his green eyes and killer smile. He was athletic, adventurous and smart. He seemed too good to be true. 
“Shit!” Nicki slammed on the brakes just as something darted across the road in front of her. Strange, black, wispy forms flashes by her, paws scratched along the street, tails filled with bristles lashed at the air and in a second they were gone.  
“Dogs? Were those dogs?” She shook her head and looked to both sides of the road, waiting for more but nothing came. I think they were dogs. Yeah, they had to be dogs… please no coyotes… not in Blackstone. 
She continued through the back roads to downtown and pulled into the café. Inside there was Jim, waiting for her. His smile was bright and warm. Her heart fluttered, he was even better looking in person. 
The hostess sat her at the table and after greeting Jim, he actually stood when she arrived, she spotted a familiar face in the corner of the room. Hmm, Dr. Jake from the hospital.  He was with a young man she didn’t know.  They shared an appetizer as Jake rubbed the young man’s hand.  Well, he seems to have no problem making friends. Poor Micah, missed another one. 
“Huh? Oh sorry, Jim. I was distracted. Yes, I’ve been at the hospital for about three years.” She smiled at her date and flipped through the wine menu.
###
Micah saw Caleb standing just outside the apartment door. He was looking up at the night sky. Micah walked outside and joined him, his neighbor’s doors flanking them on both sides.
“Hey,” Micah said softly, gently placing his hand on Caleb’s shoulder. “I’m sorry. That was pushy of me. I shouldn’t have kissed you without even knowing if you were into guys or not.”
“No… no…I liked it.” Caleb turned. “That scared me. I was not sure what those feelings were. I have never had anyone… this is weird for you. I should stop.”
“You don’t have to stop. It’s okay.  I was rushing things. I’ll slow down. You’re still welcome to stay here but I think I will pull out my old sleeping bag.”
“I want to stay here…with you…very much. You make me feel good, Micah. Can I stay?”
“Of course. I just need to check with my friends and make sure they’re okay with this. They live here too and get a say.”
“I understand.”
“C’mon back in. Nick and I are cooking dinner for everyone.”
“More food… okay. I’m beginning to like food…I mean… your food.”
Micah chuckled. “Okay. Glad you like my cooking. Just you wait. You won’t ever want to leave.”
“I do not think I will,” Caleb whispered under his breath.
In the midst of devouring a fantastic meal, Micah addressed the table. “Guys, is it okay if Caleb spends some more time here with us? He’s going to stay in my room, so no one will be put out.”
Rick and Nick looked at Micah, then at Caleb. They shared a smile between them. Micah knew what they were thinking…but he also knew in their hearts they were happy for him. 
“You don’t have to ask our permission,” Rick said. 
“Right, it’s your place, Micah,” Nick added. 
“I know but I didn’t want to make a big decision like this without talking to you guys…. You know how I am.”
“Yeah, yeah we know. Mister goodie two-shoes,” Nick laughed. 
“Of course Caleb can stay,” Rick said. “Our place is his place.”
Caleb looked over them all and his cheeks blushed. “I appreciate your generosity. Your hospitality to strangers is overwhelming.”
“Whoa, let’s not over exaggerate here,” Nick said. “We just want Micah to be happy.”
“Yes,” Rick added. “It’s all about Micah and his happiness. As long as Micah is happy then we’re happy…”
“Alright guys,” Micah called. “Shut up and finish your damn dinner.”
The table laughed and Caleb joined them, laughed out loud but it was clear he really didn’t understand their humor. And that made him even cuter in Micah’s eyes.
###
It was the dead of night when Sebastian discovered the entertainment district on the outskirts of Blackstone.  Neon lights caught his attention, cigarette smoke filled the air, and the thump of a steady music bass vibrated beneath the demon’s feet.
Here, he saw various strip clubs, dance clubs and bars that catered to all manner of debauchery.  He almost felt at home here, harkening back to many souls in Hell that wallowed in the vices that led to their downfall, trapped in time and doomed to repeat their darkest failures over and over again. He was glad to discover this little pocket of darkness, it sang to him. 
“Carnal desires and works of the flesh.” He walked along filthy streets to a black door with an easel sign outside. Heaven and Hell Night. Free Admission before midnight. It sounded right up his alley. “I may indulge with these primates for a bit. Let me enjoy some of the comforts of home.” A joy filled his black heart as he entered the nondescript door of the secluded building. For just a while he put aside his primary mission to relish the depravity at his fingertips. And if there wasn’t enough for his tastes…. he would craft it himself.
“Wait for me, boys,” he spoke to the hellhounds. “Rest while I recharge myself.”
Sebastian entered the club and the first thing he saw were the black lights. “Ambience,” he quipped. Beyond the purple light was a stage. Upon the stage a woman decked in leather whipped a shirtless man wearing angel wings. With each whip he moaned and she sighed with “Oh yes….”  A small crowd watched, most of them dressed in leather and studded harnesses or underwear.
Unimpressed, Sebastian moved on. He walked past the stage and into a long narrow hallway. As he reached the end of it he heard the music pounding. He stepped through an arched doorway to a huge dance floor. Men and women mingled in a mash up of half naked bodies and writhing sensuality. 
Men wore harnesses with white wings and black wings. Women wore corsets and halos, some wore white wings, some wore horns on their heads. Topless women danced in cages that were suspended from the glittering ceiling. 
In between the dancing, people drank, made out, and slipped into dark corners for a bit of fun. The smell of sweat, smoke, and sex mixed in the air and became intoxicating to the arch-demon.
“Lust is in the air,” Sebastian said as a huge smile twisted onto his face and he observed the humans around him, gratifying their every carnal desire. 
He strolled into the crowds, skimming his fingers along tight asses and gyrating bodies. Sebastian spread uncontrollable desire and aggression among them. Two men who had been kissing suddenly started a fistfight. Bouncers descended on the men quickly and dragged them away. 
A woman dancing with her husband, left him to dance with a woman she’d never met. She kissed the other woman and fondled her tits before the two of them vanished into the shadows. 
Sebastian found himself flanked by a man and a woman, a couple dressed in red and black with matching angel wings. They fawned over the handsome and well-dressed demon. 
“Wow, you are hot,” the woman said. 
“You have no idea.” Sebastian smirked. 
“Oh, you’re right baby,” the man said. “You know how to pick them.”
“Mmm, mmm.” The woman kissed Sebastian, long and deep. “He tastes fantastic.”
“Let me taste,” the man said, pulling Sebastian close to him and kissing him, slipping his tongue into his mouth. 
Sebastian reveled in the sensations. He’d never experienced true carnal pleasure… not like the incubi and succubi did. They were their own legion demons with a single motive. He slightly envied them. 
“I’m Lila,” the woman introduced herself.
“I’m Finn. We have our own private space rented…why don’t you join us for some fun?”
“Lead on, devils.” Sebastian let the couple lead him to their room nestled downstairs, away from the dance floor. It was a small, cramped room with a sling and chains in one corner and a mattress on the floor covered in satin sheets and plush pillows. 
Sebastian let them both kiss him again before he took hold of the two of them and forced them down on the mattress. He tore the leather bodice from Lila and felt her breasts, pinching her nipples. He then spread his legs over Finn’s face, urging him to undo Sebastian’s pants.
Both Lila and Finn took turns going down on Sebastian’s hard dick. The demon leaned his head back and let the pleasure take him, his human body twitching with delight. He climbed in between them and slid his hand up Lila’s skirt, slipping his fingers inside of her, fucking her with them.
He grabbed a handful of Finn’s hair and pushed the man back onto his dick. Finn took it willingly, sucking it down to the base.
“Ohhh,” Lila moaned. “You are so hot, your touch is like fire inside me.”
Sebastian growled, it rose from his chest and slithered up his throat. He pulled his fingers out of Lila and licked them before peeling the skirt from her body. He pulled Finn from his dick and climbed onto Lila, sliding inside of her and fucking her hard.
Finn crawled over to Lila and she took hold of his dick, sucking it as Sebastian continued to fuck her. Finn leaned over and made out with demon. A rush of heat flowed through Sebastian and he enjoyed every moment of it. 
“Turn around,” he shouted at Finn. He slid out of Lila and entered Finn’s ass, fucking him with powerful thrusts, making the man yell out and beg for more. 
Sebastian continued to fuck both of them, harder, longer, using them for his own pleasures. He soaked both of them in, drawing energy off of them.  He felt them inside of him, their life force, their spirits, their pleasure and pain. 
“See with thine eyes,” Sebastian said. “For I am thou master.” Black wings stretched from his back and loomed high in the air. 
Lila and Finn gasped as if for air. They struggled to escape the demon, terror in their eyes but could not. Their muscles had atrophied, their eyes had gone blind. They collapsed under Sebastian’s weight and their flesh shriveled. 
“Hell is now your only night, forever.” Sebastian let go of them and stood. He snapped his fingers and his clothes returned to his body. He left the room quietly and basked in the screams of discovery, as club patrons cried for the owners to call the police. 
###
Micah heard the covers stir and the bed creak. He looked up from the sleeping bag and saw Caleb sit up.
“I cannot sleep this way, Micah. You shouldn’t stay on the floor. We can share the bed, please.”
Micah smiled. “Okay.” He climbed out of the sleeping bag and gently eased himself into the bed, trying not to disrupt the bed or Caleb’s position. He fought against getting too close to him or brushing up against him despite that he felt his heart beating just a little bit faster. 
Caleb set his head back down on his pillow. He sighed. He licked his lips. He turned on his side and sighed again. Caleb turned over and looked at Micah. He wanted to speak but hesitated. 
“I-I can’t sleep,” he said finally.
Micah looked into his eyes. “Me neither.”
“I am really fond of you, Micah.”
“I like you too, Caleb.”
Caleb exhaled. His eyes lit up. “You make me feel happy…just being around you …I cannot explain it.”
“It’s okay. You don’t have to.”
Caleb stared into Micah’s eyes for the longest time. “May I touch you?”
“Yes.”
Caleb reached for Micah with a trembling hand, laying it gently on his bare chest. His finger gently explored Micah’s chest and nipples, traveling down his ribs to his belly. Micah could feel how nervous Caleb was. 
Micah moved closer to Caleb, reached over and caressed his face before kissing him. Their lips met and they kissed softly, gently, deeply as Micah slipped his tongue into Caleb’s mouth. The fallen angel flinched but then relaxed. 
They slid their arms around each other and made out, sliding the sheets off of themselves. His body feels so warm, warmer then anyone I’ve ever been with. He’s almost hot. Micah held him tight, relishing his broad shoulders and tight muscles. He felt Caleb’s heart beating very fast and his own started beating faster as well, keeping rhythm with Caleb’s.
“It feels so good to hold someone else,” Caleb whispered into his ear.
Micah smiled and kissed Caleb’s cheek then neck before gliding his tongue down his chest to his belly. He took hold of Caleb’s underwear and slid them down his thick thighs. He kissed his legs and ran his lips over Caleb’s dick. 
Caleb shivered as Micah slid his dick into his mouth. Caleb moaned, his mouth opened and he closed his eyes. Micah felt him quivering in his grip and it spurred him on. He licked down Caleb’s shaft to his balls and lapped them gently. Caleb’s legs twitched and he bucked once, grabbing hold of the bed.
Its as if he’s never felt this before. Micah got a rush out of making Caleb squirm with pleasure. Excitement rushed through him, his heart fluttered, his pulse raced. The smell of Caleb, the taste of him, the sound of his moans, every sensory perception was amplified somehow and felt unbelievable. 
Micah crawled back up to Caleb’s lips and kissed him them, licking them playfully. Following Micah’s lead, Caleb kissed and licked Micah’s neck, chest and belly. “Your skin tastes good.” He pulled Micah’s underwear off and touched his hard cock, feeling it, stroking it before letting his instinct take over. He swallowed it down to the base.
“Oh God…” Micah moaned.
Caleb paused for a moment then continued.
“Oh… oh… that feels so good, Caleb.”
Caleb went down on him again and again, following his natural rhythm and urges. He looked up into Micah’s eyes and melted in his gaze. A few more strokes and Micah sat up, he caressed Caleb’s head and face, slowly pulling him up.  He stretched out along side him and slid into a sixty-nine position with Caleb, sucking him as Caleb returned the favor.
They pleasured each other, taking their time, soaking in every moment, every sensation. Micah had never felt so good, his body tingled with goose-bumps, his mind only thought of Caleb and being with him. This moment was the only moment in all of time. 
Micah stopped and crawled to his knees, he bent over and kissed Caleb before stretched across the bed and reaching for his nightstand. Inside he found a condom and tore open the package with zest.
Caleb sat and watched. Micah slid over to him playfully and kissed him again as he worked the condom over Caleb’s hard dick. Micah straddled him and guided Caleb inside of him, bobbing up and down, slow at first then faster and faster. Caleb’s eyes widened and he fought to hold back his screams of passion. Micah jerked himself as the two of them fucked. Moments later Micah exploded to Caleb’s delight. 
The two of them continued fucking until Micah felt Caleb climax. Caleb cried out and grabbed hold of Micah, holding him tight as his entire body reacted, his chest heaving, his legs buckling. 
Exhausted, Micah slid onto the bed, reaching his hand out to Caleb who took it eagerly. They cuddled up together, kissing. Micah couldn’t help but notice how natural they seemed to fit, how his body seemed to cry out for Caleb’s touch, how magical it all felt. Then he noticed strangely, that his own skin was hot to the touch, as hot as Caleb’s. He forgot about that immediately as Caleb kissed him and ran his fingers through Micah’s hair. 
Caleb’s touch was soothing, like a sedative that calmed Micah’s heart and pulse. He collapsed into his arms and closed his eyes. Caleb’s arms were strong and all encompassing. He felt sheltered from the world.
“That was wonderful,” Caleb said, a sense of joy in his words. 
“I agree,” Micah replied. “You were amazing.”
“Thank you for everything.”
“No need to thank me… it’s what we both wanted.”
“I never knew that until I met you.”
“You’re too kind.” Micah kissed him. “We should try to sleep.”
“I do not think I can.”
“Me neither.”
They kissed quietly, pulling the sheets up over them once more.
8



Warm sunlight splashed across Micah and Caleb. It stirred Micah and he opened his eyes. Then jumped.
“Shit…I’m late!” He rolled out of the bed and fished around his closet for clean clothes, nearly tripping over his rumpled sleeping bag. “I have to pickup Nicki in twenty minutes.”
He threw on some clothes, no time for a shower or food, and stretched across the bed. He gave Caleb a kiss. Caleb embraced him, holding him tight, feeling the touch of his skin and the warmth of his body. He didn’t want to let him go. 
“Help yourself to the food in the fridge. I’m sorry I have to rush off but I’ll come home right after. Use the TV, the DVDs, the radio whatever you like.”
Caleb smiled. “Okay.”
“Cool. I’ll be back.” He kissed Caleb again and rushed from the bedroom. “Nicki is going to be pissed.”
Caleb stretched and got up, his feet dangling over the side of the bed. For a moment he remained unmoving, just letting himself feel the bliss he’d experienced last night, the first bliss he’d ever felt in his existence. He got up from the bed and started for the hall when he remembered he was still naked. It was hard getting used to the human ways. He put his clothes from the day before back on and left the room, noticing he was alone in the house.
He rustled around in the refrigerator and found some food but he really wasn’t that hungry. The stove looked ominous to him but he set a frying pan on top of it and turned on the flame the way he saw Micah do it. He wanted to be like him, he wanted to be… human. 
After consuming overcooked eggs and burnt bacon, Caleb turned on the TV in the living room. He sat down and watched various movies and shows, a little of each, a scene here and there. He pushed the buttons on the remote control and flipped through much visual stimulation. There was a science fiction movie showing alien spaceships destroying Earth’s cities. There were old black and white movies of people kissing then arguing, there were war movies with men killing men. 
Caleb stopped on a news station randomly that spoke of terrorist bombings, unrest in the Middle East and war half way around the world. He shook his head and his eyes welled. 
“So much death. So much hate. I wonder how many of my brothers are influencing the humans behind these acts. Why do these humans want to destroy each other?”
He thought of Micah and how he wanted to be in his arms again and make the world a better place for him. Any thought of Micah caused a natural smile to form on Caleb’s face. He turned the TV off.
###
Nicki sped down the street at break-neck speed as Micah performed CPR on a nineteen-year-old girl. They’d gotten the call right before lunch and were surprised to respond to a heart attack victim that was so young. The sirens blared in Micah’s ears, annoying him right now more than they ever had. He looked down at the teenager and hoped for the best. His heart was in his throat.  
“How close are we?” Micah looked over his shoulder.
“Almost there, just keeping bagging her.”
They pulled up to the ER doors and Nicki jumped out. She flung the back doors to the ambulance open and helped Micah roll the girl out. Adrenalin shot through Micah. His muscles tensed as he kept working, moving as fast as he could into the ER. 
Jake met them as they rushed the girl in. He and a few of the nurses rolled the young girl into a bay and hooked her up to IVs and various monitors. Jake ordered adrenalin and other meds to restart the girl’s heart. The heart monitor registered a blip.
“Her blood pressure is coming up,” one of the nurses called. “Her pulse is still weak.”
Micah and Nicki checked in at the ER desk and filled out some paperwork. Doctor Jake came up behind Micah, laying his hand on the small of his back. 
“Micah, can you give me anymore information on this girl? So weird, a nineteen-year-old just doesn’t have a heart attack.”
“She goes to Curry College and lives off campus in an apartment with roommates.”
“Were the roommates there? Did you talk to any of them?”
“Yeah, they said she doesn’t do any drugs at all, never has since they’ve known her. She hadn’t been drinking…except for energy drinks. She was drinking a ton of them the night before because she was cramming for a test. The girls said she didn’t get up for class and they went to check on her. She was non-responsive.”
“Energy drinks. Hmm, I’ll bet she’s an undiagnosed diabetic. I need to do a full screen on her but my gut tells me that’s what it is. Thanks so much, Micah.” He patted Micah on the hack before heading back to the nurses.
Micah stared at him, positive there was more to the touching than just camaraderie. He turned to talk to Nicki when the ER doors flung open again, the second crew, Peter and David rushed in with a gunshot victim and a police officer. Micah quickly surmised what was going on but Nicki’s curiosity got the better of her.
“What’s going on?” she called to Peter.
“Guy tried to rob a liquor store and the cops shot him. He’s going in and out of consciousness.”
 They zipped past them as Nicki and Micah looked on.  The police officer stood right over the prone gunman’s bed as they wheeled him into an empty bay.
“We should probably give them some space,” Micah said. “Things are getting a little crazy in here.”
“Right.”
The ER erupted in chaos as the gunman leapt from the stretcher and collided with the police officer. The two men went down and the thief snatched the gun from the stunned officer. 
Screams filled the ER as the thief wove the gun around and shoved nurses out of his way, making a run for the doors. 
A security officer bolted in front of the doors, a stun gun in his hands. The gunman stopped short and lunged for Micah, curling his arm around his throat. “Back off motherfuckers! I want out of here or he’s dead.” He put the gun to Micah’s head. 
Micah’s shuddered, his heart leapt into his throat, his palms grew damp but he made no sudden moves, not even a sound.
Nicki froze, her knees buckled. “No!” her voice cracked as she watched the man drag Micah to the center of the room. “Please don’t hurt him…”
Micah’s thoughts drifted to Caleb suddenly.
###
Caleb’s eyes welled as he recalled the images of human misery from the TV and wondered how he could possibly help them all. Micah’s image appeared inside of his mind suddenly. The skin of his human body prickled and he gasped.
He’s in trouble. Micah’s in trouble. 
He felt Micah inside of him. He could smell him and the fear that seized him. Caleb panicked. It was the first time in his existence that he’d ever been frightened. He stood and looked around. The house was still empty. Caleb stepped outside of the apartment, just beyond the door. His black wings sprouted from his back, every feather ruffling in a mystical wind and he shot straight up into the sky. 
His arms rippled with scales, his hands shifted into razor-sharp talons and his feet twisted into gnarled claws. Caleb dashed through fair-weather clouds and cut through the air currents to cross the city as fast as he could. He looked down on gleaming buildings, a grid of car-filled streets interwoven with highways and railroad tracks—a techno puzzle of chrome, brick and wood. 
Micah’s essence led Caleb through the city. The fear, the danger, Micah’s spirit called out, and Caleb answered. In the blink of an eye he was above the hospital. In his desperation he’d forgotten his transformation that allowed him to soar. He hated his demon form. Hated every talon, every scale, it repulsed him but he was not about to let anything happen to Micah. 
Caleb landed on the side of the hospital and scanned his surroundings. He knew he couldn’t charge into the ER in his true form. He shifted back into his human shape, sucked in some air, made a run toward the street and rounded the corner.
The gunman dragged Micah toward the doors, his back to them. The doors flung open and Caleb raced in. With inhuman speed he rammed the gunman, pitching him into the air. The guy came down on the floor hard, the wind knocked out of him, the gun spinning out of his grip.
The police officer scrambled for the gun and with the help of the security officer they overpowered the thug and put him back into cuffs. Blood saturated the man’s clothes as the gunshot wounds raged.
“I need a doctor, assholes!” 
They dragged the man to a stretcher as ER attendants rushed to him.
Micah collapsed to the floor and Caleb caught him, helping him to his feet. “Shit, Caleb! You’re here? You saved me…again. What…what…are you doing here? I…”
Caleb shrugged with an innocent look and boyish smile. “I came down to see if you wanted to go to lunch. You do get to eat lunch…do you not?”
Micah laughed and nodded. “Yes….yes I do. Nicki and I usually eat in the ambulance or the break room. Oh, Nicki…”
Nicki ran to him, throwing her arms around him. “I’m so glad you are ok. That was freaking close.” She caught her breath long enough to glance at Caleb.
“Nicki… this is Caleb. He’s staying with me.”
“Is he?” A huge smile drew across Nicki’s face. “Nice to meet you Caleb.” She put out her hand.
Caleb shook it. “You too.”
“Micah was so lucky you showed up.”
Caleb shook his head.
“I am,” Micah added. “Thank you. Again.” He put his hand on Caleb’s shoulder and took his other one, caressing it with his thumb.
“Micah, your shirt,” Nicki said, pointing.
He looked down to see blood staining his shirt. “It’s not mine. It was the gunman’s. I have an extra in my locker in the break room. Caleb, want to give me a hand?”
“Of course,” Caleb said shyly.
Nicki smirked.
Caleb followed Micah to a stairwell and the two of them climbed four sets before entering a door to a hallway. Micah gestured for him to follow him through a wooden door into the break room. 
A set of lockers lined the wall immediately to their left. Micah fished through a locker for another shirt as Caleb looked around the room. There were several tables and chairs, a TV up in the corner, about three refrigerators, lot’s of microwaves and a sink. A phone was on the wall opposite the lockers.
Caleb turned back around to see Micah unbutton his shirt and toss it into a bucket with a hazard symbol on it. 
“Caught you.” Micah smiled. 
“I am sorry.”
“I was just kidding…I’m the one that wanted you alone for a few minutes. I wanted to thank you properly for rescuing me for the second time.” Micah pulled Caleb close to him, easing the fallen angel’s arms around his waist, and kissed him. He lingered on Caleb’s lips, holding him tight. 
“I really like that,” Caleb said.
Micah smiled. “You are so unusual and I really like that. So, about that lunch, I really can’t right now we’re so busy and I have all of this paperwork to do but let’s have dinner.”
“Okay.”
“Great. Meet me back in front of the hospital at six and I’ll take you to our favorite hang out. It’s just across the street.”
“That sounds good.”
“Cool. I’ll see you then. Let me walk you out…who knows, there might even be reporters here now after hearing about your brave deed.”
“Reporters?” A strange feeling stirred in the pit of Caleb’s stomach. 
“Oh, you look like you seen a ghost. It’s okay. You don’t have to talk to them. I understand…. You’re one of those guys who prefers to remain anonymous. I get it. I know another exit from the ER. You don’t have to talk to them.”
“Okay…I would prefer that.”
“You got it.”
Micah walked Caleb out to a side parking lot and said goodbye, returning to work. The fallen angel looked up at the blue sky, felt the wind on his body and watched the people come and go from the hospital visitor parking lot. He picked a bench nearby and sat down, counting down the time until he could see Micah again. 
###
Caleb waited six hours outside the hospital for Micah. It was the only place he wanted to be, he didn’t want to be far from him, not after the close call earlier in the day.
“Hey,” Micah called as he and Nicki appeared. “There you are. Do you want to go have some dinner with us?”
He nodded. “Yes, I would enjoy that.”
“Cool. Our favorite diner is just across the street. Let’s head on over.”
Caleb walked close to Micah as they went the diner and found a table. It was busy as usual, especially in the area of the hospital, firehouse and surrounding municipal buildings. 
“You have to try the burgers here,” Micah said to Caleb.
“I do?”
“Yeah, they’re amazing. What are you having Nicki?”
“Um…I think the Greek salad with grilled chicken.”
“Boring.”
“Some of us are watching our figures.”
“Oh please, your figure never changes.”
“And this is why, knucklehead.”
“You two are friends?” Caleb asked.
Both Micah and Nicki laughed. “The best,” Micah said just as his cell phone buzzed. He looked down at it. “It’s my brother, I just want to grab this. Hello, hey Cole. Yes…Yes I will be there this Saturday.  I didn’t forget I asked for it off. Yep, I know the baby shower is Jack and Jill. Yes, she’s going too. Okay, see ya then.”
“Sondra’s baby shower?” Nicki surmised.
“You got it. He’s afraid I forgot.”
“He should now by now you don’t forget things… you got a mind like a steel trap.”
“Most of the time.”
They all looked up as someone approached the table, expecting a waitress when Jake stood at their table, Nick at his side.
“Jake.” Micah’s eyes widened. “Nick? Hey, I didn’t know you guys knew each other.”
“We met in the park,” Jake said.
“Yes, yes we did.” Nick smirked and Micah was surprised he didn’t correct him on the proper use of his name. 
“Good to see you guys,” Jake continued. “May we join you?”
“Sure.” Micah slid closer to Caleb. “This is Caleb. He’s new to the city too.”
“Great to meet you, Caleb.” Jake said. “This is…”
“Oh, I know Caleb,” Nick said. “He’s staying with us.”
“Is he now?” Jake said with some surprise, squeezing himself beside Micah as Nick slid in next to Nicki. 
Micah felt a hand brushing up against his thigh and it wasn’t Caleb’s. He instantly fidgeted, attempting to move his leg. He pushed closer to Caleb who felt the discomfort flowing from him.  Jake grinned as he made small talk with Nick and Nicki, all the while trying to get a handful of Micah. 
Caleb turned and looked past Micah, staring directly at Jake. All color drained from Jake, and his brow dampened. He made eye contact with Caleb briefly and nearly jumped. He pulled his hand away from Micah and gave him some space.
“Jake, are you all right?” Nick asked. “You look a bit pale.”
“It’s nothing…I’m fine. Just hungry I guess. Where is that waitress?”
After dinner, Micah walked Caleb and Nicki back to his car. He smiled at Caleb and took his hand. Caleb smiled back.
“Was it me or was that just a little bit awkward?” Nicki asked.
“It wasn’t just you,” replied Micah.
They reached the car and Nicki hopped into the back seat, allowing the boys to take the front. She loved watching Micah find some happiness. 
Micah turned to Caleb after they buckled in. “Hey, I would love for you to come to meet my brother and his wife on Saturday? His wife Sondra is expecting their first baby and they’re having a party for her.”
“You want me to meet your family?”
“Sure…. I mean… I know it’s a little soon. We just started—
“I will.”
“Really? Awesome. My brother is really cool. I think you’ll like him.”
“I am sure that I will.”
“Good.” Micah started up the car and put his hand over to Caleb’s. Nicki said nothing from the backseat, for a change. She simply smiled and let things play themselves out. And it was just perfect. 
###
Darkness encroached the city once more and with it Sebastian materialized. He stood in front of the Midtown Diner and glared through the windows. The patrons within window seats shivered with cold. 
The hellhounds curled around Sebastian’s legs, claws shifting to tendrils of smoke and shadow, teeth gnashing, sniffing the air and the trail that Caleb left behind but seemed to be fading rapidly. A siren blared and red lights flashed. The hounds howled but Sebastian stretched out his arms.
“Stay,” he said. “That is one of their emergency vehicles. Lucky us.” Sebastian stared intensely at the ambulance across the street as it pulled into the ER parking area. The ambulance doors flung open and two men jumped out, pulling the stretcher with them.
“He’s gone!” one the men yelled. “Why did you stop CPR? You let him die?”
“He deserved it!” the other yelled back. “He had a long enough life. To hell with him….why should I bust my ass for a ninety-year-old. His time is up.”
“You asshole. It’s your job to help and save others. I’m going straight to the top.”
“Up yours!” 
Both men swung fists at each other and charged each other, toppling to the asphalt. Sebastian laughed.
Inside of the diner, a gorgeous red-haired woman watched the commotion outside, her gaze fixed on Sebastian.  A waiter stopped by, dropped her off some hot tea and her check.
“Is there anything else, miss?”
She looked up with huge green eyes that glinted in the light. “No thank you, you’ve been a doll.”
“Hope you don’t mind but I think you are one of the most beautiful women I have ever seen.”
“Why thank you, handsome. I see the rest of your body agrees with your heart.”
The waiter looked down to see a bulge in his pants. His arms prickled and his eyes grew glassy. He reached out to touch her.
“Oh honey, not now. Sometimes I just can’t help my allure but I’ll be by tonight, in your dreams, my love.” She touched his hand, her fingers covered in scales. “You may go now.”
The waiter nodded and left, returning to his work as if nothing had happened. The woman looked back outside to see an obviously frustrated Sebastian cursing the night sky. 
“The infernal Caleb! Why does his trail keep going cold?” He stormed off away from the hospital, the hellhounds at his side.
The red-haired woman sighed with relief and drank her tea. 
9



Micah folded into Caleb’s arms and kissed him, running his tongue along his neck. He moved to his nipples and sucked on them. Caleb moaned and squirmed. Micah moved his hand down to Caleb’s cock, stroking it, feeling it grow hard in his touch.  Micah started to move his mouth down Caleb’s body but Caleb stopped him.
“No, stay up here and kiss me,” Caleb said. “I love when you kiss me. Kiss me while your hands do the work.”
Micah complied, kissing Caleb deeply, slipping his tongue into his mouth and letting it play with Caleb’s. He caressed Caleb’s dick and balls, slowly teasing him before jerking him. 
Caleb found his hand traveling down Micah’s waist and to his throbbing dick. He tickled him, Micah’s thighs twitching before he settled on rubbing Micah’s shaft. Both men kept pace with each other, making out and jerking one another, breathing in tandem, their moans quiet and sensual. 
Both their bodies tingled and their skin glowed with sweat. Micah and Caleb tasted each other’s lips, and smelled the heat of one another. They were united as one, a single emotion between them. Their passion filled the room and the air thickened. Warmth circled around the two men. Micah closed his eyes, resting his forehead against Caleb’s. 
Micah felt his heart pounding against his chest, his entire body ignited with fiery sex and his mouth opened, a yelp escaping him. Caleb curled his arm around him and held him tight as his breathing quickened. 
They climaxed together, quivering in each other’s arms, bodies undulating. Micah looked into Caleb’s eyes, noticing a mix of ecstasy and innocence and something else…anxiety. Or fear. 
“You all right?” Micah asked him.
“I am wonderful…wonderful with you.”
“Good.” He kissed Caleb then rested his head on his chest. A host of sounds reverberated beneath his heaving chest. “Wow, a lot going on in there.”
“What?”
“You tell me, you’re heart and you’re breathing seems different to me. I don’t think I’ve heard it before in anyone else.”
“Are not the people you help on the verge of dying?”
Micah chuckled. “That is true. Are you sure you’re okay?”
“I have never felt so alive. I have never felt so whole, so revived.”
“That’s awesome. Yeah, that’s sort of what I hear. It’s like a fully charged engine in there.”
“You have that affect on me.” Caleb kissed him back. 
“Cool. I need to use the bathroom. I’ll be right back.”
Micah hopped out of bed and slipped his underwear on. He exited the bedroom and headed for the bathroom when its door swung open.
Jake stepped out, a towel wrapped around his waist, his blonde hair damp from a recent shower. The scent of citrus shampoo and deodorant wafted in the air.
“Oh hey, Micah.”
“Jake? I didn’t know you were here. You with Nick?”
“Yes, I hope it’s okay that I used your shower. I promise I didn’t use all of the hot water.”
“Sure, it’s fine. Nick still in bed?”
Jake nodded then smiled. “He’s insatiable. Once last night then once this morning. Holy moly. I might be going for three right now. You should join us.” He ran a wet finger down Micah’s chest. 
Micah stopped Jake’s hand. “No… thank you…”
“Are you sure? You ever try a threesome. They’re tons of fun.”
“I’m with someone.  Anyway, Nick’s my best friend. He’s like a brother to me. You shouldn’t even be asking. What would Nick think?”
Jake pulled back and put up both of his hands. “Relax. I was just kidding.”
“Right.”
“Seriously. Please, don’t tell Nick. It’s just… that…I think you’re really attractive. It’s just my way of complimenting you.”
“Well, that’s flattering but we’re all involved so let’s keep it to just friends, okay?”
“Of course. I should get back to Nick before he horsewhips me. How about breakfast for everyone? I’m buying.”
“Sorry, I can’t I have to be at my brother’s soon. Rain check?”
“You got it.” Jake flashed his trademarked shiny smiled and headed back to Nick’s room.
Micah waited for him to leave, then shook his head as he entered the bathroom to clean up.
###
The door to the colonial home opened and Micah’s brother Cole greeted them, his smile warm and his eyes bright with excitement. He and his wife Sondra lived in the historic part of Blackstone and they were so excited to be welcoming their first child to the city they grew up in. 
“Micah,” Cole beamed. “I’m so glad you could make it… and Nicki!”
“I told you I’d be here…you’re so paranoid.”
“Well do you blame me? Missed my anniversary party, all those Christmases you were invited to, and should I mention…”
“Okay, okay I get it. I’m turning over a new leaf. Here I am. This is Caleb.”
Caleb stepped forward and put out his hand, the ritual he’d seen all the others perform and had now memorized it himself. 
“Nice to meet you, Caleb.” Cole shook his hand firmly.
Caleb offered a half-smile and nodded. “You too.”
Cole embraced Micah, wrapping his arms around him and hugging tightly. “It’s so good to see you.”
“Thanks and now it’s my turn… you and Sondra got the tickets to the fireman’s ball, right? You are coming… right?”
“Yes, yes. We’re coming. Wouldn’t miss it. Now, C’mon in guys!” 
Micah, Caleb and Nicki followed Cole into the kitchen and to the dining room where all the guests mingled, chatted and laughed. A huge table was filled with all kinds of food from chips and dip to Cornish hens, salad and a variety of cakes and pies. 
Cole fetched his wife Sondra from a circle of friends and walked her over to Micah and the others. She was only a few weeks from her due date but was as cheery and vivacious as ever.
“Micah, Nicki! I’m so happy to see you guys.” Sondra embraced both of them.
“You look gorgeous,” Nicki said. “How do you feel?”
“I feel great, but I’m ready. Totally ready.”
“That’s so awesome,” Micah said. “Congratulations. The due dates is soon isn’t it?”
“Less than three weeks, most likely.”
“I can’t wait to meet him or her.”
“You can’t?”
The group laughed then Micah turned to Caleb. “Sondra, I want you to meet my friend, Caleb.”
“Nice to meet you,” Sondra said as Caleb was already putting out his hand for her to shake it. He stared down at her stomach. 
“The child is a boy,” Caleb said.
“I do look like I might be a carrying one,” Sondra replied graciously. “But we want to be surprised so we didn’t ask.”
“You do not have to guess. It is indeed a boy.”
“Okay…” Sondra cocked her head and stared at him quizzically. 
“It’s okay, Caleb.” Micah put his arm around him. “They’ll find out in a few weeks.”
“It would help them prepare to know the truth.”
“Sondra,” Nicki interjected. “Do you have any names picked out?” 
“Oh so many.” A big smile returned to her face as Micah walked Caleb outside. 
“Did I do something wrong?” Caleb asked as he and Micah stepped out onto the back deck.
“No, not exactly. You just were so insistent. They don’t know the sex of the baby yet.”
“But I do. I spoke the truth.”
“You couldn’t possibly know, Caleb.”
“I do know. I was close enough to the mother and I could feel him.”
“Caleb, you’re scaring me a little. Are you saying your psychic?”
“No, not psychic. Please do not be afraid of me.” He put his hand up to Micah’s cheek. “I mean no harm… I am here to help…I…”
“It’s okay. No big deal. You’re quirky, that’s all. All good. Let’s go back inside.”
Caleb began to turn when something caught his eye—a shape, a movement, a shadow. “I would like another moment. The air is nice.”
“Are you okay? I’m not mad I swear.”
“I know. I am well. I will join you in a moment.”
“All right.”
He waited for Micah to return inside then walked down the deck steps to the backyard. Caleb drew toward the tool shed in the far corner. There was a tall tree on one side of it and he could see her standing behind it.
“Angelique?”
A woman, half dressed in sheer clothing, horns peeking through blazing red hair, stepped from behind the tree, her form hidden in mostly shadow.
“Cal,” she whispered. “You need to come back. Please, come back to Hell with me.”
“What are you doing here? You are risking oblivion.”
“I’m here for you. I’m bringing you back with me, Cal.”
“No.” Caleb shook his head. “I cannot. I won’t. I want forgiveness and this is the way.”
“Father has turned his eyes from all of us. How can you…”
“HE will see me. I am helping his children.”
“This is futile. Come back with me. It’s dangerous here for you. Lucifer knows… he knows everything.”
“I won’t go back. I cannot... not now. I-I-I love someone—A good man. I saved his life and now he can go on saving others. I cannot leave him. We belong together.”
“I can get you any man you want,” replied Angelique. “There are plenty of incubi in Hell. There’s Valefar, Belial, Balthazar. They can look like any man you want. You can be happy with them. You can have multiple men.”
“I only want one.”
“He’s a human, you can’t be with him. What will he think when he finds out who you really are?”
Caleb was silent. He stared at her with concern then began to turn back to the house. “Leave me alone. You were my only friend there but you do not understand.”
“Lucifer has sent Sebastian after you.”
“Sebastian?” Caleb’s voice cracked with terror. 
“He will tear you from your human shell and drag you back to Hell. Oh Cal, he will not rest until he finds you. I have been messing with your trail, throwing him off but he will find you. Please…come with me.”
Caleb shook his head. “No. I will deal with Sebastian. Please go.”  
He turned away finally and made his way back inside.
“Caleb… Caleb…”
Angelique’s calls fell on deaf ears, instead Caleb searched for the man he loved inside of his brother’s house.
“Hey Caleb,” Micah called. “C’mon we’re eating.”
He joined his lover’s side, remaining solemn and distracted.
“Are you okay? I told you it’s all right. Forget about what I said earlier. I didn’t mean to upset you.”
“I am not upset. Not with you, Micah.”
“Okay, let’s get something to eat.” Micah led Caleb to the dining room where he dished him up a plate of food. 
Nicki made her way over to the boys. “I was wondering where you two went. You know how I hate to eat alone.”
“Oh,” Micah said. “I forgot to tell you. Guess who I found at my place this morning?”
Nicki’s eyes widened and so did her smile. “Who? Besides Caleb of course.”
“Doctor Jake.”
“You’re kidding?”
Micah shook his head.
“That man sure moves fast.”
“What do you mean?”
“I saw him the other night when I was on my date, at the Italian café downtown. And he wasn’t with Nick.”
“The man’s a player. He even made a move on me while Nick was just across the hall sleeping.”
“Eww.” Nicki wrinkled her nose and furrowed her brow. “What a dick.”
“Right.”
“He makes you uncomfortable?” Caleb asked Micah. “I sensed something troublesome when I met him. I could strike night terrors in him to leave you alone.”
“Night terrors?” Micah laughed. “No, you don’t have to scare him or strong arm him. I can handle him.”
“Too bad,” Nicki sighed. “He’s so gorgeous.”
“Not my type.” Micah put his arm around Caleb.
Caleb smiled but all he could hear were Angelique’s words. What will he think when he finds out who you really are?  
###
Caleb lay in bed, wide-awake, with Micah in his arms. He listened to Micah snore slightly, more like a kitten purring. Caleb felt his lover’s heartbeat and enjoyed its rhythm, music to his ears. Moonlight streamed through the half-open window. It bathed them in a pale almost ethereal glow. Terrifying thoughts crossed his mind.
What would he do if Micah found out about the real him? There was no way he would love him then. His true self was hideous, blighted, banished and shunned from the light. He spent most of his existence in darkness and cold…how could he now offer warmth to someone as special as Micah?
Not to mention Sebastian was on Earth…looking for him. It was no secret now, Lucifer knew he’d gone AWOL and the dark prince was none too happy. After all, he’s sent his highest arch-demon to bring him back and most likely punish him for more than a thousand years. 
His thoughts drifted to Angelique. She was the only friend he found in the foreboding underworld they called home. For thousands of years they kept each other company, confided in one another, protected each other. They spoke of the fleeting days they spent in Heaven in secret, lamenting their decision to join Lucifer and the consequences of that choice. She treated him like he was more than just a demon within a legion of thousands. 
Angelique, a succubus, excelled at seducing mortal men, she entered their dreams and drew the lust from them. They’d commit adultery, or become addicted to sex, so addicted that nothing else mattered. She’d visit the same ones over and over until their life force weakened and they succumbed to debauchery and ruin. Their souls would wither and they’d seal their fates in hell…where Caleb and his brothers would take over. 
It all seemed like the perfect arrangement, the perfect agreement between them and Lucifer. He reigned in the pit and they served him happily, their reward—the plundering of Father’s most wonderful creation. They would hate them for being his chosen ones and turn as many away from His blessed love as possible. 
Except that they didn’t hate them. Both Caleb and Angelique bore the weight of guilt inside of their dark souls. They wanted to be one of them, one of the chosen. They were weary of the torture, the sin, the war against Heaven. It was futile and fruitless. In all of the millennia never nothing had changed... nothing. No paradise, no victory, no peace or love. All of things Lucifer had promised never came to pass. They were no more than the dust in the bowels of purgatory, a place he had come to revile, a place he couldn’t wait to escape and now that he had… he was never going back.
She showed such bravery in coming to Earth to warn him. She risked her very existence and the wrath of the Dark Lord himself. This was how much she cared for him and he spurned her, turned his back on her. She just didn’t understand how he felt about Micah. This man touched his soul and he felt the good that slowly found its way inside of him. He knew it was because of Micah. 
Caleb hoped she was all right. Hoped she hadn’t been discovered like he had. He wanted to offer her shelter too, keep her hidden so she’d escape Sebastian’s notice. She was clever and resilient but still, he couldn’t help but worry. He felt bad that he pushed her away at the party. Should he go and find her? Convince her to return home? Perhaps she too could find happiness here on Earth… perhaps she could escape the darkness and the cold and live in the light as he now did. She deserved that too. She could repent, just like him. If he could so could she. 
The only thing that stood in their way was Sebastian. Caleb’s heart sped up. Micah stirred. The moon vanished behind some clouds. The arch-demon was more powerful than anything Caleb had ever crossed paths with, one of the most feared in all of Hell. But Caleb wasn’t about to let anything take him away from his love. 
10


The temperature dropped overnight. Damp, thick fog settled over Blackstone. It wafted in the streets and swallowed the city lights. Sebastian relished it. He basked in it. It was like the fog of war he’d experienced so many times upon the Earth.
Sebastian served in many wars. He led Roman soldiers into battle, inspired many horrors at the Nazi death camps and danced in the jungles of Vietnam. He whispered into the ears of terrorists and drove men to insanity and the fall of cities. 
Yet nothing compared to the war with Heaven. He led many of Lucifer’s legions against the angels. Not even the Archangels could take him down.  The infighting between angels seemed to empower Sebastian. He had an appetite for slaughter and destruction and adored the darkness. In the midst of the war in Heaven, Lucifer crafted a fog to blind the angels and aid his legions but it had failed when the Light of the Lord entered the Archangel Michael. Michael banished the trick and Lucifer’s legions fell.
Tonight reminded Sebastian of that battle and it brought a smile to his face. Truthfully, he didn’t care who’d won the war he just enjoyed the carnage. Fighting in the fog and the dark was invigorating, intoxicating and the only thing that had struck fear into him was the Light of the Lord. That was why even now when he walked the Earth, he preferred to do it by night for the sun was the memory of that light and the day weakened him. 
Sebastian smiled as he let the fog whirl around him. His steps echoed in the silence of the city, as if it retreated for the night, humans trembling like children all while the hellhounds searched for Caleb the deserter. 
It surprised him that anyone would want to escape or flee from Hell. It was the kingdom of desires and freewill. Boundaries were non-existent. Pain, suffering, and punishment tasted like candy. Indulgence ruled and one never knew the anchors of time for time had no meaning in Hell. 
Even better, the Father’s children were punished. Punished for being considered perfect, punished for their flaws and their downfalls. Their evil and sins had consequences and Lucifer made sure they paid for their crimes. He performed a service that no one else in Heaven could, so really, he was helping Father out and making sure the undesirables didn’t find their way into those pearly gates. It didn’t matter how or why they came to commit their crimes---only that they did. 
What a glorious and grand leader Lucifer was, a reign that was fair and with purpose. Sebastian was only too happy to serve and was honored by his station. Why anyone would want to leave was beyond comprehension. To flee to this chaotic, unruly, infantile Earth world filled with low-level primates was just plain madness. 
He couldn’t wait to find the traitor and leave this place. If he wasn’t orchestrating a side of a war, this world lost its luster. Many of his brothers would love to roam the Earth the way he was able to. He was not one of them. He deplored this place. Built on filth and masquerading with light, and green trees and roaring oceans hiding the fact that all the while its animal population shit on what they were given and sucked it dry. Sickening. Just walking on the land made his skin crawl and that light… that blasted golden radiance that reminded him so much of Heaven made him want to scream. 
His anger at Caleb grew with every passing moment. It was his fault he was here and stuck here until he finished his task. Thanks to Lucifer for the small things, like this fog and for the approval of committing any act he wanted on the primates. 
Sebastian rested on the side of a bridge, the hellhounds sniffing at his feet. Out over the bridge it looked like nothing but oblivion, thick, whirling mist and inky darkness. It reminded him of home. He sighed, missing it already. A moment later and he noticed light attempting to cut through the fog.
His humanoid body twitched and curled upon itself. The hellhounds whined and clung to him. He patted their bristles and allowed the heat of their spirits to scorch his hands. It felt good in the face of the rising sun.  He would begin again tomorrow night. How he loved the hunt. The pursuit of an enemy, the taste of fear on his quarry and the hellhounds at his command—he was on top of the world. His dark heart raced. His smile widened then faded as the sun slowly reached to gain purchase. 
Soon. The coward would show his face. He would reveal himself with his own folly and be his for the taking. The outrageousness and audacity of his act was legendary in Hell. Everyone was talking about it now and it was time to squash this little rebellion before it gained traction, before it gave the others ideas. There was no way this could be allowed, that this could even happen. Caleb would regret that he ever left and Sebastian hoped that Lucifer would allow him to extol the punishment he so richly deserved. He would preserve that moment for all of eternity and repeat it over and over. 
I am coming for you, Caleb. 
###
Steam rose and filled the room. The air was thick and warm.  The bathroom felt like an Egyptian bathhouse, Caleb had seen one once in its prime on a mission with several of his brothers. They had suggested the next conquest to the priests and Pharaohs of the empire.
Unlike then, Caleb felt soothed and loved right now with Micah’s arms wrapped around him. They showered together, hot water rolling down their united bodies. They touched, kissed and held one another, having just finished making love. Caleb liked the cleansing, it was ritualistic, pleasurable, a sensory refreshing. He didn’t want to stop. 
“This feels so good,” he whispered to Micah, hugging him tighter and resting his head on his shoulder. Their cheeks rubbed together gently. 
“I know…but I have to go to work.” Micah kissed him again, rubbing his back up and down before reaching for the bath’s knobs and cutting the water. “Nicki will be waiting.”
Micah stepped out of the tub and grabbed two towels. He handed one to Caleb and wiped himself down with the other. “Hey, I’ve been meaning to ask… I mean… I wanted to ask you…”
Caleb’s eyes widened and his heart fluttered a bit. He was suddenly nervous and didn’t know why. 
“Um, would you like to go to the fireman’s ball with me?”
“Fireman’s ball? What is that?”
“Like a dance…but for charity.”
“I have never danced before.”
“Somehow I figured.” Micah grinned. “It’s okay…you don’t really have to dance. It’s a social event and many of my friends from the fire department will be there. I go every year.”
“Yes, yes I will go with you.”
“Excellent.” He stepped over to the tub and kissed Caleb. “I’ve gotta go before I’m late…again. I’ll meet you for dinner.”
 Caleb watched him dry off quickly and rush from the bathroom. He smiled, growing ever more attached to this human and his soul. He felt him even when they were apart… he could sense his moods and feelings, feel his heart. It was as if they were merging. 
Now, if he only knew how to dance. 
###
Jake rubbed Nick’s hand across the table. “Thank you for meeting for lunch, I know it’s really out of your way.”
“No problem at all. I wanted to. And thank you for buying.”
“It’s the least I could do.”
The hustle of the lunchtime crowd at the Midtown Diner was in full swing, across from them firemen and some nurses laughed and wolfed down their meals. Jake looked around, checking out the various men, wondering if Micah would come in. He knew this was his favorite place. 
“I want to ask you something.” Nick pulled Jake’s attention back to him.
“What is it?”
“Would you go to the fireman’s ball with me?”
“Oh yeah, I heard something about that.”
“Micah made me and Rick by tickets….he always asks our support. It’s really fun. You’ll have a great time. Would you go with me?”
Jake looked up at Nick, his bright eyes and his adorable smile, and saw him waiting for an answer. He didn’t want to disappoint him even through he rather go with Micah. “Of course I will, you handsome devil.”
Nick smiled wider. “Great…I should get back.”
“Me too.” Jake walked outside with him and they embraced before going their separate ways.
###
Nicki filled in some paperwork for the patient she and Micah had just brought in. Micah secured the ambulance while she finished up the boring part.
“Hiya Nicki,” Jake beamed as he passed by her and rounded the corner behind the nurses’ station.
“Doctor Mason.”
Nicki turned back to the countertop and slid her paperwork across it. “Here you go, Maggie. I’m just gonna use your bathroom before I get back to Micah.”
“Sure thing.”
Nicki turned the corner. She was hungry, tired and thinking of what she was going to wear to the fireman’s ball. Before she reached the bathroom she passed the med room where the drugs for the entire ER were housed. She paused, seeing Jake pocket pills from one of the bottles. He stuffed them into his coat pocket, twisted the cap back on and out the bottle back on the shelf. 
Nicki ducked into the women’s room before he saw her. Peeking through the door, she watched him shut the door and returned to the ER. She let out a breath of air and her heart sank. She hoped she just misunderstood. It couldn’t be what she thought it was. Nevertheless she was still a bit shaken when she left the bathroom.
In the break room Nicki joined Micah at one of the tables. He unwrapped a tuna sandwich and opened a bottle of water. He looked up and noticed Nicki with a smile.
“What took you so long?”
Nicki looked around. There were some nurses and other wards in the room with them. “Hi,” she said, lowering her voice.
“What’s wrong with you?”
She waited until the co-workers nearest them had gotten up and left the room. “I think I just saw Doctor Mason steal some drugs.”
“Jake?”
Nicki nodded. “He stuffed a bunch of pills into his coat pocket.”
“Are you sure?”
“That’s what I saw. You know what I think of him why would I make that up?”
“Maybe you misunderstood. Maybe there was no nurse and he needed them right away.”
“Maggie was right there with me. He could’ve asked her.”
“Well, maybe he keeps extras on him for emergencies or something. Maybe he asked about it beforehand.”
“Maybe. I don’t know. I’m not even sure how he got into the supply room. He would need the nurses’ master key. There’s something weird about this whole thing. Do you think we should tell Nick?”
“No!” His eyes nearly jumped from his head. “He’s crazy about him. We don’t know anything. We don’t really know what he was doing with those pills. Let’s just give him the benefit of the doubt.”
“Okay…but I don’t trust him.”
Micah said nothing and took a huge bite of his sandwich. 
“Micah!” Nicki glared at him, her mouth curling into a smirk. “You’re not telling me something.”
“N—no…” he mumbled with his mouth full. 
“Micah?”
“I swear.” 
She knew he was lying and she’d get it out of him eventually.
###
Outside birds fluttered to a feeder across the street and played with one another before soaring off to parts unknown. It was magnificent. Caleb sat outside on the steps of Micah’s apartment watching life blossom around him. 
He breathed in the air and smelled the aroma of fresh cut grass, flowering trees and sweet nectar. A crack of thunder suddenly interrupted his thoughts followed by the sounds of wings flapping. 
“Come on out,” Caleb said.
Angelique slipped from the corner of the house, her human form taking over as she shed the camouflage of the shade and her surroundings. She nodded to him.
“I beseech you once more. Please, my friend…come back with me now.”
Caleb shook his head. “I cannot. This is my home now. Where I can do good.”
“You could do good where you belong. We could do good together. We could speak with Lucifer and tell him of your experience here and how the humans have changed your soul.”
“One human.”
He smiled at her and she smiled back, for the first time in hundreds of years. 
“You really do love this human?”
“Yes, I do.”
She walked up to him and put her hands out, caressing his cheeks. Caleb closed his eyes. “I am happy for you,” she whispered. “I’m just so afraid for you. You are bringing such wrath down upon yourself. You have no idea the danger you and your human are in.”
Caleb opened his eyes. “I am not afraid of Sebastian.”
“You can’t lie to me, Cal. I see into every man’s soul.”
He laughed. 
“I can’t stay much longer before I’m noticed,” she said. “I suppose there’s no point in asking you once more?”
He shook his head again. “Return home, I do not want anything happen to you. You are the only friend I have there.”
Angelique kissed him on the cheek and backed away. Wind stirred her luscious hair and the clouds cast her in shade. She faded out of view but her sensual voice lingered. “Take care of yourself, Cal. May you find what you’ve been seeking.”
He watched her vanish and thought of the danger out there hunting him. Why did they even care? What did one fallen angel matter? Of all the thousands of them in Lucifer’s command why bother with just one?
What makes me so special?
Questions for another time. Right now, he needed to figure out how to keep Sebastian off of his trail or send him straight back to Hell. One or the other. 
11



Nervous wouldn’t even begin to describe Caleb right now. He stepped out of Micah’s car and soaked in the starlit sky and its majestic shades of purple and indigo as dusk bloomed. They walked across a grassy park with many trails, scenic gazebos and a small pond. On the other side of the park and across the street the function hall waited, nestled among the office buildings and storefronts. 
Micah reached out and took his hand. “Don’t be nervous,” Micah whispered to him. “Everything’s going to be great.” They entered the hall together and it was as if Caleb had entered another world. Red balloons filled the room, romantic music wafted from a host of speakers, streamers coiled around the ceiling, people mingled, danced and laughed. The lights were dim but the entire place seemed to glow. 
A buffet occupied one whole wall and had a dizzying variety of food and beverages. Micah recognized his friends hovering around it. He smiled. “Big surprise…they’re over at the food. C’mon.” He waved to various friends he knew on the fire and police departments—Leo Johnson, Henry Bennett, Eric Lanier—some in uniform, some not, as they headed toward the buffet. They also passed other paramedics and doctors from the hospital. 
They made their way to the buffet where Nicki stood with her date, Jim. She was sharing a plate of food with him. Nick was there too, with Jake. Jake had just handed Nick a drink, some spiked punch. Rick was there with a woman he’d met recently online. They made conversations with the others but weren’t eating or drinking.  
Caleb followed Micah over to the others and watched their faces light up. “Hey guys,” Micah beamed. 
Nicki put down her plate and gave him the biggest hug. She looked over to Caleb and hugged him too, he relaxed a bit and enjoyed Nicki’s embrace for all it was worth. 
The others greeted Micah, each with their own hug. Nick and Rick both hugged Caleb but Jake put out his hand, shaking it.
“Good to see you again,” Jake said.
Caleb nodded, looking him in the eye and remembering the diner. Jake looked away quickly.
“Has anyone seen my brother, Cole?” asked Micah.
Nick and Rick shook their head at the same time. Caleb found that fascinating. 
“Don’t worry,” Nicki said. “He and Sondra will be here. They bought tickets.”
“Doesn’t mean they’ll be here,” Micah said. “What If Sondra went early…what if…”
“You’d have heard already. Now stop it.”
“Okay, okay.” Micah turned to Caleb. “Do you want something to eat or drink?”
“Sure.” 
The two of them stepped over to the table. Micah handed Caleb plate and started piling food into it.
“I am not sure I can eat that much,” Caleb said.
“Oh sorry… you have such huge arms I figured you burned a lot of calories just standing there and breathing.”
“Ah…I… do not even know how to answer that…”
Micah raised both eyebrows then laughed. “I’m just kidding and not… your arms are huge.”
“Hey guys.”
Micah and Caleb looked up to find Cole and Sondra beside them. 
“I knew you’d make it,” Micah said, giving his brother a hug and Sondra a kiss on the cheek. 
“Like I would miss the fireman’s ball,” Cole said. “It’s all Sondra and I’ve talked about for months. We just couldn’t wait.”
“All right knock it off.”
Dreamy, soft music caught everyone’s attention. Micah turned to Caleb and took his hand. “Forget the food—dance with me.”
“Micah—I—I do not know how.”
“It’s okay. I will show you.”
Caleb let him drag him out to the floor. He saw all of the others follow and then he really started to feel self-conscious. His heart thumped in his chest. His throat went dry and he couldn’t think straight to save his life. 
He felt Micah slide his hand around his waist and take his hand with his other. Micah closed the space in between them and started to sway back and forth. Caleb watched him, trying to follow his lead. 
“I suck at this.” Caleb bowed his head.
Micah laughed out loud. “I’ve never heard you talk like that.”
A grin found its way onto Caleb’s face. “It’s the truth,” he whispered.
“Wow, Your vocabulary is changing too. Here, just listen to the music,” Micah began. “Let it move you. Look at me, and sway with me. You’ll start to get it.”
Caleb let Micah hold him and shift him from side to side. Slowly he moved in time to the music and kept pace with Micah. He thought he looked ridiculous, but as he looked around he noticed no one was watching, no one was laughing. He looked into Micah’s eyes, and relaxed. 
The two of them swayed, locked in an embrace, listening to the music. Caleb’s heart began to slow down again and his anxiety faded. He closed his eyes and Micah rested his head on his chest.  Caleb filled with pure happiness. He was with the man he loved and encircled by their friends on all sides. 
Micah lifted his head, looked right at him and kissed him. Caleb nearly cried. Tonight was nothing but magic. 
###
Caleb and Micah crossed the quiet city street back to the park. The grass was wet with dew and the air was crisp. Nick and Jake followed behind, as well as Nicki with Jim, and Rick with his new date. They had all parked in the same lot in the city park. 
Clouds suddenly rolled across the horizon and thunder mumbled in the distance. Caleb froze. Micah turned to him, concern on his face. He reached for—
“Hello Caleb,” a voice called and thunder echoed.
The entire group stopped and turned to see a well-dressed man standing in the park. A strange mist gathered at his feet. 
“I have been looking all over for you,” Sebastian said with a smirk. “Your trail is hot now, quite hot. In face, this whole place reeks of you.”
“Caleb, who is this?” Micah asked.
“You haven’t told any of your new friends about me?” Sebastian quipped. “That really hurts me. All the time we’ve known each other? Well, I shouldn’t be surprised after you ran away like that. You’ve been a bad…bad…boy.”
“Micah get behind me,” Caleb said, grabbing Micah’s arm.
“What? Wait…what’s going on?”
“Please… now…” He yanked Micah hard.
Sebastian fanned his fingers and fixed his gaze on Caleb. On the ground beside him, shadows gathered to form substance, claws, teeth and bristles materialized. Hellhounds coiled around the demon’s feet and stretched across the grass. Ungodly howls pealed through the park. Nicki covered her ears. The hounds bolted.
“Get’em boys.”
The hellhounds shot straight at Caleb. Everyone screamed and Nick made an impulsive move, inserting himself between one of the dogs and its intended prey.
“What the fuck!” Nick cried as it leapt into the air. “What kind of a dog….”
It crashed into him, toppling him to the ground and ripping into his chest.
“Nick!” Micah cried.
Jake and Rick screamed with him, rushing the strange animal.
“Micah!” Caleb called as the other dog rushed him. It bolted into the air and Caleb put up his hands, catching it in both arms. He wrestled it to the ground as tore into his arms, shredding flesh, wounds smoldering. Sparks shot in every direction. Vicious teeth clamped down on Caleb’s hands. 
Rick and Jake dove to the ground, and tried to pull the animal off of Nick but the bristles slashed them, they tried again and again despite the pain.
Nicki screamed and pulled Rick’s date out of the fray. “Nick, oh my God!”
Micah turned back to his lover and yelled. “Caleb! Caleb no! Someone call the fucking police.” He rushed over to Caleb who fought valiantly with the hellhound.
“Micah no,” Caleb cried. “Stay back… it will kill you.”
Caleb rolled on top of the beast, a barbed, reptilian tail whipped around beneath him, coiled into the air then wrapped around his torso. Caleb winced and stretched, fighting it with all of his strength.
“Christ… Caleb…someone help!” Micah cried. “Help!” Thunder crashed, drowning his calls.
Caleb locked both hands onto the beast’s head. Smoke puffed from its nostrils. He pressed and twisted with all of his strength. He looked over at Micah. “Get back! Now!”  Micah retreated, turning his attention to Nick. Caleb jerked again, his eyes flashing with red, his hands shifting into claws and a heard a snap. The hellhound fell prone and withered.
He stood and spotted the other hound still trying to maul Nick, the poor guy thrashed and covered his face with his arms as the thing ripped and gnashed. Caleb dashed across the park in a flash. He slung his arm around the hound’s throat and squeezed.
A cloud of vapor and shadow exploded and everyone fell to the ground. Caleb shook his head and got up. He saw Sebastian glaring at him, his eyes glowing deep red, a rage in them unlike anything he had ever seen. 
“It burns!” Nick cried. “Oh my God… it burns!”
“Quick!” Jake yelled. “We have to get him to the hospital.” With the help of his twin Rick, Jake hauled him up and dragged him to his car.
Micah’s eyes welled with tears. “Nick…we…have… I need to go with them.”
Sebastian lifted his arms and the clouds stirred. Wind lashed. Lightning splintered across the sky. A Lightning bold struck the park and fire ignited.
“Damn you, Caleb!” Sebastian’s voice thundered. “I will slowly rip the flesh from you for destroying my boys.”
Caleb shook his head, pushing himself back as another lightning bolt struck dangerously close to him. His heart was in his throat. His entire body trembled. “No!” He sped to Jake’s SUV and climbed in with Micah and the others. 
“He’s seizing!” Jake yelled. “Micah… Caleb…someone…”
“Here,” Micah yelled. “Lay him down. Caleb, hold him.”
Caleb stretched Nick out, his blood on his hands and held him in his arms. Micah ripped off Nick’s shirt and pressed it into his wounds. Nick buckled, convulsed then passed out.
“No Nick! Stay with us.” Tears rolled down Micah’s cheeks. He leaned over and gave mouth to mouth to his best friend. “C’mon Nick… C’mon.”
Caleb felt terror fill him, coupled with despair. He had no idea what to do or what to say. He watched Micah use his skills trying to save his friend and again… it touched him. This human being without regard to himself, in the midst of tragedy and terror, stepped up and did whatever was necessary. Now, Caleb’s eye filled with tears.
“We’re almost there,” Jake called. The SUV raced at breakneck speed, rocking and bouncing over bumps. 
Nick coughed suddenly and his eyes fluttered.  “That’s it, buddy.” Relief washed over Micah.
Caleb looked up into Micah’s eyes and he saw fear there. He hated that. Hated. He didn’t know what to say to him, all he knew was that things were not going to be the same. His heart sank.
Jake pulled into the ER entranceway and came to a screeching halt. Everyone leapt from the car. Caleb pulled Nick up singlehandedly and walked him through the ER doors. Micah stood frozen, watching in disbelief. 
###
Hours later they were still waiting for Jake to come out of the ER operating room. Silence had permeated the waiting room. Nicki got everyone coffees from the cafeteria. 
Micah finally turned to Caleb. “What just happened tonight?”
Caleb didn’t answer.
“Was that an ex-boyfriend of yours? Are you being stalked by some psycho ex?”
“No… it’s not that… he’s…he’s… one of my brothers.”
“That was your brother?”
Caleb nodded.
“What the hell…”
“You do not know the half of it. You wouldn’t even believe me…”
“Why don’t you tell me, Caleb? I’ll believe you. What’s going on? Why would your brother…”
“I have many brothers. All of them similar to Sebastian…well, he’s one of the stronger ones. They do not want me here. Sebastian was sent to bring me back home but I don’t want to go there. It’s a dark place. It’s abusive and terrifying.”
“Oh my God, Caleb. I’m so sorry. I knew you might be running from something…I just never thought—”
“They would never understand us… you… they would hate you. They will try to tear us apart.”
“This is bullshit. I can’t believe there are still assholes like that. It’s because you’re gay… they don’t want you to be with a man.”
“Not exactly… it’s not what you think. I mean…”
“No, we can’t let them do this to you. We’ll call the police. They can’t get away with that shit. Those dogs nearly killed Nick. He’s a murdering psycho and he needs to be locked up. I’ll call the police right now.”
“You can’t.”
“Why not?”
“They will not find a trace of him. Believe me. They won’t find anything… to them he won’t even exist. The dog’s bodies will be gone and besides we would never be able to prove they belonged to Sebastian. The police cannot help me.”
“Caleb…what have they done to you?”
He shook his head.
“We won’t let them touch you. Understand? We’ll protect you.” Micah stood up and paced.
“Damn right,” Rick said. “You’re our friend now. We’re not going to let some crazy shit come and mess with you and Micah.”
“No one is gonna break you two apart,” Nicki said. “You’re too damn cute together.” She tried to lighten the mood. 
“They won’t find you at my place,” Micah said. “If they do we’ll take care of it. I have lot’s of friends on the police force.”
Caleb smiled. He half believed Micah but he knew it wouldn’t be that easy. He reached for Micah’s hand. Micah leaned over and kissed him. He whispered to him. “We’re together now. I’m not going to let anything happen to us.”
Nicki pulled Micah aside. Her voice was low. “I think I saw those dogs before.”
“What? When?”
“On my date with Jim. I’m almost hit them with my car. They rushed out in front of me. There was something really weird about them. It was like they weren’t really there… or really dogs or something. I don’t know.”
“We’re all tired.”
“What are you going to do? There’s some psycho family out there wanting to pound the shit out of Caleb for dating you. They’ll probably beat your ass too.”
“I know. I’ll be careful. I’ll keep all the doors locked. He doesn’t know who I am or where I live.”
“You don’t know that.”
“Please…what’s he some sort of secret agent? I’ll keep the police on speed dial. I’ll mention something to Eric on the force.”
“Oh sure, they’ll tell you to get a restraining order like that ever helped anyone. Yes, a piece of paper will keep the losers away.” She rolled her eyes. 
Before she could go on, Jake appeared in the waiting room. His scrubs were streaked with crimson. “He’s stable now,” Jake said. “But really out of it.”
“Thank you so much, Nick,” Micah said. 
Everyone gather around, even Caleb. 
“When can we see him?” Rick said.
“He’s really out of it right now,” replied Jake. “He’ll be sleeping for hours. Probably best to see him in the morning.”
Everyone nodded. 
“I’m going to get cleaned up. I’ll be back in a bit.” Jake walked away, heading for the bathroom.
Micah turned to the others. “I’m gonna use the bathroom too and check on Jake, see if he’s alright.” He motioned to Caleb, who looked like a lost puppy. “I’ll be right back.”
He left the waiting room and headed down the hallway. He spotted the men’s room down on the right and made his way to it. Micah pushed the door open and just caught a glimpse of Jake cup his hand to his mouth while sliding a small bottle into his pocket.
“Nicki was right,” Micah spoke up. Jake jumped. “Were you high when you worked on Nick? Were you?”
“Micah…I… no… never…” 
Anger surged through Micah. He felt his face grow hot. “Don’t lie, Jake.  I saw you.”
“I just started taking them. They’re only to relax me. A new job, a new city, and new friends. They’re so many expectations on me, so much pressure. It was just to get me through my transition.  I swear I didn’t have any while I was with Nick. Please don’t tell him.”
“Jake.”
“Please, Micah. I really care about him. Micah, I’m a doctor. I know what I’m doing. I can control this. I’ll stop…right away. Please…”
Micah just stood, staring. He looked away, toward the sink, suddenly noticing that Jake had left the water running. He walked over and turned it off. He softened his voice: “I won’t tell him. But you gotta stop… not just for Nick, for all of your patients. You’re putting them all at risk.”
“I know.” Jake nodded. “I know. I swear I’m done.”
Micah nodded. “It’s been a rough night for all of us.”
Jake put his arm around him and Micah let him, this time. They walked back to the others, supporting one another. Micah hoped he would stay true to his word. 
###
Sebastian held the ashes of the hellhounds in his hands. He wept over them. His sorrow turned to utter hate and rage. Screaming, he let the ashes blow away in the wind. 
“Caleb!” He spat at the sky and clinched his fists. A circle of fire rose up around him and the wind howled. Flames crackled. “I will see you tortured in Hell for this. My boys… my boys… you’ve destroyed them and I will have your soul for this. It is now personal.”
He opened his mouth and the flames streamed into him, his eyes glowed deep red and his human body rippled, his perfect clothes nearly tearing apart. A moment later they did as black wings tore from his back and unfurled. A couple of feathers fluttered into the air, dancing on the wind. 
Sebastian took flight, soaring through the night sky. It would be more difficult to track Caleb without his pets, but it could still be done. It had to be done. He would not rest until he found the deserter, the traitor…the murderer. There was no place on the Earth Caleb could hide from him. He could run for all eternity and Sebastian would follow. 
He will suffer for all of time my mind hand for his crimes. By Lucifer I swear it. 

12



Nick stirred, opened his eyes and tried to make out where he was through blurred vision. He felt someone holding his hand. His head cleared and he focused, finally seeing Jake smiling at him from his bedside.
“Jake...”
“I’m here. How are you feeling?”
“Eh..like I’ve been run over by a truck. God, it felt like I was on fire or something.”
“Well, you’re here now.”
“How long have I been out?”
“About eighteen hours or so.”
“Great.”
“All of your friends have been here.”
“Even Rick?”
Jake chuckled. “Especially your brother.”
“Oh, ok.”
Rick stepped into the room, a plant in his hands. 
Jake stood up and smiled. “Well, I need to get back on call.” He slid his hand over Nick’s and leaned over, kissing him.
Nick looked up with a half-smile. “Jake, thank you…for everything.”
Jake smiled then left the room as Rick took his seat next to the bed. “How’s my little bro?”
“Little bro? You were seven minutes ahead of me…please…”
“That’s my bro. You’re getting back to your old sarcastic self already.”
The brothers shared a laugh as the morning shifted to afternoon.
###
Nicki looked out the window but still no Micah. She looked at her phone and was about to dial when he pulled into the parking space. She grabbed her stuff, ran outside and pulled the door shut behind her.
“Where have you been?” she said the moment she jumped into his car.
“Sorry. I was talking with Caleb. He’s feeling so guilty about the other night.”
“He should have told you about his psycho family.”
“I know…but can you blame him? He was afraid I’d dump him…as if.”
“All of this is creeping me out, Micah. Did you see those dogs? They weren’t normal dogs.”
“Nicki, it was dark and foggy. We were all just terrorized by the vicious animals…I…”
“No, I know what I saw. I saw them before. Something really weird is going on here. I’m worried about you. His family might be some killer cult that worships some fictional God that rises from the ocean or something.”
“He’s got a fucked up family…who doesn’t.”
“This is beyond fucked up.”
“I’m not going to be bullied by someone. Especially assholes like that. That’s it. I love him, Nicki.”
Nicki was quiet for a moment. Then looked over at him. “And how exactly did Caleb kill those dogs? Did you see him? He snapped their necks. How did he—”
“Have you met him? He’s pretty big. His arms are huge. And the adrenalin…we’ve seen a lot of things on our job… he was in survival mode. He probably didn’t even know he had it in him.”
“Just be careful… please. What else don’t we know about him?”
“Nicki…he’s a good guy who’s been abused by his family. He needs understanding and caring. Don’t give up on him. I’m asking you, for me.”
She was quiet again, glancing outside, watching some dude walk a German Shepherd. Chills slithered down her spine. “Okay.” 
###
Caleb walked far from the apartment. His mind wandered into all sorts of horrific scenarios. The worst of it was losing Micah or even Sebastian killing him in an act of vengeance. 
There were ways against that—protection that Father had crafted at the beginning, before the war in Heaven had ended.  There were just rules that needed to be followed. He was bound to them. 
The city was alive with traffic, pedestrians, construction and the race to accomplish, to acquire, to consume. Car horns honked, chisels tore up streets, conversations escalated on cell phones, and laughter echoed. This was life. This was the humans in their glory, in their weakest and their strongest, this was chaos that worked, and the struggle that bound each soul to the other. 
He came upon a homeless man clinging to a bottle like a life preserver. He felt the man’s pain, read his memories, the loss of his job, the loss of his wife, the past that would not let go. Caleb approached him and set his hand on his head. 
“Your addiction is no more,” Caleb said. “You will seek redemption, you will seek a new life of your choosing. No longer will you be a slave to this life. Your children are waiting.”
Tears filled the man’s eyes. He smiled at Caleb. “Thank you…Thank you...” He turned and dropped the bottle into the trashcan beside the bench he had slept on. He crossed the street and vanished into the midst of the city.
Caleb walked on, guilt heavy on his shoulders but at least he knew Nick had survived. It was nothing short of a miracle. There weren’t many that survived an encounter with hellhounds. 
Outside of the city was some preservation land, tall pine trees and hillsides. A river ran through it and Caleb felt drawn to it. He sat on the edge of it, watching the water flow. Robins and Cardinals glided overhead, skimming the water briefly and soaring away.
He looked into the water and a face appeared. Sebastian glared at him. Caleb pulled back, terror crippling him. The arch-demon was everywhere and would never rest. Caleb had to face him before he ruined everything. Did it mean revealing his true self to Micah? He wasn’t sure he could. He was convinced that would be the end of things. The end of their love. 
Caleb couldn’t bear to lose this man but he couldn’t risk putting him in danger. He wept, looking back into the river and seeing nothing.
“Let me go!” he cried. “I no longer belong to Lucifer! Go back to Hell Sebastian! Go back and leave us alone or I will smite thee!”
He looked down at the river’s shore and shifted his hand into its clawed form.  He scratched a nearby rock, etching a strange symbol onto it—a triangle with a star in the center of it, then he drew a double circle on the outside of that, in between the circle he carved a host of tiny symbols that looked like arrows and runes.
I will never go back… 
13


Waking up next to Micah and his smile was something Caleb no longer thought he deserved. His heart was breaking and he feared the danger he was putting him in. Micah kissed him and Caleb winced.
“What is it?” asked Micah.
“I should go. I am putting you in great danger.”
“No. Don’t let them do this to us. We can’t let anyone tell us who to love.”
“I couldn’t face any harm coming to you. Not because of me. This is all my fault. Your friend nearly perished because of me.”
“It’s not your fault that your family is sick. You’re not responsible for what they do. Simple as that.”
“You don’t understand. It’s far more complicated than that. They are vast and reach to all corners of this wor—
Micah cut him off. “I am not going to let anything happen to you. He doesn’t know where I live anyway. If and when he bothers us again I’ll call the police.” He jumped out of the bed, slipped on some underwear and a t-shirt and headed out of the room. “Want some breakfast?” he called from the hallway.
Caleb rolled to his feet and followed him. “Micah wait… I need to tell you something.”
“Shit!” Micah froze as Caleb joined him at the kitchen threshold.
Sebastian stood in the kitchen, eating a banana slowly, seductively, licking it, swallowing it down. When he finished he let the peel fall to the floor. “This what you do with your new human friend, Caleb? Must be nice. Oh, watch the peel, people have been known to fall to their deaths because of them.”
“Sebastian, no…”
“Did you think I wouldn’t find you?” Sebastian shook his head. “You may have killed my boys, but I still have my ways.”
Micah snatched a lamp from the corner of the living room and rushed the arch-demon. “Get out of our lives, asshole!” 
Sebastian smashed the lamp from Micah’s grip but that didn’t stop him. He followed up with a punch that Sebastian caught in mid throw.
“Ah fuck! My hand is on fire…” Micah dropped to his knees.
Caleb growled, his eyes flashed red and black-feathered wings stretched from his body. He dove across the room, tackling Sebastian and crashing through the kitchen window.
The fallen angels toppled to the ground, shifting into their true forms, claws and teeth scratching and nipping. Caleb’s wing flapped like mad as he rolled on top of Sebastian. 
“I will not let you hurt him!” Caleb cried, slashing at Sebastian’s face with his claws.
Sebastian laughed. “Caleb please…” He seized Caleb’s arms and rolled him over. Black horns sprouted from his forehead and he pulled Caleb up, hoisting him off his feet. “The daylight might weaken me, but I can still best you.” 
He hurled Caleb across the yard, slamming him hard to the ground. “Look at you. You’re pathetic. You love this human…don’t you? You reek of him. He is all over you. I can’t believe you lie with this creature. They are lower life forms and our enemies… enemies of our Master. How dare you love them, any of them? They deserve nothing but destruction.”
Caleb stumbled to his feet. “You have never felt love… we have never felt love. It changes you… brother.”
“You are no longer my brother. You are now my enemy. There is no room in Hell for love and when I drag you back there, you will suffer eternally for your crimes. The souls of the damned will have pity on you.”
“I will never go back. You can tell your master I renounce him.”
“Oh Caleb, you are a joy. I almost respect your tenacity. But enough of this charade. Time to go home.”
Sebastian spread his wings and lunged for Caleb. He bashed him down again, grabbed hold of his webbed foot and pulled him into the air.  He glided past a cluster of trees and Caleb reached out, snagging a branch. 
The two of them tangled in the tree’s branches and fell out of the sky, hitting every branch down. Caleb hit the ground first and his human form took over. He tasted blood in his mouth and felt his body ache with pain. He rolled out of the way and Sebastian smashed beside him.
“Blasted sunlight,” Sebastian spat. He reluctantly returned to his human body to heal. Bruises peppered his face and his nose bled. He glared at Caleb and laughed. 
Both fallen angels struggled to their feet. They faced off, hands curling into fists, bodies tense. Sebastian smiled and Caleb charged him, screaming. He shoved the arch-demon into the street and a huge trailer truck smashed him head on, sending him into orbit. The truck’s brakes screeched and the vehicle nearly jackknifed as it collided with a two other cars and shutdown the entire road.
Caleb turned and started back across the neighborhoods. He put his hand over some of his wounds and they already began to heal. Finally, he reached Micah’s apartment and saw him standing in the doorway. All color had drained from his face.
“Micah…”
###
“Wings… you have wings…” Micah paced and scratched his head. “I’m not crazy. I saw it. Wings, and scales and a tail and… and...” he turned to stare right into Caleb’s eyes. “What are you? Who are you?”
“Micah, I’m sorry.” Tears welled in Caleb’s eyes. “I wanted to tell you but I didn’t know how. I was afraid… afraid …”
“Who are you, Caleb?”
“I’m a fallen angel.”
“A demon?”
Caleb nodded. “I was thrown out of Heaven when I supported Lucifer with his war against our Father. But I was wrong. I should never have followed him. Father was right to be angry but we were misled. We were used. For thousands of years I did Lucifer’s bidding and corrupted human souls, urged them to sin, and tortured them when they came to Hell but I could no longer bear it. I was sorry for all that I had done. I wanted to repent, to earn my Father’s forgiveness. I escaped Hell and then I found you…”
“It’s real?” Micah’s eyes widened. He ran his hand through his hair and practically fell onto the couch in the living room. “Heaven, Hell? Angels, demons? It’s all real? All of it?”
“Yes.”
“Holy shit.”
“I know this is a lot to take in. And I know I should have told you right away but from the day I saved your life I thought you were special. There was something about you that I had never encountered in any human in all of existence. You were pure… pure of heart and soul. A love burns in you that I have never seen…I…”
Micah put his head in his hands. “Holy… shit…”
“I’m sorry, Micah. I know that you could never love a foul thing like me. I have brought nothing but misery and evil to your kind. But I am making up for it… all of it. I will not go back there and I will do good for all of my time.”
“Show me again.”
“What?”
“Show me your true self.”
Caleb shook his head. “It is twisted and ugly. It is my dark part.”
“Show me.”
He did as Micah asked and let the human body fade away for a moment. In its place stood a scaly being with horns and claws, his eyes glowed a fiery red and his black- feathered wings nearly spanned the room.
Micah got up from the couch and took a few steps closer. “No. This is not the real you. It is not what you are now. The physical self is just a shell. It’s what’s on the inside the counts and this isn’t it.”
Caleb returned to his human form and smiled.
“See,” Micah continued. “This is what you really are… the being you inspire to be. I know you. I know what your heart is really like. I have seen it.” He approached Caleb slowly and put his arms around him. His voice became soft and soothing. “I’m not giving up on you. Everyone deserves a second chance.”
Caleb wept. “Thank you, thank you.”
“We will get through this together. Now… how do we get rid of this Sebastian or whatever he is?”
“He is a higher level fallen one. An arch-demon. I am a lower level fallen. He is one of Lucifer’s highest-ranking generals, commanding legions. I can hold my own but I’m not powerful enough to destroy him…. Not on my own.”
“Then we’ll get you help. Tell me what to do...I can—
“Hey, we’re home!” Rick’s voice filled the house. He and Nick walked slowly down into the living room. Nick leaned on his brother for support, his chest wrapped in bandages beneath his plaid, button-down shirt, his neck in a brace. His cheeks still had some scratches but they looked a lot better than before. They reached Micah and Caleb and all color drained from Nick’s face. 
“Whoa...whoa…whoa!” Nick yelled. “What is that? Shit…I’m seeing things!”
Rick grabbed onto him as his brother nearly collapsed. “Nick, what the hell is going on? What’s wrong?”
“You tell me, bro. What do you see over there?”
“It’s Micah and Caleb.”
“That’s not Caleb…. Is this some kind of joke?”
Caleb’s mouth dropped. He leaned in to Micah and whispered: “He can see my true self. The scars left by the hellhounds…”
“So that’s what those things were,” Micah said.
“He can see all of us, now.”
“It’s okay, Nick.” Micah headed over to him. He gave him a hug then pulled back. “What you’re seeing is real.”
“What?” Nick looked at his twin brother. “What is he saying?”
“This is going to sound unbelievable…but Caleb is a fallen angel. He escaped Hell and is on the run from his demon brothers.”
Nick’s mouth gaped. “Am I still high on pain drugs? I must be.” He laughed out loud. “Because I think you just said Caleb’s a fallen angel.”
Micah nodded and smiled meekly. “I did. It’s true, guys. Caleb is making amends for corrupting souls and condemning them to Hell.”
“You’ve got to be kidding,” Rick said. 
Nick shook his head. “He’s not. If I haven’t gone completely insane then I can see who Caleb really is and man, are you freaking scary.”
“I’m sorry. You will be able to turn if off once you’ve seen the true form. Just close your eyes and focus on my human side.”
Nick closed his eyes, remembering Caleb before the hellhound attacked and slowly reopened. “Okay… you’re gorgeous again.”
Caleb blushed.
“What the hell is going on?” Rick said, raising his voice. 
Micah sucked in some air and let it out. “Caleb is in trouble and I love him. I’m going to help him get away from the demon that has come to take him back to Hell. I don’t care what Nick saw. It isn’t him. Not the real him. We are together and I’m not going to let anything rip us apart.”
Rick and Nick both sat dumbstruck. They looked at one another then at Micah. They smiled in unison, and that always freaked Micah out. 
“Okay,” Rick said.
“Yeah, okay,” Nick agreed. “How can we help?”
Caleb moved to Micah’s side and took his hand. “You said you loved me.”
“Yeah, I know.”
“Guys? Waiting here.” Nick gave shot them both a look.
“Sorry,” Micah said. “We were just trying to figure this out. This demon is called Sebastian and he’ll be back as soon as he recovers from the last fight.  We need to stop him or send him back to Hell.”
“How do we do that?” Nick asked. 
“There is a way…but I’m afraid I cannot do it. It is not within my power. I can fight him for all eternity but to send him back… I need all of your help.”
“Anything…” Micah said. “Damn it.” The doorbell startled everyone. They all turned to see Nicki at the front door.  “Great… now I need to explain all over again.” He headed for the door.
###
Sebastian climbed out from the side of the truck and limped to his feet. Blood ran down his head. His left arm was mangled. His clothes were torn to shreds. He stumbled across the street, traffic screeching to a halt in front of him, and made his way to a bar. 
Inside, all heads turned to him, chatter stopped and mouths dropped. Eyes widened. Sebastian dragged himself over to an empty barstool. Patrons gave him a wide berth. 
The bartender, his shirt wet with booze, his beard scraggly and his face a mask of surprise, stood rooted to the spot and dared to engage the arch-demon.
“What can I get you?”
Sebastian laughed, loud and hearty. “I doubt you have any spare arms so I’ll have your strongest whiskey.”
The bartender got him what he asked but felt compelled to stay as Sebastian carried on, laughing some more.
“Ya know…they just don’t understand how good they got it. Take you primates for example. You’re expected to bow down and worship and kiss ass or you’ll never get into that all lovey dovey Heaven with its self-righteous angels, and those annoying cherubs with their fat, rosy cheeks.  But we owe Heaven nothing. Nothing but our contempt. We can do whatever we want to you human filth, tempt, torture, possess, deprave, cause disasters, accidents, blame, guilt, doubt, fear. But if you do anything out of line… anything… bye, bye Heaven. And he wants to throw all of that away. He would rather prance around up here and leave our glorious pits for what? Because he thinks he loves one of you?” 
He downed a glass of whiskey and beckoned the bartender to fill another then another and another. He winked at the man who couldn’t walk away from Sebastian even if he wanted to. 
“It’s all so selfish…don’t you think? Lucifer wants him back and I come up to get him and how does he behave? Throwing me into a truck. Such a thankless, spineless demon. He should have his dark wings stripped from him. He doesn’t deserve them. Hit me again.”
Slowly, the cuts on Sebastian’s face began to vanish. His left hand stretched and cracked, reforming right before the entire bar’s eyes. The bleeding stopped and slowly Sebastian’s muscles and bones knitted back together. He was whole again. And ready for more.
“Thanks for that.” He winked at the bartender then looked down at his body. “Humans have such fragile bodies.”
14



“Ah, excuse me? What?” Nicki furrowed her brow.
“It’s not going to sound any less crazy if I repeat it,” Micah replied. 
“So… demon?” She looked at Caleb. “Hell, Heaven? It’s all real?”
“Yep,” Micah said. “But he and I prefer fallen angel.”
“I see.” Nicki laughed and shook her head, rubbing her forehead. “I can’t believe this.”
Caleb approached her and put his hand on to her shoulder. She flinched but looked up into his eyes. “I’m sorry I was deceitful but I do love Micah and I would do anything to protect him. And all of you. I do not want anything to happen to any of you. We need your help.”
The corners of her mouth curled and a smile worked its way onto her face. Nicki slid her hand over Caleb’s. “Of course. This is just a lot to take in.”
“I know. It is for me too, believe it or not. I never thought I would meet someone like Micah, let alone have these feelings…I have never experienced this before… only before the Fall, when I had my Father’s love. It’s a bit frightening.”
“Love is frightening and so is this Sebastian character.” Nicki looked over at Micah who seemed so vulnerable and scared. 
“I don’t want him to take Caleb back.”
Nicki walked over and took Micah’s hand. “Then how do we stop him?”
Caleb entered the center of the living room. Nick, Rick, Micah and Nicki gathered around him, sitting on the couch and loveseat. 
“There is an ancient way of casting protection against demons and even sending them back to purgatory. All angels, both Heaven’s and fallen ones have a sigil that represents them. It’s a written language… a holy language used in in Heaven and Hell, created by our Father. The sigils are the spelling of our names in the holy script. I cannot use them against my brothers, none of us can. Only humans can wield them against us. Father created this as a safeguard incase Lucifer tried to launch an all out attack or invasion on Earth. His angels would come to fight and give you the sigils of the fallen ones so you could protect yourselves.”
“How do they work?” Micah asked.
“Very simply. You write down the sigil of the fallen one, and hold onto it to protect yourself, like a shield around your body. Now, if you were to manage to place the sigil on the fallen’s body, his human or demon body, you could banish him back to purgatory.”
“Perfect,” Rick said. “Let’s get going. Write this asshole’s name down and let’s put it on him.”
“It will not be that easy,” Caleb warned. “He will not just let you place it on him and once he discovers you have it, he will do everything in his power to take it from you and destroy it, leaving you defenseless. All of you, must have belief in it or Sebastian will break through it.”
“Do you know Sebastian’s sigil?” Micah asked.
“Yes, everyone in the legions knows his. He is one of the most powerful of the arch-demons and most ferocious. I will scribe it for you.”
“Write it down for each of us,” Micah said. “We should all get a copy, then we can carry it on us and be protected.”
“Or,” Nicki began. “We could lure him somewhere and get it on him somehow and banish him.”
“It’s too public here,” Micah said. “We need to go somewhere more secluded or something…”
“The construction over in the old part of the city,” Rick said. “Where they’re doing all the restorations. They shut it down at night, we’d have a big space but it’d be closed in so he couldn’t escape.”
“I like it,” Micah said.
“I don’t,” said Caleb. “It’s dangerous. You don’t know what you’re up against. He’s laid waste to nations. He’s seduced humans to committing genocide. He is the prince of atrocities. If he gets to just one of you... he could.. he could…”
Micah got up and went to Caleb’s side. “No one is more scared then me but I think we have to end this. Just shielding us won’t be enough and what about you? You can’t use a sigil to protect yourself. You said yourself you’re not as strong as him.  He won’t ever stop trying to come after you and that means… us. You know he won’t ever stop. Deep down you know it. We can’t just keep running forever.”
“I know you are right but I fear what may happen.”
“We’d never live our lives if we let fear control us. This is what being human is. We take chances, we push on despite our fears, because we have to. We have to try.”
Caleb nodded. “Yes, you are right. We should try if we ever want to stay together.”
They kissed, long and lingering, embracing one another and holding on, never wanting to let go. Micah rested his head on Caleb’s chest. 
Nicki’s eyes welled. She couldn’t believe a demon, a fallen angel stood right before her, in love with her best friend, the best man she’d ever known. 
“Okay.” Micah sighed. “Let’s get started.” He grabbed a pad of paper and a magic marker and handed them to Caleb who sat down at the kitchen table.
Caleb drew a star inside of a triangle inside of a double circle. One by one, he drew the rune symbols and the strange glyphs that formed Sebastian’s name, his official sigil. He handed the first one to Micah who stared at it with great interest.  There was something glossy about the sigil, something mystical and ancient. Micah felt as if he was the first human to set eyes on this written word, this alphabet and language crafted by immortal beings that were far from their understanding.
After that, Caleb continued to draw one for everyone and handed them out to the entire room. Everyone stared at the sigil and cupped in their hands as if they were made of gold. 
“Let’s start with right now.” Micah headed into the kitchen and pulled a knife out of the butcher block atop the counter. He rushed to the front door with determination and yanked it open. He used the handwritten sigil as his guide and carved a copy of it onto the door. Everyone watched him, Caleb smiled, a mixture of love and pride in his eyes. 
“There,” Micah said. “At least we can sleep tonight. That should protect the house. He won’t be able to get in tonight.”
Caleb went to him, slipping his arms around him. “That should work. That was such a smart thing to do.”
“I have my moments.”
“What do you want us to do?” asked Nicki. 
“You should do this to your condo door.”
She shook her head. “No way. I’m staying here with you guys. We’re doing this together. Tomorrow night, we need to get that bastard to the old city.”
“Thanks Nicki.”
“You don’t have to thank me, sweet cheeks.” She pinched Micah’s face. “I will always have your back.”
“Thank you.” He gave her a kiss. “Well, this is kinda fun… guess we should play some board games? Watch a movie?”
Nick rolled his eyes. “You’re kidding, right? I was having more fun in the hospital.”
“Nicholas…” Rick scolded.
“You have any better ideas?” Micah asked. “It’s not like we can go roaming around the city. Just suck it up for one night.”
“We can take turns watching over each other,” Nicki said. “Incase he finds a way in.”
“Good idea,” Micah said. “That way we can all get some sleep.”
“Sounds like a blast.” Nick reached for his cellphone. “I need to call Jake and let him know what’s up. I—
“No!” Micah startled him. “I don’t think that’s a good idea.”
“Why not?”
“He’s new to the city, to you, to us. This is going to sound crazy. Tell him you’re not well and he should leave you alone for a while.”
“You don’t know him. He won’t like it… he’ll think I’m being shady.”
“We don’t want to put him in danger too. We can keep him off Sebastian’s radar. You don’t want to put him at risk, do you?”
“No.” Nick sounded disappointed. 
“Okay, then think of something to tell him. Keep him away from you for a few days.”
“Okay, okay, I will.”  Nick threw down his phone and rubbed his face. 
Tensions were already building.
###
Jake looked down at his hard cock and stroked it again and again. He thought of Nick then of Micah. He thought of them both, together. His mind conjured scenarios of the three of them together, sucking and fucking. He grew even more turned on as he jerked himself. 
He bit his lip and closed his eyes, holding back his moans as his hand worked his dick over. Jake grabbed his bed sheets and held them tight. In the fantasy both Nick and Micah were going down on him. 
His hand slid over his chest and pinched his nipples…imagining Micah nibbling on them as Nick licked him from head to toe. Jake opened his mouth and sighed with ecstasy, his dream getting even more intense as he took turns fucking each of them, riding them hard as the sweat poured down him.
Jake’s heart raced now. He could almost smell the sex in the bedroom. His toes curled and his legs buckled as he let out a big breath of air and came. His chest heaved and he sprawled out on his bed, calming himself down, regulating his breath, letting his heart return to its normal beat. 
After a rest, he jumped up from the bed and headed for the shower. He stopped by his dresser first, picked up his cell and dialed Nick. He let it ring and ring but it only went to voicemail. That was the third time today. Nick was supposed to be at home resting. His brother Rick picked him up that morning when he was discharged. He swore he’d give Jake a call but still hadn’t.
His thoughts darkened and his fanciful dreams turned to suspicion as he imagined Nick meeting another man, maybe in the park where they’d met. Nick would take the guy into the woods and get down on his knees…just like he did with…
“No. Just stop.” Jake shook his head and went into the master bathroom. He popped open his medicine chest and grabbed the bottle of pills. He tossed a few into his mouth, cupped his hand and swallowed them down.
The steam of the shower filled the bathroom as Jake let the hot water roll down his body.  He could barely concentrate. Nick… why haven’t I heard from him? Where is he? Fuck… he better be at home… The water ran hotter… and hotter…Jake grimaced and growled. 
And he would be late for work. 
###
Nicki sat up wide-awake but didn’t know how she was doing it. The boys all slept around her. It was her turn to watch over them. They stayed in Micah’s living room, using sleeping bags, pillows, and plush blankets. There was something cozy and adventurous about it all and then she looked over at Caleb holding Micah in his arms.
She worried for Micah. Where was his future? What did it even mean to be in love with a fallen angel, someone that was never born on the Earth? Someone that had already existed for thousands of years probably before the first humans even climbed out of the primordial swamp waters. 
She got up from the couch, slipping the blanket off her and went to the kitchen to get some water. The nightlight was glowing above the sink. Micah always kept it on. He had in all the places he’d lived, even when he was in college and especially when he lived at home. 
Between sips Nicki glanced outside and saw a shadow flash by the window. Setting down the glass, she stared intensely but couldn’t make anything out. She turned to leave when she caught shadows in all of the windows. Chills shot down her spine and her heart plummeted. 
The shadows flickered at the same time and Nicki jumped. She dashed into the living room and all shadows wriggled. Nicki looked around and found herself drawn to the front door. She walked up to it, and heard movement on the other side. 
“Nicki, open the door.”
She recognized that voice but wasn’t sure how. She stood before the front door and paused.
“Open the door so I can set things right,” Sebastian said.
That was it. It was Sebastian on the other side of the door. He’d returned just like they feared he would. Nicki turned around to see all of the guys sleeping. She wanted to wake them… she really did but something held her back.
“Nicki, I know you’re afraid. You have a right to be. Caleb’s soul is dark. His heart is black. He will bring nothing but evil down on Micah. I can take care of that. Just let me in and I will take him back with me. Then everything will go back to the way it was.”
Nicki looked back at the door then to Micah and Caleb sleeping in each other’s arms. 
“Come on, Nicki. I feel the doubt in you. I sense the fear multiplying inside of you. Caleb is from Hell. He will destroy you all. Don’t let him. Stop him. Just open the door and let me help you.”
She leaned against the door, pressing her face on it. It felt so cold. Her gaze swept to the broken window Micah and Rick had patched over with plywood and particleboard. Through the gaps she saw Sebastian standing just outside, glaring at her.
Her heart fluttered and her throat went dry. Nicki sucked in some air and nearly choked on it she was so terrified. Her heart pounded so hard now she swore it tapped on the door. 
“I---I---” She reached for the doorknob.
“You’re doing the right thing. Everything will be okay. I promise.”
Her eyes widened. “Promise?” 
“Promise.”
She backed away from the door. “No. I won’t. No one ever keeps their promises.”
“Fine. Have it your way.”
She heard dozens of footsteps rumbling outside. Fists pounded on the door. “Shit!” Nicki screamed. “Everyone up! They’re trying to get it!”
“What is it?” Micah jumped up, falling out of Caleb’s arms. “Is it Sebastian?”
“Yes,” Nicki replied. “And he brought others with him.”
Micah and Rick looked out the window and saw a crowd of people outside the apartment. Sebastian stood at the rear of them and winked at Micah. 
“There’s a ton of people out there,” Micah turned to Caleb.
“He’s controlling them,” Caleb said. “He influences the weak-minded and the lost… those who doubt themselves and our Father. They now serve him.”
“Great…” Micah sighed. 
The door buckled. Thumps reverberated around the entire apartment. The walls shook, the door cracked. It was as if an earthquake assaulted the building. 
Nicki jumped back, joining the others’ side. “What are we going to do now?”
“He is a clever one,” Caleb said. “He will use them against all of you to get to me.”
Rick got beside his brother, pulling a baseball bat from the coat closet. “I’m not letting them touch you, bro.”
Nick pulled the neck brace off of himself and prepared for attack. “I’m ready.”
“They’re going to get in,” Nicki said, her voice full of worry. She found a large chef’s knife in Micah’s kitchen.
A booming noise rocked the apartment and the front door ripped off its hinges. A crowd of men and women stormed in. Sebastian pushed them aside as he materialized inside of the room. 
Micah and all of his friends formed a wall in front of Caleb. Each of them pulled the sigil from their pockets.
“Your crimes just keeping growing, don’t they Caleb?” Sebastian glowered. “You dare give the humans my sigil… MY NAME! You betray me and all of your brothers for them!” 
“Sebastian… stay away or we’ll send you back.”
“You’ll send ME back?” He roared with laughter and gestured to his human captives. They rushed Micah and the others.
Nicki’s heart leapt into her throat and she swung her knife but none of the invaders touched her. She turned her head slowly and got a glimpse of Caleb’s true form—scaly flesh, glowing red eyes.
The air in the apartment thickened. Caleb spread his wings and flapped them hard. A blast of wind ripped through the room, and a sonic wave blasted the humans with a thunderclap. 
All of the humans went down unconscious. Caleb grabbed Micah by the arm and leaned into him during the shockwaves. “I will lead him out… meet me at our spot. We send him back now!”
“Caleb no!”
Caleb nodded to his lover and took flight, soaring through the open doorway and up into the night sky. Sebastian turned and followed, his wings opening wide.
“Everyone hurry,” Micah cried. “We need to get to the old city. Caleb is leading him there.”
They rushed outside to Micah’s station wagon and piled in. He tore out of the parking lot and raced down the street. He bolted through red lights and gawked at the sky. He saw two points of fiery light streaking across the onyx horizon. 
Micah swallowed hard and pushed the gas pedal even harder, his brow soaked with sweat. The others said nothing as they screeched down the highway as fast as the old car could carry them. 
15


Caleb flew higher and higher, leading Sebastian on the chase of his life. The two fallen angels glided past skyscrapers and towers. They ducked under bridges and soared over highways. 
The two of them shot through clouds and plowed through treetops. Sebastian was right on his heels, seething with rage, clawing at him. He snatched at his feet a couple times but missed. 
They took a dive and skimmed over the suburbs until reaching a construction site filled with stone foundations, building frames, slumbering trucks and piles of wood and bricks. Caleb reached the ground and turned sharply.
Sebastian bolted right at him and Caleb caught him, wrapping his arms around him. The two crashed to the ground and Caleb ended up on top. He dragged his claws across Sebastian’s face and the arch-demon wailed. 
Caleb struck him with his fists, again and again until Sebastian laughed. The arch-demon slung his barbed tail around Caleb’s throat and flung him to the ground. 
Sebastian climbed to his feet and kicked Caleb hard in the ribs, sending him across the ground in a cloud of dust and debris. He leapt into air and came down feet first on Caleb’s back. 
“You want to fight with me, brother? Then I’ll give you a fight.” He pulled Caleb up by his wings, spun him around and hurled him through the air. 
Caleb struck a crane, bashing against it and causing it to fall on top of him as he hit the ground. He heaved and panted, the fight knocked right out of him. 
Sebastian walked slowly toward him, morphing into his human form. He clinched his fists. “This is fun. I love a good fight and kicking your ass before I take you back is going to be so satisfying.”
He reached the prone Caleb and station wagon plowed into him, sending across the construction site. 
“How’s that for satisfying, asshole!” Micah jumped out of the car and ran to Caleb’s side. “Caleb, are you all right?” He helped his lover to his feet.
“I’m fine.” Caleb put his arm around Micah. “He’s still coming.”
“Guys, now!”
Sebastian swooped down on them and again, Micah and his friends formed a wall between Caleb and the arch-demon, holding his sigil in front of them. 
“You can’t touch us!” Nick called taunting the demon. 
“I don’t need to touch you, to harm you.”
Sebastian lifted his left hand and wriggled his fingers. His eyes flashed deep red and flames spread between Caleb and his friends, cutting them off. He launched into the air and came down on the other side of the fire, ripping Caleb away.
Caleb struck the ground again, rolling over onto his back. Sebastian straddled him. “No, you’re not going anywhere, lover boy.” He seized Caleb by the throat and hoisted him into the air. 
“So first,” Sebastian began. “I will peel this human body from its bones. Then your soul will be mine for the taking. I will make your demon body feel every bit of pain I inflict upon you. Oh, and your pitiful human friends will watch every moment of your downfall.” He stretched out his free arm and fire enclosed Micah and the others into a circle.
“No!” Micah panicked. “No…Caleb...! We need to get out of here.” The fire rose high around him, its heat nearly scorching him and the others… 
Caleb eyed Micah. “I’m sorry…”
“We failed you, Caleb! I love you … I love…”
Wings flapped and a figure streaked across the sky. Caleb looked up and saw Angelique swoop down on her bat-like wings. She attacked Sebastian, wrapping sharp claws around his face. She hurled him through the air, smashing him to the ground.
Caleb dropped and Angelique yanked him up. A smile crossed her demonic yet beautiful face. Her eyes glowed green.
“Angelique! How…why?”
“I couldn’t let him take you. I couldn’t let him destroy the love you have… it has inspired others…”
“What?”
“There are others like you, Caleb. They’ve seen what you’ve done and they want you to succeed. Because of you they want to repent, to do good. Many have stopped torturing the damned. Changes are happening in Hell…”
“I cannot believe it...I …Angelique, thank you. You’ve saved me.”
“Now go. I’ll keep him off busy while you and your human friends escape so you can stop him.”
“Come with us.”
She shook her head. “It’ll never work for me, Cal. I’m not as strong as you but I can give you a head start. Now go!” She lunged across the site and crashed into the recovering Sebastian again.
Caleb ran to Micah and the others and wove his hand over the flames, extinguishing them. “Hurry. Let’s regroup somewhere while he’s distracted.”
“My car.” Micah took Caleb’s hand and rushed to his station wagon. 
Wails and screeches erupted as Angelique and Sebastian clashed. She clawed his head, his chest but he backhanded her, sending her down.
Sebastian stood up and grabbed hold of her tail. He swung her over his shoulder and slammed her to the ground. 
Caleb watched from the car window as they spun around the construction site in a cloud of dust. He saw Sebastian leap onto Angelique and tear the wings from her body. A hideous, baleful scream poured out her and she stumbled.
“Angelique!”
Sebastian hauled her up and put his fist straight through her. She gasped and fought but her body withered. 
“No!” Caleb screamed, tears streaming his cheeks, as he watched her body light up like a torch. A moment later it exploded into ashes and dissipated into the air. Sebastian turned and eyed Caleb as he and the others escaped. 
Sebastian lifted both arms— trucks came to life, cars sputtered, headlights flashed. Roaring filled the entire area as a fleet of vehicles sped off and chased after Caleb and Micah. 
“We got company!” Nick screamed. They all turned to see the empty trucks and cars skid out into the street and race after them. 
“Drive!” Nicki screamed. “They’re coming for us!”
Micah clutched the steering wheel with all of his strength and drove as fast as he could through the entire downtown area. 
###
They raced down the highway but the vacant cars and trucks had already caught up to them. A construction contractor’s car sideswiped them. Micah skidded into the next lane and a truck bashed into them.
The group screamed as the assaulting vehicles boxed them in. Micah tried to maintain control of the wagon but felt his grip fleeting. Caleb glared out the window, his eyes glowed red and he willed one of the cars out of their path and into a guardrail where it mangled into twisted metal flesh.
A bigger truck rear-ended them and Nicki and Rick lurched forward, hitting the front seats. Nicki pushed herself up and looked out of the window. “They’re all around us! This is insane… we’re gonna be killed.”
“Hold on Nicki,” Micah cried. “We’ll get out of this. We’ve driven in worse!”
She didn’t have much confidence as they were rear-ended again. 
Caleb looked over at Micah and nodded. “Now!”
Micah thrust the wheel to his left and Caleb helped, using his power to magnify the car’s blow. It crashed into one of the trucks beside them and sent it over a bridge. They straightened their path and sped off, hearing the bellow of an explosion behind them. 
More trucks joined the pursuit, hot on their heels. While they were momentarily in the clear, Micah headed for the first exit he reached and the most familiar. He hit the off-ramp practically on two wheels. They rounded a steep curve and skidded out to the medical area. 
Two trucks came flying out of nowhere and overtook them. The first crashed into the driver’s side, pushing them off of the road. The second hit them so hard the station wagon flipped over, then again and landed right side up again. 
“Oh my God…” Micah gasped… “Caleb… Rick…” He coughed and gagged, spitting up blood. “Is-Is-everyone okay…”
“I can’t get out!” Nicki cried.
“Me either!” Rick said. 
“Caleb! Caleb!”
“I am well,” the fallen angel said. “Stay still,” he said to them. 
Caleb slipped out of the broken window on his side. The car folded like an accordion. One side was crushed, the doors useless. Caleb took hold of the roof and tore it clean off.  He helped Micah and the others out and onto the street. Cuts and bruises covered everyone, Rick limped, and Micah’s back ached. 
Micah looked around and from his peripheral vision spotted the most familiar of locations, his favorite restaurant, the Midtown Diner. It was the dead of night and he knew no one would be there. 
“The diner,” Micah pointed to it a few streets away. “The confined space, it’s empty, weapons.”
“Let’s go,” Nick said. 
“How do we get in?” Nicki said.
“I will get us in,” replied Caleb. 
Flapping wings resounded above them.
“Run!” Caleb thundered and the group bolted for the diner. 
They reached the diner doors and Caleb ripped them off their hinges, allowing everyone to rush inside.
“Find something as a weapon,” Micah shouted. “The kitchen---knives, cleavers, whatever.”
They made their way around the counters and through the swinging doors to the kitchen. In a frenzy Micah and his friends scoured the room for weapons. Carving knives, meat tenderizes, Nicki found a cast iron skillet. The kitchen drawers suddenly shot open and silverware flew into the air. Plates flung like Frisbees and glass shattered.
“Everyone down!” Caleb said. The oven beside him flared up, the burners ignited. “He’s here.”
Sebastian crashed through the swinging doors and collided with Caleb. They sprawled across the industrial stove and a fireball exploded around them.
Micah charged, screaming at the top of his lungs, a knife and Sebastian’s sigil tight in his grip. Sebastian turned and spotted him. He lifted into the air and dodged Micah, sending him into the stove with Caleb. 
“Come on now boys, did you really think it would be that easy?” Sebastian landed on his feet and everything in the room whipped into the air. Knives, forks, glasses sailed at Micah, and his friends.
Caleb, scorched with fire, leapt in front of them, shielding them with his wings. The wreckage bounced off of his angel wings and crashed to the floor but Sebastian would not be undone. He soared across the room and nabbed Caleb’s wings with his talons.
The two fallen angels struggled in midair. Sebastian held the squirming Caleb tight, then bent his knees and thrust. Caleb sailed across the room and crashed into a wall, a host of shelving collapsed on him, mixing bowls, platters, pots and pans clattered to the floor.
Sebastian came down onto the floor where Micah and his friends were waiting. He stared them down, grinning like mad, his eyes glinting in the neon light. “This is the best you humans can do? Pieces of paper and some butter knives? Caleb really knows how to pick them.”
“Don’t lose hold of your sigils,” Micah said to his friends. “He can’t touch us but we can touch him.”
“I just love all this touching… sounds dirty.” He stomped once toward them and they flinched.
Sebastian cackled. “You still don’t get it. I don’t have to physically touch you.” He willed the refrigerator away from the wall, plugs ripping from sockets and rolled it into Nick and Rick. The brothers went down, Rick was knocked unconscious but Nick held onto his sigil. The fridge cornered both of them.
“No!” Micah raced at Sebastian and he lifted into the air again. “Come and face me coward!”
Sebastian stared down at Nicki. “Not much hope is there, Nicki? You were right to doubt your best friend. Love has blinded him… perverse love for an abomination. Did you really think they could stop me? Nicki, help me end this.”
She looked into his eyes and saw flames burning within. Nicki looked over at Micah.
“Don’t listen to him.”
“Nicki, I will let all of you go. You don’t have to be afraid anymore after I’m gone. This resistance will get all of you killed. Just give me some help and it’s over.”
She turned to Micah and swung her skillet, smashing his hand. He screamed and the sigil sailed from Micah’s grip.
“Thatta girl!” Sebastian slammed to the floor, picked up the sigil and burned it in his hand. He smashed Micah across the face and sent him down. He then caressed Nicki’s face. “Now drop your sigil.”
Nicki complied. 
“Very good.” He threw her up against the wall and knocked her out then turned to Caleb, who crawled out from his debris and caught his breath. Sebastian pushed him down and laid his clawed talon down on his chest. 
“Fool. Did you really think you could have this life? Did you really think there would be repentance for you? For any of us? You were about to start a rebellion, but it will be crushed right here and now.”
“I will never give up,” Caleb spat. “The others know now… they know it’s possible. I will return.”
“No.” Sebastian shook his head. “No, you won’t. You will be forever mine to torture.”
As they were distracted, Micah reached for a knife on the kitchen floor. Across the room he could see Nicki’s sigil on the floor. He brought the knife to his hand.
“I still can’t believe that you would prefer to be here with these humans than back home with your brothers. To think that you could love one of these creatures makes my flesh crawl. Of course that goes both ways for any human that would love someone as pathetic as you. You’re nothing but a low-level demon…sniveling in the dark, feeding on the carrion of the souls. Taking our leftovers.”
Caleb looked up at him with defiance. “…and… you wonder…why…I’d want to leave. You’re the fool. Still serving instead leading. Poor Sebastian.”
“Do not pity me, brother! When I get you back you will wish you never existed.”
“I have wished that for over a thousand years.”
“Say goodbye to your friends…” Sebastian heard them moan, Nick and Rick stirred in the corner. “Hmm, I have been doing this all wrong. I should start by destroying your friends first. Make you watch their demise. That would be your ultimate downfall. I will topple everything you’ve been building. You should watch this, Caleb. It’s going to be awesome.”
Micah crawled into view. Sebastian laughed and strolled over to him. “I’ll start with your lover.” He pulled Micah up by his hair.
“No! Micah! No!” Caleb reached out for him.
“Say goodbye, lover.” Sebastian held up his clawed, webbed hand. 
Micah opened his eyes. “How about you say goodbye first.” He lifted his left arm and opened his hand wide. On his palm, he had carved Sebastian’s sigil right into his skin. The star, triangle and circle bled in crimson all around his hand. “Give my regards to Lucifer!” 
Micah slammed the palm of his hand on Sebastian’s face. The arch-demon dropped him to the floor and howled. Dull orange and red light swirled around him. He stood rigid, his head tilted back and his eyes morphed into black orbs. His mouth opened in an anguished scream.
Baleful moans filled the room and a gust of wind pealed through it. Sebastian’s human body and demon body blinked in and out of existence until finally they exploded. A mix of shadowy ashes funneled into the air and vanished into the heating vents. 
Silence took over the room. Micah crawled his way to Caleb and they embraced. 
“He’s gone,” Caleb whispered to Micah. “You sent him back… Micah… that was incredible.”
“I told you I wasn’t going to let anything happen to you.”
The two of them kissed as Caleb got to his feet, carrying Micah with him. Nick and Rick stirred again, moaning. Caleb willed the refrigerator out of their way and healed their wounds, placing his human hand on each of them. 
“Nicki…” Micah turned and found her still on the floor. “She’s still unconscious.”
“Let’s take her to your hospital across the street,” Nick said. 
“Okay...yeah”
They turned to leave when Jake walked through the kitchen doors, a shocked look on his face. He surveyed the carnage and looked at Micah and the others.
“What the hell happened?” 
Despite everything, Micah broke out laughing, as did the twins. Caleb still didn’t fully understand their humor…but that was okay.
“You wouldn’t believe us if we told you,” Micah said. “Could you help us, Nicki is really hurt? We need to get her next door.”
“Sure, of course.” He went to her and checked her pulse. “Heart is strong.” He stood up and went to Nick, hugging him. They kissed. “What is—”
“I’ll tell you everything back home.”
“Okay, you better.” Jake gave him another kiss and bent down to Nicki. He saw a piece of paper with a strange symbol on it. He slipped it into his pocket when no one was looking then helped them carry Nicki outside. 
16



Caleb kissed Micah long and took his time with it. He moved his tongue to his neck then his ear. He eased his tongue inside of Micah’s ear, having recently discovered that it drove him crazy.
He licked down his chest and to Micah’s waiting dick and went down on it, tasting him, savoring every moment. Micah leaned his head back and sighed then moaned as his lover pleasured him. 
Micah stirred, running his hands through Caleb’s beautiful brown hair, watching Caleb enjoy making love to him. Caleb’s hands explored all of Micah—his belly, his chest, his arms. 
Caleb pulled Micah’s dick out of his mouth and licked his balls. Micah squirmed and gasped. Finally, Caleb pushed Micah’s legs up and entered him, thrusting slowly at first then using his hips to enter deeper and harder. 
Micah wrapped his legs around his lover’s smooth, hard body. Caleb pumped harder and faster as Micah jerked himself.
A few minutes later, sweat pouring off their bodies, and they were ready to climax. They felt like one spirit when they came, closing their eyes and kissing.
Caleb climbed into Micah’s arms and rested his head on his chest. Micah stroked his hair. 
“I can’t believe that I’m dating a fallen angel,” Micah said. 
“I can’t believe that you didn’t go running as far from me as you could. I’m still in shock.”
“I told you. This is who you were meant to be. If you hadn’t been cursed to live in Hell you would never have become that.”
“I know…I’m trying…” his voice sounded sad now.
“That doesn’t matter right now.” Micah squeezed him tight. “You are not that person anymore. You have left that all behind. Now you can stay here and do the good you wanted to do. One day, you will be who your spirit truly is. You wait and see…”
“I hope so. I really do…”
“Trust me. You will. You have all of eternity now. Right? Sebastian can’t come back?”
“It would be a rare occurrence. He failed Lucifer and he never let’s you make up for it. Sebastian will most likely be punished for his failure…probably for a thousand years. I don’t think he’ll be back for a long, long time. Besides, I don’t want eternity. I just want you by my side.”
“You have me. Together we’ll earn your forgiveness. HE will listen.”
“Oh Micah, I want more than anything for you to be right. For now, I will settle for your love.” He looked up into Micah’s eyes.
The two kissed before going to bed for the night.
###
Nicki stared at herself in the mirror. Her eyes were bloodshot and she felt extremely tired but just couldn’t sleep. She was glad to be back home but she felt off. Something didn’t feel right. 
She wrapped her housecoat around her tight, took her temperature and looked down her throat in the mirror. There didn’t seem to be anything physically wrong. There was a dull headache at the back of her head and a slight stomachache but nothing serious.
It was more of a feeling. Something she couldn’t quite shake. She thought of Micah and Caleb again and wondered if everything was all right, if everything was back to the way it should be. It wasn’t really—not the way she remembered—Micah had changed, Caleb had changed him but was it for the better? The jury was still out. 
It would take time for her to fathom that angels and demons existed and that her best friend was in love with one. For now, she would leave well enough alone.
Nicki climbed into bed, puller up her covers and closed her eyes. It wasn’t long before the nightmares came. 
###
The river that Caleb had sat at and carved Sebastian’s sigil onto the rocks glowed with ethereal light. The moon joined in with this dazzling display and it was if magic itself had come to life for the first time. 
A man rose out of the water, his hair was a glowing white and his eyes were a magnificent, crystal blue. The water rolled off his thin, naked body. Huge white-feathered wings eased from his back and shook the water out of them. He looked around and when he reached the river’s shore, he paused.
“Nehemiah,” a disembodied voice spoke to him. “The balance is disrupted. You must set things right. Find the one who escaped the pit. Find him and destroy him. These changes must never come to pass. Heaven must always hold sway over hell. Always.”
“Yes, Michael. I will not fail you, brother.”
Nehemiah walked off into the trees, a glowing white light followed him. 

The Warring Hearts trilogy continues with Book 2: Infernal 
Also by J. Ashburn

The Boys of Raven Cove

That Old Black Magic
Under His Spell
Raven Ascending

The Beast Within Trilogy

Book 1: Man and the Beast
Book 2: Lure of the Beast
Book 3: Moon of the Beast


Short Stories

Matt’s Story-A Beast Within Short
 The Sons of Loki


Connect with J. Ashburn

Website: http://jashburnfiction.wordpress.com/
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/jashburnfiction
Pinterest: https://www.pinterest.com/jashburnfiction/
Email: jashburnfiction@outlook.com 









