








BEHIND CLOSED DOORS

Behind Closed Doors is a work of fiction. At such, all the characters and the places used in this book are all imaginary. All the characters in this book, should they bear any resemblance to persons living or dead are purely coincidental, as they are all the products of the author’s imagination or are used very fictitiously.
    
Copyright © 2020 by Kingsley Adrian Banks
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any mechanical or electronic means, including information storage and retrieval systems, except for reviews and what would amount to Fair Use, without the prior written permission of the author or the copyright holder. 

Behind Closed Doors © 2020 by Kingsley Adrian Banks
Behind Closed Doors: A gay novel/ Kingsley Adrian Banks
ISBN- 13: 9781311496461 

The moral right of the author has been asserted in line with International Copyright laws







To every gay man out there, know this: you matter. 










BEHIND CLOSED DOORS





PROLOGUE
There are times when, upon the occurrence of a certain event, Time itself will seem to stand still; it would seem to be suspended above the specter of space. That is the feeling I have in the pit of my stomach at that moment when I watched the life leave the body of a man, when the life seemed to seep from him. It was a big moment and I thought in mind: Oh my God, Phoenix what have you done?
And there was the guy himself, standing still and erect, and he looked beautiful; in the flash of the light, the guy was a stunning beauty, and the Angel of death itself. In the stillness of the night Phoenix seemed to be the very embodiment of the things that was scary about the night. He was a murderer, one without a soul, and he had killed someone who loved him dearly. It was a man who had loved him enough to think to die for him. But the society would not have understood that kind of love, that love which existed between two men, one that may be pure and yet misunderstood in every way.
Phoenix, you are a murderer. I know what you did, and I think I will tell on you. But from the look on that stunning face which had been calculating enough to take the life of another person, there seemed to be nothing that the guy could not handle, no scandal he could not take and then turn to his own advantage and popularity, the love of the screens, the siren that drew all in and left nothing of you when he was done with you.
It takes a special kind of person to think to take the life of another person, and Phoenix was that kind of special person. He had the guts and the special kind of mercilessness to do it, and there was that look in his face, that cold dead look of triumph in his face that showed that the guy knew what he was doing. And what if he was caught? What would happen? 
‘He was trying to forcefully have sex with me, and that was the reason why I had to defend myself,’ he would probably say to the screens as the throng of the masses that loved him and yet hated him would weave a massive demonstration in his favor.
But I know what you did, Phoenix, and though you may hide behind the mask of your beauty and your good show of yourself to the world, I know you, I know what you did.







PERIOD ONE: 1977-1999; forward and backwards

CHAPTER ONE
Henry closed his eyes to shut out the light, his nostrils drawing in a lungful of breath into his body as chaotic thoughts raced through his mind. He could hear the incessant annoying drone of the ceiling fan in the room as the blades churned out cool breeze in the hot air of the afternoon. That was precisely why he sometimes felt that he hated Nigeria; sometimes the afternoon weather in Lagos could be so atrociously hot, the sun beating down on the inhabitants of the country’s most populated city with a feral ferocity that burned at the skin. 
And his mother’s refusal that he could attend the Business Executives Convention which was hosted in Cairo, Egypt, with her when she was planning to go compounded his problems. He’d always wanted to go and see the cradle of civilization with his own eyes; to see the very magnificent pyramids; watch the artificial irrigation methods that had been utilized by them in the ancient times, but Rosalie had been adamant. According to her, if he went, then he’d undoubtedly miss out on a lot of his lectures on campus because of the fact that the new semester was already around the corner. So he was left here in Lagos with his friends, all of whom were the spoiled sons and daughters of the elite social class like he was.
He made a snort of annoyance and buried his face into the feathery softness of his pillow. Oh, the hell with it.
‘Henry Johnson.’
He squeezed his eyes tighter, pretending to be asleep so that Richard, his best friend, would vanish into whatever thin air he’d materialized from and leave him alone to enjoy his dejection. He was in a foul mood, the implication being that he was not in the mood to see anybody and be forced to engage in idle chatter. And who was it that had dared to let the guy into the house without first consulting him in order to ascertain whether he was in the mood to entertain any visitors? He was wondering this as he drew his knees up to his chest, curling into a fetal position that he hoped would convince Richard’s hawk-like eyes that he was asleep so Richard could turn round and leave.
‘Henry Johnson,’ Richard called out in his unmistakable voice, and this time, it sounded closer.
Henry peeked at the guy surreptitiously from underneath his lashes and saw the slim-fitting jeans that were in the field of his vision, then he shut them again, and his mind willed the guy to go away. He wanted to stay right here in the comfort of his room and be left alone with his thoughts without the constant yapping of the voice of his friend disturbing the flow of his thoughts. Though his lids were squeezed shut, he could feel the shadow of Richard’s body leaning forward; he inhaled the scent of his cologne, and then he felt the shadow receding, heard the tread of boots moving across the red carpet and then out of the room. 
With a heartfelt sigh of relief, he opened his eyes and swung his tired feet off the bed to the floor. Moving swiftly but silently, he went to the window, parted the thick brown curtains that shut out the penetrating rays of the sun, and then he peered out into the garden, his eyes fixed on Richard Oke as the latter walked to his compact car.
Henry sighed and shut his eyes, his fingers balling into fists as a wave of emotional pain swept through him with the piercing precision of a surgeon’s scalpel. As was customary with his body whenever he encountered Richard, hot desire and revulsion simultaneously rippled through his frame and he shuddered. He could never fathom why he found the guy so darn attractive, and what made his dilemma worse was the fact that Richard was his closest friend; they did everything together. And every moment he spent with Richard, every moment that Richard stood so close to him, their bodies touching, sent hot flashes of lust assailing his senses but he was always unable to do anything about it and this was torture to him. It drove him crazy. It was a prospect that thrilled and repelled him－being sexually attracted to his fellow guys was something he’d never envisaged at the onset of his puberty years, and being attracted to Richard specifically filled him with annoyance and emotional pain.
‘Henry? I thought you were asleep.’
Henry spun round to the sound of the tentative female voice. It was Mrs. Oyono, the woman who had worked for the Johnson family as a cook and housekeeper for as long as he could possibly remember. She lived in the servants’ quarters with her family, and her jovial nature, plus the motherly influence she’d asserted over Henry, endeared her to his heart. However, what she didn’t know was that he’d had sex with Linda, her eldest daughter. He’d done that because the chit had come on strongly to him, and he’d also needed desperately to reassure himself that he wasn’t queer; that he couldn’t possibly be gay. Such a thought was inconceivable; not in his father’s house, and certainly not in the Nigeria of his time which viewed her gay citizens as demon-possessed souls who had to be either committed in a psychiatric ward or delivered into the hands of pastors for exorcism.
‘Richard dropped a note for you on your dresser,’ the woman continued quietly. ‘You should call him later today.’
As the woman turned to leave, Henry almost called out to her to have some lunch sent up to him in the room, but the truth of the matter was that he couldn’t bear to choke down whatever morsel of food that would be served to him into his mouth. He was loaded with dread due to the fact that he was the only son of his father and the sole heir to the sprawling Johnson family estate which was an import/export conglomerate that had ruthlessly swallowed up its less prosperous rivals. They had over a thousand employees nationwide, and they conducted their business with countries across the globe. The Brian-Johnson Ltd earned the bulk of its money by doing business with countries where the labor was ridiculously cheap so as to maximize profits and expand its horizons. They were a very rich and very powerful family with connections in all the right places.
‘We want you to know the real value of what we have in this family,’ his father had said succinctly. ‘A man must appreciate what he has in order to be able to use it properly. So, you’re going to study Business Administration.’
That had been in 1997, when Henry was twenty, and he’d gone to the University of Lagos. Now, two years later, he could feel everything moving on more swiftly; he was now becoming more actively involved in the business of his family; he attended a myriad of business conventions and worked in the family offices during the semester breaks. . . It was a fast-paced, heady life, one that was filled with fun and excitement, pleasure and responsibility. But he was dreadfully scared because he knew that very soon; he would have to start a family of his own so as to ensure the continuity of the Johnson family name. Their legacy must live on.
But, deep in his mind, he felt that he could not be what everyone expected him to be. He had no sexual feelings for women; his liaison with Linda had thought him that lesson. It had made him aware of where his sexual fantasies really lay.

THE ROOM WAS very vast and filled up with young men and women who were all dressed to kill. The men were all smoking and chattering and drinking and the women were sipping their drinks from tall glasses and flutes with the sophistication that could only be achieved by wealth.
It was the third day of April, the first Saturday of the month, and the rich youth of Lagos society all wanted to celebrate it grandly. There were female belle dancers standing on raised platforms, all of them scantily dressed in shimmering bras and short skirts and they were all twisting and shimmying seductively to the tunes of the Eastern music that wafted forth from concealed speakers. They were all magnificent creatures, their lithe bodies swaying and turning to the beat, all to the lascivious stares of the entranced audience.
The tunes of the music changed dramatically. The lights were turned down to a dim intimate red color, and there was an air of anticipation hanging over the room. The dancing young women moved together in one body towards the main dais which was now lit up with bright lights that hurt the eyes. They formed themselves into a circle around someone who had materialized from behind the curtains, and as they danced, they spread out their arms wide which were covered with shawls. The light reflected on the materials, captivating the audience further; a hush had descended over the room.
‘What is going on?’ Henry Johnson demanded in a low voice to his companion, Richard.
‘The main act of the night is about to begin now,’ Richard replied, chuckling. He pointed one long finger to the girls who were slowly executing their sexy dance. ‘They are hooking our attention so we can be prepared for what’s coming next. Watch now, Henry; they’re almost done.’
And then the throng of dancing women parted, revealing a figure that stood there with the deathly stillness of a marble statue. Simultaneously, the entire assemblage in the room gasped, Henry included. The person whom the attention was reverted upon was a young guy. He was slender, and was wearing nothing other than g-string parties and a strip of shimmering red material that barely covered his buttocks. He had light brown skin that glowed with good health, round feminine hips that was greatly accentuated by his near nudity, and deliciously long legs that belonged on the catwalks.
 But it was his face that held the most attraction. It was a stunning face, with the chiseled features framed by a shoulder-length black wig, a small straight nose that looked as if it had been chiseled by the hands of Michelangelo himself, exquisitely shaped pouty lips, and high cheekbones. He was the most beautiful guy Henry had ever seen.
‘Wow!’ Henry exclaimed, part in fascination and partly in scandalized horror. A huge python was draped around the shoulders of the guy, and it was hissing and slithering through his chest and stomach as if it owned him. Henry couldn’t stifle a shudder.
Richard had seen his reaction, and he laughed heartily, enjoying himself. ‘That’s shocking,’ he said. ‘The guy is marvelous. He’s a belle dancer that really knows what he’s doing with his craft. He’s more spectacular than the women dancers, and so everybody comes here to watch him dance and do his thing. I hear that he also doubles as a whore, selling himself to the highest bidder－ to the highest man or woman that is ready to pay for him.’
The young dancers had flanked the young guy, and the lights had dimmed once again to a dull intimate glow. The guy danced in a synchronized move with the women, and with each twist of the sensual hips, the snake moved on him. The guy and his giant plaything moved together with perfect symmetry, one move flowing seamlessly into the next, and on the guy’s face was a look of total rapture, as if he was engaged in a sex act, orgasms ripping through him. Every single move executed by his incredibly lithe body captivated the entire audience who watched him with a mixture of fascination and scandalized horror.
As they watched, the guy gently unwound the snake from his shoulders, and the animal turned its head back to his neck. He emitted a low laugh before prying the animal loose from his neck and handing it over to a dark man who had appeared behind him. The sensual beat of the music changed, and became a little faster, and the dancer smiled, revealing a set of white teeth. His eyes scanned the beer-drinking crowd slowly, before swiveling to Henry with a mesmerizing intensity that almost made him squirm. He found himself looking into luminous brown eyes that were as expressionless as a china mask, and as hard.
The dancer moved forward, all eyes fixed on him, and then he stopped before Henry’s table. His dancing began again, and the club lights played on him, lighting him up in different shades of color as he effortlessly did his belly rolls, backbends, a walking shimmy; he whirled like a dervish. His choreography was superb; his emotional expression was one of languid sensuality and confidence in his abilities, and Henry was so entranced, he could not take his eyes off the guy. He could swear that the guy was dancing specifically for him, turning him on, sending waves of heat through his body as he stared at the provocative hips which were encircled with the tattoo of a snake.
 The sensual moves, the beautiful body, were all playing tricks on his body and his senses, and he could feel the stirrings of an erection in his pants. It was a feeling that astounded him and filled him with anticipation of what would happen if he were to meet the dancer, for he knew that what he was seeing was a hustler who was on sale and no doubt hawking his wares. 
Abruptly, the music came to a halt, with the dancer turning in a backbend with perfect form. Screams filled the room as all clamored for more.
‘You’re wonderful,’ Henry said breathlessly, and the beautiful dancer smiled at him. That smile nearly made him lose his senses, and he quickly withdrew three bills from his loaded wallet and stretched them out to the guy. ‘Here, take this for your performance.’
The dancer smiled gratefully in thanks, and as he took the money their fingers brushed and their eyes met. It was only for a brief moment but within that moment, something deep inside Henry snapped. It could be called attraction, it could be called lust, but right at that moment, he knew that this was what he wanted, this was how his body worked; he wanted to go to bed with this dancer. He couldn’t keep his eyes off the guy as the guy made his way across the room, collecting tips from adoring male and female fans as they stuffed money into his palms and rubbed their hands all over his body as if they had the right to do so.
There were other delights for the night, but Henry was not interested in them. His thoughts were centered on the dancer. He could remember the moves, and that stunning face, plus the snake . . . he could think of nothing else, and when, fifteen minutes later, a girl with long lacquered nails tapped him on the shoulder and gave him a note which read: ‘Meet me in Room 106’, he was filled with elation.
‘I think it’s time for me to go and fuck some ashewos,’ Richard announced, rising to his feet and chuckling. He was half-drunk, though still in control of his body, and he was now impatient to go and fuck some of the female whores before the faster guys took over the more beautiful ones. ‘You can come too,’ he told Henry. ‘The girls are marvelous.’
But Henry was not even listening to him. He was waiting for his best friend to go out so that he could go and meet the dancer whose face and body now occupied his fantasies. When Richard left, he stood up and went down the long corridor with rooms flanking it left and right and the numbers pasted above them. 
When he got to the door marked 106, he stopped and then knocked on the door. Hearing clear instructions to enter, he opened the door, went in, and then closed the door softly behind him. The room looked comfortable enough, with a large bed, two chairs and one mahogany table on which reposed back copies of the raunchy sex magazine Rebecca. The carpet was worn, though it still looked presentable, and the huge pictures of naked models on the walls were rendered somewhat ethereal by the red lights that shone from the ceiling. 
The beautiful dancer was seated on one of the chairs, sipping milk from a plastic cup. He was now wearing a tight-fitting tank top, and he’d divested himself of the long dark wig he’d been wearing earlier, and Henry thought to himself that the guy looked so incredibly beautiful. That kind of beauty had always disturbed him deeply, and even when the dancer waved him into a chair, he was so aware of the guy’s beauty that he looked down so as to avoid looking into his face.
‘So you came here,’ the dancer said. His voice was pitched low, a decidedly feminine voice. ‘You were looking at me as though you were ready to devour me, so I had to get the message across to you for you to come and see me here in this room.’
‘Was my attraction to you that obvious?’ Henry asked uncomfortably, shifting in his chair, his eyes looking everywhere but at the guy. He was not a naturally shy person, but he found out now that he was at a loss for words. 
‘Oh, but it was,’ the dancer said, emitting a low laugh of private amusement. ‘There was a way you looked at me. Many men－ young and old, rich and poor－ have looked at me in that way. I know I’m beautiful, I know what power my beauty has over many men and women, and I know when someone is itching to lay his hands on me. And my name’s Phoenix. What’s yours?’
Henry looked up at the guy and saw the red light shinning down on his skin, cloaking his light brown skin color. He felt an urge to touch the guy seated before him, to feel the brush of his lips, to touch his skin. However, in the back of his mind, he was horrified by his reaction, shocked that he could dare to sit down here and be ready to have sex with a prostitute and a male one at that too! But instead he replied, ‘My name is Henry. What’s your price?’
At last, they were getting down to business. It had all boiled down to this very moment: Phoenix and his entrancing sexual dance; his note, their final meeting in this room.
‘Basically, I do not collect money,’ Phoenix said, running long slender fingers through his jet-black hair and flashing a smile at Henry. ‘Let us face it, Henry. What you’re asking of me is totally frowned at in this country and we could be mauled if we’re caught at it. I have to make the benefits worth the risk, so I think I’ll collect that ring.’ He pointed at the ring on Henry’s third finger.
Henry looked down at his hand, thoroughly horrified that the guy would want to collect the ring that was the most prized possession he had on his body at that moment. It was a ten-carat diamond ring that was in an amethyst setting, a birthday gift from his aunt when he’d turned twenty. The ring was nothing to him in terms of money because of the fact that he had access to the expensive jewelry of his parents, but he didn’t want to give it to some low-life male whore simply because of the fact that the guy was a beauty to behold.
 But what about what he was about to experience? That was the thought that hovered at the edges of his consciousness. This was perhaps a lifetime opportunity for him to really be his true self, to hold another guy in that way, to really feel the forbidden sensation of making love to another man. There was always a battery of young women that flocked to him; his parents’ wealth made him every woman’s wet dream come true. But there’d never been any single guy to indicate any modicum of sexual interest in him nor had he ever summoned the courage to do the same to another guy because he feared for his life. Now, here was this very stunning young fellow who was offering to him what he’d always wanted in his entire life, and all for what? 
He made up his mind immediately. He slid the ring off of his finger and placed it on the table, and then he stood up. There was absolutely no need for words between them because they knew what they were going to do then. As Phoenix rose up, he drew the slim guy to him, inhaling the perfume of him, and then he claimed the lips of the guy in a kiss. At first, it was a mere tentative brush of his lips against the other’s, and he savored the taste of it greatly, fulfillment rippling through him, and then he was swamped by desire and he became more demanding. His tongue plunged into Phoenix’s mouth and he let his fingers trail down the smooth chest of the dancer to rest on his crotch, making Phoenix to relax and rub against him like a cat being thoroughly pampered.
‘I have never done this before,’ he whispered into Phoenix’s fragrant hair.
‘Oh, don’t worry about it; you’ll know exactly what to do,’ Phoenix replied, smiling at him.
They undressed slowly, their eyes fixed on each other’s face, and Henry could feel the bang of pure desire beating at him with the force of a sledgehammer. He drew Phoenix into the bed and began to kiss him again; he kissed his neck; he kissed the guy’s breasts and nibbled at the pointed nipples; he licked at Phoenix’s belly button and his flat stomach, holding down Phoenix’s hips firmly to the bed as his kisses went farther down. Then he drew away from the guy, and it was a silent command for the guy to worship him. He sighed with pleasure and closed his eyes as Phoenix kissed his lips first, and then his nipples, and when Phoenix wrapped his tongue around the shaft of his erect phallus, he gasped in shock and gripped Phoenix’s shoulders. 
An involuntary cry escaped from him as the tongue over the length of his maleness, and he felt so shocked at the act, so heady with pleasure, that his load came pouring right into the mouth of the dancer. Then he collapsed on the bed.
‘Oh dear . . .’ he murmured, at a loss for words, and almost embarrassed at his inability to hold his load. But the young dancer was smiling at him with the sweetness of warm candy, the smile conveying to him that it did not matter at all; that he had no control over the workings of his body. And instantly, he began to feel his deflated thing rise up once again, swelling with blood, and he pulled Phoenix down, turned him over so that the dancer was now on all fours, and he lubricated the entrance to his zone with the lubricant that was at hand, slipped a condom on, and then he slipped into him. The pleasure that swept over him was the purest sensation he’d ever felt. It was like having the taste of heaven right there on his tongue, and he could swear that there was nothing like it he had ever had, or maybe would ever have.
He couldn’t get enough of the guy. He kissed Phoenix as they moved in their sexual dance, and his fingers caressed the body that was yielding and pliant under him. He moved his hips like he had never moved it before; he moaned like he had never done before, and it was all new to him, something to be savored at all costs. He had to turn the guy over so that he could look into his exquisitely sculpted face, kiss his lips, and with their eyes locked together, he came finally, stars exploding in his vision.
‘That was great,’ he said afterwards, after they’d cleaned up and were now reclining opposite each other. ‘I’d like to see you again.’
Phoenix agreed, as Henry was sure he would, after all, the guy had no choice really other than to say yes. Henry was a little unhappy to leave that room with that stunning fellow reclining on the bed like some seductive model on the Vogue covers, but he had to console himself that there would be more nights like this, nights which were filled with passion and blissful pleasure and heady sensations and no talking about wealth, family problems. He would steadfastly explore this avenue that had opened up to him, and he was buoyant, filled with happiness and joy, his mind floating weightlessly in the clouds.
However, his feelings of euphoria did not last. When he drove back to the family’s luxurious mansion at VI, he saw his mother’s Mercedes parked beside the main entrance doors up from the long driveway and frowned. Cutting the car engine, he stepped out of the car and let himself into the now-darkened mansion with his own key and walked past the elegantly-appointed foyer into the massive living room which was a museum showpiece of surpassingly beautiful furniture, expensive oil paintings by famed international contemporaries; two exquisite carved bronze works of semi-nude women with bowls balanced on their heads which had been hailed by the Daily Trust as one of the very best works of the century, an outrageously thick blue rug that was a perfect match with the ceiling-to-floor curtains; a well-stocked bar which had a vintage collection of the best wines money could buy.
Customarily, at this unholy hour of the night, the room was supposed to be engorged in penetrating darkness, but the lights were on, and Rosalie Johnson was seated on a sofa, staring listlessly into space. Henry frowned at her countenance, his heart wrenching with unhappiness: what was wrong with her? 
As he stared at her, he had to admit to himself that his mother was a ravishing beauty. Even at the age of forty-three, she still retained her slim figure, her fair-complexioned face still had the healthy glow and beauty of an adolescent’s, and her stunningly beautiful face which had won her seven beauty pageants and six positions as first runner-up from 1974 to 1986 was still painstakingly maintained with beauty treatments and diets. But as she sat there, staring straight ahead, there was an unbearable blankness in her face that twisted Henry’s heart with pain for her.
‘Mother . . .’ He rushed forward and dropped to his knees before her, his fingers reaching for hers and clutching them. ‘Tell me what’s wrong. Did something happen?’
As if recovering from a deep trance she had been steeped in, Rosalie turned her wide-set kohl-darkened eyes to her son, her dark, shoulder-length hair tumbling into her face; she was a woman who abhorred artificial weaves and braids. 
‘Your father is at it again,’ she said. Her voice was pitched low, like a bewitching musical instrument. ‘He is trying to destroy me and you too. He’s trying to re-write his will.’
Henry squeezed his eyes shut and heaved a sigh of frustration that was intermingled with pure grief. He grieved that his mother was terribly lonely, that her marriage to the acclaimed business tycoon was a dismal failure. In spite of her stunning beauty, in spite of the staggering national popularity she had received because of her beauty contests’ winnings for twelve years and still received because of her numerous charitable efforts, and in spite of the fact that she was the envy of her friends, she was totally miserable in her marital life. And it was her misery, the dark shadows which hung over her, that had drawn him perceptibly closer to her from his childhood. Their relationship was more of that of very close friends than family. They were bound to each other by bonds that seemed to transcend the bond between a mother and her son.
‘How did you know he was trying to re-write his will?’ he asked slowly, his eyes searching her face for any signs of shiftiness.
‘Yesterday, I received a call in my hotel room from a lawyer who’s a close friend of your father and a very dear friend of mine, though your father does not know it. Your father intends to write us out of his will. Do you know that your father never took me to the Marriage Registry for a proper marriage under the Act? He only had a customary marriage with me so he’d be free to do what he wants with his life, including the right to marry other wives and disburse his wealth the way he wants to. Now, the news is on the grapevine is that he’s gotten a girl pregnant, and he’ll be making the requisite provisions for them in his will.’
 Henry felt a sickening feeling of disgust well up within him, coupled with fear. He knew how hard his father was, how unbearably cruel and manipulative the man could be and really was, and how the great Chinua Johnson held a grudge against Rosalie and despised his only child. He said, ‘But that’s really not possible, is it?’
Rosalie laughed, but the hollow sound was a mere echo of the sweet trill she usually emitted. ‘Everything is really possible, my dear child. For years, your father has been looking for a way to get rid of me because of the fact that it was my pregnancy, coupled with the strong muscles of my father, which had compelled him to marry me. He’s made it perfectly clear to me that he does not love me, has never loved me; though he admits he has grudging respect for me because of the fact that I usually bring in business for the company. My father died three years ago, and the implication of that fact is that he cannot protect me anymore. Chinua can do anything he really wants to do, and I am powerless to stop him.’
A black fury welled up within Henry and it burned at his chest with such feral ferocity that he gripped his mother’s hand strongly for support. ‘He can’t do that!’ he hissed venomously, his lips fluttering with excited furry, his chest heaving. ‘He has no right to disinherit me!’
‘But he has that right,’ countered Rosalie gently as she gently disentangled her fingers from his and rose to her feet. ‘Your father can do all he wants to do so long as he has no one to stop him. I am but a mere woman and there is nothing I can do neither can I keep on running to my family for support because they’ll be filled with scorn at my inability to handle my marital problems. You are his son, Henry, so I think you may be in a better position to handle his bullshit since you’re now an adult. But if the man was dead, I won’t be having this problem.’ She bent down, planted a kiss on his forehead, and then she headed up to her room.
That night, Henry could not sleep a wink. He lay on his bed, tossing and turning, Rosalie’s outpourings ringing on his ears. But beyond the sad tale of his father’s betrayal, he knew everything about his parents’ rocky marriage because he had pried the information out of his mother.
And from there, at that moment, he stumbled out of the confines of the opulent room, out of the time he was in, into the distant past, into the lives of his parents. 
The past became the present and the present was melded into the past; all became one.

CHAPTER TWO
Back in 1976, when the beautiful Rosalie Johnson was twenty, she had met Chinua Johnson at a friend’s birthday party in Surulere, Lagos State. By then, she was already a popular Face in the national dailies and the TV screens, and her beauty had totally captivated him and entranced him, ensnaring him in a chain of irrepressible desire that bound him to her more strongly than iron binds ever could. His pursuit of her attention was relentless, and finally, she had to succumb to him, and their romance moved at such a fast pace that before she knew what was happening, she was already pregnant for him.
To him, the notion of becoming bound to her was unspeakable, and it had caused such a big problem between them, culminating in a bitter battle of words of threats between Rosalie’s wealthy father and Chinua’s equally affluent family. Rosalie’s father had a lot of clout and guts, and the man wasn’t ready to see his daughter give birth to a child out of wedlock. He made it abundantly clear that Chinua must marry her or be ready to have both him and his entire family destroyed.
And for the persons that knew the man well, they knew that he was not a man that was given to idle threats; once he said he was going to do something, then there was nothing in this world that would stop him from getting and doing what he wanted to do. If you were the unfortunate person that he’d turned his attention on, then you were dead meat.
The man prevailed, and Chinua and Rosalie contracted a customary marriage back home in the East, and it was the most colorful marriage ceremony ever to be celebrated back there. The gift that Rosalie received from her father was the merger of one division of the Brian Group of Companies which was threatening to swallow up everything in its path with the Johnson Empire which paled in significance. Because the man was not a fool, Rosalie kept the controlling stock of the company that had been merged with the Johnson’s. Chinua wanted her to give up the stocks to him, but she’d bluntly refused to do so.
There was a big church ceremony in Ikeja, with all the lavish trimmings that money can buy, and the marriage was the talk of the crème of Lagos fashionable society for several months afterwards.
‘And that was the beginning of my problems,’ Rosalie had told Henry. ‘Your father was furious that I had dared to refuse him the control of my stock. He had thought I was depressed, or it was because of my pregnancy, but he failed to understand that I was only safeguarding my own interests. I could never allow him to have such control over me.’
And so her life was a living hell. Her husband swore never to give her a marriage at the Marriage Registry which she craved, and he hated her guts for defying him. His attitude towards her was one of indifference. He stayed out late at night; he refrained from eating her meals, slept in a separate bedroom and treated her like a stranger.
When Rosalie went and complained to her father, the wily fox told her, ‘Do not wash your dirty linen in public, my dear.’
It was a warning and an admonition to her rolled up into one package in that simple sentence. She had learnt her lesson, and, determined not to wallow in self-pity; she got herself involved again in TV, doing commercials that were so popular. By 1978, she had gone back into the Beauty Pageant world after her two-year hiatus, and her winning streak continued. She was the toast of the NTA.
Chinua, a very jealous man by nature, had his indifference towards her petrify into a harshness that culminated in violent quarrels between them, and subsequently, fist fights. By 1986, he had started to slap her even for the slightest perceived slights, and she couldn’t turn to her family for help, neither did she confide in her friends. She played the role of the dutiful wife and a woman who remained undaunted even in the face of the worse danger she had ever encountered in her whole life. She was the gracious, graceful hostess whenever Chinua threw his lavish parties, and his guests were always pleased with her charm and intelligence, her beauty, and her perfectly preserved form. At those parties and in the Society pages of the papers, they were the perfect couple, but behind closed doors, she lived in bondage.
By the year 1990, when Henry turned thirteen, the real beatings started. Once, right in the full view of the extended family members of the Johnson family, Chinua hit Rosalie across the mouth. Two weeks later, he mercilessly beat her up because there had been a little delay with his dinner. He tore up her expensive Chanel gown, dislocated one of her fingers, and kicked her so thoroughly and viciously that she could hardly stand for three days, and gave her bruises all over her chest and her back. Henry was then too little to be of any help to his mother, and his teary complaints to his maternal grandfather earned Chinua a mere warning.
But the fact was that the mere warning from the man that was Rosalie’s father was more than enough to stall the man from his continued mistreatment of Rosalie.
For some months later, they lived in relative peace. There were the usual quarrels, the smashing of plates, but Chinua refrained from hitting Rosalie. Then, in the middle of January 1991, when they quarreled bitterly over Rosalie’s inability to conceive again after the birth of her only child, Chinua struck her in the face. 
They were in the dining room－ Chinua, Rosalie and Henry were eating when the quarrel broke out－ and when Chinua punched her beautiful face Rosalie flew to her feet, grabbed a ceramic bowl in which reposed chunks of fried turkey, and smashed the thing over his head. For a moment Chinua sat in stunned silence, and a trickle of blood ran down his forehead from a cut in his head, and then he flew up in a fit of fiery rage and grabbed his wife. Through the hours she put in her gym working on her body, Rosalie had a trim, strong body, but she was unfortunately no match for her possessed husband. One heavy clout knocked her to the wall, but she was extremely quick and light on her feet; she flew at him, one clenched fist smashing into his jaw, sending one teeth and a spray of blood out through his mouth. However, his heavy punches knocked her flat.
Henry was there, a witness to the shocking brutality of his father. He watched in paralyzed horror as his mother was knocked to the ground, and then Chinua lifted a heavy brass chair and began to hit her prone figure with it. Over and over did he hit her on the back with it until Henry snapped out of his lethargy as his sanity snapped and he grabbed a knife from the table, flew at his father, and then he stuck the thing in Chinua’s thigh. With an enraged bellow, Chinua knocked the boy off of him and the chair dropped from his hands. Rosalie was lying there on the floor at a grotesque, unnatural angle, blood trickling from her mouth to the floor, her clothes soaked with her blood. She looked dead.
Chinua picked up the telephone and called the family doctor. ‘Come as quickly as possible,’ he said into the phone in a calm, eerie voice. ‘My wife is lying here on the floor and I think I killed her. There’s also a knife stuck in my thigh.’
Rosalie was hospitalized for a week. There were eight stitches done to her back, one on the back of her neck, and she had contusions all over her body, plus one under her left eye. When she was discharged, she called her father, and this time he did not display his habitual indifference. The insult was too great; Chinua Johnson had to be paid back in full. Seven hefty young men came to the mansion and beat him till he almost went into a coma. They would have broken his bones had Rosalie not called a stop to it.
And the truth was that Rosalie had almost been tempted to let them do it; break his bones so he could learn the biggest lesson of his life and learn how to treat her like a human being. But she knew that she would never want to have her husband emasculated in that way; the insult to his sanity would be too great.
Henry loved what they’d done to his father; it would serve the bastard right to hit his mother again. It was then that he realized that he could hate his father with an animal intensity that almost scared him because he knew that he could kill the man. All it would take was one slip, and his father would be dead and there was nothing more there was to it.
It was Chinua’s cruelty and his tenacious love and pity for his mother that formed his character. His father inflamed in him a cold hatred for violent men and an unreserved tenderness for women. He loved women with a tenderness that bordered almost on reverence; they were not to be touched. That was what he suspected had formed the basis of his homosexuality. But then, he could never be sure of anything because things were not written in black and white.
Chinua’s act of brutality against his wife hardened Henry, turned him cold and almost unfeeling towards the man that gave him life. He became noticeably cold and very distant towards the man, arrogant to his paternal relatives because they knew of their brother’s cruelty and had never bothered to call him to order. He felt sheer contempt for them and he never bothered to disguise it and he was sure they knew it. They tried to pamper him with gifts, they tried to make amends, but he would have none of it. He was an only child, and therefore the gifts that poured in from his parents were more than enough for him. Instead, he turned his attention towards working out his body so that he could be strong enough to save his mother from the clutches of the lunatic she’d married.
Sometime in 1993, Chinua hit Rosalie again because a servant had dared to burn his shirt with a pressing iron. She did not retaliate because she was just recovering from the flu. Instead, she sat there stoically. She had never looked more beautiful or sad, ever. At that moment, seeing his mother so broken and helpless, Henry ran to the kitchen, picked up a knife, and returned and stabbed it at his father. His intent had been to kill the bastard by sticking the object in his head, but the man had thrown up his hands to shield his face and the knife went into his hand, sticking in straight to the bone.
‘If you ever lay your hands on my mother again, then I am going to kill you,’ Henry said to him in a voice of icy coldness, his demeanor one of frozen ice. ‘I will let you beat her, but afterwards, when you’re in your bed; I’ll drive a knife into your skull and kill you. You won’t even know what had hit you.’
They stood there staring at each other, father and son. Chinua appeared strangely calm even with the knife sticking in his hand and the blood that trickled down to the floor. Finally, he let out a bellow of laughter. ‘You’re the true son of your father,’ he said, and there was obvious sincerity in his voice. ‘And I know that you’ll make a very good businessman one day. However, what you’ve done is unpardonable, and I will not let you go unpunished for it. When the time comes, I am going to make you pay for this. I promise you that.’
And Chinua never hit Rosalie again. He would rave and rant like he was always apt to do, but he never physically assaulted her again. Instead, he channeled his aggression into infidelity and acquired a string of beautiful lovers for his use. He took them with him on his business trips abroad and plied them with very expensive gifts. Occasionally, he bought gifts for Henry and even started to involve him gradually in the affairs of his business empire although Henry was still very young－ barely seventeen. The young son felt the shift of the family power to him, but he was very wary of his father because the man’s threats still rang like bells in his ears, a constant reminder that he still owed Chinua a pound of flesh. Chinua Johnson was a man who never forgot nor forgave a slight, and since he’d promised retribution, Henry knew that he meant it. There was to be no middle ground on that score.
Now, six years later, Chinua was about to fulfill his promise: he was going to erase the name of his only son from his will and turn his entire wealth over to some nameless, faceless stranger who had mischievously gotten herself knocked up so she could wrap the Johnson family fortune around her pinkie finger. Henry burned with fury against his father, and he knew that he was going to fight his old man tooth and nail for the wealth that was rightly his. The family wealth had soared to unimaginable proportions because of how much Rosalie Johnson had contributed to it, and for him to be denied that wealth was to cheat him out of his birthright. 
He had to do anything to stop his father from carrying out that objective even if it meant killing him to do so.

AS WAS CUSTOMARY, Henry went to the early-morning Sunday mass service with his mother at the St. Charles Boromeo parish, Victoria Island, and then he came back to the house. Rosalie herself prepared the Sunday meal, and she spent three hours in the kitchen displaying her culinary skills much to the consternation of the gentle Mrs. Oyono who was fluttering around the whole house like a butterfly, dusting non-existent specks of dust from the impeccable furniture and muttering to herself and grumbling as if her employment had been terminated. ‘I wonder why she even keeps me here,’ she kept on saying over and over again.
Henry spent his own time before the TV, watching an episode of the extremely popular La Usurpadora, though his mind was only half on it because he kept on wondering about his father and what his mother had told him about the man trying to write him out of his will. He had to find a way to confront his father, he knew, and that meant that he had to cancel the sex appointment he had with the sexy dancer, Phoenix.
He wrote out a note, put the note in an envelope along with some money and gave it to Andrew, the son of the gardener, to go to the Drummer Club at the Oniru Beach side of Victoria Island and give it to Phoenix.
‘There will be something for you when you return,’ Henry assured him, winking conspiratorially. Then he went up to his room to get ready for the child-naming dinner party they were intending to go to at their uncle’s breathtaking home at Ikeja. He had to hurry to join his mother who was complaining about not wanting to be trapped in the traffic jam. It was really unfortunate, but the truth of the matter was that the traffic situation in Lagos was ten times worse than in any other part of the country.
When they got to the house, Rosalie drove her Bentley coupe up the curved driveway to the front entrance, and as they got down from it, she was waving and talking to acquaintances and friends. The house was magnificent, modeled by a French architect after the stunning homes of the French upper class and it was elaborately furnished with imported French walnut furniture and rose-marble floors bordered with sienna-red marble.
The dressing code for the day was blue gowns and expensive lace dresses with pink scarves for the women, blue tuxedoes and expensive native Agbada for the men. Henry had complied with the code, but Rosalie, always the social deviant, had donned on a sleeveless, velvet sheath dress that hugged her trim figure and was slit up the front to reveal some long legs that had been the sensation during her time on the screens.
‘You look wonderful, dear,’ Alfred Johnson beamed at her, and, having spent several years in London and imbibed some of their cultures, he kissed her on the cheeks. ‘Your husband is here with a young woman who says she’s here at your invitation. She’s a real beauty, but she can’t light a candle to you, yes?’
‘Yes,’ Rosalie replied, smiling tightly. But it was obvious to Henry that she had no inkling about what Alfred was talking about. Though she remained outwardly calm and in control of herself, Henry could sense her recoil into an inner shell, her face an artificial mask that hid the inner terror within.
The party was held outdoors. There were bars and buffet tents and dancing tents spread out over the grounds, and there was a highlife band playing. But the house itself was off-limits. The mansion, the guest bungalows, the tennis court, and the swimming pool were all roped off and barred by security men.
The guests frolicked on the lawn, eating and dancing, plus gossiping for the obligatory four hours. The younger generation of the Johnson clan congregated together, leaving the older ones to discuss their business and their stocks and their love affairs and their women and the problems that came with being among the members of the upper echelon of the society. There was Cilia, the cousin who schooled in England; there was Dominic, the post-graduate law student at the Law School in Victoria Island, Lagos; there were so many of them. They chatted merrily, the young adults sneaking beer around under the censorious eyes of their watchful parents, the older youths swigging theirs without a care in the world.
‘What’s happening over there?’ asked Janet, nudging Henry with her shoulder. She was the daughter of Chinua’s younger brother, a sweet-faced girl with a sunny disposition and an easy manner. As kids, they’d played together, and even now, they were still very fond of each other and still met for drinks and the occasional dinner whenever they could.
Henry looked in the direction she’d pointed which was bathed in the artificial glow of electric bulbs and what he saw made him to frown with apprehension and disapproval. Chinua was standing before Rosalie, with a young woman on his arm. He lurched forward, and it was obvious that he had gotten tipsy, and he was speaking loudly, gesticulating wildly at Rosalie and the young man that stood beside her. The other family members were talking, and from the look of concern on their faces, which was mixed with malicious expectation, it was obvious that something was going down between him and his wife.
‘I married a whore!’ Chinua stated loudly in a drunken voice as Henry reached them. The merriment had been suspended, and everyone were about to witness a squabble. ‘She thinks she’s something because she’s appeared before TV once or twice, but I tell you that underneath all that bones and fair skin is a nonentity.’ He lumbered forward but was restrained by the young woman who was planted firmly by his side. ‘She’s nothing, so I’ve decided to get myself a real woman.’
‘That’s enough!’ Henry bellowed savagely amidst horrified murmurs and the exchange of glances. ‘You shall not insult my mother like that again!’
‘Do not interfere, Henry. Let him rave; he’s perfectly drunk and does not know what he’s saying now.’ Rosalie’s voice was low and perfectly controlled but her eyes looked deadly. 
Chinua let out a harsh bark of laughter that seemed to reverberate through the grounds. He was feeling buoyant with his intoxication, and the retaliation of his son goaded him further. ‘Rosalie is a prostitute,’ he snapped, his voice deadly, his face excited. He was drunk, and high too, angling for a fight with his son and his wife.
Rosalie smiled, and it was as much for the absurdity of the statement as for the assemblage that was soaking up everything that was going on. ‘He’s talking about me being with the son of his uncle,’ she said. ‘And that is ridiculous.’
And then Chinua swung one fist which caught the shell-shocked young man beside Rosalie squarely on the jaw, and there was a collective gasp from the family. At that moment, something snapped within Henry, and he felt a feeling of pure unadulterated hatred sweep over him and he lunged forward, one hand knocking the young woman who was his father’s date－ oh, the cheek of the man!－ out of the way, his right fist connecting with his father’s jaw. Even as the man let out a bellow of rage, he continued to swing his fist, and one by one, his blows flew out and thumped into Chinua’s body. He continued to punch and yell, never letting up. He wanted to kill the bastard because the man was a disgrace to the family; a womanizer who had dared to bring an outsider into the family gathering, a man who had dared to accuse his wife of infidelity when he was the unfaithful one. And then Henry could feel a million hands on his shoulders, peeling him off the body of his father, and he fought and kicked against the hands that held him, but they held him fast.
‘You son of an ashewo! ’ Chinua raged as blood poured from his mouth. ‘You ungrateful son of a whore! You shall pay for this!’ He swayed unsteadily on his feet, and then he drew the young woman to his side roughly. ‘Do you all see this woman?’ he demanded. ‘I will marry her and get this whore and her filthy son out of my house and my life.’
A wave of astonished murmurs rang through the family, including Henry. Chinua was smiling winningly now, as though savoring his victory. Then something seemed to happen to him. Suddenly, the smile was wiped from his face so fast, there was no expression waiting to cover the ensuing blankness. He seemed to be suspended between the world of the living and a dream of unreality. A great spasm rippled through his frame, and then he stumbled forward and collapsed on the ground.
‘She’s poisoned him,’ Rosalie said quietly but succinctly, one long finger pointed towards the young woman. ‘That wine in her arm must be poisoned.’ Her face was as blank as a china mask, and as hard.
For a long moment nothing happened, and it seemed as though time had been suspended. Then a scream erupted from a female throat, and, as if acting on a signal, the other women began to scream, each voice screeching with the loudness of an Irish Banshee, all of them wanting to outdo the others. 
Though struck dumb by what had transpired, Henry looked at his mother, and there she stood, her face emitting no emotions whatsoever, her face a frozen mask of total blankness, her eyes narrowed. And from within the depths of her eyes Henry could almost swear that a light of triumph shone in her eyes, and that coldness seemed to seep from her towards him, enveloping him. He had the thought then that if indeed the young woman had poisoned his father－ the young woman stood there petrified with shock, a look of terror on her face－ there was no doubt that Rosalie had done something too. 
There was no way on earth that the look on her face could be mistaken; she had done something.
One of the older men－ a distant relative who was a general surgeon－ bent forward towards the body of the man which was contorting with spasms, and then he shook his head sadly. It was a sign of doom, an indication that death loomed threateningly. Already some of the women were wailing like sirens, and the men were shedding silent tears and shaking their heads in the way only a man can do.
Henry stood there, thoroughly shaken, sobs racking his body. To his eyes, everything seemed to be happening as if through a great mist, and then the implication of the death of his father dawned on him with great force. He was now the man of the house, the heir to the empire. And through the loads of kohl that darkened her eyes, they shone out at him like lighted orbs, and she was nodding at him, a sure sign that it was all over now; they had won the battle against Chinua Johnson. 
‘How could this have happened?’ he asked of no one.
‘Thank the lover of your father, my son,’ Rosalie replied quietly, but her voice rang with clarity, and then the young woman who had been basking in the glory of being declared the wife-to-be of the great Chinua Johnson spun on her heels and fled. Nobody tried to stop her flight; nobody touched her; there were no screams to the guards to block her exit from the compound; there were no restraining hands to hold her slim figure back, no accusing tongues to yell at her to confess her sins. She just fled, and was never seen nor heard from again.

CHINUA JOHNSON WAS buried two weeks after his death at his home town, Nri, in Anambra State of Eastern Nigeria. 
Besides the burying crew, there many people in attendance at the funeral: there was the governor of the state along with his entourage and hangers-on; there were throngs of people from the business world of Lagos, and the entire community turned out en masse to the funeral; journalists and gossip columnists thronged the place. Due to the severe head infections she used to get when she cut her hair as a kid, Rosalie refrained from shaving her head bald as was customary; she had her jet-black hair hidden under a huge scarf and wore a very simple black dress. She stood there, tall and very elegant, chic and beautiful, withdrawn and remote, with Henry standing behind her. He made no attempt to comfort her because he knew that she needed no comforting about the death of the man who had chained her down into servitude.
He felt within him that she did not need the comfort he could give because she felt that there was none needed from him or any other person. She was free now from the clutches of the man that had been abusing her for years.
Rain was pelting down to the earth, and as the polished coffin which was now splattered with rain and mud was lowered into the ground, Henry felt the tears spring to his eyes. He had been at war with Chinua, but the man had been his father, and in his own twisted way, he loved him. 
Then there were the condolence visits from the friends and the in-laws of the Johnson family, and Henry and his mother had to entertain them all. Rosalie sat in a huge chair in the magnificent living room of the house of her late husband, a stoic statue, her eyes hidden by huge Gucci sunglasses that masked her face, leaving Henry to nod and smile as the people came in with their gifts of clothes and drinks, all saying: ‘Sorry, ndo o,’ and some of the women had to shed the obligatory tears for the widow of the great man.
‘Nwam nwoke, ndo,’ they all said to Henry, meaning: my son, sorry. And he was nodding his head at them and accepting their handshakes. He was the man of the house now, and it was his duty under the native law and custom of the people to receive the people that had come to cry with them then as they were crying and grieving over the death of the great man.
Then when all was finally over, they went back to Lagos. The lawyer that had managed the affairs of Chinua Johnson called the family over to the Chinua mansion for the reading of the will, and Henry had to come down from campus to be a part of it. Then they all moved to the Probate Registry of the Ikoyi High Court were the Probate Registrar supervised the activities since the will had been filed there. There were bequests to family members and charitable organizations, but the real bulk of the estate－ the mansion at Victoria Island, the house at their hometown back in the east, the block of flats at Ikoyi and Surulere, his shares in various multi-national companies, and the ones in the import-export business the family ran, excluding the controlling shares that Rosalie had－ all were turned over to Henry.
Later on, when they went home after the lawyer had assured them that he and the other executor of the will were already applying for probate, Rosalie told him, ‘There’s one more thing, Henry. If you were to drop dead at any time－’
‘I am just twenty-two,’ Henry protested.
‘You can die at any time, Henry,’ Rosalie countered. ‘Never forget that. If you die, then everything your father left for you will be gobbled up by your uncles and their families. They are all vultures, and they won’t hesitate to grab everything that your father had left behind at the slightest opportunity they get. They will try to grab the company, though they cannot dare try to touch my share of it－ my lawyers will rip them to pieces if they dare try. I may get to keep this house, but what about the other houses and apartment buildings? I am nothing but a woman, and in this country, the odds are stacked high against me. You see the point now, don’t you, Henry?’
He nodded. ‘What do you propose?’ 
With a small smile, Rosalie leaned forward and patted his arm, strands of hair falling into her face. ‘You are going to produce a child, Henry.’
‘What are you talking about?’ Henry gasped, and his eyes were almost popping out of his head in undisguised shock.
Rosalie nodded, and her stunning face was wreathed in smiles. ‘I do not care if you are not in love, or consider yourself too young and unprepared for the task. But the point is that you shall sire a child, and I hope it will be a son. Afterwards, you can feel free to divorce the girl you married and I will arrange a fair settlement with her. Now, there is this list of pretty girls I would like you to see.’
And Henry knew that the net had been drawn tight. He’d always known that one day, he would be expected by the society to get it down with a woman, but what he had never expected was that it was going to be so soon, right after he’d truly lost his virginity to Phoenix at the Drummer Club.
He knew that he would never go back to that club to look for the beautiful dancer ever again because the bell of responsibility was ringing, and he had to answer to it.
That night, when he went into his room and lay on the bed, he cried bitterly.
－
CHAPTER THREE
Phoenix was seated before the vanity table of the dressing room of the Drummer Club, preparing to get ready to go onstage for his performance. As he plied black kohl on his eyelids with meticulous care, the diamond ring on his right hand flashed, catching his attention. The ring had been a stupid mistake on his part, a temporary aberration that was never to be repeated again. But he had been unable to stop himself from seeking for that ring; the ring was too beautiful and it had caught his fancy, and it was so obviously not a fake. The other guy had been very willing to part with the thing after only a moment’s hesitation when he could have refused to part with the thing, so it meant that the guy was obviously loaded with juice. Phoenix had not spent the months at the Drummer Club without developing a well-honed instinct for detecting the signs that emanated from the guys of the upper echelon of the Lagos society.
The young man who owned the ring was obviously new at the altar of gay love because of his insatiable need for their tryst and the fact that he had subsequently written a note to Phoenix, along with some money and an apology for being unable to honor their second appointment.
‘Phoenix.’
He looked up, dragging his traitorous senses from its contemplation of the rich enigmatic stranger to focus back on his immediate surroundings. A tall dark man with a sculpted body and a finely chiseled face was standing behind him. It was Ali Hassan, the Northerner who owned the snakes Phoenix usually used for his acts.
‘Can you handle the cobra even with the fact that it has had its poison sac removed?’ he asked.
Phoenix nodded, a smile appearing on his lips. His eyes met the eyes of the man through the mirror and their gaze held, and he knew that when his act for the night was over, he’d have to show the man his gratitude in bed. Without another word, Phoenix stood up and walked away from the room, and in his mind which was a large labyrinth of memories and a long corridor of events, the past and the present began to merge into one incomprehensible whole. 

PHOENIX. 
That was his name, the name that he’d chosen to merge with his identity, but it was not the name that he’d been born with. He had been born as Tochi Okoh in 1981 to Andrew and Andrea Okoh. His father was a commercial bus driver in the teeming city of Onitsha where he’d pitched tent after walking away from his life in Lagos working as a factory worker in Ikeja and his mother was a small-time seamstress with very little prospects of advancement. There was his older sister and older brother, and then his kid sister who was conceived three years after his unceremonious birth.
His earliest memory of himself was a little boy with the plump face and the very quiet disposition who people loved to carry about. As he grew up, he skipped some classes, advancing forward, and, by some twist of fate, he found himself in the same class with his older brother after he’d lost all his set mates who were not skipping up to the higher classes like he was.
Phoenix came from a higher lower-income earning family by the then Nigerian standards, with a plethora of aunts and uncles. Then, in 1990, when he became enrolled in for his junior secondary school alongside his elder brother Matthew, his problems really started. Already, he’d lost his chunkiness and the plumpness of his baby years, but his body was round, his legs curved like a girl’s, his ass full and very round, and his face was very delicate-looking as to render him very feminine, making people to wonder sometimes if he was really male. From that age of nine, his effeminacy had become really apparent, too pronounced, and he was often bullied by the boys of the school because of his fragility, and because he was too young to be in their midst.
‘You really must stop this stupid feminine behavior of yours,’ Matthew would admonish him in anger. ‘It is ridiculous.’
But Phoenix really couldn’t stop it. It was a part of his genetic make-up, and there was no way he could control that behavior. It was a deeply ingrained feature of his psyche that couldn’t be dispelled even via his greatest efforts. He was relegated to the background, a nondescript fellow who lacked the commanding presence and the hyped sense of masculinity of the other boys. He was the isolated one at school, the one no one would really associate with unless where absolutely necessary, and at home, he was treated with open contempt by his brother and the kids of the neighborhood because of the fact that his behavior was unacceptable.
Due to the crushing loneliness that engulfed him, a loneliness which survived even till his adulthood, he turned to books as an escape route. He devoured all the novels he could lay his hands on, and, as each tale unfolded before him, he got lost in the lives of those he knew nothing about. But the problem was that he never had the money to buy all the books and the novels he needed. He was also among the very last to pay the school fees in the class and was often sent home because of his inability to pay the necessary fees.
All these contributed to crush his spirit and whatever faith he had in the human factor. It was then that he learned that you had to only look out for yourself and for no other person, that it was a man-eat-man world out there.
During the lunch times, when the other students went to the school cafeteria to buy assorted snacks and drinks and stuff themselves with it, only Phoenix and his brother bought nothing more often than they did, because they didn’t usually have even the paltry change it took to buy a bottle of yoghurt and doughnuts. In their home they ate breakfast at the crack of dawn, ate nothing in school, and by the time they returned home in the evening and did their house chores, they ate their dinner. Lunch was such a foreign concept to Phoenix.
By the time Phoenix started maturing into puberty, he turned quite beautiful. His physical details were becoming more pronounced; his looks had blossomed rapidly. He was a stunning beauty, what with his luminous brown eyes, light brown complexion, and perfectly chiseled features. It was a look that would have rendered a woman to be a stunning beauty, but in a man, it was a lethal combination that exposed him to abuse and lots of stupid questions about his sexuality.
On January 1994, his elder sister Vivian got married. In her own way, she’d been close to Phoenix, though her sanguine nature kept her from being too attached to him, and he missed her. But the life had to go on and there was nothing to be done about it.
The taunting continued.
‘Oh, Tochi baby, dance for us and shake your ass so we can see what you’ve got . . .’
‘Tochi, walk again like that dancer you try so hard to emulate . . .’
‘Tochi, I know you’re a kpokpo garri, so I’d really like to stick a piece of wood in your ass. Kpa gi homo . . .’
The taunts were malignant, and they crushed Phoenix’s spirit like nothing else ever could, and during the nights, when the entire family was in bed, he sat down and cried, tears of pure sorrow cascading down his eyes. His life was a living hell, and he could remember the times when he thought of committing suicide, though he of course could never dare to try such because of the fact that his culture totally forbade it. And besides that, what would he use to realize his plans? He had no access to guns; knives were too painful, too direct, and not even foolproof. Slitting his wrists with a razor involved a lot of blood, and so was out of the question. He wanted to just go away, to become detached from his physical body and float weightlessly to a place where there’d be no more taunting, a place where he wouldn’t be an embarrassment to the masculine gender.
However, all that was impossible and so he turned to physical exercises. He started to jog, and then he turned to more taxing pursuits; he turned to yoga. He drew inspiration from the Chinese martial arts movies that thronged the market in those days: Twin Warrior; The East is Red . . . he remembered the taunting he always had to endure from the guys he knew and pursued that part of fitness with a serious passion. At first, everyone thought he was crazy, but after he’d thrown one balletic kick too many, they all learned to be very wary of him.
One day, in 1995, Phoenix got the gay insult from Matthew, when the latter called him a kpokpo garri right in front of one of his friends, and it hurt him so bad, to be insulted like that by his own family. He knew that Matthew and all the other guys were wrong in one respect: no guy had ever touched him in that way, though not for their lack of trying but because he’d halted the advances firmly and very stubbornly.
 His preternatural feminine looks, coupled with his voice and that slightly swaying walk rendered whatever assertions he made pertaining to the fact that he was not gay totally unbelievable to his peers. And now that even his own blood brother had called him out on it, it cut him to the core, and it was an event he vowed never to forget, even to his dying day.
At last, by that ripe age of fifteen, he came to a realization of the way guys acted around him. He grouped them into three categories. Those in the first category were those who did not mind his effeminacy and tried to be good to him everywhere. They enjoyed his wit and his honesty, and his company, though he never really became good friends with any of them. The second group was those who were polite to him in public, shunned him socially, but they were always coming around to ask for sexual gratification from him. They begged, they cajoled, and some even threatened him with threats as they plied him with gifts. The third group shunned him in every ramification of the word. Some were closet gay cases who did want to appear safe in the light of the homophobia in the country. And then there were those that were so thoroughly confused about who and what they were that they did not know how to act around him.
When he took the Senior School Certificate Examination with his brother and they both passed, Matthew elected to go into business because there was no money for them to go to the university. He had expected to be relieved that his brother who was always at his throat was now gone from the house but the truth was that he wasn’t. He was now basically left with no one to talk to.
In 1997, when he turned into the ripe sweet sixteen, Phoenix was sent over to Calabar to stay with an aunt and her family who would see to his tertiary institution training.
‘We do not have the money to train you up to the level you’d have wanted to go to,’ Andrea, his mother, informed him.  ‘You are very young, but you have the wisdom and the knowledge of an old man. Agatha my sister is quite wealthy, and so she’ll be in the better position to help you than we will here. Let me handle your younger sister, Juliet. I hope you understand.’
He was no fool; he understood her perfectly well. He had the grim determination to succeed, and then he went off to live with Agatha, her husband Ezekiel and their son. Their home was exquisitely furnished, with the touch of elegance and opulent beauty he’d always dreamt of. He marveled at the white walls, the exquisite paintings that decorated them. There were very beautiful works of pottery that dotted the house, stainless cooking equipment that filled the kitchen and left him feeling awed and terrified at the same time. It was as if he was in another world altogether.
And he felt that here, at last, he would have what he wanted and be the person that he was meant to be with his life.
Unfortunately, he was wrong about that.

IT WAS ON the second day that Phoenix spent in the exquisite apartment he was now a part of that he realized that his time in the home of his aunt and her family would not be spent in luxury. She had woken him from bed at four am－ he knew what the time was because he’d sneaked a look at the wall clock in the parlor when they’d walked past it on their way to the kitchen. Agatha plunked herself down on a stool and began to reel off a list of tasks that he was to perform.
‘As you know, Larry has an intense aversion to kitchen work, so you will have to fill in on his behalf, wash the used dishes from the previous night, make a cup of warm coffee for my husband, a cup of very sweet tea for me and a cup freshly squeezed oranges for my son  Larry. Every day when you finish cooking, scrub the countertop, scrub the sinks, keep everything in this kitchen sparkling clean; make sure you check the vegetable and meat compartments in the fridge to make sure that nothing there is rotten or needs to be thrown out. All the washed dishes need to be meticulously arranged in the cupboard. Everything is to be neatly stacked and arranged; never misplace anything or break anything.
‘Wash all the dirty clothes belonging to my family and iron them all. Place mine in my walk-in closet, Ezekiel’s in his, Larry’s in his too. Wash the blankets and the other stuff at least once every week, and keep them all tidy. Every morning at six, rush downstairs and wash my car, my husband’s too; make sure everything in them is very neat and ready for use. I will teach you how to start a car so you can also warm my car while washing. I will show you how to top up the brake fluids and power steering fluids, and to check the tires too. Every day, I will write down the list of things for you to buy－ Larry will be made to show you the market. Sweep the whole house every day and dust the cobwebs; clean all the electrical gadgets once every week. Wash the toilets and the bathrooms with liquid cleaner and a can of Hypo bleach－ please remove all spots. Did I make myself clear?’
Still recovering from the shock at the avalanche of chores that had been heaped on him as if he was a slave, all Phoenix could do was to reply: ‘Yes.’
‘Yes what?’ Agatha said in a cold flat voice that was alien to her usual exuberant tones. There was a hardness to her now, something different in her attitude towards him.
‘Yes Aunty.’
And then she proceeded to teach him how to use the various appliances in the kitchen and around the house. She pointed out the sockets and switches; she showed him how to operate the telephones in the parlor and the master bedroom.
When the three pampered owners of the house subsequently left, Agatha to the company where she worked as an accountant, Ezekiel to his own workplace, and Larry to God-knows-where, Phoenix sat down on the tiled floor of the kitchen and wept. Hot tears of crushing bitterness swept down his cheeks, uninhibited. What a stupid, unrealistic fool he’d been: how could he expect Agatha to train him in school and for her and her over-pampered idiot of a son to treat him like family?
From the unending litany of chores the woman had heaped on him, it was obvious that the woman did not want a guest in her polished home; she wanted a slave! And she was demanding his services, not asking for them politely in this beautiful flat of hers!
At that very moment, he cursed his life; he cursed his unlucky fate for thrusting him into such an unfavorable position. There he was; an extremely intelligent straight-A student who had a very strong yearning to complete his education, but due to the fact that there was not enough money to see that through, he’d been sent here to be helped by his aunt. But she was first trying to subject him to the indignity of being the slave of her family.
Well, he could live with that. With a burning determination to win her approval and her love for him through his hard work, he set about his tasks, washing and dusting and cleaning and polishing till he almost dropped to the ground in sheer exhaustion. But as the day grew into days and the days into weeks, it became obvious to him that nothing he ever did to please his aunt ever did please nor went noticed by her. She was very quick to criticize even the smallest mistake, no matter how slight, but there was not to be any praise from her to him no matter what he did for her and her family. She was a monster, an impossible woman to please.
Once, when she was seated at the kitchen table, reading the beauty section of the morning paper and sipping a cup of yoghurt as she waited for her breakfast, her husband came in and sat beside her. ‘What are we having for breakfast?’ he asked her.
‘Pancakes,’ she answered flatly. She looked up at Phoenix, her eyes cold and hard, her face and demeanor ruthless. ‘Okay, cook.’ She snapped her fingers at her nephew.
 Phoenix set about preparing her request, icy fear beating at his chest. He put in too much sugar in the creamed coffee because he had no idea that it was already pre-creamed before the packaging; he botched the poached eggs. The burnt oats and the badly fried pancakes were the last straw. They were meant to be perfectly round and brown; the shape of his pancakes were uneven and a mixture of brown-and-black, thanks to too much heat from the gas cooker and too much sugar in the mixture which caused the pancakes to burn quickly. In a flash Agatha was on her feet and across the kitchen floor, delivering to his face a stunning slap that jerked his head back with a snap. Wham!
‘You demon child!’ she screamed at him, her body shaking with the force of her rage. ‘Any idiot can prepare these meals but you destroyed everything. Do you know how much you just wasted? Andrea did not train you well, she didn’t. You’re just a useless piece of baggage like that your mother is.’
‘I am not useless, and neither is my mother.’
Slap, slap, slap!
 ‘Do not dare talk back to me, you untrained monkey!’ she screamed savagely at him. Pulling him savagely by the arm, she shoved him into her chair and frowned severely. ‘I will do them today, but heaven help you if you dare to waste my money again. I’ll kill you and cook you for dinner! All your mother knew was how to make useless babies. She cannot do anything, and you took right after her! Idiot!’
That was the beginning of a new ordeal. It became palpably obvious that Agatha had never loved his mother; she had taken him in so as to appear charitable to her less fortunate elder sister, but deep down in her heart, she hated having him under her roof. He remembered the different stories his mother had told him, of how often Agatha had humiliated her when they came together for family gatherings and meetings, and he knew that even though his aunt swam in a pool of money, she hated her elder sister and was insanely jealous of her. However, since she could not make Andrea to feel the brunt of her anger, she had to take it out on her nephew.
Phoenix woke at four every day, and did the chores in the house until they had all left, then he’d go and sit in the living room and switch on the TV even though his aunt had barred him from ever switching on her TV set whenever she was away from the house－ as if he even watched the thing when she was home－ and then he turned to the soap operas and the Mexican dramas. He soon became a soap opera addict, and as he watched the beautiful people on the big screens, he’s always convince himself that one day he’d be like them, a Face to be recognized wherever he went to, a force to be reckoned with. He would become a movie star like they were, with beautiful clothes and expensive things all around him for his use. He would make it and this same woman would be forced to watch his movies and applaud him on screen, but then it would be too late for her—he would never acknowledge her as his blood relation. She could enjoy her mistreatment of him now. His time would come. He promised himself that. 
The house was an extremely lonely place for him to be in; he had neither friends nor companions, and even though Larry was his set, the guy never stayed at home and even when he deigned to be there, he took pains to avoid Phoenix. He made lots of acquaintances, but there was no time for him to solidify their relationship into friendships because he had so much house work to do and so little time for himself, and Agatha had barred him from daring to bring in any ‘riff-raffs’ into her house. The only person he ever felt a little close to was his aunt’s husband, Ezekiel. He always came to talk to Phoenix whenever he had the time to spare.
‘I’m really sorry about your aunt,’ he told Phoenix one hot Saturday afternoon. He had returned home because he had a pounding headache, and, seeing Phoenix planted in the kitchen, preparing a chocolate cake for Agatha and her girl friends that would be coming over in the evening, he had sat down to keep Phoenix company. ‘I know that my wife doesn’t treat you well.’
‘She treats me the way she’d treat any other person,’ Phoenix countered uncomfortably, because he found it awkward to be discussing his aunt with her husband. What if he said the wrong thing and it reached his Dracula aunt? Then she would kill him for sure.
‘But she doesn’t treat Larry the way she treats you,’ Ezekiel persisted, fixing his eyes intensely on Phoenix’s face. ‘You have seen how useless the guy is, how he sits down and then watches the opportunities of life pass him by. And his mother does nothing.’
As he continued to prepare the batter, Phoenix merely lifted his shoulders in a small shrug. ‘He’s still a kid and he has the time to adjust, so . . .’
 The timer on the oven went off and he turned towards it, away from the eyes of his uncle in-law. He extracted the greased tin from which wafted forth the very strong aroma of a freshly baked delicacy, and then he placed it on the table. As he dipped a knife into the middle of it and extracted it, looking for any crumbs that may cling to it, an indication that the cake was not yet done, he felt Ezekiel embrace him from behind. He stiffened, alarm bells ringing in his mind.
‘You are very beautiful well-behaved boy with great intelligence,’ Ezekiel whispered into his hair. ‘You were not meant to suffer like this, not when you have people around you who should be helping you to achieve your dreams. I promise to help you in whatever way I can, but you must understand the fact that if I were to dare to interfere too forcefully, she’ll turn more mean to you when she has you alone to her clutches.’
Phoenix was really reassured by the kind words, but the expressive love and the affection this man had for him made him uncomfortable. It was the kind of thing he was unused to, some alien concept to him. But he knew that he needed all the love he could get because of the fact that he felt caged as if from all sides. There was his monstrous aunt on one side; there was Larry and his supreme indifference on the other side, and then there was Ezekiel . . . and what did Ezekiel want?
His life was an ordeal that he had to live through every day. He became aware that Ezekiel had gotten kinder towards him, more attentive to him as a person not as the unpaid help of the family; there was the occasional body contact between them which was prolonged by the man; every eye contact they had was some kind of challenge that begged for a release. It was something that petrified Phoenix with a nameless terror, one that kept him awake some nights. At the back of his mind he felt that he knew what his uncle wanted, but he dared not put a name to it so he wouldn’t have to face it.
Everything that happened around him in the home of his aunt was a source of apprehension to him, and he often found himself hurrying through his house chores so he could get out into the streets and be free from the suffocating family he’d gotten himself entangled with. He admired the men in their flashy cars as they swept past on the streets; he admired the flash of their wealth, and he always told himself that one day, he’d be like them, that his own time was coming. He had that faith in his life, that something would change, and then he would be way better than his aunt and what she had to offer to him, which was nothing, by the way.
One day, when he had heaps of laundry to do and subsequently grew very fatigued about it, he went into the living room, and sat down on one of the plush chairs after he’d flicked on the TV set. There was a Mexican soap playing on the TV, and it was raining, and he felt so tired his eyes were already closing before he’d seen two scenes in the movie.
A loud clap of thunder that flashed across the sky made him sit bolt upright in his chair, all the sleep scrubbed from his eyes. His gaze flew to the clock, and he discovered that he’d been asleep for a little over three hours on the chair, and that he’d left more than half of his daily chores untouched. Flying to his feet as if he’d been stuck by a sharp needle, he hurriedly switched off the TV and turned towards the door. And then he froze.
Standing in the doorway, water dripping down her expensive suit, was Agatha. She looked deadly, her eyes glaring at her nephew with a coldness and hatred that was almost palpable. ‘So you’ve been busy watching the TV all day long,’ she said in a cold flat voice as she stepped into the room, closing the door behind her. ‘Disobeying my instructions, that’s what you’ve been doing.’ 
Phoenix felt his muscles clench with fear and apprehension, his mind wondering why his own aunt would like the wrath of Hades on earth. ‘I can explain,’ he said.
‘There is nothing for you to explain, you little devil. I told you what to do before I left here in the morning. You left my things untouched!’
Phoenix opened his mouth to say something in his defense, but a crushing blow from Agatha’s fist sent him reeling back, a wave of pain assailing his senses, blood sputtering from his mouth. Agatha then pounced on him like a tigress, throwing strong punches at him like a professional boxer. She struck hard and mercilessly, over and over again, her fists hitting at him with the force of a sledgehammer, her long acrylic nails scratching at his neck and face. She was kicking him, hitting him, until he fell to the floor, and yet she continued her merciless attack on him until he blacked out . . . mercifully blacked out.
It was that particular episode that made him to lose whatever love and empathy he had in him. The woman had not even bothered to see that he had the requisite medical care after her assault on him, and threatened to throw him out into the streets if he dared to divulge the occurrence to her husband when he returned from work. 
‘Remember your education,’ she warned.
Hence, he’d been forced to dish out some trumped-up excuse about some stupid mistake he’d made during the day that had caused his fall and injury, but he could see that the man did not believe him, that Ezekiel was no fool; he knew what had happened. But since there was a conspiracy of silence, he knew that there was nothing he could do about it.
A week later, Phoenix overhead the couple arguing in their room about him in the middle of the night. He’d been sleeping when he heard the sound of raised voices, so he’d crept out of bed and tiptoed silently to the door of their room to know what the problem was.
Ezekiel was speaking, his voice low but intense and furious. ‘That boy is your own nephew. He’s your blood, yet you treat him no better than a slave you have in the house and you look for ways to degrade him as if he was nothing. All he’s ever done was to try and show you some love, but all you do is to hate him. I wonder why you went down to Onitsha to get him.’
‘I was doing my stupid sister a favor,’ Agatha snapped, he voice like a whiplash. ‘She wants me to finance the education of her son whereas she could have just sent him off to someone as an apprentice to a businessman so he can learn a trade. Instead, she wants to send him to school.’
‘And is something wrong with that?’ Ezekiel demanded.
‘Of course not, but the point here is that I do not want to spend my money on that woman or any of her offspring. She always thought that she was better off than any of us, that she’s got better kids than any of her other sisters. Now, she’s foisting her brat son on me and I am not happy about that.’
‘Are you jealous of your sister?’ Ezekiel asked in a voice so soft that Phoenix had to strain to hear him well.
‘We’re not discussing that woman here, so let it rest. Just know it that I don’t intend to send him to school with my money. He can stay here and rot for all I care.’
Phoenix had heard enough. He stumbled back to his room, tears filling his vision, rage and sorrow welling within him. Every day, he slaved for this woman, ran her errands, served her and worked for her till it felt as if his fingers were about to fall off. She had treated him cruelly, doled out the worst punishments for him, and he had done all she ever asked for. But now, she’d said it plainly, that she would rather die than help him see his dreams up to fulfillment. Now, she was treating him very badly, and all to spite her elder sister whom she hated and was jealous of, and that elicited a bout of laughter from him because he knew that, of all her kids, he was the least loved by his mother. The silly woman had chosen the wrong candidate for her wicked acts; she should have chosen his elder brother. That way, she would get her revenge against his mother.
He had no prospects of being anything other than a house servant in this house if he continued to stay there, so he knew that he had to escape from here and find his way. He’d spent seven months here with them, and he hoped they would take him with them when they were going back for the Christmas holiday. Then he’d wave goodbye to them and go his own way. But Agatha later announced to him during the start of December that he was going to stay back in Calabar and start reading his books so as to get ready to take the JAMB exams for his admission into the university the following year. But he knew that she was lying to him; he’d heard her conversation with her husband and he knew what she had planned for him.
How could he escape from that house?
Then, out of the blue, like the flash of white lightening on a dark night, the answer came to him. He remembered that during the third month of his stay there, he’d gone to the market, and on his way back home, he had run into a man as he’d just turned into their street. The man seemed to be having a very difficult time changing the flat tire of his car because his left arm was in a sling and he had to work only with the right one. There was something obviously foreign about him; he was enviably slim, with jet-black hair that must have received a fortune in expensive treatments; there was this boyish handsomeness in his face and a delicacy of his features that captivated the senses, and he looked perfectly groomed. Phoenix had stopped and then had fixed the tire for the man because he knew how to do it; Agatha had forced him to learn the mechanics of a car so he could be changing her car oil and fixing tires whenever the need for it arose.
The man offered him money, but Phoenix had coolly waved the money away. ‘Sorry, I don’t accept money from people when I help them. I helped you because you’d needed my help.’
‘Thank you,’ the man had replied, surprised. Without hesitation, he whipped out a leather wallet from his pocket, extracted a blue card from it and headed it over to Phoenix. ‘You’re a very good guy, and if you need anything, call the number on this card. Ask to speak to Lawrence if someone else answers the call. Remember, anything at all.’ And with that he’d entered his car and had driven off.
Phoenix had dumped the card into his battered suitcase and had forgotten all about it. Now, his heart racing in his chest, he ran for the case, looked for the card, and when he found it, he flew straight to the telephone in the living room. He knew that he’d struck gold when Lawrence himself answered the call. That soft voice with the carefully modulated tones was unmistakable, that even after the passage of some months here, he could still remember the sound with perfect clarity.
The man listened patiently, and when Phoenix had finished explaining his plight to him, he said, ‘Oh, that’s too bad. You know I cannot pay your fees－ it seems too inappropriate. However, I have another suggestion. I want you to come to Lagos. Come there, and then I will help do something for yourself and then you’ll be able to send yourself to school and do what you want. Can you do that?’
Of course he could do that! With a silent prayer to the gods for his protection, Phoenix flew around the house on butterfly wings, packed up every single thing that belonged to him in that expensive apartment, and then he was off to Lagos with the last cash he had in his pocket. He wished that there was something bad he could use to repay his aunt for her cruelty to him, but then he felt in his heart that his future success would be enough punishment for her when he had made something out of his life.

LAWRENCE LIVED IN a three-bedroom flat at Lekki phase 1, and he was in his early thirties, a man who had been divorced by his wife; the woman had gotten custody of their two sons and lived with them now in Abuja. Lawrence would never say what had prompted her to divorce him and Phoenix never asked. The man would tell him if he wanted to.
 Phoenix spent the remainder of the Christmas holiday with him, and in January 1998, he started to work for Lawrence in his beauty salon which was located at Ikoyi and there he learned everything there was to learn about the beautification of the female form. He learnt everything from tint and dye jobs, to perms and artificial hair extension weaving; he learnt how to plait hair. Lawrence encouraged him to make the much he could from the rich pampered wives and girlfriends of the Lagos elite, and to save what he could for the purpose of his schooling. He worked there full-time for a year, and was always sending money home to his parents whenever he could.
One burning Saturday afternoon, a man came to the salon, accompanying a young woman who wanted to have her hair layered and then dyed a dark brown. The man was tall, dark and lean, and he gave Phoenix a very long probing look as Phoenix set about working on the hair of the young woman as best he could. Later that night, as Phoenix locked up－ Lawrence had already left hours ago to go clubbing at Ikeja－ the man came back into the salon.
‘My name is Ali Hassan,’ the man said succinctly, his voice cool and impersonal. ‘I have a snake farm where I have dozens of the most exotic snakes you’ve ever seen, and I think that my creatures will love you very much. Can you dance?’
Phoenix frowned. ‘You want me to dance for you and your snakes?’ He thought that the man had taken leave of his senses.
‘No. I want you to learn how to handle the snakes, move with them, and dazzle people with them. You have very graceful movements, like a dancer; all very seductive. And you’re also one of the most unarguably beautiful men I have ever seen. I want you to take that beauty and talent out into the streets, where you can add to the money you make for that man you work for here. Are you interested in exotic dancing?’
Phoenix could see the challenge in the dark eyes that was watching him like a side dish, and then he felt something in him responding to the challenge, rising to the bait. This would be the very first step towards his glory. He did not know what made him to think that, but he felt it strongly in his bones. He nodded.
And that was how he found his way into the expensive, exclusive interior of the Drummer Club as a dancer, catering to the tastes of the super-rich fun-chasers of the Lagos elite. It was a club that sold everything conceivable, from marijuana to nubile young women and young boys for the sexual entertainment of its clientele, and that was where the Fates had planted Phoenix. He entered the club through the connections Hassan had, though it was after he’d first shown his gratitude to the man with his body, allowing the man access to every part of his anatomy that he’d kept sacred.
Ali Hassan was the person he lost his virginity to in the real sense of the word, and it was all for the purpose of him getting to the top of the game. It was a painful, body-tearing experience, one never to be forgotten.
When the manager of the Drummer Club asked for his name, he said, ‘Phoenix,’ because that was who he was now; Tochi Okoh was buried somewhere within him.
And then he’d gone on the stage and had made a performance that was jaw-droopingly perfect in the dimmed room, with the red lights aligned in such a way as to shine on him with reptilian spots all over him, making him look like a human reptile. The club really wanted him, and he had to keep on going back to them, and then came the subtle hints from the manager that he was wanted in more ways than he was giving to them, and he was no fool; he knew that there were men there who would want him for sex since he was the physical stereotype of the gay male. Many wanted him, but he was selective and very picky. He wanted to be more than some exotic dancer with the snake and the hot tongue that gave pleasure to rich young men and married men who left their wives at their expansive homes in VI, Ikoyi, Victoria Garden City, and all came there for some sex and fun.
He began to plot, to make plans, a plot that would catapult him into the glare of the big screens, one that would revolutionize his name.
He knew that he wanted to be an actor, and he was working towards it.

CHAPTER FOUR
Henry Johnson had to continue with his schooling though he knew that he was no long the carefree guy he used to be; he now had a lot of responsibilities resting on his shoulders. He had tried to beg off, but Rosalie reminded him that all his life he’d had everything easy, that now was the time for him to make his bones in the family; he had to show that he was strong enough and ruthless enough to take over the family business when the time came for him to handle it. And so, every Friday afternoon, after his lectures, he’d drive down to the family house in VI from his rented two-bedroom flat off the main campus gates in Akoka Yaba, in the Lagos Mainland, and then get himself immersed in the business, attending meetings and signing documents and brainstorming with the marketing team.
He knew that his mother had her list of the potential candidates of his would-be wife ready with her. He was very close to her, but he could not possibly divulge to her that he was gay－ the ravishing ex-beauty queen would definitely freak out, and so he had to live this secret burden. There were cute athletic men everywhere on campus, guys with very hard bodies and beautiful packages under their shorts which he often glimpsed. He was a very athletic guy and so was well known for his prowess in the sporting arena, so he moved with the ‘boys’ and was thus subjected to the humiliation of looking at their bodies without touching them, and even touching them without daring to fondle them in the way he’d have wanted to.
 He wanted nothing more than to have one of them as a permanent fixture in his sex life, but he dared not reach out to any of them for the fear of rejection. It was true that they all played together, drank together, even showered together after their sporting activities, but they were all beyond reach; so close, yet, so far away. And he kept on wondering about what it would be like for him to take one penis and put it into his mouth－ what would it taste like? How would the other guy feel?
What made matters worse was the fact that he was from a rich family, and that he was the only son of the well-known Rosalie, and he’d inherited her stunning physical looks, so the girls flocked to him in droves. He tolerated them with an amused indulgence and carefully veiled contempt. Sexually, he wanted to have absolutely nothing to do with any of them at all. Their sexy bodies, low cut bodices, perfectly rounded butts, alongside their feminine allure, did not turn him on in the least. If anything, he felt disgusted at the thought of having even anything slightly sexual to do with any of them. 
One day, tired after the grueling but very necessary hectic schedule Rosalie subjected him to whenever he came home during the weekends, he went to visit his closest friend Richard. The guy was always dressed in very skimpy nothing briefs that hugged his manhood tightly whenever he was at home, and so Henry had his view of what the guy had to offer, making him to crave the beautiful dancer he’d met at the Drummer Club passionately once again. 
‘Let’s go clubbing tonight,’ he told Richard on a sudden impulse.
Richard laughed. ‘Is it to the Drummer Club? But it’s far from here, and I think it must be because of that dancer with those snakes of his that you seem anxious to go back and see him. I keep on thinking to myself that one day those snakes are going to bite him or squeeze his thin body to death.’
‘We’re going there tonight,’ was all Henry deemed necessary to say, for he knew that his friend needed very little or no conviction to get him to do what Henry wanted. Besides that, they had just finished their semester exams that afternoon and everybody needed the time to unwind and relax after the all-nighters and cramming.
 Later that night, they drove out to Victoria Island, to the club. 
It was a Friday night, and the strippers, the whores, and those seeking fun were out in full force. The white wine, the beer, the hard liquor, and even the sex at the club came at a ridiculously expensive price; that was to be expected as the main aim of the club was to keep low-lifers out of its plush interior. There was no definite report on the amount of sexual coupling, but the smell of hard sex and semen seemed to drip into the hallways, along with the smell of expensive perfumes.
The men and the women were all drinking and talking, watching the nubile female strippers perform as they all waited for the stunningly beautiful effeminate dancer to make his appearance and dazzle them with the spectacle of his snakes. However, the young guy did not appear. Rather, the more audacious female strippers were out in force, and for the money that was being pelted at them, they stripped and danced and stripped some more as the money kept on coming until they were naked. The men were hooting and screaming for more, gripping the edge of their seats, while some of them had to flee to the private urinals and masturbate, get the load off before they raped someone there in the main entertainment parlor.
‘Is our dancer not coming tonight?’ Henry demanded impatiently, though he feigned nonchalance. ‘Why is he not here tonight?’
Richard slid out from their table to go and make the necessary enquiries. Five minutes later, he was back to the table with two scantily dressed young women who smelled of cheap perfume and cigarettes that were to join them at the table.
 ‘The rumor is that the guy is gone, some say, for good,’ he explained. ‘He left here weeks ago, and even the manager doesn’t know what became of him. However, he left some gifts for his loyal fans to remember him by.’ He pulled a brown envelope from his pocket and dropped it to the table. ‘By the way, those pictures are expensive.’
Without another word, Henry took the envelope and slunk out of the club, ignoring the entreaties of his friend that he stay back with him and the girls with their slinky bodies. Thankfully, they were in VI, so it was not difficult for him to get a cab to take him down to their family home. He had locked up his room, because he knew that he may not be returning there for some time, so there was no need for him to go back to it.
He was furious that in spite of the fact that he was very rich and could have anybody he wanted; that he couldn’t get the one thing he really wanted.  He had come to terms with his homosexuality some time ago, though for a very long time before then he’d been in denial of it, and even now, he had not totally accepted it. He remembered the news article he’d read, about two men that had been caught having sex in a motel room at Mile 2, and one of the men, the fast one, had fled out through the window; the other, not so fast, had been caught and beaten so severely that he’d died a few days later in the hospital. The other, a man of affluent means, had fled the country and sought for asylum in the UK, and he’d never returned.
Henry did not want to become a fugitive in his own country where he had so many assets that had been bequeathed to him in his father’s last will and testament. He had no brothers or sisters that would take over the wealth should anything happen to him, and it would surely break his mother’s heart if it was to be discovered that he was a homo and was on the run from the hands of homophobes who were out to get him.
When he got home, he went straight to bed and slept till eight the following Saturday morning. Then he went about his bathroom duties before he went down to see his mother. And there she was; the epitome of beauty, forever trim, forever beautiful, and he couldn’t help but smile as he thought how they were so like two friends than like mother and son.
‘It’s so nice to have you back here with us,’ Rosalie said as she turned the fashion magazine she’d been looking at closed and beckoned at him with one long-nailed finger to some and sit with her. ‘There is something I would like for us to discuss.’ She smiled with the sweetness of honey. ‘It’s about those girls that I told you about. It is time for you to meet them and make your choice.’
‘How many girls do you have on your list?’ he asked, and there was a sickening feeling of dread in his stomach about the plans she’d undoubtedly set in motion.
Rosalie flashed her winning smile, her jewels flashing as she flipped a lock of hair from her flawless face. Her eyes shone with the light of unconcealed excitement. ‘I have seven girls on the list. They’re from families that are not as affluent as ours, or else they’ll be more unavailable to you. And you know that we don’t have much time on our hands. I’ll be inviting the girls over for a little get-together here so you’ll finger the one you want. Just like that, and it’ll be all over. See you later.’ And with that, she stood up, went out to the garage, and then zoomed off in her glittering black Bentley coupe.
Henry went back into his room, locked the door, and then he took out the picture of Phoenix that Richard had given to him. He stared at it, his fingers stroking the smooth surface; it was a picture of the dancer, and he lay back on a thick velvet material, stark naked, his face turned up to the camera, an enigmatic smile on his lips. There were snakes on his chest and his stomach, with one strategically placed on his crotch, and he looked so preternaturally beautiful, it almost hurt Henry’s eyes to look at it.
Henry felt the rush of hot tears flow down his lids, running down his cheeks as he felt his manhood hardening with desire. But there was nothing he could do about the fire that was burning in him, and so he steeled himself, and the following day he had to play dress-up to meet the silly, simpering fools his mother had lined up for his scrutiny. It looked like a small party, and the girls had come with their parents of course. Rosalie stayed beside him, all smiles, and he knew that he had to choose. He hated them all.
Then he saw the most beautiful girl of the group, Fiona Davis, but from what he gathered from his mother she was also the poorest of them all, and it was obvious to him that his mother did not like the girl.
When she saw the two of them together talking about sports, she came over instantly, an icy smile on her painted red lips. She told Fiona to go over to her parents; that maybe they wanted to see her, and then when the girl had left, she turned to her son and said, ‘That girl is athletic and very good, but I seriously don’t like her background. But she has a good head on her shoulders.’
Henry frowned at the cryptic remark, his head turning to stare at the pretty petite girl that was heading in the other direction. ‘Isn’t that supposed to be a good thing?’ he asked, slightly annoyed when she patted his arm and flashed him one of her famous smiles.
‘Well, I never said it wasn’t!’ she said pleasantly, waving one bejeweled hand dismissively. ‘Fiona is a very fine young woman of course, but I have others in mind for you. Now there’s Yvonne over there, for instance. . .’
But Henry was no longer listening to her ranting because, over the past one hour, he’d analyzed the girls that had been playing their mating dance around him; he’d analyzed them as if they were fish on display for sale, as they were indeed, and he was the potential buyer. They were trying so hard to please, and it was obvious that they knew why they were here today. They did not even like him; they just wanted to be associated with the Johnson family money. Even the Yvonne girl his mother was talking about was acting like a dog on a leash, all so eager to please. But the petite Fiona stood out from them, a nice gentle girl who had taken genuine interest in him and had not tried to shower him with cheap flattery and praise. 
He turned to Rosalie. ‘I choose Fiona,’ he told her quietly, so only she could hear him, and she opened her mouth to speak, but there was finality in his tones and that silenced her, brooking no arguments from her. And he was glad when she looked away from him with a small nod of acknowledgment of his choice.
What he did not know was that Fiona was really the girl Rosalie wanted for him. She knew the history of each of the girls she had brought to her house that day, down to the hairs they all had on their private parts. She knew that her son had made the right choice. Yvonne was a slutty little whore who had done three abortions; Fiona would give her only son the kids he so rightly deserved and help to dispel the restlessness she sensed in him.
All the other girls were little bitches with little or no morals in their bones.
Fiona was the obvious choice.
Now what she had to do was get her son married to the girl.

IN HIS FAMILY, Henry knew that there was no decaying memory, and everything that had been done, every syllable spoken, were living specters that were hidden from view in the minds of those involved. A web of lies had been spun by his parents about their life together, and so he decided to spin his own history, to make his own music; he hid his homosexuality. Behind the flash of a dazzling smile, behind the well-toned muscular body he possessed, he hid the dark secret of his confusing sexuality. And then he went down and got himself married to the girl he had chosen. Their wedding was a quiet affair, attended only by the immediate family members.
Henry had an intimate knowledge of Family Law, and he knew that if he was to make the marriage one under the Act, then should there ever be a divorce between him and Fiona, then he would be forced to maintain her, and it would be ridiculously expensive, gobbling up a lot of his inheritance. He was ashamed of himself for thinking that but he could not help it, and he hoped that it wouldn’t come to that. But still, if shit the fan, he needed to have some leverage, some way to leave without too much blood on his shirt. 
For now, he had to forget about that dancer, but it was difficult, as after he’d become an item with Fiona and he wanted to have her, she showed her inexperience. Her sweet, innocent responses to him was different from the feral pitch that Phoenix had driven him to when they’d had each other in that room that smelled of cheap perfume and sex and the heady smell of the dancer himself. To him she could hold no flame to the male lover he’d touched, to what Phoenix had given him, the heady delights the dancer had introduced him to.







                         PERIOD TWO; 2000 UPWARDS
  CHAPTER FIVE
Phoenix had decided to become an actor, and so he had to leave his life at the Drummer Club behind, and by the New Year 2000, he’d almost already forgotten that he was ever a dancer and a paid runs-man at that seedy club, that he had fed the fantasies of a thousand men and women. But yet, the brand of liquor and the hard sex, mixed with the odor of dank sweat and cheap perfume, with the touch of roughened hands and the wet tongues were etched deeply on his mind. The club had marked the beginning of his life as a fighter for survival; it had been the place where he’d been betrayed by the angels that were supposed to have charge over him. He was innocence betrayed, and that showed in the shadows that haunted him in the depth of his eyes, because in their depths burned a fiery wariness.
He had broken the vows he had made to himself, that he would never have to stoop so low as to get himself used for sex; he had become a veteran at the sex act. It was his job to give the men that came to him the pleasure they paid for, and there were those that had been the embodiment of sexiness and temptation. And he had had them all; they had fucked him, they had tasted him. And the truth was that he could never get their smell off of his skin.
On that fateful day after the New Year, when he walked into the salon, he was swaddled in fitted black silk, from neck to toe, and he could feel the eyes that were on him as he made his way in, a vision of beauty, and he knew it. He said nothing to those he passed on the street, his face a careful mask of blankness, and nobody said anything to him. But he knew that many of the people he passed on the street were aware of him, of his beauty.
Lawrence was heating up some needles in a steaming pan that oozed with hot steam, and he said succinctly to Phoenix, ‘You like someone in mourning. What’s with the black attire?’
Phoenix gave a non-committal shrug. ‘Nothing.’
But the older guy had gotten used to him, and he loved him, so he knew when to get past the bravado to get to the vulnerable person beneath. He was no fool about the issues regarding his younger friend. ‘I know that you want to go high up in this life, but then I want to ask if you’re ready to take all the heat when the time comes. You want to be an actor, I see, but what about what the society thinks? How will you cope? And will you be able to make to it there?’
Phoenix smiled, but it was a rueful smile that was devoid of all warmth. He knew what his beautiful friend was alluding to. He was the living, breathing stereotype of the gay male in the country. And in Nigeria nobody would really care about whether he was really gay or not because of his feminine looks and disposition. And if he were to take that look into the big screens like he was planning to, would he be able to stand firm under the crushing weight of the society’s criticism of him?
He said, ‘That’s a bridge I intend to cross when I get there. What’s really important now is for me to get there; let the tongues wag. I do not give a fuck about them. You’ll see for yourself that I have it in me.’
Thankfully, it was a Saturday, and all the hot women of the Island would be coming out to have their hair and their faces done for the following week, so the place was packed to the brim with gossiping women who had come to have their hair done, their nails fixed and lacquered, and receive the pampering spa treatments that left them glowing for their men, and their women. For everything had a price here.
Then Phoenix later stepped into the main parlor to work, with its pink leather chairs, hidden lights that made everything to sparkle, elaborate beauty equipment which the sexy male employees used on the women, and many of the women were receiving facials in tiny cubicles, with the guys using magnifying glasses to see every perceived imperfection in the complexions of the women and fixing them up. He was looking very slender and very beautiful, and also very flawless in his black attire. A hush seemed to descend on the room as he walked in, and there was expectancy in the air, like a hum in the cold, heavy air. He moved gently towards the chair on which reclined a woman who was a top executive in one of the top firms in VI. The hand he held out to her looked slender and ended in long tapering nails that had been painted a nude shade of nail polish.
His brown gaze shifted from the woman to the faces that were staring around him, and he felt them all being roped one by one. His eyes searched through their expensive couture for something he craved, and he could see that they were positively stunned at the sight of him. With a shy, tentative smile, he told the woman that he was sorry for having to keep her waiting, and he could feel necks almost cracking as they strained to catch every word. He could see Lawrence too was looking a little stunned, a hair brush held aloft in one hand, his body still and unmoving. 
Phoenix knew that he had won; Lawrence would help him in whatever way that was needed.

THAT EVENING, AS they reclined together in the living room, with plates of fried yams and vegetable stew before them for their attention, Lawrence flashed a dazzling smile through his cosmetically whitened teeth. 
‘Chief Derek will be coming around this evening, and he knows the man that owns the famous Ethnicity Studios,’ he said, full of happiness. ‘I will try and pitch in a word or two for you, but you have to promise me that you will be on your best behavior, that you intend to do whatever it takes to achieve what you want, even if it means that you have to dance naked like an ape for him and his wife while they have sex in their room.’
Phoenix understood, for he knew that beneath the politely couched terms, Lawrence expected him to do whatever it took, that he had to score with Chief Derek when the man came around. And when the man finally came in his chauffeur-driven Toyota car from Okota where he’d gone to transact some business, Phoenix really studied the man for the first time. He knew that the man was loaded with juice, money that he spilled into the political game where he was a high player, a big wig who was good at making things happen the way he wanted them to. He was forty-nine, lacked the beer gut sported proudly by the average Nigerian man of his age who took such to be the sign of affluence, and he was perfectly groomed, with hair that was stylishly barbered and dyed, and aristocratic features.
The man had a very sterling reputation, one that he steadfastly maintained and upheld in the eyes of the public by presenting himself as the perfect husband to his wife, the perfect father to his children, and the perfect public gentleman who fought for his constituency with all his power. But behind closed doors, he was a thief who embezzled public funds and laundered them to foreign bank accounts in Switzerland, a bisexual who came around to have sex in the apartment Phoenix lived in with his benefactor and had sex with Lawrence two or three times a week before running back to the home front.
With eyes that were cold like that of murderer ready to devour his next victim, Phoenix watched Derek Ossai like a hawk, and the man in turn did get in a very good, long look at Phoenix when Lawrence had told him what they wanted from him. His presence really disturbed the peace of mind that Phoenix had because he could see what lay behind the man’s cool gaze; he knew what the man wanted. And he felt frightened, not because of the wrongness of it, but because it would be totally unfair for him to try to take what belonged to his benefactor.
 Life is very unfair, a small voice hissed in his consciousness. Life is not fair; deal with it the way you see it and be done with it.
‘So you want to become an actor,’ Derek said.
Phoenix nodded, and he was thinking in his mind that this was just one man, right? So, what he wanted could be easily met and then they would be done with it. He would get what he wanted, and the man would also get what he wanted, and that was it. They would be done with each other. That was the rule of the game, and there was nothing to be done about it except to tow the line.
Derek threw his head back and laughed, and his strong throat muscles moved up and down with force of his laughter. ‘The man wey we dey talk about here na the man wey own Ethnicity Studios,’ he said, and there was the gutter man in his voice; gone was the polish of the public figure and in its place, was the gutter fighter that survived years of drudgery in Lagos Island when he was working as a book salesman. ‘He has a lot of directors in his pockets; he made stars like Liz Benson, Bette Soleye. There are so many people that would gladly eat his shit if he was to spew it out here right now. He is the most influential man in the industry, and I can get him to look at you. But the question is: are you ready to do what it takes?’
And so it was to be arranged, that Phoenix would get to meet the persons that would really catapult him into stardom if he had the skill and the talent and the good luck to survive where so many others had failed dismally. Phoenix knew that one day he may have to pay for this favor; soon, the good man with the four beautiful kids and the adoring public would turn to him.
One week later, Phoenix received a printed script which was delivered to him by Derek’s chauffeur. He took the day off from work at the salon, went home, and then he sat down to read the manuscript. It was a very horrific story, about a woman who had gotten her children with the help of voodoo, and one of the twins, a boy, had been dedicated to the goddess for the entire duration of his life. His service to the gods consisted of human sacrifice which he accomplished by working as a stripper-dancer in a club, feeding the unholy fantasies of the people that were out in the night for the good life of the night, and then smiting them down when they were in bed with their women, their whores. It was a story with a very tragic ending, because, in the end, both the woman and her children had to die. Then, the sacrifice she had made to get them would have all been for nothing since she was to lose all in the end.
Phoenix was touched by the tragedy of the story, at the desperation of a woman in the contemporary African society where a woman with no children in the home of her husband was considered to be nothing and had to sell her soul to the devil in order to be fulfilled. He knew that Derek had pulled strings so he could be auditioned for the role of the young voodoo boy, and he was ready for it.
He would do all it took to get that role. It was a game of blood, and he was ready to do what it took.

ETHNICITY STUDIOS HAD been hailed as the best movie production studio in Nigeria. It had been founded in 1993 by one American man, Anthony St. Claire, and two Nigerian businessmen who had subsequently sold their share of the business to the white man and split their own separate ways in 1997 and 1999 respectively, with the resultant effect that Anthony St. Claire controlled the studio now. It had four addresses, one in Abuja, the other in the city of Aba, one in the notorious Onitsha, and with its headquarters located in Lagos.
The studio was an awe-inspiring sight, soaring twelve stories high into the Lagos skyline, dwarfing the surrounding architecture where it was located at Victoria Island. There was a very spacious parking lot where the most expensive cars lined up and glistened in the hot sun, and there were huge dogs and security guys patrolling the grounds. When Phoenix entered into the foyer, he felt the wealth of the place hit him in the face like a physical blow. There were movie stars milling around and talking to each other; there were A-list directors who looked bored out of their skins, and there were the upcoming and struggling writers, all waiting to see the king and showcase their talents.
Phoenix showed the fashionably thin, elegant receptionist the script, telling her that he had a meeting with the Big Man, that he was to be announced the moment he arrived at the complex－ of course there was the signature of the Big Man signed at the back of the thing with a flourish. That should be enough to dispel whatever notion she may have that he was some kind of imposter, trying to wangle his way past her on some false premise. She directed him to take the elevator up to the tenth floor and then present himself to St. Claire’s personal assistant. Oh wow. How the rich and mighty live. Different assistants on different floors to keep the riffraff out. 
Phoenix did as he was told, emerging on a floor with sepia-toned expensive tiles on the floors, expensive art paintings hanging on the walls and plush leather chairs on which reclined three slim, stunning women in their thirties, wearing snug-fitting Prada and Chanel gowns and real jewels that flashed in the fluorescent lights; they looked totally bored. Phoenix recognized one of them as the first runner-up in the 1996 Miss Intercontinental Beauty Pageant. The other two looked like the two immediate past Most Beautiful Girl in Nigeria for the last two years.
The same formality of showing the script and explaining his mission was replicated here. He gave the bulky manuscript to the gorgeous secretary with the high-piled dyed brown hair and red-lacquered nails and then he waited patiently while she thumbed down the intercom and announced his presence. Looking up at him with a small smile on her lips which bore the red stamp of Indian Summer lipstick, she waved him into a plush office that was heavily and elaborately furnished more as a living room than as an office. A large, glass-topped desk filled one corner of the room and behind it, wearing a perfectly tailored blue suit, was the Big Man.
The man had steely grey eyes that were as blank as it was piercing, widely set eyes that sat above a small thin nose, and small thin lips that were pursed as if in annoyance or contemplation as he regarded Phoenix. He appeared broad-shouldered and muscular, even though he’d turned fifty-six, and his jet-black hair which had a few streaks of grey in it was still generously spread on his head. He was good-looking, and Phoenix couldn’t help thinking to himself that the man must think him to be some piece of shit that was begging for favors, for leftovers.
‘T. O. Phoenix,’ the man said in a crisp American accent that had old world courtliness in it. ‘My friend had told me all about you, and I must say that you weren’t what I had expected. However, I must tell you that in this business, there is no room for people like you.’
‘In this world, there is no room for anybody; all you have to do is to make enough room and then squeeze yourself into it. And it doesn’t matter that you’re not wanted there; you just do it.’
‘And you think you can just walk up here with your beautiful face and your big words and lovely accent and think you think you can impress me. Is that right?’
Phoenix laughed, but it was not from amusement because he was using the sound to cloak the anger he felt at this man. ‘I am not here to impress you, Mr. St. Claire. If I were, then I would be dressed in a short skirt and makeup. I’m here to get myself a job, that you can help me with a role if I was able to prove myself. But how can I prove myself to you when you’re just laughing at me?’
The Big Man leaned back in his chair, his steely eyes dilating at the sheer audacity of the guy who stood there, and instead of groveling at his feet like so many people did, this one proved to be very proud and very stubborn, with a smart mouth on him. ‘I thought that letting you stand there on your feet will make this interview very short as possible. As you can see, I’m a very busy man.’
‘So you’re saying that our conversation is over? That you won’t give me a chance because there is no room in this business for people like me?’
Instead of answering him directly, Anthony St. Claire asked wryly, ‘Did you notice that the manuscript I had sent to you bore no title? Can you tell me why you think that’s so?’
Phoenix frowned. ‘Well, that’s because either you or the writer of the work could not find a title that was good enough to describe the plot and the underlying theme behind it in just one or two words that will hook an audience immediately, draw them in, make them to ask questions about whether one can be desperate enough to go and sell their souls to the devil, and all for what? Children that were meant to be a curse to the world? That’s what you’re looking for, Mr. St. Claire, the perfect title.’
‘Since you’re so smart, why don’t you suggest one?’ the man snapped rudely.
But Phoenix merely smiled inwardly, thinking in his mind: oh you think you’re so wonderful and full of yourself, with the entire people in the movie world in this country floating around you like your loyal subjects. But I will show you a thing or two. 
‘Title the movie Desperate Mission. That captures the entire work perfectly. I know you must be asking yourself whether you should listen to me, this lowlife idiot who’s here at your door, bugging you for favors, but I will have you know that during my high school days, I was a straight-A student and the best Literature student in my set.’
Anthony St. Claire’s lips lifted in a small thin smile that didn’t quite touch his eyes; it could have been a sneer. ‘And yet you were unable to continue with your education with all your big mouth and smart brains. That defies logic.’
Phoenix was now angry, and he tilted his chin up proudly, refusing to quail before the devil he could see in the eyes of this man. ‘Maybe to you, it does defy logic, but if you’ve had to live in poverty for the better part of your life, asking yourself where your next meal will come from, then you won’t be saying that. You will then understand why I’m no longer in school, why I’m here asking for this. What’s it going to be, Mr. Big Man: do you ask me to leave, or are you going to call in your cast directors for them to make me prove myself to them and to you?’
‘I’ll do neither.’ The man leaned forward, his elbows resting on the desk, his fingers linked together, showing off a huge diamond ring that glittered on the third finger of his right hand. ‘You will do something for me, young man. I want you to seduce me, and I want you to really do it, not pretend that you’re trying to do something. Show me what you’re made of.’
Phoenix kept his expression shuttered, and it seemed that Anthony St. Claire had pressed a hidden button, for the curtains slid close, giving the room a dim look. A slow, sensual music filled the room, and Phoenix slipped into the role of the wanton seducer, the enigmatic dancer that had set many a person aflame with desire for him.
He moved to the man’s table slowly, with a slow languid fluidity, and then he swiveled the chair round so that the great man was now facing him, and then he unbuttoned his shirt and let it fall to the floor. He was now the smooth, bare-chested guy of the clubs, and he turned to the beat of the music, his eyes watching the reaction of his sole audience. But Anthony St. Claire kept his face blank and was staring at him intently, and he slipped out of his trousers, revealing the blue-and-black checkered underwear he wore underneath.
‘I like what I see,’ Anthony St. Claire told him.
Phoenix smiled, and then he was sinking down slightly, and his hands drew the man’s knees apart. He slid his fingers along the long lean thighs, moving upwards to the crotch, all the while his eyes fixed on the face of his audience. He could see the beginning of an erection stirring in the pants, but he did not stop because he was past the point of no return. Then he was unbuckling the belt, his eyes fixed unwaveringly on Anthony’s face, and he had the feeling that the man was not expecting him to continue past that point. But what the man failed to understand was that he was a little wild and a little crazy, and unless he received a sure command to stop, then he would continue with what he was doing and even suck the bastard off.
He was now really crazy, going to the point that he had perfected in the club. He was too desperate here, too in need of the job to do anything but do all he could to get the role he wanted. And there was nothing to stop him from getting that role.
He turned down the zipper of the trouser, and he was working on the elastic band of the underwear, pulling at them to get them down. When he freed the man’s now throbbing cock, he felt the man shove forward as if he’d been doused with a gallon of petrol, but Phoenix gently pushed him back.
‘You wanted me to seduce you,’ he said, and then he stroked the cock gently, making the great man to emit an involuntary moan from his lips. ‘That’s what I am doing, seducing you . . .’
‘But . . .’
‘And you’re enjoying this, aren’t you?’
Before the utterly stunned man could answer, Phoenix was already searching for sores in the organ, the sure signs of disease. He had learnt to protect himself during the time of his life in the club, and there was no better way to check for the existence of disease other than to look the organ over first. Then he lowered his head to it, and his lips connected with it, wrapping around the head of the tumescent organ. And he pulled his head further in, the large cock moving further and further into his throat. He sucked on it without fear, for he knew what he wanted, and he could feel the thing growing fuller in his mouth, and he felt the fingers of the man become entwined in his hair.
Suddenly, Phoenix stood up, and there was a hard cold look on his face, etched into his features. Hurriedly, he began pulling his clothes back on again. ‘You wanted me to seduce you, and now I have,’ he said coldly. ‘You will have to make up your mind about whether or not to hire me, with no pleas from me. Oh, and besides, the job I just did on you is on the house. I have to go.’
Anthony was still looking at him, and he was still hard as ever, but there was nothing to be done about the hardness. The man had a very stunned expression on his face. ‘That ring you’re wearing . . . it looks very familiar,’ he managed to say, though his voice was husky. ‘Are you related to the Johnson family?’
Phoenix shook his head, and then he was out of the office, off to go and await his fate. He felt a crushing weight on his chest, that instead of snagging the role, he had been a flop, made a piss-poor job of really impressing the man that was the one with the power to either make or break his career, and now he would be booted out the door even though he’d not even stepped in it.
And what the man had said about the ring he was wearing got him thinking. For several months, he’d had the feeling that the ring he had taken from that guy Henry was the real deal, and he’d even dared to go to Yaba and had the thing valued. Now, this Big Man had wanted to know if he was related to the Johnson family, and he knew that he’d heard of that family many times, that they must be one of the old families of Lagos, with all the money and juice to burn. 
Days after the interview in the office of Anthony St. Claire which he believed was now gone down the drain, Phoenix set about riffling through the bundles of old glossy magazines that Lawrence had in the apartment, and that was when he came across the face of Rosalie Johnson. It was the beauty of the woman that had leaped out at him at that moment; the way she was smiling into the camera as she stepped into the driving seat of a sleek BMW car, and there was her slim figure. That made Phoenix pause. There was something about this woman, something that nagged at him, something that seemed there but he was unable to find. What was it?
He carried the magazine to the kitchen; he fixed a cup of cool milk from the stocked fridge, and then he started to read the article. And that was when a statement leaped out at him, and a flash of memory swept through his mind. It was the golden moment when they had mentioned her son and he also remembered the very beautiful face of the lover that had given him a diamond ring.
Rosalie had one son; Henry Johnson.
And Phoenix felt the magazine slip through his fingers to the floor as a gasp escaped from his lips. The shock was too great, for, not so long ago; he had slept with the son of one of the most influential female figures in the Nigerian screens.
That was why he felt that there was something about the woman that had been nagging at him from the moment he saw her picture. She and her son looked really alike; it was from her that Henry had gotten his stunning good looks. There was no mistake about that.

 ‘ANTHONY ST. CLAIRE called here when you left to go and visit your parents down in the East,’ Lawrence was saying, and there was this infectious happiness that was sweeping through him. ‘He didn’t relay the message through a secretary; he called here in person. It was his voice. He wants you to call him back as soon as you got his message. Isn’t that exciting?’
Phoenix shrugged. ‘I guess. But the point be say na I no care,’ he said, reverting back into the gutter bastardized pidgin English of the uncouth.
Lawrence sobered up, his infectious excitement developing wings and fluttering away. His face was now a mask of concern and worry. ‘Isn’t getting into the movies the best thing you always wanted?’
Phoenix laughed bitterly, his face a cold mask. ‘That is not what I always wanted for my life. I had wanted to be a lawyer, but then there was no money to help get me through to that, so I had to go and live with an aunt who treated me no worse than garbage. So I had to run away from her in order to go find my fortune here in Lagos. Oh, and guess what; I went to see St. Claire and the man had me go down on him. And please don’t even pretend you don’t understand what I mean.’
‘That’s appalling,’ Lawrence exclaimed, and his voice rang with his indignation. ‘Derek never told me that the man was going to make horrible demands on you. Anyway, if you end up not getting the role, then you can always turn around and sue him for sexual assault. You have paid him with your sex services; now he’ll have to give you the job you asked for from him!’
Phoenix knew that Lawrence was right about what he’d said－ in theory that is. He could never ever think of going to sue the great man for there was no way he could live with his life should he try such. He called the man, and imagine his surprise when the Big Man told him that he’d gotten the job and they should meet to discuss it.
When they met at the Four Points by Sheraton in VI, Anthony St. Claire was brimming with good humor and as they ate their elaborate meal, he enthused about the project with an almost child-like enthusiasm that rendered him very cute. He told Phoenix that after their meeting in his office, he’d had a spark of creativity and had now decided to broaden the story into a trilogy.
‘You will be in the first two films of the trio, my boy.’ Anthony St. Claire forked some shrimps into his mouth and pointed the fork in the young guy’s direction. ‘I hired a team of the required writers, and they had to brainstorm about this, deciding that the influence your character would exert in the movie would be too destructive, plus the fact that you’re an unknown. You are what I call a very risky investment that may rake in millions or have my money washed down the drain.’ He gave Phoenix a shy, tentative smile. ‘But I have no doubt that with your beauty and your sex tricks you’re going to make an instant hit. By the way, I did my research on you and found out that you were once a dancer.’
‘I am a dancer,’ Phoenix corrected him frostily.
Anthony waved one long arm dismissively. ‘Whatever. You used to do your act with live snakes, so my boys had to incorporate your acts into the movie. I suggest you go and start brushing up on your dancing skills, plus, we’ll need those snakes. Soon, you shall dance, and it will be on TV.’

FILMING FOR THE Desperate Mission trilogy began in early May after two weeks of intense rehearsals. The main stars of the movie were the A-listers, those who felt they ruled the industry, so they kept to themselves and chose not to mingle with the smaller ones, the ghosts, as they were called. But Phoenix had absolutely no time nor wished to fall over them in a bid to please them. He had his snake handler Ali Hassan, and his hectic dance routines and his lines to perfect. And surprisingly, the cast and the crew looked at him in awe, and he was baffled, but it was one of the less pompous stars who went by the stage name Bella Brown that told him point blank that he was one of the movers of the movie and he’d have to deal with it.
Filming began in Lagos, and then was moved down to PortHarcourt, and from there Phoenix and some of the members of the cast flew to South Africa to complete some scenes there. By Mid-July the first film had already been to the cutting-room of the Censors’ Board, certified public-worthy, and was released. On the jacket poster was a picture of Phoenix, the devil-son, half-naked, with a huge python draped around his neck. When the movie trailer hit the screens, the people went berserk in Lagos and the other mega-cities, and they clamored for it. But Anthony St. Claire merely released some thirty thousand copies into the market of some countries in Africa, forwarded them to the cinemas of the UK and North America, but none was released in Nigeria. The copies released sold out within sixteen hours.
Phoenix was shell-shocked at the publicity, and when the movie finally premiered at the Silverbird Galleria on Ahmadu Bello Way, VI, the size of the elite crowd and the youngsters that attended was a shock. They were all screaming as he climbed out of the car that had conveyed him to the venue, and they were chanting his name: ‘Phoenix!’ They went on screaming, and it only got louder as he stood there staring at them all, and the camera lights were popping off everywhere, and he was finally smiling and lifting his hands in a wave. It was unbelievable that he had outshone the stars of the movie with his incredibly lithe body and his fluid dancing moves with the huge snakes. The people were shocked and horrified by him; he was a dream and a nightmare, something they had never seen before and would never see again.
And there were tears in his eyes as he watched the people and smiled his thanks at them, for, without them, he was nothing. Now, he was something; he was a Face, something he had always wanted to be.
Finally, at last, he had arrived.
After that premiere there were pictures of him everywhere, and when the second film of the trilogy was out, his name was everywhere, and the movie raked in millions both on the home front and in the foreign market.
By December 2000, the third film was out, but it was a flop when considered against the backdrop of the staggering success of its predecessors. Anthony St. Claire sent out his people to go and find out why, and they came back and reported to him that it was due to the fact that Phoenix was not in the movie; the people wanted only him.
Phoenix . . . 
That was his name, the name people now knew, and he had become one of the super A-list actors in Nollywood. In 2001, he would play the movie that would catapult him to the rank of one of the most Bankable Stars in the whole of Black Africa.

 CHAPTER SIX
Henry Johnson had really hoped and even prayed that the marriage he’d contracted with Fiona would help to cure him of the homosexual urges that always swept over him at the sight of a very attractive male. But he was wrong. Everything seemed to have gotten worse than before, for he found himself fantasizing about every good-looking guy he came across. So he channeled his energy towards the family business, a young man driven by anger and frustration.
His opium was his work, and he worked himself tirelessly to the bone, though he customarily made out the time to hang out with his wife and eat her food and ultimately have sex with her. His mother, Rosalie, had practically vacated the family house, now choosing to spend most of her time in a bungalow at Ikoyi which his father had purchased in 1986, and she was always commenting about the fact that he was a workaholic and a man dedicated to his wife. But she was blissfully unaware that all he did was just a ploy to hide the identity crisis he was dealing with.
Fiona was finally pregnant, and by March 2000, her pregnancy was already showing through, and Henry could not help but heave a sigh of relief when they put off sex till the birth of their baby so that she could rest because she’d now gotten clumsy. He was happy about it, but he was filled with real loneliness, and a hunger and longing that gnawed mercilessly at his soul, a roaring void that demanded to be filled with the touch and embrace of a male lover. 
Fiona later gave birth to a set of fraternal male and female twins in July, throwing his mind off the tragedy of his life. When she returned from the hospital, Rosalie dropped by for a visit. As always, she was elegantly dressed in an understated yet very stunning black sheath dress, and her hair hung free around her shoulders. Her makeup was flawless, her French manicure had no chip in it, and he suspected that Fiona’s mother must feel much disheveled in her presence, for she was indeed magically stunning to look at. There was no two ways about it; Rosalie was one stunning woman.
Rosalie laughed and smiled as she was used to, and there were tears in her eyes as she looked at her grandchildren, but then she got all serious. ‘I am very happy that this has happened,’ she said as she bent forward to kiss the forehead of the sleeping male, her Chanel No 5 oozing off her. ‘Now, Henry, you must come with me. There is something I have to show you.’
They went up into the smaller living room upstairs and sat down on upholstered chairs, facing each other. Rosalie pulled out a folded magazine from her alligator tote bag and placed it on the table before Henry.
‘That is the next big thing that is about to happen in the movie industry, and you have to see this.’
Henry leaned forward to the thing on the table, picked it up, and then he looked at the headline. He could make nothing of it, at least not until he saw the picture the covered the entire glossy front page of the magazine.  Incredibly, like a dream come true, it was Phoenix, the beautiful Phoenix from the Drummer Club. The guy looked so stunning, that for a moment he hardly believed that what he was seeing was the truth, and then he saw the ring that the guy was wearing on his finger, and then Henry knew that this was no illusion. Then a small passage leaped out at him from the pages:
“In Nollywood, we thought that we’d seen it all, what with the likes of Liz Benson and her ilk taking the country by storm. But now, T. O. Phoenix is here and, with his new movie, Time seems to stand still. He is inarguably one of the most beautiful and most talented young actors in the industry.”
So Phoenix had gone and gotten his little ass into the big screens and had parlayed his talent for the whole world to see, Henry thought, and he felt a deep-seated sense of pride and a pang of longing for the guy engulf him. 
He looked up at his mother, frowning. ‘I see we’ve gotten a new big thing out in the industry, but what has that got to do with us?’ he asked. 
‘Everything!’ Rosalie exclaimed. ‘This guy has the attention of the whole world now and we must see to make some money out of this. We can get into Ethnicity Studios and strike up a deal with them about being the ones responsible for the financing of every new movie he’ll be appearing in. We will help to get him the publicity he needs, we’ll be the ones to ok whatever scripts he’ll be doing for them, and then there is the hefty six-figure salary that he cannot possibly resist.’
‘And then what?’
‘It is very simple, my darling! Then we’ll sit back and enjoy the money he’s bound to make for us, smiling our way to the bank with our cheques all week.’
‘Aw, Jesus.’ Henry groaned and then stood up to prowl around the room with his hands jabbed into his pockets. ‘What you seem to be insinuating is the fact that we’ll own the guy and be controlling everything he does. That is ridiculous.’
‘No it’s not ridiculous, my boy. I spoke to Anthony St. Claire and the man told me that he had already set a team of very aggressive writers at work, all of them spinning classic tales the guy must play next year. There are other studios out there, and they’ll all want a piece of the guy, and it’ll be a battle now that the young man knows his true worth. He’ll go to the highest bidder, and the white man had told me already that he doesn’t wish to invest so heavily in the work of the guy, that he’s got so many other Talents out there lined up for his attention and all bitching with jealousy that their spot has been taken over by the unknown guy. I told him not to worry, that I intent to put my own money into the young man so that should anything happen with him, then it’ll be my money on the line, not his. We will bankroll some of these movies, have this Phoenix star in them, and then we will make money.’
Henry was still totally bewildered. He threw up his hands and demanded, ‘Then why are you telling me this?’
Rosalie shook her head as if she was talking to a developmentally retarded child. ‘It’s because I want you to handle him, that’s why. Talent is like dynamite which you can love and nurture with love and the greatest care ever, but when it blows, it’ll be right in your face. You’re young and I’m old, so when it blows, I want you to be the one to take the fall, not me. Besides, I am a beauty queen. I should not have some sort of scandal touch my face. I will leave all the fighting to you young blood.’
‘You’re not old, mother.’ Henry meant it totally because he’d never seen another woman her age who could contrive to look so stunning and ageless. She was a hard and very disciplined woman, not only with those around her, but also with herself. In a perverse way he was very proud of her.
Rosalie flashed a dazzling smile. ‘So you promise to go and see the guy in action and then later make the choice?’
Henry could never refuse her anything, so he invariably agreed. And when the movie was premiered at the Silverbird Cinema, he was there with his mother to see it; and darn if he did not gape at the size of the crowd that filled the entire place to the brim. There were the sugar daddies with their sugar daughters; there were the big campus babes from UNILAG and LASU; there were the playboys and the other rich players of Lagos society. Darn if they didn’t call out and cry out the guy’s name as Phoenix climbed out of the sleek Lexus that had brought him there. And then as the movie played, it was as if the guy was feeding the screens with fire and life, his magic to the world.
Henry felt all these emotions and more. He felt the feral hunger of a starving man, a passion that seemed to defy all rational explanation. His blood was stirred once again at the sight of that guy, and right then he forgot that he was married, he forgot that the society frowned severely on the kind of thoughts he had for Phoenix－ his entire being desired the guy anew. And he knew that he must have him, and there was nothing anyone could do about it.
After that night it was Phoenix everywhere; the media seemed to derive some kind of mad joy from peddling his face to the public. And what made the fact more painful was that there was no deliberate ploy involved to get his face out there to the world; the media and the online people just plain loved the guy’s face, plus the fact that the word-of-mouth marketing they were doing on his behalf was not hurting him in any way.
Henry wanted the guy very badly, so he gave Rosalie the ok to go and pursue the movie business with Phoenix because he knew that once he had the guy in his pocket it would mean that the guy was in his arms too. That was the truth that he hid from his mother; that he wanted to have the actor’s delectable body wrapped around his forever.
It was now a waiting game; one that Henry knew how to play very well.

THE GUY WALKED towards Henry slowly, the mystery figure dressed in the all-white ensemble that made him look ethereal. It was one of those lazy days in April, after there’d been a light drizzle and the air was cool and unsaturated. The guy looked like a mirage, with his beautiful face and his light brown skin that looked like some light sepia-toned photograph.
Henry smiled, and remembered that it was just a few days past the anniversary when he’d stood before Phoenix in that sex room. He was seated in the office of Anthony St. Claire with his mother and his friend Richard, the guy who had originally introduced him to the club where he’d met the beautiful dancer.
‘I think you’re getting on my nerves, Henry,’ the guy said softly as he stopped before them, the scent of Coco Chanel dripping off him.
‘You two know each other?’ Rosalie asked with a lift of her perfectly arched brows.
‘We met briefly, on April 3 1999; two years ago,’ Henry replied drily.
Phoenix settled down into a chair, and then he waved a bulky envelope in their faces. ‘You people are trying to control me, to have a say over my career and control all I do. It’s like modern slavery, and it is a slap in the face.’
‘No, my dear,’ Rosalie cut in. ‘What we’re trying to do is to help keep you afloat and keep you earning a lot of money and then we earn our own money from the arrangement. You’d wish to get only the very best, and I can help you with that. There are several producers and directors who want you and they can exploit you because of the fact that you don’t have an agent, and they will be making very tempting offers.’
‘I am considering those offers, madam,’ said Phoenix and then he threw his head back and laughed, laughing so hard, did Phoenix, that Henry wanted to throttle him to cut out that infernal laughter.
‘We have something better to offer to you,’ Henry said, sparing a smile. ‘We’re offering you twice what the highest bidder intends to offer you. You can go and hear the other studio heads talk their crap. If they have something to say to you, then by all means hear them out. They may give you their scripts and offer you their money, but I’d like for you to come and then I will give you a script three times better than theirs and offer you a price twice as hefty.’
Already, Henry could feel the wheels turning in the mind of the guy, and he refrained from smiling at the thought that his ingenious mother had been right all along; that they could buy Phoenix and stuff him deep in their pockets. She was a woman who knew the price of everything and everybody and the value of nothing. She had been able to tap into the guy’s mind, to see the world through his eyes in order to know what his price would be. And she’d offered it to him.
Phoenix finally agreed, just like Rosalie had predicted that he would, but he refused to sign anything, choosing to keep his options open. Their lawyers had already drawn up a contract that would keep Phoenix glued to them for the next one year—if he decided to sign, that is. The actor wasn’t biting, sadly. 
‘Of course, dear,’ Rosalie agreed with him, and then she was on her feet, and having said her goodbyes, she swept from the room with Richard in tow like her slave puppy.
Since the whole conversation had been centered on Phoenix, Henry felt that there was no need for him to keep his attraction at bay now. He had thought the guy too sweet and pretty before, like the face of an ethereal being on a card and he liked it even better now. It was too finely defined and very beautiful even now, but there was cockiness there now, a sure belief in his power that had seemed lacking when Henry had encountered him two years ago.
Phoenix must have felt him staring, for the head of the guy jerked up suddenly, and their eyes met and it was the same as it had been the first time he’d accidentally stuck a wet finger into a lamp socket; it was a physical jolt that left him shaken. He looked away first because he trusted Phoenix to be bold and daring, not looking away demurely.
Without saying anything further, he excused himself and then left the plush office. He rode down in the elevator, and then he went to the parking lot; his mother and Richard had already left, so he had to go too. He felt a hand touch his shoulder as he was turning the key in the keyhole to open the car door, and he stopped and turned around.
Phoenix was standing there smiling at him. ‘Hello, Henry Johnson. So, after two years, we meet again, you and me. I was a broke young fool with nothing to fall back on, but now, you and I seem to be on equal footing. You’re offering me tons of money to do what I would gladly have done for free then.’
Henry said nothing to this admission; instead, he said, ‘I had always been thinking of you, Phoenix. Remember the old saying, that a guy never really forgets the first person he has sex with. Every night for these past years I have lain awake in my bed, thinking of you. I remember how you seduced me and got me into bed.’
‘I am a movie star now; I am somebody, and by that fact I know I can get any person I want. I know you surely understand that, don’t you?’
‘Yes,’ Henry replied quietly.
Phoenix had seen the ring he sported on the fourth finger of his left hand; his wedding band. ‘You’re married,’ Phoenix said.
Henry shrugged in resignation, because he felt that there was no use denying the telltale indicator of the fact that he was encumbered. ‘I am married, yes, but it’s only because of the fact that I have to fill the house with children since I was the only issue of my mother and there had to be a way to continue the family line or have the family wealth run into the hands of strangers. But surely you know that I still want you, don’t you?’
‘I know that; I am not as stupid as you seem to think I am. However, there is no way I can encourage whatever it is you feel for me because of the fact that I do not want it too. I want nothing to weigh on my career and get tongues wagging with gossip. Don’t you just get the message? We can never be together, and I may want you, but then so what? There are many people out there who want what you want but they keep their feelings to their hearts because this is taboo. So make you go carry stick fuck your nyash, Henry Johnson.’
And with that, Phoenix turned around and walked away, leaving Henry to stare after his departing figure in frustration, emotional pain sweeping through him. He knew that he had glimpsed the attraction the actor felt for him; it had seemed to boil and sizzle in the air between them. And he believed too that there were other things the guy was hiding from him, masking it all with that blank expression that looked so tragic. What had changed him? Because, when they had met, the guy had been the coy seducer, initiating the first move. But now, the guy was pulling away. 
He wondered why.
LIKE THE CINDERELLA of the fairy tale, Phoenix had gotten his wish; he was now somebody to be reckoned with in the movie screens. He was a known star, loved by those that really did appreciate the efforts he was making to entertain them and have them carry his face in their promotional campaigns for their products; one company had even bought him a car. But there was the negative attention he’d incurred; many men, young and old, rich and poor, were all seeking for him for sex.  Secretly, they came, with their fake smiles that were more of a leer than real smiles, all hinting at what they wanted to do with him in bed. And then there was the media that seemed to have sworn to sell their papers with his face and the insinuations they made as to his sexuality.
What do those bastards know? He was wondering this as he drove to Lawrence’s beauty salon. They were now confusing his natural effeminate behavior and gender presentation with homosexuality, but he knew that the two of them operated on entirely different pedestals. Oh, they were bastards all right, saying it in such a way that rendered it impossible for him to drag them to court and then have them sued for libel.
He stopped the car in a parking slot that had just been rendered empty by a convertible BMW that had just pulled out, and then he walked to the salon and sought Lawrence out in the small private office he had. The man was there, eating chocolate.
‘Have you noticed something about Dan?’ he asked as he plunked his ass down into a chair. Dan was one of the very handsome guys that Lawrence employed to work for him.
Lawrence seemed to be more interested in the chocolate than in the question. ‘Have I noticed what?’ he asked in annoyance.
‘The guy is some kind of gay queen though he seems to be oblivious about it.’
‘As if I didn’t know that,’ Lawrence snorted as he shoved a piece of the delicacy into his mouth and threw his head back to savor the taste of it. ‘In case you haven’t noticed, I employ only gay young men to work here. I have my own special ways of sniffing them out. That way, there won’t be any problems of them going around trying to get in the pants of my female clients－ they just won’t be interested in the women. That way, it keeps a lot of problems at bay.’
‘But I am not a homo,’ Phoenix protested.
‘Who cares if you’re not? The point is not whether you’re gay or not but that you fit in perfectly into the stereotype of who is to be pointed out to be gay and everybody will be just happy to pick on you for being the way you are; after all, you are the embodiment of what they detest in gay people. You’re way too beautiful, with those perfectly defined features of yours, and I think you know what they say about very beautiful men being almost always gay. In your case, add in the effeminate behavior and the perfect gay man is out.’
‘You dey craze,’ Phoenix said disgustedly in pidgin, though he knew his mother would have wrung his neck if she’d caught him saying that. But in a way he felt very badly shaken. ‘Who says that an effeminate man has to be always gay? You really are very crazy.’
‘I dey talk true,’ Lawrence replied, leering at him with faux-annoyance. ‘You know how homophobic this country is, and all the brunt of their anger and their hatred is dumped on you guys. Those guys who act normal－ whatever that means－ have no way of being beaten about their sexuality unless they’re outed by people who caught them in the act, so effeminate guys are the worse hit. And besides that, there is the theory that effeminate young men grow up with a high capability of being considered gay or at least bisexual. You fall into a stereotype and nothing you say or do will convince people otherwise.’
‘Do not spit science at me with whatever it is you’ve eaten that has addled your brain,’ Phoenix snapped angrily. ‘Those kpokpo garri scientists are not the ones that wear the shoes that pinch; I do.’
Lawrence conceded, and then they laughed it off, but he knew that Lawrence was right about what he’d said. Two days later he received a bouquet of roses that had been ordered from a very popular florist shop in Lekki and was signed H. J. and with a laugh he threw the thing away. Then there were the letters from anonymous men who wanted to have him over for drinks, and then there were those that accosted him physically on the road and in the places where he loved hanging out at the Alpha Beach and the Lekki Beach. But he ignored them all.
There was Henry Johnson too. Somehow or the other the guy had managed to get the phone number to their apartment and was always calling him and mysteriously appearing when he was least expected, badgering Phoenix with invitations for lunch, and what about dinner? But Phoenix would merely smile at him in that faux-perfect way he’d perfected in front of his mirror and decline the offer. He did not hate the handsome guy; rather, he just wanted to be left alone.
Shortly after his third movie, Darkened Hearts was released, he received another call from Henry, and when he heard the voice on the other end of the line, felt like hanging up.
‘Phoenix, you really hate me.’ It was the voice of Henry Johnson, low and calm, and also wounded. Phoenix almost rolled his eyes. ‘You treat me like vermin.’
Phoenix sighed. ‘Don’t you ever let things rest? You are married, and you are also the son of one of the biggest female names in this country; plus the fact that this is taboo. You know that.’
‘I know that, but it never stopped you from collecting my thing and having sex with me. I keep on hoping and praying that one day you’ll say yes, that you’ll choose to be mine again. And I know that I am ready to give you anything you want.’
‘What do you want from me?’
‘You know what I want, Phoenix. All you have to do is to say the word and anything you want from me will be yours for the taking.’
Without saying anything, Phoenix hung up. He was shaken about the fact the young tycoon liked him passionately and wouldn’t take no for an answer, but he wasn’t ready to give it to hmm. He wanted to make his bones, not go about spreading his ass for anything with a dick or jump into any crevice that looked like a woman’s shoki. Even the women wanted him. God, it was so disgusting. And the reason why he felt so was because of the fact that he just wanted to be left alone to pursue the career that he had always wanted without the pressure of having to deal with the sexual attraction of so many people.

HIS LATEST FILM had been released, and so Phoenix was the toast of the media; they wanted him on the face of their magazines, they wanted exclusive interviews with him, and he was happy to give it to them. Then he received a new script for a new role and he forwarded it to Anthony St. Claire. The man replied by sending him a script for a new line-up, Innocence Refined. It was a movie that traced the lives of two twins, one male and the other female, both of them having been separated at birth. The male had become a soft hustler when he grew up in the slums of Lagos, and the female had the life of a pampered princess. She was hard as nails, cruel, and sublimely evil, an angel-faced monster that wanted to destroy everything thatever stood in her way. Before her mother died of cervical cancer, she told the girl and her father that the girl had a twin brother, and she’d given the baby away at birth in order to safeguard his life then because there’d been a very serious problem in the family. The man had sent off men to search for his son because the woman had died before she could have said the location of the boy. But then his daughter poisoned him to death before he could find the boy and then set out on a quest to find her brother, this mirror of her life, and to destroy him when she found him. She was ready to kill and destroy anybody that stood in her way for the wealth her father had left behind.
It was a story that was filled with moral depravity. Nude scenes and sex scenes were to be amply supplied, and Phoenix was up for it, so he notified the Big Man that he was interested. The man then told him the schedule for the rehearsals, and then he added his own terms: he would play a double role in the movie; he’d play both twins. And he also needed the rich, glamorous ass of Rosalie Johnson in the movie as a secondary character to play the role of the glamorous close friend and confidant of the evil twin.
‘You’re joking!’ Anthony St. Claire exclaimed when he heard what Phoenix had in store for them.
‘I am not joking,’ Phoenix replied seriously. ‘I have thought about this very seriously so I know that this is the very best thing I could think to come up with. No man has ever played a double role in this industry before, and that will make this a very big smash. And then when you put in Rosalie Johnson as a bonus, one of the biggest faces ever to appear in the Beauty Pageant world, then you have the biggest smash movie of the year on your hands. Don’t worry about the money you intend to pay me; think about all the money that you’re going to be making from this. I am the one who has to be split into two, the one who will put on the heavy makeup and short skirts, plus the uncomfortable breast padding, not you.’
And that was true too, but that was not the main reason why he had wanted to do what he was trying to sell to the Big Man to allow him to do. He wanted to be among the very best, the Face among the Faces in the industry.
Anthony St. Claire was very silent for quite a while, and then he laughed, a loud braying sound that grated on Phoenix’s nerves. ‘You have a big head on your shoulders, and I like that, young man. We will have to see what they have to say about this when I call them to tell them what you think about what we have for you.’
Phoenix waited, and, the following day, he received a call from a woman with a nasal accent who told him that Henry Johnson would be happy to see him at the Brian-Johnson Ltd offices. Phoenix knew where that was, he knew that it was one of the biggest establishments in VI, and so he got into a taxi and went over to the place. It was huge, occupying the top five floors of the Vanilla Building which was just beside the prestigious Churchgate Building in Churchgate street, and there was the cars, the beautiful people stepping out of the stunning multi-million naira cars, the sweaty employees that were lifting heavy crates of very expensive merchandise out from a van and carrying it to the warehouse.
On entering into the building, he rode up in the elevator to the requisite floor where he met a stunning receptionist wearing Sleek makeup and expensive designer labels. He told her his mission, but he’d hardly let out the magic words from his mouth when a door opened and Henry Johnson stepped out. The young man’s face lit up as if with an inner fire when he saw Phoenix, and the latter felt touched that someone felt for him in that way. Without any verbal exchange, they went down a long corridor with faux imported marble on the floor to Henry’s office which was outfitted with every kind of luxury and electronic equipment imaginable.
‘You sure do know how to keep entertained,’ Phoenix said as he settled into one of the high-backed stuffed chairs that faced the polished oak table that must have come straight from the IKEA offices.
Henry sat on the other chair so that they faced each other. ‘And you sure as hell know how to milk people dry with your stupid demands,’ he retorted sharply. ‘What have you been thinking in your addled mind? Don’t you know that the figure you’re asking for is reserved only for the Bankable Stars?’
‘What you will pay me is pittance compared to what I will earn for you and your mother.’
‘You cannot guarantee that,’ Henry snapped irritably.
Phoenix smiled at him, this very handsome man who had the hot feelings for him. The man was a very stunning guy, the perfect male, very chiseled, with those lean muscular features. Henry was the perfect man, and why such a man could ever be gay was totally beyond him. But that was not what they were there to discuss with each other; Phoenix wanted the money, and he was willing to play whatever cards it took to get it.
‘I can guarantee that,’ he said in a low voice, the kind that always had people turning around to stare at him in the streets. He was doing the fantasy thinking; he wanted Henry to cough up the six figures he’d named because he wanted to leave Lawrence alone and stop being the parasite he was to the man and move into his own apartment either in Lekki or Ikoyi, and how else could he do that except with a very loaded paycheck? Why would the hot babes of UNILAG have to live in the expensive apartments and drive the flashy cars while he who was working his ass off for the country was staying with someone? It was unfair.
Slowly, he was leaning forward, his eyes fixed on Henry’s generous mouth and the face that had become frozen with expectation. He smiled then, for he knew that Henry had fallen for him like a sack of potatoes. How many real men are homos in this country? How many of them had wives tucked away while they enjoyed the fun of the flesh with their male lovers? He was thinking this as his face inched forward. This had been building for some time now, and everything was really ready to explode.
Phoenix kissed him.

CHAPTER SEVEN
To Henry, the kiss tasted like honey on his tongue, and also the touch of a burning brand on his skin. He felt the shock as it rippled through his frame and he shuddered, his fingers drawing Phoenix even closer, his nostrils inhaling the rosy smell of the guy’s body. It was like a fire had been burning within him, rendering him senseless with the exquisite sensation of the heat and preventing the common sense he had from intruding. For the second time in his entire life he was kissing another guy and he loved every moment of it.
There was nothing but the pleasure of the kiss for him to feel and he could not even make the effort to try and feel even slightly guilty because of his wife. He had never asked for this, but now that it was here, there was nothing for him to do except to welcome it with all he had in him.
He pulled closer and held the young actor tighter, and he was touching every part of the guy’s body which yielded to him like butter melting in the heat of the frying pan. He wished the guy could really melt more, and then he was pushing the guy down to the tabletop, his fingers brushing away the files and folders that sat on the table. He was unmindful of what he was doing; all he knew was that he must have Phoenix in the here and the now, and there was nothing more to it.
‘I have dreamt of this moment for so long,’ Henry murmured, and then he was loosening his tie and flinging the thing away as if it was on fire. He was unbuttoning his shirt and pulling at it, freeing it from the waistband of his trousers and then shoving the thing away from his hips so that it slid down. He stepped out of the material and then pulled his boxers down from his lean hips, and his tumescent organ sprang free and full, ripe and begging for action. Then he bent forward again, lost to his passion, and he was kissing his old lover again, and he knew that he could never get enough.
There would never be enough of the actor for him, of that he was sure.
Phoenix was stroking his hard butts and he emitted a low moan of pure animal passion, a torture to his mind, and then he was fumbling with the elaborately designed buckle of the guy’s belt. But Phoenix laughed and stayed his hand, and then proceeded to unbuckle it and rid himself of both his corduroy trousers and his sexy underwear; everything about Phoenix was really sexy.
There was a wild look in the eyes of the actor as he said, ‘Isn’t this crazy? You cannot really be doing this.’
But Henry only laughed and felt the need to educate the guy about the fact that it was nearing dark and his employees would never dare to disturb him when they were supposed to be getting ready to go home, some of them living as far as Ajah. Then the play resumed, all initiated by him, and then he felt Phoenix moving down to his penis which was really and truly painfully erect. He felt the rush of hot tears to his eyes as Phoenix took the thing that seemed to have a free will into his mouth. There was the prick at the back of his mind, telling him that he was married, but he was really past caring now because of the fact that he felt that was trying to only be the person he’d been pre-conditioned to be by forces which were beyond his control.
Henry had never been this wild with desire in his whole life before, one that had been repressed for a very long time and was now trying to explode out of him. He was gay, and no amount of pussy and sex from his dutiful wife would ever take that fact away, for there was no way he could be expected to change who he was for a society that glorified murderers and gave them chieftaincy titles when all they really and truly deserved was the electric chair or imprisonment for all eternity. These were men that stole the money of the country away from here in their Ghana-must-go bags, to different countries, and the people were all suffering. Yet, nothing was done to them; instead, they were all patted on the back as if they had done great.
How he found himself on the floor of the plush office, with Phoenix right there with him, kissing and stroking him, he did not know. He was wild, and then there he was, getting a condom on－ had he been anticipating the fact that one day he would take Phoenix here one day?－ and then he was sliding into the guy. Tears were flowing from his eyes as he felt the tightness of the guy closed around his shaft, and he felt the rush of pleasure zapping through him. This felt so right to him. It felt as if he was entering home, and to hell with the consequences of what he was doing here.
It was as if he was finally home where he belonged and with whom he was supposed to be with.
That was all there was to it.

PHOENIX WAS KISSING him and making sounds of endearment in his throat, and Henry was laughing, holding the guy close and stroking his hair. They lay there on the floor for several minutes before Henry found the need to stand up and start getting dressed. The air around them was heavy with the smell of their perfumes and the unmistakable smell of sex. There was nothing like it in this world, that was for sure.
Then the telephone on the table rang, and Henry picked up the receiver, knowing that it was Fiona and that, for the very first time since their marriage, he would have to lie to her about what he was doing at the office. But what was a little lie in the grand scheme of things? 
‘Baby, I am still at the office because I have a lot of loose ends to tie up with some of our suppliers in China who emailed me minutes ago. Then I may have to go to Obalende to see someone, so I think I will run late tonight. I miss you already, darling.’ He listened to the usual words about being careful on the treacherous Lagos roads, and then he bade her goodbye and hung up.
He turned around.
There was Phoenix standing there, and in the light that was filtering in through the window, there was something about his expression that made Henry to pause and look at him closely. The guy’s face was a blank.
‘Now, you’re in the office,’ he said. ‘What will you say about the fact that you may have to tell her one day that you’re cheating on her?’
Henry smiled and said nothing because he felt that there was nothing for him to say because he knew that words were not needed. He had what he always wanted; he had Phoenix now. And he was not letting him go.

AS IT HAPPENED, Henry released the money that Phoenix had asked for, and then the shooting of the movie Innocence Defined began. He just delegated the power to supervise and control the workings of the production to his mother and then faced other things he had to do.
Even though he saw a lot of Phoenix, and was able to take him out for lunch and dinner whenever his busy schedule could allow, he also found that he was in some unexplainable way, afraid of the guy. He was really terrified of the feelings that Phoenix evoked in him, and he believed that the young actor was toxic to his sanity. The guy was a beauty, one with the ability to charm and worm his way into receiving whatever he wanted from anybody. If the guy had been a woman he would have been a femme fatale and a heartbreaker. But he was a man, a very controversial one that sparked furious debates about his sexuality in the tabloids, and Henry was always thinking that he had to stay clear from the guy.
But I am gay and I want him, he always admitted to his mind vehemently. He had read somewhere that once a person accepts a particular facet of one’s life, then there would be an accompanying self-acceptance. He had riled at his soul for his homosexuality, he had cursed his nature for making him what he was. But all that had not worked; instead there was the raging fires that burned in him, and he had to admit that part of his life to his soul, and fuck all the homophobic bastards out there who were nothing but self-righteous pricks that had nothing to do with their lives save to look for those they would destroy their lives.
In the early days of June, with the rains beating down now to the earth with a vengeance, Henry decided to go one day and visit the set of the movie where his mother and his lover were working. There was the usual crowd to be seen at any movie location; there were the actors, the crew, and the makeup artists and hair persons. Rosalie Johnson was there with the rest, but she was on the lawn, dressed in sweatpants, and she was skipping rope.
Henry made to go and say hi to her but she shooed him off and continued to get on with her routine, and she was tossing the words over her shoulder that he would love to go and see the things he had paid for with his money. But she had gotten the point across that she was not to be disturbed from her routine for anything in the world, and that included him. Her body was more important than anything.
When he went into the house, it was the voice of two persons talking from the direction of the kitchen that drew his attention, so he went to that direction, and then he stopped short. Standing in the middle of the room was Phoenix, and the guy was dressed as, and looked like the most beautiful woman Henry had ever seen. The guy was dressed in a long sheath dress that accentuated his long frame, and the length of his glossy black wig cascaded down his back; the line of his natural brows had been altered with eyebrow pencil. He looked very beautiful as a woman, and his new eyes were decidedly blank, and narrowed－ he’d gotten himself new hazel contacts that looked magnificent with his brown face. He looked shockingly beautiful there.
But there was nothing much for them to say to each other because of the crowd of persons that were around the house. So, he stood by as the actors performed, and he had to say that Phoenix was truly good at what he was doing even if he had to say so himself. There was the cloud of perfume permeating from him, and Henry had to swear right then that he had fallen truly and irrevocably in love with the guy, and if he wasn’t careful, then that could be his doom.
Later on he drove back home, and there was Fiona in the living room, eating a bowl of fruits, her eyes fixed on the TV set before her, though she occasionally was able to tear her eyes away from the screen to look at the twins who were crawling all over the floor, playing with the innocence and joy only a little kid can emit. For several moments he stared at his wife, feeling very sorry for her, that she had to deal with his sexuality which she knew nothing about, and he felt his mind clouded by the restrictions imposed on him. But when she looked up and saw him, he had to plaster that fake, happy smile on his face.
She was flashing him that dazzling smile of happiness when she asked, ‘How is your mother? I haven’t seen her in a while.’
Henry frowned. ‘How did you know I’d seen my mother? They’re supposed to be on location shooting some flick she’s gotten her ass involved in.’ What he failed to add was that he’d been there hoping he could find an empty room where he could have Phoenix and play some sexual games.
Fiona stood up to face Henry, a smile of amusement curling on her lips. ‘I can smell her perfume on you, Henry. What did she do, crawl all over you?’
Henry managed to laugh and his wife laughed with him, and Fiona was then talking about seeing more of Rosalie. But he knew better: Rosalie was as un-African as a Spanish heiress who had come to the country for a short visit. He kept on thinking that one day she may just pack up and leave the country, calling from some exotic location and telling him in her lilting nasal accent that she wasn’t coming back, and that was it. She could not be expected to leave the things she considered to be important to her to play the role of grandmother. He had seen her, yes, but she had been all sweaty when they’d talked, so it couldn’t be her sweat that clung to him; it had to be Phoenix. But he’d had no contact with the guy, and that was the truth.
‘I’d love to see your mother soon,’ Fiona continued gaily, and this time, the smile that broke out on her face was sunny. 
On a whim, Henry said, ‘Why don’t you go and see her? It will give you the time to unwind and gossip the day away instead of being locked up here with the kids all day long.’
Fiona looked at him, askance. ‘Geez, do you think you can handle them?’
Henry nodded, and, with a squeal of delight, Fiona rushed up and planted a kiss on his lips. Then she drew away, her nose wrinkling. ‘But you sure do smell of your mother strongly.’
Henry took a playful swipe at her ass but she dodged away, laughing and giggling to herself at the fun. He then scooped up the twins and headed for his study where he sank into a chair before the computer which glowed a deep blue in the dim room. With a few clicks of the mouse, a picture of Phoenix came up; the one Richard Oke had given to him after Phoenix had disappeared from the Drummer Club. There he was, lying there like a stunning Playboy centerfold, with all those snakes on him.
Henry felt his guts burst with an emotion so raw and powerful, he squeezed his eyes shut to block out the images. He felt the passion stirring in him, felt the irresistible pull of attraction pulling at him, and it all was for the guy who had somehow managed to crawl under his skin and stay there. He wasn’t sorry that he felt something real for Phoenix; instead, he wished that they were someplace else, a place that was not like Nigeria where being gay was a sin worse than siphoning billions of naira and sending it off to other countries for safekeeping while the masses went hungry and naked. It had always been a pain for him to see hard male bodies when he was in school, and there were the penises swinging by his sight, the heady masculine smells that had all always sent his senses operating in overdrive.
Now, he had found passion in the arms of this actor, though he was encumbered, as his lawyer friends would say because of the fact that he was married. He was a multi-millionaire, one that had parlayed his inheritance into huge expansion, and here he was now, sneaking around and cheating on his wife with a guy who must feel nothing for him. It was true that he gave very expensive gifts to Fiona, but these were the gifts of a master to his slave. It was his own way of offering up apologies to her for what he was doing to her, that he’d allowed his penis to fall for a movie actor who was jaw-dropping in his beautiful looks.

INNOCENCE DEFINED WAS released in the third week of August, right after there was the new introduction of cell phones into the country and the little, ridiculously expensive playthings filled the Nigerian markets. Henry bought four immediately, giving one to Phoenix. They had cost him and he was also glad that he’d done so, for now he could reach Phoenix whenever he wanted to do so because the actor was becoming increasingly difficult to reach. He missed Phoenix terribly whenever they were not together.
Once, he went to the Ikoyi Tennis Club for a round of tennis with Richard. They played hard, unwinding in the hot humid August afternoon after a full week of working their asses off. When they were done, they went together to the locker room, their fluffy towels wrapped around their necks. They got into the shower together, and Henry found his eyes straying to Richard’s long, sleek body. He was wistful that he could never have the guy.
‘I saw the movie that you got that effete guy to do,’ Richard said, leering at Henry through the spray of cold water that enveloped them. ‘It was a terrific movie, and the guy was terrific, both as the male and as the evil female twin all rolled up into one. Have you seen it?’
‘No,’ Henry said curtly.
‘You should see it. Phoenix was terrific, and he is a bloody homo if I ever saw one. It is there in him; it poured off him like steam. I would really like to see what his face would look like when somebody shoves a penis into his ass. How I hate that his stupid face. Guys like that really piss me off.’
Henry went cold immediately. He knew that Phoenix, with that slim body of his, that feminine beauty, his allure, and swaying gait, what with the curved bone structure he had like a woman, and coupled with the fact that he had a very well-honed sense of fashion, made him a living, breathing stereotype of a homosexual. Except that the guy was not gay. Henry knew that months ago; he knew that he was just being nice to Henry for the sake of being just so. And he really hated it when people attacked the guy and called him gay just because of the way he looked and acted and spoke.
Henry shoved Richard hard against the wall and then imprisoned his flaccid penis in a hard grip. He tugged on the organ and the other guy emitted a moan of pain. ‘Let this be the very last time you’ll ever say anything evil about Phoenix,’ he said coldly, his eyes blazing with anger. ‘He is a human being just like you are and I have invested a lot in him. The next time you’ll dare to say something bad about him again, I will tear out your penis and shove it so far up your ass you’ll taste blood in your mouth.’
‘I was just joking with you, man,’ Richard groaned. ‘Can’t you even take a little joke from me?’
But even later on that night, as the whole decent world was asleep and he was watching the new movie Phoenix had appeared in alongside his mother, he kept on thinking about what had transpired. He hated it that Phoenix was a mark because of the fact that he stood out easily from the rest of the people, and that they were always asking unnecessary questions about him. His heart was knotted with pain for the guy, and he thought it cruel that Nigerians were ever so unsympathetic to people, that they took out their hatred on innocent guys like Phoenix who wished for nothing more than to be left alone.
He put the movie on pause, picked up his phone, and then speed-dialed Phoenix’s number. The guy picked up after the fifth ring.
‘Henry, I hope nothing’s wrong,’ the guy said by way of greeting. He almost always had the habit of asking if something was wrong whenever he was called. As if Henry should not be calling him except when something was seriously wrong in the scheme of things.
‘No, babe; I just wanted to hear the sound of your voice. How are you?’
Phoenix laughed. ‘You didn’t call here just to hear the sound of my voice and I think we both know it. So wetin dey happen?’
‘I want to have you here in bed, and I want to do a lot of things to you, Phoenix. I think you know that already.’
‘I do,’ Phoenix agreed. ‘But you’re not supposed to be talking like that, you know. By the way, they nominated me for Best Double Screen actor－ whatever that means. Will you be there on the day of the awards? I think even your mother got nominated for something too. I should be thanking you for making me better by giving me your mum to help shove my career up to the top. I should be thanking you, I think.’ And then he hung up.
Henry put the phone down, a small smile curling on his lips. He felt it in his bones that Phoenix was a truly dangerous thing for his own peace of mind, a smooth operator with the foresight and the ingenuity to make the best out of every situation. He had handled a lot of persons, a lot of greedy bastards who wanted to get their hands on his juice, and he had ripped them off. Plus, he was totally besotted with the guy, and that presented a huge problem. As a businessman, he was very analytical, cold and detached, but with the actor, he was involved at all levels. It was obvious that Phoenix knew this and was using it against him.
And yet he fell for it; he savored it actually: why?
With the passage of the weeks, Henry indeed realized that Phoenix had been right about getting Rosalie Johnson into the screens as an actress. The cash flow was heavy, an endless supply of it, with him smiling to the bank on a daily basis. Originally, when they had rolled the flick out into the market, they had estimated that the movie would make fifteen million, twenty tops. But it grossed over fifty million, all to Henry’s open-mouthed astonishment and Rosalie’s assured acceptance of it as something that was meant to be. And when he saw the cult that had formed around Phoenix; closeted persons in the gay community all hailing him, the ceaseless mention of his name in the media, Henry knew that Phoenix had finally made it: T. O. Phoenix was a Bankable Star. People had never seen anything like him before, and they probably never would again.
Henry was filled with euphoria for the guy, and though he tried to contact the guy severally, he was unable to talk to him because his phone was always switched off. He felt downcast about this, thinking that maybe Phoenix had gotten what he wanted and so had backed off from him. It was obvious to him that Phoenix merely allowed his advances because of the position he occupied and because of what Henry could help do for his career; had the guy now considered nothing and was saying bye-bye Henry, that it’s over? I have gotten what I want and you have what you want, so that’s it?
On the night of the Best Screen Wonders Awards that was held in Accra, Henry went there, knowing that he could not possibly stay away. There were thousands of persons there, all gathered and packed like they would be at a final-day World Cup tournament match. There were movie stars from the entire Black Africa there, some of them from Hollywood. And then Phoenix appeared, looking stunning and glamorous in his tailored couture, with Rosalie Johnson clinging to his arm like a Kate Spade Original clutch bag. They were the ones responsible for thrusting the country into heavy international limelight, and Time seemed to stand still as the people roared and clapped. 
When Phoenix went up to that podium to receive his award for Best Actor, Best Debut Actor, and Best Double Character, Henry watched it all through a wash of tears that scalded his eyes. And he knew that he had lost it for this guy; he would kill for T. O. Phoenix if the time called for it. He also knew that his lover had gone on and become something bigger and better than Cinderella. There was no denying it: Phoenix was a made man now, a Face.

CHAPTER EIGHT
From the Vanguard newspaper, Sunday Edition, 19 September 2001:
“In recent times, the country has seen an influx of moral decadence in the thin fabric of the society. Now, such decadence has reached its peak in the form of T. O. Phoenix who breezed into Nollywood last year with his shocking act in Desperate Mission. Then, we never knew what the guy had up his sleeves until he recently showed his face again in a more shocking role, and guess what this time: HE PLAYS A WOMAN.  And that, readers, is pure decadence on the part of this actor, with the hypocrite flaunting his homosexuality for all to see. That is－’
Henry Johnson flung the copy of the Sunday Vanguard down to the desk and then he went to stand by the window and looked down into the busy street two stories below the private dining booth of the four-star hotel where he was having lunch with Phoenix. He felt hot all over because of the sweltering heat of the September sun even though the air-conditioning system in the room was working. Now, he’d lost his appetite because of the offending article he’d read, and he felt suffused with an overwhelming sense of anger against the sleazy reporter that had written that article.
‘If they keep up with this nonsense, they will ruin me,’ Phoenix said, his voice pitched low. ‘Just yesterday I went to the Jacande market to buy some groceries and an elderly woman was screaming abuses at me, calling me an ashewo and a homo. And it was right at the bus stop too. I almost died with shame there. And this is all because of what they are writing about me in the papers. People were trying to calm her down, letting her know that I was just an actor, but the woman would have none of it.’
‘You’re getting aggravated over such a small issue.’ Henry turned back and went into his chair to sit down.
Phoenix laughed, and gone was the assured movie star with the overwhelming sense of charisma; he seemed insecure now. ‘Call me crazy, but if they don’t try to stop what they’re doing to me now, then I fear that one day someone may get a knife, box me into a corner and then start hacking away at me.’
‘You knew what could come of this when you refused to let an actress take that role; you were ready for this.’ Henry gestured with his fork.
Phoenix picked up his own fork, jabbed it into his plate, and came up with three triangles of chocolate pancakes which he shoved into his mouth. ‘I was ready for something akin to this. What I was not ready for was for some persons to take it as their God-given mission to try and run me to earth. If they succeed, then I will be dropped like a hot potato and may even get seriously bashed up by some persons who may feel me to be a threat to them. Or it could be by some persons who hate me because I remind them of their own homosexuality－ which they keep thoroughly repressed just for the record－ and they will then wipe me off the earth.’
Henry let his fork drop as he gawked at Phoenix with eyes that were round like saucers. He leaned forward in his chair. ‘Do you mean to tell me that you fear for your life?’ he asked incredulously.
Phoenix’s perfectly arched brows rose up as a smile curved on his lips, and Henry knew then that Phoenix was a guy that loved flirting with disaster. With his angelic, incredibly beautiful face, he was a mirror of beautiful tragedy, one that begged you to believe in him; the guy was a disaster magnet. He had toyed with death by strangulation when he’d played with Ali Hassan’s snakes, and he’d courted danger when he’d accepted the roles that would make him a Bankable Star in the industry. Henry knew that Phoenix was right about the fact that he could be in danger, so it was not something that he could overlook, at least not by a long shot.
‘I am on your side,’ Henry said.
‘I don’t need a knight in shining armor,’ Phoenix snapped, and the sound was like a whiplash to Henry’s mind. ‘If I were you, I would run as far as my skinny legs can carry me off. But thanks for being there.’
And with that Phoenix was on his feet, and he walked around the table to stand behind Henry. Then his arms enclosed around Henry’s neck, his cheek pressed against Henry’s hair. Henry squeezed his eyes shut and inhaled the rosy fragrance of Phoenix’s perfume, and deep within his heart he wished that this moment could last forever, and darn anybody who said he couldn’t be gay and be proud of it. 
Slowly, he stood up and turned to look the actor squarely in the face, and the sadness he saw in those brown eyes were burned into his mind. And then Phoenix turned and walked away, his body looking so slim and firm, yet very fragile, like a baby’s. 
Henry waited for a few minutes after his lover had left and then he took his car keys and went down to the street. On the drive back to his office he was in a very contemplative mood. He knew that he had to do something to those that were trying to destroy his boy. On reaching there, he called two men into his office. They were the men Chinua Johnson used as his Muscle when he was still alive and Henry now wanted to put them to use. They were muscle-bound, both of them, and they had the menacing air of men who had seen virtually all there was to see and more too.
They were perfect for the job.

ANTHONY OCHUDO WAS a correspondent in the Life and Arts section of the Vanguard newspaper, and, over the years, he’d garnered a lot of respect and accolades, not because of his contributions but because of his daring and open criticisms against the reigning governments of the times. He was extremely radical in his opinions, and he was often on the lookout for policies to lambast.
Now, he’d found the perfect victim in the movie actor, T. O. Phoenix. Lately, he had been complaining that there was nothing new and juicy to add to the column, and then when the stunning actor cropped up on the screens, he knew that he’d found the perfect face for his column. At first, his criticism of the guy was mild, but then, the derogatory opinion many people had of the guy then fuelled him on and he went on to write more saucy and damaging opinions of the guy. And his ratings went up with people.
As he wiped his lips with his paper napkin, Anthony belched with satisfaction. The meal he’d just consumed was extremely satisfactory, a token from some anonymous person who had requested to meet him. Already, the door was swinging open, and Anthony’s lips curled into smile and he relaxed back into his chair.
Three men stepped into the room, the door snapping shut behind them. There was a very noticeable disparity between them, because, even though they were all very well dressed, the two muscular guys flanking the younger man appeared to be bodyguards. They were both huge and beefy, but their hugeness was all pure muscle, not fat; their chests were roped with heavy muscles. The younger man in the middle was a beauty to behold, with a very well-sculpted, trim physique, hair that had been very professionally barbered, well-defined features that rendered him beautiful without being effeminate and a very sensuous mouth that rendered him a killer for the female folk. When he smiled, revealing a row of strong white teeth, he looked almost ethereal. He was that handsome.
‘Anthony Ochudo,’ the young man addressed the journalist in a very cultured voice. He moved forward towards the table, and the two other men hung back, confirming Anthony’s suspicions that they were just the bodyguards, hence inconsequential. This young man was the main koko.
Anthony was now fidgeting nervously with his hands, for there was this slight prickling at the back of his neck, telling him that there was something off about them. Even though the sculpted Adonis standing before him was smiling, there seemed to be an undercurrent of hostility flowing from him.
The young man’s smile turned into an O of surprise as he remembered something. ‘Sorry, but I forgot to introduce myself. But I feel it’s unnecessary. However, you remember T. O. Phoenix, the actor? I know you remember him quite well.’ And then theyoung man turned away from the room and faced the window as a babble of loud voices floated up from the street.
Anthony was unnerved by the sudden silence, so totally unmanned by the loaded menace that seemed to radiate from these men that he started to talk, supplying answers to questions that had not been asked.
‘If you’re talking about the articles I had written about the guy, I want you to know that I never intended to smear his character. As you know, people always love a little scandal, a little that’s out of the ordinary, so I try to supply them with what they want to read to spice up their days. The articles are all a joke.’
The young man who had remained fixated on the window turned to the room again, and this time, he stroked his smooth chin, his finger flashing a ring with a diamond as big as a mango. ‘I agree with you that it was a joke,’ he said, and then he smiled. ‘So is what I intend to do to you.’
As if from an unspoken signal, the two hefty men who had remained still and silent like marble statues surged forward swiftly and silently. Before Anthony could draw away from them, they were upon him and he felt hands as strong as iron grips grip him, and he opened his mouth to scream, fear ripping through him, but one powerful blow landed on his forehead, freezing the scream on his lips. He felt very dizzy as a pool of blackness rushed up at him, and then, through the fog of pain that clouded his mind, he felt his hands pinioned behind him. The young man who had the beauty of a Greek god was smiling at him now.
‘Now, let us get down to business. Phoenix is my dream pet, the guy I have personally invested a lot of money in, someone who is making millions for me. It would be extremely bad for me if I lose him, yes? And I do not want to lose him; make no mistake about that. Now, I have a new problem. You have not asked me what the problem is.’
The dapper reporter paled a notch, knowing deep within him what the problem was without having to be asked. He was the problem and he knew it. They were here to handle his fuck-up.
‘I stand the chance of losing the guy, Mr. Ochudo, and you know what that means, don’t you? It means that my millions will be washing down the drain. That will be very bad for me, and it’ll be because of all your insults. Now, if you’re piqued with him for his effeminate behavior and believe that he does not deserve the attention he’s getting, that’s understandable. But you go about calling the innocent guy a homo, a guy who has sex with other guys, yes? Nod your head please.’
What Anthony had felt previously was plain fear, but now, that fear was mingled with a bone-chilling horror at what he felt was coming to him. Still, he had to nod his head like the young man had instructed him to do. He felt within his bones that if he was to deviate from their script, then they may not hesitate to knock a few teeth loose from his mouth.
‘That’s perfect. What you’re doing is bringing him to public ridicule. You are setting the guy up for the public ridicule and the insults that will be heaped upon him. If you were Phoenix, would you like to have your mother reads the kind of articles in the papers about him? Answer me, please.’
Anthony swallowed past the lump that had risen in his throat and the sweat that was trickling down his back. He shook his head, meaning no. And he knew that he was sealing his fate.
The young man smiled, but it was a very cold smile, and though he still appeared very cool and controlled, the look in his eyes was of a maniacal variety that scared the living hell out of the reporter.
The young man nodded. ‘I wanted to hear that.’ And from within his pocket he drew out a dagger that gleamed silver in the hard light of the sun. ‘Now, I am going to play a little joke on you, one that will prevent you from ascribing such libel to the name of the actor again.’
Knowing that this was no joke, that he was trapped in the hands of those that may do him great harm, Anthony felt the primal need for survival kick in. With a surge of adrenaline, he lunged forward, his mouth opening to let out a scream of desperation, a call for help. But the man standing in front of him sucked him so hard in the solar plexus with a soccer punch that would flatten a wrestler and he nearly passed out as he collapsed back into the chair like a rag doll.
The young man smiled ruefully. ‘It is too bad that you’re making this hard,’ he said. ‘But don’t worry; it’ll be over before you know it. Now, I am going to cut off your balls.’
Anthony let out a sobbing breath and squeezed his eyes shut as he felt a pair of iron hands fumbling with his zipper, pulling at his boxer briefs roughly, and then pulling his flaccid penis out. ‘You cannot do this!’ he cried out, but one iron blow to his mouth shut him up fast as he tasted the blood in his mouth. He could swear that some of his front teeth had come unglued from their gums.
‘Your thing looks good,’ the young man continued almost pleasantly, bending forward to cradle the organ in his hand. He put the sharp edge of the dagger to it, smiling as Anthony flinched. ‘Maybe I will spare your lovely thing for your wife and break a bone instead. What do you say to that?’
Through the cloud of sweat that trickled into his eyes, Anthony opened his swollen mouth to talk, but then he felt his left wrist being gripped in a vice-like grip. Oh no, he thought, for he felt it in his bones that something really bad was about to happen to him and screaming would only make it worse; this was Lagos, after all, the No-Man’s-Land where everybody minded their own business and would do nothing to help out anybody else.
‘I know you’re right-handed, Anthony, so I think I will spare that hand for you to continue writing your wonderful articles and stories. I will break the left one.’
‘No!’ the journalist shrieked, but it was already too late because, right then, something big and black swung through the air, and then there was a loud snap as the thing connected with his wrist. Scorching, unbearable pain sliced through him as his eyes caught a glance of his wrist which had been manhandled, and then he screamed.
The thing descended again, and his scream broke into a wail. He was on the carpeted floor, thrashing about, his right hand clutching at his useless left hand. He opened his mouth and the screams filled it so he couldn’t breathe, rising and swelling in his throat like bubbles. They were hurting him mercilessly, with a deliberate slowness and sureness that was decidedly brutal, each blow landing like the thump of a sledgehammer on concrete. He was crying now, whimpering like a baby, and he wanted them to stop so he could tell them how sorry he was.
Then the beating stopped, and the three men stood over his broken body. He was trapped in the most embarrassing situation of his entire life, and he’d even pissed all over himself to prove it. He could smell the piss on him, and he had the humiliating question cross his mind as to when he had last pissed on his shorts as a kid. Oh God.
‘Now that we’re done here, let me say this,’ the young man continued in that same gratingly pleasant voice. ‘The next time you go about smearing the reputation of Phoenix is the day I will hunt you down and burst your kneecaps so you’ll never walk again. I hope we understand each other well. And please do make sure that you call the guy and apologize to him about what you did. You have just two hours to do that. If you don’t, we’ll be back, and we’ll smash your body to tiny bits and throw the pieces into the Lagos Lagoon. As for your arm, there is a doctor on his way up right now, so no need to worry about it. Another thing: please go and wash yourself up; you reek of piss. I think this discussion is over; we’ll let ourselves out. Enjoy your meal, Anthony.’
And then they turned round and were gone.
Blood pounded in Anthony’s ears and a scream clawed at his throat. He lay there in a puddle of his own urine, and he felt the shame for the way he’d acted; the tears, the begging, the sweat, the moaning noises－ he was a disgrace to himself. And he was in great pain, but that only helped him to better understand the ramifications of what had just occurred. He had two hours to call that effete, ass-licking, penis-sucking, gross, disgusting, ineffectual man-bitch of an actor and say sorry, otherwise his protectors would be back for more iron treatment. He knew that they meant it, that they would come back for more of him.
Then the door opened, and there was a man, looking kindly at him as if he knew what the reporter had suffered but could not help him out. The elderly man seemed unmindful of the stink of his piss as he came into the room and started to open his white bag.

THE WHITE PHOENIX glowed with dim blue and red lights, and gorgeously dressed men and women milled about, drinking cocktails, playing card games, and talking. It was the hottest ‘happening’ club currently in VI, packed with action, both sexual and otherwise. Men pulled up in their sparkling cars, smoked expensive imported Cuban cigars, and drank up their wealth in expensive liquor, while the women were all dressed to kill, their long, bare legs flashing with scented oils, their high heels giving their heights more inches, their long fingers which ended in lacquered nails clutching at tall glasses of ginger ale with the sophistication brought on by the wealth of their sugar daddies and loaded boyfriends.
In an earlier incarnation, the White Phoenix had been a restaurant that catered to the hot-blooded youths of Lagos and the older generation who were on the prowl for young women they could lure into their beds for nights of sex on the sly in return for the cash they had in abundance. It was also the place where the upcoming actors came to, the soon-to-be musicians and soon-to-be-hot-models came to, hoping to get their feet into the establishments they wanted to get into. 
But the casting directors were sharp, and they could easily lure the girls and even the boys, most of whom were very pretty, into their cars or offices to be thoroughly fucked and then dumped because of the fact that most of them had zero talent for the screens and the soon-to-be musicians had the voices of wailing hyenas. Occasionally though, a real star was discovered, as had been the case of the now sensational model Tope Odusote who was now strutting the London catwalks and earning mega bucks.
From where he stood in the wide hall, with its erotic art paintings, vases of flowers, and the blue-painted walls, Phoenix could see into the main parlor where the real thing was going on, where the rich men of the deliciously decadent Lagos society and the madams paid to gain entrance so they could engage in same-sex liaisons with the members of the younger generation. So many men had been after him for sex and he’d politely but firmly turned them down in such a way that there were friendships that developed, and when the White Phoenix went up for sale, he went and acquired it. He knew the perfect use for it: a spot where the horny people could come and satisfy their sexual urgings by picking out the legion of youths there that were available for the fucking, both male and female, all for a price.
It had been ridiculously easy to circulate the news, albeit secretly, in the right ears at Surulere, Mile 2 and the other happening spots around the Island where the gay people thronged, all hoping for fucks, and along the Lagos mainland areas; get young men who were tops, bottoms, and everything in-between in the gay culture, to come to the White Phoenix, buy drinks, invite their friends, play games, drink cocktails, and then eventually hook up with dates. It was the perfect place for homosexuals and high-playing prostitutes to meet in the city, away from the prying and censorious eyes of the society. If you went into the White Phoenix, then you were sure to hook up with someone before you left so long as you’re in the game.
Then he spotted Henry Johnson as the guy walked into the place and stopped to take the scene in, his long trim body still, his eyes flicking disinterestedly over the three hot guys that were standing by the entrance, eyeing him expectantly. He’s used to being wanted, to being the ultimate specimen of the desirable man, Phoenix thought, not without a twinge of jealousy. That Henry was so masculine, so rich and so beautiful as a man, and then so gay, but with his sexuality masked from the glare of the public eyes, made him all the more desirable. And he knew that Henry felt very possessive towards him; that much had been obvious to him the very moment the reporter called him with full apologies. It also made him to understand the fact that he was in a way special to the young man, that Henry would be willing to really hurt those that hurt him.
With a small sigh, Phoenix turned and headed for the small private booth he’d had Henry installed in. He parted the long swinging curtains, his eyes narrowing to slits as they adjusted to the dim red lights that illuminated the circular table in the middle of the booth on which reposed a bucket filled with ice cubes, chilling a bottle of wine. Soft New Age music wafted forth from concealed speakers, and Henry was nodding slowly to the beats.
‘You smell of roses and peaches,’ Phoenix told him.
‘It’s my wife’s lips gloss. Fiona was unhappy that I had to go out for a meeting with a prospective investor and so she covered me with kisses. What do you think she’d do when she discovers that I was out meeting with a lover?’
Phoenix sat down, threw his head back, and then he laughed. ‘She’ll expire from apoplexy, but not before she’s stabbed a knife through your heart.’
At that moment, Dan, one of the guys Phoenix had worked with in Lawrence’s beauty salon, parted the curtain and peered into the booth. Then he came in, bearing plates on which reposed thick circles of pancakes with honey dripping down the sides which he placed noiselessly on the table. He uncorked the bottle of wine, poured two glasses, and then he disappeared again. Phoenix picked up his glass and took a sip of the liquid.
‘You’re not drinking?’ he asked Henry.
‘Fiona will smell my breath when I get home in the hopes of getting a whiff of alcohol on my breath so she can dole out her punishment: she’ll make me sleep on the couch in the living room.
Phoenix let out a peel of laughter, and then he sobered up instantly. ‘Why did you attack that obnoxious reporter?’ he asked quietly.
Henry shrugged, but there was now rigidity in his pose, plus an alertness that was inscribed on his features, and then he spoke, his voice as hard as ice. ‘The bastard had no right to write those things he did about you. You have done a great service to Nollywood, and what does that bastard do about it? He goes about, spreading vermin about you, and believe me when I tell you that I refuse to allow anyone mess with something that belongs to me.’
The feral anger and fury that boiled beneath the cold exterior of Henry’s face made Phoenix a bit taken aback, but he was a master actor who knew his craft very well; he masked his features very well. It would never do to let the guy see anything except what he was meant to see. And shock was not one of them. So, there. 
‘Do you think I belong to you, Henry?’
Henry looked at him and smiled, and it was an odd sad smile. ‘The time I have had with you are the very best things I will cherish till the day I die, and believe me when I say that they are good compared to what I have chained my ass into at home.’
‘Nobody forces a man into marriage and you know it.’ But Phoenix was annoyed that the guy had chosen not to answer the question he was asked, though there was nothing he could do about it yet.
Henry glared at Phoenix, and his eyes flared with annoyance. ‘In my case, I was forced,’ he snapped, and his voice had risen. ‘You’ve met Rosalie, and you must know that underneath all that sophistication, all that polish of public life, lies a ruthless go-getter who knows the value of only what she wants and how to get it. She wanted me to have my inheritance, and I must have it too since I’m the only child of my parents. It was my mother that made me to get married to Fiona against my nature. And did you know that it was Rosalie that had discovered your face on the screens and then gotten it into her pretty little head that we had to find a way of making some money off of your talent?’
‘So you managed to buy your way into my career with your hefty pay money, but still you must admit that doesn’t make you own me,’ Phoenix pointed out coolly.
Henry looked at Phoenix coldly. ‘Oh, I do own you; you just fail to see it yet. I have the ability to give you anything you want, and there is the issue of the fact that I can protect you and hit at your enemies and your detractors when they try to strike at you. In return, I want your body and your loyalty, and you must not go around flirting with those little boys; I find it distasteful.’
Phoenix was really beyond furious at the audacity of the guy. He tried to sit up, but the hands of his lover trapped him there effortlessly. ‘How dare you?’ Phoenix exploded, throwing his slender arms up in the air and clutching at nothing. ‘Oh, you have the nerve! And what will you say next－ that I should stay away from the women that interest me because you want to keep me as your whore?’
‘No, you can go to as many women as you want; I feel no threat from them,’ Henry said with an amused chuckle. ‘When you have sex with a woman, it’s as if you’re knitting with her; that’s no problem whatsoever to me. It will lessen the pressure of our relationship.’
Phoenix managed to twist around so he could look Henry squarely in the face, and he thinking in his mind: what you want from me is done. He thought these thoughts in his mind but he did not say them out loud because he wanted to be the one with the power in their relationship, not Henry. What he failed to tell the guy was that he was very much attracted to women and even though he preferred their company to the company of his fellow guys, he was now having really zero interest in sleeping with them because of the fact that they were cheap lays to him. There was nothing to be done with them save engage in the ancient, timeless rhythm of male-female coitus. And besides that, he’d been branded a homo by the public－ he read the papers and visited the internet gossip sites religiously, after all－ so why not live up to the expectations of what he was accused of by people who knew nothing about what being gay really meant.
And then, there was the guy Henry. He was a handsome, sensuous young fellow; full and ripe and yet very masculine, and very much a homo, but he was different from the Nigerian society’s warped sense of who a homo was. They thought that a homo was the guy with the swish, the one with the limp wrists and the gentle voice, the purely androgynous face, and the swaying walk, but the bastards were all wrong. The homo was the so-called ‘normal’ guy－ whatever that was－ and they were the ones that hit on the feminine guys many of who were at most straight as arrows or asexual; disinterested in sex.
And Phoenix was very lonely, a guy greatly surrounded by people, suck-up young men and women who wanted to get their feet into Nollywood and wanted to use him as the doorway; women who came to him because of the fact that he was more fun to be with than their boyfriends. But none of these people were really friends because they were as attracted to him as they were repelled by him; they loved him, and they loathed and hated him, yet they could not do without him.
On the other hand, here was Henry, a guy who loved him, a guy who saw beyond the effeminacy of his behavior which every other person held against him. . . Henry wanted him for who he was, not for what he was; however, like the others, this Henry guy wanted something from him, just like the others did. And that meant that there was no way in the world that he could let himself be taken in totally by what the guy had to offer. He had to keep some part of himself to himself, and that was the only way for him to stay safe and not be burned badly when it blew up in his face.
Henry then moved in and kissed him, and there was nothing he could do to stop the guy. He knew that Henry was a very cruel person when he wished to be so; the brutal attack on the reporter attested to that fact. And he knew that Henry was capable of being more brutal than just a broken arm and a few fractured ribs. There was something that spelt out trouble and cold ruthlessness about the Adonis; he would never have gotten to the stage he was in right now in his life if he was nothing other than ruthless. That was the rule of the game and that was all there was to it.
But he had to lean into the married guy that had come on so strongly to him, and there was the silky taste and feel of the guy in his mouth, his eyes misting with tears at the thought that things should not be like this. He felt the strength of Henry’s rock-hard erection digging into him, and he stroked Henry’s face because he felt starved so thoroughly of affection; everybody seemed to be fighting against him. His mouth moved lower to Henry’s exposed neck and the latter emitted a deep low moan in his throat, and then Phoenix reached down to the shaft of the tumescent organ which strained against the corduroy trousers Henry wore.
Henry shot up as if bolts of electricity had been rammed into him, nearly throwing Phoenix off to the ground. He jerked away, panting hard. ‘We can’t do this here,’ he panted. ‘This is a public place.’
Phoenix grinned like a Cheshire cat. ‘This is not a public place, Henry,’ he countered. ‘It is a small world inside this huge city. It is a place where people like you can meet and hook up without any fear of being caught. Outwardly, this place is a high-class restaurant, but during the weekends, it turns into the gay hangout of Lagos, and this fact is known only by those who wish to really know. Even the ministers available come here.’
Henry’s eyes popped open. 
And Phoenix laughed softly at the naivety of his friend, rolling his eyes at how ridiculously innocent Henry was. He went on to explain more to the befuddled guy.
‘This is enabling environment for the homos available to meet each other with no inhibitions. And then there is the big price to be paid, of course. Last night, a call came in from this high-ranking government official in Ikeja who wanted me to send over two young men to him for the night. This man is really loaded with the needed heaps of cash that’s been piled up for ten generations of his family to use. Then he sent over this young guy with the heaps of cash I need to set things rolling for him. I sent the guys over, with a promise squeezed out of them that they will tell me of their adventures when they return from their adventure.
‘When they came back, they told me that the man had sat down on a huge chair in the he’d had them taken to, and do you know the funny part of this? The man wore a mask to cover his face.’
Henry, though filled with disbelief, was enchanted with the story. ‘The man wore a mask?’ he asked as he burst into laughter.
Phoenix nodded. ‘Yes, and this was a married man we’re talking about here. Then this man made them touch and kiss themselves, and then he had them fuck each other and come in each other’s faces. There he was, seated there on the chair watching them, and then he pulled his pants down and jerked off, getting his own release. When they were all done, he told them to dress up, that he’d enjoyed their live performance, and if they were able to keep up with the good work then he’d take them places. Then he paid them their cash and they returned here and regaled me with the juicy tidbits. And it’s a bit surprising, isn’t it, what with this man being a politician and all that?’
Henry was nodding, trying to digest the knowledge that Phoenix was trying to impact into him. ‘So what are you trying to tell me?’ he asked finally.
‘All I am saying is that behind closed doors, anything can happen. Men sleep with their wives’ sisters; men sleep with their male apprentices who they keep in their homes; women have sex with the sexy younger brother of their husbands; men fuck their male lovers who they keep in their homes as hired servants, and all these is done in the dark. But the truth is that, on many occasions, it never even is a secret. But then what is the other spouse to do? Then I appeared on the screens, the beautiful guy who is the really the stereotype of what the gay man is in Nigeria, and they all came for me. But then I can never be interested, so there arose the need for me to open the White Phoenix.’
‘In other words, you’re a whoremaster.’
Phoenix ignored the barbed taunt of his lover and said nothing. He couldn’t say he knew what the guy was that angry about due to the fact that he was only rendering a service to those that were in need of his services. But above all, it provided a new insight into the feelings that Henry Johnson had for him. He realized that Henry really did care for him, perhaps even more than Henry was aware of. And even though the guy was glaring at him, Phoenix wanted to reach out to him and to touch him; he tried to, but the pampered son of Rosalie shrugged him off.
And that had ruined their night beyond redemption because the things that they held between them was too much.


CHAPTER NINE
Phoenix was seated at a table in his plush restaurant with Lawrence, and they were eating heaped plates of pasta which had been flavored with hot spices. The air was heavy with the simmering heat of the afternoon which baked the streets as if on a mission of vengeance and retribution, and Lawrence was perspiring heavily, and from his mouth burst forth a lot of profanities against NEPA. They had the annoying habit of giving electricity only when it pleased them, and today, they had deemed it fit to keep the lights off, and the people of Lagos had to make do with their generators or else roast in the heat.
Phoenix kept himself totally engrossed in a spell-binding Anne Rice vampire novel, happily oblivious to the heat. He was used to Lawrence’s incessant babbling and unceasing flow of complaints; after all, he’d been living with the man for years, so he ignored him.
‘What is Ali Hassan doing here?’ Lawrence asked as he licked at a forkful of pasta with his right hand while his left travelled to his face with a handkerchief to dab at the perspiration on his brow. ‘And, from the look of the man, he looks furious. Did something happen between you and him?’
Phoenix looked up towards the swinging glass doors of the restaurant and saw Ali Hassan walking in with the assured grace of a dancer. His lean frame was outlined with muscles, and he seemed very alert, as though ready to strike. The man had come from a place where he’d struggled hard to survive, and even though he had managed to put polish on his manners, there was a coldness in his eyes which was frightening to behold. There was this look of sadness and anger in his features, and Phoenix thought that this was the kind of man that would weep even as he killed you.
Ali stopped before the table, his tall frame towering over them. ‘Hello, Lawrence,’ he said with a smile, but it was one that failed to touch the corners of his eyes. He then turned to Phoenix. ‘I’d like to talk to you, Phoenix.’
Slowly, as if he was royalty deigning to allow his stunning self to be bothered by mundane matters, Phoenix slowly looked up from his book, his eyes swiveling round in the direction of this man who had been his lover once upon a time and had exploited his body. He smiled. ‘Sit down, Ali, since you want to talk to me, and then we must eat as we talk.’
‘You know what I want to talk to you about, and you know it’s not something to be talked about right here now. We need some privacy together, so why don’t we go to that small hole you call your private office so we can talk about this.’
With a sigh, Phoenix stood up and followed the guy to his office where he closed the door behind him and sat down in the swivel chair there, crossed his legs, and then he looked up at the man to talk. He knew what this talk would be about without having to be told about it; he had sent a message to the man’s voicemail box some hours ago, and he’d been expecting something like this to happen.
‘I have been good to you, Phoenix,’ Ali Hassan said, his voice pitched low and dangerous. ‘I had always shown you the goodness of my heart and I wish to believe that you and I had the perfect romance. Now, because of your fame, you’re casting me away.’
‘I am not casting you out because of the fact that I have achieved fame and fortune and I think you know it. Right from the very beginning, our relationship had been one of mutual need: you wanted my body and I wanted your help. You got what you wanted and I got what I wanted; it was the perfect setup, one that worked wonderfully well between us.’ 
A look of sheer, unadulterated, albeit carefully controlled anger, swept over the features of the older man; he looked filled with rage. ‘You can’t toss me out of your life. I know that with you it was pure fun, but you were the only one I had then; the only one I have now. It meant a lot to me then; you gave me life; you gave me something to think about when I went to bed at night. And when I go on my travels, there are always pictures of you with me, and then there are the movies you had acted with such skill and grace－ it was as if you were often right there with me and that we were never miles apart.’
Phoenix gasped as the man leaned forward suddenly and grasped his wrists in a crushing grip. ‘I know that you must have thought a world of good of me when we were together,’ he snapped, now getting angry with the Hausa man. ‘I am cutting this relationship off because there is nothing in there for me to hold on to now. You and I are now separated by a very big chasm that can never be crossed. You’re a man, as am I, and this is taboo!’
‘We can still be together!’ Ali said, and his voice was a hoarse whisper. ‘Never mind what people say about us; never mind what the bastards in this country think of our union. We can still be together.’
Ordinarily, Phoenix would have been impressed by the impassioned speech, but his years of suffering at the hands of those who were stronger and bigger than he was had hardened him, rendered him cold and cruel when the mood was upon him. It was true that Ali had been kind to him, but it was also true that the man had been able to hook him because of the fact that then he was a Nobody, and he was desperate. Now, there was nothing to bind them together; didn’t the man just get it? He was a Face now, and there was nothing to be between him and this man again.
‘We will never be together . . . again,’ he said in the coldest and hardest voice he could dredge up, his demeanor steely, all these lending a very harsh truth and emphasis to the words. He then yanked his hands away from Ali’s, because, in spite of the fact that he often appeared deceptively weak, he was very strong. Hours of yoga and strength training had rendered him strong. ‘You should go, and please do not come back here again. It is over.’
Ali Hassan drew himself to his full impressive height and it seemed to Phoenix that the blood had drained from the man’s face. ‘I’ve known you for years so I know that you always mean the words you say, so, I will go. But I want you to mark my words; you’ll come back to me of your volition or else I will destroy you. I promise you that.’
Phoenix closed his eyes as the older man walked away, and then his eyes flew open at the sound of wood banging shut against wood. He was not in the least perturbed by the words of the man because he knew that if push came to shove that he would be able to hold his ground against the man. And yet he felt that there was going to be some sort of showdown one day, one that would be cruel and would require blood.
When the door opened again, he was not surprised to see Lawrence come into the room, his brows creased with worry. And when the older man asked him what had transpired between him and the other man, Phoenix said matter-of-factly, ‘I asked him to go away and never come back. That’s the end of the story.’
Lawrence seemed to pale a notch as the words hit him, and he stood there with arms akimbo, sweat trickling down into his shirt from his sweating face. ‘I am sorry to hear that, but the both of you had always been so good together. Why did you have to be so cruel to the man?’
Phoenix looked at his friend fiercely, his eyes blazing with emotion, but he kept it all in check with the ruthless cold-bloodedness he was known for. He was never one to snap and be angry, saying things he may regret later on.
‘Do not be sorry, but at the same time, do not try to judge me because you have no idea what it’s like being me! I was just a pretty face he had in his zoo of pets, one to be used when he wished, but now, I am somebody, and he just has to go.’
‘Not all men are like the people that have been using you and tying to run your life all these past years.’
Phoenix let out a small laugh. ‘They’re all the same; Anthony St. Claire wouldn’t give me a role until I had his unwashed genitals in my mouth. Derek Ossai－ your lover－ gave me an introduction that would help me get to see the big St. Claire, and he had his own catch. Right from the very moment I got that part in the movie St. Claire had cast me in, the man has been silently after my little ass so he can stick his thing in there, but he dares not tell me that to my face because I am no longer the little thing I used to be back when he helped me. I want him to die in his silence.’
‘You are a little bastard, do you know that?’ Lawrence hissed in a shaky voice, his fingers balling into fists at his sides.
‘I am a bastard,’ Phoenix said coldly, his expression deadpan. ‘But at least you have to admit that I tell you what is as it is in black and white without trying to sugar-coat anything for you, so that makes me a good bastard. Well, come on, admit it!’ Phoenix threw his hands up in the air. ‘You know I am very beautiful; it’s plain for everybody to see. You know that Derek had always liked me but he’d never made his move because of you.’
And then Phoenix got his act of laughter up and told Lawrence that there was nothing for them to be fighting about and the other man agreed that it was true. There was no way in the world for them to be fighting because of the fact that they had come a long way together through the times they had been living together. The issue of Ali Hassan was not something that could try to come in the way of the friendship they had developed for each other.
But in spite of the fact that they both tried to down-play what had happened, the day was ruined for the both of them. There was a lot going on now, and there was a wedge being driven between them.

HENRY WAS IN love with Phoenix, so he got to be extremely possessive of the guy. He felt now, by a reason that totally defied rational explanation, that Phoenix was now a part of him. The passion he felt for the guy transcended anything he’d ever felt for any other person, and the guy’s exquisitely beautiful looks always got the better of him whenever he saw the guy. He felt that Phoenix was the most beautiful guy he’d ever seen－ maybe he was exaggerating, but the fact was that Phoenix was a true beauty, and that beauty always got to Henry. 
It was as if Henry was bound to him in a way that defied logic. But he also felt that Phoenix was a little crazy, that some nuts had been unscrewed from his brain, and even though the guy was always filled with charm and true good humor, there was something frighteningly cold and closed off about him. It seemed as if the guy hid a lot of secrets behind those sparkling mud-brown eyes of his, that he was a permanently closed book. You could never get that close to him; he had a lot of shields up, and there was no way to penetrate it and get to the core of the person within.
And Henry loved him. He’d come to that shocking realization on that day after Phoenix had disclosed stuff to him about the kind of persons that sought the favor of his boys. He was hopelessly, totally, and madly in love with the guy, and because he had fallen in love, he started doing those little things that men in love were prone to do. He began to spy on Phoenix and regard every look and every smile his lover gave to another man with suspicion. Was Phoenix cheating on him? Did he have a stunning, sexy Lagos babe from either LASU or UNILAG doing him the honors of warming his bed at night? The guy was often pictured with very beautiful women; past and presents flames of the silver screens, fashion models, and even ex-beauty queens who often clung to his arm. But everything he thought was all based on irrational speculation because Phoenix was a guy who was never forthcoming with answers, a blank when it came to answering personal questions about his love life.
Henry was furious and almost crazy about the fact that there was nothing he could hold against Phoenix. He had his connections in the movie world which Phoenix was steeped in, so it was easy to get them to spy on Phoenix for him. They were the ones that told him whether the guy he loved was engaged in affairs with other actors, whether he was flirting with the female casts, etc. But the reports that he got about the guy were all a bit disappointing because, for a movie star who had a lot of women at his beck and call, Phoenix was a celibate who had no time to look at anybody twice, and he worked with a cold single-mindedness on the sets that was as endearing as it was infuriating. Phoenix was the complete workaholic who had no time whatsoever for partying, or drinking, or chasing after the fairer sex, an insufferable perfectionist who met anything short of perfection with iciness and a coldness that was freezing.
 It was freaky to Henry that Phoenix was too . . . perfect, the rare celebrity whose name was untarnished by rumors and scandal. And quite inevitably, Henry began to compare his wife to his lover; why didn’t Fiona depict the high level of sensuality that Phoenix depicted so easily? Why would Fiona let her nails go unpolished? And so on.
Henry could feel the hold he had over his marriage slackening, and he felt that he was sliding from the high pedestal he’d placed himself. Everything that his wife did seemed to be inferior to what his lover could do; Phoenix was a better cook, a better lover than Fiona ever was. But he knew that the young woman was trying the very best she could do for him, and so, one, on one the lazy last days of November, he took Fiona and their two kids for a late evening ride around VI. It was an evening of pure fun, of them eating skewered meat from the Hausa vendors who sold the delicacy in front of the entrance to the 1004 Estates on Adetokunbo Ademola Street, and then they zoomed off to go to the Blue Bell restaurant at the Oniru Estate for their dinner.
They chose a choice table by the window where they could see the entire action with a little privacy, and then they ate and chatted amiably. Then suddenly, Fiona looked up, right past Henry, her eyes widening with surprise and recognition, her spoon of lasagna suspended in midair.
‘Is that not Phoenix?’ she asked in a hushed, awed tone.
Henry felt the blood in his veins turn to red ice, making breathing impossible. The entrance glass doors had been swung open by the security man manning it, and sure enough, there was Phoenix walking in. The guy was a vision of pure elegance and beauty, clothed entirely in black, dazzling jewels shimmering on his thin wrists; his black hair was gelled to perfection, and before him wafted forth the alluring smell of Chanel No. 5. In a roomful of stunning, beautiful women, Phoenix stood out, and he seemed to be naturally oblivious to the attention as he paused to greet an older distinguished couple. Everybody was really staring, as if he was a wild rose that had been thrust into a field of plain white daisies. And Henry stared with the rest of them, and he could feel the icy chills that were whispering up his spine at the sight of this guy who he loved.
Then, as if sensing the pair of eyes that were fixed on his back with unwavering intensity, Phoenix looked up, and his intense brown eyes were fixed on Henry like pinpoints of laser beams. And Henry felt his heart skip a beat, his eyes widen with love and happiness at the sight of this beautiful fellow who had stolen his heart away, and he couldn’t look away; he dared not look away from Phoenix. It was the bold look of the actor that did him in, and he knew without missing a beat that he would kill for the guy if the need ever arose for it to happen. And then the stunning actor turned towards their table, and the other diners were staring like morons, some with pure fascination, others with a mixture of annoyance and anger at this guy who had dared to steal their thunder. The world stood still.
‘Ah, but if it isn’t Henry Johnson,’ Phoenix said, one gloved hand shooting out towards Henry. But for some strange reason Henry did not take the proffered hand; he sat there frozen like meat in a fridge. And then, without missing a beat at the snobbery, the actor scooped up Henry Junior into his arms and the boy giggled. ‘You’re the mirror image of your father,’ he told the kid, smiling. 
But Henry still sat there like a thunder-struck zombie, lost totally for words because the sight of Phoenix lifting up that boy with genuine tenderness had touched a spot in him and he felt like dissolving into tears. And then he felt the heeled foot of his wife stomping discreetly on his foot, yanking him back to the present. But Phoenix had already turned round and heading off straight for the stairs to go upstairs.
‘That was rude,’ Fiona snapped, disapproval etched into every cold line in her face.
Henry gave her a perplexed look. ‘What was rude?’
‘He came in here, ready to go upstairs for a drink, and then he saw you and stopped, his celebrity status notwithstanding, and then you cut him and let him stand there like some fool from the circus. Everybody was staring at you－ at him－ and yet you left him there hanging.’
‘It was nothing,’ Henry snapped irritably.
‘Nothing? From what your mother had told me, you had the guy in your pocket and the guy’s made a load of money for you. Basically, the guy is your money machine, yet you treated him like trash. I demand to know why.’
Henry turned a cold look to her, his eyes flashing with anger. Usually, it was Fiona that was the fighter in their marriage and she’d rave and rant, and then he’d cut her down with a few words that would devastate her. But tonight he was not in the mood for anything that came from her.
 ‘That’s enough!’ he snapped and she jumped in her chair, her hand knocking off the glass of water on her side. The liquid soaked into the tablecloth and then spilled down to the floor.
And that marked the end of their happy evening. They drove back home in stony silence, with Fiona at the wheel, Henry seated at the back of the SUV with the twins. There were tears in Henry’s eyes, clouding his vision. He felt sorry for what he’d done to his lover, and he also felt very sorry for Fiona. But never in a million years would he ever have anticipated the fact that he could ever run into Phoenix just like that. However, he believed deep in his heart that he’d spared Fiona the humiliation of sitting at the same table with the young man who held his heart and loins captive more than any other thing else had ever done. And if Fiona ever found out what was really going on between him and his ‘money machine’, then all hell would break loose.
He would lose all that he held dear to his heart. There was no doubt that he would lose her love even if he ended up not losing her. For divorce was a taboo in its own way in Nigeria, and there was a serious stigma attached to those that had gotten divorced from their spouses, especially if they were women. It was a world of unequal opportunities.

CHAPTER TEN
That night, the wind came up, surprisingly strong, a phenomenon that shouldn’t occur on the last day of November, the dry season. Thunder cracked in the black sky, and the blanket of the heavens trembled with lines of lightening that zigzagged across the black night like the crackle of electricity.
The electricity had gone out, but there was a full moon, the light strong enough to illuminate the room. Henry stood there in the middle of the room, water dripping from his clothes. Before he’d gotten to the apartment building from where he’d parked his car, he was already soaked to the skin from the fury of the water that sliced at him even though he had run as fast as his athletic legs could carry him to the place where he was now standing.
Phoenix stood facing the window, his back to the door, and was once again dressed all in black. He was watching the fury of the storm, and, without turning around, as if he’d sensed the presence of Henry there, he ordered him to take off his wet clothes.
Henry complied, and then he stood there nude, his body shivering with the cold that had seeped into his bones. Phoenix then turned round to face him, and he could see that the guy’s face was blank, the way it always was, making it possible for the movie directors to mold him into whatever they wanted him to be. Phoenix was a very difficult person to read, and so Henry wasn’t sure what the guy had going on in that closed-up mind of his. It was what made him good at what he did, because he was like plaster that could be molded into anything, to be anything in any given circumstance. But in real life, outside the flare and the glare of the cameras, it was something that was terrifying to behold, because you never really knew what the guy was thinking, how he would react in any given circumstance, because there was just no way to find out what he was thinking from the emotions on his face. The guy emitted no emotions whatsoever.
‘I am very sorry,’ Henry said through chattering teeth. ‘I never intended to give you the cold shoulder this evening, but then the shock of seeing you there was too great for me; I just froze up like meat.’
Phoenix reached out with one slender, albeit extremely strong hand and stroked Henry on the chin, and the latter could almost swear that he felt electricity sweep through him. Now, there was a shift in that blank face; it had taken on a cast of sadness easily, speedily. It was the incomparable T. O. Phoenix at his best.
‘You were ashamed of me, Henry. I saw you with your family there, and it was the very first time I was ever seeing them, so I had to come over to say hi. You just snubbed me right there in front of the entire people there. But then, I won’t hold it against you; I understand what you did and why you did it. You had to keep up the appearance of the heterosexual guy in public, but you and I know better.’
There was a new shift in that stunning face once again. He now looked almost happy. It was like looking into a mirror that was a reflector of different images from different perspectives, but it was still the same.
There was a smile on the actor’s face, one that melted away all the resistance that Henry may have felt, and then he could feel the blood rising up to fill the vessels in his dick. He groaned as if in physical pain, and then he drew Phoenix to his chest, his finger digging possessively into the small of Phoenix’s back. He felt a rush of fulfillment, one that came from being with the one you love, of being in the presence of the person you would have wanted to spend all time with had the circumstances been different. He could think of nothing else except for the guy that he held in his arms; of that beautiful face that invaded his dreams all the time he closed his eyes. It would be his undoing, this mindless, wanton passion he had for a guy that the society had placed beyond his reach.
He wanted Phoenix desperately, and he looked into the eyes of the guy he wanted more than anything else and then he kissed Phoenix. Lost as he was in the passion that had engulfed him, that had made him aflame with burgeoning desire, he wanted the moment to last. He wanted it to be forever. But then, there would never be a forever for the both of them, of that he was sure.
But Phoenix pulled away, the thunder and lightning flashing behind him, and when he stepped out of the cloth he wore, Henry could see that he was wearing nothing else. Henry could swear that the guy was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen.
Henry laughed as Phoenix gently pushed him into a chair, turned his eyelids close with the tips of his fingers, and then he felt the feather touch of the kiss against his lips; there was the touch of the fingers on his cock. And then he moaned with shameless abandon, more than he had ever shown with his wife in their love-making sessions.
‘Let me see to your pleasure,’ Phoenix said in a whispery voice. He had shifted now into the person of the night, an angel that was the owner of the sex game. It was that easy for him.
With a nod, Henry truly relaxed back and freed himself to the guy’s sensual ministrations. And darn, was the guy truly good. Phoenix knew how to use his hands and his tongue, and even his breath to inflame the senses with his shockingly erotic touch, and Henry could only dream, through the haze of pleasure that had suffused him, that his wife could see his lover at work, that she could possibly come and learn a few tricks from the guy. That way, their sex life would become thoroughly spiced up. As it was, their sex routine was a boring run, not flames and throw-downs like he had with Phoenix.
 He wanted to really grab Phoenix and kiss him, to look into those bottomless pools of brown passion as he stroked the younger guy, but that was to come later, not now, because Phoenix was working his magic, and he was reveling in it. Phoenix was licking at his hot stomach with his tongue, and then at his nipples, and then was moving farther up to claim the hot spot in his neck. Phoenix moved up, and now they were looking at each other, their eyes locked together, and Henry wished that just once, he could get a glimpse of what lay behind those brown eyes, after all, the eyes are the windows of the soul.
It was the one lesson he had learnt from his mother, Rosalie. She had taught him that in the most devastating way imaginable, and he owed her for that.
‘You are very beautiful,’ Phoenix said, and he sounded sad, like he always did whenever he was talking to Henry about the fact that he found Henry’s gayness to be surprising. ‘And it’s also a pity; all that manly beauty wasted because a woman would never have you . . . never really have you.’
And then he kissed Henry again, and the latter thought that the guy tasted really sweet, like honey without adulteration. And then Henry could get no more of that silent sensual treatment that was being doled out to him; he was raging and flaming with passion, his penis all tumescent and roaring to go. He pulled Phoenix to the bed almost roughly and then they went into the rhythm of the passion that was so forbidden in Nigeria, so truly hated and spat against; the one thing that people never spoke out aloud because it was one of the main taboos of the land, and absolutely nobody wanted to be mired in taboo. And yet, it was the subject of one of the most heated debates in the country.
Tears rushed to Henry’s eyes as he felt the rush of pleasure that his lover gave out, but he was a bit unhappy within him that the guy was good at giving but seemed almost never to want to take. And when he came, he felt the stars exploding in his vision as if there was some kind of explosion of white light, and then they lay there together, with the sheets wrapped around them. And yet, even though they were there together now, there was some huge gulf between them because what they had together was something clandestine, only stolen moments.
‘I love you,’ Henry said, because it was the truth. There was just something about the guy that spoke to the sentimentalist in him, which made want to come out with their relationship to the public if that was what it would take to be with Phoenix. 
But Phoenix just yawned as if he was bored to death with the drama. ‘Can’t this wait until tomorrow? I want to sleep, and besides that, I have to do some exercises for the promotion of some health crap; it will be a long day. Do not make it longer.’
‘This is important to me,’ Henry admonished. ‘I never wanted to fall in love with you; I just did. You make me feel complete and happy with my life. I wish you were mine.’
By now he was crying silently, the tears flowing, though he did not cry out loud because such crap was out of his dictionary. ‘And then when I saw you at the Blue Hyena coming towards me, it was as if some part of my life had become complete. Phoenix, can you hear me?’
He gently touched Phoenix, but the guy’s breathing had already deepened, a clear indication that he was now asleep. So he kissed Phoenix on the lips and watched his profile as he slept. He watched his lover for what seemed to be countless hours, and then, still naked, he padded to the window and stood there crying. He was crying for the love that he had which was so close and yet so far away, all because of the fact that people, in all their hypocrisy, had said that he couldn’t have the guy. No way; he had to have only a woman and nothing more. In fact, he could have as many women as he wanted to have and the people would only clap him in the back and commend him for being a man.
 And this guy, this stunning guy he loved who could not hurt nobody, who wanted only to live, had to be punished for being the way he was. And Phoenix was not even gay; Henry did not believe that the guy had a homo orientation. The guy had just done what he had to survive years ago.
When Henry lay back down to sleep, he found out that he was physically exhausted and feeling very sleepy. He woke up when the sun had risen above the horizon, the roseate glow of dawn permeating through the curtains. He ate a breakfast of devilled eggs which had been prepared for him by Phoenix, and before he left, they made the arrangement to meet the following weekend, but as it turned out, Phoenix had to go down to Abuja to shoot a toothpaste commercial and then would be unavailable for the rest of the month because he had to go and be with his family.

CHAPTER ELEVEN
From the Sunday Vanguard, January 20, 2002:
T. O. Phoenix gets trapped in a sex scandal:
For a very long time, a lot of speculation has been rife pertaining to whether the stunningly beautiful actor who had dazzled fans across the continent is gay. It was all speculation due to the young man’s very unusual good looks and feminine gender presentation, but there was of course no real evidence to shed light on this.
However, after the Christmas holidays, Mr. Ali Hassan, the pet snake trainer who’d loaned his huge pets to Ethnicity Studios for use in the movies that brought the young actor into international limelight, has come forward and told the Vanguard that the beautiful young actor had tried to seduce him several times.
‘We had worked together before he came into the movies, and he was always making sexual advances at me,’ Ali said during the course of the interview. ‘And not only at me－ he made advances to several other men during the time of his glory days as an exotic dancer in a club.’

Henry was trembling with fury as he read the offensive article. A ferocious, barely leashed fury boiled within him, and then he folded the newspaper and flung the thing out through the window. He was furious beyond all words, and the fact that somebody had dared to try ruin the reputation of the guy drove him wild with fury. He loved Phoenix, and there was this hope at the back of his mind that one day, the guy may come to love him back. And now, with this, it would be really impossible for the guy to love him back because of what they were saying about him.
‘So, what do you think of it?’ Richard Oke asked.
With his hands thrust angrily into his pockets, he turned to his best friend with a look that was akin to hatred. ‘You’re enjoying this, aren’t you?’ he asked intensely, his eyes roving over the other man’s face with eyes like a hawk’s.
‘Sure, of course I am. I had always said that the bastard should go to the dogs. You should never have gotten yourself involved in him, though I admit that he’s made it big. But what that man is accusing him of is really big and can cook him. You know that, don’t you?’
Henry sighed, his shoulders sagging. ‘Yes, I know that. But what they’re saying of him are lies.’
Richard gave Henry a coldly assessing glance, and he shook his head, perhaps in contempt, or because Henry was gullible－ the latter did not know which. ‘Phoenix is some sort of enigmatic individual from some weird factory. That, plus his ambition renders anything they say about him to be totally possible when you take the time to consider it from all angles.’
‘Aw, come on,’ Henry snapped impatiently, his fingers raking through his crew cut, a sigh of frustration gushing out of him. ‘You know it can’t be true of the guy. Since you met him, have you ever known him to be anything less than courteous to you and unfailingly polite?’
‘Well, no,’ Richard replied thoughtfully as he stroked his chin, his brows drawing down in concentration. ‘But still, there is something about him, that come-hither aspect of him that draws women in, and also men. That is what the people will look at, not whether he was busy soliciting for sex from the men he had come in contact with. And besides that, you know that everybody sure loves a good scandal.’
Before Henry could throw in a scathing comment, the intercom on the polished desktop buzzed, and the voice of the secretary called into the thing, announcing that Rosalie Johnson was there to see him. Plastering on a fake plastic smile to his lips, Henry went back to his swivel chair and settled into it. He had to look like the happy millionaire that was on the top of his game because Rosalie would never stand for anything less than that. It was the one gift she had given to him－ the issue of being able to project the fact that you were at the top even if you were at the rock bottom.
Moments later, the sound of high heels clicking on the marble could be heard, and then the door eased open. Clouds of exotic Chanel No. 5 wafted in, followed by the wearer of the exotic fragrance.
Rosalie Johnson was a vision of elegance, turned out in a silk suit of clinging black, the color contrasting dramatically with her light skin, her full black hair hanging loose around her shoulders, full and rich in its natural glory, better and bigger than the normal African hair that women were so ashamed of and did everything they possibly could to hide with the braids and the faux extensions. She was smiling up a storm, and when Henry rose from his chair to give her the customary kiss on the cheeks and murmur appreciatively about how stunning she looked, she held out one long hand.
‘Darling, how nice you look,’ she said in her signature whispery voice that had made many a man to turn and gawk at her. She kissed the air around his cheeks and then her attention was turned to Richard. 
Before the woman could say anything to the other man, Henry demanded, ‘Mother, have you seen the papers?’ Then he drew back so he could escape the cloud of aromatic fragrances that wafted forth from his mother’s body in waves. Unfortunately, he sneezed.
A look of pure alarm swept into the face of the woman, almost twisting her perfect features. But then, it would be over her dead body to frown and get wrinkles all over her stunning face.
 ‘Darling, do you have a cold?’ she demanded. ‘In that case, please do not touch me because I do not want to get your germs.’ And with that, she flew around to the other side of the table with amazing grace and lightning speed, her smiling disposition now restored as soon as she’d distanced herself from the carrier of the germs. ‘So, darling, what were you saying? You know I barely have the time to look at the papers save for the financial section and the fashion pages.’
Henry sighed and exhaled some rapid yoga fire breaths so he could keep his impatience in check. Rosalie could try the patience of a saint. ‘Mother, Phoenix is in the papers, and this time they’re saying that he was having sex with men for money before he became an actor.’
‘Oh, darling, do not sweat the small stuff,’ Rosalie said in her whispery voice, waving one long arm dismissively. She settled herself down on the swivel chair and crossed one slender leg over the other. ‘I’d thought that you had something better to tell me.’
‘You don’t really understand, do you?’ Richard asked with a small smile of amusement. ‘Henry is worried that the investment you have made on the guy’s head may be heading down the drain.’
Rosalie spared the young man a scathing glare of contempt. ‘Darling, you are so naïve,’ she said impatiently. ‘In the movies, once the gay rumors start, then it means that you’re really a star. Everybody will then want to have a piece of you, and what better way to get cheap public attention than to dream up one silly crap that you’ve supposedly done? They can accuse you of pedophilia, or prostitution, or it could be sexual molestation－ the list is endless. In our boy’s case, he’s being accused of being a faggot. I so love this already.’
‘It doesn’t bother you?’ Henry asked incredulously.
‘Of course it doesn’t!’ Rosalie exclaimed as she flew to her feet, her four-inch heels notwithstanding. She walked around the table and placed one hand on her son’s shoulder, obviously having forgotten about the germs and her promise to stay away as far from him as was humanly possible. ‘Whoever did this to him－?’ and she waved, at a loss for a name.
‘Ali Hassan,’ Richard offered.
‘Yes, Ali Hassan－ he’s got a grudge against our boy, or he just wants to get his ugly face into the papers. Either way, he’s got what he wanted, and now, it’s my turn to do what I can to discredit his ass. A nice smear campaign can do that, and then it’ll all be over. I will not sit back here and watch I have worked so hard for be washed down the drain.’
And in that moment, at that time of clear truths, Henry understood what Rosalie wanted. She was not interested in the real Phoenix, the guy behind what they were showing up there on the screens. All she was interested in was not to allow any meddlesome third party butt into what she had labored hard for; what was one the greatest sources of her never-dwindling bank account. Sorry for any person who was unfortunate enough to try and get in her way; she would crush the fellow to bits. She could be really extremely cruel when the mood was upon her, and now was one of those times.
Henry also wanted to destroy anybody that tried to do anything to the guy he loved, though his own reasons were not as selfish as that of his mother’s. He hated what Ali Hassan was doing to Phoenix, and he hated the man, hated him! He wished he could get the man by his neck and throttle him to death, watch as his eyes glazed over into a pool of permanent blackness, watch as the tongue of the man extend forth from his mouth, the breath leaving his body in a whoosh as the life fled from his tortured lungs.
‘I will get to the bottom of this,’ he said coldly.
‘Do not get in way over your head with this,’ Richard advised.
‘I am already in way over my head about this,’ Henry said coldly, his eyes blazing with fury.

OVER THE NEXT few weeks, the anxiety and frustration over the affair with Phoenix in the papers mounted because there was no way he could get in touch with the guy either on phone or in person. Even when he’d asked Lawrence, the man had claimed he had no idea where the actor had vanished into. Henry then left several messages in Phoenix’s voicemail, but he received no return calls from the guy. It was as if the actor had vanished into thin air.
Henry felt the frustration settle on him like a heavy, crushing weight, weighing down his mind. He felt betrayed by a lover who did not care enough to at least tell him that he was going to be unavailable. And if what Phoenix was scared of was the public opinion that Ali Hassan was turning against him, all the guy had to do was to say the words and the tall, no-good scoundrel would be taken very good care of so that he would never disturb Phoenix again.
Henry wanted to be the source that would protect Phoenix, and be the one to do anything that would be necessary to be done to stop the press from harassing him. And there were the people who were really out for his blood, who were saying all sorts of terrible things about him, though of course there were those that were sympathetic to the actor and would not let their opinion of him be muddled by the accusations of one man. These were the group that asked why the actor should be crucified for something nobody was sure about; they demanded to know why the people were just kicking up a storm for something that was irrelevant. Why not turn the attention to the politicians that stole billions of Naira from the Nigerian economy and laundered these monies abroad to banks in Switzerland while the masses suffered? Why not worry about the fact that the existing health infrastructure was crumbling and people were dying because there was lack of adequate health care?
The roads were in a deplorable state, and there were people dying because of that. The health care in the country was a joke, with the persons who are the powers that be flying themselves and their children outside the country for even the most inconsequential illnesses while the masses had to make do with what the hospitals had to offer. The power supply was abominable, with there being a resultant inflation in the prices of goods and services because of the fact that the manufacturers were using fuel and so had to recoup their costs. And yet, they had to focus on Phoenix only and the gay question, leaving out the really important stuff.
By the middle of March, Henry had gotten frantic, and the media had gotten whipped up into frenzy. The guy was nowhere to be found, and there was speculation that he could be dead or that he had left the country. And all these drove Henry wild with anger and fear. He must be really obsessed, for he found out that he was thinking about the guy all the time, and perhaps, he was also calling the guy’s name in his sleep, for one day, Fiona came up into their room where he was staring at the screen of the TV in which played the 1961 Hollywood oldie, Whatever happened to Baby Jane? She snapped the TV off and turned to stare at him, and there was an icy coldness etched into the lines of her face.
‘We have to talk, Henry,’ she said in a cold, flat voice, a tone that had Henry’s alarm system turning on full alert mode. ‘For several nights in a row, you’ve kept me awake with your incessant babbling about that stupid homo actor.’
Henry feigned nonchalance and a deep concentration in his thoughts but his mind had turned to overdrive mode with fear and worry. ‘What actor?’
‘Do not ask me what actor because you know what I am talking about!’ Fiona snapped. ‘I had always wondered where you get that strange exotic perfume that cling to your clothes when you come back from work, and now you’re babbling about the guy－’
Henry sat up with a look of shock and rage at her tones, and she shut up instantly. ‘What bloody nonsense are you talking about?’ he hissed.
‘I now remember why you looked so guilty when the guy walked up to us that evening at the Blue Hyena,’ Fiona continued icily as if she’d not heard him speak. ‘There was that scent on him, and all the time it kept on nagging at me until just recently. Then it struck me: his perfume－ that’s what’s been clinging to you all the time. You’re sleeping with him, aren’t you?’
For the very first time in his entire life, Henry felt his bowels turn to ice. He felt the fear digging into his spine. ‘Sleeping with who?’ he asked in a low voice as his mind envisioned his life crumbling and disintegrating before his own eyes into irrecoverable pieces that would be blown out to the wind and scattered to the four corners of the earth.
‘Phoenix must be your lover, you bastard!’ Fiona hissed at him, her voice filled with pain and hurt, and disgust. ‘You are a homo!’ and then she was clapping her hands in his face for emphasis. ‘You have been fucking him because he needed you and your mother to help him with his career, haven’t you? That’s why his perfume clings to you all the time. I dare you to deny it!’
Seeing how enraged his wife was, Henry swung his feet down to the floor and faced her squarely. The cold, icy look on her face chilled him to the bone, and he felt that no amount of weapons could have packed more venom and fire like she did at that moment. There it was; a confrontation was imminent between them.
‘What do you want me to say?’ he asked wearily. ‘Do you want me to say no to your accusations when you’ve already made up your mind before you came into this room that I was sleeping with the guy? And he is my fellow man－ why should I sleep with him?’
‘Oh God,’ Fiona muttered, her hand clamping down on her mouth to pull back a sob. Tears welled in her eyes, and then her body was trembling with the force of the strong emotions that were swirling through her. ‘Who did I think I was deceiving?’ she asked rhetorically. ‘Here I was, thinking that I had the best man in the world as my husband, but that is the biggest lie I can ever tell to myself. I married a gay man.’
Henry’s guts twisted in pure anguish at the pain he had unwittingly inflicted on her, for he had never meant to hurt her in any way. Their marriage had been devoid of rancor, of the petty domestic quarrels and squabble and the violence that had been the trademark if his own parents’ marriage. But now, everything had fragmented, disintegrated into a million pieces because of the forbidden passion he had for Phoenix, a guy he knew he should run away from; a guy he knew might one day be his undoing if he wasn’t careful.
‘You are a bastard!’ Fiona hissed at him, making him jump as if she’d attacked him with a weapon. She looked furious, almost manic as her eyes blazed at him with the fury of a ferocious lioness. ‘How dare you? How could you do this to me? What has that bastard got that I cannot give to you?’
Henry was already backing up physically. ‘Nothing was going on between us,’ he said, though his voice lacked conviction. ‘I don’t even expect you to understand that.’
And it was true; there was nothing for his wife to understand. 
‘I can’t understand; is that right? What is it I can’t understand?’ Fiona’s voice had risen in volume. ‘Answer me, you bloody devil! I thought that it was only people like him that were gay, not strong, handsome men. You can’t really be into that act.’
What a misconception, Henry thought, his shoulders sagging with misery and profound weariness. How could he be able to explain to Fiona that there was no correlation whatsoever between homosexuality and effeminacy; that being gay entailed being sexually wired towards the guys around you? He had realized a long time ago that the visible masculine traits he displayed, had often been the savior he had pertaining to the issue of his sexuality, and it was something he thought that could be hidden under the sun for as long as was humanly possible. But now, because of the fact that the only lover he loved was nowhere to be found and he was now babbling in his sleep, he was about to be revealed for what he really was. His life as he knew it was really doomed.
‘I hate you!’ Fiona continued, her voice rising in her anger and her derision. ‘You are a freak! A homo!’ She then let loose a string of obscenities in Yoruba at him through her clenched teeth.
‘That’s enough!’ Henry snapped at her, now getting angry. He knew that he had to cut down the crap she was dishing out because it was obvious that the slightly crazy young woman was not even sure of what she was saying, that she was talking out of the suspicions she had deep in her mind about him and Phoenix. ‘The servants in the house and outside can hear you.’
‘I will not keep my voice down!’ she shrieked in response, and then she lunged at her husband, her long, painted nails extended to his face so she could claw his eyes out.
And for the first time in his life, Henry struck a woman. He slapped her hard across the face as she came charging at him with the front of his right hand, and that sent her reeling back and falling to the mattress. Then he was on top of her, his strong arms holding her down as she tried to charge to her feet. Still, she struggled like a trapped tigress, and she was incredibly strong; that’s what you get when your wife tortures her body with a daily one-hour fitness regimen at the gym, Henry thought wryly.
She was still screaming at him, and then she managed to extricate one hand and hit him hard across the face. They were both panting, and then he felt the lust stirring within him, and then he was ripping her robe off savagely, his powerful, muscular arms pulling her down to the bed, and still she struggled. She was wearing nothing underneath the robe, and when he ripped the last of the thing she wore from her, he pulled down his pajamas and then he kissed her. It was a very hard, brutal kiss, one that made him taste blood on his tongue, and whether it was hers or his, he had no idea. She struggled against him, but yet she seemed to be touching him, her long nails raking over his naked back, sending slivers of thin pain through him.
‘I am not gay!’ he roared into her face.
And then he was spreading her legs, and he could see that she was already very wet, the soft red mound of her womanhood oozing with juices. He felt the painful erection he had, and he knew that he must have some release, and then he was driving his tumescent penis into her, and she was calling his name, crying out even as she writhed against him, and from her mouth poured forth a string of expletives at him. Their anger and hunger for each other’s flesh moved in flashes, pure white strokes of anger and desire and fear and pain etched into the face of the tortured young woman as she moaned and called his name. Their kiss was hard and brutal, and it was as if they were trying to suck the life out of each other, and then she was cursing him, and then she was ordering him to fuck her harder, to show him what a man he was if indeed he was not a homo.
He drove into her deeper and deeper, and her legs were wrapped around his lean hips, her fingers exploring his back and buttocks. He fondled her swollen breasts, and smelled the scent of the soap that still clung to her hair after her bath. He pounded her with a fury such that almost matched the fury that Phoenix could incite in him, and then he was seeing stars explode before his eyes, and he came, shuddering as his seed seeped into her.
She was now crying, and she was calling his name softly. ‘I am sorry,’ she was saying, her voice tiny and muffled into his shoulder.
She had come too, and she was now rubbing against him and purring his name like some needy chick.
He was kissing her breasts and saying nothing as she continued to say that she was sorry; he sucked on the full ripe mounds and she was responding to him. He started to move again, his hips dancing in the ancient, timeless rhythm and language of sex, for his penis had become engorged once again, and he was watching her intently. Her eyes were closed, and she was responding to him, to her gay husband, though she did not know that. He had deflated her accusation even though she had been right, and now she was sorry for that was trying to make it up to him.
He wanted to cry, to pour out his anguish and his sorrow right out through his eyes, because he’d come close to being doomed. Fiona had pounced on his one deadly secret, and even though he’d managed to fuck the silly notion out of her head, he knew that the seed was now sown in her mind, that she would never see the actor the way she’d been seeing him again. She would always see Phoenix and remember that she had fought her husband because of him.
God, how he loved that guy more than he loved even his own self. But he felt certain that if he had a gun, he would take it and put it against the forehead of the guy and pull the trigger, blasting that stunning face to a million pieces before the guy destroyed him totally. He would destroy that forbidden fruit before it destroyed him.

ON THE DAY that Phoenix had seen the papers and read what Ali Hassan had said about him, Phoenix had packed a bag, called Lawrence and sworn him to secrecy about the fact that he was going to the East to see his parents on a surprise visit, and then he went to the GUO park at Ajah, boarded a bus, and then he was on his way to Onitsha. He had to see his parents.
And then, when he got to the East and was deeply ensconced in the home of his parents, away from all prying eyes, he learnt that one of his old classmates, Emeka Umeji, had been hospitalized as a result of some freak accident he’d had some time ago. Phoenix was the kind of guy who never forgot anything that was ever done for him, whether good or bad, and he remembered that during the time of their schooling, the guy had been one of the very few that had been nice and good to him. So he went to the hospital where the guy was lying in a coma, with his mother running helter-skelter looking for the money with which to foot the bill of his medical expenses. He paid off the entire sums needed, and though the woman had been blissfully oblivious as to who he really was, he’d just turned around and then walked away. It was an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth; he had repaid the kindness in full.
The truth was that Phoenix was a guy who never forgot an act that was done for him, whether good or bad. He repaid both in full; there were those who had been very kind to him in the past, and for their kindness, he paid them back even though the acts must have been obliterated from their minds. And for those who had hurt him, he had his revenge waiting; he was extremely good at playing the waiting game because of his cold analytical mind. He would wait you out, and then, when the opportunity presented itself, then he would strike.
There were several messages on his voicemail when he bothered to check, and several from Henry Johnson. He could detect the despair in the guy’s voice, and he could only roll his eyes at the way the guy sounded so passionate even over the phone waves. And the answer Phoenix gave to him was silence, which in its own was an answer.
He wanted some distance both from Henry and from all those who were craving his attention for one thing or the other. It was always about what he could do for others, never about what others could do for him. And he resented Henry deeply for the way he had ignored Phoenix at the Blue Hyena. There he’d been, with his dolled up wife and perfect family, and he had chosen to remain stubbornly silent when Phoenix had gone to say hi. Later on, the devil had dared to come crawling back to him, saying that he was sorry for what he had done that evening. And then later that night, Henry had cried like a baby, thinking that Phoenix was asleep, but he wasn’t－ he’d feigned sleep; after all, he was a very good actor.
But that was not what Phoenix cared about now, so he banished the sculpted Adonis from his mind. Throughout that month he kept busy with going to the Onitsha Divisional library at the GRA and read up a lot of books, as many as he could devour so he could brush up on his affair with learning. And that brought to mind the treatment that he’d gotten at the hands of his aunt in Calabar; he had never forgotten it, and he had never forgiven it, nor would he until the day he died. He had never called his aunt ever, but he had spoken to her husband once, and Ezekiel had wanted to see him. But that was not possible－ they were not in the same league now.
By April, he went back to Lagos, straight to Lekki, and there was Lawrence at home because phoenix had arrived back very late. They had their time to catch up on what they had missed from the lives of each other, and then they went into Lawrence’s room and sat down before the TV on which played Sridevi’s shocking Bollywood snake movie Nagina, to talk.
‘Ali Hassan has done a lot of damage to you,’ Lawrence told him plainly. ‘You should never have tried to cast the man out in the cold. He’s got a lot of dirt on you, and he’s willing to continue using them.’
‘I know,’ Phoenix replied. ‘I was stupid then, to think that there was nothing about my past there that won’t come out now to bite me in the ass. The man is already pulling the chains on my career, and I must say that he’s almost done quite a lot of damage because some very high-ranking members of the Actors’ Guild are clamoring to have me banned from ever acting again in Nigeria.’
Lawrence looked furious. ‘That’s very bad for you, and it’s all because of that ass-licking homo man.’
‘I will handle him when the time comes,’ Phoenix said coldly, his eyes narrowed, staring straight ahead as he thought of what to pay his old protector back with. ‘That man is the least of my problems. Thank God that when he started with the crap, I just flew underground and had some very nice time with my family. Everything has already blown over.’
That night, the two men went out to the White Phoenix which was packed with the usual crowd of very beautiful men and sexy young women who were all out in the night for some same-sex love. They were all stunning, as they should be, for it was no news that gays took much better care of themselves than their heterosexual counterparts ever could. A loud cheer rose in the air the moment that Phoenix stepped in, looking resplendent in black velvet, with jewels at his wrists and on his fingers, his eyes lined with deep kohl. He was the king here for all these young men and women who, scorned by the society, ridiculed by their friends and family if they ever found out about their sexuality, had come to his hangout to be who they truly were and be free.
And then there was Henry Johnson seated off at a corner table with his closest friend Richard Oke, sipping beer. Phoenix smiled as he thought about what the other guy would think if he were ever to find out that the majority of the guys and the babes that frequented the White Phoenix were gays, but he merely winked at them and got onto the dance floor, with those there screaming and hailing him as he did a slow dance number with a leggy young fashion model from the University of Lagos who was stunning, one of his good friends, and also a lesbian who had admitted to him that she could not bear the touch of a guy sexually. But by merely looking at her you would never know that.
Later on, after Richard had had his fill of Life Lager beer and left, Phoenix sat down with Henry and they talked.
‘Why did you leave?’ Henry asked. ‘How could you just pack up and get out without telling me of your plans? And now, because of how crazy you made me, my wife suspected me of having an affair with you because I was acting like a crazy man and babbling your name in my sleep. And I had to fuck her for over an hour and look into her eyes and lie to her.’
Phoenix was barely listening to the guy rant about the myriad of problems he had with his wife because he had his own Phoenix problems to think of; he had to set his life in order. ‘After I returned to Lagos I called Anthony St. Claire but he had his stupid bitch of a secretary screen the call, and then he sent me an email telling me that he couldn’t put me in another movie. To him, I have become like dynamite, and waiting to explode at any time, and he doesn’t want me to contaminate his earnings with my negative popularity. They are all getting ready to dump me. Will you help me talk to him, please?’
Henry nodded stonily.
And then Phoenix smiled, for he knew that even though Henry was furious with him, there was nothing he wanted that the guy would not do for him. ‘Thank you,’ he said, and there was this new question at the tip of his tongue to ask Henry about what precisely had happened with Fiona, but he kept mum, because he did not wish to muddle still waters.

CHAPTER TWELVE
Henry must have really talked to Anthony St. Claire for the big man called Phoenix and fixed a lunch date with him at Ikoyi. And then the two of them went about talking about what new dig he may possibly have for the actor. The man agreed to star Phoenix in a new production, but the payment fell below what the actor was used to. When Phoenix complained, the man reminded him that he was taking him on as a risk.
Phoenix had no choice but to agree, thinking in his mind that Anthony St. Claire was a mean bastard who used whatever leverage he had to fuck with people. When he was done with the man, Phoenix drove straight to the offices of the Vanguard for a press conference he had scheduled with them, and then he told his story over coffee and cakes, calling Hassan a liar and a cheap rumor-mongrel whose stock-in-trade was character assassination. He then emphatically denied that he was a homo－ which was really the truth even though he had slept with men in the past and was still doing Henry because the guy had the keys to make him or break his salary in the industry.
Having gotten that out of his mind, he went back to the White Phoenix, took out his laptop and then he typed out a few other emails to some gossip online rags who had been after him for a long time to give them a comment about the rumors that was flying out of Ali Hassan. When he hit the Enter key and the email flew off into cyberspace to the over fifty email addresses he’d sent it to, he picked up his phone and speed-dialed Ali Hassan.
‘Well well, if it isn’t the delectable Phoenix,’ Ali Hassan said on the third ring. ‘You disappoint me, my love; I was expecting your call sooner than this. Where have you been?’
‘I’ve been out of town for long,’ Phoenix said wearily. ‘I just got back and so I had to go and talk about what you’d said about me.’
‘Why on earth would you do that?’
‘It is because you are a liar. You had lied about me to the press, and they had lied about me to their readers. I may yet sue all of you.’
‘It was a very bad idea for you to think you can cast me out of your life and cast me out like scum,’ Ali Hassan snapped, and he sounded really pissed off. ‘I don’t have a guy to warm my bed at night, and you of all people should know how hard it is to find willing partners in this town.’
‘I can hook you up with a number of the guys that come to White Phoenix and I know that many of them are waiting to get laid. They’re waiting for big cocks, for tops like you to come and get them and fuck them. All you have to do is to come there, make your choice, and whoever you want will be yours for the taking.’
‘No.’
‘What exactly do you want from me?’ Phoenix exploded, his fist banging down on the tabletop with great force. 
‘I want you, my dear. You’re the third person I had the pleasure of sleeping with, but you’re the very best I ever had, and I ever want. Come to me, or there are always pictures to send to the newspapers and the online bloggers. Those pictures tell the story of your life at the Drummer Club. Come to me, or you will regret it.’ And the man hung up.
Phoenix held the silent phone to his ears, and there were tears in his eyes, misting his vision so that everything appeared blurry, and he was also shaking, as much with trepidation as with anger at the way the man was now blackmailing him. How could Ali plot to destroy him and everything he’d worked so hard with his pure display of malice? He had worked so hard; he had sweated like a pig in the heat, turning up the full talent he had by practicing roles before the mirror for no less than four hours every day, perfecting moves and looks, studying the old Hollywood players that were the very best stars from as far back as the forties and the fifties, knowing what had made them the symbols of power that they were. Now, this Hausa animal wanted to have him wash all that down the drain just because his uncircumcised penis was in need of his ass.
The day passed in a blur as men and women trooped in and out of the establishment, and then it was the time for him to go and see his old friend. In spite of the fact that it was raining heavily, with raindrops as big as bottle caps peppering down, he got into his car and drove from the club down to the Lagos Island where the Northerner lived. He snapped open an umbrella, climbed down from the car, and the bitter cold of the April evening bit into him, making him shudder.
Ali Hassan’s property was fenced round, a rarity in Lagos Island since the price of properties here was quite high, but the man had been very lucky because the house had passed down to him from three previous generations of Hassans. It was cordoned off the main street with a wrought-iron gate and the actor stepped into the compound which was lined with coconut trees, and he hurried up the lighted driveway up to the front door. 
Phoenix lifted his hand to the brass knocker on the door but before he could pound it to the wood, the door was thrown open by the tall Northerner. The man smiled, revealing a set of strong white teeth in the Northern darkness of his face. ‘You decided to come,’ he said. 
‘I am not that stupid.’ Phoenix snorted. ‘If I had chosen not to come, what would you have done next? Had me killed?’
The man nodded, amusement written into every line of his face. He waved the actor in, and the younger guy followed the man into the warm house that was lighted up by yellow bulbs suspended on the white-painted ceilings. They went into the comfortable, overstuffed living room with its modern décor and a sepia-toned picture of the man in a roomful of snakes which hung over the dining table. An episode of Jessica Alba’s Dark Angel was playing on the TV screen, with the volume turned down, and there was a half-full bottle of sherry on the table in the middle of the room.
‘What exactly is it do you want from me?’ Phoenix demanded as he folded his arms across his chest and glared at the older man who had settled down into a comfortable-looking cane chair. ‘Did you want me so desperately that you had to go and start to pull such a stunt? That is so unfair.’
‘Life is so unfair,’ Ali Hassan reminded him. ‘By the way, aren’t you going to sit down?’
Phoenix scowled because he could not trust the man with anything again. ‘No, I am perfectly fine where I am. I have a lot of subjects to discuss with you and if what it’ll take is a month for us to discuss the weather before you listen to me tell you what I really want from you, then fine. But you must promise to stop what you are doing to me.’
‘Then come back to me, Phoenix. Let us continue things from where we had left off and forget all about this enmity we’ve had. Come and sit down.’ Ali Hassan patted the space next to him and beckoned to Phoenix.
Phoenix felt his eyes narrow to slits as the thought went into his mind that he had merely wasted his time by coming here and hoping to talk some sense into the man. There was the sheer folly of his attempt; Ali Hassan did not want to get back on friendly terms with him. What the man wanted was to get him back into bed, and he was not going to allow that.
Without so much as a word, he turned to the door, and then the clear voice of the other man halted him in his tracks. ‘Tonight I ask you to come back to me so we can make love and forget about the things that had happened in the past. Next time, you’ll be the one coming to me and crawling on your feet asking me to take you. Make no mistake about that, Phoenix.’
Phoenix turned to him, a small cold smile turning up the corners of his mouth. He could play this game; he had invented it. ‘To love and to war,’ he said, and then he turned and left.
He had made a declaration of war against the man, and he knew that he had to steel himself, get ready for the explosion that may ring out at any moment from then. It rang true that you should learn to treat your best friend as if he might one day become your worst enemy. He had made that mistake with the Northerner, but he had gotten wise; he would never make that mistake again.
The next morning, when the newspapers hit the stands, the news was all over the front pages that Phoenix had bluntly denied ever being involved in a sexual relationship with any man. By the end of the week, the episode was all but forgotten, and the actor was once again in the fold. But he knew Ali Hassan very well: the first had been the preliminary into what he could do － a joke. The second would be the real doze of acid.
He called Henry and told him what he thought, but the love-struck man brushed it aside, telling him not to worry. Phoenix hated it, this dependence he had on the young married man, a person who was separated from him by a very wide gulf that may never be crossed. 
And the fact that he was now a movie star gave him much power, even more than many rich families could boast of having. There were people flocking to him from all angles, budding want-to-be actresses who wanted to be seen and snapped with him in the public. Of course, to please the paparazzi and those who said that he was a homo and wanted his head on a platter, he’d get the girl, and there would be fun appearances in the happening spots in town, and there would be pictures everywhere later on for people to eat up with their inquisitive eyes, and then if the girl was talented enough or good-looking enough, he’d help get her a spot into a new music video by some music star shooting some brainless crap in the VGC, or a modeling job, and then there would be the next girl waiting. 

THERE WAS AN old mansion there at Billings Street in Lagos Island which was one of the sets for the new movie Phoenix was working on. The house had been built in the late eighteen hundreds, and Phoenix fell in love with the colonial-style décor and look of the place. 
But there was a cloud over this: because of the fact that the house was located in the Island, whenever Henry came there on business, he would pack his car in one of the public parking garages where you paid hourly, cross to the CMS bus stop to board a ferry to the Apapa wharf, and when he was done, he’d come back, pick his car up, and then he would seek out Phoenix. The guy wanted some distance now because he did not want to be constantly reminded of the fact that he was loved more than the wife of the man who was doing him, and he felt bad when Henry complained that he felt stifled by his marriage to Fiona.
One day, the darling Rosalie Johnson paid a visit to the set. The cast was out in the manicured lawn on the cold July afternoon, and there was a light drizzle. They were all in a very foul mood because of the obnoxious director, one who was fond of making the lives of those around him a misery. And that was when the glittering red BMW sports car drew up to the gate, and for the moment, all attention was reverted to the sleek machine, right before the brief look turned into an outright stare as the stunning Rosalie stepped down from the car. She was turned out in a fitted knee-length gown that accentuated her slim figure, with the color matching perfectly with the color of her ride. She knew how to make an entrance, all right.
‘I hope I am interrupting nothing,’ she said as she walked towards the assemblage, her Chanel No. 5 wafting before her.
Phoenix tried to stifle the small smile that rose to his lips at the vision of this feline femme fatale; she was the nightmare of every married woman with a husband under the age of seventy, this forty-six-year old who was a go-getter. She was a woman who was set to conquer the world with her ruthless ambition and knack for doing the exact right thing. And it was what he wanted: the power she had.
‘Rosalie, darling, you look ravishing,’ he beamed at her, extending his arms right out to her. And she walked right into them with the theatrics of a theatre actress.
She kissed him on the cheeks, and when she withdrew, there was the blush stealing right into her cheeks. ‘Thank you, darling.’ And then she was talking about lunch with him, and he was agreeing to her suggestion immediately because he had to be with her and feed her ego. He had to massage her ego so thoroughly, she would be amenable to whatever he wanted her to do for him.
They went to Monique’s for a lunch of green salad, green vegetables, accompanied with red wine. In a roomful of young, beautiful women, there were sidelong glances being cast on her, and Phoenix pointed this out to her.
She waved it away as she was long used to the attention and often pretended that it wearied her. ‘By the way, there is this new article I have been seeing on the internet for some time now,’ she said as she took a dainty sip of her Chianti. 
Phoenix became instantly wary. ‘Don’t tell me about it; I don’t want to hear it.’
‘And the Actors’ Guild has convened a meeting once again to decide on whether or not you should still be allowed to continue acting in the country, what with all the controversy you generate even with your ordinary breath,’ Rosalie continued airily as if she hadn’t heard him speak or seen the pleading look in his eyes. ‘I know the members of the Guild with the juice over there, and I have pulled few strings, so I think they intend to leave you alone. But that Ali Hassan－ we’ve got to talk about him now.’
Phoenix heaved a ragged sigh, and he thought that he should have known that Rosalie Johnson was a woman who did not have the time to seek out the company of people like him just like that; she was after something. 
‘What do you want to know?’ he asked.
Rosalie drummed her French-manicured nails on the tabletop, a smile curling on her lips. But her eyes looked like marble; hard, flat, expressionless. It was like looking into a pool of opaque liquid. ‘What exactly does the man have on you?’ she asked, her voice cold. ‘Why is he squeezing you? What has he got on you that will make you to fear what he has to say about you?’
‘The man wants me in his bed but I have said no to him,’ Phoenix said simply, and through his intense brown eyes he watched the face of the woman for signs of revulsion or shock.
To her credit, she remained impassive. ‘I see; the man wants your ass in his bed and you’ve rebuffed his advances. He’s hurt, so he’s aiming to hurt you the way you hurt his vanity. That is very low, but there’s the way it is. Is that going to be a problem?’
Phoenix looked down at his plate, saying nothing, his brain working at answers.  She wants to know if the man has the capacity to hurt your career, his mind yelled at him. He was elated that the woman had chosen to champion his cause, but he knew also that the woman was not doing it purely as an act of friendship; she had her own reasons to do what she was doing. He prided himself on being very well-informed, so he knew that Rosalie had gotten a huge chunk of Ethnicity Studios out of the hands and management of St. Claire. That was the reason why the woman did all she could do in her power to get him all the publicity he needed, why she was trying to help him get the problem of Ali Hassan out of the way. It meant more money for her in her account if he was in the good graces of the public.
‘Will Ali Hassan be a problem to you?’ she asked again.
‘Yes,’ Phoenix replied, looking the stunning woman straight in the eyes as he said this. He knew that this was a very dangerous moment because he could sense the coldness that seemed to be emanating from her in waves. And he felt the fear prickling at his consciousness, raising the hairs at the back of his neck. He was afraid for the man who had chosen to make an enemy out of him, because he knew that extremely beautiful women could be either extremely stupid or extremely dangerous. In this woman, he suspected the latter.
‘Don’t worry, darling,’ she said, patting his arms gently, a perfect little smile pasted on her lips. ‘Ali Hassan will be taken care of sooner or later.’
The words seemed to echo in Phoenix’s consciousness like the boom of a canon echoing down a deserted valley. He knew what those words meant; he knew that those gentle words spoken by the most beautiful woman in the country had an evil connotation to it.
‘And Henry seems to be so taken with you,’ Rosalie continued airily, as if she had previously discussed something as mundane as the weather with him. She was smiling now, and she was fanning her face with a red handkerchief, as if she was going to banish the July chill from her face. ‘It’s very good to have someone who cares a lot for you, but sometimes it can be such a burden, love is, getting you into a web you can’t seem to get yourself away from when you wish to do so. It can make you act irrationally; it can make you destructive.’
Phoenix shuddered, and the thoughts still was with him when he lay down on his bed that night. His room was steeped in profound darkness, and rain pelted down to the earth with feral force, lashing unmercifully at the windows. In the parlor he could hear Derek Ossai and Lawrence talking to each other, and he envied them the freedom they had to laugh at the world and be without a care. But in his own case, he was burdened down with the weight of being T.O. Phoenix, with his face and half-naked body splashed across billboards and the different range of products he had modeled for. He knew that he was loved by many people, but he had no illusions about the fact that he was hated by many more because of the stereotype he represented.
And what was it that Rosalie had said again? It can make you very destructive. It was a warning from the woman, but about what? Was she planning to do something irreparably bad to Ali Hassan? If that was so, then he had to warn the man, at least for old times’ sake.
He picked up his phone from beside his head and called Ali Hassan.
The man answered the phone on the second ring, as if he was really expecting the actor to call him. ‘I told you that the next time, you’ll come to me of your own volition,’ he said by way of greeting. ‘Have you seen the pictures?’
Alarm bells were already ringing in Phoenix’s mind. ‘What pictures?’ he asked, his eyes squeezing shut, his heart hammering in his chest. He felt like the Cartoon, Jerry, trapped by the Tom cat.
‘They’re all over the internet now. Have a happy viewing, and remember what I told you some time ago. Are you scared yet of what people will say? Or better yet, of what they will do if they got really angry at you?’
Phoenix hung up in fear, and then sat straight up in his bed, staring sightlessly at the glowing screen of the phone. A shiver whispered through him, and he couldn’t tell whether it was from the cold of the pelting rain or from the cold words of the man he had just called and hung up on.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN
Henry sat frozen on the chair in his office, his eyes staring at the glowing computer screen before him, his fingers entwined, his mind awash with dark thoughts. It was a cool day in September, a day that was meant for lunch outdoors with Richard Oke and some of their friends from the Mainland, but here he was, trapped in his office, his eyes glued to the picture of Phoenix that was glowing there on the computer monitor.
It was a black-and-white shot of the actor seated cross-legged on a low stool beside the vanity table in a small dressing room. And he was nude, right as the day he was born, and it was the actor as a very young person. It was the actor during the phase of his life when he had sweated out his days at the Drummer Club with the Ali’s snakes. Beneath the photo was a caption that was printed in block letters:
T. O. PHOENIX STARTED OUT AS AN EXOTIC DANCER IN A NIGHT CLUB.
Henry felt the fury rising within him, bubbling to the surface as he minimized the screen window and the offending picture shrank out of sight. The picture had given him an erection, as he was sure that it had given a lot of other gay men hard-ons across the country. There was already more than seventy thousand views of it on the internet, and more than three thousand comments, and so many of them were full of derision for the actor and severe criticisms for his antics.
Phoenix really will be the end of me, he thought savagely, his balled fist slamming into the palm of his left hand, his face contorted with rage. The rage he felt was against the bastard who had done this to the actor out of spite due to the fact that he had been rejected and cast aside.
He had to confront the bastard, perhaps give him a bigger doze of what he had given to that bloody reporter, and so, late that evening, after he had supped with the heavily pregnant Fiona and played with the twins, he got into one of his many cars, a black Honda, and then he drove to the Island. He drove past the compound where he knew that the Northerner lived in, searching for a parking space; he found one at the end of the street, parked there, and then he retraced his steps back to the house.
The house was dark because as usual, the NEPA had not deigned to bring the light, but there was a yellow glow in one of the front windows; a paraffin lamp was burning. He was walking towards the front door when he heard the voices arguing, so he stopped short, turned to the left and hurried away to the window that was emanating the light.
He peered in through the open window, and there stood Ali Hassan, his long, lean body trembling with fury, a dagger clutched in his left hand, his body poised to attack. Before him, pinned with his back to the wall, was Phoenix, an ice pick in his hand. He was breathing heavily, and on his stunning face was a look of grim determination; there was fear there, and there was pain, with hope, and the unmistakable flash of pure excitement that was pure maniac. It was as if he was watching a movie scene with Phoenix and the other man as the star players, but this was real. It was the real deal.
Henry felt long slivers of fear digging into his spine as he watched them, knowing that the scene unfolding before him was not a game. And then he watched, paralyzed with fear and horror as the older man advanced slowly upon the actor, coiled and ready to strike with his dagger, and Phoenix’s brown face was clenched, but there was a small smile curling at the corners of his lips. That smile is evil, Henry thought, sweat trickling into his eyes.
The guy looked ready for whatever was coming to him, his pupils dilated with expectation and the adrenalin pulse of the moment, his face clenched shut like a fist. His chest was heaving with exertion and effort, as if he was doing a fitness routine that was tasking to his endurance.
He mouthed the name of his lover, but he was still rooted to the spot, numb and paralyzed, his muscles refusing to respond to the command of his brain that he should do something. But he could do nothing. And it was then that he understood what it meant when a rat was said to be cornered to the wall.

HENRY WALKED INTO the room, and Phoenix was standing facing the window. Henry went to him and hugged him from the back, and he could smell the fresh soap that still clung to his body. Then Phoenix turned to face him, and the light from the rechargeable fluorescent light in the room was shining on his face. His eyes were bright and shiny, giving away nothing, like a moon-washed pool casting off the light of the moon. They soaked in all and gave away nothing, the eyes of the classic actor at his best.
He smiled at Henry, gave him that slow, heart-stopping smile of his that always melted his heart, and Henry felt revulsion coursing through him, and with it came a desperate longing for this angel-faced monster who he felt that he did not know anymore. Those bewitching eyes of the actor was watching him closely, giving nothing away and yet sucking all in.
‘Where have you been tonight?’ Henry asked, and the thought crossed his mind that he was crossing words with an actor, so he knew he had to tread carefully. The other guy was already a master at this game of words, so he had to be very careful of what he said and how he said it.
‘I’ve been here all night, reading through a torn copy of The Great Gatsby,’ Phoenix replied softly, so softly in fact that the words felt almost like a caress to Henry’s overheated skin.
Henry felt his smile spread a barn wide, but he was thinking in his mind: you are a bloody liar, you beautiful bastard.
Phoenix turned and flopped down into the nearest chair. He was looking up at Henry with those earnest eyes of his that often made Henry to lose his senses. ‘Have you seen the pictures that Ali had posted to the internet about you?’ Henry asked, at a loss for a better thing to say to his lover.
‘Yes, I have, and they were really annoying.’
‘Have you spoken to the man?’ Henry questioned, and he could feel his heart pounding in his chest. The test had begun now; the moment of truth had arrived. Now, he would know what Phoenix was really made of.
‘The man is real psycho bastard,’ Phoenix snapped, and the venom that was loaded into those few words shocked Henry beyond words. ‘He’s become obsessed with me, and when he found out that he could not have me, he decided to wage a very big war against me. Well, that’s his problem, because people are already seeing him for what he is－ an attention whore.’
Henry nodded thoughtfully, his right fingers stroking his chin. He wondered how the young actor could be acting so calm and so sure when he was supposed to be falling apart with guilt. ‘Well, have you seen him lately?’ Henry asked.
At the question Phoenix frowned as if in deep thought, then he waved one hand dismissively. ‘Oh, Ali Hassan, you mean? No, I have not seen the bastard, and I have no wish to see him again.’
And then Henry felt the blood in his veins freeze as the thought struck him that this guy he thought he knew, this man he felt he loved, was a total stranger to him. The guy had nothing but ice running through his veins, with a calculating mind that was capable of great evil, and he was also the best liar ever to walk the streets of Lagos. But he was also incredibly beautiful, and it was the love he had for the owner of that beauty that had made him to come here tonight because he wanted his lover to come apart at the seams with remorse and tell him the truth, to confess what he had done.
And in spite of the anger and the revulsion he felt, there was the desire hammering at him, hitting at him with crushing force, and he knew that he had to take Phoenix there so he could release the sexual tension that was building up within him. And the actor was not helping matters, sitting down there with that saucy smile playing on his lips and the secret knowledge that seemed to burn in his brown eyes. Phoenix stood up and touched him, and he felt himself almost flying apart at the touch with the intensity of the feelings that swept through him.
 As if he had somehow clued in to the thoughts racing through his mind, Phoenix kissed him. That kiss sent his mind spinning out of control, and he gripped the guy, crushing the strong thin body to his own muscular wall of muscle, his breaths almost slamming out of his chest as he gasped for air. He ripped Phoenix’s clothes away, thinking that the guy had the most beautiful body that was made for sex. He then divested himself of his own clothes, and he held the body of his lover, and he felt that he could not get enough of the kiss.
Then he was pulling Phoenix down because the pain in his loins was a trifle too great for him to endure; he wanted to have the guy so badly, it was all he could do not to go slowly and devour the guy whole so that they could never be apart again. Then he was rubbing at the naturally taut body, kissing at the lips that many women had fantasized about kissing and many men had kissed before him－ how many had dared to kiss those lips again after him? He was lost in that beautiful body, and when he finally took the guy, there was the explosion of stars before his eyes, and he felt that he could not get enough, never get enough.
When he finally found his release, he still held Phoenix, because there was this irrational fear in him that he could have lost the guy to Ali, that he had almost lost the guy to Ali. He pleasured the actor with his mouth, and he could see that Phoenix was a bit surprised, though he hid it well; in their relationship, it was Phoenix who was the giver of pure pleasure, and he the taker of the same, but tonight, he wanted to pay back.
Tonight was the night of payback for what had been going on between them for the past years. And it should have been a night for confessions too, but no, the actor would never get off his high pedestal in order to come clean about the sordid details of his life.
They had sex over and over again, and it was wild sex, hard and fast and furious. Henry drove into the guy hard, almost savagely. When he was spent, he felt the anger for his lover coming back again, and with it came the revulsion, so he dressed up and left the apartment to drive back to his house in VI. He could not stay there with the guy, for he felt that if he stayed, then he would put his hands around the neck of his lover and kill him.
The following morning, he went to work as usual, but something was dead in him; there was a leaden weight in his chest. Over a cup of coffee with his mother, they discussed some pressing matters pertaining to their business empire, appended their signatures jointly to some documents, and then he went to his office and tackled his work with an angry vengeance.
The hours flew by, and at 2 pm, his phone rang, and it was Rosalie. ‘Mother, what’s wrong?’ he asked without a greeting. He was short with her, as he sometimes was when he was in a foul mood.
‘I got a call from someone who said his name was Lawrence, and he told me that Phoenix has been arrested.’
 I was expecting to hear this, Henry thought, his shoulders sagging. ‘What happened?’ he asked numbly, but he knew what had happened, after all, he had been there.
‘The police had come over to their place this afternoon, and, without a warrant, they had asked him to accompany them to the station for questioning with regards to the death of Ali Hassan. The man was stabbed to death last night.’
Henry had already picked up his car keys and was heading for the door as he spoke. ‘Where are you now, mother?’
‘I am there at the station,’ she replied. ‘Are you coming? It’s the Area A Police Station, Ahmadu Bello Way, by Oceanography School. You can’t miss it.’
Henry hurried out in the afternoon heat, got into his car, and then he was off. Thankfully, the roads of VI were usually traffic-free at this time of the day when the executives were deeply ensconced in their offices, going about their daily work. He envisioned his lover sitting leg-shackled to a chair in some seedy police cell, with some pot-bellied police officer trying to beat the truth out of him, and he felt sick. As he sped towards his destination, he phoned Pat Atani, the attorney who usually handled the highest criminal matters and who had been a dear friend of his father when the old bag was still alive, and the man told him that he was already on his way there from the Bonny Camp where he had gone to see a friend who had just gotten back from Siberia; he was close to the station, so no need to worry. Obviously, Rosalie had called him.
The woman seemed to have wasted no time in getting the powers that be alerted to the fact that her pet boy needed to be saved. And that was the power of money and influence.
When he got to the station, Henry packed the car beside the glittering red BMW that belonged to Rosalie and stepped down, the breeze from the Bar Beach fanning at his face. Then he saw his mother coming towards him, and the wind was whipping at her hair. She smiled at him just as a glittering chauffeur-driven Land Cruiser Prado drove up and a distinguished-looking man stepped down from it. He was dressed in a blue pin-striped suit that must have cost a bomb, and, like most high-profile Lagosians who worked in VI and Ikoyi and earned the highest paychecks, he looked trim and glowed with good health, his skin light from little exposure to the sun.
They all converged together and after a few moments of quick dialogue, they matched into the station, with Rosalie at the lead, the wind still whipping at her hair, and Pat Atani bringing up the rear, his sleek mobile pressed to his ear. They got past the riff raffs at the front desk with astonishing speed, and then they were going in to the office of the ASP in charge. The man was an intimidating-looking fellow with a towering figure who rose for them as they entered.
‘Chief Okon, thank you for seeing us,’ Rosalie said, flashing one of her famous smiles. ‘Now that the attorney is here, I think that we had better wrap this up. I hear that he has refused to say something?’
The chief nodded; he was a man of few words and deadly action. He smiled back at the stunning woman, however. There was no person alive that could resist Rosalie when she turned on the charm offensive. ‘There was no need for the lawyer to have come; we merely invited the actor to come for a brief chat, that’s all.’
‘An invitation by the police to a civilian in this country is a clear order, and a friendly chat, as you so nonchalantly put it, can put a man behind bars because he could trip up and say something that he would not otherwise have said if he had his Legal Practitioner present.’ It was Pat Atani that spoke now, exuding authority.
Chief Okon frowned slightly, a player bested at his own game. ‘Well, if you say so, I agree with you totally,’ he said. ‘Last night, a man died in his home on the Island, not so far from here, as you all know. His chest was pierced cleanly with an ice pick. To all our knowledge, there seemed to be some kind of feud going on between him and your celebrity actor over here, so we have to know where he was last night.’
Rosalie chuckled as if they were discussing the weather and not the murder of a man. ‘That’s ridiculous! Phoenix would never do such a despicable thing!’
‘That’s what we’re going to find out,’ Chief Okon said coldly, his expression deadpan. ‘If you’ll come with me, Sir?’
He led them out of the office and down a sloping hallway lined with holding cells which held wretched person who were doomed for one thing or the other. At the end of the corridor was an interrogation room that reeked of sweat and blood and urine; the paint on the walls was peeling off from all angles, and it looked terribly gloomy. Henry fought down the urge not to gag, but the others, his mother included, kept their expressions deadpan. The room was bare of furniture, save for a stool whose legs had been sawed off so that any creature unfortunate enough to sit on it would be forced into a vulnerable squat.
On that stool sat Phoenix, dressed all in Goth black, his back bent taut, his face looking up at those entering the room with a glassy, hooded expression. Four men were standing around, a solid wall of harsh menace around him. At that particular moment Henry felt a very strong pull of emotion tug at him, so strong that he almost choked. He knew that in such conditions even the hardest criminals broke down, and the delicate actor was no criminal.
It was no secret that the Nigerian Police Force was ready to use any means necessary to get the necessary information out of anybody they had trapped in their clutches without the fear of reprisals from the Law since the Judiciary was lax about matters pertaining to the breach of the fundamental human rights of the country’s citizens.
‘Phoenix, I have some questions I would like to ask you, and please I need very urgent answers from you,’ Chief Okon said, and Henry shuddered at the tremble he’d head in his voice. ‘No more nonsensical ramblings about the fact that you know your rights and that you can choose to keep silent until your lawyer gets here. If you don’t talk, believe me, these men go make you talk true. Shebi you dey hear me so?’
‘What do you want to talk to me about?’ Phoenix asked in his low voice. 
‘Last night, one Mr. Abubakar Hussein received a call from Ali Hassan, and the man had told him that he’d been stabbed, that he was dying. There was no time for him to verify the statement, for the phone died in his hand. So, this afternoon, he went there.’
‘Was Ali Hassan all right?’ Phoenix asked.
‘No, he was dead. His chest had been pierced through with an ice pick, and as you know, we’re not so technologically advanced, so there’s no way to start analyzing the DNA on the weapon and checking for fingerprints. Nobody has admitted seeing anybody going into the house last night, and even if they had seen something, nobody’s saying anything. What we found at the place are numerous pictures of you in his house, and they were all very compromising pictures.’
‘The man was a homo,’ Phoenix said with a sigh. ‘And what you’re trying to say is that I had killed him. But please, let me clear up a fact with you. Maybe Ali had called this his friend and told him something about me, but even if that was true, it does not amount to a dying declaration of the deceased, the reason being that there was no way for Hussein or whatever you say his name is could have found  out that the man was really dying. He could have been setting up to die, and he wanted to pin his death on me, so what better way to do that other than to call this friend and heap his death on me? Besides that, whatever Hussein had said he’d heard is nothing other than hearsay, because there is nobody to corroborate what he’d said.’
Chief Okon now looked ready to commit murder. ‘I’m trying to find out the killer of a fine man who was murdered in his home, and believe me, I will find out. Did you kill him?’
Pat Atani spoke. ‘You will not put words into the mouth of my client so you can trap him into admitting to something he knows nothing about. Now let me also remind you that my client has his rights as guaranteed under the constitution of Nigeria, so he has the right to remain silent. You cannot goad him into making admissions that will be self-incriminating and will be used against him in a trial.’
‘He is not under arrest!’ Chief Okon snapped.
‘Yes he isn’t,’ the lawyer replied coldly. ‘At least, not yet. But the moment he says what you want him to say, you will get him hurled off to prison and have him prosecuted for the murder.’
Chief Okon nodded, bested once again at his own game. He looked towards the actor, who met the gaze unblinkingly. ‘Last night, a man was murdered in his house, and before he died, let me believe that he had told somebody that you were the one that had done it. Hussein is willing to put it under oath that the name the dead man tried to mention was your name, so that makes you the prime suspect.’
‘I did not do it,’ Phoenix said. He looked to Rosalie, and there was a pleading look in his eyes. ‘Tell them I did not do it.’
Henry watched his mother’s lips curl into a smile. 
She seemed to straighten as she spoke. ‘Phoenix was with me last night, so I do not think there was a way for him to be at Ikoyi with me and also at the Lagos Island killing a man. Or perhaps like he’s said, the man committed suicide, and he’s only trying to finger this young man here as his killer because he’d tried to get him into bed and he’d refused him. Everyone knows what he has been saying about Phoenix.’
Chief Okon sighed. ‘Are you aware of the fact that if I find out that you’re lying to me, I can have you arrested and charged as an accessory to murder?’ he asked the ex-beauty queen. ‘Or that I may get the court to have you prosecuted for obstruction of justice? You are a smart woman and a very beautiful one at that. You should not be getting mixed up in things like this.’
Rosalie nodded, and Henry shook his head and looked away, heading towards the door. It was only when he was outside again, that the horror and the intensity of last night’s occurrences came rushing back to him. The images came, fast and strong. 
There they were, Ali with his glittering dagger, talking slowly but intensely, and then he had lunged at Phoenix, the dagger slashing through the air. Phoenix had dodged the blow quickly and expertly, shifting to the far end of the wall, and still, Ali came at him. Phoenix had slipped right into his arms as if he was stepping into an embrace. When they came apart Ali Hassan had dropped to his knees, and Phoenix had stood over him, his face clenched as tight as a fist.  And there was the ice pick itself, buried to the hilt right in Ali’s chest.
Sweet Mary, what have you done? Henry had thought, then he had whirled round and fled from the scene. Thirty minutes later, he had summoned the will to drive over and see the guy, and the guy had acted all strangely calm and sure of himself, as if nothing had happened. And he had been the one with Phoenix, not Rosalie. Or had Phoenix really driven to Ikoyi last night to be with her? After Henry had left, had Phoenix called Rosalie, then driven over to her house to see her in order to stock up his alibi? Could he have been that cold and calculating? Maybe he was, if what he was discovering about the actor currently was any indication of what he was capable of doing.
He was the only one who had witnessed what had transpired between Phoenix and Hassan, so he was the one who could really break Phoenix, who could make the guy to serve a very stretch in prison for manslaughter; because Ali Hassan had really been trying to kill him. But could he do that to Phoenix? Could he do that to the one man who had taken his sanity? The one who meant more to him than anything else? 
He was the sole witness to a murder, and it was his testimony that was needed to get the actor hanged by the neck if found guilty until he was dead. But could he do it?
Then he heard the voices, and Henry lifted his face up to see that they had concluded whatever business they had in the station for the trio had stepped out now. The lawyer got into his car and the sleek machine zoomed off. As the car pulled away, the remaining two waved, and then the older woman and the younger man spoke for a few minutes, their voices low and intimate, and then they clasped each other in a hug before Rosalie got into her sports car. She had the roof retracted, and then she started the car and drove off with a screech of tires, heading down in the direction of the National Open University, which road also linked Lagos Island with Victoria Island.
For the very first time in his entire life Henry felt that he hated his mother. How dare the woman touch his lover like that? Who was Phoenix to her that she would dare to look at him with that puppy look on her face? And how was she involved? 
For he knew that she was in some way involved in what had happened. She was covering up the acts of her young friend, and she had the heart to do it.
Then Phoenix came over, a smile on his lips. ‘So you came here,’ he said. ‘Why did you bother? And when your mother had said that we had been together last night, I felt it at the tip of your tongue to say that she was lying for me; that you were the one who had come to see me and had fucked me half the night before you stole away like a thief. But I had really gone to see your mother.’
‘If I had said that like you had thought I would, then you would have gone to prison.’ Henry kept his voice cold, but even now, with all he knew about this guy, he still felt strongly affected by the sight of him. Then he remembered something. ‘What is your relationship with Rosalie?’
‘Oh, so it’s Rosalie now instead of mother, isn’t it?’ Phoenix asked, and his lips curled up in a sneer. ‘My relationship with your mother is none of your business.’
‘Damn you!’ Henry snarled, grabbing Phoenix by the collar of his shirt and slamming his back against the door of his car. But Phoenix being who and what he was, merely laughed at him. It was as if the guy was enjoying it, the rough-handling. The bastard would never fight back, would never hit back to defend himself. 
‘You’re jealous; aren’t you, Henry? You do not want to share me with your beautiful mother. Does it make you angry? You don’t want your mum to kiss the lips you’ve kissed, to touch the body you’ve touched, and please don’t let me get down to the other part of it. You don’t want your mother to touch or suck or feel the texture of the same penis you have sucked.’
Henry released him, panting heavily. He felt the anger surging through him at the way this guy was toying with him, and he could feel an erection coming on, but he had to clamp it firmly down because the actor was a dangerous thing, and it would do him a world of good to steer clear. If he was not careful, the guy would do him in. Phoenix was that kind of person. Phoenix would not hesitate to cut his lights out. 
Henry drew back. ‘Good day to you, Phoenix.’
‘I think you meant good-bye; didn’t you, Henry?’Phoenix said, and he was smiling, grinning from ear to ear like someone who had won the lottery.
Henry said nothing but just opened the car and slid inside it. He then looked up and smiled at Phoenix and the guy smiled back. It had been a quid pro quo: there had been the need for him to have the body of Phoenix in return for helping to shove his career into the light. Now, he had to go in order to retain his silence about what he had seen the actor do, because if he decided to break that silence, then Phoenix was a done guy. He would either be hanged to death or he could spend the rest of his life in prison.
For, the truth of the matter was the Phoenix was a murderer, and Henry wanted to have nothing to do with someone that had the guts and the gutter strength to kill another human being.
But then there was this small voice speaking to him at the back of his mind, telling him that if only he had done something when he had seen what was transpiring then that night, then perhaps the death of Ali Hassan could have been avoided entirely.

   CHAPTER FOURTEEN
Throughout the remainder of that year Henry refrained from calling Phoenix, and he did not see the guy. He considered the guy to be a dangerous thing, and so he was taking the necessary precautions to set himself safe. And to his consternation, Phoenix returned the silence with zero phone calls, nor were there any emails he sent to Henry like he had been doing when on the set of a movie.
But what he never reckoned was the fact that he was going to miss Phoenix. He missed the guy with an intensity that scared him half to death, and he hated it, this feeling of dependency he had on this guy who had upset the balance of his life. Phoenix is like a ghost; he’s haunting me, he thought. It was complete torture for him, this unholy, secret passion he had for Phoenix, and when the guy had walked away from him at the police station, he had taken a part of Henry’s heart with him into the sun.
By early December Fiona gave birth to another set of twins, another boy and a girl, and Henry was now a proud father of four kids. Though happy, he still craved the touch of that guy, and he knew that if he were to quantify the emotions and thoughts he had expended on Phoenix in monetary terms, then he would be a richer man because Phoenix had stolen all his thoughts from him.
That year, he refrained from heading down to Anambra with his family, and Rosalie locked up her Ikoyi home and came down to VI to stay with them. One day the woman went out for an outing with a group of her girls, and when she returned, her sports car screeching to a halt before the entrance, she got out, saw Henry reclining on a chair in the manicured lawn, and then she moved to join him. In her hand was clutched a magazine, and on the cover was Phoenix.
Henry sighed, for he knew that now was the time for him to talk about his lover with his mother and possibly warn her off if she had designs on him. ‘Mother, do you like Phoenix?’ he asked.
‘Of course I do. He’s got the kind of looks that will melt a woman. And besides that, he’s the nicest thing in shirts to be seen.’
‘Stay off him, mother; the bastard is not good for you. He is not what you think he is.’
Rosalie looked him squarely in the face, and she was all beauty and all knowledge, with that knowledge glowing in her eyes. ‘Are you warning me, Henry?’ she asked, her voice cold, icy. It was the ‘I am your mother, so don’t you dare play with me, kid!’ voice. She was pulling the Mother card now. 
‘I care about you, mother.’
‘Phoenix is very different from other guys,’ Rosalie said in a low, voice, her eyes shining with excitement. ‘He has this way of turning his entire attention on you as if you’re the only person in the universe. It makes a girl feel special, wanted.’
Henry was smiling when he heard this. It was so true. Phoenix had a way of making you seem like the only thing in the universe when he was with you. He could give attention like no one Henry had ever met, and he was magnetic, full of charisma when the mood was upon him. It was what had added up to make him what he was at that point in his career.
Henry leaned forward, his long tapered fingers on the tabletop. ‘You may like Phoenix, not as a friend but perhaps as a lover, but I am telling you with good authority that the guy is not good for you. He is a predator, not someone you should want in your life. Stay away from him.’
Rosalie’s face was clenched with a cold emotion that Henry could not decipher for the life of him, and he felt really sorry that he was butting his head into the affairs of his mother, but Phoenix was his lover, the person he loved and also despised more than he despised any other person in his entire life. So he had to do that, to warn his mother away from the abomination they were both committing; and then the thought crossed his mind: had his mother been having sex with Phoenix? It was unthinkable that Rosalie should be touching that body.
So he continued with each word, all of them like a hammer blow. ‘He’s too young for you, mother; he‘s even younger than I am, and at such, can even be your own second son.’
Rosalie was staring at him, her eyes hard and glassy, her smooth face a mask of blankness that was a shield that hid what she was really feeling. ‘You’re not my conscience; you cannot tell me what to do.’ Her voice was hard, like a whiplash.
‘I can, mother, and I will. What the hell are you thinking?’ Henry threw up his hands in a show of exasperation at her. ‘I don’t want you to corrupt him, or him, you. I don’t know what made you lie for him at the police station－’
‘What makes you so sure I had lied for him?’ Rosalie snapped. 
‘I know that you weren’t with him on that night because I don’t believe that he could have come to see you so late at night. I was the person who had been with him, and I could have just said so at the police station. And what if he really had been the person who had killed Ali? Would you have covered up for a murderer?’
He was looking straight at Rosalie as he said this, and he saw her face twist in on itself in what appeared to be uncontrollable fury as she glared at him. It was hatred that he saw in those eyes, one as pure as it was deadly, and he thought that she knew so much about death and murders, after all, her own husband had been murdered.
And then there was the thought too that had been swimming around his mind for years, that Rosalie knew more about the death of Chinua Johnson than she let on. He suspected－ he held it tenaciously－ that she had done something about her husband and had gotten her son what he wanted. At such, she understood about death, all right, did Rosalie. She knew a lot about the business of death and how to get the nasty deed done.
‘And what were you doing with Phoenix on that night?’ Rosalie asked, and her eyes were flashing with a knowing look that almost had Henry backing up. ‘Why had you been to see Phoenix at night when you should have been in bed with your wife?’
‘I have my own reasons for seeing him on that night, and also my own reasons for not saying something at the station,’ Henry snapped.
Rosalie glared at him, and it was as if she had something on the tip of her tongue to say to him, but she said nothing, and without another word, she rose to her feet and walked off, her spine straight, all thanks to her Bikram yoga routines and her anger, a proud woman who would not be beaten into submitting to something she did not want.
As she retreated, Henry allowed his face a small smile of malice. If she wouldn’t retreat and hands off from his lover, then he had the perfect victim for his blackmail, one who would not dare to disobey him. Perhaps he could not tell his mother what to do, but he sure as hell could tell another somebody what to do. He picked up his phone and called Phoenix.
The actor answered with his customary cool hello, and Henry plunged straight into what he wanted. ‘Phoenix, are you fucking my mother?’
‘Am I doing what? I beg your pardon.’ Phoenix sounded incredulous.
‘Well, honey, it sounds like this: are you sleeping with her, as in, she strips herself nude for you while you kiss her and touch her everywhere, and then you stick your penis into her?’
‘Why, no,’ Phoenix answered, and it was obvious that he was rattled. ‘Whatever on earth made you to think that?’
But Henry did not believe the beautiful liar one bit, after all, he was a seasoned actor. ‘She is my mother, and you’re getting too cozy with her for my liking. I want you to steer clear of her.’
‘If I don’t stay away, what will you do?’ There was the challenge in that silky voice; the old Phoenix he knew was back. The actor was daring him, like he always did, and it brought a small smile to Henry’s lips.
Quite calmly, as if he was talking about something mundane, Henry said coldly, ‘I will destroy you. I will get some of those Yoruba boys from Obalende, Oshodi and Itafaji and they will cut that your pretty homo face to pieces with a knife. I will have them rape you first, then cut you so badly, you will never want to see your own face again.’ It was stated very calmly.
‘All right, if that’s the way you want it,’ Phoenix replied. Then there was silence, and after some interminable moments of it, he continued. ‘Merry Christmas, Henry.’ Then he hung up.
And Henry knew that a part of him was gone, swept away like particles of ashes in the wind. He was losing his lover, the only person he had ever fallen in love with, and it was all for what had happened and the jealousy that had poisoned him. What was wrong with him? Why had he chosen to drive a wedge between the two persons he loved most in the world? Why was he unable to bear the thought of the two of them becoming intimate even though he knew that he had no right to feel that way?
He was a married man, with four lovely kids, and easily one of the richest tycoons in Lagos who controlled the fates of hundreds of workers, and he was losing his equilibrium to just one person. And that one person was the person that was the secret fantasy of so many men in the country who were bound by the chains of their culture.
And all thanks to Phoenix, his vision had sharpened, his mind clarified to the passions of same-sex love, and it was the sweetest. God! The forbidden fruit is the sweetest! At least that was what he thought. Phoenix had regaled him with tales of other guys like him, all of them married like he was, who rushed off to their offices and got one half hour out of the way in the arms of their male lovers before they began their day’s work. And how many times had he spun lie upon lie to Fiona just so he could go out and be with Phoenix?
He still wanted Phoenix in spite of all that had happened, so he waited for his lover to call him.
But throughout 2003 Phoenix never called him, and it threatened to drive him crazy. He lost count of the nights he lay awake in his bed beside his wife, who, readily influenced by Rosalie’s stunning glamorous looks, spent well on her sophisticated wardrobe, bought fitness and yoga videos, and some other gym equipments and worked out with him, thinking about the lost lover. He remembered vividly the red lips of the guy, the satin smooth, firm skin, and there was of course the hot sex that transported him to uncharted territory.
Driven by a very deep-seated sense of despair, he settled into his work, channeling his energy to his work and working out in his gym to exhaustion when he returned from work so he wouldn’t have to think about what he was missing. He bought more businesses, acquired more properties which he refurbished both in Isolo and Mushin and even as far as Ebonyi State. These he leased out at extremely profitable prices, but still, he found no fulfillment.
One day, he saw his secretary with a glossy magazine, and there on the outer back flap, was a picture of the stunning lover he missed every day. He was furious, and, two hours later, he was on the phone to the manager of the magazine.
‘I saw your magazine and I liked it, so I want to buy it,’ Henry told the man without preamble.
‘Sorry, but it’s not for sale,’ the stupefied man said.
Henry was furious with the man, but he kept his feelings under control. ‘I am willing to pay anything. What do you want for it?’
‘Nothing. Sorry.’ And the man hung up.
Henry called his secretary into his office and directed her to fish out all the competitors Joy had and when it turned out that he had only one serious competitor, he was on the phone to the manager. A week later, an alliance was formed with the man, and he made them slash the price of their magazines by half, and when they complained, he told them succinctly, ‘I am a very rich man. Forget about loses and do what I told you to do. Leave the rest to me.’
They did, and within a month, Joy was a white elephant no one would touch, and Henry knew the owner would call soon. The bastard did, and he purchased the outfit for less than half what it was worth. Then he merged the two together, bought it off entirely, and increased the prices of the magazines. He had a seasoned team of editorial staff to revamp the different brands, and in spite of the hike in the prices, people still bought. He’d made the magazine brands elitist, and people loved eliticism.
When Phoenix appeared in a TV ad for a small-time macaroni manufacturer, Henry was furious because he hated it that others could have access to the guy he no longer had any access to, so he went and bought off the outfit from the owner.
‘Honey, you’ve been erratically,’ Rosalie told him. They were having their lunch at a restaurant, and she was looking at him with concern on her face. ‘Are you all right?’
‘Of course I am fine,’ he answered automatically, though he had to admit that his mother had cause to be concerned about him because he really was acting strangely.
So the woman shut up and made no mention of Henry’s recklessness again. He tried to call Phoenix severally, but each time he lost his nerve and ended up hanging up the call or just listening to the guy say hello over and over and again until he hung up. It was sheer torture on his senses and he knew it, but he welcomed it anyway as he punished himself, for he loved to think that this was his lover he was talking to. The women who wanted him, all the hangers-on who wanted a piece of the guy were just wasting their time, for Phoenix was his.
Henry knew that Phoenix lived a celibate life because he had eyes and ears everywhere that monitored everything the guy did and reported to him. For a well-known celebrity in the decadent celebrity stratosphere of the country, Phoenix was a Virgin Mary, and Henry was proud of him. That was what he told himself on the nights when he feasted his eyes on his computer screen, staring at photo slideshows of the guy and sometimes jerking off to them as he conjured up the fantasies of his lover.
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
After that moment when they had parted at the police station, Phoenix knew that there was an unspoken quarrel between him and Henry; that something had happened to make the guy recoil from him as if he was the carrier of some loathsome disease. And then Henry had ceased all contact with him, and there were no more meetings or lunches. Henry withdrew totally.
But he was not in the least bothered by this, because he had his work to face. He spent very long hours going over the scripts that were heaped on him, reading through them over and over again so he could separate the wheat from the chaff. There were endless rehearsals and meetings with directors; the endless photo shoots he made for different organizations; the interviews and TV shows he was paid for, and the interviews.
Throughout 2003 he worked like a slave on all he did, a perfectionist who wanted only the best because he could not withstand whatever criticism that came from the critics. His friends all told him of how they wished his success on themselves, but he merely laughed, refraining from telling them that his work had robbed him of his humanity. By garnering success he had sold his privacy, the core part of him that was valued above all else, and it was as much a burden as it was a glory that he was recognized everywhere he went. His popularity, coupled with his cursed effeminacy which he could not grow out of like so many of the other effeminate guys he had met during his beginning years had done, was both his blessing and his curse, the sheer horror of his being T. O. Phoenix.
He received anonymous calls so frequently, of guys who told him in their broken English that they wanted to fuck him, and some that said nothing at all; some spoke very proper English. Once he answered the call and while trying to get the person on the other line to speak, he heard that low, deep moan that was a telltale indicator of some having sex. In sheer horror he’d hung up. He developed a morbid fear of answering his phone after that.
Lawrence was livid. ‘Don’t be stupid! It means that they all want you, and so what? You are easily the most beautiful guy around, and since they can’t see you, they might as well indulge their fantasies over the phone. Besides, many of these men do not identify as homo; they are curious and are too ashamed to say what they want.’
‘I don’t need their attention!’ Phoenix hissed, anger welling up within him, threatening to choke him up. ‘It is bad enough that God had created me to be a freak of nature－’
‘You are not a freak of nature,’ Lawrence said, and there was a look of pure shock on his face at the actor’s self-deprecation of himself. ‘Whatever made you to have that stupid idea of what you are?’
‘Do the birds fly?’ Phoenix asked rhetorically in a voice that lacked strength. ‘Does a man have a penis? Does a woman have breasts? Is a man supposed to look and act like a woman? We can go on with the list if you wish, but don’t insult my intelligence and tell me that I am not some freak to some people. Even my own brother hated me.’
‘So what if he had hated you! So what if a few twisted bastards think you’re some freak?’
Phoenix stared at his closest friend coldly, his lips compressed in a grim line. ‘Those few morons of yours hate me so much that I want to get a rope, loop the thing around my neck, and pull it tight. I get these contemptuous stares from people when I go out, and I really hate myself for the way I am, and it makes me to loathe myself and wish for the fact that perhaps death will be the better option for me.’ 
Lawrence’s features became twisted, the bones and the muscles of his face almost caving in on themselves. ‘That’s very sad, but you’ve got to understand the fact that there are those that still care for you. Henry is still there for you.’
‘No he’s not,’ Phoenix said bitterly. ‘The bastard chose to pull away from me. I remember the fact that one day, someone had told me that I was a very destructive force waiting to destroy everything that came my way; perhaps they’re right. And I will die first before I ever try to go to Henry again.’
Phoenix kept to his word. He never contacted his lover, though he sometimes felt the weight of the crushing loneliness getting to him and weighing him down. At those times, he knew that he felt tempted to pick up one of his cell phones and call the guy, but he always stilled his hand from such foolishness. He remembered how jealous Henry had been; how the guy had barred him from consorting Rosalie or else pay the prize with his life. He knew that the guy meant it; that Henry was the kind of guy that would be dealing with him mercilessly and yet shedding tears for what he had done. It was easy for him to compartmentalize the seemingly differing emotions Henry felt for him: the sheer, unadulterated love and the mindless, visceral hatred that would make him pick up his phone, call those Agberos and have them rape him to death.
 He had lost both Rosalie and Henry, both mother and son, though he managed to remain well-informed about their lives, all thanks to the world of the Internet information super-highway. He was well aware that, like a stone rolling downhill, Henry was squashing anything that stood like an obstacle in his path. The guy seemed propelled by some invisible force, and he had so many achievements under his belt and a lot of crippled businesses scattered in the wake of his triumphant march to glory. He was a media favorite, was this Henry Johnson, with his irresistible good looks and the body that he’d sculpted to perfection with weights, and he was the epitome of masculinity.
Phoenix was furious with Henry for having it all. There was his lover, the guy with the Midas Touch in business, whose praises had been sung to the high heavens, and who had been one of the best in athletics during his undergraduate days in the university, with that perfect male body an underwear model would envy and over whom many women under the age of sixty must have masturbated over in the privacy of their bedrooms, and yet the young man was a homo. Nobody knew that yet, and the guy was sheltered from physical and mental abuse because of the fact that he succeeded in fitting in. 
That was the most important thing; Henry fitted in. Henry would step out in public and women would swoon all over him. Gay men would lick their lips and in the privacy of their beds late at night, pull at their erect penises while thinking of running their fingers through his body. And no one on earth would even remotely suspect that he was gay. No one!
But behind closed doors, the perfect Henry Johnson was more homo than homo itself. He had been nothing but putty in Phoenix’s hands. He had even cried with the sheer pleasure of the mind-blowing sex at the hands of Phoenix.
‘You’re the very best thing that has ever happened to me,’ he had told Phoenix once. ‘I promise you that if the circumstances had been different, in a different place and a different time, I would have made you mine forever.’
 But Phoenix had laughed at the joke. And he had been right, because he had believed that he was nothing other than a temporal diversion in the life of his rich lover, and he was right. He focused on his work, and that was what kept his mind off of the troubles that seemed to be trying to render him crazy with the passing months. 
By the end of 2003 he had appeared in over 27 movies, over a hundred TV commercials and more talk shows than he could remember. Then there was the Best Actor award which came up in Abuja, an occasion he graced and snagged the golden trophy with a stunning leggy model in his arms, a girl he had met in Lawrence’s salon.
By February 2004 he had bought a beautiful one-storey building at the Alpha Beach Estate, a few kilometers away from where he had stayed with Lawrence for over five years. There was a grand Persian carpet on the downstairs parlor, and there were golden draperies to match, heavy chairs with gilts on them; there were abstract watercolor paintings decorating his walls and stuccos too, with more solid oil paintings paying tribute to his walls.  Because he loved the color blue, he had blue tiles on the spiral staircase that led to the upstairs rooms, and potted artificial plants with faux blue blossoms oozing out of them. He decorated the house with very beautiful items, all themed into blue and brown, the blue for solitude and quiet, the brown for some contrast.
 Then when he was done with the decorations, he invited Lawrence over, and they went there to have their first lunch in the house.
‘Now, you and I are going to move in here anytime we’re ready to do so,’ Phoenix told the older man.
But Lawrence merely laughed. ‘No, I can’t move in here with you. You need your space, and you have to have it. I will be nothing more than a sore on your feet, and I know you wouldn’t want that. Besides, I love my flat.’
Phoenix cajoled the man, and he even threatened him, but the guy would not budge; he had to stay on his own, and Phoenix had to have his freedom. That was final.
‘You are young, and I am old, one of the older generations,’ Lawrence told him seriously. ‘I am practically ancient－ thirty-nine makes you feel old. That’s not supposed to be a big deal, I know, but still, the answer is no thank you for the offer.’
That night, as Phoenix stood leaning on the balustrade outside his new grand bedroom, his mind drifted off. He was a lone wanderer, one without anything to lean on because he felt that there had to be something more than being a very pretty face in the society, with the money and the admirers who all wanted something from him. He felt listless and sad, and he wondered if this was how those politicians who stole all the money in the country and made the laws which they themselves were not privy to felt when they were at the twilight stage of their hypocritical lives and each breath was more precious than all the gold and the money they must have packed into the numerous bank accounts they had in different countries were now of no use to them.
He wondered what his life would have been like had he been normal, like the other people he often saw, the guys that had no one to roll eyes at them when they walked past. He would have wanted to blend in with others rather than stand out like a freak; it would have been better for him even if he had been born gay. Being gay would have been better than being a freak who was basically friendless.
 He must have stood there for ten minutes or thirty when the phone beside him rang. It was Lawrence.
 ‘Dan is in trouble, dear. I know that you’re thinking that you’d seen him at the salon today but believe me when I tell you that it’s not important. He had told me that he had a meeting with a guy, and I’ve gotten a call from someone telling me that Dan is in the hospital. I think the guy was caught in the act.’
‘Caught in the act of doing what?’ Phoenix snapped as he began to pace up and down in great agitation.
‘I think he was caught when he was having sex with the date he’d gone out with this evening. All I know is that the person who had called me told me that they had been caught, and his partner had fled the scene and Dan had been too slow. Then some men there had gotten him beaten up mercilessly. Those at the hospital don’t know that yet; they just think that the guy was set upon by some crooks at the Apapa wharf area, and I intend to keep it that way. It’s too painful to think of.’
Phoenix could feel his vision blur and he sank to his knees in horror as the pain of what had transpired hit him with full force, like a physical blow to the guts. ‘Where are you now?’ he demanded as he flew to his feet with the rush of adrenalin that had swept through his system and raced into the room. His eyes were already scanning the still-unfamiliar surroundings for his car keys.
‘You must remain where you are, Phoenix,’ Lawrence said, and his voice sounded extremely calm and detached, as if he knew exactly what he wanted. ‘Right now the hospital’s alive with curious assholes who are wishing to get the entire juicy details. I have already called Dr. Awah, and he’s going to have Dan transferred to his private clinic first thing tomorrow morning.’
Phoenix knew Dr. Awah, a very skilled doctor who had studied in London and was gay too, though the whole world thought he was straight as an arrow. The kindly doctor had come to the White Phoenix often to have a drink and it was there that he hooked up too with his lover, a student of Architecture from UNILAG.
He paused in his frantic search for the idiot keys, and his mind was working. Dan would be in safe hands by tomorrow, of that much he was sure.
                                

CHAPTER SIXTEEN
As the years swept by, Henry Johnson continued to slip silently but surely into the deep pit of despair that had been dug for him the moment he drew away from Phoenix. He was alone in this, not that his family would have noticed, for Rosalie was interested in nothing else except keeping her stunning self more stunning and fresh, and she went at this with a sacred dedication; there was no fitness routine that she was alien to, no beauty secret she wasn’t privy to, and no antics she didn’t employ just to deceive the world as to her age, even going as far as demanding that her grandchildren called her by her name.
As for Fiona, she had gotten admission into the University of Lagos in 2005 to study accounting, so she lived in a one-bedroom flat at Akoka, Yaba, close to the campus five days a week, while she was always home during the weekends to be with the family. Her first set of twins were left in the care of the faithful Mrs. Oyono, the woman who had raised even Henry himself. Two years later, when she felt that the younger twins were old enough to be away from her, she left them too, and then she pursued her studies with zeal, and why won’t she? She had little troubles because she was never short for cash.
Henry felt all that was happening around him like a spectator, and he was desperately dying inside. He had thought that the thing he’d had with Phoenix was nothing more than a phase in his life, but it had turned out to be much more, and it was killing him. He missed his lover with each passing minute, each passing day. Every stunning male face he met reminded him of Phoenix, every light brown skin he saw made him to remember that firm skin and the taut muscles, and he then knew the meaning of heartbreak. He now understood what it really meant when someone was said to have died of heartbreak. He had been mourning the loss of his lover from that moment he had walked away at that police station, and there seemed to be no end in sight for him.
There were ways he could have tried to get back into the game, for Phoenix had taught him. ‘It’s all in the eyes and in the body language,’ Phoenix had told him once. ‘You should know when a guy is interested in you. It doesn’t matter how masculine he is, or how much he tries to tell the world that he hates homos; it always shows. The eyes will always betray them; it shows in the look, in that knowing look he gives to you maybe when you pass him on the street, or when you’re together. Or it could be when you’re shopping in the market, but it is that look that will always betray him. 
‘Then there is the body language, the way he prunes and displays his maleness when you’re around him. He may not even understand what is happening to him, but the point is that you can always know a homo when you see him. That is the essence of it. You will have to learn to know them, but please know that being a feminine guy doesn’t make a man gay.’
And they had laughed about it then, but he knew that Phoenix was right with what he had said and how he had said it. And the stab of desire he’d always felt, particularly with Fiona away, made him wish he could just go out and cruise for men to fuck.
One day, he researched on the gay issue with his latest camera phone, and then he called a Dr. Stevens, an American psychologist who had a lot of interest in human sexuality and who was currently staying at the Eko Hotel and Suites for a conference. He had already emailed the doctor about the issue of his sexuality using an untraceable Hotmail address, and the man had responded, telling him to call.
‘Ah, yes, Mr. Brown,’ the doctor said in a crisp American accent. ‘Your email interested me no end. So you’re gay.’
‘Yes. I don’t know what or who triggered it, or why, but I feel very attracted to men; I always have been.’
‘Let me ask you a very simple question, and please give an honest answer. When you were still growing up, did you ever have any encounter with men or other boys?’
‘No man ever had any sexual contact with me when I was growing up; I mean, nobody could dare to try such with me.’
‘Have you acted on those tendencies of yours, Mr. Brown?’
Henry could not prevent a small laugh from bursting forth from his lips. ‘Why, yes; many times. There was this guy I hit it off with perfectly, and I had sex with him a lot. I even think I love him very much.’
‘How old are you, Mr. Brown?’
‘I turned thirty a few months ago. Before you ask any further questions, let me tell you something about my life. I am married, and I have four kids－ two sets of twins; I love all the things that a man is supposed to love, and I do all that a man is supposed to do in his spare time like watch football or play tennis and lift weights with my friends. But in spite of all these, I am gay. Why am I gay, Doctor?’
There was a short pause at the other end of the line, and then the Doctor said coolly, ‘What you have is a case of what we in the medical profession call congenital homosexuality. In some cases, a man’s homosexuality may be determined by environmental factors, but in your own case, you were born gay. And you would like to stop being gay; that is why you wanted to talk to me, isn’t it?’
Henry sighed at the accuracy of the man’s thoughts. ‘Yes.’
‘Mr. Brown, please allow me to tell you this, and I wish to emphasize this to you very well. Homosexuality is not a disease, neither is it a disorder; that much any researcher can tell you of. For you to wish to cure yourself of it is something you may find very hard to do; in fact, it is impossible. Why do some people like vanilla ice cream and others like chocolate? Why do some men like only blond women and some women prefer only feminine men? Why are some men and women attracted to only those of the same sex? There are no straight answers, Mr. Brown; I want you to know that.’
They talked for some moments more, and then Henry hung up. And it was after that conversation with the man that Henry became alive again. That was when he learnt to enjoy the day and also to appreciate the beauty of VI which he had always taken for granted. He now knew that he was not a freak of nature, that there was nothing for him to do about who and what he was. He was a normal young man, and the only difference between him and the others lay in the fact that they liked pussy and he liked cock, so there was nothing to be done about it.
 The time swept by, with the days turning into weeks and the weeks into months, the months spinning endlessly, and yet he thought of Phoenix. No day went by that he did not miss the guy, and there was nothing for him to do about it. There was now a lot of technological advancement in the communications sector, so, with just one touch or click of the phone or the laptop, he could call up the hundreds of pictures of the stunning actor, and the videos too. He loved the guy, and he was really proud that the guy was doing so well for himself; that he’d gotten into the top spot and was able to maintain that top spot without budging an inch for the other upcoming stars was a miracle.
But would he see Phoenix again? Would he have the pleasure of looking into those intense brown eyes again and touch that skin? Would he able to ever get the actor to have his face lit up by that stunning smile of his, something quite rarely seen because of the fact that the guy was a perpetual prisoner of his perfectionism, that when it broke out, it was like a sun that broke through the wall he had erected?
          
                
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN 
On June 2010 Phoenix received an invitation to attend a party that was to be hosted by Anthony St. Claire in his palatial house. The man had sold off his control of the studio, and so he was giving a party to celebrate it and hand over to the new controller.
Under normal circumstances he would have refused to go to the occasion, because he was one that hated all the flash of parties, but he owed it to the great man to attend for it was with Anthony St. Claire that he had made his bones. He had to see the older man hand over the reins of power to Henry Johnson. How long ago had it been since he’d last seen his lover? Six years? Seven years?
The following Saturday evening he dressed up in a perfectly tailored black shirt and matching slacks, with a glittering black belt studded with jewels encircling his waist, and then he was set to go. With his silver Bentley coup, and the stunning model he’d gotten for the night, he looked a vision of the perfect movie star.
When he arrived at the Clair House, there were guests already everywhere. There were the men in their expensive luxury cars and even more expensively maintained trophy wives and girlfriends. The women were all dressed to kill, what with their coiffed hair and their perfect bodies which were maintained with the latest fad diets, fitness trainers that cost fortunes to maintain, and the older women who had to be kept good-looking with very expensive beauty treatments and yellow complexions gotten from expensive imported L’Oreal bottles and elbow-length Brazilian extensions sewn to their scalps.
Phoenix mingled with the guests, a bright faux smile frozen on his lips as he worked the crowd, and all the while he struggled to mask his boredom. With his leggy piece of feminine perfection planted firmly by his side－ she was bored too, which was surprising because he had pegged her to be one of those young women who would do anything to be in the limelight－ he walked the grounds.
That was, until he felt a pair of eyes watching him coldly. He paused as the hair at the back of his neck prickled, and then he saw the creature whose pair of cold eyes were fixed on him. It was a woman in her mid to late twenties, with a huge mass of upswept coppery hair that reached down to her elbows, a beautiful face that must have lost its natural deeper tone of brown to acquire the lighter yellow color that was favored by Nigerian women of the current times, and a firm, trim body which was an indicator that she was one of the Lagos elite, for these set were those that did not believe that the plumper you are, the richer you were perceived to be. Her gown was an expensive DJ7 designer number in deep pink, and it looked quite sheer across some parts of the front, with a stunning feather train at the hem of it which brushed on the ground.
‘Della, darling, would you excuse me for a moment?’ Phoenix said to his companion, just as the young woman in the expensive pink gown swept towards him in high heels, her body radiating wealth and the over-confidence that came with it.
‘Phoenix, how nice to finally meet you for the first time,’ she said, and then she raised one hand to brush a lock of stray hair from her face, displaying inch-long acrylic nails that was painted the exact shade of her gown.
‘Fiona Johnson,’ Phoenix said to her in acknowledgement, and he saw her eyes flash with annoyance. His lips curled in a small smile. ‘Are you surprised that I would know who you are? After all, you and I are bound together by your husband.’
‘You have no right to mention Henry to my hearing!’ she hissed in a low voice which was intended only for him to hear. ‘I now know what Henry saw in you, if it’s true that what I suspected at one time is true of the two of you.’
Phoenix sighed. ‘What exactly is it do you think I am or was to your husband?’
‘You－’ she started.
But he cut her off. ‘Exactly, Fiona; you have no idea of what happened between me and Henry so please keep the disdain to yourself. There was nothing to what you are thinking, to what you might have thought at the time you thought whatever it was you thought of him and me.’ He fixed her with one of his signature cold looks that had been immortalized on the screens. ‘I only befriended Henry because of what he and his mother could do for my career, and when I had what I wanted from him, I ran away. As it stands, Mrs. Johnson, I haven’t seen or heard from your husband in over seven years.’
Fiona shivered at his words, as if her toned body had been invaded by an icy chill. She stepped back from him.
 ‘Yes, it’s true, and why wouldn’t it be so?’ the actor continued coldly, his body tensed with anger as if he was ready to spring at her. ‘You stand there with your bleached skin, your money, and that look of contempt on your face, and then you accuse me of sleeping around with your husband. How dare you? Do you know that you have put a stain on my reputation by calling me a homo?’
Fiona winced. ‘I did not say that,’ she snapped, but her defenses had cracked.
‘You didn’t say that, but you meant it. So, how about we tell your husband what you suspect of me? How about we ask him about that, you and I? I am quite sure that the Henry I know may turn very violent against you, or better still, he may admit it. Then what do you think will happen to you? You know then that whatever marriage you have with him will wash down the drain; is that what you want?’
‘No!’ Fiona was now trembling slightly, and Phoenix knew that he had hit a nerve; was it possible that Henry had turned violent towards her in the past when she’d brought up the issue of homo before him?
‘Fiona, do not look so sad, my dear. You are a very beautiful young woman, married to a man many women would give their teeth for, and what if you really have accused him of doing what you have running through your mind, do you think he can do that to you?’
‘No.’
‘Good; that’s because it’s the truth between us. I have nothing to do with your husband－ I never had and I never will. Do not hate me unless you’ve had the time to be with me and formed an honest opinion of what you think for yourself.’
He was smiling at her as he said this because he knew that he was lying to her about the relationship he had with Henry, but he felt that he had to do what he did because he would not want her to be gripped tenaciously by the horror of it that she’s be unable to function properly. He had saved her sanity, and he felt he had to be thanked for it. Then he turned and walked away from her even though she had whispered for him to wait. What was he waiting for? What further business did he have with the wife of his former lover? What did they share together apart from the fact that they had shared the same body, kissed the same lips, sucked the same penis; was she into fellatio?
As his mind kept on drifting, that was when he saw Rosalie Johnson, standing off to one side, engaged in deep conversation with a very handsome young man who was so pretty that Phoenix already knew that he would be a catch for the gay men in Lagos. He stared at her, his mind reeling as if from the shock of a physical blow. There she was, the sexy manipulative Rosalie, her cloud of dark hair framing her beautiful, unlined face, her neck and her wrists bedecked with jewels. She looked incredibly good, trim and fit, the thin material of her gown wrapped around her figure like a glove. It had been years since he had last seen her, but he hadn’t expected her to continue looking stunning and hot. She was fifty-four, but she looked at least fifteen years younger than her age. More importantly, what was she doing here?
He pivoted around so that she wouldn’t see him, and then he began to weave his way through the crowd of partiers to the main mansion which was roped off from the grounds where the party was in full swing; the house was off-limits to the guests save for a few close friends of the movie magnate. As he approached the front porch from which a uniformed guard glared at him, he suddenly stopped and looked up sharply to the terrace, aware that someone was watching him.
And there, standing as still as a statue, was Henry Johnson.

   CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
The night was black because of the erratic power supply, and the weather was cold, almost bleeding with unshed rain. But that was not what Henry was interested in as he stood staring at the yellow house across the street, the wrought-iron gate that kept out trespassers hanging half open. To his mind, it was as if the house with its lush surroundings were a living breathing mass, beckoning to him invitingly.
Phoenix was inside that house waiting for him to come, and he knew that he had to no matter how scared he felt he was, or how unsettled.
He reviewed what had happened on the night he had finalized the change of power of Ethnicity Studios with Anthony St. Claire and had come out to the terrace which was flooded with artificial light to receive some of the balmy evening air that was circulating outside. And then he had spotted Phoenix, the actor looking dazzling and beautiful, talking to his wife Fiona. The shock of seeing his lover after the passage of so many years had been so great that for a moment he could do was stare at the pair as they stood there together. He stood there watching them, and then Phoenix had gotten away from Fiona, and the guy had continued to make his way to the house; suddenly, Phoenix was looking up and then Henry found himself looking into those intense brown eyes that he had missed for years.
Phoenix’s face had registered no emotion; there was no shock, no recognition and no pleasure in his face, only that unreadable blankness. Then Phoenix had broken eye contact and had turned and walked away. The beast had dared to walk away! It was as if he had encountered a stranger on the road, one that was nothing more to him than something he’d stepped into on the sidewalk, and he had turned and walked away.
That night, for some reason only she was privy to, Fiona had clung to him, almost desperately, as if she was about to lose him, and in compensation for her love he had made slow, tender love to her. Then she had cried afterwards, but she wouldn’t tell him what the problem was, making him to suspect that perhaps there was something that the beautiful guy had said to her, but he dared not ask her about him. He was afraid that he would re-open old wounds to start bleeding anew.
Heaving a sigh, Henry crossed the street and slipped through the dark gate into the compound. He walked straight into the house, the strong smell of jasmine and roses seeping into his senses. Moving past the elegant foyer, he walked into the living room through which white light shone from a florescent lamp on a table. He had never been there before, but he seemed to know where he was going to without having to be told. He knew where to find the person he was looking for.
T. O. Phoenix stood facing the windows, his back to the door, his eyes watching the night. He was dressed entirely in flaming red, and he seemed to have been waiting for Henry for he said: ‘Henry’ and then turned round slowly to face him.
Phoenix’s eyes looked like baked bricks, and his face was clenched as hard as a fist, shuttered totally. Henry thought that his beautiful face held a lot of secrets, words that should have been spoken when he and his mother went to bail the bastard out of the police station and cover up what he had done. It was that secret that had made Henry to pull away from him, and it was also that secret that had kept them away from each other through the years. The actor should have stayed gone, but he was here now, and now was the time of reckoning.
‘I saw you stab Ali Hassan to death,’ Henry said coldly. ‘Why did you do it, Phoenix? What drove you to go and stick that thing in his chest? What made you to do it? I thought it was just the special kind of person that can think to kill another person, but I never pegged you for such a special person.’
Phoenix kept quiet, but there was that cold look on his face, that look that hid all the tragedy in the world and kept the fans begging for more of his performances when they saw him act. It was him at his classic best, the hard guy of the screens, sure of what he had to do and how he had to do it.
‘And then Rosalie lied for you; she covered up for you even though we both know the truth; that I was the one that had been with you on that night. I had fucked you, but we had chosen to keep that a big secret between us. And then we had both kept that secret. We are accessories in murder, you and me.’
‘That night, I had gone to his house to talk to him,’ Phoenix said, his voice barely above a whisper so that Henry almost had to strain to hear him. ‘I wanted to give him what he wanted so he could leave me alone and stopped dragging my name in the mud the way he was doing at the time. The man told me to strip naked, and I had to obey him to the letter. He stripped too, and I thought that he wanted his pleasure. It was what our relationship had been based on while it lasted, really.
‘He came to me and he told me to kneel down and suck him off. So I knelt down, and I did as he asked me to. When he had his pleasure and came in my mouth, he ordered me to pleasure my own self and get my own release, and I had to. He made me go slowly while he watched me go at it, and then I came too. But I felt filthy, abused, something that had been used. Then he ordered me to get dressed. I did what he wanted me to do then because I was really under him and he could do with me what he wanted to do with me. He had me in his power then and he knew it, as did I.
‘Then he started to talk. “You are the one man I have ever loved,” he said to me. “Oh, how I loved you. I would have married you and kept you by my side had the society not made this impossible. It is an abomination, something never to be thought of. But I think I have found another way to make you mine.”’
‘What did he mean by that?’ Henry asked, curious now to know what had really happened there in that room, why his lover had chosen to take the life of a man without even blinking as he did it.
‘He told me he was going to kill me because he had to make sure that no man or woman ever touched me again. And then he told me he was going to kill himself afterwards. He was going to dump my dead body somewhere and then go back home and commit suicide. That way, it would be a murder-suicide, and we would be wedded in death. It sounded perfect to him.
‘And I looked at the deranged man and swore to myself that I was never going to die for anybody in this world. He had picked up the knife on the table, and he was telling me in that creepy voice to stay calm, that there was no way I could just ever escape him even if I wanted to. And the man was really strong, and I had to defend myself from the man who wanted to kill me, so I picked the nearest weapon at hand and turned to defend my life. You were there and you saw the rest of what happened. But you had been a coward and had chosen not to help me even though you could have stopped him from doing what he wanted to do with me then.’
And Henry felt the bitter pill of pain and shame swimming down his throat. He knew that the actor was right; that if he had chosen to do something then nothing would have happened. Or at least nothing that drastic would have occurred. But still, he felt that the young actor could not justify what he had done there that night.  
‘You could have given yourself up to the police or owned up to the crime you committed when they had invited you to come to the station to talk to them. Your lawyer could have been able to raise the defense of self-defense and made it stick.’
Phoenix laughed. ‘Oh, and who would believe me? This is ridiculous, and nobody in his or her right mind would believe that the man had been trying to kill me and that I was only trying to defend myself from him when I took his life. One homo man is dead, and he was killed by the stereotypical gay man who has his bitch face plastered all over the screens. The press would love this.’
As Henry looked at that stunningly beautiful face which had been the only thing that had rendered his life worth living, Henry knew that Phoenix had said the truth. Feminine men were often fixed as the stereotype of the ultimate gay male in the country, and they were made to suffer for it. It did not matter that they may be straight as an arrow. And there was no proof that Ali had really been trying to kill him, so the odds were stacked so high against him; there was no doubt that he would be made to burn for what he had done.
‘I killed Hassan, yes, but I had to have done it or he would have done it to me,’ Phoenix said, and his voice was very icy. His eyes were burning with the light of defiance too. ‘I had to destroy him before he destroyed me, and it’s the same thing you would do to anyone that tried to do same to you.’
‘You are not a monster,’ Henry said quietly. ‘It was your soul that had made me to love you. But now . . .’ he broke off.
Phoenix smiled. ‘I know that you despise me very much, and that was why you walked away from me when you did. But I would like to know if you would sit back and watch someone who was trying to destroy you to get away with it or of you would strike back and get them first before they got you.’
Henry said nothing.
‘Ah, so you’re not going to answer. That’s fine with me. But I would have you know that I did not go there to kill the man; he had attacked me, so I had to retaliate and save my life before he took it.’
But still Henry said nothing, and then he watched as the incredibly beautiful face of the actor unclenched and then seemed to crumble into a million pieces. It was his ultimate look of tragedy and insecurity, and all these was due to the fact that he was one who could never bear to hold his own under criticism because of the barrage of merciless criticism he subjected himself to. Henry wanted nothing more than to take the guy in his arms and console him, but still he stood there and did nothing. Let the actor be both the accuser and the punisher of his own soul; let him punish himself there. Henry had nothing to do with it.
God, how desperately he wanted to believe all that Phoenix had told him, all that had dropped from that delicate-looking mouth. Yet, he had seen Phoenix kill. And there had been that look of pure maniac in the lovely brown eyes as he took the life of a man. There had been no remorse, just sheer exhilaration that he’d snuffed the life out of another human being. 
It was not a game, then; that Phoenix had driven that thing into the chest of the man and he had done it coldly. What would stop him from doing it again?
And he had to do well to remember too that Phoenix was a very seasoned actor, one of the very best there was, so he could just be putting on an act like he was used to doing. He wanted to believe that his lover had killed Ali Hassan in self-defense, but he was terrified of what he felt swirled round them at that moment. He could not forget the crazed look and the excitement he had seen in Phoenix’s eyes that night. What lived inside Phoenix was something black and deadly, and yet seductive enough to make you wish to believe in him and in what he was telling you. He was an actor who played his roles so realistically that you had to believe that what you saw him do on the screens was real.
Now, there was no way for him to know what the guy was doing, whether he was for real or had slipped into the role of actor once again.
And yet, there was the possibility that Phoenix could be saying the truth. Hell, with the bastard actor, anything was possible. The bastard could well be saying the truth!
At that moment the NEPA chose to bring on the electricity and cries of ‘Up NEPA’ rose through the street outside. In the sudden harsh glare of the overhead lights, Henry blinked, and Phoenix was there, standing in harsher, brighter focus. The guy was like mortal sin and sensuality both wrapped up in that brown, lissome body, an irresistible seductive being that had delighted Henry in so many unprintable ways that had made him so devastated and lonely during the years they had spent apart.
A small voice at the back of his mind was whispering to him that he had his wife at home, but still, the man that tempted him to sin was someone he could never resist, and he found himself involuntarily moving forward and embracing Phoenix.
There was the smell of the guy’s perfume that permeated his nostrils, and he was whispering the name Phoenix over and over again. Then he drew back to kiss the man he loved, and when their lips met, it was like liquid fire searing through his flesh, and he let out a deep silent moan and drew Phoenix closer.
‘We cannot do this,’ Phoenix snapped, pulling away. ‘It’s been good while it lasted, but I must tell you that the fun is over. You’ve had your fun and I have had my money and received your insults and your threats, but now, it’s time to say goodbye.’
‘It was not all about the fun!’ Henry ground out.
‘Yes, you’re right. You’re a homo to the core of your being, but you’ve succeeded in hiding it so well by getting married to Fiona. But behind closed doors, you’re a homo and nothing you do or say in this world changes that. As for me, you’ve to understand that I can’t continue to be what you want me to be for you. I plan to settle down. I am twenty-nine now, and there are girls that are just waiting for me to snap my fingers at them. You have to get out of my life because you’ll continue to pollute it.’
Henry gaped with disbelief at the man he loved, and he felt the shock coursing through him. It was almost as if there were malodorous fumes being infused into his nostrils, and he seemed to be finding it hard to breath. He was silently screaming no in anguish as he continued to draw back, and it was as if he was now looking at Phoenix through a steamed mirror; he realized a moment too late that it was tears that had blurred his vision.
‘Phoenix, don’t do this to me,’ he begged.
‘What nonsense are you talking about?’ Phoenix snickered. ‘Everything does not revolve around you, and you know that. You walked away from my life after I had killed a man, and you were there when it happened though you uselessly did nothing to stop it; it’s not right for you to come back years later and try to talk me into submitting to you as if nothing had happened. Things had happened; people change too. It’s over between us.’
Henry shook his head.
‘What is wrong with you?’ Phoenix snapped as he threw his hands up in exasperation. ‘You are gay, yet you have four kids and a wife. Everything is working perfectly for you! I am getting older, pushing to thirty, and I have to settle down. You cannot expect me to be sucking your cock when I should be settling down. And know this too: the Nigerian parliament is in the process of passing the Anti-Homosexuality bill, making what you do a criminal offence. Don’t expect me to go to jail for you or for anyone because I do not intend to do that.’
‘Can’t you just give me at least one more chance with you?’ Henry asked, and he hated how desperate he sounded, how just like a needy chick his voice was like.
‘You’re not even listening to me,’ Phoenix flung at him angrily. ‘This has to stop! In this country, what you want from me is an abomination, and the people will not hesitate to kill you if you’re discovered. I know you remember Dan, one of the guys that worked for Lawrence. In 2004 he was discovered having sex with another guy, and that made him to receive the beating of his life. Well, he’s now in London, has been since then, and he would have been an object of scorn if he’d remained. He’s got a lover now there, and he’s out like the birds of the sky; that’s what he’s told me because we correspond with each other a lot.’
Henry understood what Phoenix was telling him, but still, it was like a soccer punch in the guts. His good looks would get him nowhere once he was discovered to be gay, and there was nothing that could save him from the wrath of people should they choose to set upon him.
‘I am not like you,’ Phoenix continued, and this time, there was the hint of a sneer in his voice. ‘I like women, but in your own case you don’t like them, and that makes us different from each other.’ He waved one hand dismissively. ‘Go and be with your wife, Henry, and make sure you forget about me. I am a murderer, but I had killed for the purpose of protecting myself from a man who had wanted to murder me all in the name of loving me.’
Henry stood there, a broken man, a trembling mass of masculinity, his heart singing a fast tune in his chest. He knew that the guy before him was right; that in Nigeria, there was no place for people like him. If he wanted to be with other men, then he would have to hope for another time, another world.
‘Did you ever really love me?’ Henry tried, for he felt that he had to be sure of at least this one fact because Phoenix was a guy who was as unreadable as a ruined piece of papyrus, with all his emotions carefully masked beneath that serene resting face he always maintained. With him, you could never be sure of anything until he chose to tell you.
Phoenix smiled, but there was nothing to show what he really thought, as per usual. ‘What do you think?’
Henry nodded and turned away, but he felt Phoenix’s hand on his shoulder, smelt his perfume. He turned back round, and then he walked into the embrace that waited for him, the very first Phoenix had ever initiated since he knew the actor years ago. They stayed in that position for a few moments, and Henry felt the contentment welling within him. But he wanted more, so he claimed Phoenix’s lips in a kiss, half expecting the guy to shove him back or to slap him or to do something to break the connection. But the guy did nothing, though he slowly broke away, shaking his head.
Henry nodded as the frustration boiled within him. How could he say that he wanted the guy when he had been the person that had cast the guy out of his life years ago? And he had been there watching Ali try to cut his lover up and he had been unable to do anything about it because he had felt paralyzed with terror. It was his entire fault; he berated himself now, for he believed now that if had done something, that what had happened would not have happened.
And he knew that he had to go, for there was no way for the actor to accept him back now that they were over with each other; what was he even saying? They had been over with each other for years. It was just now official between them, and it occurred to him too that it was possible that Phoenix had slammed the door on him many years ago, and he had gone around thinking that he was the one with the power, that it was him and not Phoenix who had walked away. How could he have stupidly mistaken what Phoenix had said to him at the police station before he had turned away and got into his car and driven away from the guy? Phoenix had known then that it was over; the actor was an extraordinarily good judge of human character, so he had known.
Goodbye, Phoenix.
He turned away and headed for the door, feeling the eyes of the guy burning holes into the back of his neck with the intensity of their brown blaze of fire.

 CHAPTER NINETEEN
Henry walked into the living room of the palatial home he had inherited from his dead father, and there was Rosalie waiting up there, settled on a settee with a novel, waiting. He smiled at her, but her face remained impassive and beautiful, as per usual. She was one of the very few women he had seen who had refused to look their true age, and he was proud of her for it, though he could never fathom how such a woman could have given birth to a faggot like him.
Rosalie flashed him an alluring smile, one he’d learned the hard way that she always gave out when she had an agenda to pursue. She was truly the perfect specimen, with no chips in her nail polish, her clothes perfectly tailored to fit like a glove. She was the perfect woman, the ideal that many women of the country could only dream of being like but which would never really happen because they could not be bothered to start taking such extraordinarily good care of themselves like she did.
She rolled her eyes and then floated up to him with her unconscious grace of movements that had always turned heads. ‘There is something I’d love to discuss with you,’ she told him without preamble.
‘This had better be important.’
‘Oh, but it is, darling,’ she replied cheerfully. ‘I have employed some perfect screenwriters, and they had to brainstorm in order to get the perfect concept that will be a hit from the studio, as per usual. What they managed to come up with is so brilliant that I was shocked it had never come to me sooner. It’s a gay story, with two men being in love in this ridiculous country.’
Henry was struggling to control the anger he was feeling at the things his mother was saying; had she joined them too? ‘What are you trying to say, mother?’ he asked guardedly.
Rosalie clapped her hands with childlike enthusiasm as if she had single-handedly devised a cure for AIDS. ‘It will be the very first movie in Nigeria featuring a gay man with a story to tell to the world. The publicity will blow you away when the time comes for it to happen.’
‘And you’re telling me this because you wanted to have in on it, as per usual. Who is the lead actor you had in mind for this?’ 
Rosalie looked at her son as if he’d gotten deranged. ‘Why, Phoenix, of course! Who else did you think would be able to pull this off?’
Henry could almost swear that his jaws had dropped to the floor right then, as he felt the anger boiling up within him as he felt how right Phoenix had been when he’d said that nobody really cared for whether he was really gay or not; the point was that the guy fit into the stereotype of what people perceived the gay man to be. 
‘This is the height of craziness!’ he exclaimed. ‘What makes you think he’ll agree to listen to you rant about what you’re ranting about now? And even if the thieving bastard were to choose to agree to this hare-brained scheme, how much do you think that the guy will be looking at to collect from you?’
‘Henry, Phoenix is a very practical person, as am I, so he’ll see the big picture,’ Rosalie said confidently. ‘I got in touch with him and we’ll meet together later to discuss the proposal. Even if he were to dare to refuse the thing, then there is always someone else to snag up the role.’
With a very weary shake of his head, Henry stood up from the chair and left his mother to her devises. Good luck to her with the actor that had claimed his heart. He went into the private office he had in the house and flopped into the nearest plush chair, his head held in his hands. He could smell the leather of the richly bound volumes that adorned the shelves, books that had belonged to his father when the man was still alive but which had now been passed on to him by inheritance. Treasures they were, all of them, heavy volumes that spilled out Philosophy and Religion and Literature, and of course, books on human sexuality.
He felt shattered, broken down, and gelatinous with mental fatigue, and there were tears blurring his vision as he drew up the images of T. O. Phoenix from the inner sanctum of his mind. He remembered that stunning face with the high cheekbones, the talented angel who had committed an act of murder but had chosen to say nothing about it; and why had he kept quiet? Why had his act of self-defense driven a wedge between them when they could have gone around gallivanting all over the place and having fun?
Why was Rosalie now interested in the gay question too? The woman was a businesswoman first and foremost, so she was to be expected to know these things; she had to know the things that made the society tick so she could capitalize on them and get her cash. She must have known that the gay question was one that popped up at all times and in all places, with the hypocritical masses making huge mountains out of the natural choices that individuals had made in their lives.
And she knew too that there was only one person in the whole of Nigeria that could play the role of the perfect gay man for the screens and the people would have no option other than to gobble it all up greedily. It did not matter that Phoenix had gotten beyond her grasp after he had been threatened by Henry; what mattered now was the project at hand and the money they could make from it, plus the awards and the recognitions.


 CHAPTER TWENTY
Henry touched his tie to make sure that the knots were in perfect position as they should be, and he felt Fiona doing the last touches to her looks with a small compact mirror which she had pulled out from her Kate Spade bag. But he felt that it was not necessary as a hair and makeup person had come to the house to do her looks and get her picture-perfect for their night out. Anyhow, she as a woman and women loved touching up their looks, no matter how expensive the makeup artist was, or the surgeon that did the last “job”.
‘Oh dear, I forgot to kiss the kids good night,’ she said as one bejeweled hand flew up to pat her high-piled expensive mass of Brazilian red hair into place to make sure that not a strand was out of place. 
Her fashionably thin body was poured into a shimmering Givenchy creation that left her shoulders bare and clung to her body like a second skin. A cloud of Chloe perfume exuded from her in suffocating waves that almost had Henry coughing, though he refrained from saying anything so as not to offend her vanity. He wanted to comment that her Givenchy was so ridiculously expensive, she should not take it off the next three weeks. Get value for the money.  But he could not say all that—that would hurt her feelings, given the time and money she’d poured into looking like for this event. 
‘So did I, honey,’ he said instead, his body inching close to hers for reassurance because of the apprehension he was feeling. He knew that Phoenix was coming to the Actors Guild of Nigeria Award Night since he was the one they all were there to honor because of his dazzling performance in the latest movie he’d made: Fatal Attraction. He was terrified of what he’d feel when he saw the other guy, for he was sure he would see him. You couldn’t attend such events and not be seen.
The thought of the guy had his lips curling in amusement as he remembered that his mother had almost expired from apoplexy when the actor had named the hefty salary he’d wanted to be paid. There she was, wailing like a Banshee about how ungrateful and greedy Phoenix was, and he’d merely told her that since she was the one that had wanted to get the guy involved in what she was trying to do, she had to pay his price. She had hemmed and hawed, but in the end, she had given in; and boy, was she glad! Henry hadn’t remarked further, but he was glad too that she’d paid Phoenix his dues.
After the ten-week extensive shooting of the movie to the ridiculous expectations of T. O. Phoenix, Henry had gone for the screening, right before it would go to the Censors Board for final cutting and then it would find its way into the cinemas. And he had to say that Phoenix was a real breath of fresh air, and he knew that the world was waiting with bated breath for the release since it was to coincide with the recent proposal by the National Assembly for the criminalization of all homosexual acts in the country. It had been timed perfectly; the release of the movie to coincide with the heated debates on the floors of the National Assembly. The international community were already up in arms against the proposed Bill to criminalize all same-sex affairs in Nigeria, and Fatal Attraction would be a fascinating piece to be added to the debate. Which meant more publicity, more viewership at the Cinema houses spread across Nigeria, more interviews for the actors, and more money for the Studio. It was a perfect arrangement. 
The chauffeur-driven car purred to a stop before the red carpet. Photographers, press secretaries, journalists, and gossip bloggers from the major popular lifestyle blogs in Nigeria waited for each entrant, pens and notepads ready, cameras poised at the ready to capture each titillating moment. Henry and his wife alighted from the car but not before Fiona had taken ten seconds to get out from the car, flashing the view of her fair, toned legs for the cameras to flash at when she was still inside the sleek car. It was a gesture Henry knew she’d been practicing for ages, and he found it amusing that she was trying to play the sexy starlet of the screens when she was not. She was trying so hard to fit in, and in all fairness to her she was now being noticed by the bloggers and the gossip columns. She now got her face in blog posts, her attire and fashion sense becoming narratives for discourse by Lagos’s Fashion editors and bloggers. 
After they’d stepped and waved, posing for snapshots as their chauffeur eased the car forward and away from the entrance, heading towards the designated car part, a Bentley coupe pulled up and ground to a halt with the screech of tires. T. O. Phoenix alighted from the driver’s seat, letting a uniformed usher take over the wheel. 
The actor was dressed in azure blue and with him was a young woman who was as tall as she was thin, her butter-light complexion a testament to spa treatments and body pampering, her erect, hard-looked poise an indicator that she must have walked the catwalks as a model. She seemed to be so perfectly fitted to Phoenix, it was as if they had been created for each other. They were swamped immediately by the reporters there, and flash went the cameras, hundreds of flashes. A volley of questions came from the reporters, the air thick with cloying perfume and expectations. Questions were hauled from all directions. Phoenix kept up that small smile that was his signature look.
‘Phoenix, now that the anti-gay bill is about to be passed, what will happen to the movie?’
‘Phoenix, is it true that you’re now lovers with your Canadian co-star, Andrew Young?’
Phoenix kept smiling at them all with that look of utter serenity and calm that he always invariably gave off, and then he was talking, telling them to wait for the official statement that would be issued from his publicist. But for now, there was nothing he could say to them that could not wait for later. Then he turned and matched away, his companion in tow, both of them talking and laughing with an intimacy that seriously wounded Henry’s senses.
‘Talk about charisma,’ Fiona said. Her perfectly drawn eyebrows were lifted in an arch while her eyes followed the fast retreating figure of the effeminate actor. 
With a snicker, Henry pulled her along, stopping before the press to give the necessary smiles and the waves that was expected of him as the person he was in the society, then he moved into the hall. Fiona’s attention was immediately claimed by Rosalie Johnson who was perfectly turned out in a floor-length creation that was molded to her thin figure, the carefully placed rhinestones that formed flower patterns that intersected through the length of the gown shimmering with each carefully measured step she took. She was the queen of elegance, and she had engaged the forces of that elegance with full force and alacrity tonight. She is a former beauty queen, after all, Henry thought. 
Henry got engaged in little conversations here and there, and then after the polite interval of nonsense chitchat had passed and he found he could run away if he chose, he excused himself from the persons that were forming circles around him. He grabbed a flute of Chardonnay from a passing waitress and then repaired to the balcony from where he watched the proceedings and those that had chosen to come in fashionably late so they could be the most noticed. There were comfortable chairs on the expansive balcony, with lots of heavily scented artificial flowers. He drew in lungfuls of the scented petals, his eyes closed, his mind floating with the weight of his own thoughts.
In his mind, he was thrilled that Phoenix had deigned to come to the place that evening; after all, he was a Bankable star and did not need to come and bow to the directors who were all there prowling for the asses to fuck just so they could hand out very little favors to the starving actors who were desperately in need of their favors because they wanted to do anything that was possible just so they could get into the limelight and become the known faces in the movie business. It was a dog eat dog world that they lived in, there in Nollywood. You had to eat or be eaten, and the fact that you considered yourself harmless didn’t mean that others would leave you alone. Turn your back, even for an instant, and you were meat for the other starving actors who would do anything to replace you. Phoenix had explained all these to him, and as head of a reputable movie Studio, he’d seen the cutthroat competition first hand. 
Henry let his mind drift back to his secondary school days when he had an effeminate classmate, a beautiful, thin, smiling boy who was “different”. The others always taunted Sochima because they had learnt to fear and hate anything that was different from what they were used to. They were the macho boys with the newly forming muscles, deepening baritones and forming facial hairs while he was the soft, delicate one with the smooth complexion of a blossoming girl. They had a name for the boy then: Homo. Henry had dished out his own beatings and taunting to him because he happened to be one of the very happening boys in the school, one of those that “belonged”, so that had given him the license to pick on Sochima as if he was a sort of natural aberration. He had been one of those that wanted to “correct” the abnormality in Sochima. 
As he thought back to those, long, bygone years, he wondered if really Sochima had been gay. Did being girly as a boy make you gay? What if the boy had been as straight as an arrow in spite of the fact that he was girly? And even if he was gay, so what? Did that make him any less than the person he was meant to be? Wasn’t Henry himself gay? Wasn’t he the same thing he’d fought so hard against? Didn’t his penis prick up and throb with passionate desire whenever he saw a naked male body on the Internet?
Suddenly, Henry’s eyes flew open. He felt a pinprick sensation at the back of his neck; eh felt the presence of someone else with him there, that he was no longer alone. In the shadowy darkness of the balcony, he turned his attention to the right, and Phoenix stood at the other end of the balcony, staring at him.
‘You were lost in thought when I came in here so I had to stay still and not disturb you,’ Phoenix said as he fixed Henry with those intense brown eyes of his.
‘I was thinking about you,’ Henry admitted with all the levels of truth he felt he could muster, walking to the other guy and leaning against the railing beside him so they could both stare into the night. It was a comforting feeling, him standing here with this guy, his first love. 
‘You had better stop this because you’re not doing yourself any good by continuing to think of me because the thing you want to continue will never happen again. Not in this life or in the next life, as they say.’ Phoenix laughed and threw his head back, his eyes crinkling at the corners. 
Henry swallowed as the pain that came with what the one beside him had said hit him like a hammer in the chest. ‘Did you think I chose this life for myself?’ he demanded. ‘Why would I－or any other person for that matter－choose this kind of life for themselves when they know the full implications of what the society thinks of them?’
‘But still, you are one,’ Phoenix said with the cold, ruthless logic he was known for. ‘Do not try to make it worse than it already is for you. You are one of the very lucky ones; no one in this earth is going to believe the fact that you get off on having sex with other men other than women. You are lucky; others aren’t.’
Henry ignored the rebuke that was hidden in the words. ‘Do you remember that you had said to me that you could hook guys up with other guys who wanted to be hooked up with potential lovers there? I think I may be interested now, since you have no wish to have me again. Or do you intend to change your mind?’ He had said those words to elicit some kind of reaction—he had hoped for jealousy and possessiveness. 
Phoenix looked at him and smiled, saying nothing as he was often fond of doing to people; he loved to keep them waiting so that they were forever left in suspense with him, never knowing what to expect. At that instant, the young woman Phoenix had come with entered into the balcony and greeted Phoenix in a low voice. Henry got a good look at her, this young woman who had taken away the affections of his lover from him. She had natural good looks, he’d give her that, even through those layers of makeup she wore, and he found that he hated her for what she was, for the fact that she was free to love this guy in the open and even receive the blessings of the public for that fact while he could not dare profess the same love to Phoenix. 
He was unaware when the two of them left him there and turned away to go and join in the party with the others. He should be joining them, he knew, but he wanted to stay here and enjoy the sorrow that had engulfed him. He felt the sorrow at the fact that the guy he loved was now forever away from his reach, and he understood it, though he did not forgive it. He understood the actor and also other countless, faceless, non-existent guys like him who were hiding in their love for what they wanted, and there was the fact that they could not be given any recognitions whatsoever by the people because they were considered to be taboo.
Tossing back the remnant of his drink down his throat, he dumped the flute down to the nearest receptacle and then he turned to go in. The attendees were on the expansive dance floor, the movers and the shakers of the Nollywood industry, all of them dancing away the night as if they had no sorrows, their perfumed bodies pressing against each other, laughter suffusing the place. He caught sight of several faces he knew; Onwenu was speaking to the busty Cossy; Dominic was laughing with Ramsey, their light complexions so alike that they looked meant for each other; he saw Charlie Boy baying at the top of his voice. The desperate wanna-be actors and actresses were there too, all of them left there on the fringes to mingle with each other and hope for the best; they had to hope to catch the eyes of one or more of the shakers, and Henry knew they were all willing to do whatever it took to get to where they wanted to be. Ah, dog eat dog world. 
Henry saw his mother Rosalie off to one side of the vast room, talking to a young man, and he thought that maybe she wanted to help him out, if he had talent, that is, but it had to be a scenario of quid pro quo between them. Rosalie was not a stupid woman, and he knew that this stunning man may well pass the bedroom test－ didn’t they all? － but if he failed to pass the screen talent test that would be the ultimate determining factor if he was to get his hot ass into the screens, then she would toss him out and hunt for the next guy.
And she had what it took to get her clutches into any guy she wanted to. She was a ravishing beauty even in her fifties, more toned and willowy and well maintained than even those who were three decades younger than she was.
Phoenix was dancing and talking to his companion, and when he saw Henry, he smiled; Henry smiled back. It was their way of saying that they had been lovers, but that now they could also be friends. That was what Phoenix wanted, but that was not what Henry wanted with the guy. Their sexual relationship had formed the basis of whatever it was that had existed between them, and now that it was finally officially over, they had to go their own separate ways. And it was all because of what Nigeria had made of them. It was over, so he now had only his wife to cling to; there was no lover to go to during the weekends when he wanted to unwind. He had nothing more to look forward to, no secret liaisons to prepare for. It had been like that for a long time, and how could he think that he could just change the way it was?
He turned away from the people dancing, threading his way through the throng of richly dressed bodies to the door, and laughter rang out behind him; they were having fun. He felt the gentle but firm pressure of a hand on his shoulder. He turned, his eyes taking in the figure of the young man standing before him. The young man was simply but elegantly dressed, the cut of his clothes accentuating the lean, trim figure under it. He noted the taut, hard nipples through the shirt the guy wore as well. He was a very handsome young man, with his chiseled face smooth without being feminine, his eyebrows full and arched above a pair of almond-shaped eyes that held a hungry sexual look.
Remember the eyes, Henry. It always shows in the eyes of the person, so that gives them away always. Never forget that.
It was as if Phoenix was there with him, his voice whispering the secret language that only the homosexuals could understand. It was the look of pure invitation, and it was one Henry could tell for what it was. 
‘My name is Anthony Achike,’ the guy said, and there was this smile on his face, one that said that he was in the game, ready to be played. . .hard. ‘I heard that you’re currently looking for those to help promote the new products you’re now importing for Lagos women so they can look younger. I can help with the TV advert; I am a model. I want your help, and I know you want mine. I’m willing to do anything to show I am worthy.’
He might as well be saying: ‘I want you to fuck me senseless,’ Henry thought.
He looked at this guy and the guy looked back at him with boldness and a directness that was daunting, and inviting. Henry felt his mouth already dry. He was lost.
I love you, Phoenix, but I think I have to have this.
Henry smiled back at the guy in invitation. He could already imagine fucking this guy and getting it on with him, but he knew that it would be all about the sex and nothing more; he could never love this guy. He could like the guy, perhaps, but it would never get down to the level of love. And perhaps that was what this young man wanted as well: to either spread his legs for a good fuck or have Henry spread his for a good fuck. Either way, mere sex didn’t make a man gay. But Henry knew that for him it was more than sex. There was no way in the world that he could love another guy the way he had loved Phoenix; the actor had sucked away everything he had in him for that. But he could surely get down, sweaty and dirty with this guy. Nothing stopped him. Not Fiona—he was ­sorry for what he was doing to her! But he couldn’t help it!
He heard the sound of his phone chime in his pocket, and he extracted the thing to see a white envelope flashing on the screen, signaling that he had a new message. He clicked on the message, and the words filled the screen, all in block capitals.
“I MAY HAVE LOVED YOU, OR THINK THAT I DID. BUT WE GOT TOGETHER BECAUSE YOU WANTED SOMETHING FROM ME AND I FROM YOU. LET US LEAVE IT AT THAT. YOU ARE A HOMO, AND I FEEL SORRY FOR YOU, FOR YOU ARE TRAPPED IN A LOVELESS MARRIAGE. ME—I AM FREE. YOU CAN LEAVE YOUR MARRIAGE AND LIVE YOUR LIFE.”
He did not have the number saved in his contact lists, but he knew it was T. O. Phoenix. Only Phoenix knew who he really was, that the outward sexuality he presented was a scam. This message—was that a joke? But one thing he had to admit was that Phoenix was right: he was gay, and he was trapped in a loveless marriage he would love to get out of. Imagine being married to someone you have zero sexual attraction for. Imagine having sex with a body that does not turn you on. God! He was well and truly trapped, and Phoenix knew it. The bastard was also right; they had gotten together in the first place because they had wanted something from each other—Phoenix had wanted money and had wanted to rise to the stars; Henry had wanted to know what it felt like to touch another male body, to kiss another male body, to inhale the musky scent that was all-man, to taste the dick of another man, to insert a finger into another man’s puckered hole.
 However, it had gone beyond that. He had fallen in love with this Phoenix. He had loved the actor and had been willing to do anything for him, and now it was over? Just like that, it was over? He had to now focus on Fiona, a young woman who had done nothing wrong to him but who he didn’t want to be with?
Henry sighed, unsure of what to do this time around. He could feel the eyes of the young man he’d seen still fixed on him very expectantly, and he was torn between what he had received and the fact that his flesh was pulling him.
With a shake of his head, he turned away from the young man, knowing that he could never get through with it. Everything had started with Phoenix, and everything would also end with the guy, not with someone else. He was a believer that a person had only one true love, that there can never be two loves for a man. But what if—?
He turned back to the young man. He pulled out a translucent blue business card from his pocked and extended it to the young man. ‘Call me next week,’ he ordered. ‘Evening. Around 6 PM. I will be expecting your call.’
He turned and walked away.
For him, Phoenix was it. After him, there could never be any other person in this life for him to love. But what if? What if something good could come out of this meeting with this Achike guy? What if he would get to kiss a man again? Touch hard, erect nipples and lick at rippling muscles? Inhale the musky scent of a man’s groin again while caressing buttock muscles that were hard and firm, not soft and full?
But even as he mulled that thought over in his mind, he had a nagging, sneaking feeling that this was just the beginning of his woes. He was trapped in a marriage with a nice woman he didn’t want to be married to. He had loved a guy who had murdered someone in the past. He was still gay, and no amount of gym workouts, drinks with other guys, macho talks or prayers could wish it all away. Something dark lay ahead, something nasty and sneaky, something that would rear its head and bite him in the face when he least expected it.
Henry went around to the car park and got the car keys from his driver. The man wanted to know if there was anything he could to assist him further, but Henry waved him away. He unlocked the car and got into the back seat. The leather seat felt cool and comforting, but Henry felt the riotous swirl of angry churning emotions weave through him. He balled his fists and clenched his teeth.
In this life, there are no happy endings, Henry. Especially for a homosexual in this useless country. You will never get a happy ending. That bitch Phoenix had said that to him once. Oh yeah, Phoenix was the regular Bishop, filled with cold, hard facts and brutal rationalization that had often left Henry’s head spinning. And in spite of how he wanted to disbelieve the actor, he couldn’t disagree with Phoenix. There were no happy endings for men like him in Nigeria. He knew that many homosexuals had fled the country for ‘saner climes’ where they could live and love in peace, but he couldn’t just up and run. He had his family’s empire to run, and he was married. 
Jesus! Married! The thought churned and roiled in his head like burning acid. Bile rose to his throat as the tears he’d tamped down finally flowed. He bit down hard on his right hand to make sure he didn’t give in to a full-scale wail, one that would draw attention. The pain that accompanied the tears was so strong and so profound, he thought he would die. Die from a harmful brand of love that he could not get. And it was all because he could not be with this one person he wanted to be with. 
As he cried, he thought: Hello Phoenix. Goodbye Phoenix. The thought repeated itself in his head over and over, in a continuous loop. 
I love you, Phoenix.
But that love was useless. Phoenix would agree with him on that, he was sure. Phoenix was a practical person, and he would waste no time in echoing Henry’s thoughts that his declaration of love was useless if there was nothing either of them could about that love.  
‘God, save me,’ he said, broken, his tears flowing. But he suspected that God had turned His face away from him. How can He love you when Nigeria says you are a freak? he wondered. How can He love you when your pastors say that you will burn in the flames of eternal damnation?
Even as those thoughts flowed through his mind, he was steeling his resolve. He was not a freak! He was a man, and he had achieved a lot more than many of the simpletons that sat in their decrepit-looking apartments with their sanctimonious noses in the air could have ever achieved. He had made some of the best movies in Nigeria, and he would make more. If being wired to love other men was what made him different, then so be it. So be it! 
He had a phone call to look forward to, and perhaps a day of passion; perhaps a new beginning. Or it could be the beginning of the end for him. Either way, he was a man who loved other men, and Phoenix had been a drug to him. He couldn’t give that up now. He was addicted. His body screamed for it. His soul yearned for it. And he intended to give in. But his heart yearned for one person, and one person only, and that person had walked away simply because of the chasm that separated them. Phoenix. 
                                          THE END

Note from the Author
Frankly, no book I have written has ever been as personal as this one to me, and the reason is simply because of the fact that the subject matter treated in it is something that the Nigerian society spends a lot of their energy on. Homosexuality in Nigeria is a topic that the government, the people, the churches; amongst others, expend a lot of energy on. On Facebook, Twitter, on blogs, people are involved in disputes about homosexuality in Nigeria. People bare their fangs and show teeth whenever the word “gay” is mentioned. Nigerians are the moral police, and that word “homo” is a taboo. 
The reason? I have no idea, though what I know, I put in to good use in the pages of this book. It was not really easy writing this work, given that the Gay theme has not been readily explored in conventional literature coming from Nigeria.
Yes, it is true that being gay is severely frowned upon in Nigeria. In 2014, Goodluck Ebele Jonathan signed Nigeria’s “anti-gay” law into force and it is still in force till date. Perhaps one day that law will be revisited, or perhaps not. Only time will tell. But you see the lives of gay men in Nigeria? It’s real. Gay men are in many cases trapped in marriages they would never have gone into save for pressure from family and friends. Gay men in Nigeria cannot live and love in peace—it offends the heterosexual senses. It offends the Nigerian society as a whole. Sad as this may seem, it is the situation on ground and many people can really do nothing about it. That same hopelessness and anguish is fully replicated within the pages of this book. I hope it will not sound too gloomy for you, dear reader. Just try to enjoy the story the best you can.
And if there are any errors in this work, please, they are all mine.
Thank you for reading, and please reach out to me via adrianbanks2008@gmail.com if you want to talk.
BEFORE YOU READ FURTHER, I NEED YOUR HELP.
I would like to ask you to write something for me with respect to Adamma—a review. It will take you a moment to jot a few words about your thoughts about this novel. Furthermore, could you please give it a star rating?  Reviews are really an author’s life blood because booksellers’ algorithms look at reviews. I really do appreciate every word, every star, every minute you spent being invested in my work and in the characters I created. I will deeply appreciate your review. Thank you for your time, and thank you for helping readers like you find my work.
WOMEN OF ETERNITY SERIES

Adamma

Forbidden Woman

Sirens




The spellbinding story of Adamma, the Nigerian singer whose public life is perfect, but whose dark, haunting past always rears its ugly head at all turns. For every success she marks, there is a darker history behind it, waiting to strike. Hers is a haunting, chilling tale, she who is trapped by a past she cannot escape, held in the present by a husband whose poisonous brand of love threatens her very existence, and whose future is loaded with uncertainty and living, breathing skeletons from a seedy past she desperately seeks to escape. Her devastating story is captured in Adamma, Forbidden Woman and Sirens.

READ ON FOR A SNEAK PREVIEW AT ADAMMA



The club floor was vast and packed with men. . .and women. A lot of the men had several bottles of beer and stout open before them; some were tipsy with drink while some held their drinks down easily. Many of the women—some of these women the companions of the men— laughed and giggled and downed bottles of sugared beverages. The more audacious ones gobbled up bottles of Lager beer, Heineken and even more alcoholic drinks and some even topped up the drinks with drags of flavored Hookah, the flavored smoke oozing out of their lungs and mouths in streams, the smoke rolling upwards into the air. The air was choked with the smell of beer, fried chicken, cigarette smoke, a clash of expensive oil perfumes and the acrid smell of sweat from the bodies there. Lights twinkled from the high ceiling in a mixture of colors, highlighting the nubile bodies of some of the female strippers and dancers working the poles and the bodies of the men—and in some cases, women—they were performing lap dances on.
The dancing girls worked their magic dressed in nothing but sheer panties, lacy bras, and high heels. Some were shimmying up the dance poles, their agile, athletic bodies contorting into different positions, their long legs spreading in splits, their long weaves being flipped over their shoulders as they held the attention of their audience. Some of the girls were on the laps of some of the men, their full butts rubbing at the front of the men’s jeans, their long-nailed fingers touching and caressing chests, stroking chins; their mouths whispering cash off the men’s pockets. The men were cheering, hands dipping into their wallets as they pulled out cash and flashed it at these nubile women. If they were lucky, some of them would lose their bras, so they needed to keep the money flashing.
A raised dancing platform occupied the far end of the room. Hard, instrumental music thumped out from concealed speakers at the room, while the girls worked their strong, nubile bodies to the beat. A woman’s voice sang to the beat.
Obi Obiekwe was seated with his back to the platform but he was strongly aware of the female voice. Even above the din of voices, above the thump of music and lusty conversations, the clink of beer bottles and loaded glass mugs of Stout, the voice held sway. The voice had the tunes right on, and the entire patrons and the women of the crowded bar were all seemingly captivated by it. The dancing women seemed to move to her voice; even the busty waitresses seemed to rhyme their movements across the dark floors to the voice. It was exotic and magnetic all at once, beautiful and beguiling.
The singing stopped abruptly, then the music changed, from the upbeat sounds previously thumping out to an exotic Middle Eastern beat. The lights got dimmer. Simultaneously, all the men cheered as if a favorite football club had scored a long-awaited goal. 
Obi glanced around, his eyes searching out the faces that thronged all around him. His eyes fell on the girl who’d emerged in the middle of the dais as if conjured up from a puff of smoke; he understood the reason for the instantaneous enchantment. With the way her chest was heaving, he was sure that she had been the person singing just moments earlier.
“Wow,” he breathed.
She stood there, her back turned to the room, her body draped from neck to toes in a veil of shiny tulle, the material so thin that it showed the outline of her body beneath it. Shiny jewels ringed her arms, the procession of the adornment so long they almost formed a percussion band; there was a snake bracelet draped around each of her biceps. Her head was tilted back, her thick river of black hair flowing around her, her hips moving and undulating in a slow, seductive rhythm that was as enchanting as it was exoteric. Obi had never seen anything like it, neither had he seen a group of men so totally taken with a woman before. 
 It was like watching a very long snake move languidly through the room, and she could move; she seemed to flow, from one move to the other. It was as if she was oblivious to the people in the room; as if she was alone and performing to herself and for herself. Her moves radiated mystery, as if she was performing a very slow, very sexy ritual only she was privy to.
She turned, the overhead lights playing on the jewels that were entwined in her long, glorious hair; it played on the ring of kohl that lined her eyes, and her body seemed to shimmer with reflected light in the semi-dark room. 
“Baby!” a male voice rang out.
“La hot!” another voice followed suit.
She was statuesque and fair-complexioned; her full breasts were outlined through the veil. The tulle veils strained against the luscious body that had been so carefully covered, and yet so artfully revealed; her long legs that seemed endless, but it was her chiseled face that drew the most attention. It drew Obi’s eyes and held it, causing uneasiness and even a shiver of shock to pass through him.
 Her chiseled face was framed in her long raven-black hair, a midnight curtain against her yellow skin; pouty, provocative lips outlined in a slash of red lipstick smiled out at her audience. 
Obi’s eyes went round like rice saucers and he leaned forward. “Wow!” he exclaimed.
Seemingly oblivious to the shock she’d caused in the room, she continued to move, her bones twisting and turning with a languid flexibility that seemed a vision of its own. Then the first veil came down, and if a pin had dropped in the room, it would have sounded like a bomb—the room was still and silent, the silence broken only by the beat of the music. The light-skinned body was revealed just a bit, and her bones seemed delicate, too delicate to be carrying the weight of all those curves that belonged on her body. Then the second veil came down, revealing the red velvet gown that clung to her body like a second skin; the outline of the body was now visible, and when the final veil came down to her feet, the lights were turned up; it played on her, bright against her skin.
She looked dazzling.
 And she turned and twisted, still almost seemingly oblivious to the crowd, and the spectators were twisting in their chairs, all eyes straining to see her every move, her every body language. 
The girl suddenly stopped and swayed slightly on her feet as though drunk, and then she stood stock still. The roomful of people broke into thunderous applause. Oblivious to the thunderous applause, the girl shook her head this way and that to the steady thump of the music while her flowing river of hair swirled round her face like a cloud.
“Wow!” Obi exclaimed. He spun to his companion Richard as he said this. “That girl is marvelous. Guy, look at her! Just look at her!”
Richard nodded, his eye still glued to the dais. “Yeah. She’s a singer and an agile dancer.” He lifted his mug of Stout to his mouth and gulped down some of the cold, bitter liquid. “I hear she dey sell her body too. Men dey craze for her o, but I hear say she dey costly. Omo, she dey costly like mad! I really do not even know why a girl as beautiful as she is should stay here, performing a striptease for a bunch of leering men when she could go and be a model or a singer. She get voice; man, she get voice! You need to come here more often and listen to her sing.”
Obi was no longer listening to his friend; his attention was turned to this young woman.
She glanced around wildly, as though lost, or as though she had forgotten her surroundings, but to Obi, she looked as though she were testing the air for a scent of prey she could pounce on. He noted her golden brown eyes that seemed to shine bright like twin beacons in her face. Such unusual eyes she had. Perhaps she was wearing contact lenses? Her eyes scanned the dense crowd of men, hovering over the man seated next to Obi, and then rested on him with unblinking intensity. She held him in her gaze, and to him it was like being stared down by a huge animal of prey. The fingers of her right hand moved across her face, her lips parted, then she smiled. But never for once did her gaze waver from his face.
She looked at him and he looked at her; or rather, he was trapped in her gaze while she held him mesmerized in her grasp. It seemed as if the very universe had shifted, that this seductive dancer was the only thing that was now visible in his universe. The presence of the other men; the smell of cigarettes and clash of perfumes with sweaty bodies—all of them fell away into insignificance. The shock of her gaze held him entranced, and though she was still making her exotic dance moves with the fluidity of a snake, she seemed not to be moving of her own voluntary free will, that her body was controlling itself.
That was when she took off her red velvet gown, or rather, the gown seemed to slip from her at some silent command from her, and she stood before the spell-bound audience dressed now in nothing but a red bra and G-string panties. 
The audience gasped. 
With the black hair, the chiseled face and the bone structure, and the killer shape she had under the nothing thing she wore, she was the physical embodiment of every straight man’s wet dream. Then she grabbed on to the nearest dance pole and began to shimmy up the pole. Once at the end of it, she rotated around the pole, then she twisted herself so she had her legs up, her head pointing down like a spider’s crawling down a wall, while her thick long hair flowed like a rippling mass of black. A loud cheer broke loose.
Totally unaccustomed to such intense stares, along with the mesmerizing dance, Obi stood up and headed for the door because her gaze had shocked him and had his heart thumping. Unfortunately, he couldn’t seem to get out fast enough; his progress was painfully slow, and he could hear the cheers of the men as they screamed their encouragement at the girl and flung money at the dais at her. 
He emerged on the wide corridor that adjoined the bar and he heaved a sigh. He had really enjoyed himself here at the Happy Day club, a surprising feat given that the club was situated at Ajegunle—the notorious Lago slum called AJ City. To him, this club was like a diamond discovered in the rough, literally. To cure his boredom, he had wanted to visit one of the posh clubs at Awolowo Road in Ikoyi, or head into Victoria Island for the swankier jazz clubs with its fair sprinkling of foreign prostitutes from Lebanon and Europe who smoked slender cigarettes and drank iced whiskey, over and over. He was used to the clubs in these expensive parts of Lagos. But Richard had insisted: “Come with me to this club at Ajegunle. I never knew it existed, but I loved it. You will love it too.”
Obi now realized why Richard has insisted on this club: the dancer. Whoever the hell she was, and whatever she did, she had the looks, she had the power and the magnetism, and she had the sensuality to trap any man that beheld her into coming back over and over again. She appeared to be some kind of addictive drug, destructive but compelling and irresistible.
He pulled in a heavy breath, dragging in fresh air while hoping to dispel the suffocating smell of that club. He must have lost half his senses, for all he was thinking about was the dark rim of her almond-shaped eyes, the curve of those kissable red lips, and the swell of that killer shape she had below her flat midriff which had given him an erection the very moment he’d laid his eyes on them. 
It would be fun to bed her before he left Nigeria and flew to London. He had a Masters degree waiting for him to grab in Central London. Besides, he had a steady girlfriend there and could not wait to get back to her.
He turned, and then he felt his muscles freeze into rigidity as a shudder ran through him and ice was dropped into his bowels.
Leaning against the wall, smiling and staring at him with her mesmerizing, luminous eyes, was the girl—the dancer from the club. Her eyes seemed hard and calculating as she trapped him in her gaze once again. She had the jaded look of one who had seen a lot in life; that near lifeless, cruel look that gave them a mean look of disinterest. It is fitting, given her line of work, he thought.
“Hello, sugar,” she said. 
Her voice was pitched low in a near whisper, and her eyes seemed gummed to his face with a boldness that belied her youthful appearance. On stage she had appeared to be a Queen of the night; she’d looked older, a sensuous woman in control of the sexual thoughts of all the men that had feasted their eyes on her. But now, she looked. . .young. She was way younger than he’d thought.
 She swaggered towards him with a measured sway of her curvy hips. 
“See anything you like, my dear?” she asked. She was smiling at him again, and to his mind it felt like a shark playing with a shoal of smaller fish, before it struck.
He stared at her. Chills ran through him. She is beautiful, he thought. And in that moment, he knew that he wanted her. Scowling with frustration at the welcome prospect of his body’s reaction to her, which he so did not wish to act upon, he forced a smile. She smiled right back, and he was immediately done in. “How much?” he asked her.
She mentioned a price, making him smile. The price she had mentioned would have sounded quite hefty for some other man, but he was no other man; he was the son of one of the richest business tycoons that controlled Lagos Island. He tripled it. To her credit, there was no outward indication of surprise on her flawless face—just that slight narrowing of her golden eyes at him, as if he’d performed an unexpected little trick. Perfume wafted forth from her; he couldn’t quite place it, but it was feminine and unobtrusive. 
“Are you not expecting it?” he asked, with a lopsided grin. A fly buzzed before his face and he slapped it away.
She shook her hand, with a small laugh. “I hope you are not going to say that you want it raw. I don’t do raw.” She shook her head, shaking off some of the hair that had found its way into her face.
She had such midnight hair; so dark and so full—a wig, perhaps?
“Neither do I. You think I did raw?”
He would never sleep with any woman without protection; his father had beaten that into his head on several occasions. He must avoid contracting STDs at all costs, plus, a horde of women who knew of his moneyed pedigree wanted to get into his pants and “fall” pregnant for him in order to benefit from the Obiekwe family fortune. It must be avoided. . .at all costs. The family matriarch forbade such irresponsibility.
“I think you have too much money and you are a fool,” she responded. “But then, it’s your money, so. . .” She shrugged.
Three people—one man with his arms entwined around the waists of two laughing, staggering, obviously drunk women—staggered past, laughing and talking a load of gibberish in Yoruba Obi did not understand. Alcohol and stale perfume followed in their wake. 
“Come with me,” she said, extending her left hand to him.
Obi stared at the long-nailed fingers on the hand for a moment, his mind torn between two choices: leave her here and go home, or take the proffered hand and commit sin with his mysterious, sensuous girl. But he couldn’t turn away; gosh, she was too fine, too perfect, for him to not succumb to her.
“Lead the way, babe.”
*
Adamma smiled, for she felt she had been right. Her instincts were never wrong. This young man had stood out from the others like a wild rose in a field of plain white daisies. There was something that was completely innocent and enchanting about him, and then he also gave off that whiff of money and power associated with people who came from Old money; he was the perfect prey. But still, she couldn’t miss that flash of annoyance and irritation when she had called him a fool—this was a young man used to getting everything he wanted, thanks to bottomless pools of money he could dig into from his family’s wealth. 
She led him off down the corridor to a room she always reserved from the club—free of course, given that she was single-handedly responsible for drawing a lot of its patrons to the club—then she stopped in front of the grey-painted wooden door. The club had changed all its room doors from iron to wood, after a young woman had been brutally raped and beaten inside one of the locked rooms and the door had been so thick, no one had heard her cries. 
“Welcome to my abode, dear sir,” Adamma said, pushing the door open.
The room was small, with pink walls and matching pink wallpaper covering one end of the wall. The pink curtains were drawn open, overlooking the car park, though the branches of a large tree obstructed the view. The floor was tiled in a dull, milky color, while the sheets on the medium-sized bed that was pushed against the end of one wall matched the color. A lone bulb shone from the top of the wall nearest the door, illuminating the room. 
“You live here?” he asked.
Adamma laughed at his naivety. “You live here?” she countered as she spun round to face him. “This is a club, sir, not my home. Well?”
They stood there staring at each other, two perfect strangers sizing each other up. They were bound together by nothing more than his need for her statuesque body and her own need for his money. It was pure transactional sex, no strings attached. It was something she was used to, something she had trained herself not to think much of.
He reached for her, drawing her into his muscular arms, and then his lips claimed hers. They kissed for a long while, their tongues caressing, their arms linked around each other. For her this was against the rules of the game—she and other girls like her did not kiss their unholy customers. They could contract any of the many oral infections available, because of that fluid exchange. But, oh well.
They pulled apart and, hand-in-hand, they repaired to the bed. There, as they stood before the bed, she undressed herself slowly, and when she stood naked before him she undressed him, with the same slow reverence with which she’d attended her own clothing. To her eyes, he was beautiful from head to toe, a muscular male specimen that any woman below the age of seventy would undoubtedly die for, and she pressed her lips to the thatch of dark hair that nestled above his erect penis. This man is beautiful.
His penis was a living pole of muscle that shot out in-between his legs like some monster that demanded gratification from her. And she was willing to give him value for the money he was paying to her. She was a whore, after all, and getting entangled with strange men in-between silky sheets was her specialty. 
“You’re beautiful,” she whispered. She and her girls made sure to say the same words to all the men that graced their beds. It is mandatory you make them feel like a MAN even if they look like whales. It was one of the rules of the game.Make them think they are the strongest man you have ever had. It makes them come back; makes them bring the money coming to you.
She kissed him again. And he tasted so good, so clean, and the taste of his cleanliness was pure heaven. The sensation of kissing him and touching his hard, muscular body, was entrancing to her senses, but she controlled herself. They are just meat, to be used and discarded. He is nothing more than that. 
 He opened his mouth to say something, then perhaps he thought better of it and kissed her instead, his tongue swirling around hers in a masterful caress. Ah, she loved it when they knew their way around a lady. Finally, he pulled himself away and asked, “What about our protection?”
She smiled at him. “I am quite free of diseases, but, as a matter of policy and precaution, we don’t do it without protecting ourselves, so there are wraps of condom in the drawer by the table.”
She watched him take a wrap of condom, and then, he slipped the lubricated rubber on. He came over to her, and then he kissed her once again, deeply, almost roughly. He pulled her down gently to the bed, kissed her again, his fingers running through the entire length of her body as his kisses found her on this part of her body, his tongue lapped there, all masterfully done. He then guided his throbbing cock into her and began to fuck her, his hips moving in that timeless rhythm and dance of sensuality that was a tribute of sensual escape, from one generation to the next, one species to another.
Her nails raked over the taut skin of his back while she made the necessary noises. But with this man, she was not faking it; he knew what he was doing. And she could get her pleasure from him, not fake it like she often had to do. Fake it if you have to, Adamma; that is the rule. But you must never just lay there and do nothing—you are not a log of wood.
The Adonis was insatiable, and the moans of ecstasy he emitted echoed through the room, and she moaned with him, matching him cry for cry. When she was sure he was about to climax—she’d been timing him in her mind, ticking the seconds off as they passed—he stopped and flipped her over so she was now on her hands and knees then he fucked her from behind. 
As he fucked her, he stroked her breasts, fondled and pinched her erect nipples, and kissed her back. He turned her over again so she lay facing him, and he continued to drive himself into her, his eyes glued to hers, the wanton desire in them unmistakable. And then he cried out, and she smiled, knowing she had brought him to shattering orgasm that rocked his body. 
Her own pleasure swamped her, and she held him and cried out as waves of orgasmic pleasure swept through her in waves. Finally, she sank down, boneless, on the mattress, her long hair spread out on the bed. The only sounds were that of the fan suspended from the concrete ceiling and their own ragged breaths. 
The act over, she extricated her supple, lithe body from the embrace of her lover and then she donned on her dress once again with deliberate slowness while he watched her, with desire smoldering in his dark eyes. Turning to him, she held out one hand for her money. Now was the time when some of the men played their game; when he could say that she had not satisfied him or that he wanted another round, or that he would not pay, or he would pay but not completely.
 Still naked, he stood up from the bed and stretched, and his lean, muscular body elongated, the defined muscles showing. He didn’t seem to be ashamed of his nakedness, and why should he? He was beautiful and he was not ashamed of his body. He fumbled in his trouser pockets for his wallet, then he counted out some bills from it—Naira notes, plenty of it. He and stretched them to her. She noticed the car key he had with him; it was the key to a Lexus. She knew her way around cars and so could tell which brand owned which logo. He certainly seemed to do comfort more than most.
He smiled at her, a salacious glint in his eyes. “A wonderful night spent with a girl I don’t even know her name,” he accused.
“Adamma,” she said, though very reluctantly, managing to infuse an arctic blankness into her eyes. It was the rule of the game that the girls should never, under any circumstances whatsoever, try to get themselves entangled with the men they had sex with in any way. They are just one-night dicks to be used, or for how long they want you. But you don’t ever catch feelings. Never.
*
Obi savored the sound and feel of her name in his consciousness. It was a strange name, which was peculiar to Eastern Nigeria, and which meant Daughter of Beauty. In many places down East it was the drag masquerades that answered the name Adamma. But in this case, it certainly suited her.
“I will be flying out to London soon, very soon. I was wondering if you made house calls and if you could come to my home at Ikoyi? I would like to see you again. What do you say?”
He wanted to see her again, not just because he was traveling to London, but because he truly did wish to see her again. He wanted to be in her presence, to see her again, to touch her again and to fuck her again, this time all night long if they both had the appetite for it.
“I’m definitely at your service, sir,” Adamma retorted. 
“Call me Obi—”
“The address, please?” she asked, cutting him short.
He was struck by the speed at which she had cut him short, but he said nothing. He shrugged into his boxers, then stepped into the discarded trousers before reaching for his wallet again. He withdrew a pale blue, translucent card, then handed the card to her, their fingers brushing together. Electric attraction whispered through him. 
“I’ll be expecting you to be at my place at seven tomorrow so that we can have dinner together. I can send a driver to pick you up. What time?”
At those words she laughed, throwing her head back, the money he’d given to her clutched tightly in her fists and pressed to her ample, naked bosom as if she was perhaps afraid that he would snatch it away from her and bolt out of the room with it. 
“That will be nice, sir,” she said, and he was struck with annoyance at how polite she sounded, how cultured in spite of the seediness of their meeting. “However, I will have to decline. I can locate the place. I can see a phone number on the card—” and she raised the card closer to her face, her golden eyes peering at the lettering imprinted on the card. “I can always call it perhaps?” She smiled at him, but he was struck then by how expressionless she looked, how much like a golden but empty canvass. “And what about my fee—I don’t visit people in their houses. We charge for that. The girls here charge extra for that. I charge thrice what they charge.”
He admired her confidence.
“Money is not my problem, my dear. Bill me whatever you want; I just want to see you again. And we are on for tomorrow, yes? Until then, I’ll say adieu to you and goodbye.” He bowed over her hands and then turned to don on his shirt. He finished dressing in a hurry, then he spun and left the room, but not before he had turned to give her one last, lingering look.
*
Adamma maintained her smile as she watched the stranger wear his clothes and leave. She knew that if she was stupid enough to get herself committed to him in any imaginable way, then she’d be chaining herself down to a new unbreakable bondage. In her line of work, it was a hard lesson to learn, but it was a rule for them to never go on home calls; it was through all that closeness that some man might catch feelings. And in this harsh, brutal work she did, feelings didn’t matter. They didn’t care for feelings, so they did everything to avoid it; that, and the see-finish that became customary with those who saw you all the time and had access to your body whenever they wanted, at their own turf. Plus, sometimes, the girls got more than they bargained for when they visited these men at their homes. That too must be avoided at all costs.
But she knew that the sculpted Adonis was right; she did need his money. And he had said that money was not a problem for him. He sure was a real piece of work too, she thought; someone she would have loved to know under different circumstances. He had money to burn, and she loved extracting money off men that didn’t mind burning same. But that was not possible here. There will be no house call.
She was somehow convinced beyond doubt that she was never going to see the young man ever again. Or she might see him again, if he came back here, to seek her out. In many cases they usually did. In some cases—and she had noticed this more among the married men from out-of-State who came in to Lagos to transact business—it was usually just that one night. Enjoy that one night and forget all about it. After that they went back to their wives and their crying children and their business affairs. It was the rule of the game.
Adamma lifted the man’s card to her face and sniffed at it. It had that nice smell she often associated with money. Now was the time for her to tear the card up, but for some odd reason she could not explain—or perhaps it had to do with the queasy feeling she had in her gut at that moment—she decided against destroying it.
She would keep it, but she would never call this man. If he needed her, he had to come here.

*

THE END OF THE PREVIEW TEXT

Dear Reader,
Thank you for reading up to this extent of the work, Adamma. The full text of the novel Adamma is available for readership on the Bambooks reading app, Smashwords, Amazon, Kobo via these links:
Bambooks: https://bambooks.io/book/14309/Adamma- 
Amazon:  https://www.amazon.com/Adamma-Women-Eternity-Book-1-ebook/dp/B08QZ4F5MY
Booktopia: https://www.booktopia.com.au/adamma-kingsley-adrian-banks/ebook/1230004642428.html
It is also available on Smashwords and Okadabooks.



About the Author
Kingsley Adrian Banks is a Nigerian novelist. His debut novel Behind Closed Doors is one of the few novels from Nigeria that exclusively dissects LGBT issues and gender stereotypes. He is also the author of numerous short stories, some standalone novels, and the books in the Women of Eternity Series. He lives and works in Nigeria. You can connect with him via email on adrianbanks2008@gmail.com  or through his social media handles below.

Connect with Me:

Facebook author page:
https://web.facebook.com/KingsleyAdrianBanksAuthor/?_rdc=1&_rdr 
Smashwords: 
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/adrianbanksauthor 
Blog:
https://adrianbanksbooks.wordpress.com 
Bookbub: 
https://www.bookbub.com/authors/kingsley-adrian-banks
Goodreads: 
https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/20369383.Kingsley_Adrian_Banks 
Subscribe to my Newsletter:
https://mailchi.mp/c318c6b68e2f/email-subscription-page 
