Warning
This e-book contains sexually explicit scenes and adult language and may be considered offensive to some readers. E-books containing adult content are for sale to adults ONLY, as defined by the laws of the country in which you made your purchase. Please store your files wisely, where they cannot be accessed by under-aged readers.

Best of Intentions
Michelle Cary
COPYRIGHT © 2012 by Michelle Cary
Smashwords Edition

This e-book is a work of fiction. While reference might be made to actual historical events or existing locations, the names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

Published by 
Michelle Cary
P.O. Box 1792
Laurel Springs, NJ 08021
michelle.cary@yahoo.com



BEST OF INTENTIONS

Chapter One

With one leg propped against the sofa back, Devin McFadden stared out the tour bus window and lazily strummed his guitar. Over the last few hours, sheets of white flakes slowly blanketed the landscape and frost gathered on the outside of the windows. If the road was the same condition, they’d be in trouble. 
After growing up in the Pennsylvania Mountains, he understood how dangerous it could be to navigate the turnpike during a blizzard. The best thing for them to do would be to get off at the next exit and find a hotel, but it wasn’t his call to make and management would never cancel a tour date simply because of some bad weather. Playing live was where most of the band’s money was made and the two nights they were supposed to play in Philadelphia had been sold out for months.
An image of the bus swerving then tumbling down a steep embankment flashed before Devin’s eyes. He sucked in a quick breath and shook away the vision even as the familiar surge of adrenaline, which always followed his premonitions, washed over him. 
Not now! Devin turned a wary eye back out the window and struggled to get a handle on the situation. Below him, cars and trucks alike passed by, their drivers obviously not giving much thought to the low visibility or the condition of the road. He’d certainly be much happier when they were off the highway, and he was nestled inside a nice, warm hotel room. 
“Hey, Steve,” he called over his shoulder toward the driver.
“Yeah?”
“We’re about three hours out of Philly, right?” Steve had been their bus driver for the last two tours. He was smart, conscientious, and took his job seriously.
Without taking his eyes off the road, he yelled over his shoulder. “On a good day, yes, but taking into consideration the weather and the worsening road conditions, you’d better tack on another hour or two.”
Devin sighed. “I was afraid you were going to say that.” He shifted back toward the window, trying hard to ignore the feelings of impending doom now weighing on his shoulders. He could be wrong. Whenever his emotions were in turmoil, it threw off his ability to envision the future correctly, and right now, his heart and mind were a mess. 
It wasn’t only his second thoughts about this whole band situation screwing with his head. Though, he was more than a little tired of dealing with all the nonsense that came with being famous. There was a time when having groupies and photographers wherever he turned was cool. Not anymore. More and more, the desire to settle down and lead a normal life filled his thoughts. 
“Dude, want to work on the new idea you had?”
Devin peered up to see the band’s singer, and his best friend, Travis looming over him. His lanky frame barely managed to block the light casting down from the tiny recessed light above, while his shaggy blond hair hung into his face, hiding the mischievous look he normally wore. 
“Sure. Maybe it will make the time pass quicker.”
Travis nodded. “Don’t I know it, bro. This weather is a killer. I can’t wait to grab a nice hot shower and a good night’s sleep.”
“Me too,” Devin agreed. 
Travis’s face scrunched into an exasperated frown, showing off the dimple in his chin all the girls swooned over. “Awe hell.”
Devin arched a brow. “What?”
“I just realized I gotta take a piss before we start. Man, I hope Cooper’s out of the bathroom. Give me a minute okay?” Travis was already heading for the back of the bus before Devin could reply. 
With nothing to do but wait, Devin once again diverted his attention to the window. Maybe Travis was right when he told Devin he needed some time off? After five years of back-to-back albums and tours, no one could blame him if he was exhausted. But deep down, he knew it was more than simply being tired. 
The image meant nothing, for all he knew it could have been his underlying fears pushing into his subconscious and skewing his ability to see things correctly. He gave a nervous glance out the frost-covered window into the dark and tried hard to push away the feeling of dread shrouding him. 
A sign for Mechanicsburg passed by as they rolled along the winding mountain road. Being so close to his hometown didn’t help his mood any either. Childhood memories called to him, urging Devin to return to his roots and happier times. It was the place he loved most, not only because it was home for him, but also because Tess was there. That fact alone should have been enough reason for him to walk away from this never ending rock n’ roll road show, but it wasn’t. Bound by contracts he couldn’t break, he had obligations to fill, and she was already married, anyway. Still, not a day went by when he didn’t think about her at least once, and wonder how she was and what she was doing. 
With the image tattooed to his brain, he could still see her face the day he left for California. A mental picture of a time he’d rather forget. She’d faced him that day with a tough façade, but he knew she’d cried after he left. He’d broken her heart, and to this day, he’d never forgiven himself for inflicting so much pain. 
He’d always intended on coming back for her after the band was established. Of course, he also knew the old saying about the road to hell being paved with good intentions and his would easily cover a mile or more. 
For a while after he left, he’d kept in touch. Unable to afford the telephone calls, he’d written to her faithfully every month, but once the band took off, keeping up correspondence had been impossible. 
When his mother suffered her first stroke several years ago, he’d managed to sneak back into town for a long weekend to help his brother pack up the house and move her to Atlanta. That was when he’d found out about Tess getting married. He pushed a hand against his sternum in an attempt to stifle the ache that formed there every time he pictured her with another man. Yet he couldn’t begrudge Tess for moving on with her life. It wasn’t as if he could expect her to wait on him forever.
His hand slid from his chest up to his neck where clasped the fire onyx amulet he’d worn since he was a child. Heat pulsed from its center through his palm as he wrapped his fingers tightly around the silver setting. He was sixteen when he’d had the gemstone cut into two pieces and placed into identical charm settings. 
On Valentine's Day, he’d presented Tess with the necklace and confessed to her his father’s heritage and his own supernatural ability. Never when he told her about the joining which could connect them psychically had he imagined she would agree to participate. In all the years since, he never managed to recapture the level of intimacy, of oneness with another as he had with her.
“Okay, I’m ready. How about we work out the bridge section before the outro?”
Devin nodded and chucked his concerns aside before turning his focus to Travis. “Sure. It’s not like I have anything better to do.” He moved over and Travis plopped down onto the cushion next to him and blew his hair from his face. 
“Based on that reply, I take it you’re still bummin’?”
That was probably the understatement of the year. Devin shrugged. “I guess. Honestly, T, I don’t know what in the hell is wrong with me lately. I have the exact life I’ve always wanted, and I’m still not happy.”
“It’s turning thirty, bro. It makes the best of us wig out.” 
It was more than his mood becoming a casualty of his recent birthday, or was it? The big three zero was not only a milestone representing thirty years of his existence, but a huge reminder of everything he still hadn’t accomplished in his life.
Devin smirked at Travis’s remark. Friends from first grade, Travis was by far his closest pal and the one who understood him best. “Maybe, but I’ve never been worried about getting older.” He sighed as he spread his fingers over the guitar neck, and strummed a G chord. “I don’t know. I keep hoping it’s because I’m tired, but I can’t seem to stop thinking about all the things I wanted to have accomplished by this point.”
“You’ve toured the world, played in front of millions of people, and have fame and money. What more could you want?”
How could he tell Travis he didn’t want to be a rock star anymore, that the life he’d worked so hard to build ended up not being what he imagined it would. “I don’t know. I guess it’s probably more of the ‘you always want what you can’t have’ syndrome. All of the ‘what ifs’ are clouding my brain.”
“Are your visions getting worse?”
Devin briefly pondered the flash he’d had and decided against telling Travis about it. He was the only person besides Tess who knew about Devin’s psychic abilities, or rather, Travis was the only other person who believed in them. If he was indeed wrong about the accident, then there wasn’t any point in worrying his friend and if he was right…
“I wouldn’t say they’re worse. Just a little garbled. It’s hard for me to conjure a clear picture. I’ve been so moody lately, I’m unsure as to what’s actually going to happen and what’s my imagination encroaching on the scene. I’ll tell you a little time off would go a long way in healing my mental health.”
Travis slapped him on the back. “Well, pal. That’s not going to happen anytime soon, so I suggest you suck it up and find a way to deal.”
“Yeah.” Devin rubbed the guitar pick between his finger and thumb, then strummed another cord on his Gibson. “I suppose your right. How about we get started?” 
Travis opened his mouth, but before he could start singing, the bus swerved, knocking both men from the couch. 
Damn! Devin’s gaze rocketed toward the driver’s seat, only to see Steve battling for control of the monster bus. Wouldn’t it figure the one time he dismissed his premonition it would come to fruition?
“Hang on,” Steve yelled as the bus swerved a second time.
Devin let go of his guitar and grabbed for the seat, only to find it out of his reach. A sharp jerk to the left caused him to slam back into the table edge. Pain shot up his spine and he dropped to his knees. The bus swerved a third time and for a moment, he was weightless. The lights inside the vehicle flickered then blinked completely out, leaving him and the other band members trapped in the darkness as the bus began to roll.
Devin flailed about, reaching for anything stable to grab. The sound of grinding metal and screams filled his ears and for the first time in years, he began to pray. From what he understood of precognition, those with the ability to see the future never envisioned their own deaths, but it didn’t mean it couldn’t still happen. 
Cabinet doors opened and the contents inside rained down. Using what little telekinetic ability he had, he deflected the objects hitting him in the arm, face and legs. The weightless feeling returned, followed by the sound of breaking glass. The disorientation broke his concentration and something large and heavy crashed into him. Pain rocketed up the side of his face and a copper taste coated his tongue. This wasn’t how he wanted to leave the world. He could see the newspaper headline; Rock band dies in tour bus accident. How cliché. 
When he was sure the end was coming, mercifully the bus groaned to a stop. For several seconds, he lay still as his brain scrambled to process events. 
“Travis? Steve?” He struggled to see through the inky darkness as flakes of snow drifted through the broken windows and landed on his face. “Cooper, Kyle? Are you guys all right?” His question met a wall of silence and a gust of wind blew through the wrecked vehicle, causing him to shiver.
“Travis, where are you?” he tried to yell, but a sharp sting stabbed through his chest and his words came out as barely a whisper. He jerked against the pain and realized there were few places on his body that didn’t hurt. His right leg felt like a lead weight, while his arm and wrist throbbed in time with his rapidly beating heart. The pressure in his chest increased with each breath, making it nearly impossible for him to breathe and he was sure his head had split open like a ripe coconut.
Silence filled his ears while he grappled with the broken and damaged parts of his body. No matter how hurt he was, he needed to find Travis and get them both out of the bus. He wasn’t sure if a fire was possible, but he didn’t want to be trapped inside if there was one.
Fighting against his own agony, Devin struggled onto his side and craned his neck back to see in the pitch black interior. “Travis, answer me, damn it.”
A moan came from somewhere close and Devin angled his head toward the sound. “T, is that you?” Trying to focus on the direction from where the voice originated, he blinked several times, but only came up with darkness. Was it just dark or was something wrong with his eyes? 
He reached around with his good hand and managed to find something warm and fuzzy to cover him, though he couldn’t tell exactly what it was. Intent on invoking a vision, he closed his eyes and worked to breathe deep. Maybe if he could see a flash of the future, he wouldn’t have to worry about Travis. Surely somebody had witnessed the accident and would call for help before they all froze to death.
As hard as he wanted to summon his power, he came up empty. Not only could he not see in real life, he couldn’t see into the future either. He couldn’t even sense the others around him. Where was Travis?
Devin swallowed hard and tried not to vomit from the taste of his own blood. “T,” he whispered as his eyes fell closed. A sleepy feeling flooded through him and he quickly opened them again. He didn’t know much about head injuries, but he did know he had to stay awake, at least until help arrived.
The faint sound of sirens echoed from somewhere in the distance, and Devin began to relax. Everything was going to be okay. Emergency services would arrive and they all would get the help they needed. In a few weeks, when this nightmare was over and they’d all recovered, they could finish the tour. Unable to fight the sleepy feeling any longer, his eyes drifted shut once again. The sirens drew closer and closer, then there was nothing.
****
Tess drove into the hospital parking lot and eyed the crowd of reporters gathered around the hospital entrance. Obviously something happened while she’d been away skiing for the weekend, but what? By the time she’d arrived home last night, it had been after midnight. Too late for the news, not that she would have been awake long enough to watch it anyway. After she’d finally convinced Eric to go home and sleep in his bed instead of in her guest room, she’d stumbled upstairs and passed out as soon as her head hit the pillow. 
From the moment they’d arrived at the mountain resort, Eric had them on the go. Between skiing all day, clubbing in the evening, her body screamed for some rest and the six hours she got last night simply wasn’t enough to make up for what she’d lost over the weekend.
She slowed her truck, scanned the rows of vehicles, and eventually parked in an empty space next to her friend Victoria’s Toyota. Eyeing the reporters huddled around the front doors she killed the engine, grabbed her large Java Lava coffee and exited the truck. Hoping to avoid the mass of media, she headed up the walkway to the employee entrance. 
“Excuse me, miss? Do you work here?”
Tess ignored the woman reporter and swiped her ID card through the reader. The light turned green, and the lock released with a click. She yanked open the door and headed inside without looking back. 
“Can you tell us how Mr.-” The heavy door slamed shut behind her, sealing out the probing paparazzi. Tess let out a sigh and trudged down the hall. Years ago she’d seen her own face in one of those tabloid magazines that fed the swarms of photographers and reporters and kept them coming back for more. The magazine had written an article on the past lives of the band members in Ascension and seeing her picture with Devin compared to one taken of him partying with groupies had left a bad taste in her mouth. 
Even if she had known what was going on, no way would she have fed those rabid news whores. She set her coffee on top of her locker, stripped out of her coat and snow boots and sat down to put on her work shoes. One thing was for sure, whoever it was being treated somewhere inside the hospital must be relatively famous to draw that kind of attention. She clocked in, grabbed her coffee and walked to the elevators, which would take her to fourth floor surgical recovery.
The doors opened and she stepped inside to join Mitch Martin, the hospital’s only male nurse. 
He smiled. “Good morning, Tess. How was your weekend?”
She shouldered her purse and switched her coffee to the opposite hand then pressed the number four on the panel. “Busy,” she finally replied. 
“Oh yeah, what did you do?”
“I went with some friends up to Blue Mountain to go skiing, and boy oh boy, I'm paying for it today.” She sucked down a long drink of her coffee, thankful for the boost of energy the caffeine would give her. 
“Yeah.” He nodded. “I know the feeling all too well. I don’t know about you, but I’m not as young as I used to be. I love to ski, but one day on the slopes is usually followed by two recovering.”
Tess laughed as the doors opened to the first floor. 
“Well this is my stop. Have a good day.” Mitch waved as he exited. 
“Yeah, you too.” Still smiling, she leaned against the wall. If he was the hospital’s Angel of Death, then he was hiding it well. Even though Eric had warned her to be careful around Mitch, she’d never garnered any strange vibes from him. Of course, there was always the possibility Eric was wrong.
The door’s closed and Tess let her lid’s drift shut while she waited to reach the fourth floor. When the carriage stopped at the next floor, Tess suddenly had an overwhelming need to exit. She glanced up at the numbers above the door. It wasn’t her floor. Still, the pull was unmistakable, almost familiar in a way. She started to step off, then changed her mind and remained rooted in placed. Whatever the feeling was, it would go away and she simply didn’t have time to investigate.
Once on the fourth floor, Tess walked through the double doors leading to surgical recovery and set her purse down on the nurse’s station desk. “Morning, Kim.” 
Without looking up from the chart she was reading, the woman replied. “Good morning. How was your ski trip?”
“Exhausting. Hey what’s with all the reporters outside?”
The petite blonde paused and glanced up. “You didn’t hear?”
“Hear what?” Footfalls behind her had Tess turning to see her shift supervisor approaching. “Morning, Casey.”
“Good morning, Tess. I’m glad you’re here. I need you to work ICU today with Tori.”
Her brow knit. Had her urge to get off at the second floor been some sort of weird premonition? How had she known she was supposed to work ICU today? “Okay. Why?”
“I take it you didn’t hear about the tour bus accident Saturday night?”
Tess shook her head even as an unexplained feeling of dread settled over her. “I was skiing all weekend.”
“So you don’t know anything about a rock band’s tour bus crashing over a guardrail on the turnpike?”
Rock band? “God, no. Are they badly hurt?”
“Two were DOA and one died in surgery. We have three in ICU and the two people from the car who apparently caused the accident. Tracy called out sick and Lauren went into premature labor, so I’m short-handed down there. Can I count on you?”
Tess picked up her purse. “Of course. I’m on my way.”
She hurried down to the Intensive Care Unit and walked in to find nine of the ten beds filled. 
Tori looked up from behind the small nurse’s station and smiled. “Boy, am I glad to see you.”
Tess dropped her purse on the desk. “I’ll bet. So what do we have?”
‘Bed’s 1 and 3 are heart attacks, bed two is a stabbing victim, beds four through nine are from the bus accident Saturday night.
Tess picked up the first chart and scanned it. “Casey said it was bad.”
Tori nodded. “Bed nine is on life support.” 
“That’s such a shame. No brain activity?”
“Very little, but it’s extremely swollen so they can’t be sure he’s brain dead. They’ll have to wait for the swelling to reduce before they can make a decision.”
Tess shook her head. “I always hate when families are forced to make those type of…decisions.” Her voice faded as she read the name on the chart for bed nine. Travis Brighton. She shivered as awareness shimmied up her back. Eyes wide, her gaze shifted from the chart to her friend. “Tori, what was the name of the band?”
“Oh, I don’t know. I listen to Christian music not rock n’ roll.”
“Please, Tori. I need you to remember.” 
Tori’s brow creased and she pursed her lips. “I think it started with an A. Aswald, or Ascent”
“Ascension?” 
Tori pointed a finger at her. “That’s it.”
A rush of adrenaline shot through Tess and she dropped the chart to pick up the next one. The name was unfamiliar. Instead of slipping it back in the slot, she dropped it and picked up the next one. With only two charts left, tears burned her eyes and she whispered a prayer. “Please let him still be here.” She opened the next chart only to have her fear increased when the name didn’t match. She let go of the chart, the metal clanged as it banged into the others already resting in a pile. 
Closing her eyes, she held the last chart in her hands, afraid of what she’d find. Slowly she lifted the cover, opened her eyes and blew out a relieved breath. 
Without, another word, she sat the chart on the desk and headed for bed four. Cupping her hand over her mouth, she stopped at the end of the bed and stared. Even after ten years, she would still recognize his handsome face despite his wounds.
A large bruise ran along the side of his face from his temple down, encompassing not only his chiseled cheekbone but also a good amount of his squared jaw. Even a portion of his supple lips had suffered the impact from something large and powerful. 
She cringed at that thought and took a step forward. Exactly what had he suffered on that bus? Her need to touch him, to confirm he wasn’t a figment of her imagination grew and she reached out, stroking a hand over his dark brown locks.
“Tess?”
She whirled around to find Tori standing behind her with a worried look on her face. “Tess, what’s wrong?”
“He’s an old friend.”
Tori arched a brow. “Really? You never mentioned you knew somebody famous.”
Tess shrugged. “It never came up. Hey, if you don’t mind, I’d like to mind his care for this shift.”
Tori placed a hand on her shoulder. “Of course. He’s been fading in and out of consciousness. From what I’ve been told, he’s yet to be coherent enough to actually talk.” She turned to walk away then paused. “Is it okay for me to ask how you know him?”
Tess stared down at his bruised and battered face, a wealth of emotions swimming inside her head. “Devin and I were high school sweethearts.”
Chapter Two

Pain racked his body as the bus tumbled down the embankment. The sound of grinding metal filled his ears, and he struggled to hang on to anything within reach. The microwave broke loose from its enclosure and tumbled down at him. “No!”
His body jerked and his eyes flew open, yet the darkness remained. Trapped between nightmare and reality, he struggled to take a breath without pain ripping through him, to get up and move without the associated agony. 
“Shhh, you’re okay.” A soothing female voice filled his ears, while, he could only assume, her hands pressed gently against his shoulders, pushing him back to the pillow. 
“Who? Where?” He fought against her in search of something to confirm he wasn’t still dreaming. His brain refused to cooperate, keeping him engulfed in a mental fog. Desperate to once again find reality, he reached out with his good hand and managed to grab her arm. “Please help me.” 
“I am helping you.” The comforting tone in her voice seemed hauntingly familiar. Did he know her? 
“Where am I?” he asked, his voice barely louder than a whisper. The last thing he remembered was being inside the bus looking for Travis. 
“You’re in the hospital. You’re okay. Now lay back before you rip out your IV.” For reasons he couldn’t explain, hearing her voice soothed his frayed nerves, comforting him. He stopped fighting her and his body slowly relaxed, though his mind continued to race. Lost in darkness and dreams he had no idea how long he’d been unconscious. “What day is it?”
“It’s Monday morning.”
Monday? How could he not remember and entire day of his life? 
“Please, can you answer some more questions for me?”
“I’ll try. What do you want to know?”
“What hospital am I in, and what about my band mates. Are they okay?” He detected what he envisioned to be a chair scraping across the floor, then the soft rustle of clothing. 
“First, you’re in the intensive care unit at Regional Hospital and some of your band members are here with you. I don’t know about the rest, but I’ll see what I can find out for you.”
“What about Travis? I need to know he’s okay.”
“Travis is here with you in intensive care. He is being well taken care of. Now what else do you want to know?”
“Why can’t I see anything?” He hated the trepidation he perceived in his voice, and dug deep into his soul looking for strength to help him through this. Was it simply the fear of the unknown he was feeling and didn’t everybody experience that particular fear from time to time? It simply meant he was normal, right? 
“Let me get your chart.” 
Seconds later, she returned. “The test results show your brain is swollen, creating pressure around the optic nerve. Once it subsides, your vision should return, but it’s going to take some time. Until then, you’ll need to be patient.”
Careful not to move too much and cause himself more pain, Devin nodded. “Thank you. I appreciate you being straight with me.”
“It’s the least I can do.” 
There it was again, the lilt in her voice, the softness in her tone. He knew her, but how?
“One more question?”
“Okay.”
“What town is this?”
“Mechanicsburg.”
He’d known before the accident they were close to where he’d grown up. He remembered seeing the signs. Now here he was, broken and battered, back in his hometown. “Your voice sounds familiar. Do I know you?”
There was a long pause before she answered. “Yes.”
“What’s your name?”
“You used to call me Tessa.”
****
Devin stared up at the darkness as Tess’s name rang in his ears and wished more than anything he could look into her beautiful green eyes. Even without his vision, he’d somehow known it was her standing by his bed. Still he couldn’t help but wonder if he was dead and this was part of some elaborate chapter in his afterlife. But if he was dead, then why was Tessa here and why couldn’t he see?
He fought to make his mind work, but the damaged muscle refused to cooperate. Trapped in a pain-induced fog, he could feel himself starting to slip away again as his eyes drifted shut. Even if this wasn’t real and he was indeed dead, he didn’t want the moment to end and lose her again. It required every ounce of energy he had to force his eyes open. 
 “So, you’re really a nurse, and I’m not dead?” he whispered.
“No, you’re not dead and yes, I’m really a nurse.” Her tone never wavered as she spoke, carrying a sympathetic quality about it. For a brief second, Devin wondered if he detected pity in her voice. Not that it mattered. He must have looked a sad sight even to her. The once proud rock star now battered, broken and blind. If it were anybody else standing by his side he would have been ashamed for them to see him this way, but once upon a time, Tess had seen him at his worst and had loved him regardless of the circumstances. 
He swallowed hard. “It’s good to see…well, I mean…” 
“I’m glad to see you too.” She gently touched his hand. Currents of electricity raced from the point of contact up his arm and through his body, giving him a warm feeling. It wasn’t so much sexual as it was comforting, much like a warm fleece blanket on a cold winter day. 
“I was worried when I learned it was your band involved in the accident. When I couldn’t find your chart earlier, I feared you might have been one of the—” She stopped mid sentence, leaving an uncomfortable silence between them. 
A prickle of fear weaved its way through Devin’s body. He didn’t need ESP to know people had probably died in the accident, but he wanted to know for sure. “One of the what?”
“Never mind. It’s not important right now.”
It was obvious she was stalling, trying to protect him. “Tessa, please. If something has happened to my band mates, I have a right to know.”
The silence between them made him squirm and he begged her again. “Please.”
He caught the anguish in her sigh and braced himself for what was to come. “I’m so sorry, Devin. Three people on your bus didn’t make it. I don’t know which ones. I’ll see if I can find out for you.”
Her words inflicted nearly as much pain as the accident had. Exhausted, he couldn’t fight back the tears. “But you said Travis was okay, right?” he choked out. She of all people knew how close he and Travis were. 
“He’s here in intensive care with you and one other person from the bus.”
Relief flooded through him, but the vagueness of her statement and the sadness in her voice told him what her words hadn’t. “But?” he asked, knowing there had to be more.
“Devin, I think it would be best if we waited to talk about this.”
Frustration reared up and filtered through his body, tightening his muscles and pushing him beyond the point of reason. If something terrible had happened to Travis, he needed to know. He lifted himself off the pillow and pushed up onto his elbows. “Damn it, Tess.”
Her hands landed on his shoulders. “Okay, I’ll tell you, but please, lay back and try not to get too upset. You’re still badly injured and I don’t want you to make it worse.” She paused, then finally spoke. “He’s suffered major head trauma in the accident, which we believe has led to severe brain damage. It’s an irreversible loss of cognitive function, but how bad we simply don’t know yet. We have to wait for the swelling to reduce to know for sure.”
Devin’s brow knit as he processed her words. “Irreversible loss of function? What does that mean?”
“It means there’s an outside chance he may be brain dead. We don’t know for sure, Devin, but you need to be aware, even if he’s not, he’ll never again be the person you knew. I’m so very sorry. I know how close you two are.” 
He ripped his hand from hers and brought his arm over his eyes. Not that he needed to hide his eyes from the light, but he really didn’t want her to see him cry. Everything they’d worked so hard for was gone; snatched out from under them in a matter of seconds. It was bad enough to know he may have lost his other band mates, but Travis was different. He wasn’t simply the band’s singer and Devin’s friend. Travis was like a brother, his only family who still mattered. Tears broke free and slid down his temples, wetting his ears before dripping into his hair. 
“Devin?”
He shook his head. “Whatever you’re going to say, please don’t. I want to be alone for awhile.”
She brushed a hand through his hair, and he felt her lips on his forehead. “I’ll check on you in a little bit.”
Nodding, he let his head fall away from her. He didn’t want to think about life without Travis, to face the fact he may well lose his best friend. Should he have warned Travis about the accident? Would it have done any good? If Travis died, Devin was sure he’d spend the rest of his life missing his friend and dealing with the what ifs. 
****
By the time her shift ended, Tess wasn’t sure she wanted to leave. Though Devin was able to talk, he was still in critical condition and with him so despondent, she feared he’d simply give up, especially once he learned about the permanent nerve damage to his hand.
Then there was the issue of the suspicious deaths happening in the hospital. Although they only seemed to happen to patients who were critically or gravely ill, they were taking place more frequently. 
The fact he was awake and talking gave her some comfort, but deep down a hint of fear still plagued her. It wasn’t as if she didn’t trust her colleagues with his care, but ICU was full and there would only be two nurses on duty. If both were tending to other patients, Devin could be an easy target, especially since he was blind. It would be all too easy for the killer to slip in without Devin noticing. 
“Devin?”
He turned toward her. “Yes?”
“My shift is over. Before I leave I wanted to know if you needed anything.”
Without saying a word, he shook his head then returned to his original position.
She stood there, contemplating her next move. Her conscious wouldn’t allow her to walk away without trying to get him to talk. “Has your family been notified? Do you need me to call them?”
He didn’t move. “Mom had a stroke several years ago and Gavin moved her to Atlanta with him. When she had a second stroke and forgot who she was, he put her in a nursing home.”
Tess remembered her mother talking about Mrs. McFadden’s stroke a few years back, but she hadn’t realized it was that bad. “How about your brother? I’m sure Gavin would want to know what’s happened.”
“He’s building a bridge somewhere in Australia right now.”
Tess closed her eyes and mentally cursed herself for not remembering Devin’s brother was a sore subject. When Devin was younger, his parents berated him for pursuing his rock star fantasies and not following his brother’s footsteps to become an engineer. “There must be someone who needs to be here with you, someone I can call?”
“There’s nobody, Tessa. Don’t worry about it. Go home. I’ll be fine.”
She touched his hand. “If you need me, ask the nurse on duty to call me at home and I’ll come back.”
“I’ll be fine,” he repeated.
“I’ll be back tomorrow.”
“I’ll be here.”
Second thoughts raced through her head all the way to her car. Instinct told her to stay with him, but logic argued for her to go home. After all, it wasn’t as though she owed him anything. He was the one who walked out on her. 
Ten more minutes passed while she sat behind the wheel of her Explorer and contemplated her options. Yes, seeing Devin had been a shock. Still, should she allow her own world to come to a screeching halt simply because his had? She shook her head, started her car, and drove out of the parking lot. If she gave in now and stayed, who knew how far she’d allow him to suck her back into his world. No matter how much her heart ached for him, she couldn’t permit him to hurt her again.
She struggled to keep her mind on other things, but Devin consumed her thoughts to the point that when she parked in her driveway, she had to stop and think about how she’d arrived there. The entire distance between the hospital and her home was nothing more than a giant blur.
She unlocked the door, tossed her keys in the dish on the hall table and locked the door behind her. How could a man as rich and famous as Devin be completely alone? That question followed her up stairs and clung to her conscious while she changed clothes. She couldn’t imagine not having a family to fall back on. If it wasn’t for her sisters, sometimes Tess wondered how she’d survive. They were her lifeline, her sanity. With his family out of the picture and his band mates gone, Devin was completely alone. 
A knock on her door dragged Tess from her mental wanderings. She scurried downstairs and peeked out the window. Eric stood on her porch with a grocery bag in hand. She frowned. Was he kidding? After spending the entire weekend with him, all she wanted was some time away. 
She drew in a deep breath and forced a smile as she opened the door. “Eric, hi. What are you doing here?”
Grinning, he held the bag out to her. “I figured you might like some dinner, so I brought Chinese.”
Now how was she supposed to turn down such a sweet offer? She gestured for him to enter. “That was thoughtful, but what if I’d had to work a double shift?”
“Come on, Tess. Give me a little credit. I called the hospital to see if you’d left before I ordered.”
Her eyes narrowed. “You were checking up on me?”
He set the bag on the table and wheeled around to face her, an expression of innocence on his face. “Now don’t get all defensive. I had to call and check the status of the investigation, so I simply inquired if you were still there.”
Tess shook her head. “I don’t know I like you asking about me, Eric. It makes me a little uncomfortable. I mean, it’s not like we’re married anymore.”
A deflated look glinted in his eyes and he swiveled back to the bag of food. “I know. I was trying to do something nice for you.”
The wounded tone in his voice cut her deep. She hadn’t meant to hurt him, but damn if the boy wasn’t thick as a tree trunk sometimes. It wasn’t as if she’d been giving off signals; in fact, it was the opposite. She’d stressed again and again she wanted nothing more than friendship. If he wasn’t getting the hint, she’d have to start taking more drastic measures.
“So when’s your next undercover shift?” she asked, hoping to nip the mood in the butt before it worsened. 
“Tomorrow. Our suspect is supposed to be pulling a day shift in the intensive care unit the rest of this week.”
Her heart jumped a beat then began to pound faster. The mere idea of Devin possibly becoming a target for this deranged person made Tess want to race back to the hospital and protect him. Instead, she struggled to keep her calm and continue with their conversation. She knew Eric’s feelings for Devin, and while deep down she didn’t care what he thought, she also wasn’t prepared to fight with him right now. “Well, I guess I’ll be seeing you a lot tomorrow because I’ve asked to be assigned there for the next week or so.”
Eric arched a curious brow. “Really? That wouldn’t have anything to do with Devin being there, would it?”
She paused over the container of mixed vegetables and looked up at him. “How did you know about Devin?”
He rolled his eyes while his mouth contorted into a frown. “How could I not know? It’s been all over the news, plus one of my buddies at the hospital told me.”
She knew the look he was giving her. It was the same look he’d wear when they were married and fighting. Tess held up her hand. “Whatever you’re going to say, don’t. Okay? Save your lecture for somebody who needs it.”
Eric shrugged. “Who says I was going to lecture you? I just don’t want you getting hurt again.”
She popped open the lid on the white rice and forked out some on the plate. “What makes you think I’m going to get hurt?”
“Because I know what a hold he has over your emotions. You’ve never truly gotten over him leaving, now he’s back and injured. I don’t need to be a rocket scientist to see what a hazardous situation this could be for you emotionally.”
She frowned. “I am not a naïve nineteen year old girl anymore, Eric. I’m not going to get hurt again.” 
“I hope you’re right, but if you get involved with him, I’m afraid that’s exactly what’s going to happen. Honestly, Tess, I don’t have the patience to go through this a second time. If he does hurt you, I won’t be here to help you pick up the pieces again.”
Anger flared deep inside as her brow knit and she narrowed her eyes. “Who asked you to the first time, Eric?”
He dropped his fork on the plate and leaned back in his chair. “Who was the one who held you at night and let you cry after he left? Who was there for you when you found out you were pregnant with his child, and who nursed you back to health after you had the miscarriage?”
As quickly as her anger flared, it was gone and her gaze fell to the plate. “You did.” Leave it to him to use her past against her.
“Damn right I did. I loved you, Tess. I still do, but I can’t compete with Devin, and I’m not going to do it anymore.”
“Then don’t-” 
The ringing of the phone interrupted her sentence and she glanced in the direction of the cordless sitting in the living room. 
“Finish your dinner and let the answering machine get it,” Eric said.
Tess shook her head and slipped from her seat, racing to beat the answering machine. “It’s the hospital.”
“How do you know that? I suppose you have ESP now?”
She shot him a dirty look as she pushed the talk button. “Hello?”
“Tess, it’s Pam. Listen, I saw on Devin McFadden’s chart if anything happened you were to be notified.”
A quick pang of panic jetted through her system. Did the killer get to him already? “Yeah, what’s wrong?”
“He’s suffered a collapsed lung about ten minutes ago. They’ve taken him up to surgery to insert a tube and re-inflate it, but I figured you’d want to know anyway.”
“Was it on the same side as his broken ribs?”
“Yeah, they’re going to do an x-ray to see if maybe one of the broken ribs somehow moved and punctured the lung.”
“Thanks for calling, Pam. I’ll be there as soon as I can.”
She hung up the phone, turned and nearly ran smack into the hard wall of Eric’s chest. 
“What’s happened?” he asked.
She fixed her gaze on him. “Devin suffered a collapsed lung and is in surgery.”
“How did you know it was the hospital calling, Tess? You couldn’t have seen the caller ID from where you were sitting.”
She stared at him, unable to answer. “I…um…I don’t really know. Somehow, I knew who it was. I’m sorry, Eric, but I don’t have time for this conversation. I have to go back to the hospital.”
He touched her arm, stopping her as she passed him. “I meant what I said, before.”
“I know, but no matter what happened between us in the past, I can’t walk away from him now. Not when he’s injured and alone.”
Eric’s face twisted with frustration, and he ran a hand through his short auburn hair. “Damn it, Tess, he’s not some lost puppy in need of a home. Do you honestly think once he’s better he’s going to give up the life he has to stay with you?”
She’d had enough of Eric’s accusations and stepped toe to toe with him. Though she was easily a foot shorter than him, it didn’t stop her from getting in his face. “No, I don’t and I don’t expect you to understand. I care for you, Eric, but like I said when I filed for divorce, I’m not in love with you. Devin and I have a connection. I can’t explain it and don’t really understand it, but I also know I can’t ignore it. If I am destined to be alone, then I’ll learn to live with that. What I can’t live with is walking away from him right now.”
Eric shook his head as he let out a long breath. “You’re right. I don’t understand. All I ask is that you be careful.” 
“I will.” She skirted past him, raced up the steps and threw some clean clothes and toiletries in a bag. If worse came to worse she could crash on the couch in the doctor’s lounge, but she wasn’t going to leave again, until she was sure he would be okay.
Twenty minutes later, Tess drew a chair up to the side of Devin’s bed and sat. From what she could tell, he appeared to be sleeping soundly, a good sign the medication was easing the pain caused by his broken ribs. He was taking full deep breaths, which was also good. It meant the chest tube was doing its job, and with any luck he wouldn’t develop pneumonia or an infection from his collapsed lung. 
He moved, and a grimace claimed his face while he shifted into another position. She ached for him. It didn’t matter if he’d broken her heart once before. Right now, he needed her, and she’d be damned if he was going to go through this alone.
Chapter Three

Tess stood at the bathroom sink and stared at her reflection in mirror, wondering exactly what she’d gotten herself into. The last two days represented a whirlwind of emotion and stress. Since the suspected killer was working in the intensive care unit with her, Tess found herself not only keeping extra vigil on Devin, but also playing the part of undercover detective for Eric and his crew. 
Having to following Mitch around and double check his work without him noticing, hadn’t been easy. But the bigger problem lay in that she hadn’t found anything of consequence which could link him to the deaths in the hospital. Her failure left the team no closer to uncovering the killer than they had been.
She removed several paper towels from the dispenser, ran them under the cool water and blotted her face. Already more tired than she should be while working, Tess knew she couldn’t continue this routine for any extended period of time. It wasn’t as if she sat behind a desk all day where if she made a typo it could be easily fixed. When it came to giving the correct medication, misreading the dosage could lead to deadly consequences. 
When she pulled the towels away, something flashed in her eyes. Tess gasped and grabbed the sink to steady herself as the room shifted and the light faded. Her eyes began to focus, revealing one of the many hospital corridors. Unsure of what she was seeing, she blinked, yet the corridor remained. 
Still trying to understand how she’d made it from the bathroom to the corridor, Tess surveyed her surroundings. Nurses came and went without paying her much attention. No one seemed to realize anything was wrong. 
The next thing she knew she was moving, walking slowly down the hallway. After a few steps, she realized she was in the cancer ward. She passed in front of the nurse’s desk, waved to one of the nurses on duty, then headed for the room at the end of the hall. She stopped in front of the closed door and reached into her pocket.
A pounding noise yanked Tess from the moment and she stumbled backward hitting the wall with enough force to knock the air from her lungs. 
“Tess, are you okay?” Casey’s voice carried through the hard wood door. 
Tess gasped and worked to steady her breathing as she scanned the tiny employee bathroom. What had just happened? 
“Tess, answer me or I’m coming in.”
Her attention darted to the closed door. “Um. Yeah, Casey. I’m fine. I’ll be out in a second. With a quick glanced back to the mirror, she shook off the lingering effects and opened the door, giving Casey a curious look. “What are you doing down here?”
“I needed some extra equipment brought up from the first floor and asked Mitch to take care of it for me. He said you were on break so I told him I’d cover shift for him until he got back.” Casey cocked her head to the side and appeared to study Tess. “Are you okay?”
Tess switched off the bathroom light and walked past Casey toward the nurse’s desk. “I’m fine. Why do you ask?” She wasn’t fine by any means, but how could she possibly explain what happened when she didn’t understand it.
“Because you look like hell.”
Tess glanced back at her and wrinkled her nose. “Gee thanks a lot, Casey.”
Casey’s brows smoothed, her expression apologetic. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it like that. You look like you haven’t had much slept is all.”
Tess plopped down in the closest chair. “Actually I haven’t, well, not much anyway.”
Casey leaned against the desk, propping one hip on the corner. “I told you sleeping on the sofa in the lounge wasn’t a good idea. It wreaks havoc on the body.”
Tess shook her head. “It’s not that. I’ve been having some really strange dreams the last few nights, and I guess I’m a bit bothered by them.”
Casey frowned. “What kind of dreams?”
“They’re kind of hard to explain, but I remember last nights' had a pit of fire and a dragon in it.”
The crease in Casey’s brow smoothed. ”A dragon?” The edge of her lips tipped into a smile. 
Tess let out a sigh and leaned back in her chair. “Yeah, I know, it sounds like some sort of twisted fairy tale, but I’m telling you it’s a little disturbing. I rarely remember my dreams, yet the last few nights have been so vivid I would swear they were real.”
Casey shook her head. “I still say you need to stop worrying about Devin McFadden and go home. His condition has stabilized, and if he continues to improve he’ll be moved to intermediate care within the next few days.” She glanced at her watch. “Damn, where the hell is Mitch. It doesn’t take that long to bring up a couple of blood pressure machines. 
 “You’re right it doesn’t.”
The sound of Mitch’s voice caused both of them to turn their heads. Tess caught Casey’s scowl in her peripheral vision. “So where in the hell have you been?”
“While I was there, they had a cardiac arrest so I stayed to help.” He walked farther into the room. “The equipment is sitting in the hallway outside.”
Casey’s scowl softened and she nodded. “Thank you, Mitch. I’m sorry for snapping at you.”
Mitch shook his head. “Don’t worry about it.”
Casey patted Tess’s shoulder as she headed for the door. “Try and get some sleep tonight. I’m already short-handed and can’t afford to force you off duty because you’re a danger.”
“I will.” Tess said watching Casey disappear out the door. She only hoped she could sleep tonight without having more of those disturbing dreams. In an attempt to put her nightmares out of her mind, she returned her attention to Mitch. “So what happened with the cardiac arrest?”
Mitch shook his head. “They couldn’t revive him. The whole situation was sad. Apparently, he was all alone and suffering from pancreatic cancer. From what Tori told me, the man’s wife passed away last year after a stroke, and they never had any children.” Mitch’s features slid into a somber expression. “It’s not right. Somebody should have been there with him in his last moments.” He sighed. “But that’s life, I guess. Oh,” he snapped his fingers. “Tori wanted me to remind you to meet her in the cafeteria after shift today?”
Tess rolled her eyes toward the ceiling. “She wants to harass me over spending so much time here doting on Devin.”
Mitch shifted his gaze from Tess to the bed across the room where Devin lay and then back. “Why are you so concerned over him? I mean I know he’s famous and all, but it’s not like you’re his personal nurse or anything—no offense.”
Tess smiled. “No offense taken. Devin and I dated in high school, and well, he doesn’t have family here anymore, so I’m kind of the only family he has. I guess I don’t want him to feel like he’s all alone.”
“That’s really noble of you. It’s a shame that cardiac arrest patient didn’t have someone like you around.”
Tess shrugged. “I care about him and until he’s in a little better physical condition, I’m a little worried about leaving him alone.”
“What, you afraid the rest of us can’t care for him the way you do?” Even though there was a hint of humor in his tone, Tess couldn’t help but feel a bit guilty. It was a legitimate question and one she needed to consider. Was her motivation for staying simply based on the Angel of Death killer loose in the hospital or was it more personal? “I trust you guys to take care of him, but I think it’s easier on Devin to have someone he’s familiar with being here. If he doesn’t feel like he’s all alone, he’ll be less agitated and will hopefully recover quicker.”
Mitch arched a brow. “Uh huh. I think you’re deluding yourself. You need to admit you still have feelings for the man.”
Intent on rebutting his statement, Tess opened her mouth, then promptly shut it again. What he said was true, and she couldn’t argue his point without lying to herself in the process.
****
“So I think maybe it’s time for you to stop worrying about Devin.” Tori said. 
Frustrated, Tess leaned back in her seat and sighed. “Not you too.” She was sick of hearing other people harp on her over her recent change in sleeping arrangements. 
Tori cocked her head to the side. “Yeah, me too. Come on, Tess. You’ve been here since Monday. I understand you’re worried about Devin, but enough is enough.”
“I promise, Tori. When he’s well enough to move into intermediate care, I’ll go home. Until then, I feel as though I need to be here.”
Tori folded her arms and rest them on the table top. “Are you sure you’re not using Devin as an excuse to avoid Eric?”
“Why would I need to avoid Eric?”
“Because, despite the divorce, he’s never really given up his role as husband and that drives you crazy.”
Tess rolled her eyes. “Please. Eric and I parted on good terms and are friends now.”
“Friends?” Tori arched a brow. “Right. And I’m the Queen of England.” 
Tess pushed a thumb to her temple and rubbed her fingers across her brow. First Eric started in on her, then Casey and Mitch, and now Tori. Where exactly was it written that her personal life was open for public discussion? And while she loved Tori like a sister, Tess could only take so much prodding, even from her best friend. “I’m not having this conversation with you anymore. Can we please change the subject?”
Tori’s disapproving look told Tess she wasn’t through, but she nodded. “Okay, how about we talk about you working with Magnificent Mitch all week. How lucky are you?”
Tess’s brow crease. “What the hell are you talking about?”
“I’m talking about Mitch Martin and all six feet two of his rock hard muscles. Did you know he works out for over an hour every day?”
Tess picked up the lid to her water bottle and tapped it against the table. “Honestly, I hadn’t noticed.”
“Then you must be the only nurse in the entire hospital who hasn’t. I swear, Tess, if I was the type of woman to have a one night stand, Mitch Martin would be on the top of my list.”
Tess couldn’t help the laugh escaping her throat. Tori always talked a good game, but when it came right down to it, she was married to one man, God. “I can’t believe you even said that, isn’t thinking about having premarital sex some sort of sin too?”
Tori wrinkled her nose and shook her head. “Ha, ha. Very funny, but you really shouldn’t mock the Church, Tess. One day you’re time will come and wouldn’t you rather face your maker with a clean conscious than have to repent for your sins?”
Now why had she steered the conversation down the religious path when she knew Tori’s passion for the church? “I’m sorry, Tori. I shouldn’t have belittled your beliefs. It’s just the way you were talking about Mitch that made me think you might have fallen back into your old ways.”
While in her early teens, Tori had been raped by her mother’s boyfriend. The problem was her mother never believed her story, and after awhile Tori gave up trying to get anybody to listen to her. Instead she learned to use her body to get what she wanted and by the time she'd made it to high school, Tori had developed a reputation for being easy. 
It was after getting drunk and nearly being gang raped in college that Tori found God. Tess gave her friend credit for rising above her past and making a better life for herself. For many, the emotional damage would have been too great.
Tori shook her head. “I was in a bad way back then. I shouldn’t have allowed myself to be used like that, and I will never go back. But I’m not above appreciating a good looking guy when I see one.”
“Let’s not forget he’s a damn good nurse too.”
Tori sipped her soda and nodded. “You’re right. He’s good at what he does, and he was a huge help earlier. It’s a shame his work was all for nothing.”
Tess arched a brow. “Mitch said he helped out, but didn’t allude to much more. What exactly did he do?”
“Well,” Tori sat up straighter in her chair and leaned forward. “He was in the storage closet directly across the hallway from the patient’s room, getting the equipment for Casey when he overheard the alarms go off. By the time we all made it to the room, Mitch was already giving the patient CPR.”
Tori leaned back and for a moment seemed to ponder her words before picking up her drink. “It was a real shame, but I guess it was his time to go.”
Tess’s mind churned with information. A picture of her earlier experience in the bathroom flashed through her brain and she realized the connection. It couldn’t have been a coincidence that Mitch had been present during another death. Could he be the Angel of Death? She struggled to keep her thoughts from encroaching on her conversation while she conjured up a way to cut her time with Tori short. She hated that she had to keep Tori in the dark about the investigation, but she also knew the importance of finding the killer. For each worker inside the hospital who knew, it was one more person who could compromise the investigation. “I suppose,” she finally managed to reply.
She needed to get to Eric and quick. “Well, I hate to cut our chat time short, but I’m exhausted. I’m going to head up to the doctor’s lounge and see if I can catch some zzz’s.”
Tori frowned. “Why are you insistent on staying here when you have a perfectly good bed at home?” She held up her hand. “You know what? Never mind. I know your reasons, and I’m not interested in ending up in an argument with you.” She stood and picked up her purse from where it hung on the chair. “Try and get a good night’s sleep. I’m heading home.”
Tess nodded. “I will.” She remained seated while Tori walk across the cafeteria and disappear out the doors, then scrambled for her cell phone. Grabbing her water with one hand, she rushed outside, flipped open her cell with the other and dialed Eric’s number. 
“Hello.”
“Hey it’s me. Listen, we had another death today, and I have some interesting information for you. Meet me in the first floor doctor’s lounge.”
Chapter Four

Devin sat in the wheelchair next to Travis’s bed and did his best to ignore the pain in his chest. His ribs were hurting something fierce, but knowing the seriousness of Travis’s condition, he didn’t want to miss the opportunity for a last goodbye. It didn’t matter if there was a good possibility Travis couldn’t hear and wouldn’t understand him. He still needed to do this.
He patted his hand along the top of the mattress until he encountered Travis’s fingers. “I’m so sorry,” he whispered as he choked back the lump in his throat. “I knew. I’d had a vision about the accident before it happened and I didn’t tell you because I didn’t want you to worry.” He squeezed Travis’s hand. “I don’t know if it would have made a difference, but if I had it to do over, I’d tell you.”
His tears stung his eyes and Devin wiped his free hand across them, preventing any from falling. “We’re it you know.” He sucked in a deep breath and held it against the growing pain in his chest. “Cooper, Kyle and Chase are all gone. Ascension is no more.”
More than anything, Devin wished he could see so he could look at Travis and take in the finality of the situation. Somehow, in his mind, it would make it easier to deal with. Instead, all he encountered was darkness. “I’ll never forget the friendship we have. You’ve been closer to me than even my own brother. Hell, Travis, I’ve told you things nobody else in the world knows and you’re going to take those secrets to the grave, aren’t you?”
Tears welled a second time and when they broke free he didn’t bother to stop them. If people thought less of him because he openly wept for his best friend then it was their problem, not his. “You can’t leave, man. You’re all I have left. I need you here, not for the band’s sake, but for yours and mine. Please hang in there and get better.”
“Devin?”
The female voice coming from behind him sounded familiar, but it wasn’t Tess and the rest of the nursing staff addressed him as Mr. McFadden. “Yes?”
He listened to the woman move next to him and her warm palm landed on his forearm. “It’s Amy. Do you remember me?”
His lips twitched into a sad smile. “How could I forget Travis’s favorite little sister?”
She laughed, but he could hear the sadness in her tone. “I wasn’t sure if you’d remember. I spoke to the nurses when I came in and they told me you’re blind right now, so I didn’t want to scare you when I walked up.”
She always was the considerate one, constantly worrying about other people’s feelings. “I appreciate that.”
“So, how are you doing?”
Devin shrugged, then wished he hadn’t when pain radiated from his ribcage up through is shoulder. “I’m okay, I guess,” he said, a bit breathless. “I’m getting used to the being blind thing, but I’ll be much happier when my ribs are healed, and I can breathe without pain.” He felt weird complaining about his ailments when Travis lay unconscious next to him, but she had asked.
“If you don’t mind me asking, what happened?”
Devin closed his eyes and steadied his nerves before recounting the events. “It all happened so fast. It was snowing badly and the road was slick. I think maybe we were cut off by a car because I remember the bus swerving. Then it hit the guardrail and the next thing I knew, we were being thrown around like rag dolls.”
“I’m so sorry you guys had to go through that,” she replied. “At least you survived to tell the tale.” 
“Travis is still here, Amy. Don’t discount him yet.”
“Devin.” She slid her hand down his arm and wrapped her fingers over his. “Travis is gone already. The person laying here is merely a shell. I know it sounds harsh, but it’s the truth. The doctors have yet to find any brain activity. The only thing keeping him alive is the respirator.”
Devin shook his head, not wanting to believe her. “Tessa said his brain’s still swollen. You have to give him time to heal, that’s all.”
“You sound like my parents.” He could tell by the change in her tone, she was now crying. “As much as Abigail and I try to convince them to let him go, they refuse to pull the plug and won’t sign a do not resuscitate order.”
“You can’t blame them for wanting to give him every chance. He’s their only boy, and they love him.” Devin absently wondered if it had been him in that position if his brother would have had trouble making the decision. As much as he wanted to be wrong, a nagging in the pit of his stomach told him, no. His brother probably wouldn’t think twice.
“No, I suppose I can’t, but seeing him like this hurts everybody who loves him. None of us want him to die. Hell, Devin, he’s my big brother, my kiddo’s Uncle. We’ve been through so much together over the years, I can’t imagine how empty my life is going to feel without him in it, but even if he somehow managed to survive, the doctors say he’ll never wake up. What kind of life is that for him or for us?” She squeezed his hand. “I know how hard this is for you, but make your peace with him and say your goodbye’s while you have the chance, because eventually my parents will come around and put an end to this.”
****
It was quiet, almost too quiet. Tess walked along the corridor, her shoes barely making a sound against the tile floor. She headed toward the intensive care unit, though for what reason she didn’t quite know. It was late and she was off shift, so why was she here?
All around her people continued working, some nodded and smiled as she passed, others barely noticed her, yet she couldn’t hear anything they were saying. It was as if someone had muted the sound on a bad television show.
As she moved to the edge of Travis’s bed, she scanned the room. Nurses scurried about, tending to the other patients in the unit. Once sure she was unnoticed, she moved to the side of the bed and reached into her pocket, where she removed a small vial and a needle.
Tess studied the vial then began to fill the syringe, but something wasn’t right. The hands had long nails painted a bright red and her left hand was adorned with a strange looking ring on her middle finger. It almost appeared to be a fish, the symbol for Jesus synonymous with the Christian religion. Where had that come from? She didn’t own any jewelry like that.
As the syringe filled, she barely caught the wording on the bottle before pocketing the empty container. Phenobarbital! Her hands moved forward and began to inject the liquid into the IV line. “No!” She screamed, but the sound dissipated, replaced by an eerie silence.
Tess jerked awake and sat up straight. She blinked several times in an attempt to clear the fuzzy feeling from her head. What the hell had she seen? She was sure it was more than some random dream cooked up by an overly active imagination, but if it wasn’t simply a dream then what was it? 
She noted her shaky hands, paying close attention to the short unpainted nails at the tips of her fingers. The absence of the ring only served to confuse her more. Never would she do what the person in her dream had done, but what had the images meant, and if it wasn’t her then whose eyes had she been looking through?
Code blue, ICU. Code blue ICU, the automated voice called over the loud speaker.
Tess bolted from the sofa she’d been sleeping on, yanked open the lounge door and followed the doctors and crash cart down the corridor into the unit. She hadn’t meant to fall asleep on the couch, and had only intended to sit for a few minutes. Had her mistake allowed the unthinkable to happen?
Her gaze darted in Devin’s direction, and she was relieved when she realized it wasn’t him they’d been called for, but she stopped dead in her tracks when she saw they were swarming Travis’s bed. Barely able to swallow the lump forming in her throat she watched while they worked to save Travis’s life. With each round of CPR, her own heart pumped faster, the sound growing louder in her ears. A silent prayer passed over her lips and she willed him to live, to defy the hand of death touching him.
Much to her disappointment, all efforts to save Travis suddenly stopped and the doctor pronounced the time of death. Her legs gave out beneath her and the scene began to fade, tunneling into blackness as she crumpled to the ground.
****
“Tess? Tess? Can you hear me?”
Tess slowly opened her eyes. She scanned the room only to discover she was back in the doctor’s lounge. “What happened?” she asked and moved to sit up on the couch. Eric sidled up to her and slipped an arm around her waist as Doctor Green crouched in front of her. “You passed out.”
She lifted her hand to her head as she mentally rid herself of the cobwebs in her brain. “Really? The last thing I remember was standing in ICU.”
“How do you feel now?”
Um…fine I guess. I’m a little groggy, and I have a bit of a headache.”
 “You’re not getting enough rest,” Eric argued.
Oh, this was so not a conversation she wanted to have with him. “Eric, please.”
“I mean it, Tess. You’ve been here for four days straight, either working or sitting by Devin’s bed. You’re so worried about him, but what about your own health?”
“What are you doing here?” The question sounded harsh even to her ears, and she winced at the hurt expression claiming his features. She hadn’t meant to sound ungrateful for his concern. 
Eric nodded to the doctor. “Doctor Green called me. I’m still listed on your contacts form.”
“Oh.” Tess made a mental note to change her contacts as soon as possible. Eric already doted on her more than she liked. The last thing she needed was the hospital staff thinking they were still a couple.
“I’m going to drive you home and make sure you go to bed.”
Tess tugged away from him and stood. “You will do no such thing. I never said I was going home.”
Though he remained seated, Eric looked up at her, the anger evident in his eyes. “You’re being completely unreasonable. Have you looked in a mirror lately? You look like a damn raccoon with those big, dark circles under your eyes. You’re putting your own health in jeopardy for Devin’s and that has to stop right now.”
Intent on rebutting his argument, Tess started to speak, but was interrupted by the doctor. 
“He’s right, you know. Your friend is moving to intermediate care later today. Actually, I’ve never seen anything quite like it. He’s making a remarkable recovery considering everything he’s been through. Now why don’t you let Detective Parker take you home? Take a couple of aspirin and nice hot bath, then get a good night sleep. You won’t do your friend or us any good if you’re not well.”
Knowing she was out numbered, Tess glanced between Eric and Doctor Green and her shoulders slumped in defeat. “Okay, you guy’s win. I’ll go home, but I want to talk to Devin first. He needs to be told about Travis, and I want to be the one to tell him.”
Eric started to protest, but Doctor Green held up a hand to stop him. “I think it’s a fair compromise. Don’t be too long.”
She agreed and turned to Eric. “I need to do this alone, so if you wouldn’t mind, I’d like for you to wait here, I’ll be back in ten minutes.”
Eric frowned, but nodded.
****
Devin could hear the footsteps coming toward his bed and knew it was Tess. Over the last few days, he’d figured out the gate of her walk and new the pattern by heart. Before she’d even said anything, he was reaching for her. “Are you okay? I overheard the doctor’s yell your name a few minutes ago. Somebody said you passed out.”
She grasped his hand and squeezed. “I’m fine, so don’t you worry okay?”
“I don’t believe you, Tessa. The tone in your voice is telling me a different story.” He didn’t want to be so forward with her, but he’d be damned if he was going to allow her to lie not only to him, but to herself.
“Actually, I have something to tell you and it’s not good.”
He could feel her presence hovering close to his head and hear her choppy breathing as she spoke. “What’s wrong?”
“It’s Travis. He passed away a few minutes ago. I’m so very sorry, Devin.”
Devin closed his eyes and swallowed hard. He wasn’t going to cry again, especially in front of her. She seemed vulnerable enough right now without him adding to her worries. “How?” he managed to ask. 
“They’re saying it was due to too much swelling on his brain.”
“But you don’t believe them?”
“I…I don’t know. Can I ask you a personal question?”
“You know you can.”
“Do you still have your visions?” 
He couldn’t help but wonder what his visions had to do with Travis dying or Tessa’s fainting spell. “I haven’t had any since I lost my eyesight, but yeah, up until the accident I was having them. Why?”
A long silence fell between them before she spoke again. “Because I think I may have witnessed Travis’s murder.” 
His body jerked at the sound of her words, and he sucked in a sharp breath against the pain. Few people had the powers of precognition and even fewer knew how to interpret the visions. He couldn’t risk others overhearing their conversation. The rumors that could come from something like this could hurt them both. “Come close, and quietly tell me what you saw.”
He listened to her lower the bed rail. The bed sank slightly under her weight as she sat down next to him. 
“I sat down on the couch in the doctor’s lounge to rest. Only I must have fallen asleep, and I assumed I was dreaming. It was as if I was in somebody else’s body. I watched this person, whoever it was, give him an injection of Phenobarbital. When I woke up, the code blue call was made and I followed the doctors in here.” 
Devin considered her words carefully, paying close attention to the details she described. She paused for a second and gripped his hand between hers. 
“I don’t know why, but somehow I know it was real, Devin. Travis was murdered.”
He shook his head. “This is beyond anything I’ve experienced. I have had visions in my sleep, Tessa, but nothing quite as vivid and never through somebody else’s eyes. Usually they’re simply a flash here or there, sparked by a certain smell or sound, just enough to give me a hint of what’s going to happen, but never in so much detail.”
“You said you haven’t had any visions since the accident. Is it possible we still have some sort of connection and you’ve somehow transferred your abilities to me?”
He searched his memory. “We’ll always have the connection, Tessa, but I don’t see how I could give you my powers.” 
In everything he’d learned about precognition and ESP, he couldn’t remember ever reading about transferring the power to someone else. Still, his grandfather had been the one who’d taught him how to create the connection to another. The link he’d generated with Tess when they were only sixteen gave them the ability to not only feel each other’s emotions and pain, but also be able to read each other’s thoughts. Over the years the bridge had waned, yet on some level it still existed. He could feel it. Maybe because of their link the ability to transfer power was possible.
“What about the ritual we did together when we were young?” she asked.
“Maybe. Honestly, Tessa I don’t know. I wish my Grandfather were still alive so I could ask him. All I can tell you is to document everything and be careful whom you tell. If you are having visions, I don’t want you ending up a suspect, or worse yet, a target.”
“Do you remember Eric Parker?”
Devin nodded. “He was an old friend of mine from high school.”
“He’s also my ex-husband and a detective for the Mechanicsburg PD. He knows about us, about our connection. I think I’d be safe in telling him.”
“I don’t know, Tessa. You’ll have to use your own judgment on that, but whatever you decide, please be careful.”
“I will.” She squeezed his hand. “I promised Eric I’d go home to get some rest. Are you going to be okay if I leave?”
Devin reflected on his life with Travis and how he’d never get to see his friend again. It was one more person gone from his life. 
Forever. 
“I’ll be fine. You go home.”
Chapter Five

Tess tossed and turned, twisting the covers on her bed this way and that. How was she supposed to sleep when every time she closed her eyes all she saw was the day’s earlier events? 
Blowing out a frustrated sigh, she threw the covers off her and sulked toward the bathroom. Maybe a hot bath and a glass of wine was what she needed to relax. She removed the bottle of sweet pea scented bubble bath from beneath the sink and set the taps. Quickly she headed downstairs to pour herself a glass of red wine. As she fumbled through the cabinets looking for her favorite wine glass she stumbled across a small bottle stored at the back of the top shelf. Her fingers wrapped around the container and she held it in the light. It had been years since she’d been tempted to invoke the visions which would allow her to connect with Devin. Now as she held the tiny bottle of belladonna in her hand, her subconscious waged war with her desire. Hell, she wasn’t even sure the ingredients were still good or if she would even remember how to use it. 
Tess set the container on the counter and moved to retrieve a bottle of wine from the rack in the corner of the room. She poured herself a glass, then without giving herself time to think about it, she plucked the dropper from the top of the bottle and placed two drops of the concentration into the red liquid. 
Careful to return the bottle to its original hiding place, she then picked up her glass and went back up to the bathroom. She shut off the taps and set the glass on the ledge above the tub.
Candles! How could she forget she would need the candles? Had she remembered nothing he taught her? Tess scurried across the hall to her room and extracted the container from the bottom of the closet. Inside she found the white pillar candles still attached to their bases and a small jewelry box. She lifted the box out of the container and sat back on her heels. She’d completely forgotten about the necklace. Slowly, Tess removed the lid and set her gaze upon the stone inside. Even without removing it from the safety of the box, she could feel the amulets power radiating toward her. 
When she thought she’d finally managed to put Devin behind her, she removed the necklace and placed it in the box, unwilling to rid herself of it completely. It was only after she’d packed away the very things that kept them linked that she finally felt their connection begin to wane. She’d been sad to let it happen, yet she knew she’d never be happy as long as she stayed joined to him.
Five years later, it didn’t surprise her to realize she still wasn’t happy. With shaky hands, she removed the necklace from the safety of its home and fastened it around her neck. She let out a gasp as a feeling of ardor flooded her body from the inside out, then picked up the candles and incense stick and headed back to the bathroom.
She lit the candles and incense, then switched off the light and stripped out of her clothes. Once her hair was up and out of the way, she picked up the glass of wine and stepped into the tub. The water rippled around her legs and splashed against the porcelain as she settled beneath the bubbles. She sipped the wine, leaned back and closed her eyes; her mind immediately began to wander. She thought about Eric; and how hard he'd worked to give her the life she always wanted. It wasn’t his fault he wasn’t Devin. If she were being completely honest with herself, she should have never said yes to his proposal in the first place. Still, in her defense, she’d been a lot younger and desperate for the ‘real life’ Eric promised.
Her next sip of wine was more akin to a gulp and she sank further into the water, relishing in the relaxed feeling slowly infiltrating her muscles. Would it really be so bad to fall asleep right here in the water? Besides looking like a Shar-Pei when she finally climbed from the tub, was there actually any harm?
Her head tilted to one side as she set the wine glass back on the small shelf above her and she stared blankly at the candle atop the counter. The flame danced and twisted, enticing her to come closer. Though she never stirred, it moved toward her. Her lips parted slightly on a gasp when a nearly transparent picture began to form behind the flame. It grew more opaque with each breath and continued to come closer, engulfing the room around her until she was completely ensconced within the image.
Devin stood next to a Japanese style bed, a smile plastered across his handsome face. “I hoped you’d come back.” He extended a hand for her to take. She wrapped her fingers around his and he slowly tugged her to him. “I missed you, Tessa.” 
“I missed you too,” she whispered back as she leaned her head against his shoulder. His muscles flexed beneath her while the musky scent of cologne and man filled her senses. She looked up at him, studying the slight jut of his chin and sloping angle of his jaw. A light layer of stubble served to soften the line, giving him more of the boyish quality she remembered from when they were younger. He angled his head and looked down at her. His dark, puppy dog brown eyes glowed with a happiness she hadn’t seen before. “You are more beautiful than I remember.”
She smiled. “You act like you haven’t seen me in years, Devin. I know what you’re capable of and you can’t tell me you haven’t been curious and checked up on me sometime in the last decade.”
He pushed her to arms length and tucked a stray hair behind her ear. “Actually, when you stopped wearing the amulet you locked me out. I haven’t seen you since you stopped wearing the necklace and now with me being blind, I could only hope you’d reopen our connection so I could see you again.”
Blind? Her heart beat faster. “So this isn’t some weird dream induced by the belladonna?”
He shook his head and smiled. “No, baby. Like I always told you, the necklace is the gateway between us. The belladonna you ingested only helps to keep your mind clear and open to the experience. This moment is as real as anything you’ve ever experienced.”
She touched a hand to his face. His skin was warm beneath her palm and the feel of his five o’clock shadow prickled against her fingertips. “But you’re not wearing your amulet. It’s locked away with your other personal items at the hospital, so how are you here?”
He removed her hand from his face and planted a kiss in the middle of her palm, sending a flood of desire racing up her arm. “You’ve forgotten about my telekinetic abilities. It’s not easy to manipulate time and space without the amulet, but not impossible. I’m using a lot of my own energy to maintain the connection.”
Her smile immediately faded. “But you need all your energy to recover, Devin. You need to go back before you hurt yourself. We don’t have to do this now.”
“Like hell I will.” He dragged her tight against him. His long arms wrapped around her, encompassing her within his possessive embrace. “I’ve waited a long time to have you in my arms again, honey, and I’ll be damned if I’m going to let you go that easily.” 
Before she had time to think, his mouth came down over hers, covering her moan while he kissed her with the passion of a million lifetimes. 
She wrapped her arms around his neck, laced her fingers through his shoulder length hair, and leaned into him, feeling the proof of his desire rubbing against her belly. What they were doing was wrong and she needed to stop it before the situation grew completely out of control. “Devin,” she murmured between kisses.
“Yes, a Ghrá.”
Her heart jump upon hearing his spoken endearment and all reason fluttered away. She’d always been a sucker for his Irish accent, but when he spoke to her in Gaelic she practically melted into a puddle. “Never mind.” 
 “Let me inside you, Tessa. Let me have you the way no other man can.”
Knowing if she did, it would only strengthen their tie to each other, making it that much harder on her when he left, she hedged. “I don’t know.”
He brushed a knuckle along her cheek. “Have you also forgotten when you’re in this state I know everything you’re thinking? I promise, on my father’s grave I’m not going to hurt you again. I still regret I did it the first time. Fate brought us back together, Tessa. I’m not stupid enough to ignore that fact. I want to stay and make a life with you, if you’re willing to give me another chance.”
There was sincerity in his words and love radiating from eyes. He meant everything he said; still she couldn’t help but worry about his other life. “What about your career, Devin? Even with the others gone, you’re still here and you’re famous. Are you willing to walk away from everything you’ve worked so hard for to be with me?”
“Yes.”
She blinked, and her jaw dropped open as she shot him an exasperated look. “That’s it? You’re so certain that you’re willing to put it all into a simple yes?”
“I love you, Tessa and that’s the only thing that matters.”
More than anything, she wanted to believe him, to give into her desire and launch herself at him with everything she had to offer. Still, doubts lingered. 
He leaned into her and gently mouthed the soft flesh below her ear. “I know you’re worried and after what I did you have every right to be. Let me prove it to you. Give me a chance to earn back your trust, a chumann.”
Her knees buckled as his warm breath wafted across her ear. With what seemed like little effort, he picked her up and carried her to the bed, then followed her down onto the mattress, his kiss consuming her in a way no other man had ever been able to do. By its own volition, her body arched into him, and she wrapped her legs around his waist. Making love like this was nothing like anything she’d experienced. It was mind-blowing and could only be made better by a physical connection. With Devin still injured and her own doubts continuing to plague her, that certainly wasn’t going to happen any time soon, but for now she’d take what she could get. 
****
“I am not going back to California, so you might as well drop the subject, okay?” Frustration filtered through Devin as he stated his intentions for the third time. Moving from intensive care, where only family were allowed in, to intermediate care now gave representatives from the record company an opportunity to see him and talking to his manager, Eddie, was like having a conversation with a toddler. He simply didn’t listen.
“Look, Devin, babe. I understand how you’re feeling right now. The rest of the band is gone and you’ve got that whole being blind thing to deal with. If it was me I’d probably be a little freaked out too.”
“But it’s not happening to you, is it, Eddie? It’s happening to me and I’m not going to have you uproot me from here and trek me half way across the country so you can use my situation as some sick promotional opportunity.”
“Ouch,” Eddie hissed. “That hurts, Devin. Do you really think I’d use your misfortune just to sell a few more albums?”
Was he kidding? Edward Fairchild had been a record company appointed manager and Devin hated him from the moment they met. As far as he was concerned, Eddie was nothing more than an executive yes man, who, for the right opportunity, would sell out his own mother. “Do you really want me to answer?” 
In an attempt to relieve the pain signals his ribcage was sending, Devin shifted uncomfortably in the bed, fumbled for the controls and eased back the head of the mattress. After last nights mental escapade with Tess, he was almost too tired to argue with Eddie. Almost. 
The bed sank slightly and Devin could only assume Eddie had perched himself at the foot as he brushed up against his fractured leg. Devin held his breath and bit down into his lip in order to keep from yelling at the man for being such and insensitive clod. The man really couldn’t help it. Devin had learned a long time ago that Eddie’s gene in charge of his empathy traits either didn’t exist or was obviously damage. 
“I don’t think you’re capable of seeing the bigger picture here, Devin.” Eddie patted Devin’s good leg. “Yes, things are bad now. What happened to the rest of the band is a tragedy, but you’re still here, the lone survivor of one of the worst accidents to hit the music industry in the last twenty years. That’s huge. The band’s CDs are flying off the store shelves. You’re the most downloaded artist right now, and every television and radio station across the country is begging for an interview with you.”
Devin shook his head in disbelieve. The man was indeed one twisted fuck. “Didn’t you say, not but two minutes ago, you weren’t going to capitalize on this?”
“I’m not. You are.”
Suddenly it all made sense. Early on, Devin had learned the music industry was nothing more than a heartless machine driven by egos and the all mighty dollar, yet somehow in his mind he believed this situation would be different. It was naive of him to think anybody at the record company actually cared about his condition. They were only concerned by what his situation could do for their bottom line. Well he wasn’t going to play their sick game. 
 “No, Eddie. Absolutely not. The contract we signed was for the entire band, not one person. They’re gone and I’m done. I won’t demean their deaths by going on some freak show tour to satisfy the suits in California. I am not the band and this album was our last under this contract. We fulfilled our agreement to the best of our abilities, to the point where some of us in the end, sacrificed our lives. No more. You can tell your boss’s in LA I’m done.”
“Look, Devin. You know I can’t do that. The contract is contingent upon the band completing this tour. You guys still had four months left. With the rest of them gone, that leaves you to fulfill the obligation in whatever manner we see fit.”
Devin’s blood began to boil as he pulled himself into a sitting position. He ignored the pain screaming from his ribs and drew in a deep breath. For years, he’d put up with Eddie’s bullshit and he was through. No way was this two-bit executive yes boy going to boss him around. “First of all, I will not denigrate the memories of my friends by capitalizing on their deaths, and secondly I hope you rot in hell for even thinking of trying to make me do it. Tell the moguls in Cali to sue me if they want. I’ll see them in court.”
“I think your head injury is worse than the doctor’s said. You can’t be serious.”
“I’m completely serious, Eddie, so you can haul your ass out of this room before I call for security.”
“You wouldn’t?”
“If he doesn’t, I will.” Tess’s voice carried into the room and Devin did his best to hide the smile tugging at the edges of his mouth. She’d always been a bit of a hellcat when riled and he had no doubt she’d kick Eddie out on his ear in a heartbeat. 
“Who the hell are you?” Eddie asked and Devin wished more than anything he could see what was about to happen. Thanks to their connection last night, he could at least feel her presence, the turmoil of emotions churning inside her petite frame. Any second he was sure she’d come unglued. And wouldn’t that be a beautiful sight to see?
“My name is Tess Parker, and I am Mr. McFadden’s nurse. Now as you so eloquently put it, who in the hell are you?”
The bed rose and the pressure against Devin’s injured leg decreased as Eddie stood. 
“I am Devin’s tour manager, and I’ll ask you to not interrupt us.”
“From what I caught of the conversation, Devin doesn’t want you here. So I suggest, Mr.?”
“Fairchild, Edward Fairchild.”
“Well, Mr. Fairchild, I’m going to once again ask you nicely to leave and let Mr. McFadden rest.”
“Or what?”
Devin arched his brow at Eddie’s condescending tone. Eddie didn’t know it yet, but Devin would bet anything he was about to get his ass kicked by one pissed off nurse.
“Or I will be happy to call security and have you forcibly removed.” The pitch in her voice rose, meeting his challenge and issuing one of her own before sliding back into a level tone. “Now what’s it going to be?”
Several seconds of silence passed before Eddie sighed. “Fine, I’ll go, but if I were you, Devin, I’d reconsider picking a fight with the record company. It’s a battle you’ll lose.”
“Thanks for the advice, but if you don’t mind, I’ll consult with my own lawyer about this.”
He listened to Eddie walk from the room, his footfalls fading with each step. The door squeaked closed and Devin waited for Tess to make the first move. After what happened between them last night, he didn’t want to do or say anything that could wreck the fragile bridge they’d built.
“Your manager is a real gem. Where did you find him—at a snake charmers convention?”
Devin couldn’t hold back a laugh and quickly regretted it as he grabbed for his ribs. “Damn that hurts,” he whispered as he tried to draw in a breath.
Her hand came down over his in a gentle caress. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to cause you pain.”
He shook his head and let his hand slip into hers. “Don’t worry about it. To answer your question though, Eddie was assigned to us by the record company. If I’d had things my way, he’d have been fired years ago. He was the one who decided to keep driving during the blizzard last week.”
“Bastard! Not much on ethics is he?”
The irritation in her voice was unmistakable and he could feel the anger building inside her. There really wasn’t any point in getting upset over something neither of them could change. He tugged at her hand. “Hey, forget about him. He’s nothing to me anymore.”
“What about the things he said, Devin? Would the record company really sue you over not completing the last four months of the contract?”
He scooted over and patted the bed. “Sit.”
She eased down next to him and held his hand between her palms. “I’m concerned about you. I don’t want them taking everything you’ve worked so hard for.”
“I don’t give a damn if they do. Besides, I seriously doubt they will. Any good lawyer could turn the situation around on them in no time flat. They’re not going to want to be remembered as the bullies who pushed around the poor, injured musician. I could turn it into a PR nightmare for them.”
“Are you sure?”
He squeezed her hand. “Positive, now…let’s talk about you. How are you feeling today?”
“You mean after our little rendezvous last night?”
He could almost picture the blush crossing her face and smiled. “Yeah. Sometimes the belladonna can have some nasty side effects.” Okay, so the belladonna wasn’t actually his first concern, but why complicate the situation with emotions he knew she wasn’t entirely ready to face yet.
“I’m fine, actually, I’m better than fine. I haven’t been this centered or happy in years, but enough about me. You exerted a lot of energy to pull that off. How are you feeling?”
It was like her to deflect her own feelings and desires and put other’s needs first, especially when he could tell she was lying. With their renewed connection, he’d at least gained back some of the abilities he lost in the accident and was able to feel the mix of emotions battling inside her.
More than anything, he wanted her to open up and talk to him, but she’d erected a wall around her heart, keeping him out. He couldn’t blame her. After all, he’d left her behind, promised to come back for her and then never did. 
Deciding it would be best to let the subject rest for now, he answered her question. “I won’t lie. I’m exhausted and still in a bit of pain, but I wouldn’t change a thing. What we did last night, Tessa; it means everything to me.”
“Me too.”
When another awkward silence fell between them, Devin decided to capitalize on it. He slipped a hand behind her ear and nudged her toward him. She came willingly, despite the emotional war, taking place inside her. Before he knew it, they were engulfed in their first physical kiss in over ten years. Where things would lead from here, he couldn’t say. Without his sight or his ability to see into the future, he no longer had an advantage and would have to find out like everyone else.
She was the first to pull away, her choppy breathing evidence of her own innate desire. She rested her forehead against his. “I’m sorry, I can’t do this. I’m supposed to be on duty, and it wouldn’t look very professional for someone to find us kissing.”
It was a good excuse and one he couldn’t’ argue, but he knew work wasn’t her reason for pulling away. Still, it would be best to take things slow. “I understand. So tell me, how much longer do you think I’ll be trapped here?”
“You have a broken leg and broken ribs, not to mention the damage to your wrist. I’d say at the least another week, probably longer.”
“Can I sign myself out?”
“Sure, but why would you want to? Without medical attention, it would be a foolish move on your part.”
“Do you still have the book I gave you?”
“You mean the one that was your Grandfather’s?”
“Yeah, the one with the black cover and red spine.”
"Yes, but what does it have to do with leaving the hospital?”
Obviously, she’d never bothered to look through the book when he wasn’t around. If she had, she’d already know the answer to the question. “Tessa, listen to me. That book has spells and remedies which will heal me a lot quicker than staying here would.”
“What about your wrist? Can it fix that too?”
Devin closed his eyes and leaned back against the pillow. “No. I can only fix what would normally heal on its own. If the nerve damage is truly irreversible, there’s not much I can do about it, except learn to live with it.”
“I still think you should stay here where you can receive twenty four hour care, but if you want to leave, you know you’re welcome to stay with me.”
He smiled. “I was counting on it.”
Chapter Six

Tess stepped out of Devin’s room, the door behind her closed with a squeak and a thud. What was she thinking offering him a place to stay? Tending to him in the hospital was one thing. It provided her with a certain amount of distance and professionalism she needed in order to keep her heart protected. Having him in her house, without the façade of the patient nurse relationship wasn’t going to bode well. 
Participating in their psychic union last night had been a mistake, one she now regretted. As much as she didn’t want to admit it, he’d broken the seal protecting her heart and if she wasn’t careful, he’d be through the door in no time. 
Her only hope of getting out of it was if he changed his mind and decided to stay in the hospital. Fat chance of that possibility. He was probably already making the necessary arrangements to sign himself out, and she would have a houseguest to tend to by the end of her shift. 
She blew out a breath and headed to the nurses' station, replaced his chart and dropped down into the chair. Oh boy, wouldn’t that be a fun conversation to have with Eric? Not that she actually owed him any explanation. It was her house and her life to screw up if she wanted to. Yet, after everything they’d been through, he continued to watch out for her and be the friend she truly needed him to be. Not telling him would be the equivalent of lying to him, and she simply couldn’t do that.
A clanking noise jerked her from her ruminations. Tess cocked her head to the side and listened. It happened again and she rose from her seat to follow the sound. Her heart rate increased as she neared the main drug supply closet for the floor. The door stood ajar, but the light was off. The sounds inside confirmed her suspicion. 
Only the head nurse on duty held the key for the closet. Today that person was Tess and none of the people working with her had asked for access. So who was inside and how did they get in? She glanced back down the hall at the desk. The right thing to do would be to contact Eric, or whomever was working surveillance today, instead of going in alone. Her attention turned back to the open door. What if she was wrong? Would it be worth turning this into some big incident that could possibly reveal the investigation and blow their one chance at catching the killer? 
Deciding against it, she summoned her courage. With one hand on the door, she gently pushed it open. The figure inside was large, bigger than that of a woman. “Hello?” 
“Oh, hey, Tess,” Mitch replied. 
Tess took a tentative step inside. “Hey, Mitch. What are you doing in here in the dark?”
“Mr. Falcon needs his dose of insulin and the main drug cart was out, so I decided I’d come down here to get some more.”
“But you need the key to get in and only the head nurse on duty has the key, which would be me, so how did you get in?”
His gave her a quizzical look. “I snatched the key from the drawer where we keep it.”
“You know you need to have somebody countersign that you removed the vials. Why didn’t you call me?”
“You were in with a patient, and I didn’t want to bother you. I was going to have you sign off as soon as I returned the key, but since you’re here…” He held out the clipboard. “I already logged out what I needed so will you initial it for me?”
Tess secured the clipboard from him and shifted back to turn on the light. Much to her surprise, no matter which way she flipped the switch the light didn’t turn on. “What in the world?” 
“Oh yeah, I forgot to tell you. The bulb is burned out, which is why I’m in the dark.”
Tess followed Mitch out into the hallway, locked the door and counted the vials before she signed the form. Thankful she’d checked before she jumped to conclusions and called Eric, she headed back to the nurses desk to notify maintenance about replacing the light.
As she put in her request for maintenance work,  Mitch placed the vials into the main drug cart, then log out one container. He looked up at her, smiled then walked to Mr. Falcon’s room. She replaced the receiver and sat down. If he was the hospital’s Angel of Death they were trying to catch, then he was doing a good job of hiding his intentions. Though, it couldn’t simply be a coincidence the mysterious deaths started after his arrival two months ago.
Feeling a headache coming on, Tess pushed her finger against her eyes in an attempt to stop it. With it being nearly lunch time and her morning Java Lava latte gone, she decided her headache was probably from a serious lack of caffeine. At least she hoped it was caffeine induced and not from stress. At least the former she could eliminate by downing a bottle of soda. 
She rooted through her purse, finding a dollar before she headed for the soda machine. Between being bounced all over the hospital because of the nursing shortage, dealing with Devin’s reappearance and keeping her relationship with Eric on the friendship track, she was more than a little exhausted. She fed the dollar into the machine, and it immediately spit back at her. “Oh come on,” she grumbled as she smoothed out the paper and fed it in a second time, only to have it return once again. Why was it so hard to get a simple soda when she wanted it? 
She closed her eyes and drew in a deep calming breath. Her headache was already throbbing and getting frustrated would not only make it worse, it wouldn’t help her obtain her drink any faster. When she opened her eyes to try a third time, the soda machine was gone and she was standing in the doorway to a patient’s room. Her gaze lifted to the numbers on the door. Room 104-but the first floor was for cancer patients, and she was working on the third floor. What the hell was going on?
Despite her best effort to turn and walk away, she instead moved into the room and let the door close behind her. An older man, probably in his mid sixties with thinning white hair, lay sleeping, or possibly unconscious. She couldn’t tell which, as once again all sound was gone.
The same hand she’d seen a day earlier reached out and pulled the covers up under the man’s arms, a section of long brown hair fell forward into her line of sight. Tess’s hair was blonde, not brown. She tucked the stray hair behind her ear and leaned forward to inspect the IV line. Seemingly satisfied with the situation, she reached into her pocket removed a small vial and needle. Tess wanted to scream, to shake her hands and make the vial drop, but it wasn’t her body, and she had no control over what was about to happen. No! Going through it once was bad enough, she couldn’t watch this again, but what could she do? The amulet!
Tess closed her eyes, slowed her breathing and concentrated on the necklace. When she opened her eyes again, she was back in the break room, standing in front of the soda machine. It worked. At least this time she could do something before it was too late. 
As she raced for the elevators, Tess stuffed the dollar back in her pocket. She pressed the down button and began to pace. What in the hell was taking so long? Giving up on waiting, Tess headed for the stairs and made quick work of the two floors separating her from the soon to be scene of the crime. She bounded into the ward and raced toward room 104, flung open the door and came face to face with an elderly woman, and a man standing beside her that Tess could only assume was her son.
“Um…” She glanced between the blue haired woman and the bed where the old man from her vision lay unconscious. The woman stared back at her. “Yes, dear?”
Heat flooded Tess’s face even as she scrambled for something to say. “I…I wanted to check in and see how he was doing today.”
The woman’s tired gaze fell upon her husband, love and affection radiating from her eyes. “He’s hanging in there. I think he’s afraid to go and leave me alone.”
The man, who was probably in his mid thirties, placed a hand on her shoulder. “Mom, I told you before, you’re not alone. I’ll take care of you.”
With a sad smile, she patted his hand. “I know, but I don’t think your father does.”
“Well, I…uh…” In all the years she’d been a nurse, Tess had never felt this uncomfortable. “Are you two okay? Can I get you anything?”
The elderly woman shook her head. “Thank you very much for asking, hon, but we’re fine.”
Tess moved back a few steps and reached for the door. “Okay, but if you need anything page the nurse’s desk and someone will help you.”
“Thank you, we will,” the son replied. 
Tess closed the door behind her and leaned against the wall. Had she completely lost her mind?
****
Tess eased her explorer into the garage and pushed the button on her visor to close the automatic door. “Well, we’re here.”
“Yep.” Devin nodded from the passenger seat.
“I’ll go unlock the door.” She exited the truck, skirted around the back of it and quickly opened the door separating the garage from the house.
 Just as she expected, by the time her shift ended, he’d made all the necessary arrangements to sign himself out and no amount of convincing had changed his mind.
He was already standing on one leg next to the open car door when she reached him. 
Exasperated, she shoved her hands against her hips. “Devin, what are you doing? I told you to stay put until I set up the wheelchair.”
“And I told you I wasn’t using that infernal contraption,” he shot back before grimacing as he grabbed at his ribs.
Trying hard to contain her rising temper, she shook her head. “I still say you should have stayed in the hospital. You’re not ready for this.”
“You said you were going to be supportive, Tessa.”
She wrapped his arm around her and shouldered the brunt of his weight as they moved into the house. “I am being supportive, but you’re being completely unreasonable. It’s only been two weeks since the accident. With the injuries you suffered any other person would probably still be in ICU.”
“I’m not most people.”
“Don’t I know it?” She hadn’t meant to say that out loud and winced when he pulled away.
He leaned against the kitchen wall, his face a mask of anger. “What in the hell is that supposed to mean?”
“Nothing, it’s…well…I don’t know,” she blew out a breath. “I’m sorry. I’m a little tired and tense and maybe I’m not thinking straight. Can we please forget I said anything?” Was she really supposed to tell him she was stressing over the idea of him being in her house, that simply being so close to him was driving her crazy and putting her defenses on the alert?
“Yeah.” He brushed his fingers through his hair. “Aw hell, Tessa, I’m sorry too. I never considered how much pressure I’d be putting on you by coming here. Maybe I should rent a hotel room somewhere.”
She hoisted him by the arm once more and steered him through the kitchen. “You’ll do no such thing. If anybody is going to be taking care of you, it will be me.” Even the idea of him alone in some hotel room with a strange nurse tending him was enough to push her protective nature to the surface. No matter how worried she was about guarding her heart, she wasn’t going to turn her back on him when he needed her. 
Pausing at the bottom of the steps, she considered her options. He easily outweighed her by fifty or sixty pounds. And with her shouldering most of his weight right now, there simply wasn’t any way to get him up stairs. With all the bedrooms being on the second floor, she’d have to come up with another option and quick. The den. For now, it would have to serve as a temporary bedroom. “I hope you don’t mind a sleeper sofa in my den, cause in your current condition, there’s no way we’re making it up to the guest room.”
“The den is fine.”
Together they wobbled down the short hallway leading to the den. Once she had him settled on the sofa, she rushed to scrounge up extra pillows and blankets for him to use. She returned to find him patting a hand over the sofa and tables as if he were in search of something. 
“What are you doing?”
“I need the hospital bag with my belongings in it.”
“Here, let me help you.” She rushed across the room and scooped the bag up off the floor. 
“Thank you.” He accepted the bag and worked to reposition himself when she slid a large pillow in behind him. “So is there a reason why you’re so tired?”
She stopped. “Huh?”
“Earlier, you said you were tired. I was wondering if there was a reason for it.”
Not wanting to bother him with her worries, she shrugged off his question. “Oh, that. I haven’t been sleeping well, that’s all.”
“Come on, Tessa. You forget who you’re talking to.”
She hated with their connection he could see beyond her lies. She sighed and sat down on the floor next to him, letting the back of her head rest against the sofa seat. “Ever since the first premonition last week, I’ve been having strange dreams. They’re unnerving and sometimes a little frightening.” She twisted to one side and lifted her arms up, letting them rest on the cushion. “Tell me something?”
“Anything.”
“When you first realized you had this power, did it freak you out?”
Devin smiled. “I was ten years old, the first time I had a waking dream. So yeah, it wigged me out a little.”
“Do you ever get used to them?”
“It took me a while, but once I figured out how to use the power, things were much easier.”
“I don’t understand, Devin. Why have I been given this ability now? What good does it do me if I can’t tell what is real and what isn’t?”
“You talk as though you’ve had another episode.”
“I did. Earlier today, while I was getting a soda I saw the woman again. This time it was an elderly cancer patient she went after. I rushed down to the cancer ward to stop her, only to find the man’s wife and son in the room with him. I’m telling you, Devin. I never felt like such an idiot in all my life. Here I thought I was going to catch a killer only to find out it was nothing more than my imagination.”
He tensed, then rooted through the bag sitting on his lap. He fingered the amulet. “Can you help me put this on?”
“Sure.” Tess locked the necklace in place and sat back on her heels. 
“Give me your hand,” he instructed.
She placed her hand in his and immediately a jolt of electricity entered her palm and race up her arm. Tess gasped yanked her hands from his, but before she’d completely broken contact he closed his fingers over hers, holding her in place. “Relax, baby. I want to see what you saw.”
The stone around his neck grew bright red, and she glanced down at her own necklace to find her charm in the same state. He stared up toward the ceiling, his eyes moving back and forth, and she wondered how much he could actually see. After several moments, he closed his eyes and drew in a breath. “I don’t think it was your imagination, Tessa.”
“But I saw it with my own eyes, Devin. Nothing happened.”
"The room number and the description of the old man in your vision, did they match what you found when you went to investigate?”
“Yes.”
He pursed his lips together as if in deep thought. “I still think it was real.”
How could that be? When she’d seen Travis’s death, it had happened in real time, as if she’d been watching some sick horror moving. “But-”
He held up a hand to stop her. “Honey, you have to understand something. With these visions, especially the waking ones, they’re not necessarily instantaneous. Sometimes there’s a period of twenty-four, or even forty-eight hours before they come true.”
Her heart leapt and began to gallop. “You mean it’s still going to happen?”
He nodded. “I probably should have told you before now, but yeah.”
“So what do I do? I can’t sit by and do nothing.”
“Did you tell Eric about your first vision?”
“No. I didn’t think he would believe me.”
“Listen to me.” He pushed himself so he sat straighter. “I envisioned the bus accident before it happened and dismissed it as nonsense. I wasn’t convinced it would really happen and knew nobody but Travis would have believed me anyway. I don’t know if telling anyone would have made a difference, but I’m sorry I didn’t try. Don’t make the same mistake I did simply because you’re afraid. I think it’s time for you to call him.”

Chapter Seven

“Let me get this straight…” Eric sat on the edge of the leather ottoman, his hands together, elbows resting on his knees, and glanced back and forth between Devin and Tess. “First you want me to believe Devin is some sort of witch who can see into the future. Then you tell me the two of you have a psychic connection perpetuated by a link from some rock around your necks, and because of that Tess is now having visions about the suspect in our Angel of Death case?” 
Devin nodded. “Yeah, that pretty much covers it.”
Eric stood and slicked both palms over the top of his head as he inhaled and stretched. “Do you two have any idea how ridiculous this whole thing sounds?”
Tess closed her eyes and shook her head. She knew before she’d even called him he wouldn’t believe her. Though, in all fairness, what they were asking him to believe sounded like something written for a bad made for TV movie. Witches ranked right up there with vampires, they didn’t exist. Compounding the problem was Eric’s intense dislike for Devin and anything he represented. 
Still, she knew what she’d seen was real and if somebody didn’t do something soon another person would die at the hands of the murderer. “I know it’s hard to believe, but-”
“You’re damn right it’s hard for me to believe,” he snapped. “Do you know what would happen to me if I went to my superiors with this story?”
“You’d be fired.”
“Not just fired, Tess. Crucified!” He stepped toward her. “What’s gotten into you? Ever since he showed up, you’ve been acting strange.”
“I have not,” she argued.
“What about two Monday’s ago when you knew the phone call was from the hospital, or your fainting spell from last week? You don’t think they count as acting weird? Every time you allow yourself to get mixed up with him, you get hurt and now you’re trying to drag me into it!”
“He is right here,” Devin said, the tone in his voice reflecting his irritation. “I’m blind, not deaf, Eric. And I’d appreciate it if you wouldn’t talk about me as if I weren’t here.”
Eric turned to face him. “About that. What are you doing here, Devin? If you’re really some male witch, then why don’t you heal yourself, or better yet, why didn’t you stop the accident from happening?”
Devin struggled to push himself off the couch to stand. Tess quickly moved to his side to try and stop him. He wasn’t in any condition to take on this kind of debate. “Please don’t, Devin. You could make your injuries worse if you’re not careful.”
He ignored her and balanced on one foot in front of Eric. “How dare you come in here, acting all righteous, like because you’re a cop you’re better than the rest of us? Do you for one second think I wanted my friends to die or I enjoy being blind and injured? If I’d had the power to stop the accident from happening, I would have, but I don’t have those kinds of abilities.”
Eric narrowed his eyes at Devin. “Seeing how this used to be my house, I’ll come in here acting however I want.”
Tess again shifted her attention to Eric. Fuming, she inched between the two men and shoved a finger at Eric’s sternum. “This was and is my house, Eric. You moved in here after we got married and you moved out after we divorced.”
“And I’m starting to seriously wonder why I keep coming back.” He waved a dismissing hand at her then pivoted to leave. “If you two are done wasting my time, I’ve got a killer to catch.” 
Tess helped Devin back to the couch then rushed down the hallway after Eric. “Wait, Eric, please.”
With one hand on the door handle, he paused and looked back at her. “What?”
“You have to understand, I never meant for this to turn ugly. I knew you wouldn’t believe me, but Devin insisted I call you.”
“You should have gone with your instincts.” He turned the knob and opened the door. 
She tugged at his arm, desperate to make him listen to her. “Please, Eric. I know how it sounds, but I also know what I saw. Your killer isn’t Mitch. It’s a woman.”
“Tess-”
“Please,” she interrupted. Angry tears stung her eyes and her frustration mounted at his complete dismissal of her concerns. “You said yourself you haven’t been able to get much on Mitch. Look into it, see if anybody fits the description I gave you.” 
Sighing, he shook his head, then leaned over and gave her a quick kiss on the cheek. “Okay. Because you’re so convinced I’m wrong about this, I’ll look into it. But don’t expect me to say anything to anyone else right now.”
She nodded as walked out the door. “I won't. And, Eric…”
“Yeah?”
“I’m sorry about all this.”
“Don’t be sorry, just be careful.”
She stood with the door open until his car was out of sight, then shut and locked it before she returned to the den. She knew Eric’s attitude tonight stemmed more form his concern for her than anything else, a fact that touched her deeply. Why he remained so dedicated to her, Tess would never know, especially after everything she’d put him through over the years. What he needed was to find himself somebody who would love him with the passion he deserved. 
Still as she’d left him, Devin lay in the corner of the sofa, his head positioned against the arm, his eyes closed. With one foot on the floor and his broken leg resting on the cushion, he didn’t move, leading Tess to think he’d fallen asleep. She quietly crossed the room and tugged the quilt from the back of the sofa to cover him. 
“I take it he left?” he asked without opening his eyes.
Thankful he couldn’t see her jump when he spoke she continued placing the blanket over him. “Yeah, he’s gone.”
“He’s a real jerk, you know.”
She smiled. “You didn’t always think that way.”
“Yeah, I did. But you were so set on us being friends that I didn’t want to be the one who ruined it.”
She snickered and sat back on her heels. “Just so you know, you had your own jerky tendencies back then, too.”
The corners of his lips tipped up into a slight grin. “Yeah, I suppose I did. I thought I was king shit with the big rock band and the beautiful girl.” 
“We were all young and full of ourselves back then. That’s the good thing about growing older. You learn a few things and gain some perspective on life.”
“Yeah, but it doesn’t do much good when it comes to some of us keeping an open mind.”
His anger-filled words echoed her disappointment at Eric’s reaction to their conversation, but Devin’s frustration also carried a hint of worry. Whether his concern had more to do with her safety or her relationship with Eric, she couldn’t tell, but if she had to guess, she would say it was the latter. “Eric’s worried about me. He doesn’t want me to get hurt.” 
“And he’s convinced I’m the one who’s going to hurt you.”
Tess winced at his words. She hated the idea of making him feel worse than he already did, but he was right, and she couldn’t argue the issue. It was probably best to simply skim over it and move on. “Yeah, he can be a little over protective. But before he left, I did manage to convince him to at least look into it.”
Devin shifted on the sofa and angled his head toward the back. “I guess that’s all we can hope for at this point.”
“I suppose your right. Is there anything else you need before I head off to bed?”
Devin shook his head. “Some uninterrupted sleep would be nice. All I’ve had for the last two weeks is nurses coming in at all hours of the night to take my vital signs.” 
She spotted the slight grin on his face and pursed her lips for his attempt at a joke. “Well, when you’re tied to a hospital bed, it’s not like you can’t take a nap whenever you want, you know.”
His grin widened. “Tomorrow, we’ll work on finding the spell in my grandfather’s book. Hopefully, it'll get me back on my feet.”
“Okay. I’ll see you in the morning.” She stood, leaned over and kissed him on the temple. “Sweet dreams.” Better yet, no dreams, she wished as she headed upstairs to her bedroom.
****
Fire surrounded her, consuming more and more of the room until Tess was sure she would burn alive. Struggling to find her way to safety through the smoke and flames, she spotted a large cross hanging high on the back wall. She squinted and moved forward, trying to get a better view. A scream came from somewhere behind her. Tess spun toward the sound and came face to face with a woman. The skin on her face bubbled and pealed, revealing the red and blistered flesh beneath. Her eyes glowed red and her hair burned like a wick on a candle. 
“It’s the day of reckoning,” the woman shrieked. “Prepare to die.” Holding a large dagger, she reared up, then swung down…
Tess’s eyes flew open, and she jerked up right in bed. Her heart pounded against her chest, threatening to beat through her rib cage while she panted. 
She scanned the room and her pulse soon regulated when the realization that she was still tucked away in her own bed took hold. Ridding herself of her covers, she swung her legs over the side of the bed and sat with her head in her hands. Instead of going away or even getting better, her dreams were growing more violent, more sinister.
Blowing out a breath, she pushed off the bed, grabbed her robe inside her closet and headed down stairs. There wasn’t any point in trying to go back to sleep when there was a better than average chance the nightmares would return. 
Her bare feet made little sound on the carpeted stairs as she made her way down to the kitchen. Maybe a glass of wine would at least calm her nerves. She reached the bottom step and stopped. Her gaze shifted from the kitchen down the hall to the den. The pull was unmistakable and unexplainable, and if she were smart, she’d ignore it and continue on to the kitchen. 
Right now Devin was much like a wounded animal, scared, in pain and dangerous. Oh sure, he’d never come right out and admit he was frightened, but thanks to their renewed connection, she could feel it. It was that same fear which drew her to him. Maybe it was her need to help those in trouble, or maybe it something more, but she couldn’t ignore their connection. 
She shuffled down the hall and padded over the hardwood until she stood in the doorway and stared into the dimly lit room. Devin lay propped up against several pillows. His eyes were closed, yet she knew he wasn’t asleep. 
“Are you okay?”
He angled his head toward her and opened his eyes. “I could ask you the same question.”
A shiver drifted up her spine. “Why?”
“You know why, Tessa.” He patted the mattress. “You want to talk about your dream?”
“Not really.”
“Why not? I could feel your terror, baby. What was it that frightened you?”
His sympathetic tone matched the empathy she detected from him. He was genuinely concerned and that fact, much to her dismay, punched a tiny hole in the emotional wall she’d erected.
She moved to him and sank down in the side of the sofa bed. “I’m not sure. There was fire everywhere, and a cross, and this woman. At least I think it was a woman. The face was all burnt and grotesque so it was hard to tell. She told me to prepare to die and she swung a dagger. That’s when I woke up.”
She hung her head and drew in a deep breath. “I’ve been having dreams ever since you came back. At first I wondered if maybe they were simply a side effect of my emotions being out of whack, but you’ve been here for two weeks now and they’re not getting any better.”
He pushed himself straighter against the pillow and searched for her hand with his. “I haven’t had a dream or a vision since the accident, and at this point I’m convinced you have my powers. What I don’t know is why. But I think the sooner we get me healed, the sooner the powers will revert back to me and you’ll be free of these nightmares.”
She shook her head, even though she knew he couldn’t see her. “But it’s going to take weeks for you to heal, and I can’t go that long without sleep.”
“With the spell, it will only take about a week at most, and if you’ll let me, I can try and use our connection to help shield you from the dreams.”
“You can do that?”
“I think so, but the catch is we need to be as close as possible in order to ensure it would work. That would mean sleeping together, and the last thing I want is for you to think I’m trying to work my way into your bed.”
She studied his features. His offer was an honest attempt to help her, but no good could come from being so close to him. Allowing anything more than what had already happened between them would be asking for trouble. “I appreciate the offer, but I think it would be best if we didn’t go there.”
“I understand. Under the circumstances, though, it might be worth it to get the spell going now. I don’t want you to have to endure those images for any longer than necessary.”
She nodded. “Okay, what do you need?”
He handed her the book. “Find the paged marked self-healing. There should be a list of things we’ll need to make the spell work.”
Tess flipped through the book until she came to the page he’d described. Quickly she scanned the list. “I’m pretty sure I have everything you need but the green candles.” She paused. “Wait…yes I do. Somebody gave me a green candle at Christmas. It’s in the closet.”
While she loved the aroma scented candles create, Tess preferred the added safety jar candles offered and rarely lit tapered or pillar candles. Devin was lucky she hadn’t given it away already.”
A few minutes later, she returned to the den carrying a tray loaded down with everything he’d need to complete the spell. 
She set the tray on the floor, and based on what she could remember from when they were younger, began setting out the objects. 
Devin sat up and held out his hand. “Since I can’t see, I’m going to need your help to do this. Let me have your hand.”
****
Tess dropped into the chair behind the nurse’s station and struggled to keep her eyes open. Even the extra large double shot coffee she’d picked up from Java Lava on her way in wasn’t providing enough caffeine to keep her going. Hopefully, Devin would be healed soon or she might have to resort to desperate measures and allow him into her bed.
Tori dropped her purse on the desk. “What happened to you?”
“Nothing, why?”
“You look like you haven’t slept in days.”
“I haven’t.”
Tori sank into the empty seat next to her, an expression of concern on her face. “You’re still not sleeping?”
Tess shook her head. “I can’t shake these nightmares.”
“Have you seen a professional about them?”
“Why would I do that?”
“Because it’s not normal for people to have nightmares for two weeks straight, Tess.” Tori’s gaze shifted to her neck. She lifted a hand toward Tess and pointed. “How long have you been wearing that necklace?”
Tess placed a hand to the fire onyx stone. It pulsed beneath her touch, filling her palm with added warmth. “A little over a week. Why?”
“Where did you get it?”
“Devin gave it to me years ago. I found it one night tucked away with some old mementos when I was looking for candles to light during my bath. What does my necklace have to do with anything?”
“Did you happen to notice your nightmares started around the same time Devin reappeared in your life?”
The hairs on Tess’s neck stood on end at Tori’s statement. Her friend was a little too perceptive for her own good. “What are you saying, Tori, that my nightmares are Devin’s doing?” Actually, that was exactly what was happening, but she couldn’t let Tori know. After all, it wasn’t as if Devin had intentionally inflicted her with these horrid dreams. 
Tori dropped her hand on Tess’s leg. “Look, I know he was your sweetheart and all, but did you happen to notice the tattoo he has on his right shoulder?”
Curious to know where Tori was going with the conversation, Tess arched a brow and her face twisted into a confused smile. “Of course. It’s an Irish trinity knot. He’s had it for years.”
“It’s a pagan symbol for witch craft, Tess. It represents the maiden, witch and crone.”
Tess’s pulse increased. Leave it to Tori and her God fearing ways to figure out Devin’s heritage. No matter how close Tori was to the truth, Tess had to protect his secret.
“It’s also used in Christian religions to symbolize the father, son and holy ghost.”
“Then why is his encompassed by a braided serpent circle?”
Tess tilted her head back and drew in a deep breath. She could get through this debate without revealing anything if she stayed calm. “I assume you’re referring to the mandala. He’s Irish, Tori, and his roots go back to the ancient Celt’s. The mandala, the knot, the whole package is part of his heritage and despite what you think there’s nothing nefarious about it.”
“You’re wrong Tess. It’s the same detail as your necklace. Which by the way, the fire onyx is a popular stone used in the practice of witchcraft.”
The bad thing about Tori was when she sunk her teeth into a subject, she didn’t let go and witchcraft was one of her favorite topics to berate. “I think all this going to church has finally gone to your head. Witches aren’t real. Devin gave me this necklace as a sweetheart gift when we were teenagers, that’s all and I resent all these accusations you’re throwing at him.” Her voice was loud and she punctuated the end of her sentence by smacking her hand against the desk. As long as Devin wanted to keep his practice of the craft a secret, she’d damn well do her best to honor his wish.
Tori’s eyes grew wide and she grabbed Tess by the arm. “Please don’t be mad, Tess. I’m simply trying to look out for you. You said yourself he hurt you once.”
“That’s my business, Tori. Not yours, Eric’s or anybody else’s. If I get hurt again then I have no one to blame but myself.”
Tori’s gaze fell to the desk and she rubbed at an ink spot on the laminated top. “Speaking of which, rumor has it that he signed himself out yesterday. Did you let him go to your house?”
“As a matter of fact, I did and you can’t tell anyone, Tori. Not a soul.”
Tori’s mouth opened and for a moment, she looked like a fish out of water. “Are you out of your mind? Not only is it a sin to have relations outside of wedlock, but you could be putting yourself in danger.”
A patient’s call buzzer sounded and Tess stood up, intent on ending this conversation before she said something she’d regret. “For your information I never said I was sleeping with him and even if I wanted to he’s still injured.” She stomped away from the desk, stopped and whirled about to face Tori. “I appreciate your concern, but I don’t want to be preached at over my relationship with Devin, so let it go, okay.”
Chapter Eight

By his third day at Tess’s house, Devin was sure he’d gone insane with boredom. Without his sight, he couldn’t read, couldn’t watch television or even play those stupid word search puzzles. And listening to the radio only gave him the urge to play guitar. With his hand still recovering from surgery and no instrument to play, his nervous energy began to build. 
Thankfully, his foot had healed sufficiently enough to allow him to walk, and his ribs were also better. He spent a good portion of time learning the layout of her house. Two things were for sure though, he’d be glad when his sight returned, and he desperately needed to find himself a guitar.
He was half way down the hall on his way to the kitchen to get a drink when the sound of the door opening stopped him. “Why are you up and moving around? You’re supposed to be resting.”
The concern in Tess’s voice touched him. Despite keeping her emotional distance over the last few days, she couldn’t hide the concern in her voice or the confusing mix of emotions brewing inside her. 
“I was going to the kitchen to get a drink.” Still limping slightly, he eased forward. 
“But you’re going to end up hurting yourself.” 
She rushed forward. The sound of her clothes rustling grew louder and he held out a hand to stop her from wrangling him back to bed. “Honey, your house isn’t too hard to navigate. What do you think I’ve been doing with myself for the last few days?”
She stopped. “Yes, but-”
He shook his head. “No buts, Tessa. We’re not sure how long my blindness is going to last, and I don’t want to end up being any more of a burden on you than I already am. The sooner I can learn to do things for myself the better.”
“Well…I suppose.” 
The uncertainty in her voice was clear, and he wondered if she still did that cute thing of chewing on her lip when she was thinking about something. 
“I’d like for you to have a cane though. It will make things easier for you.”
Had his ears deceived him or did he hear her concede? Not wanting to push his luck and argue the point, he made his own concession. “I can do a cane, but can I ask you for another favor?”
“What’s that?”
“I’m itching to play guitar, and I have nothing here. Is that little mom and pop shop still open over on Sumner’s Pike?”
“Yeah, I think so.”
“Can you call there and arrange a way for me to come over and pick out a new electric and acoustic?”
“What about your hand?”
A bandage still covered a good portion of his hand, protecting the incision site while it continued to heal, but his fingers remained exposed, allowing him to flex them. His joints were stiff. It wouldn’t be easy to deal with his new disability, but he’d be damned if he was going to give up playing guitar. “The doctor recommended physical therapy. I can’t think of a better way than to fret my guitar.”
“What about running the risk of somebody seeing you? The last thing either of us needs is the press parked on my front lawn.”
She had a point, but they’d managed to avoid the photographers when he left the hospital. Granted, nobody had expected him to leave so soon and he’d had help from a decoy just in case, but if done correctly he knew he could pull off a trip to a guitar shop. It wasn’t as if he wanted to go to one of the big chain stores. The Music Shop was a small family owned business. “That’s why I want you to call and see if they’ll open the shop up to me for an hour or so.”
“I’ll call, but I don’t know if they’ll do that.”
“Tell them they’re guaranteed at least two purchases.”
An hour later, Devin found himself being ushered through the back door of the business into an empty store. “Mr. McFadden, we’re honored to have you in our store. I’m Frank Goodwin. He cupped Devin’s good hand in his and shook it. “We’ve set up a seat in one of the lesson rooms. It’s away from the front windows, and will provide you with the privacy you’re looking for.”
"Thank you, Mr. Goodwin. I appreciate you opening the store to me.”
“Oh, it’s not a problem at all, Mr. McFadden. We’re happy to see you’re not as badly hurt as everyone was saying. I can assure you, we’ll tell no one you were here. Now, my young assistant, Jason Southerland, will be happy to help you with anything you need.”
Two electric guitars, one acoustic, three stands and a practice amp later and Devin found himself back at Tess’s house sitting on the couch silently cursing his fingers for not properly bending to the frets. 
The doctor had made no qualms about the seriousness of the injury to his hand. Devin had hoped he was wrong, but with the evidence now clearly in front of him, he knew he was in for one hell of a battle. Ignoring the pain, he forced his fingers to bend. It was obvious he’d never have the mobility he once had, but even if he could play a little, at least that was something.
****
Every night, Tess twisted and squirmed in bed, having dreams of all-consuming fire and strange beings, alternating with the visions she’d been seeing for nearly three weeks. One image blurred into another and another until she couldn’t tell one from the other. 
Her eyes flew open, and she gasped for breath as she sat straight up in bed. Damn it to hell! At this rate, she’d go insane simply from lack of sleep. Sighing heavily, she threw the covers off and climbed from bed. She didn’t know what, if anything, she had in the kitchen that would help her sleep, but damn if she wasn’t going to go look. In her line of work, lack of sleep could result in a deadly mistake. Too many more nights like this and she’d have to ask for a leave of absence, or risk killing somebody by accident. Neither option was something her conscious or bank account could handle. 
That wasn’t to say she was poor. She and her two sisters had received a substantial settlement in the wrongful death suit against the drunk driver who’d killed their parents two years earlier. But most of the money was now invested, and it wouldn’t be easy to turn it back into cash.
 Stopping at the doorway to her room, she glanced down the hall at the closed guestroom door and wondered if Devin even knew her parents were dead? She hadn’t told him, and he hadn’t asked. Maybe he did somehow know and was afraid of mentioning it for fear of upsetting her? Maybe she needed to stop over analyzing things.
She rounded the corner and went down the stairs; images of him now lodged in her head instead of the dreams from moments ago. It should have shocked her to see him heal so quickly after the spell he cast last week, but it didn’t. It was almost as if magic was a normal part of her everyday life. Strangely enough, her life seemed more normal now than it had in years. Ironic, considering how much turmoil her mind was in.
After several minutes of rooting through the pantry, Tess finally settled on a glass of milk. Not her first choice, but she was already beyond the point of exhaustion and didn’t want to risk any side effects an alcoholic drink or sleeping aids could cause. 
 She sat at the table, staring into space as she toyed with the rim of her glass. Years of mistakes and the regret that came with them, she’d kept so carefully locked away, now slowly filtered through her mind. A decade of trying to do what she perceived as the right thing was starting to take its toll. When had her life become about making other people happy at the sacrifice of her own joy? 
Despite her own heartbreak, deep down she knew letting Devin go to pursue his dream without causing a scene had been the right decision. If he’d stayed simply because she wanted him to, she would have run the risk of him resenting her. At least this way, though separated, their love had remained intact.
Eric was an entirely different matter. From the moment Devin had climbed into the beat up econo-line van to head out of town, Eric had been there to pick up the slack. A fixture in her life, even through college, Eric’s love never wavered. When he proposed, she’d pondered long and hard over her decision only to end up feeling too guilty about their relationship to say no. And while he’d been an attentive husband and a good lover, she could never find it in her heart to return his affection in the same manner. Maybe it had been her love for Devin that kept her from giving her marriage a chance. Whatever the reason, next month she would turn thirty as a divorced, childless and broken-hearted woman. 
If only she’d been able to carry Devin’s child to term, everything in her life would have been different. Devin might not have been able to be the father she would have wanted for her child, but he would have done his best. Without that connection, there wasn’t any reason for him to look back. 
With her elbows resting on the table, she pushed her palms against her burning eyes in an attempt to staunch her building tears. It was a futile effort and within minutes, they broke loose, flooding over to stream down her cheeks. A small sob escaped and her body began to shake. Why was it these thoughts always popped up when she was tired and completely unable to deal with them? All she wanted was a dreamless night’s sleep, and what she'd gotten instead was the emotional upheaval that came from years of bad decisions.
“Tessa?”
She jerked around to see Devin standing in the doorway, his hand holding onto the frame. Quickly, she wiped the tears from her face, pushed away from the table and rushed toward him. “How did you get down here?”
He smiled. “After a few days of fumbling along, I’m learning my way around the house.”
She glanced up the staircase and back to him. “But you had to navigate the stairs to get down here. What if you’d missed a step and fallen?”
“Honey, I didn’t. So please stop worrying, okay?”
She couldn’t stop her concern any more than she could stop her love for him. As much as she didn’t want to admit it, he was the thing in her life that mattered. She ignored his statement and wrapped an arm around his waist, guiding him back toward the stairs. “Here, let me help you back to bed.”
“I’m healed, Tessa. You can stop treating me like I’m an invalid now.” When she only continued toward the steps, he pushed against her. “Tessa, stop!” His voice was loud and caused her to jump. 
She jerked away from him, biting back the tears threatening to roll again. He reached out, making contact with her hair before brushing a hand along her cheek. His fingers paused over the dampness of her cheeks and his expression softened. “I can feel how sad you are, baby. Please talk to me.”
She choked back a sob. “There’s nothing you can do.”
“How do you know?”
“Because it’s all in the past.” She sniffled and shook her head, trying to keep her tears at bay. The time had come for her to tell him, to confess the secret she shared only with Eric. “I have so many regrets, Devin, and the biggest one of all was not telling you about the baby.”
His expression didn’t change. He seemed to be looking directly at her even though she knew he couldn’t actually see her. For whatever reason, his eyesight hadn’t returned when the rest of his injuries had healed. “I already know, honey. I also know about the miscarriage.”
“How?” She shook her head. “Never mind, I know how.”
Devin tugged her to him. Too tired to fight him and desperate for comfort, she went willingly and sank into his shoulder. He wrapped his other arm around her as he leaned back against the wall while she cried against him.
 “I have to tell you, baby. Those first few months away from you tore me up inside. I was constantly using our connection to check up on you. When I first found out you were pregnant, I was going to ditch the band come back, but after you had the miscarriage, and I discovered Eric was taking care of you, I figured it would probably be best to stay away. You didn’t need me coming back to screw your life up again when you were starting to put it back together.”
“Why didn’t you ever say anything in your letters about it?”
He stroked a hand along her hair. “For the same reason you never told me. At the time it seemed better to let the subject drop than to bring it up and cause you more pain.”
Long buried emotions gripped her chest, filling her heart with anguish and squeezing at her lungs. “I wanted the baby more than anything in the world,” she cried. 
“I know you did, honey, but it wasn’t the right time.”
She sighed and closed her eyes, drinking the warmth and comfort he offered. At the rate she was going, it would never be the right time. “I know, but it was part of you, something I could keep to represent the love we shared.” Unshed tears filled her eyes again. “I’ll be thirty years old, Devin, and at the rate I’m going I’ll never find anyone to settle down with, which means I’ll never be a mom.”
“And I told you, sweetheart, I’m not leaving this time. If your dream is babies and a white picket fence, then I’m your man.”
She wanted nothing more than to take him at his word and believe what he said, but self-preservation stood in the way. If she let him in, he would hurt her. He wouldn’t mean to, but he would hurt her all the same. Still, even if he only gave her one baby before he returned to the rock-n-roll life it might be enough. “You’d really do that?” she asked. Life as a single mother wouldn’t be easy, but she was willing to take the chance if it meant always having a piece of him and having someone who would love her unconditionally.
“I love you, Tessa. I’d go to the ends of the earth for you.”
He tilted his head toward her. This one kiss would lead to so much more. Did she really want to go down this path and risk the hurt that would come from the fall out? It would simply be another bad decision to add to her growing resume. Yet, she couldn’t help but think how unhappy she was now. Maybe this would be the one event in her life which would turn it all around.
Their lips touched, softly at first, with Devin licking a slow path along the seam. She answered his silent request by parting her lips a hint, allowing his tongue to dart in and out of the space. He pulled her closer and she sank into the kiss, deepening it. Long dormant desire flared to life and pooled low in her belly, begging to be sated. 
His muscled chest flexed and rippled beneath her hand, and she longed to see the man he’d become. One kiss led to another and another, until all coherent thought fled, leaving Tess with nothing but sensations. 
Both his hands trailed along her sides until they reached the hem of her nightshirt. In one fluid motion, he pulled it over her head and let it drop to the floor. “I wish I could see you,” he said through ragged breaths. 
She raised his hands up and placed one on each breast. “You can.” 
A low growl reverberated through his chest as he brushed his thumbs over her nipples. “God, Tess, I’ve missed you.”
She didn’t want to admit she’d missed him too. That she’d missed him probably more than she should have considering he’d left her behind, choosing the band over their relationship. 
His hands slipped from her breasts and trailed up until he cradled her head in his palms. “Let me love you tonight, Tessa.”
 “Upstairs?” she managed to ask as she planted slow drugged kisses along his shoulder and neck. 
“Your room or mine?”
“Mine,” she didn’t hesitate to answer. More than anything, she wanted to share her bed with him, despite the consequences, or maybe because of them, she wasn’t sure. Having a fresh memory of them making love would carry her emotions for a long time into the future. Hesitant to let go, she finally pulled away, and began climbing the steps, careful to guide him and make sure he stayed next to the railing so he wouldn’t fall. 
She led him into her room and slowly backed him to the bed, helping him ease down onto the mattress when his knees hit the edge of the frame. 
Not one to usually take charge during sex, Tess knew that without his vision, she’d have to take the lead. Her shaky hands lead his, placing one on each side of her hips. His fingers curled around the elastic and slowly stripped them off her. Tess’s own hands covered his and followed them down her legs. Once free of her panties, she stood between his legs, completely naked and slightly unsure what to do next. It wasn’t that she didn’t know what to do so much as what to do with him. Where women were generally tactile creatures when it came to sex, she knew men relied much more on the visual experience for arousal. Knowing he lacked the visual help, she wondered what she could do to make the experience good for him. Before she could figure it out, Devin decided for her when he slid a hand around her waist and tugged her to him. 
Holding her still, he leaned forward and brushed slow, soft kisses over her belly. “One day soon,” he whispered. “I’ll kiss you here, knowing the product of our love is growing inside.”
The adoration in his tone nearly brought Tess to her knees. This really wasn’t about sex for him. It was a realization that nearly made her cry. She closed her eyes and held onto his shoulders as his fingers played within her folds, taunting her with the promise of so much more to come.
Just when she was sure she couldn’t take any more of his teasing, he stopped, pulling a whimper from her as she looked down at him. 
“Don’t worry.” He tugged at his shirt. “I’m not done with you by a long shot. Only shedding some clothing to make the playing field a bit more even.”
She helped rid him of his shirt, then pushed him back against the mattress where she stripped him of his sleep pants and was more than a little surprised to discover his lack of underwear. 
With a hand on each of his thighs, she dropped to her knees and proceeded to kiss the baby soft skin on the inside of his thighs. He squirmed and reached for her. “Tessa, what are you doing?”
She gazed at the proud flesh standing erect and engorged in front of her, and slowly wrapped her fingers around him, pausing to savor the feel of him. It had been such a long time, and they’d both grown and changed over the years. “I’m pleasuring you,” she finally said and stroked him with a caress meant only for lovers.
He moaned and fisted the sheets. “God, baby, that feels so good.”
“If that feels good then this will feel amazing.” Without waiting for him to ask what she meant, she leaned forward, drew in his scent and gave him the only thing she’d ever denied to Eric. Devin’s back arched, pulling his hips from the bed, and he cried out her name. With both her hands and mouth, she loved him in a way only she could. 
She wasn’t naïve enough to think there hadn’t been groupies in his life. After all, he was the dark-haired guitarist, with a sexy Irish accent who played for one of the hottest bands on the planet. 
But no groupie could love him the way she did and that’s what made their encounter special. This wasn’t simply about sex, but a reconnection of their hearts, their souls. Buried in her thoughts, she hadn’t noticed he'd moved until he grabbed her by the arms and ripped her away from her task. “What did you do that for,” she asked her tone slightly terse as she lay next to him, one leg draped over his. 
He smiled. “Keeping you from ending things before we’re truly done. When I come, baby, I want to be inside you, and not here.” He brushed a finger over her lips. “But here,” he said as his finger’s trailed south and played at the apex to her thighs.
“Well,” she replied, leaning in to mouth soft kisses along his jaw. “I think I can accommodate your request.”
“Good, because I’m already about to explode.” His hand searched along her body, finally grabbing her firmly around the waist. “Now, up you go, honey.”
Following his command, Tess straddled him and eased back, taking his length in one long slow move. “Oh, God.” The spring in her belly tightened, and she relished the exquisite feeling of fullness she was experiencing. “I forgot how much I missed this.”
He grinned. “You act like you haven’t had sex in years.”
She shook her head, forgetting for a moment he couldn’t see her motion. “Not like this, I haven’t.” 
“I take it Eric didn’t live up to your standards?” 
Not even close! She detecting the mocking tone in Devin’s voice and gave him a quick slap to the chest. “Eric did fine. Shame on you for even going there.” Though she had to wonder if he knew how close his statement was to the truth. 
Sex with Eric hadn’t been bad, per se. He was a good lover, but maybe a bit too adventurous for her taste. She enjoyed the romance of it all, the teasing of tongues, the tantalizing feel of skin on skin, and the romantic caresses which told of one's love for another. 
That wasn’t to say she was averse to trying new experiences. The idea of being tied up and spanked also had its merits. The problem was if Devin wasn’t part of it, she didn’t want to do it at all. 
Devin chuckled and his hands settled around her waist urging her to move. “You brought it up,” he said, his words coming out in short bursts as his hips raised to meet the rhythm she set. 
“Yeah, well, I’m telling you to drop it, okay?” she managed to -eek out as pleasure flooded through her.
“Fine, the last thing I want to do is ruin the mo...” His last word dropped off as his eyes went wide and he gasped. 
A quick jolt of panic flooded over her and she reached to touch his face. “Devin? Oh God, what’s wrong? Are you in pain?”
For several seconds he was motionless, then slowly shook his head. He blinked several times, and Tess swore he was looking straight at her, studying her. 
“Oh my God,” he ground out and blinked again before a smile engulfed his face.
“What is it?” 
“I can see.”
Chapter Nine

Devin stared up at Tess, hovering above him, and took in the flush in her face, her kiss-swollen lips and the way her long blonde hair hung wildly over one shoulder. Nothing short of a goddess, she was everything he remembered and more. 
Her eyes grew wide as she stared down at him. “You can see?”
He nodded, still not quite believing it himself. “And you have to be the most beautiful sight I’ve ever set eyes on.”
Her face slowly twisted into a grin and she moved. Realizing her intent was to disengage them, Devin’s hands snared her hips and held her in place. “Whoa, where are you going?”
She brushed the hair from her face, a confused expression in her brow. “To call the doctor. You need to have an eye exam so we can make sure everything’s okay.”
“Later,” he replied, holding her firmly in place. 
“But-”
He moved one hand from his grip on her waist and pressed a finger over her lips. “There will be time to call the doctor later. Right now we have more important matters to finish.” He thrust his hips gently; a subtle reminder of what they were doing before his miraculous recovery.
She gasped, her head tipped back and her eyes closed. 
His gaze wandered over her, taking in every succulent inch of her as he went. Their gentle movements caused her plump breasts to sway and bounce, tempting him, taunting him to touch her. He did, cupping her gently with each hand before brushing his thumb over her cherry centers.
Tess moaned, but never bothered to open her eyes. His gaze traveled further down, drinking in her flat belly and the soft curve of her hips before finally settling on where their bodies were so intimately connected. The sight only served to excite him more. One thing was for sure, nothing else was more important at that moment than watching her come. “You’re quick to forget, my darling, I promised you babies and I intend to keep my promise.”
She leaned down and buried her face against his neck. “I’ll always love you, Devin McFadden.”
He inhaled deeply, taking in the wonderful scent of perfume mixed with Tess’s own sweet pheromones. It was a familiar scent, and one he hoped to enjoy for the rest of his life. “Forever, honey,” he whispered as he bent his knees, leveraged his feet against the sheets and thrust upward. 
Nothing he’d done in his life could compare to the pure unadulterated feelings of love and contentment pumping through is veins as he made slow, sweet love to her. 
The record company could have his money, house and whatever else they wanted. But they couldn’t take the one and only thing that mattered most. Tessa’s love.
****
Tess opened her eyes and looked around the room. Morning light streamed from the edges of the curtains. Realizing for the first time since she’d set eyes on Devin, she’d had a dreamless and restful night’s sleep she smiled. 
A hand brushed against her side, causing her smile to widen. She glanced over her shoulder and found Devin looking at her. “Good morning, Beautiful.”
“Good morning to you.”
He snaked a hand up over her ribs, finger walking his way to her belly. “And how did you sleep?”
“Very well. I didn’t have any of those horrible nightmares.”
He trailed a path of kisses along the top of her shoulder, eventually nuzzling his way into the crook of her neck. “I’m glad to hear it. Those dreams are hard to deal with when you’re not used to them.”
She rolled over to face him. “You’ve had them all your life haven’t you?”
He nodded. “Once you become accustomed to them and understand how the power works, it’s easy to keep them in their place.”
“Did you have one last night?”
“As a matter of fact, I did.” He sat up and looked at her. “It’s the first time since before the accident I’ve dreamed.”
“I don’t think it’s a coincidence my dreams stop the same night you get your sight back.”
Devin sat for a moment and remained quiet, as if contemplating her statement. “I think you’re right about our connection. It’s the only explanation which makes any sense. I don’t know how exactly, but you were able to take my power and use it when I couldn’t.” He shifted, pulling her into his arms. “Maybe it was supposed to happen to give you some insight into these killings.”
“But the killer hasn’t been caught yet, so if that’s the case, then why do you have them back now?”
“I wish I knew. The one thing you have to remember when dealing with the supernatural is it’s completely unpredictable and works by its own rules.”
“Well,” she stretched and immediately winced when she realized she was sore in places she hadn’t been in a long time. “Speaking of working, I have to grab a shower and get to work before I’m late.”
She gave Devin a quick kiss then started to climb from the bed, only to have his arm snag her around the waist. “Are you sure you wouldn’t rather call in sick and stay in bed with me all day?”
A delicious image of them naked and tangled together in bed caused a shiver to run up her spine. For a split second, she considered the idea then shook it away. “As much as I’d love to be lazy and stay in bed today, patients are relying on me to be there.”
She peeled his hand away from her abdomen and climbed from the bed. When she turned to look back at him, she had to laugh at the cute pout he now wore. “Oh, no-no-no. Making puppy dog eyes at me isn’t going to score you any points.”
“So if I do other things to you, I’ll get points for that?”
She wanted to ask what kind of things, but feared his answer would indeed cause her to be late for work. “Um, I’m going to take my shower, before you and your suggestions cause me to get fired.”
He was still laughing when she closed the bathroom door, and Tess couldn’t help but smile. His ability to make her laugh was one of the many traits she adored about him.
She set her clean clothes on the bench, hung her towel on the hook and started the taps. Still not completely rested, Tess yawned. Knowing the dreams tormenting her would finally stop, she no longer worried about getting a restful night’s sleep. She couldn’t help but wonder though, how Devin dealt with them on a nightly basis. 
Completely rid of her clothing, Tess started to step into the shower only to realize she was still wearing the necklace. She removed it and set it on the counter, stopped and stared into the mirror. Her connection with Devin, so strong mere minutes ago waned. For a moment, the emptiness she felt nearly had her reaching to put amulet back on, but common sense won out. A little time without Devin’s feeling intruding on her thoughts might be a good thing. It would give her a chance to clear her head and get her mind straight. Once she finished her shower, she’d put the charm back on and their connection would once again become strong.
She stepped into the enclosure, turned her shoulders to the showerhead and let the warm jets of water hit her back. Muscles tight from last night’s escapade slowly loosened and relaxed.
Water cascaded over her head, soaking her hair. Tess reached for the shampoo bottle only to stop when the alarm in her brain sounded. With her hand hovering over the bottle, she replayed the previous night’s events, her heart pounding harder as she remembered. Oh my God, What did I do? 
It wasn’t so much the sex that was the problem, though she probably shouldn’t have done that either. No, it was those three little words she’d uttered before falling off to sleep in his arms. With such a declaration, she’d not only opened the lock on her Pandora’s Box of emotions, but inadvertently let him into her heart.
Now what was she supposed to do? If she returned to guarding her emotions, Devin would feel it and want to know why. Up to this point, he’d been completely open with her in that what he said was actually how he felt. She wanted to believe his actions and emotions bespoke the truth and give herself over to his love, but couldn’t. 
If she let him into her heart and he walked away this time, life as she knew it would be over for her. Psychically, mentally and emotionally connected to him, she’d never be able to give her heart to anyone else. 
Fourteen years had passed since their first joining and she’d yet to completely shed him from her. If she participated in a rejoining there was a good chance this time it could be for life. Did she really want to take the chance?
Tess lifted her face into the spray and ran her hands through her hair. She wasn’t nineteen anymore with her entire future ahead of her. With only ten years between her and forty, her opportunities for having children were beginning to fade. If she had any chance left of having a normal life, with or without Devin, she owed it to herself to take it. For now, it would mean shutting Devin out once again. 
****
Devin wrapped his fingers around the guitar and struggled to fret the cord. Damn if his hand didn’t hurt like hell. Determined to regain as much of his ability as he could, he grimaced and pushed through the pain. It was bad enough he’d lost his friends to the accident, he’d be damned if he was going to lose his ability to play too.
The notes rang out of key as the strings buzzed against the frets, frustrating him further. At one point, he played with the best, keeping up with the likes of Joe Satriani and Eddie Van Halen. Now he couldn’t even form a stupid G chord without making the instrument sound like shit. 
He set the guitar back on its stand and looked down at his hand. Was this his punishment for wanting out of the rock-n-roll life? Guess there was something to the old saying, ‘be careful what you wish for’.
Deciding it was time for a break, Devin ambled into the kitchen in search of something to eat. He rooted through the fridge, eventually settling on a sliced roast beef sandwich and chips for lunch. As he made the sandwich, his mind wandered back to Tessa. After last night, he was sure he’d made progress in gaining her trust. He hadn’t been hearing things when she'd uttered those three words he’d longed to hear once again.
Even when they awoke this morning, things between them seemed good, then she'd emerged from the shower and he noticed something had gone terribly wrong. Not wanting to push the subject with her, he hadn’t asked why she’d suddenly shut him out again. Nevertheless, it bothered him. Had he said or done something to upset her or was this simply a matter of her over analyzing the situation? Whatever the reason, he knew completely winning Tess’s heart back was going to take more time than he planned.
Once he’d made his food and cleaned up his mess, he picked up his plate and carried it back to the den. Regardless of the injury to his hand, this sitting around doing nothing was going to drive him insane. He needed to find something to occupy his time until he was able to get his life back in order. 
He picked up the remote and switched on the television. After flipping through several channels, he settled on MTV. Not that it should still be called music television, considering that with all the reality shows it played, it barely showed music videos anymore.
Thankfully, he’d managed to catch it during a block of music videos and eased back into the recliner with his sandwich to watch. The first three video’s passed without notice, then Devin stopped chewing and stared blankly at the television. There in front of him was Ascension’s video for A New Path. 
Travis’s image filled the screen. His dirty blond hair fell slowly into his face as he gripped the microphone and began to sing.
Life it seems will always leave you guessing
Up or down, left or right
The video cut to the guitars and an image of Devin and Cooper playing back to back with Kyle standing on a riser above them holding his bass.
So much to question
A crossroads brings you to the point
Lights flashed and pyrotechnics shot from pods behind them, then the video cut back to Travis. 
Which way do I go?
What’s wrong or right?
What I need is a new path to follow 
Some kind of direction in my life...
That video shoot had seemed to be millions of takes and retakes in an attempt to get the right look. Now, as he stared at the faces of his band mates immortalized forever by the camera, Devin was thankful for the director’s diligence. 
 By the time the song ended, tears filled his eyes and for the first time since the accident, he openly cried. Gut wrenching sobs echoed through the room, drowning out the music and wracking his body while a deep and penetrating pain clung to his chest, threatening to cut off his air. Unlike the rest of the world, who dismissed Ascension’s accident as an unfortunate demise of a potential rock giant, these men were family to him. They weren’t simply a drummer, base player, guitar player and singer, they were individuals who each possessed unique traits and held a special place in his heart. They’d been a team, banded together to take over the music world. Without them to fall back on, he would have to face his uncertain future alone—well not completely alone—he still had Tessa.
When his tears finally began to slow, Devin shut off the television, stood and headed for the bathroom. He flipped on the light, grabbed a washcloth from the cabinet and filled the basin with cold water. The ache lodged deep in his chest began to subside as he patted his face with the cool cloth. Nothing could bring back his friends, but he could find a way to keep their memories alive, to honor them in a way that their contribution to the music world would not be forgotten. But how?
Maybe this was something Tessa could help him figure out this evening after work. He let the water out of the sink, wrung out the washcloth and reached for the light switch only to have a blinding light flash before his eyes. The all too familiar rush of adrenaline flooded his body, and he grabbed the doorframe to steady himself. A quick image of Tessa filled his field of vision. She stood next to her truck, hands up in surrender while a faceless person pointed a gun at her.
As fast as the image came, it was gone and Devin stumbled out into the hallway. Once he regained his balance, he rushed for the phone and dialed the hospital. He needed to make sure she was all right, and warn her she was possibly in danger. 
Chapter Ten

Tess stepped into the elevator and pushed the button for the third floor. With last night's event still playing in her head and her emotions in turmoil, today was going to be a bit rough. 
The elevator opened to the second floor and Casey joined her. “You look like you’re in deep thought.”
Tess shook her head. “Just some personal issues. I’ll be fine.”
Casey smiled. “That’s good to know. But if you need to talk, my door’s always open, so to speak.” 
Tess nodded. “I appreciate that, but it’s something I’ll have to work out on my own.”
“Man troubles?” Casey asked, arching a brow at her.
A guilty smile tugged at Tess’s lips and she glanced down at the elevator floor. “You could say that.”
“Aren’t they always the source of our problems?”
Tess nodded. “At least in my life they are.”
Casey laughed. “Typical. Oh hey, I forgot.” Her look turned dark. 
Tess’s skin prickled in response. “Yeah?”
“I meant to tell you. You wanted me to keep you updated on Mr. McGovern.”
“Right.”
She grimaced. “He passed a few days ago. I’m sorry Tess, I kept meaning to tell you, and then I’d get tied up and forget.”
A shiver raced up Tess’s spine, and she closed her eyes in an attempt to steady her rattled nerves. “How many days ago?” The elevator doors opened, but Tess remained in place waiting for Casey’s answer. 
“Three I think. It was the same day you’d put the request in to be kept updated.” Casey lifted a hand and touched her arm. “I’m really sorry. You knew him, right?”
“My parents did,” she lied before snaking out a hand to hold open the doors. “This is my floor. Thanks for letting me know.”
“No problem, Tess. I’ll talk to you later.”
Hours later, Tess was still reeling from news. Guilt gnawed at her like hungry piranhas. Could she have done something to prevent it? He was dying anyway so how could she be sure he’d been murdered and not passed on his own? She’d have to talk to Eric about it. 
Walking back from a patient’s room, she overheard Tori calling to her. “Tess, Devin’s on the phone.” 
Tess’s brow creased and she increased her pace. Why was Devin calling her at work? 
“He sounded upset,” Tori said as Tess set the chart on the desk and picked up the receiver. She glanced at Tori, then pressed the line flashing on hold. “Devin, what’s wrong?”
“Are you okay?” 
Tess’s skin prickled as the fear in his voice registered in her ears. “Of course I’m okay. Why?”
“I had a vision of someone holding a gun on you. I know it was stupid to call you while you were working, but I needed to hear your voice and make sure for myself you were okay.”
With a subtle glance down, Tess gauged her distance from Tori before turning her back and cupping her hand over the speaker. “Is this your first one since your sight returned?”
“Yeah, why?”
“Well, maybe because it’s your first after your injuries it might be wrong. I certainly don’t mean to belittle what you saw, but I don’t know of anybody who would want to hurt me and the parking lot is fairly secure, especially with…well, you know.”
“Right…I forgot about the investigation.” He sighed into the phone. “Okay, so I definitely overreacted. I guess now that I’ve made a fool of myself, I’ll let you get back to work.”
Tess laughed. “Don’t worry about it. I’ve seen you make a bigger fool of yourself than this.”
“Gee thanks.” He chuckled. “I’ll talk to you when you get home, okay?”
“Okay.”
“Love you.”
For a second she paused before she replied. “You too,” she finally said before returning the receiver to the base. 
“Everything okay?” Tori asked.
“Yeah, everything’s fine, why?”
“Because he sounded upset.”
“Oh that? He fell asleep on the couch and had a bad dream about me getting hurt, so he was calling to check on me.”
“That was sweet of him.”
“Yeah, he’s a sweet guy.”
“You know, I’m a little surprised at you.”
“Why’s that?”
“Because it’s not like you to shirk your responsibilities. I mean how could you leave Devin home alone when he’s still blind and injured.”
Stunned by her friend’s declaration, Tess looked up from the chart she was writing in. “Are you kidding me? Weren’t you the one who was yelling at me the other day about letting him in my house, and now you’re suddenly worried about his well being?”
“Well,” Tori tapped her pen against the desk. “I’m only saying that if you cared about him as much as you say you do, then you wouldn’t leave him alone in his current condition.”
Tess swiveled her chair to face her friend. “For your information, Devin’s vision returned last night, and before that he’d learned to negotiate my house quite well using a cane.”
“Really?” Tori’s face contorted into a scowl. “He’s healing awfully quick. Don’t get me wrong. I’m glad he’s feeling better, but don’t you find it all a bit odd?”
Tess tried hard not to roll her eyes and failed. “Why do you have to be so suspicious? Some people heal more quickly than others do.”
“Yeah, but-”
Tess shook her head. “No buts, Tori. You know I love you like a sister, but I’m not going to sit here and allow you to hunt for reasons not to like Devin. I have an idea.” With Tori already suspicious of Devin, what Tess was about to suggest was probably a bad idea, but losing a friend to gain a lover didn’t seem like a good prospect either. What did she really have to lose? “You’re always trying to get me to go to church with you. Well, I’ll make you a deal. You come over for dinner one night after work, and I’ll go to church with you one Sunday?”
Tori shook her head. “I don’t think that’s a good idea.”
“Why not?”
“I’m not going to make a deal to get you to come to church with me, Tess. You want to live in sin with your warlock boyfriend, I can’t stop you, but I refuse to be party to it.”
“They’re not called warlocks.” By not letting the subject drop, Tess was treading into dangerous territory, but no way could she allow Tori to disparage him in that manner. 
“Huh?”
Breathing through her nose, Tess worked to appear calmer than she actually was. Tori wasn’t a bad person, she simply tended to obsess over a subject and her current topic of choice was religion, or rather Tess’s lack thereof. “The term warlock means ‘oath breaker’ and is often used by covens when they banish a member. The Christians from Old England were the first to assign the term to men who were considered witches and worshiped the devil. Even in today’s pagan society the use of the word is often frowned upon.”
“How do you know all this?”
“Because before you convinced me to take the nursing track in school, I had a class on alternative religions and wrote a term paper on pagan religions versus Christianity for my final. It was actually a very interesting subject matter, and if you could see past the doors of your own church for once, you might think so too.”
****
He was restless, Devin decided as he puttered around the house for what seemed to be the umpteenth time. After an hour of self-imposed therapy, his hand hurt like hell, and he was sick of watching television. He was about to head upstairs for a short nap when the familiar ring of his cell phone caught his attention. Following the sound, Devin found his phone plugged into a charger on an end table in the den. When had Tess done this? He’d been sure the charger, much like his favorite cherry red, Les Paul guitar, had been lost in the accident. 
He picked up the Motorola and stared at the number with disbelief. No way was his brother calling. For several seconds, Devin debated on answering, before innate curiosity won out. He flipped open the phone. “Hello.”
“Thank God you’re all right.” Gavin’s relieved voice boomed through the tiny receiver into Devin’s ear. “I got back from Australia and happened to catch a story of your accident on the news. Why didn’t you call me?”
“Well, you were in Australia for one. And then there was the whole being injured, blind and losing all of my friends. I wasn’t in much of a mood to try and have you tracked down.”
“You’re blind?” 
Gavin’s tone revealed a concern which made Devin feel instantly guilty for being snippy with him. It wasn’t Gavin’s fault their parents had treated Devin so badly when he was younger. He probably should have thanked them, because if they hadn’t sent him to live with his Grandfather in Ireland when he was five, Devin would have never learned of his powers and how to use them. “Not anymore. It was associated with my head injury. But it’s healed now, and my vision returned yesterday.”
“The hospital representative said you checked yourself out. So where are you staying?”
“Do you remember Tess Callaghan?”
“Wasn’t she the girl you dated in high school when you came back from Ireland?”
“That’s her. Well, she works as a nurse at the hospital where I was admitted, and she’s letting me stay at her house.”
“You know, bro., I don’t mind telling you that I was more than a little terrified when I found out what happened to you. I know we’ve never been all that close-”
Devin smirked. “That’s a bit of an understatement, Gavin.” That too wasn’t something for which he could blame Gavin. With more than six years between them, Gavin was already at college when Devin moved home. Angry and hurt over his grandfather’s passing, Devin had lashed out at everybody around him, Gavin included. 
“Maybe, but you know I love you right?”
The pang of guilt grew with his brother’s declaration. Up until that moment, he’d never given Gavin’s feelings much consideration. “Well, yeah, of course I know. I love you, too.”
“And so you know, what went on between you, mom and dad wasn’t my doing. I kept telling them to leave you alone, and let you follow your dream. That after what they’d put you through they had no right to demand things of you, but you know how they were.”
“Yeah, I know.”
“If you don’t mind, I have the next couple of weeks off before I start a new project. I’d love to fly up and spend some time with you.”
Up to the accident, the band had served as Devin’s surrogate family. With them gone and having faced nearly three weeks of feeling completely alone, save for Tess, Devin realized how much he'd missed having his real family in his life, even if it was only Gavin and his wife. “Actually, I think I’d like that a lot.”
“I’ll call when I get my reservations made. You take care of yourself, okay.”
“I will. And Gavin...”
“Yeah?”
“Thanks.” Devin flipped the phone closed and stared down at it in his hand. Could it be that something good would come from this tragedy? He could only hope. 
No longer feeling like a nap, he headed into the kitchen. Maybe he could scare up something to make a nice dinner and surprise Tess.
****
Tess stood in the doorway between the kitchen and the garage and watched while Devin, with his back to her, grabbed two hot pads off the counter and opened the oven door. He removed the bread from inside and set it on top of an empty burner on the stove. The aroma of garlic and onion filled the room, causing Tess’s stomach to growl in protest. 
After his phone call earlier in the afternoon and her argument with Tori, Tess had been too nervous to finish her lunch and now she was starving. 
He wheeled around and froze when he spotted her. “Hi.” He waved, still wearing the glove mitt on his hand. 
She smiled. “Hi yourself. What’s all this?”
“Um. I wanted to surprise you. I’m sorry about the mess on the counter. I promise I’ll do the dishes.” He quickly yanked the oven mitt from his hand and tossed it onto the counter. “Honestly, I didn’t expect you home for another ten minutes and was hoping to have most of this cleaned up by then.”
Her smile grew. Could he possibly know how adorable he looked when he was nervous? “I caught all the green lights and you didn’t answer my question. What is all this?”
“Dinner,” he replied. “And an apology for overreacting earlier. I usually handle my visions better, but this was my first one since the accident and well…”
She slipped out of her coat, hung it in the closet then crossed to where he stood. “It’s okay,” Passing by him on her way to the table, she lifted a hand to his cheek. “I understand.” Without another word, she shifted her attention to the beautifully set table complete with candles. “You did all this?” She looked over her shoulder at him.
“Well, I did cheat on the sauce, but I cooked the noodles myself.”
His confession made her laugh and she reached for his hand. “I appreciate you trying to make dinner, and I’m sure it will taste great.”
“I wanted to do something nice for you. You’ve been extremely patient with me and all my problems. And, well, this is my way of saying thank you.”
“You didn’t have to do that, but it is nice to come home and have dinner waiting on me.”
Devin reached for her chair and motioned for her to sit. “After you?”
A loud bang rang though the kitchen. Barely in her seat, Tess to jumped to her feet. Wide-eyed she looked over her shoulder at him. “What was that?”
“I don’t know?”
“It sounded like it came from the back patio.” She paused and listened while a faint scratching sound moved across the back wall. “Something’s out there.”
Devin let go of her chair and stepped toward the back door. “You stay here.”
She grabbed him by the arm, stopping his forward motion. “You’re not going out there alone.”
He turned to her, worked his arm free from her grip, then slipped his hands into hers. “I don’t know what or who might be out there, and I’m not willing to risk you getting hurt, especially after my vision this morning.”
“But you’re not completely healed, Devin. It could be dangerous for you.”
He lifted a hand and cupped her check, brushing a thumb over her lips. “I’d rather risk my life than yours. Now, stay here while I go investigate.”
Before she had time to protest further, he’d disappeared out the back door. She stood still for only a second, then the reality of the moment sank in and she raced for the phone. Devin was outside in the cold, unarmed with God knows what. She needed help.
She grabbed the cordless from its base and raced back to the kitchen while she debated on calling Eric or 9-1-1. Her fingers hovered over the phone buttons. She should have gone out with Devin instead of allowing him to go alone. What if the person had a weapon? What if there was more than one person? Enough what ifs! She pushed talk and had half of Eric’s number dialed when the back door swung open. Her gaze darted from the phone to where Devin entered with his hand wrapped around the hood of a teenage boy’s jacket. 
“Look what I found.” Using more strength than she thought possible he swung the kid around to face her, nearly taking the lad off his feet in the process. 
She pushed the off button on the phone and set it on the table. “Aren’t you the kid from the music shop?”
With his head hung low, he nodded. The motion caused his hair to fall down, blocking her view of his face. 
Devin pushed him into the kitchen and let go. “Sit.”
 The kid plopped down onto the kitchen chair, but refused to look up.
Devin began to pace. “It’s Jason, right?”
The kid nodded.
“Okay, Jason. Do you mind telling me what you were doing lurking outside Tess’s house in the dark?”
He produced a digital camera from his pocket and held it out in his hand. “I wasn’t going to do anything bad. I swear. I wanted to take a picture of you.”
“Why?”
“Because the tabloid magazines are offering a lot of money to the first person who can produce a post-accident picture of you.”
Tess leaned against the counter and crossed her arms. “Not only is it an invasion of his privacy, but you’re also trespassing on my property. You could get into a lot of trouble.”
His eyes went wide, and he jumped from his seat. “Please don’t call the cops. I’m on my last year of probation, and if I get picked up they’ll send me back to juvy.”
“If you were worried about going back to jail, why would you take the chance?”
Jason sank down onto the kitchen chair and dropped his hands into his lap. “Look, I’ll admit I’ve made some mistakes, but I haven’t had the most supportive home life either. My dad is an alcoholic and doesn’t work. My mom works two jobs and is never home. If I want to go to college, which I do, then I have to pay for it myself. What the tabloids are offering would not only put me through community college or a good trade school, but also give me enough to live on while I did it.”
He leaned forward and dropped his head into his hands. “When I found out Mr. McFadden was staying here, I figured I could sneak a picture through the window without bothering anybody.”
As much as she didn’t want to, Tess was starting to feel sorry for the boy. It wasn’t as if he were trying to steal from her or hurt anybody. He was simply trying to capitalize on an opportunity to better his own situation. “Why didn’t you call and ask for the picture?”
“I would have, but Mr. Goodwin keeps all the clients' info private, which means asking him for your phone number. He would have went off if I’d even suggested the idea. Don’t get me wrong, he’s a good man. He did give me a job and take me under his wing when everybody else wrote me off as a troublemaker, but he also agreed to keep Mr. McFadden’s visit private. I don’t want to screw up what little time I have left there.”
Devin stopped his pacing and shifted his attention to Jason. “What do you mean what little time you have left?”
“Mr. Goodwin is retiring in the spring. In two months, he’s closing the store and moving to Florida and I’ll be looking for a new job.”
“Really? Why doesn’t he sell the business?”
Jason shrugged. “I don’t know. I think he tried, but nobody was interested. It’s a real shame too because he has a solid base of repeat customers.”
“Wait a minute.” Tess pushed off the counter and held up a hand. “We’re getting off topic here, and I want to know how you managed to find my address but not my phone number.”
“Mr. McFadden bought the Marshall half stack you two couldn’t carry. Mr. Goodwin wrote the address on a piece of paper for the deliveryman. I got a look at the paper and memorized the address.” He turned his attention to Devin. “Right now, I don’t have much of a future, but the money from the picture could change things for me.”
For several long seconds, Devin looked at Jason, as if considering what the boy had to say. Then he looked to Tess. “Can I talk to you privately?”
Wondering what he could possibly have to say that he couldn’t in front of the kid, she followed him out of the kitchen and down the hallway. 
“I’m going to let him take the picture.”
Her eyes went wide. “Excuse me? Do you know what kind of risk you’re taking?”
Devin nodded. “The kid has to promise not to tell where he got the picture from.”
“And if he does.” Tess folded her arms over her chest.
“We’ll have to scare him into thinking that if he does, we’ll press trespassing charges. It’s obvious he wants to better himself, so jail is the last place he wants to be.”
Tess looked from him to the opening leading to the kitchen and back to Devin. “Are you sure you want to do this?”
Devin glanced back at Jason and nodded. “If it hadn’t been for my music, I could have been that troubled kid when I was his age.”
“But you didn’t come from a troubled home. You’re parents loved you.”
“Honey, you don’t need to have a shoddy past to turn bad.”
He had her there. How many kids had she seen come through the emergency room or end up in ICU that had come from good homes, but ended up with the wrong crowd? “Okay. It’s your life, not mine. You think giving him the picture is the right thing to do, I’ll stand behind your decision.”
With a hand against her spine, Devin followed her back to the kitchen, then stepped in front of Jason. “I’ll give you the photo.”
Jason lifted his head and looked up, his expression one of surprise. “Really?”
“Yes, really. But you have to agree not to reveal where I’m staying.”
Jason shook his head. “Oh no, Mr. McFadden, I promise not to tell anybody.”
“Good. Now let’s take the picture, then over dinner you can tell me more about Mr. Goodwin closing his store.”


Chapter Eleven

Tess curled up on the couch and snuggled against Devin’s shoulder. “Well that was an interesting evening.”
“Yeah, sorry about dinner, but after Jason explained things, I felt bad about sending him home without eating first.”
She rested a hand over his chest. “You always did have a good heart.”
He placed his hand over hers. “I could see myself in him, Tessa. The desperation to make something of himself, the drive to keep from allowing the situation to drag him down, I had the same thing when I was his age.” He squeezed her hand. “I don’t know how, but deep down, I know he’s a good kid who needs somebody to give him a chance.”
“And you’re going to give it to him.”
He shrugged. “What’s a picture? If he can make some money by selling a photo of me, then what’s the harm? I’d rather see him earn the dough than those paparazzi who hover like vultures waiting for the perfect shot.”
For several minutes, they sat in silence enjoying the movie, then he spoke again. “Did I tell you my brother called today?”
Tess bolted upright and looked at him with wide eyes. “Gavin called you?”
“Yep. Apparently, he recently returned from his project in Australia and learned about the accident. He was worried when he realized I hadn’t called.”
“You explained everything to him, right?”
Devin nodded. “He said he wants to fly up and spend some time with me.”
Tess reached out and rested a hand on his. “How do you feel about that?”
He shrugged. “Okay, I guess. After all, it wasn’t his fault my parents did what they did.”
“You’re right, but I’ve always wondered why they didn’t send both of you to your grandfather?”
Devin’s lips tipped into a cock-eyed smile. “Gavin was eleven and could be of some help to dad while mom spent time in the hospital recovering from her mental illness. I was a holy terror, and looking back, I don’t think Dad could've handled dealing with me on top of everything else.”
“Yeah, but after she got better they left you in Ireland. I never understood how they could do that.”
“They didn’t want to screw me up even more by making me come home after I’d finally settled in there. Now I’m older and I can see that, but back then, I assumed they didn’t love me anymore.”
“That must have been a horrible feeling for you.”
Devin’s eyes clouded over, and he dragged her to him, burying his face in her hair. “It was, but my grandfather did an awesome job raising me and for that I’m thankful.”
Her heart ached for him, and she wished more than anything she could make him feel better. “Well, there’s one good thing about you spending ten years in Ireland.”
“What’s that?”
“You came back to the states with one sexy Irish accent.”
He laughed and when he pulled away, wiped his eyes. “You always did know what to say to make me laugh.” 
For several seconds they stared at each other, the tension rising around them. Devin slipped a hand behind Tess’s neck and leaned forward, brushing a soft kiss over her lips. 
Knowing all too well where he was heading, Tess pulled away. Another night in bed with him would only add another crack in her already fragile heart. Until she could be sure he meant what he said about staying, she needed to continue protecting her heart. “You promised me a night of snuggling on the couch watching television.”
He grinned. “Considering I’ve broken enough promises to you already, I don’t want to add anymore to the list. Come here and get cozy.”
She snuggled next to him and yanked the throw off the back of the sofa to cover them. With remote in hand, he flipped through channels while she positioned the blanket just right. 
 He settled on an old eighties teen movie. As they watched, Tess’s mind continued to race from topic to topic and she couldn’t stop the hopeful curiosity building. “I can’t believe you’re thinking about buying the music store.” 
“Why is that?”
“I don’t know. I guess I assumed when all the hype blew over you’d go back to California.”
Devin angled his head toward her, curled a finger beneath her chin and tipped her face up. “I told you, I’m here to stay, Tessa, and I meant it. Yes, I’ll have to go back to Cali and sell my house, pack my stuff, but Mechanicsburg has always been my home, and I want to settle down here.”
She opened her mouth only to have the ringing of the phone interrupt her. Shifting, she reached behind her and grabbed the cordless off the base sitting on the sofa table. “Hello?”
“This is Andre Thomas, Mr. McFadden’s lawyer, is he there?”
“Yes. One moment please.” Tess put her hand over the speaker “It’s your lawyer.”
Devin pushed up from his seat and accepted the phone. “Andre. It’s good to hear from you.”
He moved the far side of the room. “Un huh, and what did they say?”
Losing interest in the movie, Tess picked up the remote and began flipping through the channels while she pretended to ignore his conversation. 
“Did you tell them there was no way in hell I’d do that.”
Out of the corner of her eye, she noticed him leaning against the doorframe separating the den and the dining room. 
“When?” His gaze shifted back to her. He smiled and blew her a kiss. “Tomorrow?”
His grin quickly morphed into a frown, and Tess could feel the tension in the room rise. “Where?”
He let out an exasperated sigh. “You know, I don’t have a car, right?”
“Rental? Yeah, that won’t give away where I’m staying or anything. Come on, Andre, you’re my lawyer, can’t you do better than this?”
He put a hand to his head and rubbed. “Right. Okay. No, I’ll be there.”
Without saying goodbye, he pushed the off button and turned back to Tessa. “He has a meeting set up with the record company for tomorrow at one of his associate’s offices in Philly. I need to be there.”
She pushed off the couch and walked toward him. “Do you want me to go with you?”
He shook his head. “I’d hate for you to miss work.”
“How are you going to get there?”
“I guess I’m renting a car.”
“Do you think you’re healed enough to drive?”
He nodded. 
“Well, instead of renting a car and running the risk of revealing your whereabouts, why don’t you take my car?”
“How are you going to get to work?”
Tess waved off his concern. “I’ll catch a ride with Tori.”
****
“I really appreciate you giving me a ride.”
Tori shook her head. “It’s not a problem. I’m happy to do it.” She drove away from the curb and turned down the side street toward the main road. “What did you say happened to your car?”
“Devin needed to borrow it. He had to get up early and drive to Philly for a meeting with his lawyer and representatives from the record company.”
“He’s well enough to drive, already?”
Tess nodded. “He’s still limping a bit, and his hand is still bandaged. Other than that, he’s not doing too bad, but he’s always been a quick healer.” 
“I’ll say. It’s only been what, about two weeks or so since he left the hospital.”
Knowing if the discussion continued on its current path, she would have to reveal more about Devin’s powers than she wanted, she changed the subject. “So, how are things going with your church group?”
The corner of Tori’s lips lifted into a smile. “They’re going well. Thank you for asking.”
“I know how important your participation in the church is, and I remember you saying how this youth group was a big deal.”
“It is. We’ve already touched so many souls, Tess. You should come one Sunday and see for yourself. It’s beautiful to watch these children on their journey to find God.”
 Tess gave herself a mental smack for picking the topic of the church. She knew once a person got Tori started there was no shutting her up. It wasn’t that she minded the idea of the Church and God. Even knowing Devin’s history and the fact he was a witch didn’t diminish her need to believe in a higher power. What drove her crazy was Tori’s incessant need to preach in an attempt to convert new believers.
“I’m sure it is.” 
Tori made an abrupt left hand turn into a strip mall and headed for the end store. “Listen, I want to run through the drive-thru at Java Lava. You want anything?”
Thankful for the quick change in subject, Tess shook her head. “No, thank you.”
“No?” Tori arched a delicate brow. “Aren’t you the one who said you can’t function this early without coffee?”
“Usually, but I’m not in the mood.”
“Okay, so what’s wrong?”
 “Nothing. Why?”
“Because I know you and you never pass up the opportunity for a caramel latte, so what gives?”
“I guess I’m a little concerned about Devin’s meeting today. What if the record company holds him to the contract and he has to leave again?”
“I don’t see how they can. With his hand damaged and the rest of the band gone, I can’t imagine how it could benefit them to keep him bound to a contract he can’t fulfill.”
“True, but what if they claim breach of contract or something and try to sue him? From what I’ve heard, the music business can be brutal. I’d hate to see him lose everything he’s worked so hard for.”
“Why are you so worried about what happens to him anyway. Didn’t you tell me he broke your heart?”
“Yeah, but people change and he says he wants to stay here, settle down and start a family.”
“Really? And you believe him?”
“Yeah I believe him. For all his faults, Devin’s never lied to me.”
Tori angled into the drive through to order “Are you sure you don’t want anything?”
“No thanks.”
Tori ordered and drew up behind the car waiting at the window. “Hey, can you reach into the back seat and grab my purse for me?”
Tess leaned over to pull Tori’s purse from the seat and noticed a small duffle bag sitting open in the floorboard. She paused as she stared at the contents inside. What would Tori be doing with syringes and other medical equipment in her car? “What’s all this?”
Tori glanced over her shoulder. “Oh nothing. It’s my bag for when I volunteer over at the East Side Free Clinic.”
Tess could feel the frown coming on and did her best to hide it. Even if she did volunteer, it didn’t seem right that the clinic would allow her to keep equipment and medicines in her car. “How long have you been volunteering there?”
“Oh about three months I guess. It makes me feel good to help those who can’t afford or are afraid to seek out medical care.”
Tess straightened in her seat and handed Tori her purse. “I didn’t know you volunteered.”
Tori gave her a look Tess couldn’t quite interpret. “There’s lots of thing you don’t know about me.”
****
Tess was still pondering Tori’s declaration when they drove into the parking lot. What the hell had she meant by it? Of course if she were being completely honest, there were a lot of things about herself Tess hadn’t told Tori either. Still, she wasn’t the one carrying around a bag of medical supplies in her car.
Tess walked past the storage room in the basement where Eric’s crew worked surveillance. Then shuffled into the locker room where the time clock was. She hung her coat inside her locker then clocked in with Tori behind her. “Where are you working today?”
“Labor and delivery,” Tess replied.
“Lucky. I’m down in the cancer ward again. As much as I end up there, I swear Casey doesn’t like me.”
Tess made a face. “That’s absurd. Casey puts us where she needs us and tries to play on our strengths. Because you’ve got such a great rapport with God, she probably feels you do your best work there because those people are facing their own mortality.”
“Yeah, maybe. Sometimes it gets to be a little much though.”
They stepped into the hallway and Tess stopped short. “You know, I really should go to the bathroom before I head up. I’d hate to have to pee right in the middle of a delivery. Why don’t you go on up, and I’ll catch up with you later.”
Tori nodded. “Okay. Maybe we can have lunch.”
“Uh, yeah, lunch sounds good.” Tess raced back into the locker room and headed for one of the stalls. She locked the door and waited until she was sure Tori would be on her way upstairs, then scrambled down the hall to the storage room. Using the key Eric had given her, she unlocked the door and snuck inside. 
Eric looked up from his paperwork. “Tess?”
“I know I shouldn’t be here, but listen to me. I don’t know if it matters, but I found a bag full of syringes and bottles of medication in the floorboard of Tori’s car. She put the bag in the trunk when we got here.”
Eric frowned. “Did you ask her about it?”
Tess nodded. “She said it was for the East Side Free Clinic where she volunteers, but I’ve never known any facility to allow you to carry supplies like syringes and meds without some way of protecting them.”
“Are you telling me you think Tori's the killer?”
Tess shook her head. “No. I mean I hope not, but you told me if I noticed anything out of the ordinary to let you know. Well, this is out of the ordinary.”
“Okay, I’ll have the team investigate the clinic and run a check on Tori.”
****
Devin hobbled off the elevator and gimped his way to his lawyers' 20th floor office. He hated having to pretend to still be injured, but explaining his quick recovery wasn’t an option. He switched the cane from one hand to the other, opened the glass door scribed with the lawyer’s names in gold leaf, and entered. A petite brunette looked up from her computer and smiled. “Can I help you?”
Devin nodded. “I’m here to meet with Andre Thomas.”
“Have a seat,” she replied, then flipped her chestnut hair from her shoulder and picked up the phone. 
Devin eased down into one of several the plush chairs and picked up a Money magazine. Barely a paragraph into an article on ’How to make the most of your savings accounts’, he looked up to see Andre walking toward him. 
“Devin. How the hell are ya? It’s good to see you’re up and moving around. How was the drive?” 
“The drive was okay. A little hard on my foot, but nothing I couldn’t handle.” Putting on a good show, Devin gingerly pushed up from the chair, grabbed his cane and hobbled next to Andre. If there were a down side to being a witch, it would have to be the need to hide the obvious to protect his secret. “So how’s it looking?”
Andre smiled. “No worries, they have no desire to become the Big Bad Wolf.” 
Andre held open the glass door and motioned for Devin to enter. He stopped inside the doorway with a jolt. Not only were two lawyers representing the record company sitting across the table, but so was Eddie.
The smug expression on his face made Devin want to throw his cane to the side, jump over the table and beat the living shit out of the guy. The bastard. It was his fault Travis and the rest of them were dead. All he had to do was give the order, and they could have been off the road and into some hotel rooms, somewhere-anywhere. There were few people in Devin’s life he flat out hated. For as long as he lived, Edward Fairchild would remain at the top of that very short list.
“Okay,” Andre began. “We all know why we’re here, so let’s get started.”
Two hours later, Devin stepped out onto the sidewalk a free man. He glanced over his shoulder as Andre joined him. “So I think we have reason to celebrate.”
Andre smiled. “I agree. There’s a great bistro about three blocks up. You think you can make it with your bum leg?”
Devin couldn’t help the smirk engulfing his face. “Please. In the mood I’m in, I could practically dance there.” 
Andre slapped a hand to Devin’s back as they began walking. “I know there were a few concessions you didn’t really want to make, but as you know, this kind of negotiation is all about give and take.”
Devin nodded. “Yeah, and it’s usually them doing all the taking. No way am I going to complain about the deal.” He grinned. “Did you see the look on Eddie’s face when the lawyers said they weren’t going to push for the talk show tour he’d suggested?”
Andre chuckled. “For all my years in this business, I’ve never seen anybody turn that shade of red. I swear for a minute, I was afraid he'd choke on his own tie.”
“Would serve him right if he did.” 
They began to walk, skirting around the open vents spewing steam from below ground. “I have to admit, I’m still not sure about agreeing to you playing again. Honestly, Devin do you really think you’ll be ready in six months?” Andre asked.
Andre’s concern was valid. Six month’s wasn’t a long time for Devin to get his chops back, but if he had to do anything in front of a television, playing was preferable to talking. And if he wasn’t ready, he’d simply recruit help. He shrugged, “I should be, and if I’m not, I’ll still have it covered.”
Andre arched a brow. “You know, I’m not even going to ask.”
Devin paused at the crosswalk and waited, glancing up at Andre he smiled. “You’re probably better off.” 
The light changed and immediately they were swept into the crowd crossing the busy intersection. Taxi drivers honked, impatiently waiting for the crowd to pass so they could turn down the side street.
“So what do you think of my other situation?” Devin asked. He hoped to spend the afternoon working out the preliminaries with Andre on the purchase before heading home. Home! Devin smiled at the image of him walking through the door into Tess’s waiting arms. She too would have her concerns over his performing again, but with a little reassurance, he knew he could pull it off and in the end have it all.
“You mean buying the music store?” Andre asked, his voice cutting into Devin’s thoughts. “I think it’s probably a good investment, though without all the pertinent data, it’s hard to be sure.”
“I don’t want to tie this up for months analyzing it, Andre. I need a preliminary agreement to take back and present to the owner when I leave later today.”
“Listen, Devin. I know you’re eager to jump on this opportunity, but from what you tell me it’s not as if the man has other buyers beating down his door. I think it’s a little foolish for you to hop into this without checking everything out first.”
“So was running off to California to be a rock star, but it worked out.” He paused. “Well, until the accident anyway.”
They rounded the corner and Andre pointed. “The bistro is two stores up.”
Walking past a jewelry store window display, Devin stopped to gaze through the glass. Winning his freedom from the record company was certainly something to celebrate, especially since Tess had been so concerned about the way the deal would go. He couldn’t think of a better way to punctuate the finality of the situation than by asking her to marry him. 
“Devin?”
Devin glanced up to see Andre staring at him. “If you don’t mind, I want to go in here for a few minutes.”
“Sure, but why?”
“I want to buy something for a special girl.”
Devin pushed on the door and the bell above it chimed. Taking his time, Devin scanned the cases, passing over displays of solid gold earrings, necklaces with diamond pendants and rings adorned in the various colors of the rainbow. A young woman with long red hair and a large toothy smile sidled up behind the case, eager to make a sale. “Can I help you?”
Devin nodded. “I want to buy an engagement ring.” On his drive into Philly that morning, he’d spent a lot of time trying not to think about the meeting or the band, instead choosing to dream about opening up the music store and recording studio while starting a family with Tess. He’d always assumed their future included marriage, but up to this point hadn’t given it serious consideration. Obviously, if it were going to happen, he’d have to ask her first. Staring down into the jewelry case at the plethora of choices, he knew it was the right time.
“Okay, what size and style stone were you looking for?”
Devin shrugged. “I don’t have a clue.” He really didn’t. Tess wasn’t a flashy, materialistic type of person, so she wouldn’t want a large stone. She favored the traditional over modern elements. "Maybe something like...that one.” 
She opened the back of the case and removed a ¾-carat princess cut solitaire for him to inspect. “It’s a traditional piece, elegant yet beautiful.”
Devin couldn’t agree more and was about to take it when his gaze caught the front row of the case. “That’s the one.” He pointed.
She exchanged one ring for another and handed it to him. A teardrop shaped one-carat diamond in a platinum setting. Devin nodded. “That’s the one.” 
Andre leaned over his shoulder. “Why that one?”
“It’s for all the tears she shed while waiting for me.”
Chapter Twelve

Tess placed the last dish in the washer, closed the door and set it to run later in the evening. She looked out the kitchen window and couldn’t help but wonder how Devin had made out in the meeting. More than once during the previous night, he’d assured her it would be fine, still she couldn’t help but worry. 
Added to her concern for Devin was her suspicion of Tori. Having time to think about things, she now regretted telling Eric about what she’d found. How could she call herself Tori’s friend and suspect her of such a horrible thing?
With her mind racing from one topic to the next, there wasn’t any way she would be able to sleep. She lifted a hand to the necklace and wondered if she could use it to contact Devin, then thought again. He would be back soon, and she didn’t want to freak him out by trying to make a psychic connection with him while he was driving. 
She glanced around the room, deciding on what to do next. The floor could use a good mopping, and a pile of laundry sat on top of the washer, awaiting her attention. Anything involving water would be time consuming though and if she did suddenly grow sleepy, she wanted to be able to drop into bed with out worry. Instead, she headed to the closet and grabbed the vacuum cleaner from inside.
She plugged it in and flipped on the switch. The white noise from the motor drowned out all the other sounds as she moved the cleaner back and forth over the living room rug. 
What if the record company executives had bullied Devin into making another album? He’d have to go back to California, and she’d be left behind once again. What about the music store? During last night’s discussion, he’d been adamant about buying the store. If the lawyers flexed their muscles, he’d probably have to leave that dream behind also. Of course, he didn’t need to live in Mechanicsburg to own a store there, and it would be a good investment. Either way, it would still leave her alone again.
Maybe Eric had been right when he voiced his concerns about letting Devin back into her life. There wasn’t a doubt in her mind he loved her, but his first love had always been the music. Deep down, she knew he’d never leave the lifestyle behind. Once again, she’d simply end up being collateral damage in his quest to reach his dream. 
A hand landed on Tess’s shoulder. Her body jolted and she screamed as she spun on her heels to face her intruder. Eric let go of her and stepped back, holding his hands in the air. She shut off the vacuum. “Are you out of your mind?”
“I’m sorry, but I’ve been knocking for ten minutes. I finally got concerned and used my key. I didn’t mean to scare you.”
Tess put a hand over her chest and struggled to regulate her breathing. “Okay, I forgive you, but why didn’t you call first?”
“I was on my way home from dinner when I got a call from one of the other detectives working the case. Since I was close, I figured I’d swing by.”
“I thought you said you weren’t coming back as long as Devin was here.”
“I know what I said, but I found out information about the clinic Tori’s volunteering for, and I wanted to talk to you about it.”
Tess dropped down onto the sofa. “Okay, you talk and I’ll try to convince my heart not to beat out of my chest.”
Eric sank down next to her and rubbed a hand along her back. “I’m really sorry, hon.”
She shook her head. “It’s okay. Now tell me your news.”
“Well,” he extracted his hand from her and leaned forward to rest his forearms on his knees. “Our suspect also worked at the clinic up until three months ago, when management said they suspected him of stealing drugs and let him go.”
Tess’s eyes grew wide. “Mitch worked at the clinic?”
Eric nodded a smiled crept across his face. “I doubt he put the clinic on his resume when he applied at the hospital.”
“I bet your right. No matter how short-handed we are, there’s no way they would have hired somebody who’d been accused of stealing drugs.” She wrinkled her brow. “So what about Tori?”
“She was telling the truth. She’s been working there for the last three months and actually started right before Mitch left.”
“And the syringes I found in her car?”
“According to the clinic, she’s been making house calls to patients too sick to come to them, so the syringes are legit.”
Tess leaned back against the cushions and lifted her hands to her eyes. “I can’t believe I even for one second suspected Tori of being the killer. What kind of friend am I?”
Eric patted her knee. “You’re the kind of friend who is willing to look past the friendship when necessary.”
She moved her hands and looked at him. “Yeah, well, I feel horrible for doing it, and I can’t even apologize to her because she doesn’t know about the investigation.” 
“And because she doesn’t know, she’s unaware you ever suspected her, so there’s no need to apologize.”
She cocked a brow, her mouth agape. “Do you hear yourself? I accused my best friend of killing people, and you’re telling me to simply dismiss the guilt I now feel.”
He twisted on his hip and grasped her hands in his. “Honey, I don’t mean for this to sound the way it’s going to, but you’ve always been a bit overemotional about things. I mean look at your situation with Devin.”
Overemotional? “I’m overemotional? At least I have emotions, Eric.” She ripped her hands from his and pushed off the couch. 
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
She snatched the vacuum plug from the wall and began wrapping it around the base. “It means when it comes to emotions you could give Mr. Freeze a run for his money.”
His brow knit and his face twisted into a frown. “I’m not cold, Tess. I’m practical.”
She laughed. “You call it practical, I call it callous.”
“Callous?” he yelled. “How can you say that? I was there for you when you lost the baby, and I was there when your parents were killed in the car accident.”
Tears burned her eyes and she blinked hard, fighting them back. The last thing she wanted to do was cry in front of him. He’d simply use it as another example to prove his case. “Physically you were there, but do you remember what you kept saying to me?”
“No.”
“Well, I do. When my parents died, all you kept telling me was they wouldn’t want me to mourn for them and at least they didn’t suffer.”
“I was trying to bring something positive into a tragic situation.”
“Why couldn’t you hold me and let me cry for them, instead of telling me to suck it up and deal? Even when I lost the baby, you kept telling me it wasn’t meant to be and I needed to move on.”
His jaw dropped. “It was the truth.”
“That may be, but it wasn’t what I wanted to hear. I was heart-broken and you basically told me to get over it, that because it wasn’t something tangible to you, it didn’t matter.”
“Honey, I know you were crushed, but you were nineteen. It wasn’t like you weren’t going to get another chance to have kids.”
“I wasn’t.” She paused, her gaze dropping away from his. “Not with Devin anyway.”
The silence in the room was palpable, and the tension rose with each passing second. “Is that why you never wanted to have kids with me?” he finally asked.
The sound of the door opening caused Tess to look up at him. “I’m sorry,” she whispered before turning her attention to the hallway. 
Devin closed the kitchen door and dropped the keys on the table.
“Thank goodness. I was starting to worry.”
He gathered her in his arms and kissed her forehead. “No worries, hon. All is good.” His body stiffened and she looked up to find Devin and Eric exchanging looks. “Eric.”
“Devin. Good to see you’re doing better.”
“Thanks. How’s the investigation coming?”
“We’re making progress. Well, I should get going.” He reached for the door handle. “Thanks for your help this morning.”
“You’re welcome,” Tess replied as he closed the door. 
Devin motioned to the front door. “What was that all about?” 
“I ran across some information this morning I hoped might aid in their investigation, so he came by to thank me for the help.”
“I got that. What I was asking about was why he left abruptly. Was it something I said?”
“Oh that.” She pushed away from him and wandered back into the living room to retrieve the vacuum. 
“Yeah, that. Is he still mad about you letting me stay here or is there more to the story you’re not telling me?”
She paused and rested a hand over the vacuum handle. “We had a bit of a fight.”
Devin’s brow knit and he brushed her hair from her face. “What kind of fight?”
“In a nutshell—he’s convinced you’re going to hurt me, and he’s angry with me for letting you back into my life.”
Devin’s brow rose. “So he hates my guts. I’m sorry to tell you this, but that little bit of information isn’t all that surprising.”
“Hate is a really strong word, Devin. I think it’s more like he doesn’t trust you.”
“Do you trust me?”
“Honestly? I don’t know. I love you more than anything, and I want to believe you when you say you’re not going to hurt me again, but-”
“You don’t believe I’m going to stay.”
She looked away. 
He grabbed her by the hand and led her to the sofa. “Let me tell you something. Thanks to my attorney, I’m free of the record company, and I get to keep all my money.”
Her eyes widened. “It’s over?”
“Well, not exactly. The deal is I have to do at least one on air interview. Andre is working out an interview with the Today show for sometime next week, so I’ll have to go to New York for a day or two, and I have to perform at the Music Video Awards in September.”
“Perform?” She frowned. “How can you do that when your hand is damaged?”
“The awards show is six months from now. That’s plenty of time to get some of my dexterity back, and if necessary, I’ll recruit somebody to play with me and help cover what I can’t do.”
“That’s it?”
Devin nodded. “Once I do those things, I’ll be done with the record company and free to do whatever I want.” 
She arched a brow. “Whatever you what, huh?”
He drew her close. “Whatever I want,” he repeated on a whisper as he lowered his lips to hers. 
****
All day he’d been thinking about how he was going to propose. Now, all he could think of was taking Tess to bed and making slow, sweet love to her. His lips trailed away from her, planting slow, drugged kisses along her jaw line on his way to the sweet spot on her neck just below her ear. “Want to take another shot at a baby?”
She angled her head toward him and nuzzled his cheek. “I do.”
His passion flamed from deep within, sending an insatiable heat racing through his body.
“I think we might want to go upstairs before I lose all control and take you right here on the couch.”
She grinned. “Sounds like fun.”
Fun? His brow rose in shock. Was his sweet little Tessa more than she appeared? “Oh it does, huh?” He slid a hand along her side, brushing over the plump curve of her breast on his way to her waist. “What happened to my innocent sweetheart?”
Much to his surprise, she slid a hand between them and cupped him through his jeans. “She grew up and learned the ways of the real world.”
Her words sparked his desire, calling to him to take what he wanted. A growl started low in his chest, reverberating through his entire body. He crushed his mouth over hers, his tongue spearing between her lips, begging for entrance. She granted it, stoking his fire to the point Devin was sure he’d internally combust. 
He lowered her to the couch, then dropped to his knees and slid between her thighs. His lips hovered mere inches from hers. “You’ll always be my innocent sweetheart.” She stared at him, her green eyes shimmering with a love he knew belonged entirely to him. 
“You’re really not going to leave again?” Desperation and hope filtered through her words and pierced him directly in the heart. This was the moment when he could sweep away all her fears and break down the last of her emotional barriers. “Would I do this if I were going to leave again?” He slid a hand from her leg and reached into his pocket to pull out the box, then set back on his heels and handed the tiny velvet square to her. “Open it.”
Her delicate brows creased with curiosity as she slowly cracked open the lid. Her eyes grew wide and immediately filled with tears. “Oh, Devin.”
He leaned forward, rested his lips over her dampened skin along her cheekbone and tasted the salt of her tears. “I want to be the husband you need me to be. I want to be the father of your children and have the family I never had growing up. Marry me, Tessa.”
She captured his mouth with her own. Tongues darted and tangled in a deep penetrating kiss, which soon left them both breathless. Needing air, he regretfully pulled away and drew in a deep breath. “Well?”
Tears continued to break loose and roll over her cheeks as she nodded her answer. Devin’s heart soared. From complete devastation to utter joy, never had he imagined his life could change so drastically in less than a month. A smile the size of the sun engulfed his face, and he snared the box from her, removed the ring and slid it onto her finger. Finally, after ten long years, she was his, and only his, once more. He kissed her hand and worked his way up her arm. “Let’s go upstairs. You deserve better than sex on a couch.”
He held out a hand to help her up. Without breaking their link, he followed her up to what would soon be their bedroom. At the doorway, he paused and observed his surroundings. This space represented their sanctuary, a place where they could test their boundaries together and experiment in the safety of each other’s arms. With any luck, it would also be where their love would create life.
Tess let go of his hand and walked to the side of the bed where she stripped down to nothing. “Join me?”
Taking in every luscious curve, every creamy inch of her petite frame, he could barely contain himself. He quickly joined her and had to bite back a moan when she skimmed a delicate hand over his chest. One by one, he shed his clothes until, completely naked, he tugged her to him. 
Her heated skin burned wherever they touched, tattooing him with an invisible symbol of her love, one only he would ever see. The succulent aroma of jasmine and wildflowers, though subtle at this point in the day still teased his senses, reminding him of days gone by, of a time when everything was fresh, new and the world was at their fingertips. 
Ensconced within his arms, she leaned forward and brushed an open mouth kiss over his nipple. He sucked in a quick breath and held it while pleasure signals raced through is body. 
He’d waited years to feel the softness of her touch again, and now she was in his arms.
Only he could complete the connection between them that would push them both into another existence, another plain.
In one fluid motion, he lowered her to the bed and slid between her legs. Hard and ready, he poised himself at her gateway and stopped. With his eyes locked on hers, the world around Devin slowly began to slip away, until nothing existed but them. His fingers laced through hers. If she agreed, tonight they would not only connect on a level nether had seen for fourteen years, but also create a life.
“Tonight is the vernal equinox,” he whispered wondering if she’d remember the significance of it.
She looked up at him. “If we join tonight, we’ll have a better chance of getting pregnant, won’t we?”
He nodded. “I don’t want to push you Tessa. If you don’t want to-”
She placed her finger over his lips as a smile drifted across her features. “Do it.”
His heart jumped with joy. “Do you still remember?” 
She nodded and pressed a soft kiss to his chest. “It’s something I’ll never forget.”
He drew in a deep breath and began to speak. “I call upon the watch towers, guardians of fire, air, earth and sea. With divine powers, guide us as we come together, I to her and she to me. With our bodies as one, let our minds also be. Hearts and souls forever join, so mote it be.” 
She repeated his words as he slowly sheathed himself in her wet heat. Light flashed bright before his eyes, and the landscape blurred. Somewhere deep within his chest, he sensed her, a second heartbeat, faint and steady slowly mixing with his own. After years apart, they were again one and this time it would be forever.
Joined in a rhythm, their physical bodies played off each other, pushing, pulling, prodding and teasing until Devin was sure neither of them would survive the joining. Energy coursed through them, the power building until he couldn’t take it anymore. His release came hard, his body shuddering, pumping out his seed. Somewhere inside the chaos of his own brain, her cry registered and she clenched around him.
Barely conscious, Devin managed to speak and the words he’d only dreamed of saying tumbled from his tongue. “By the powers of fire and air, earth and sea, make two in one, one into three.” He collapsed on top of her in a mass of exhausted flesh and much to his surprise listened to her whisper. “So mote it be.”
****
Tess slapped at the blaring alarm three times before it finally stopped. Too warm to care about anything other than going back to sleep, she rolled over right into Devin’s chest. She opened her eyes and stared at the fine hairs cover his pectoral muscles before a slow smile infiltrated her features. 
She lifted her hand and gazed upon the teardrop diamond resting proudly on her finger. It was proof she hadn’t been dreaming and in a matter of a few hours, everything that had been wrong in her life righted itself. Her other hand slid down over her abdomen and she closed her eyes in an attempt to picture their child.
Devin’s hand trailed along her side, grabbing her by the hip to pull her closer. “You want to try for some insurance?” he whispered, as he lowered his head and kissed a path along her cheek. 
“Insurance?” she asked, trying hard not to giggle at his sleepy tone.
“Well, you know magic can only go so far. With more of my boys on patrol, we up our chances.”
Tess started to move her hand from her belly only to feel the confirmation of his dedication hard and ready against her hand. 
A low growl echoed in her ear as he nuzzled into the sweet spot on her neck. “I’ll take that as a yes?”
“I think some insurance is a capital idea” She wrapped her fingers around his length only to hear the blaring of the alarm once again. Mentally cursing herself for hitting the snooze button instead of shutting the damn thing off, she reached for the clock and gasped. “Oh my God.”
Devin jerked upright in the bed. “What?”
“It’s a quarter after six.”
His features contorted into a mask of confusion. “So?”
“So?” she repeated, throwing the covers off her. “I only have forty-five minutes to get a shower, eat breakfast and get to work.”
Half way to the bathroom she paused, then traipsed back to the bed. She climbed atop the mattress and gave Devin an apologetic kiss. “I’m sorry. I promise we’ll do the insurance tonight.”
Forty minutes later, Tess stopped in the employee lounge doorway and inhaled. Because of nearly being late for work, she had to skip her morning mocha latte in order to make it to work on time. Desperate to sate the caffeine headache forming, she’d headed for the lounge and the less than stellar coffee that kept the interns working insane hours. High in caffeine, low in taste, but it would do the job.
What she hadn’t planned on was running into Tori so soon. After their last discussion about Devin nearly ended in an argument, Tori began to distance herself. It saddened Tess to see her friend pull away, but knowing Tori’s dislike for him was based solely on religion and suspicion, she also knew no argument she made would make a difference.
Tori closed the refrigerator door, turned and stopped dead in her tracks when she eyed Tess. “Good morning,” she finally said after several seconds.
“Good morning.” Tess moved into the room and shuttled the long way around the table to the coffee pot.
“How have you been?”
Tess poured the liquid lightening into a Styrofoam cup. “Good and you?”
Tori nodded. “Good. So things are okay between you and Devin?”
“Actually.” She looked at Tori and held up her hand, showing off her ring. “We’re getting married.”
Several emotions, none of which Tess could read, streaked across Tori’s face in a matter of seconds before she schooled her features into a neutral gaze. “That’s great, Tess. I’m happy for you.” She rested a palm on the door handle. “Listen I need to get over to surgical recovery. I’ll talk to you later.”
Before Tess could stop her, Tori disappeared through the door. Tess blew out a breath and leaned against the counter. By saying yes to the love of her life, she’d lost her best friend. With her also scheduled to work surgical recovery, it was going to be a long and awkward day.
Chapter Thirteen

Devin sat down on the edge of the couch, picked up his Gibson and strummed an open chord. He leaned back against the sofa and closed his eyes. Images of him on stage, staring out over a sea of people flooded through him. Never again would he experience the thrill of being on stage, hearing the crowd sing his own songs back to him. 
He knew the business well enough to bet someone down the road would offer to put a band together around him, damaged hand or not, and he could continue with his career, if he wanted. What fun would it be without the rest of the band? He couldn’t imagine moving on without the others and while he desperately wanted to continue to play and write, he didn’t want to lose Tess again.
Opening the recording studio in the basement of the music store would give him the best of both worlds. He would be able to help fledgling musicians showcase their bands, maybe do some writing and recording of his own, and at the end of the day come home to Tessa and whatever family they could make together. If only he could convince Tess his intentions were sincere.
The soft rapping of knuckles against wood jerked Devin from his thoughts. He set the guitar back on the stand and headed down the hallway to the front door. After peeking through the hole to see who it was, Devin was more than a little shocked to find Jason standing on the porch. He opened the door. “Jason?”
He glanced sheepishly up at Devin. “Mr. McFadden. I’m really sorry to bother you, but I wanted to talk to you about something.”
Devin stepped out of the way and motioned for the kid to enter. Whatever he had to say, he could do it out of the cold. He closed the door and stepped back, giving Jason some space. “So, what’s up?”
Jason scuffed is foot across the bristled welcome mat. “I wanted to let you know, I’m not going to sell the picture you gave me.”
“Why not?”
“Because it doesn’t feel right. I know you said you didn’t mind, but I thought about it and it’s not the right thing to do.”
Devin smiled. “It’s good to know you have scruples, kid, but what about paying for college and bettering your life?”
Jason shrugged. “I’ll figure something out. Mr. Goodwin said you were thinking about buying the store. I was kinda hoping if you did, could I keep my job?”
Devin nodded. “Of course. I’m going to need somebody who knows his way around a guitar and you seemed to know what you were doing that day.”
Now it was Jason’s turn to smile. “Thanks, Mr. McFadden. That really means a lot coming from you.”
Devin wrinkled his brow. “I appreciate that you think my opinion matters, but I’m nobody special.”
Jason’s eyes grew wide. “Are you kidding? You are one of the primo guitarist in rock these days. I saw you trade licks with Zach Wylde on the rock monsters tour a few years back. It was freaking amazing.”
The awe in the kid’s eyes touched Devin on a level he didn’t think was possible. For the last five years, he’d dealt with fans almost on a daily basis and though their praise was always nice to hear, he’d learned to become immune to it. He’d seen too many of his peers grow big heads from listing to their loyal fans. Once that happened, the quality of their music began to suffer and their demise was inevitable. 
Yet, something was different about Jason Southerland. Something set him apart from the average fan. The more Devin learned about Jason and his past, the more he connected with the kid. 
 Despite the band’s demise, Devin still had connections in the industry and the knowledge to know a bad deal when he saw one. If the kid had any kind of real talent, he could possibly help Jason achieve his goal. 
The lifestyle wasn’t for everyone. Egos, drugs and alcohol abuse sent many bands by the wayside before they ever reached the brass ring. As far as Devin was concerned, those who failed did so because they were in it for the rock-n-roll lifestyle instead of the music.
Oh sure, he’d drank his fair share of alcohol and had his share of groupies, but they had only been a perk while doing what he truly loved-playing music.
“You know, I was about to do my physical therapy for the day. You want to join me?”
Jason’s faced contorted into a confused frown. “Physical therapy?”
“Yep.” Devin nodded as he held up his un-bandaged and still injured hand, revealing the bright red and raised surgical scars. 
Jason’s mouth opened as he stared at Devin’s hand. “Whoa. So the rumors are true about you not being able to play anymore?”
Devin shook his head. “Oh no, I can still play, just not nearly as well as I used to. I have to do physical therapy on my hand to try and make it as normal as possible, so I practice my guitar, but my soloing days are most likely over.”
“So you want me to play guitar with you?”
Devin shrugged. “Unless you have something better to do.”
Jason nearly danced in place. “No, of course not. I…I’d be thrilled-no honored-to jam with you.”
Devin motioned to the hallway. “Then let’s go into the den and you can show me what you know.” 
Once inside the den, Jason sat in the recliner and eyed the cherry red Les Paul resting on the stand. 
Devin smiled. “You’re welcome to play it.”
Jason held up his hands and shook his head. “Oh no, I couldn’t.”
Devin picked up the Gibson and handed it to Jason. “Please, I insist.”
“But the electric would be easier for you to play.”
Devin nodded. “You’re right, which is why I need to play the acoustic. I have to rebuild the strength in my hand and I can’t do that if I’m taking the easy route.”
“Okay,” Jason replied as he reached down to plug in the amplifier cord. “So what do you want to play?”
Devin rested his arms over the top of the acoustic and looked over at him. “What do you know?”
“Only every song Ascension ever released.”
Devin smiled. The kid was surely doing his best to get on Devin’s good side. Wouldn’t it be interesting though to hear his music played by someone other than his band mates? “Okay, then. Show me what you know.”
“What do you want me to play?”
“How about ‘A New Path’?”
Devin counted off and together they began to play. By the end of the first chorus, Devin was sure he had a diamond in the rough sitting in front of him. When they came to the solo, Jason stopped. 
Devin frowned. “What’s wrong?”
“I can’t do your solo. That would be weird.”
It would be weird for him, too, but he had a bigger problem than listening to somebody else playing his solos. “Well, with my hand the way it is, I can’t do my own solo either, so why don’t you give it a shot.”
Jason hedged. “But I don’t know how to play it. I tried working it out once, but I’m not doing something right, and by the end of it I’m always on the wrong note and out of key.”
“Where are you starting at?”
“The A string on the seventeenth fret.” Jason moved his hand over the guitar neck and fingered the cord, "like this, right?” 
Devin shook his head. “Ah, there’s your problem. It does sound like I start on the A, but actually the correct fingering would be the G string on the 8th fret. By starting there, you give yourself the opportunity to walk your way down the strings instead of turning your fingers into a pretzel by trying to go back and forth all over the neck.”
“Can you show me?”
Devin grimaced. “Honestly, I don’t know.” He set the acoustic to the side and accepted the guitar from Jason. “I’ll give it a shot, but you have fair warning it won’t be like what’s on the album.” Knowing there was no way for him to play the song up to speed, Devin took his time, masking his disability under the guise of teaching a lesson. Before long, Jason slid through the solo with as much ease as if it were his own. Devin inwardly smiled through the end of the song. He wasn’t sure who he was more proud of, himself for having the patience and nerve to teach the kid, or Jason for having the drive to keep trying until he had it right.
When they finished the song, Jason put down the guitar and looked at Devin, his face glowing with enthusiasm and joy. “I know you may not think so, but it was awesome.”
Devin set his acoustic on the couch and snorted at Jason’s words. “I know you’re not tone deaf, otherwise you would have been singing off key. So you must be trying to prop up my ego, because my playing was horrible.”
Jason shrugged. “You have a reason for it. Besides, I wasn’t talking about your playing. I was referring to you showing me what you knew. You’d make a great teacher.”
Teacher? Now why hadn’t he considered the idea of teaching? Devin cocked his head to the side. “You really think so?”
Jason nodded. “Oh yeah. The way you’re able to show what you’re talking about without racing through it makes all the difference. A lot of us self-learner types don’t know how to read music and chord charts so we can only go so far. You know tips and tricks which probably took years to learn.”
Jason’s declaration was like a hammer to Devin’s head. Could it be his disability wasn’t the punishment he considered it to be, but instead a gift from which would allow him to teach others and share his knowledge? The idea of opening and running the music store was looking better and better. 
With his elbows resting on his knees, he leaned forward, clasping his hands together. “A teacher, huh? Well, maybe I’ll think about that. So tell me, Jason, do you have a band of your own?”
Jason shook his head. “Not really. I get together with a couple of friends and jam once in a while, but it’s nothing serious.”
“Ever played in front of people before?”
Jason’s spine straightened at the question and he smiled. “Once, at my high school talent show. We took first place in the group category.”
“That doesn’t surprise me after what I heard. You have a real talent for the guitar, kid. With a little more practice and guidance you could be something.”
Jason’s eyes grew wide and the smile he wore soon engulfed his entire face. “Thank you Mr. McFadden.”
Devin held up a hand. “Call me Devin. Mr. McFadden makes me feel old.”
“Okay.” Jason nodded. “Wow, you really think I could be something?”
Devin considered his options. Didn’t he say to Andre yesterday he’d have the playing thing covered? At the time, he didn’t have a clue what he was going to do, but with the young talent sitting in front of him, an idea was quickly forming. “I do and to prove it to you, I have a proposition to make.”
"What’s that?” 
“Well, you know the rest of my band is gone, and I have a contractual agreement left to fill. If you’re interested, I could use your help. How would you feel about playing on stage with me in front of thousands, possibly millions of people?”
****
After a full day of virtually no conversation other than what pertained to work, Tess had pretty much given up any hope of salvaging their friendship. Every time she engaged Tori in a serious discussion, she’d excuse herself to check on a patient or flat out change the subject. She’d made her feelings clear, and Tess would simply have to accept them.
Tess glanced at her watch. With only ten minutes left in her shift, she was looking forward to getting home to Devin. Home to Devin! Wow, how long had she wished for the day when Devin would again be part of her life? Now, it had finally happened. All along, she refused to completely give in to her feelings, choosing instead to keep a cautious guard on her heart. She wasn’t stupid enough to believe there was actually a happily ever after in their future. After all, he was a rock star with a career and life completely different than her own.
She’d been prepared for him to leave once he had fully healed, but he’d done the one thing she hadn’t expected. He’d proven her wrong. 
“Earth to Tess,” 
Tori’s voice cut through her thoughts and she looked up at her friend. “I’m sorry, what were you saying?”
“I was asking if you had change for a five. I want to grab a juice out of the machine before I leave, but I don’t have anything smaller than a five” She grabbed her purse from the bottom desk drawer and sat it on the chair. 
Tess nodded. “Yeah, I think I can make change for you.” Rooting through her own purse, she was interrupted by the ringing of the phone. She picked up the receiver. “Outpatient recovery.” She shouldered the phone and reached for a chart. “Just a moment while I check.”
She flipped opened the chart and listened as a call buzzer sounded for one of the rooms. 
“I’ll get it” Tori rose from her chair and headed down the hallway. 
“Yes, the surgery went well and he should be ready for release in about an hour.”
She replaced the chart in the rack. “No problem. Thank you for calling.”
She reached across the empty chair to put the receiver back on the hook, and bumped into it. Tori’s bag rolled to one side then tumbled off the chair on the floor. Thankfully, the contents didn’t spill out, but the bag did sit wide open. She glanced down, ready to pick it up and place it back on the chair when something caught her eye. Taking a closer look, she leaned over and read the names of the tiny glass vials inside Tori’s purse. 
Tess couldn’t believe her eyes. At least three different vials of meds suspected of being used in the various murders, sat inside. For a second she sat stock still as her brain scrambled to catch up with her eyes. Where, or better yet, how had Tori absconded medications such as these without anybody noticing? 
Tess picked the handbag off the floor, closed it up, and set it back on the counter, all the while her mind spun with plausible reasons for the meds. No way could Tori be the killer. There wasn’t an evil bone in the woman’s body. She was the type of person who took in stray animals, and donated to every charity under the sun. Hell, she’d been the one who told Tess about the nursing shortage in the country and convinced her to become one when they were dumb college students fumbling through their freshman year, looking for something to do with their lives. Still, Tori was wearing the same type of ring Tess had seen when she had her vision and her hair was brown. No. Tess shook her head. There had to be another reason, an explanation as to why she had the drugs in her purse.
 “So do you have the change for a five?” Tori asked, rejoining Tess at the desk. She paused, giving her purse a curious look. “I thought I left my bag on my chair.”
“You did.” Tess nodded. “But it fell off onto the floor. I figured it would probably be best to pick it up before somebody tripped over it.”
Tori smiled. “Oh, you’re right. How guilty would I feel if somebody were injured because of my clumsiness?”
Tess let out a nervous laugh. “Yeah, that would be bad,” she mumbled as she thought of what to do. Come on brain, think! Eric! She needed to call Eric and tell him what she’d discovered. 
Tori shook her head. “I swear, sometimes I’m such a klutz. Hey listen, I want to apologize for the way I’ve been acting today. I have my reservations about Devin, but I shouldn’t let them come between us, right? Since our shift is over, how about we swing by Java Lava and you let me buy you a mocha latte?”
Tess inwardly cringed. “Um…I’m afraid I’ll have to take a rain check tonight, Tori. Devin wasn’t feeling good when we got up this morning.” Liar! “Actually, I hated even the idea of leaving him home alone, but what can I do, you know. I have to work, right?” Liar! Liar!
Tori smiled. “Yep, we all have bills to pay. Well, maybe some other time then. You know, if you want, I’m sure I could talk to Reverend Fallsworth about marrying you guys. Our church is gorgeous on the inside and it could be a beautiful ceremony. I'm telling you, you’d absolutely love it.”
“Well, we haven’t set a date yet, and I’m not sure what Devin had in mind, but I’ll talk to him about it.”
Tori’s spine straightened and she appeared pleased with Tess’s answer. “Great. I’m telling you Tess, with a little work, this could be the wedding of your dreams.”
Tess smiled. All she wanted was to be Devin’s wife and she didn’t need a big, fancy wedding to accomplish that goal. “I’m sure it could be. As soon as we make some decisions, I’ll get with you and we’ll set things up.”
Tori nodded. “I’m looking forward to it. Despite Devin’s pagan ways, I think with a little guidance, you both could find your way back to God.”
Tess bit down on her tongue and swore she’d taste blood any second. As much as she wanted to argue with Tori, she knew it was pointless. At some time, during the day, Tori had apparently decided to attempt to convert them instead of walking away. “Well, I have to get going. Here’s the change you wanted for your drink.” She handed Tori five ones, took the five-dollar bill, stuffed it in her purse and hurried toward the elevators. The sooner she was able to talk to Eric, the better. 
Heading out of the ward and downstairs to clock out, she removed her cell phone from her purse and switched it on. The hospital basement never provided a cell signal, but at least she’d have it ready when she reached her car. She stepped off the elevator and nearly ran into Roy Kendal, one of the other detectives working the case. 
“Hey, Tess, how's it going?”
She fell in step next to him and glanced over her shoulder to see if anybody was behind them. Satisfied they were alone she nudged him into one of the storage rooms and closed the door. “I have something to tell you.”
“What is it?”
“I worked in the post surgical ward today with Victoria Daniels and discovered she has vials of meds in her purse.”
His brow creased. “What kinds of meds?”
“Morphine, Oxycodone, and Phenobarbital. I didn’t ask her about them, but I know she’s not supposed to be carrying them around in her bag.”
Roy scratched his chin. “We don’t have any record of any drugs being stolen from here, so I wonder where she got them?”
Tess started to shake her head then paused. “Eric said something about the East Side Free Clinic had a robbery a few months ago and their drug cabinet was broken into. They thought Mitch did it, but couldn’t prove it. I bet it was Tori.”
Roy’s eyes widened. “I’d take that bet. Great, Tess, you may have broken this case wide open. I’ll get my people right on it.” He motioned to the door. “How about I walk you out?”
Tess opened the door a crack and peered into the hallway. “That’s okay. I’ll be fine.”
With it empty, she stepped out and headed down to the time clock with Detective Kendal in tow. She clocked out, whirled around and nearly ran into him. “Really, I’m fine, besides you have an investigation to complete.”
Without saying a word, he continued behind her until she reached the door for the employee parking lot. Having him follow her all the way to her truck simply wouldn’t do. More than a little annoyed, she pivoted on her heel to face him. “Listen, if you don’t mind, I’d really rather you not escort me to my vehicle. If anybody sees us, they might get the wrong idea. Or worse yet, get suspicious.”
He shot her a ‘yeah right’ look then smiled. “Don’t ever try to bullshit a bullshitter, Tess. If you don’t want me walking you to the car, just say so.”
“Okay, I don’t want you to walk me to the car.”
“You know, Eric told me you were damn independent. Fine, I’ll stand here in the doorway and watch you. Would that be okay?”
She smiled. “That’s fine and Eric’s a little overprotective sometimes. I have to be independent or he’d never let me do anything.” She pushed open the door and a cold blast of wind whooshed through the opening, causing her to shiver. She gathered her coat a little tighter around her and headed down the shoveled path. “See you later,” she called over her shoulder to him. She didn’t have anything against Detective Kendal, after all, he was only doing his job, but deep down, she knew Eric had probably issued special orders when it came to her. He wasn’t above going out of his way to be overprotective. 
Shivering, Tess hit the unlock button on the remote and the truck lights flickered as the alarm disarmed. It was a shame she didn’t have a remote start for it. The damn thing would take a few minutes to warm up inside and how awesome would it be to climb into an already toasty vehicle?
With one hand on the door handle, a sound caused her to stop and look around. She was beginning to think her own paranoia was getting the better of her when Tori appeared from behind the truck and pointed a gun directly at her. Tess’s heart nearly stopped as she stared at her friend. “Tori? What are you doing?”
“I think we need to have that coffee, Tess.” 
Tess’s heart beat like a base drum inside her head, nearly drowning out Tori’s voice. “Okay, why don’t you get in and I’ll drive?”
“Do you really think I’m that stupid? You're coming with me, and I know your cop friend over there is watching us, so act normal.”
Tess drew in a deep breath, the cold air stung her lungs as she forced herself to remain calm. She nodded then turned and walked around the front of her truck toward Tori’s car. If she timed it right, maybe she could catch Tori off guard and wrestle the gun away from her. 
Tori gave her a shove from behind, and Tess nearly slipped on a patch of black ice covering the parking lot. “Get in.” 
Maybe a wrestling match wasn’t such a good idea. Tess opened the passenger door of Tori’s red Toyota and sank into the seat. She watched the woman who she’d considered a friend skirt the back of the vehicle and toyed with the idea of making a run for it. She’d never seen Tori with a weapon before and wasn’t too sure how accurate of a shot she was. Of course, even if she wasn’t a good shot, she ran the risk of an errant bullet piercing through a window in the building and hurting somebody else. She couldn’t take that chance.
Tori slid into the driver’s seat, closed the door and looked at her. “Don’t do anything stupid, okay?”
Tess nodded. “Okay. You’re in charge here. I’m going to put my seatbelt on.”
Tori watched her as she locked the belt in place. “What’s this all about, Tori?”
“As if you didn’t know?” she spat as she drove out of the parking lot. “Do you really think I’m so stupid, I wouldn’t find out about the undercover investigation?”
“So the police are doing an investigation. That’s nothing to get all upset about.”
“It is when my best friend is feeding them information. I could tell by the way you were acting you’d seen the vials in my bag. Honestly, Tess, I really wish you would have stayed out of this.”
“Why, Tori? Why did you kill those people?”
“You really don’t understand, do you?” She glanced from the road to Tess and back. “It’s God’s will, Tess. I’m fulfilling my promise to the Lord by doing his bidding. All those people were either going to die anyway or would be forced by man to suffer through long unproductive lives. I freed their souls by sending them to heaven to live with their creator, the one who loves us most.”
“No, Tori. You murdered innocent people. Ending their lives wasn’t your decision to make.”
“That’s where you’re wrong, Tess. God has given me the power. You’ll see.”
“Why? Where are you taking me?”
“I’m taking you to meet the creator.”
Chapter Fourteen

Devin was nearly asleep when a knock on the front door yanked him from his slumber. He padded down the hallway with purpose. At this rate, he might as well have a revolving door installed. Deciding whoever was on the other side had better have a damn good reason for interrupting his nap, Devin grabbed the handle and caught himself right before he flipped the lock. 
Not only had his late night tryst with Tessa taken a toll on his still healing body, eventually resulting in his need for a nap, but it had also clouded his thinking. He paused to look through the peephole, ensuring it wasn’t some rogue reporter, or overzealous fan that discovered his whereabouts. With the way the news worked, he figured he’d only needed to hide for maybe another month or so before he’d be forgotten about for whatever the latest news story of the day was. 
Much to his surprise, Eric stood on the front porch, blowing into his hands to keep warm as he waited. Surely, he had to know Tess was working. Devin flipped the deadbolt and opened the door.
Eric looked at him. “Devin.”
“If you’re looking for Tessa, she’s isn’t home from work yet,” Devin replied.
Eric nodded. “I know. I came to talk to you. Can I come in?”
Devin did a mental eye roll. Knowing Eric’s intense dislike for him, Devin could only image what the man had to say. He’d made his opinion clear and while Devin held no animosity toward him-after all he couldn’t’ fault the man for falling in love with Tessa-he wasn’t interested in defending his intentions again. 
Eric studied him up and down. “After I left last night, I realized not only were you walking around like you’d never been injured, but you’re driving too. When I was here two weeks ago, you could barely move on your own. I want some answers “
Devin sighed. “You wouldn’t believe me if I told you.”
Eric’s brow knit into a scowl. “Are you going to try to feed me more of that witchcraft nonsense?”
“It’s not nonsense.” Devin nodded toward the den. “Let me prove it to you.”
Once in the den, Eric took a seat in the recliner across from the sofa, a look of disinterest on his face. Devin picked up the black spell book and handed it to him. He inspected it with the eye of a detective, turning the tattered, yellow pages with interest, then shrugged. “This is Tess’s book. I saw it when we were married.”
Devin shook his head. “No, it’s mine. Before I left for California, I asked her to keep it, to take care of it for me because I wasn’t sure what was going to happen with the band and I didn’t want the book getting damaged or lost.” Devin took the book from Eric, opened it to the last page and handed it back to Eric. Eric read the inscription on the inside of the back cover from Devin’s Grandfather.
“Okay,” he finally said handing the tattered manual back to Devin. “So the book is yours. That doesn’t prove anything.”
“Maybe this will.” Devin set the book down and concentrated on the candle resting at the end of the table. He picked up the lighter and ignited the wick. After several moments, he began to concentrate on the flame, working it higher, forcing it into different and varying shapes. 
“How in the hell did you do that?” Eric asked. His voice was loud enough to break Devin’s concentration and the flame snuffed out when he turned his attention to Eric. 
“My great-grandfather was a witch; a full blooded, incantation-chanting, spell-casting witch. Those powers were passed to my grandfather and then to my dad. Only instead of embracing his heritage, my father shunned it and moved to the states. He met and married my mother who wasn’t a witch. They had my brother, who I don’t believe has any abilities and doesn’t practice. Then they had me. I have strong psychic powers and some telekinetic abilities. As far as invoking spells and such, I can, but the results are usually subtle and not instantaneous. I invoked the healing spell two and a half weeks ago, and it took the better part of seven days before everything completely healed.”
Eric leaned back against the chair. “Let’s suspend reality for a minute and say I believe you. Why is Tess affected?”
Was that progress he sensed? Had Eric opened his mind to the possibility of Devin’s powers? Devin eased down onto the couch. “When I was sixteen, I realized she and I had a special connection. She holds more power than she realizes which is why I’d bet anything there’s a witch somewhere in her lineage. She’d never had visions before, so the only thing I can figure is because of my injury and her heritage, I somehow was able to transfer my powers to her.”
“And now that you’re healed?”
Devin shrugged. “Her visions have stopped and mine have started again, so I think it’s returned to me. But how, I honestly don’t know.”
“What about the charm you both share?”
Devin nodded. “You mean the amulet? It’s fire onyx. The stone was my grandfather’s and I had it split and put into matching charms when I convinced her to take part in the joining. It helps to sustain the connection between us.” He cocked his head to the side and shot Eric a curious look. “Is that why you came here; to find out about my abilities?”
“Actually, I came here to talk to you about your intentions with Tess.”
Devin arched a brow. “No offense, but she is a grown woman. Shouldn’t this conversation be taking place between she and I, instead of the two of us?”
“Look.” Eric stood and began to pace the room. “When you left her behind, she took it hard. I don’t care how much you two talked about your leaving. Even if she did say she understood, it was still rough on her.”
Devin held up a hand. “I know it was hard on her. Much harder than I wanted it to be, but it’s different this...”
Eric shook his head. “No, Devin. You didn’t watch her fall into a depression so deep you worried for her safety. You weren’t the one here to hold her while she cried at night and made sure she got out of bed the next day and went to work. It took years for her to get over you.”
He stopped and looked back at Devin. “She never completely did, and as much as I love her, I have to accept the fact she’s still head over heels for you.”
“Look, Eric. I love Tessa more than you’ll ever know and I would never intentionally hurt her.”
“What about unintentionally? Just your being here is giving her hope, setting her up for another heartbreak.”
Devin shook his head. “No, it’s not. I’m not leaving this time. Sure, I have to go back to LA and tie up some lose ends, but I’m done with that part of my life. Last night after you left, I asked Tessa to marry me.”
The words hung in the air between them for several seconds before Eric spoke. “I assume she said yes.”
Suddenly feeling bad for Eric, Devin nodded. Eric had made his love for Tess clear and it couldn’t be easy for him to accept she loved another.
“Do you really expect me to believe you’re willing to walk away from the rock-n-roll lifestyle you’re accustomed to, to be the husband Tess needs you to be? Cause if you’re not, you need to make a clean break now, before you do anymore damage.”
Devin looked up at him. “I’m not leaving, Eric. My hand didn’t heal like the rest of my body, which tells me the damage is permanent. Oh sure, I can still play guitar, but I’ll never have the chops I did before. Besides, there’s no way I’d want to go on without my band.”
He moved across the room to stand face to face with Eric. “I know you love Tessa and you’re worried about her, but you don’t have to. It’s going to take a bit of time and adjustments, but I do want to be the husband to her she wants me to be. I want to have lots of kids with her and be the father I always wanted my dad to be. And believe it or not, I want to be a friend again, to her, you and everybody else I left behind.”
Eric met his stare and drew in a long, deep breath. “Witch or not, if you hurt her again, I swear, I’ll make you disappear off the face of this earth.”
Devin nodded. “Fair enough.” He glanced at his watch and was barely able to make out the numbers through the broken crystal covering, and made a mental note to look into buying a new one. “Now, I wish I knew where she was. She should have been home by now.”
“What, you can’t summon one of your visions and check on her?”
Devin chose to ignore the sarcasm dripping from Eric’s voice and shook his head. “I’ve only had one vision since regaining my sight, and it ended up being wrong. These things take time, and it may be awhile before they’re working correctly again. Hell, I’m still not even sure if all of my powers returned with my sight. I hope for Tess’s sake they have. She hasn’t had any nightmares in a few days, which is a good sign. She didn’t deal well with them, and it’s been a helpless feeling to sit by and know I can’t do anything to stop them.”
Eric pursed his lips and ran a hand over his chin. “I know. I’ve never seen her so insistent about something. She was so sure about what she’d seen, I decided to check into her claims a little more. I asked the lab to run the blood taken from Travis Brighton and Gus McGovern, the elderly cancer patient from Tess’s visions. Both came back with high levels of Phenobarbital.”
Devin’s legs shook and he sank down to the couch. “Then Tess was right, Travis was murdered,”
Eric cocked his head to the side and nodded. “I’m afraid so. I know you and he were close. I’m really sorry.”
With the pain of losing Travis still fresh, it was as if Eric had reopened the wound. “Thanks. So does that mean you believe us now?”
Eric nodded. “We ran back the surveillance tapes from the cameras monitoring people entering and exiting the various wards in the hospital. On each occasion within fifteen minutes of the patient’s death, we discovered the same person entering and exiting the ward. She fit the description Tess had given me and wasn’t supposed to be working either ward at the time she was there. According to the schedules, she wasn’t even supposed to be there at all.”
“Who?”
“Victoria Daniels.”
Wide eyed, Devin stared at Eric. “You have to be kidding me. Isn’t she supposed to be Tess’s best friend?”
Eric nodded. “Which makes it much more important we warn Tess. My men are in the process of obtaining a warrant to search Tori’s apartment, car and her locker at work, but I want to make sure Tess knows.”
Devin glanced at his watch again. “So where the hell is she?”
The loud ringing of Eric’s cell phone caused both men to jump. Eric reached for his belt clip and flipped open the phone. “Detective Parker.”
Eric’s face twist and turn with emotion as he listened to whoever was on the other end. “How long ago did they leave?”
He glanced at his watch and shook his head. “I want an APB on Victoria Daniels car right away. If she’s still in the city, I want her stopped.” Without saying goodbye, he flipped the phone shut and looked at Devin. “Tess was spotted by one of our agents, leaving the hospital with Tori about fifteen minutes ago.”
Devin’s heart practically leaped out of his chest as he jumped from his spot on the sofa. “You mean they left in the same car?”
Eric nodded. “Tess’s explorer is still in the parking lot.” His gaze fell toward the window leading to the back yard. “I have a bad feeling about this.”
So did Devin and there wasn’t any way he was going to simply stand by and allow something bad to happen to Tess, not now when he was so close to having it all. “So what do we do?”
“Get your coat.” Eric ordered as he started down the hall toward the front door. “If you really are psychic, now would be a fine time to conjure up those powers.”
****
Tess took in her surroundings as Tori parked her car in front of the New Hope Holy Resurrection Church and shut off the engine. “We’re here.”
“Why?”
“You’ll see.” Tori picked up the gun sitting between her legs and again pointed it at Tess. “Stay put.” Tori exited the vehicle, and moved to the passenger door. “Okay, now get out.” Tori held the door open while holding the gun at her side.
Afraid of asking more questions and angering Tori, Tess complied with her order and climbed from the car. She walked slowly up the path leading to the church’s front doors with the muzzle of Tori’s gun firmly against her back. Her entire body shook and she had to will herself to stay calm. After eight years of working at the hospital, she’d learned things only got worse when people began to panic.
Tori rang the bell and the two of them waited in the frigid air for someone to answer. Only a couple of minutes passed before a man, Tess guessed he was probably in his mid forties, appeared at the door. “Victoria? What’s going on?”
“Reverend Fallsworth, I’ve brought you the sacrifice we’ve been looking for.”
The pastor glanced between Tess and Victoria, seemingly confused by her statement. “Sacrifice?” he asked.
“Yes, the one you’ve been talking about during your sermons.”
The look of concern etched into his features gave Tess some hope. Maybe, if she were lucky, he’d be able to talk Tori out of doing anything stupid. She hoped so, anyway, because she certainly didn’t like the connotation the word ‘sacrifice’ carried. 
He looked at Tess and nodded. “Okay, bring her inside.”
Silence filled the inside of the church, allowing the sound of their footsteps to echo off the walls as the three of them walked down the center aisle toward the front pews. Once seated, Reverend Fallsworth spoke again. “Victoria. I know you want to serve the Lord in the best way possible and it is honorable that you’ve brought God a living sacrifice, but for such a ceremony to work she must be a willing participant.”
“She is, she just doesn’t know it yet,” Tori replied. “Go ahead, Tess, tell him you want to give yourself over to the Lord.”
“Victoria, please. You can’t force someone to do what you want them to do. As long as you’re holding a gun on her, I can’t believe she will go to the Lord with open arms."
The gun vibrated against Tess’s back and rubbed against her coat. She wondered if it was Tori pushing her to respond. Either way, she only hoped Tori didn’t slip and accidentally pull the trigger. 
“You can talk to her,” Tori said. “Make her see by giving herself to God, she will not have lived her life for nothing.”
Reverend Fallsworth rose from his seat and slowly moved towards them. “Victoria, I know you mean well, but when I spoke of sacrifice, I meant giving of ourselves during the course of our lives.”
“But I have given of myself. I’ve done everything the Lord has asked of me, and now I’m offering her to God as my way of thanking him for showing me the way.”
He stepped closer and the gun disappeared from Tess’s back. Tori now pointed the weapon at the pastor. “I need you to bless her and absolve her of all her sins so she can be pure when she meets the Lord.”
“Victoria, I really think we need to talk about this a little more. I didn’t mean a literal sacrifice. Why don’t you give me the gun before somebody gets hurt?”
Tori shook her head in defiance. “No. I’m going to do this with or without your help.”
“Tori, give me the gun,” he repeated before he lunged at her. 
Tess scrambled for cover as the two wrestled for the firearm. A single shot ran out, echoing through the cavernous space and Reverend Fallsworth sank to the ground, blood soaking his shirt. No longer concerned for her own safety, Tess raced to where he lay bleeding on the floor. She dropped to her knees beside him. “I’m a nurse. Let me see.”
He moved his blood covered hand, revealing the small wound and the large amount of blood pouring out of it. Chances were the bullet had caught his liver or spleen, either way his chance of survival wasn’t good if they didn’t get him to a hospital right away. Putting on her best poker face, she tried her best to reassure the man. “Okay, hopefully it’s not too bad. We need to get pressure on it.” She looked up at Tori, who stood frozen, still holding the gun. “For God’s sake, Tori, help us,” she yelled as she stripped of her coat and scarf. She first folded the scarf and placed it over his wound. “Hold this for a minute, while I check your pulse,” she said. It wasn’t sterile, but it was the best she could do under the circumstances. Then she folded up her coat and proceeded to use it as a pillow for the man’s head. 
“He’s going to need medical care. We need to call an ambulance,” she said and shifted to look at Tori, only to find the place where she’d been standing now empty. “Tori?”
A sharp prick to the back of her neck had Tess yelping in pain. She spun completely around and found Tori standing directly behind her with a needle in her hand. Fear raced through Tess as she realized Tori had injected her with something. “What did you do?” she asked as she raised a hand to the injection site.
“I’m finishing what I started, Tess. Don’t worry, though. The amount of Propofol I gave you should knock you out so you won’t feel a thing.”
Stark terror gripped Tess by the neck and squeezed. With her life finally on the track to happiness, Tori was about to rip it right out from under her. She glanced down at the pastor who now lay on the floor with his eyes closed. He was dying right before her, and if Tori had her way, Tess would be next. She needed to get help for both of them and now. 
Tess struggled to get to her feet, only to discover her legs would no longer hold her weight. She looked around the sanctuary and her field of vision began to shift and blur. For the drug to be taking effect so quickly, Tori must have managed to hit a vein when she injected her. Devin! Tess grabbed the amulet and held on as she fell onto her side. Her eyes closed and she silently cried for all the things she’d never get to do with him. With barely a whisper, she begged one last time. “There’s still time to get us help, Tori. Please, don’t…do…this.” 
****
“Well?” Eric asked for what seemed to be the hundredth time since they’d left the house. 
Devin refrained from rolling his eyes at the impatience his buddy was showing. Nobody wanted to find Tess more than he did, but conjuring visions wasn’t an easy task anyway. Throw in some pressure and the fact he hadn’t had any kind of a real vision since the accident and it was damn near impossible. “I’m trying, but it’s not like ordering a pizza, you know. It takes the right combination of emotion and setting to make it work.”
“This isn’t the time to be bullshitting me, Devin. Tess could be in serious trouble and you’re still trying to convince me you have some magical abilities. Either you can do it or you can’t, period.”
Devin knew Eric was as worried as he was, but there wasn’t any way he was going to take that kind of crap from him. “I’m doing my best here, but without her invoking the amulet’s powers, I can’t find her as easily. Give me something to work with.”
“Like what?”
“You said her truck was still at the hospital parking lot. Let’s start there.”
Eric glanced at him then back at the road. “This better lead to something tangible or I’ll have your ass nailed to my office door.”
Now Devin did roll his eyes. “Whatever. Can we please go to the hospital?”
Eric practically flew through town, skirting traffic and blowing red lights with his blue light and siren running the entire way. White knuckled, Devin held on to anything he could get his fingers around and prayed he wouldn’t be involved in another accident. One had been quite enough. 
Eric wrangled the car into the parking lot and slid to a stop mere inches from where yellow crime scene tape now quartered off Tess’s vehicle. Already asking questions before he was completely out of the car, Eric’s voice filled the air. “Have you guys found anything yet?”
The two uniformed officers searching the truck both shook their heads and the older of the two stepped forward. “No, sir. The vehicle is unlocked, but we don’t believe she ever made it inside.”
Devin walked around the front of Eric’s cruiser and stopped. The explorer’s door stood wide open and her purse rested on the driver’s seat. The vision of Tess he’d had before flashed through his mind and he nearly gasped as he realized his precognition was correct. He raced toward Tess’s truck, sliding to a stop at the crime tape, when an officer prevented him from going any further. “I’m sorry, sir, but you need to step back.”
Eric held up a hand, signaling the young officer to back off. “It’s okay, O’Riley, he’s with me.”
Devin looked at Eric, waited for him to nod his permission then ducked under the tape and rushed to the truck. He headed up the passenger side first and walked around the front, stopping at the driver’s door. Closing his eyes, Devin placed his hand on the door handle. He sucked in a quick breath as a flood of images raced through his mind. Trying his best to pick out scene identifiers, he started to make a mental list, but it was the last scene which pushed him back into reality. His eyes flew open and he raced toward Eric. “They’re in a church.”
“A church?” Eric asked, with a touch of sarcasm in his voice. “What in the hell would they be doing in a church?”
Devin shook his head. “Damn it, I don’t know, but if we don’t find them soon, Tess is going to end up a sacrifice.”
Eric’s eyes grew wide. “What?” 
Devin nodded. “You heard me. She’s lying on a table surrounded by candles in the front of a sanctuary. She was unconscious and covered in white cloth. Tori was standing over her with some type of knife or dagger in her hand.”
“Fuck!” Eric slammed his hand against the hood. “Do you have any idea how many churches there are in Mechanicsburg?”
Devin looked up to see another man heading toward where they were standing. Eric spoke to the man and proceeded to introduce Devin to Detective Kendal. He gave Devin a quick nod then turned his attention to Eric. “I have a box here of all the stuff we found in Victoria Daniels employee locker.”
“Let me see.” Eric took the box and began rooting through the contents, setting the items on the hood of the car. 
Devin watched one item after another assemble on the box and couldn’t pick up the bible Eric sat out fast enough. As he thumbed through it, a piece of paper fell out. He dropped the bible and bent to pick up the paper. Much to his surprise, it was a flyer for the New Hope Holy Resurrection Church. He stared at the flyer as more images flooded his mind. Whatever was taking place was happening inside this church. “Eric.”
Devin shoved the flier in Eric’s face. “They’re here.”
Eric scanned the paper then looked at him. “Are you sure?”
“Positive.”
They quickly gathered up Tori’s belongings and put them back in the box. Devin was already in the passenger seat by the time Eric had stopped giving out orders and slid behind the wheel. “I dispatched uniforms to meet us there,” Eric said as he drove out of the parking lot and headed away from the hospital.
Chapter Fifteen

By the time they’d made it to the Church’s lot, Devin’s connection with Tess was gone, completely severed by some unknown factor that made Devin’s skin crawl in fear. Even if she removed the amulet, once the joining was complete the only way for their connection to be broken was for one of them to be unconscious or worse. The worse is what he feared most and he found himself wishing he could somehow give up his powers in trade for Tess’s life. That wasn’t likely considering the circumstances. He glanced over at Eric in time to see his back disappear out of the car. Quickly, Devin joined him as he popped the trunk. 
Eric ripped off his coat and slid on a protective vest. “I want you to stay here and wait for the uniformed officers,” 
“Oh, no.” Devin shook his head. “I didn’t come all this way to get benched during the last play. Besides, cops aren’t supposed to go into a dangerous situation without back up.”
Eric wrinkled his brow and yanked his glock from its protective sheathing. “Where in the hell did you hear that?”
“Only every television police drama I’ve ever watched,” Devin replied, hoping his answer didn’t sound nearly as stupid to Eric as it did in his own ears. 
Eric gave his answer a snort and shook his head. “I know I’m gonna regret this, but here.” He handed Devin a bulletproof vest, much like his own. “Put this on and stay close.”
Hugging the sides of the building for protection, they headed toward the sanctuary doors. Eric tested the door. It gave, opening toward them. Quietly, they slipped through the entrance and inched down the hallway leading to the sanctuary.
Devin’s heart nearly stopped when the altar came into view. Just as he’d envisioned, Tess lay unconscious across a table with white sheets covering her. Tori scurried around her lighting candles and mumbling prayers. 
Eric looked back at Devin and nodded toward the scene. “Is that what was in your vision?”
Devin nodded. “So what are we going to do to stop her?”
Eric searched the foyer. “I need to find a way to get around behind her. I’m sure there has to be a back way.”
Devin took a step forward and Eric grabbed him by the arm. “What are you doing?”
“I’m going to distract her while you find a way back there. Now get moving.”
For a second Eric remained fixed in place, staring at him. Then he patted Devin on the shoulder. “I was wrong about you. Watch your ass, okay, cause I’d like to have the chance to properly apologize later.”
“Done. Now go.”
He waited until Eric was out of sight then slowly entered the sanctuary. Every muscle in his body shook from fear, but he wasn’t concerned with his own safety. After all, he’d survived a bus accident that took everybody else. After cheating death once, he was ready to face it head on, if it was indeed his time.
He was half way up the aisle before Tori noticed him. She raced around the table, picked up the handgun and pointed it at Devin. “Who are you and what are you doing here?”
Devin raised his hands above his head, making sure she knew he wasn’t armed. Many a time during his career he’d toyed with the idea of acting. Now he was about to find out how good he really was. “I’m Arthur and I was hoping to speak to the priest.” 
She cocked her head to one side and looked him up and down. Devin was thankful the light was dim enough to help mask his features. The last thing he needed was for her to figure out who he really was. 
“Reverend Fallsworth isn’t available right now. You’ll have to come back another time.”
Devin slid into the pew closest to him and sat. “But I don’t really have any place to go. If you wouldn’t mind I could sleep here tonight.”
She narrowed her eyes at him as if she were sizing him up a second time. “You don’t look homeless to me?”
Quick Devin, think on your feet, man. “I’m not, exactly. My girlfriend moved to town a couple of months ago for a new job. We haven’t seen each other since she left. I figured I would surprise her, so I caught the bus and rode down here. Only I was the one who was surprised. That tramp was in bed with another man.”
“Oh, I’m so sorry.” She lowered the gun and set it on the table. “So why are you here?”
“I don’t have enough money for both a hotel room and a bus ticket which means I don’t have any place to stay and I can’t get another bus out of town until tomorrow. I was walking around for awhile, but it’s really cold outside and I could use some guidance. When I stumbled across this place, I knew God was calling to me.”
Her look softened a little more. “I’m sure he was. God calls to all of his children and when they hear his call, they’ll be saved; guaranteed to join him in the heavenly kingdom and walk beside him.”
“Are you a minister here?”
“Me?” She shook her head. “No. Like you, I’m simply one of God’s children who answered his call.”
Devin caught movement out of the corner of his eye and knew he needed to keep her talking; keep her distracted. “So, um…what are you doing with that woman?”
She tensed a little. “I’m giving her the greatest gift one could hope for and by doing so, giving the Lord my offering of a sacrifice.”
My God, the woman was completely off the deep end. His stomach churned at her words and Devin forced down the bile gathering in his throat. “A sacrifice, huh? I didn’t know people still did those things.”
“They do, but not nearly as much as they should. And with it being Easter in a few days, she’ll make the perfect offering. You know Christ was killed for our sins. The least we can do is offer ourselves back to him as sacrificial lambs. Just as Jesus rose from the grave, so too will her spirit rise.” She picked up a bowl containing what Devin could only assume was holy water and began to sprinkle it over Tess. 
When Eric’s figure came into view mere feet behind Tori, Devin slipped from the pew and slowly headed toward the altar. “I’ve never seen a sacrifice performed before. If you don’t mind, I’d like to get a closer look.” As he neared the steps, he found the pastor lying on the floor near the front pew with his eyes closed and one hand clinging to a compress over a wound.
As much as he wanted to help the man, he knew it wouldn’t them any good if he lost his focus and let Tori get the upper hand. He took another step forward, only to kick a small glass bottle at the base of his feet. Keeping his eyes fixed on Tori, he bent to pick up the container. It was a medicine bottle, like the ones used in hospitals for dispensing shots. He glanced at the wording. “Propofol? Isn’t that a sedative? Guess she isn’t going to feel anything, huh?”
“Just because she’s sacrificing herself to the Lord doesn’t mean she should suffer.”
“What about those of us who love her, Tori? Don’t you think we’ll suffer if she dies?” He stepped into the light, revealing himself to her. 
She looked up and frowned. “Wait a minute. You’re not some brokenhearted boyfriend. You’re Devin, Tess’s musician friend.”
“That’s right, and you need to step away from Tess before you hurt her.”
She shook her head. “No. You don’t understand. I’m giving her the greatest gift a friend can offer. While I stay here and continue God’s work, she’ll be walking side by side with the Lord.”
“No, Tori. All you’ll be doing is murdering an innocent person. Choosing who lives and dies isn’t your call to make. Now please, step away from Tess and we’ll get you the help you need.”
“I am not sick,” she wailed and quickly picked up the dagger. “And I have to finish what I started.”
Arms outstretched, Tori raised the dagger over her head. 
Centering himself, Devin concentrated on the dagger, using his telekinetic abilities to hold the knife above her head, preventing her from moving forward. With his arms by his side, his palms facing the ground, Devin drew on the earth’s power, channeling it. He began to chant “By the powers of Air and Fire, Earth and Sea. I bind you Tori, three times three.” 
Tori’s eyes grew wide and she fought against the invisible hands holding her in place. “I knew it,” she screamed, shaking her head. “I told Tess you were a witch, I told her she was in danger.”
Despite Tori’s ranting, Devin never wavered. Knowing Tess’s life hung in the balance left him no room for error. He continued on, concentrating on completing the spell. “I bind you Tori from doing harm. Harm against others and harm against yourself. I bind you Tori from doing harm. Harm against others and harm against yourself. I bind you Tori from doing harm. Harm against others and harm against yourself.”
With her arms locked above her head, Tori continued to scream. “No. I’m God’s servant, protected by his love. Your Satanic ways can’t harm me.”
Eric appeared from the shadows behind her, his eyes wide as he glanced from Devin to Tori and back.
Devin caught the look of shock and awe on Eric’s face. Later he would have to explain, but for now, it was time to finish the task at hand. He kept his gaze locked on her image and completed the spell. “Now, Eric!” 
Eric lurched at Tori, wrapped his arms around her waist and attempted to drag her away from Tess.”
Tori screamed and kicked out, knocking over several of the candles in the process. Fire caught the bottom of the cloth draped over Tess and immediately began to climb. Devin rushed forward, ripped the shroud from her, and attempted to stomp out the flames. Eric struggled to maintain his grip on Tori. The fire slowly consumed everything around them, scorching the carpet and leaping to the curtains. "Devin, get Tess out of here!” Eric yelled from across the room. Black smoke rapidly filled the room, making it nearly impossible to see. Somewhere between the smoke and flames, he could see Eric wrestling with Tori. Time was quickly slipping away from them and it wouldn’t be long before the billowing smoke snuffed out the remaining oxygen in the room. He raced to the altar, scooped Tess into his arms and hurried down the aisle closest to him. The thickening smoke burned his throat and filled his lungs. His strength began to wane and he wasn’t sure they were going to make it. The fact Tess remained unconscious only added to his problem. All of her tiny one hundred ten pound frame was dead weight in his arm. When he was sure he’d collapse, he found the exit and stumbled out into the night, sucking in a cold drag of fresh air through his violent coughs. He fell to his knees, his lungs burning from the smoke. Two uniformed officers rushed toward him. “Sir, let me help you with her. Are you all right,” one officer asked. 
Devin shook his head and barely managed to cough out the word ‘I’m fine’ to the men. He motioned to the door. “Eric-Detective Parker-still inside and another man.”
“Can you handle her on your own?”
Devin nodded. “Go help them. I have her.” I hope. Through everything that had taken place, Tess never stirred. That alone would be enough to make him nervous, but when he couldn’t connect psychically, Devin was once again on his feet and stumbling toward the waiting ambulance. His one comfort came from feeling her heartbeat mixing with his own. It was faint and slow, but it was still beating. Tess was the only thing left in the world that mattered to him. If she was gone… He pushed away the ominous picture as two paramedics intercepted him. Before he could say anything, one worker lifted Tess out of his arms while the other guided him to the back of the ambulance. 
“Sir, are you hurt anywhere?” the medic asked while he checked Devin’s blood pressure.
Devin shook his head and continued to cough. “I’m fine. Help her.” He pointed to Tess.
“My partner is working on her and as soon as I get you a blanket and oxygen, I’ll help him.”
With an oxygen mask covering his face, and a blanket wrapped around him against the cold, Devin stared at the two men assessing her condition. “Pupils are dilated. Breathing’s shallow and skin’s clammy to touch. Looks like some kind of drug overdose,” one said to the other.
“I agree. Too bad we don’t know what type.”
Devin ripped the mask from his face. “There was an empty vial of Propofol lying on the floor inside.”
The two men looked at each other, then tore into their equipment, quickly starting intravenous fluids and calling the hospital for more assistance. 
Devin could do little more than watch and pray she’d survive. If there’d only been something more he could have done. “She is going to be okay, isn’t she?”
The one paramedic nodded while he worked. “Hopefully, but the sooner we stabilize her and get her to the hospital the better.”
“We have two more,” a voice yelled, causing both Devin and the medics to turn and look. 
The two officers carried the man Devin had seen lying on the floor, while Eric trailed behind them. Burns covered the side of his face and arm, and he was coughing violently, but he was very much alive.
A second ambulance raced up as the men reached them. Two more medics appeared and took over the men’s care. 
Eric, also holding an oxygen mask to his face, joined him. He removed the mask. “So what was all that in there?”
Devin lowered his head for a moment, then shifted his gaze to Eric. “That, my friend, was stark terror and thousands of years of magic colliding.” He glanced down at his hands. They still shook, though he couldn’t tell if it was the situation or the cold causing it. “I’ve never used a binding spell before. I wasn’t sure it would even work.”
Eric studied him. “Is your magic the reason Tess is so in love with you?”
His question was valid and to those who didn’t know or understand the craft, it would certainly look that way. “You mean did I cast a love spell over her?” Devin shook his head. “The first thing I learned when I was old enough to start practicing the craft is never to impose your will on others. Doing so can be dangerous and have nasty repercussions.”
 With his thumb, he motioned to what was left of the church. “In there was a little different. Tori was hurting people and needed to be stopped, but under normal circumstances you aren’t supposed to mess with free will. I’ve never used magic in my band or on Tessa. So, I don’t know why she loves me so much, but I do know I love her as much if not more.” He paused, watching the paramedics continue to work on her and sent out a silent prayer to his own Gods before continuing his conversation. “I know, if I needed to, I would have given my life for her in there.”
Eric nodded. “Me too.”
Eric was earnest in his love for Tess, in that Devin was sure. But instead of feeling threatened by Eric’s affection for Tess, it comforted Devin. As far as he was concerned, love was limitless, boundless and had no rules. “So what are you going to do now?”
Eric shrugged. “I don’t really know for sure. I guess we’ll have to wait and see where things go from here.”
Devin nodded and extended a hand to shake. “Friends?”
For several seconds Eric studied his hand as if trying to decide, then his face slipped into a small smile. “Friends,” he agreed and shook Devin’s hand. It was at that moment when Devin realized there was someone missing from the puzzle. “Where’s Tori?”
The smile Eric sported immediately faded and he shook his head. “Dead.”
Devin stood and studied the burning building. Flames danced off its roof, almost taunting the firemen working to put them out. “What happened after I grabbed Tess and headed for safety?”
Eric stood and joined him. “The fire was taking over the sanctuary. It had completely engulfed the altar area where we were. I had one cuff on her, dragging her toward the door, when she broke free and started to run away. Then one of the overhead beams gave way.” Eric shook his head. “She never had a chance.”
Wide-eyed Devin looked at Eric. “She burned to death?”
Eric nodded. “I could hear her screaming and I tried to go after her, but the heat was too much.”
Devin glanced at his friend. “You know, in her mind she was doing what was right.”
Eric looked at Devin, a contemplative expression filtered through is features. “I’ve been to scenes where parents accidentally smothered their newborns after putting the infant in bed with them. And I once rolled on a call where a well-meaning niece gave her uncle a shot of insulin instead of the candy bar he needed to fight his diabetic shock.”
“Okay,” Devin said, wondering what any of that had to do with what had taken place. 
Eric’s brow creased. “You don’t get it do you?”
Devin shook his head. “Not really.”
“My point is even people with the best of intentions can end up doing harm.”
One of the paramedics tapped Devin on the shoulder. “Sir? We’re ready to transport.”
Devin glanced over his shoulder in time to see them push Tess’s stretcher into the ambulance. “Is she going to be okay?”
The medic nodded. “We think so. Now if you’ll follow me to the ambulance, we’ll be on our way.”
Devin slapped Eric on his shoulder and headed for the ambulance. “See you at the hospital?”
Eric gave his words a snort as he motioned to his burnt arm. “I’ll be there.”
****
Devin pushed open the door to Tess’s room and smiled when he spotted her sitting up in bed. With his burnt arm bandaged from wrist to elbow, Eric sat on the far corner of the mattress, with one foot propped against the radiator. 
Tess’s smile grew as Devin leaned over to give her a kiss. “So where have you been, mister?” 
“I was making some phone calls. So how are you feeling?”
She pushed herself a little straighter. “Good. They say I can probably go home tomorrow.”
“That’s great.” Devin nodded to Eric. “How’s the arm?”
“Hurts like hell. Did you get your arrangements made?”
Tess glanced between them. “What arrangements?”
“I’m flying out the day after tomorrow for New York City to do the interview, then I’m heading to California.” The smile stretching across her face disappeared and her chin drooped. 
“Oh, I see.”
The disappointment in her tone had Devin lowering to the bed. “Hey.” With one knuckle tucked beneath her chin, he lifted her face to his. “It’s not permanent, baby.”
“That’s what you said ten years ago, but it's okay. I knew in the end you wouldn’t want to leave your other life-”
He placed a finger over her lips, effectively silencing her. “Tessa, please be quiet and listen to me. I’ll be gone for two weeks, while I make the necessary arrangements to sell my house and move my things. I also have a meeting with the record company on Monday to discuss a tribute album for the band, with the proceeds going to a scholarship fund I’m establishing for underprivileged kids.”
The look in her eyes took on a hopeful glean as the weight of his words finally registered. “You’re selling your house?” 
“Yep.”
“You’re coming back here?”
“Only if you want me to come back, cause if you don’t I could stay in California.”
She reached for his collar and yanked him to her. “Of course I want you to come back you goof,” she said before kissing him softly. The feel of her luscious lips against his was more than Devin could take. Opening his mouth on a sigh, he invited her to explore. She readily took the invitation and within seconds, their tongues danced and teased around each other, tasting each other’s nectar with a renewed hunger. 
“You know if you two want to be alone, say so and I’ll leave.”
Devin pulled back and smiled at Tess before turning to look at Eric. “Sorry about that, buddy.”
Eric shook his head. “Just starting to feel like a third wheel over here.”
Tess took Eric’s hand. “Do you have any idea how important you are to me?” she glanced at Devin. “To us,” she corrected. “You could never be a third wheel”.
“Which brings us to our next subject,” Devin added.
Tess eyed him warily. “There’s more?”
He nodded. “Eric and I have discussed this and since we feel it would be in your best interest to not be alone while I’m gone, Eric has graciously volunteered to stay with you.”
Her brow creased. “I’m a big girl, Devin.”
In an attempt to stem the anger he could feel building inside her, he leaned over and kissed her nose. He was looking forward to learning all the different ways to sate her temper. “No one is arguing that fact, but I nearly lost you yesterday, baby, and I would feel better knowing Eric was there to watch you. Call me overprotective, but I can’t stand the idea of anything happening to you while I’m gone. Okay?”
Her features softened and she nodded. “If it will make you feel better, I’ll humor you.”
He grinned. “Good. I’m glad that’s settled.”
She arched a curious brow. “So you’re telling me you actually want Eric around?”
‘Want’ might not have been the word Devin would have chosen, but he did trust Eric. He shrugged. “Sure. I trust you guys not to do anything naughty while I’m gone.”
“No, we’ll wait until you get back for the naughty stuff,” Eric said, a wry grin stretched across his face.
“Actually…” Tess sank back against the pillow. . “After everything that’s happened lately, all I want is some normalcy and a little peace and quiet.”
Devin smiled down at her, his heart bursting with love. “Whatever you want, a Gará. Whatever you want.” 


Epilogue

“Earlier this year, the music industry lost a giant in the making,” the announcer motioned to the large screen behind him where the band’s symbol and name scrawled across the screen. “In February, during a blizzard in the Pennsylvania Mountains, the rock band Ascension was on their way to play two sold out nights in Philadelphia when their bus was cut off by a car. Despite a valiant effort by the driver to maintain control, the massive vehicle skidded on the ice-covered road, veered into a guardrail and tumbled down an embankment. Lost in the accident were drummer, Chase Carpenter, bass player, Kyle Moreland, rhythm guitarist Stewart Cooper and singer Travis Brighton.”
Images of each band member flashed across the screen and Tess swallowed audibly in an attempt to keep from crying. The situation was sad enough already, but she’d known every one of the men, went to school with them, laughed and partied with them, and like Devin would forever mourn their deaths. 
“While the world grieved in the days that followed, our attention also turned to a tiny hospital within the Mechanicsburg city limits. Inside its intensive care unit, the sole survivor of this horrific crash lay in critical condition, fighting for his life. Each morning for nearly a week, a daily press conference was held, updating the condition of that survivor. At first, we were left to wonder if anyone would pull through, yet, by the end of that first week it became clear the last remaining band member would emerge from the ashes of that horrible night to live on.”
Devin’s picture appeared on the screen hanging high above the stage and the announcer motioned to his image. “Despite the great personal loss and the irreversible damage inflicted to his hand in the accident, he’s here with us tonight to play one last song in honor of the band. Ladies and gentlemen, I’m thrilled to be able to present to you, Ascension’s Devin McFadden.”
The lights grew low, with only a spotlight remaining on Devin. He sat on the stool, his acoustic resting on his knee. The crowd cheered and before long, the entire audience was on their feet. Barely able to push up from her chair, Tess stood and clapped with the rest of the audience, tears running down her cheeks. Devin waved to the crowd, mouthing the word “thank you” before leaning forward to the microphone. “Thank you. Not a day goes by when I don’t think about the guys. I miss them terribly, and I’m sure they’d all be stunned by the attention their deaths have received. For us, Ascension was simply about playing the best music we could. To be honored by our peers for doing something we loved, is humbling to say the least.”
He smiled and fretted the guitar’s neck. “Because of the injury to my hand, I’ve recruited some help, and I’m honored to introduce you to guitarist Jason Southerland.”
The crowd cheered again and Devin waited until the noise died down to speak. “This is a song Travis and I were actually working on before the accident happened, and I think it sums everything up perfectly.”
Devin nodded to Jason, and started to play.
In my younger years
I was selfish never caring for anyone at all
Lived alone in a one room flat
A thousand miles from home and no one to turn to
But…
Sometimes you know when the cards are dealt
There’s a different future from what you felt
As soon as the deal for the awards show was final, Devin started working on the song. He’d recruited Jason, and under Devin’s tutelage Jason quickly honed his skills. Within a couple of months, he was playing the leads Devin couldn’t. 
Tess knew it bothered Devin that he couldn’t play the way he used to. Because of their connection, she detected his frustration every time he sat down to practice and write. Yet he never gave up, and he never complained. Instead, he continually took his knowledge and shared it with Jason, teaching and molding him into what Devin could no longer be. It wouldn’t surprise her, if someday they weren’t watching Jason and his own band playing on the same awards stage.
When they reached the chorus, Jason leaned forward and began to sign, harmonizing with Devin.
Though we know
Though we dare
Though we wish
There are no answers anywhere.
It was her hormones, Tess told herself as she dabbed at her eyes with a tissue. After all, she’d listened to them practice this song over-and-over for the last six months and it had never affected her like this. Then again, emotions hadn’t run as high as they did right now. 
She raised a hand to touch the amulet. It was hot against her skin. They were feeding off each other’s emotions; supporting, nurturing and loving each other in a way others couldn’t.
As the song ended, the lights went dark, and once again, the crowd rose to their feet, clapping and cheering. Devin handed his guitar to Jason and made his way to the podium. He accepted the award from the presenter and pivoted to face the crowd. “I want to accept this award on behalf of my friends. Thank you for not letting their deaths go by without recognition.” He looked down at Tess and smiled. “And while this marks the final chapter in the Ascension story, it represents a new chapter in my own life. I want to say a special thank you to my wonderful wife Tessa, who not only nursed me back to health, but will also no doubt humble me in November when she gives birth to our first child. I love you, sweetheart.”
Sitting in her seat, Tess looked up at him. Pride filled her heart while tears streamed down her cheeks. He’d not only declared his love for her in front of millions of people, but he’d provided a dignified end to the Ascension saga.
With one last thank you, he wheeled around and walked off stage. Several minutes later a security guard appeared by her side. He crouched in front of her chair. “Excuse me Mrs. McFadden, but I need you to come with me.”
Tess’s pulse jumped. “Why is something wrong?”
“Not at all. Mr. McFadden simply requests your presence back stage.” He offered her his arm. “Do you need help?”
She smiled. “Thank you, but I think I’ve got it.”
With a little effort, Tess lifted herself out of the seat, hooked her arm through the guards and followed him back stage.
Devin stood inside the stage door waiting. “Thank you, for your help.”
The guard nodded. “You’re welcome, Mr. McFadden.” 
Devin studied her from head to toe then smiled. “Has anybody told you tonight how absolutely ravishing you look?”
She grinned as she rubbed a hand over her ever expanding tummy. “Ravishing is a bit much don’t you think? Especially since I almost can’t see my feet anymore.”
He leaned over to kiss her, resting his hand on hers. “I love you, Tessa, and it meant everything to me for you to be sitting in the front row, cheering me on.”
“I wouldn’t have wanted to be anywhere else. I knew how important this was to you.”
“Come on.” He slid an arm around her waist and guided them toward the exit. “It’s time we get you and the little one back home.”
She stopped in her tracks. “You want to leave now? I assumed you were going to take Jason to the after party.”
Devin shook his head. “He’s too young to be going to those type of parties. I wouldn’t want to be responsible for corrupting him before he’s of age. Besides, I have a feeling he’ll be back here on his own in a few years.”
She smiled. “I think you may be right.”
“Plus,” he rubbed a hand over her belly. “November will be here before we know it and we still have a nursery to prepare.”

Excerpt
DON’T LOOK BACK

Braden Andrews was at home hanging in that space between sleep and conscious thought as he indulged in one imaginative dream on the first day of a much-needed, week-long vacation.  Beneath the sheet his hips gyrated against the mattress, creating the most delicious friction as he gripped his cock with a firm hand.  
Behind his closed eyelids a sexy-as-hell red head slowly stripped for him, revealing nothing but a buffet of deliciously creamy skin beneath.  That familiar burn began low in his belly, reminding him it wouldn’t take long until his control snapped.  He grinned, and tightened his grip a little more as in his mind she settled down between his knees.  
“What do you want me to do?” she asked, batting her long lashes at him.
“I want you to suck and swallow, he replied.
“Your wish is my command, my darling.” His fantasy woman had just slid his member between her perfectly painted lips when his cell phone rang. His new ring tone, some nauseatingly cutesy frog thing his brother had programmed into it, blared directly in his ear from the phone's perch on the nightstand by his head.
He winced and jerked upright, releasing his grip on his now deflating shaft and began fumbling for the damn phone before it could ring again. "Andrews here."
"Get your ugly ass outta bed and get down here, bro. You'll never believe the shit that's happening this morning."
"And good morning to you too, Mitch," Braden growled into the cell wishing more than anything that he could brain his brother for interrupting his much needed moment of relief. "What the hell do you want? I'm trying to sleep." Okay, so maybe that wasn’t exactly what he’d been doing, but what Mitch didn’t know… He shot an evil eye at the alarm clock. "Shit, it's only eight o'clock. This had better be good, dickhead. If you woke me up to tell me about some kid spray painting graffiti on the old water tower again, I'll…" Braden let the threat remain unspoken. He was too frustrated to come up with something more original.
"Oh, I think you'll want to hear about this, Brae." Mitch's voice cut out, then could be heard telling someone in the background that he'd be there in a second. 
Braden swung his feet off the side of the bed and swiped a hand over his prickly face. His mouth tasted like something had crawled in there and died while he'd slept, and there was a massive crick in his neck. So much for enjoying a nice peaceful morning. "I'm getting real impatient, Mitchie. Spill it." 
"Yeah, sorry about that Brae. Things are a mite busy here. Uh, so listen, when was the last time you investigated a homicide?"
Braden frowned. "What in hell are you talking about? It's too early for riddles, Mitch. Get to the damn point already."
"When was the last murder in Stony Gap? Just answer the question."
"Shit. I don't know. How long has Uncle Clive been in office…fifteen, maybe twenty years? Why? What does that have to do with any—?"
"Last night."
"Huh?"
"There was a murder here last night."
Braden was on his feet, wriggling into the uniform pants he'd discarded on the floor the night before. "You're shitting me! A murder? Here?" He reached into his closet, grabbed a clean work shirt, punched his arms through the sleeves, and buttoned it while balancing the phone between his ear and shoulder. "Mitch, if this is one of your warped jokes, I'm going to throttle you."
"It's no joke, Brae. Apparently a couple of delivery men found the woman when they showed up with a new washing machine she'd recently purchased." 
"A woman, huh? Do we have an ID on her?" One thing about small communities, everyone knew everyone else.
"Yeah, her name is Roxanne Delray. Uncle Clive says she grew up here, but moved away before she turned eighteen. He hadn't seen her in twenty years and heard through the local gossip vine that she'd only recently moved back. You know, the place out on Old Cove Road?"
Braden pulled up a mental image of the tiny, white clapboard house. It was barely big enough to be called a shack. He couldn't believe someone lived there. "I thought that place was condemned or something. It's been empty forever."
"We're still waiting on the coroner, but from the look of things, I'd say she was killed some time late last night."
Braden couldn't tell if he detected nervousness or excitement in his brother's tone, though if he had to guess, it would be the latter. Mitch was the one always itching for more excitement beyond issuing the errant speeding ticket.
"Now don't go jumping to conclusions. It's possible her death was accidental or medical."
"No and no. I'm telling you, somebody wanted this woman dead. From the looks of her, they enjoyed the kill." An evil laugh echoed through the phone line. 
Braden shook his head and stomped into his boots. "You're seriously fucked up, you know that, right?" 
"Yeah, yeah. So you and everyone else tell me. Now get your hairy ass down here, pronto. We need your help with this one. Your precious vacation can wait."
"I'm on my way." Braden flipped shut his phone, laced up his boots, and headed into the bathroom. Less than three minutes later, a minty-mouthed Braden secured his heavy-duty leather gun belt around his waist, grabbed his keys off the kitchen counter, and walked out the back door. He squinted in the bright morning sunshine. 
One of the things he'd always loved about small town living was the sense of safety he felt in being able to leave his back door unlocked. He could come and go as he pleased, without having to worry about someone robbing him blind while he was out. Somehow, that didn't seem to be a comfortable notion on this morning of murder. He locked the door behind him. 
When he pulled in behind the long line of vehicles in front of the victim's home and strode up the walk, Braden steeled himself for what he would see at the crime scene. Even in the best of circumstances, death wasn't pretty, nothing like what they showed on TV. People didn't put on makeup and pretty themselves up before the grim reaper came calling. They didn't strike poses or land in an attractive position. TV never showed the blood and gore, or how people lost control of their bodily functions and messed themselves.
Being the last man to arrive on site, he probably wouldn't be much help. Undoubtedly, the scene had already been photographed and processed to the best of the department's capabilities.
With a population of fewer than five thousand people, spread over miles of barren desert, Stony Gap was a tiny blip on the Nevada state map. It wasn't as if the town had a huge crime lab budget or CSI staff to handle a murder site. It learned to make due with what it had: a town sheriff along with four full-time deputies, two of whom were greener than grass and currently standing outside the house as if they had their thumbs up their asses. Cody Bedford, a first-year rookie with wheat-colored hair and a hooked nose burnt an odd shade of red from too much exposure to the sun, looked decidedly peaked.
"Boys." Braden nodded and continued past them toward the house. He stepped over the threshold and into the poorly lit interior. From somewhere beyond the cluttered, dark-paneled living room he could make out the sound of voices. He gave his eyes a second to adjust to the change in light before following the noise down a narrow hallway and into the back bedroom of the small house.
The first thing he saw as he walked through the doorway was his brother squatting beside the supine body of a woman he assumed was Roxanne Delray. She lay not on the king-size sleigh bed that dominated the room, but on the floor at its foot. Her naked body was arranged in a vulgar display, with the legs bent at the knees, gaping open. Her arms crossed her chest, hands cupped together over the heart in a parody of a classic burial pose. 
His hands covered in latex, Mitch collected various samples off the body with tweezers and clear adhesive lifting tape. Then he slid each into a small, carefully labeled envelope.
Clive stood behind Mitch, observing the work at hand. He glanced up as Braden entered the room. "'Bout time you got here, boy."
"Sorry," Braden murmured to his uncle as he cautiously moved forward, paying particular attention to where he stepped. He didn't want to contaminate the scene. "What've you got so far?"
Mitch looked up at him. "Coroner just left. Liver temp places time of death at somewhere between midnight and two A.M.  Lividity shows that the body hasn't been moved. Cause of death is pretty damn obvious." He pointed to the rough, tan-colored, braided rope twisted around her throat like a hangman's noose. 
Braden wrinkled his brow. "I wouldn't be so quick to jump to conclusions. It could have been staged."
"Yeah, I thought of that, but look…" Mitch waved him closer. "See here." He pointed to a ring of broken, angry red skin on her wrists. "She was bound by something. And if that isn't enough, there's this," he gently pulled up one eyelid and pointed out tiny red splotches on her eyeball. "We'll know for sure after the autopsy, but my bet is strangulation. You can't fake petechial hemorrhaging."
Mitch moved his hand away, but the eyelid stayed open. A single pupil stared accusingly at Braden, as if beseeching him to find her killer. Bile crawled up the back of his throat. 
He grimaced and rose to his feet. During the four years he'd spent in the Army and the one spent as a detective in the Las Vegas Special Victims Unit, he'd seen plenty of people die, including more women and children than he cared to remember. It never got any easier. He'd thought he was prepared for what he'd see today, but the reality of it was like a slap in the face. It'd been a long time since he'd seen firsthand proof of the sinister side of mankind. The last five years he'd spent in Stony Gap had softened the iron constitution he'd developed, and that weakness shamed him.
Mitch, on the other hand, seemed to have no problem with what he saw. Braden watched his brother finish collecting fiber evidence off the body without so much as a twinge. 
"Oh, and what do we have here?" Reaching out with his tweezers, Mitch plucked an errant hair from off the body. He held it up for inspection. "Color doesn't match the vic."
Braden moved in for a closer look. "It still has a follicular tag."
"Good for us. Bad for the killer." He tucked the hair into a bag and marked it. Then he gathered his samples and packed them away. Rising to his feet, he pulled out his cell phone and ordered his men to come in and get the body.
Braden moved out of the way, his back pressed against the far wall to give the men wide berth as they retrieved the corpse. He'd never felt more useless in his life.
****
The nauseating stench of eggs permeated the air as Cyndi staggered through her bedroom doorway and headed for the bathroom. Wrinkling her nose at the offensive aroma, she wiped the sleep from her eyes and performed the morning's ablutions with the half-hearted attitude of someone who was more of a night owl than a morning person. She really needed to talk to Lance about not frying eggs before seven A.M. 
Getting up early wasn't easy for her on the best of days, and today was far from that. Tired and cranky, she wanted nothing more than to crawl back into bed and bury herself under a mound of covers.
Today marked the last day of school in the Stony Gap school district, and the end of her first year teaching. She wasn't looking forward to it. The kids she taught were sure to be a royal pain in the ass. It was the one day of the year when they knew they could get away with murder. 
Why they couldn't teach high school in the evenings was beyond her. She was willing to bet the rowdy bunch of 17 and 18-year-old kids to whom she taught English would be more than grateful for the suggestion. They might even be willing to cut her some slack if she was the one responsible for giving the school board the idea. 
Thank God it would be a short day. She had four exams and it would be over. As soon as the bell rang at noon, the students would pour from the building, and it would be the last she would see of the kids until a new group of rambunctious teens arrived in the fall. Not that finished final exams meant her job was over. She and all the other teachers would still have grades to turn in and last minute end-of-the-year things to catch up on, but at least they would be able to do their work in peace and quiet.
Eyes still half closed, she ambled down the hall toward the kitchen. Coffee loaded with sugar was her only hope of waking up this morning. She rounded the corner in the overly cheerful yellow kitchen and spotted Lance at the stove, his back to her while he puttered with what she was sure was his trademark egg-white omelet.
Not surprisingly, he was already showered and dressed impeccably in one of his black power suits. His light blond hair brushed back from his face, shellacked into an immovable coif. Seeing him so alert and ready for the day made her want to drag him back to bed and muss him up. 
She cared about Lance, but he was almost annoyingly perfect. That was in addition to being a health fanatic. When he wasn't spending the night with her, he was up before the crack of dawn, working out at the gym on the first floor of his apartment complex. She was the exact opposite. Rarely did she perform a task more strenuous than carry an armload of books or climb a flight or two of stairs. As far as food went, give her a huge helping of caffeine and a fat-laden donut any day, and she was a happy gal. There was no way she could consider slimy looking eggs a good way to start the day. Having to smell them was bad enough. 
Her gaze drifted across the counter and she noticed that Lance, bless his heart, had a fresh pot of java ready and waiting for her. That, alone, was enough reason to forgive the stench filling her house. They could always discuss his eating habits later. 
Silently, she snuck up behind her fiancé and wrapped her arms around his trim waist. She buried her nose against his shoulder, kissed him, and breathed in a deep lungful of his delicious cologne. She never could remember the frou-frou name of the expensive designer crap he favored, but it sure did smell heavenly. "Good morning, handsome."
Lance turned his head, his attention still on his breakfast, and kissed the top of her head. "I was wondering if you were ever going to get up. I didn't wear you out last night, did I?" 
Cyndi smiled and kissed the corner of his smooth chin. Poor man, he was always hunting for a compliment. He could be so insecure about his performance between the sheets. "Might have, but you know I enjoy it. Good thing for the kids I don't have to teach anything today." 
"They should thank me for keeping you up. I'm betting you're not even fully awake until noon."
"Smart ass." Cyndi pinched his suit-covered rear and scooted over to pour her coffee. 
Half a cup of sugar later, Lance glanced over at her and laughed. "You like a little coffee with your sugar, babe?"
She topped the rest of the cup off with pure caffeine and carried it over to the breakfast nook. Once there, she plopped down at the table, held the mug up to her nose and inhaled, practically moaning at the mouth-watering scent of the syrupy confection. "You know I like it sweet."
Lance turned, hot pan in hand, and grinned at her. "Mm hmm, just like me." He slid a perfect, crescent-shaped omelet and two pieces of lightly brown toast onto his plate before joining her. 
They sat in companionable silence, Cyndi watching him methodically eat his breakfast while she sipped her brew. She loved how comfortable she felt with Lance. He was like a laid-back, well-tailored teddy bear. There wasn't any need to force conversation just for the sake of filling the silence.
"So"—he pushed away his plate—"what's on your agenda for the day? You want me to come back tonight?"
"I'd like nothing better, but I've got plans with Heather. We're going to grab a bite to eat after work and talk about the wedding. You could come by late, if you want."
Lance shook his head, his artfully styled, short blond hair not moving an inch thanks to all the styling products he used. "That's okay. I should probably bring home some work tonight anyway. I'll get that done and then we can spend the weekend together." 
Cyndi nodded. "That sounds nice. And I have about a gazillion more wedding details to run past you. We still have a lot of stuff to do. August will be here before you know it."
"We have plenty of time. There's still over two months to get everything figured out." He glanced down at his Rolex and pushed back his chair. "I have to go, babe. I'm running late." He stood and bent across the table, pressing his lips to hers. Before she had a chance to sink into the kiss, he backed off. "Have a good day at school. I'll call you tonight." 
"Love you," she called as the front door slammed shut. Well, so much for romance. The purr and rumble of Lance's beloved Lexus backing out of the driveway, shifting gears, then racing down the street, floated back to her through the open kitchen window. 
Cyndi took a quick peek at the microwave clock. Lance wasn't the only one running behind schedule. She hopped up and grabbed her empty cup and Lance's plate. After setting them in the sink, she rushed into the bedroom to get ready for work.
She arrived at school with ten minutes to spare and strode quickly down the narrow hallway before the first bell rang. Students buzzed past her on their way to class. Deciding to make use of her extra time, she hustled into the teachers' lounge for an extra shot of caffeine.
Yanking open the door, she almost ran over Ms. Potter, the fine arts instructor, as the woman barreled past her. Cyndi quickly muttered, "Excuse me," and entered the closet-sized room. Coach Kowalski, the varsity football coach, and Ivan Blackmoore, who taught the dreaded course of algebra, stood huddled on either side of the coffee pot, babbling about a summer football camp.
Cyndi tapped her foot impatiently, wishing they would move already. In the entire year she'd been working with the school's faculty and staff, not one of them had gone out of their way to be nice to her. Even after making over her life, she still managed to be a leper among her peers.
When she began teaching, she'd wondered if there was some vile odor, or an invisible sign written on her forehead, warning people to stay away. Maybe a white-trash frequency emitted through her pores, turning off others. At first, it had really bothered her, but she simply didn't care anymore. She was beyond sick of being nice to people who made a point of snubbing her.
Seemingly oblivious to her presence, she finally had to clear her throat and speak to get their attention. "Good morning, gentlemen."
Their discussion ended mid-word. Ivan jumped, his thick glasses wobbling precariously on the tip of his thin nose, his steaming coffee sloshing over the rim of his cup and spilling onto his hand. Dark splotches of brown liquid splattered over the clean surface of the white counter and dripped down the side. Ivan swiveled around to glare at her through his coke-bottle lenses while mopping up the mess with a crumpled paper towel. "Good morning, Ms. Whitmore."
Coach Kowalski nodded at her and turned back to Ivan. "Talk to ya later, Ivan." Styrofoam cup in hand, he scooted around her and exited the room.
Ivan trashed the dripping paper towels and gathered his things: a huge stack of books and a scarred leather briefcase. She watched him leave before pouring herself a to-go cup of coffee. As she added sugar, the five-minute warning bell sounded. Her class was at the other end of the hall, and she realized she'd never make it before the second bell rang. Suppose that's what she got for being greedy. She hoped the morning was not a sign of how well the rest of her day was going to go. Maybe for once she should have followed her baser instincts and stayed in bed.
****
To find out more information about me, or more of my titles check out my website at www.michellecary.com

A final request…

As you know, it’s becoming more and more difficult to find a good story to read and with little free money to purchase books, people are fearful to try new authors.  
So, if you enjoyed this book and believe it is worth sharing, I ask that you take just a few seconds to share your thoughts and opinions on the story.  Your recommendation may bring hours of reading enjoyment to others.  They’ll be grateful to you for recommending enjoyable, affordable entertainment and I’ll be most grateful for helping to spread my name to the people.

Thank you,
Michelle

