BETRAYAL

Book 3 in the George 'MAC' McClain Series
WILL DECKER



Copyright 2009 by WILL DECKER
Smashwords Edition
WILL DECKER has asserted his right under the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988 to be identified as the author of this work.
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form, or by any means, graphic, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or otherwise, or by any information storage or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of the copyright owner, as allowed under the terms and conditions under which it was purchased, or as strictly permitted by applicable copyright law, or in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.
BETRAYAL is a work of fiction. The resemblance of any characters to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental. Names, characters, places, brands, media, situations, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.
This eBook may not be re-sold or given away except with written permission from the author or as otherwise permitted through special promotions and programs.
A special thank you to everyone that has made this story possible. My beta reader, my proof reader, and to you the readers. I sincerely hope you enjoy this work of fiction.
Will



More Exciting Stories by Will Decker:

DRIVEN
UNREQUITED LOVE
FIRE BABY
HYBRID KILLERS

The 'HEÄLF' Collection:
MORTALITY REVISITED
CLONE WARS
DAY OF NIGHT
REGENERATIONS
HORSPAW

The 'Mac" Collection:
THE WITNESS
TOXIC RAIN
BETRAYAL
RECORD KEEPER
DEATH IN THE DUNES
WIT-SEC FAIL

SIMPLY PERFECT BINDING 2ND Ed.

If you enjoyed this book, please take a moment to leave a review.
Authors starve or eat based on reviews. Thanking you from the pit of my stomach,
Will

 


Table of Contents

Somewhere In SW Oregon
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
Epilogue
More by Will Decker


Somewhere in SW Oregon
"Hey Mac, it's for you!" Sam, the bartender, yells over the rising din of the dreary, unkempt bar. Soon the place will be filled with college kids blowing off steam like every other Friday night.
Situated in the always dank, moldy woods of south-western Oregon, it isn't surprising that the exterior appearance reminds one of a scene right out of the children's tale 'Hansel and Gretel'. Yet, despite the advent of electric lighting, the interior is even less inviting.
Notwithstanding its remote location and dreary atmosphere, Sammy's Hangout, so named after Sam's recent purchase of the business after the prior owner mysteriously up and left, is a busy place. Although the nearest population center from which to draw clientele is nothing more than a college campus thirty-five mile's distant, Sam's advertising and marketing skills have been working extremely well. Every weekend, the place is packed to the walls, drawing in not only the more adventuresome students and academia, but also the more timid bookworm types. So much so in fact, this once private and secluded little clearing in the woods was quickly becoming too busy for Mac's liking.
As he sits pondering the current situation, a tumbler of West Indies rum in his right hand and an almost empty fifth of the same sitting neglected near his left, Sam yells again, the payphone handset held outstretched toward him almost in a menacing fashion. "He should have had the phone number changed," Mac mumbles sourly under his breath, still undecided as to whether he is going to take the call or not.
But though he argues with himself over his next actions, in the back of his mind he knows the outcome is a foregone conclusion; he needs the work. Funds are going out a lot faster than they're coming in and it's time to stem the tide before his new benefactor figures out just what a bum he really is.
Begrudgingly, he waves his hand in defeat, indicating to Sam that he can quit his annoying tactics. Laying the handset on a small ledge next to the wall-mounted payphone, Sam hurriedly moves off to fill a waitresses order from the increasing crowds at the tables.
Taking his time, Mac draws a deep breath and pushes himself off the stool, momentarily surprised at the rubbery and uncooperative condition of his legs. Before he falls and makes a fool of himself, he reaches out and steadies himself with a shaky grasp on the bar rail. Self-consciously, he glances in the direction of a group of younger coed students. With relief, he notes that no one is taking notice of his inebriated condition. While all in the same breath, he is slightly disappointed that no one is paying any attention to him, either.
The feeling of aggravation annoys him even more when he considers the all too real possibility that the person on the other end of the line is probably one of his few remaining friends calling to invite him to their place for the upcoming holidays. Some people just have a hard time reconciling the fact that he likes his own company and is quite content being alone, even during the holidays.
"Steady there, Big Fella," comes a softly spoken command through his equally irritated and inebriated senses.
Moving slowly to ward off any chance of dizziness or vertigo, he turns toward the voice and immediately recognizes the white-haired elderly gentleman approaching while still uncoiling a thick wool scarf from around his neck. To his deepening chagrin, it's the meddling philosophy professor from the nearby college, Professor Uti. Secretly, Mac suspects the aging professor sees himself more as a psychiatrist or something along those lines. Ever since Sammy's popularity grew among the college students, the professor has been occupying a stool next to Mac's every Friday night until closing. At first, Mac was put off by his presence, even though the man was always polite in a humoring kind of way and even buying drinks on several occasions. And even tonight, though Mac had long since come to the realization that his image with regard to the coed students was never going to be flattering, he harbored a small spark of resentment with regard to the professor's intimacy toward him. Mac couldn't help but see the professor's companionship as little more than an act of pity toward him. Whereas the professor probably sees himself as befriending the down trodden, societies hapless reject!
Mac's attitude toward the annoying phone call suddenly changes to one of relief as he mumbles, "Gotta go. Important client calling."
Finding his bearings, Mac surprises even himself with the sureness of his step as he works his way along the bar toward the payphone. Several girls glance his way and then just as quickly turn up their noses and look the other way.
It isn't that Mac is a bad looking fellow. In fact, he is considered to be quite handsome, despite the slow decline of middle age and the harsh effects that his hard life is having on him. At six-foot-four, broad of shoulder, narrow of hip and a full mane of dark wavy hair accenting ruggedly chiseled features, he stands apart from most men. His physical strength and quickness of reflex can only be attributed to genetics however, since he can't remember the last time he did something in the way of taking care of himself short of bathing and shaving and that not nearly often enough.
Much to his chagrin, as well as that of his few friends, his penchant for West Indies rum is beginning to take its toll. Despite his rough, sometimes unkempt demeanor, Mac is a very vain individual. It was quite a blow to his ego when he finally came to the realization that the young coeds frequenting the bar on the weekends looked upon him as nothing more than a sloppy old drunk that would buy any young female that spoke with him a drink. And he wouldn't have come to that realization were it not for the Professor's insight into such matters. The professor was an acute observer, Mac grudgingly admitted. If he paid attention, he might actually learn a thing or two from the old man.
He is almost to the end of the bar when he inadvertently brushes up against a young woman's breast. The soft, sensuous feel of her against his arm is unmistakable. Being the consummate gentleman, Mac quickly pulls his arm away and turns toward the girl with a sheepish grin of apology blanketing his face. Hell, he'd kicked men's asses for doing less.
Unlike most of the girls in the place, this one doesn't turn her nose up at him as if looking upon an old lecher. Instead of quickly turning away as Mac expects of her, she stands her ground and smiles back at him, her demeanor almost challenging.
Momentarily taken aback by her brazen attitude, Mac's sheepish grin relaxes and he gives her a genuine smile of appreciation while instinctively sizing her up and liking what he concludes. For the briefest of moments, he contemplates the urgency of the phone call against this young woman standing only inches from him.
Then, quickly realizing the foolishness of his thoughts, he hurriedly moves on toward the phone still lying where Sam left it on the ledge. But his fingers have barely closed around the handset when he senses the firmness of her breasts pressing into his back.
Still holding the phone in his right hand, he slowly pivots around on his heel to face the girl and her firm perky breasts now pressing up against his muscular chest, every intake of her breath reaffirming their presence in his quickly clearing mind.
Holding the phone out to the side, he looks down into her eyes and is immediately lost in their deep dark depths, a sudden dizziness causing him to stumble, though his feet never moved. Everything that he was only subconsciously aware of a moment prior is reaffirmed in his first truly appraising study of her. Brazenly, he slowly looks her over, not missing any of the small details. From the slight upturn of her nose, the lightly blushed freckles high up on her proud cheeks to the straightness of her teeth, he notices all of this in the briefest of moments as she smiles beguilingly up at him.
Fitting tightly to every curve of her sensuous body is a silky blue dress, the length of which rises well above her knees revealing youthfully muscled thighs and calves. Her hair is of a reddish brown, the length indeterminate because of the styling and yet clearly short of her shoulders. Based solely on her forwardly brazen attitude, he guesses her to be of Irish descent.
Although his first impression of her is that of a mature and sensuous woman, there is something beguiling about her in a coltish sort of way. If he had to guess her age, he'd be hard put to be much more accurate than somewhere between seventeen and twenty-five.



**1**
"If this has anything to do with an initiation, young lady, I really ain't got the time," I firmly state, my tone almost admonishing.
Having read people my entire life, many times the accuracy of such readings dictating whether or not I lived to fight another day, I discern a spark of disappointment flashing across her features and I immediately regret my shortness with her.
But she is very quick to recover and faster to respond than I as she fires back under her breath, catching me off guard, "There isn't anyone on the phone."
"How would you?," I start to demand, but she quickly cuts me off.
Instead, she nods toward the door and whispers almost breathlessly into my ear, "Meet me outside in two."
Before I can protest or question her, she spins away from me and is gone as she quickly blends into the burgeoning crowd and the rising noise. Yet, before she is completely lost to my sight, I notice that her height is accentuated by the fact that she's wearing three-inch heels that are forcing her to swing her hips in a very seductive manner. Unable to look away from the spot where my eyes last saw her, I reflexively put the phone to my ear and feign a conversation with the dial tone. If I'm being played for a prank, so be it. I'll give them this one laugh on me.
Hanging up the phone, I slowly work my way back to my empty stool, which the professor has kept reserved for me. Although I don't have much time before my secret rendezvous with the mystery woman, my senses are quickly clearing of the alcohol-induced grogginess and I ask the professor for the first time, "What is your fascination with me?"
Smiling broadly at me as if to say he is surprised that it has taken me this long in our relationship to bring up the question, he calmly states, "You are a very interesting man, my friend. I suspect there is much more to you than what the eye sees. It is only my wish to discover some of that mystery and to determine what makes a man such as you tick, shall we say?"
"I don't have time tonight or I would investigate that further," I admit with all honesty, the previous effects of the rum nothing more than a fond memory now. "If you will excuse me."
"Of course," he gracefully accedes. "Yet, I don't mind telling you that I find your actions tonight very intriguing." As an afterthought, he quickly adds, "You know I'll be here till closing. Should you find your way back, I'll have Sam hold a bottle for us." He hesitates for just the briefest of moments before adding, "I believe, Mr. McClain that you are finally going to give me what I came here for."
To hide my unease at his remark, I pause for just the slightest of moments before turning back to him and flippantly remarking, "Something tells me we'll be drinking that bottle another night."
He lifts his glass in mock salute as I turn away and head toward the door, my feet steadier on the rough plank flooring than they'd been in a long time. For the first time in a long time also, I find myself gauging the room, studying the looks being cast my way with a keen eye for malicious intent. The adrenaline is beginning to flow through my veins in anticipation of something about to happen and yet, there is no real cause for my heightened awareness, my paranoia. Truth be known, I've followed many young women from bars and tonight's invitation shouldn't be sending up so many warning flags.
Yet, I cannot shake the feeling. And as a man that has survived this long by trusting his instincts, I trust them now. In an almost unconscious gesture, I reaffirm my armament, which tonight consists of nothing more than a small lock-knife. I would feel a lot more comfortable if I were carrying my 357 magnum. But I hadn't anticipated anything more dangerous than a few drinks and possibly busting up a brawl or two between testosterone pumping college lads. It isn't so much that I care about kids fighting. I really don't. I just don't want to see the place get damaged and possibly have to close for repairs. That would be unthinkable!



**2**
As I reach the door, two young coeds enter, the man stepping aside quickly and holding the door for me as his girl grins at me.
"Thanks," I nod, stepping through into the orange glow of the neon beer signs lining the covered boardwalk.
Before the door swings to, I overhear the girl whisper loudly to her escort, "He's leaving early tonight. I wonder what's going on that's so important."
It does my heart good to note that a young girl and not too bad looking either, had taken notice of my presence in here on a regular basis. Maybe I'm not so far gone yet as I think. After all, a damn good-looking woman did just invite me out to the parking lot.
But the sudden rush I'd gotten from the young girl's words is just as quickly shattered as the guy quips under his breath with a smirk, "Let's hope they haven't run out of booze."
A sharp breeze cuts across my bare face with the same impact as the young buck's words. The temperature has dropped substantially since my arrival and the breeze is carrying a hint of snow with it. Glancing around, I notice the familiar parking lot is crowded with a variety of automobiles. Some are relics and nothing more than cheap transport while others are high end luxury cars that are more than likely borrowed from unsuspecting parents. With a touch of rye, I imagine the expression on the parent's faces if they only knew what their precious little babes were up to.
But that isn't my concern. At the moment, I am more concerned with the whereabouts of one very fine looking young woman in a silky blue dress sporting 3 inch heels. I wasn't so far behind her that I should have lost track of her so quickly.
Feeling the bite of the cold night air penetrating my double-knit sweater, I'm about to turn back toward the door and return to the smoky warmth within and write the whole business off as just another joke on a middle-aged, slightly inebriated fool when a car bolts out of nowhere and screeches to a halt directly in front of me.
It's a sleek dark sedan, possibly a Lincoln Town Car. The front passenger's side window slides down and the beauty that enticed me out into the night smiles at me and nods toward the rear door, which opens simultaneously. Hesitating for only a fraction of a second, I climb into the rear seat and find myself sitting next to a distinguished looking man in a dark suit. Even in the hazy gloom of the overhead light, I can tell the suit is expensive and exquisitely tailored to his somewhat full stature, which even while seated appears to be every bit as tall as I am. And though his paunch appears large while sitting, I sense an underlying strength. His broad face and large nose put me in mind of someone that is accustomed to fighting for what he has and isn't going to let go of his spoils without an equally savage fight. It takes only a moment longer to realize this is not going to be a ménage à trois.



**3**
"George McClain," he states more than questions, extending a beefy paw.
This is not what I was expecting and I suddenly wondered why I even got into the car. Feeling my anger rise at the disappointment of being misled by the woman and not being in much of a mood to discuss business, I gruffly remark, "You have me at a disadvantage, I'm afraid. Am I supposed to know you?"
"We've never met, if that's what you're asking," he replies, unperturbed at retracting his extended hand. "But I have heard of you," he quickly adds with a knowing grin, trying to get to me through my ego.
"I can only imagine what you've heard," I drily remark. Glancing at the driver, it is easily apparent to me that he is unfamiliar with the road. The girl, meanwhile, is sitting sideways in the seat so as to keep an eye on me. She smiles at me as I look from the driver to her. Maybe there is hope for us yet, I wonder distractedly.
"Where are we going and what do you want of me?" I ask, turning my attention back to the man in the seat beside me.
"My name is irrelevant?," he starts.
Before he can go on, I interrupt him, "I wasn't asking."
Taken aback by my nonchalant attitude for a moment, he starts again, "Fair enough." Clearing his throat, he says, "This will be a strictly cash transaction. So there is no misunderstanding about terms. I will pay you up front in full. Like I was saying, I've heard a lot about you. First off, you are a man of your word. Secondly, you're currently in need of a paycheck. Before I go any further, is there anything you would care to add?"
"Sounds to me like you did your homework," I reply, taking the opportunity to smile at the lady in the front seat.
Although she smiles back as sweetly as any woman ever has to me, I can see now that our relationship or wishing thereof, is all one-sided. Turning back to face the big man as squarely as the confines of the town car will allow, I calmly inquire, "Who do you want dead?"
My statement catches him completely off guard and he stumbles to find his next words. "I'm sorry, but you have completely misread me. No one is going to die! In fact, it is just that that I hope to avoid, with your help.
For the second time since climbing into the back seat of the town car, he has my full attention. The first time, though I didn't let it show at the time, was when he said he was going to pay me in cash up front.
Ignoring the other two in the car, I focus my attention on the big man and begin studying him anew. It quickly becomes apparent that my first impressions were only half right. He is a man that worked hard for what he has, but he didn't kill anyone to reach his appointed pinnacle in life. Now, someone wants to knock him off that pinnacle and he needs my help to maintain his hold. "Can we talk now, or are we going somewhere more private?" I ask, indicating the driver and the girl.
"You'll be spending the night in the city. I hope you don't mind, but I've taken the privilege of booking a room for you at the casino. I'll give you some of the details on the drive and then we'll discuss the finer points over dinner."
Clearly, he doesn't want to open up in front of one or the other in the front seat. But which, I can't tell because neither seems put out by his comment.
"Go ahead," I remark. "I needed to get away from the sticks for awhile anyway. Too many people trying to convince me I need to spend the holidays with them."
"Excuse me?"
"Never mind, you wouldn't understand."
Shaking off my comment, he says with a smile, "I hear you like a specific type of rum. Could I interest you in a glass of West Indies?" Still smiling, he unlatches a fold-up table and lets it drop down from the back of the driver's seat. Reaching uncomfortably because of his immense size, he produces two glasses and a bottle of my favorite from the well near his feet. Puffing from the exertion, he smiles embarrassedly and adds, "I would have brought the limo, but I wanted to be less conspicuous."
While trying to read the label on the bottle, I distractedly reply, "Quite alright."
Setting the glasses on the little table, the bottle clinks gently against the rims as the sedan takes the potholes and cracked pavement in stride. Handing me a glass, he states with a smile, "A toast to our partnership."
Although his words should have raised little caution flags all up and down my senses, I am too concerned with placing the glass to my lips before a precious drop might be lost to the unappreciative upholstery.
Whether my benefactor really favors West Indies rum or just liquor in general is yet to be determined. But within a matter of silent moments, we are both more than half way to the bottom of our respective glasses.
Settling himself in to the seat as if readying for a long trip, he raises his glass in salute and states, "It's a fine beverage, Mr. McClain."
Feeling more relaxed, I quickly say, "Please, although your name isn't important to me, you can call me Mac."
"Thank you," he replies appreciatively. After a moment, he says, "It is very generous of you to drop all your other cases on such short notice."
"You appear to be a man in need," I acknowledge, not caring to admit that I didn't have any other cases. In fact, if the truth be known, I hadn't worked for some time. Oh, my friends throw me the occasional divorce case or bail skip. But nothing that really pays the bills and keeps me in the style that I've grown accustomed. That, as of late, isn't much more than an unkempt room over Sammy's Hangout. And why Sam lets me hang around without paying rent, I'll never know, though I do have my suspicions.
"Yes," he agrees, his thoughts drifting off momentarily. "But with you on board, I feel better already," he suddenly blurts, smiling over his glass at me. Even the blonde in the front seat turns and smiles at me.
For the briefest of moments, I feel as if someone is playing a cosmic joke on me and I'm the only one that doesn't get it. But the feeling quickly dissipates and seriousness returns. "I hope I don't disappoint you. But until I know what it is you expect of me, I can't be certain of anything."
"I apologize for the secrecy," he states sincerely. "Let me tell you what I can." He pauses to take a sip and smile over his glass as if sharing some secret joke with me. "Your services will be needed for up to two weeks, if everything goes as I expect it will. For your time, I am willing to pay you one hundred thousand dollars a week in cash. This will be paid to you upfront tonight so that you may have an opportunity to put it in a safe place before your commitment to me begins."
"I appreciate that," I quickly murmur, trying to hide my shock at the amount.
"If everything goes smoothly, you will only see me one more time, Mr., I mean, Mac. At that time, I will provide you with a substantial bonus for a job well done. If for any reason, you never see me again after tonight, you still have the two hundred thousand and no hard feelings between us. Are those terms acceptable to you?"
"Yes, that is very generous of you. But really, there is no need to promise a bonus for a successful outcome. You will get my best no matter," I state matter-of-factly.
"I already know that, Mac," he replies, smiling over his glass again as he takes another sip.



**4**
It quickly grows apparent that he doesn't intend on refilling our glasses when I reach the bottom of mine and make a point of holding it to my mouth so every last drop is drained. We ride on in silence for another half hour before the frequency of lights passing by the windows indicates that we are nearing civilization.
As if to confirm my thoughts, the driver states in a mortuary parlor voice, "We are almost there, Sir."
"Very good. Take us around to the rear entrance and wait for me," the man beside me orders, a slight tinge of anxiety creeping into his voice.
Not sure what to do with the empty glass, I carefully set it between my feet on the floor. My thoughts are suddenly interrupted when the beautiful blonde in the front seat suddenly blurts out animatedly, "Don't you just love all the lights?"
Looking out the side window next to the large man's head, I take note of the casino whose parking lot we are entering. It is a well-known establishment and I suddenly wonder how high up the food chain my benefactor sits. At the very least, he is a pit boss. But more likely, judging from his well-heeled appearance, he holds a seat on the board of directors.
Her question seemed addressed to all until I look forward and see her smiling back at me. Clearing my throat, I huskily remark, "Actually, I prefer the dark."
Licking her lips as though contemplating a raw steak, she responds, "Ooh, I never thought how much fun the dark could be."
During her theatrics, the large man's scrutiny of me doesn't go unnoticed.
To my immense relief, the vehicle comes to a sudden stop and I hurriedly open the door and take a deep breath of the cool night air while trying to clear the remnants of the rum from my mind. My huge benefactor and the blonde get out right behind me. "Where are you going?" I demand of her, my voice a bit curt.
"She's going with us," the large man quickly states, not leaving any room for argument as he takes the lead toward a fire door somewhat hidden from view behind the stairs leading to the upper floor balconies.
Smiling at me as if she just got away with something, she fancifully prances after the large man. Her behavior is completely out of character from that of the mature seductive blonde that approached me at Sammy's. Taking only a quick moment to glance around the parking lot and confirm that we aren't being watched, I fall in behind them. Catching the door before it closes, I turn one last time and watch as the driver puts the sedan in gear and screeches away. I can't help but feel his destination is some less conspicuous parking spot where he will be able to monitor the door for my benefactor's return.
Once we're all inside and the door has closed, the large man turns and hands me a room key. "Take her with you. It's on the fourth floor. I'll be up in a minute."
Suddenly things were looking up again. Almost jovially, I quip, "Yes Boss."
My reaction causes him to pause, almost as if reconsidering his entire plan. But without another word, he turns and heads hurriedly down the hall. Letting the girl lead the way, we follow him as far as the elevators, at which point he turns to the left and heads deeper into the heart of the building while leaving us to wait for our ride.
"He seems awful familiar with this place," I casually remark, studying her face in the brighter light of the hallway.
"He shou...," she starts, and then catches herself.
"You were going to say," I press, noticing that her beauty not only withstands the scrutiny of the fluorescent lights, but actually revels in it.
"Nothing," she quickly replies, momentarily losing her composure for the first time since meeting her.
"You were going to say he should be familiar with this place because he owns it. Weren't you?"
"That's not what I was going to say at all," she defensively argues, looking nervous.
"Look, I don't know what's going on here yet. But I'm sure that's going to be changing soon enough." I pause for a moment, taking pleasure in her discomfort. "For what it's worth, I won't mention it to your boss."
She gives me a timid nod of her head in appreciation and then the elevator opens before us. Following her in, I make a mental note to myself to investigate the ownership of this place at some point in the future. Although it's not uncommon in my line of work to perform services for very discreet clients that don't want their name being attached to me, it is uncommon for me to work for a client when I don't even know his name. And if it wasn't for the hard reality of my current financial situation, I never would have gotten into the sedan in the first place. Well, maybe I would have. There was the silky blue dress and 3 inch heels.
The elevator takes us nonstop to the fourth floor. When we emerge, I notice once again the lack of people. In fact, the hall on this floor is as deserted as that on the ground floor. A casino of this size and popularity is like a cruise ship- every floor should have a mix of customers and employs going about their business at all hours of the day and night. Whether this lack of activity is coincidence or had been preplanned is yet to be determined. Either way, I find it very unnerving.
My first thoughts when he handed me a key to a fourth floor room was that he wanted it to be inconspicuous. With at least twenty-seven floors to choose from, there couldn't be any more relevance to it than just anonymity. Yet, the fourth floor would have been a lot easier to close off from the public than say the top floor. The more I thought about it, the more I convinced myself that this was well thought out and pre-planned.
With me close on her heels, she suddenly stops and asks, "What number?"
Holding the key out, I show her while stating, "Four-twenty-one."
Spinning around, she heads off down the hall and stops before a non-descript door on the right, five down from the elevator. "Here," she says almost impatiently, waiting for me to slide the key card in the slot next to the door.
As soon as the light clicks green, she throws open the door and rushes in. Before following her, I glance up and down the hall to verify that we really are alone. Satisfied, I step across the threshold and swing the door shut behind me. To my surprise, the woman is nowhere to be seen, just a closed door off to my right.
To my left is a wet bar, straight ahead a lounge and beyond, sliding glass doors leading onto a shallow veranda overlooking a well-lit courtyard. I assume that like most casino suites, the bathroom must be connected to the bedroom and that appears to be where she went in such a hurry.
Not giving her actions another thought, I move toward the bar, determined to check out the inventory on the off chance there is something palatable. To my good fortune, it is well stocked, not the least of which is a fresh fifth of West Indies rum. Setting it on the bar, I remove two glasses from the fine display of crystal and promptly break the seal. Not waiting to see if she cares for a glass or not, I top up both. My benefactor will be here shortly and if he or she doesn't care for a glass, I'll be sure not to let it go to waste.
With glass in hand, I head toward the veranda, momentarily distracted by the lights. Although I'm not really interested in the view, my instincts and training dictate that I assess everything about my surroundings. It might become important in a hurry to know everything from where the room is situated in relation to the rest of the casino to knowing all the escape routes. This is what I do. It's who I am and why I have survived at my trade for the number of years that I have. No one catches me off guard if I can help it.
From the veranda, I circle around the rest of the suite until coming abreast of the closed door. For the briefest of moments, I debate knocking on it when it suddenly swings open and the young woman comes dashing out, no longer in sleek dress and high heels. Her garb takes me back a moment as I check out the fine curves of her hips in tight fitting denim jeans and an equally snug fitting hooded cotton sweatshirt. The high heels have been discarded for suede leather hiking boots.
At the sight of me, she abruptly pulls up, stopping only inches from me. Without the heels, the top of her head just comes to the bottom of my chin. We stand facing each other for a moment in awkward silence before I remember the drink in my hand and ask, "Would you care for a glass?"
"No, thank you," she hesitantly replies, a mixture of contempt and longing in her eyes.
Too many women have looked upon me with those same eyes for me not to realize she is looking at a man that she despises on the one hand and yet, finds physically attractive on the other. Since she doesn't know me on a personal level, I can only assume that her present feelings stem from what she has been told about me. Given a little time, I can change that. I usually do and not always in my favor.
Downing the last dregs in the glass, I casually remark, "You don't mind if I indulge myself, do you?"
As I turn toward the wet bar and the previously filled glass of rum sitting untouched there, she acidly remarks, "From what I hear, you do quite a bit of that."
Stopping in my tracks, my ego temporarily bruised by the bite of her tongue, I slowly turn back to face her. "Miss," I heatedly start, trying hard to keep my anger in check. "I don't know what I've been hired to do just yet, but I assure you, my unique abilities are not affected by a few swallows of rum."
My anger is not directed toward her, but instead, it is directed toward all the friends that keep harping on me to get help and lay off the liquor. And all the associates that suddenly shun my services for fear I've lost my edge and all the young kids back at Sammy's that look at me as if I'm some kind of fool. She just happens to be the only one in the room right now and she pushed my button.
These thoughts race through my head, and as quickly as my anger rises, I use the logic to quench it. "I'm sorry," I apologize, staring at her like a fool.
Suddenly uncomfortable beneath my gaze, she hurriedly paces toward the lounge and the overstuffed chair facing the veranda. Under her breath she mutters, "Yeah, sorry alright."
Though I suspect she is referring to me in a sarcastic manner, I choose to ignore the remark as if I didn't hear it and turn back toward the bar and the untouched glass of rum. Putting the glass to my lips, I wonder what is taking the large man so long and why he had to leave this young upstart with me. The sooner he pays me and explains my assignment, the sooner I can get away from her. Any thoughts that I'd had earlier of a romantic nature have since been quashed as I can see now that she is much closer to seventeen than twenty-five. If she is even seventeen!



**5**
While she sits in the overstuffed chair with her knees pulled up to her chin and staring silently out the sliding glass doors, I stand by the bar silently nursing my drink. If it wasn't that my benefactor promised me cash up front, I might be reconsidering my logic regarding getting into the sedan. But alas, my financial needs are currently outweighing my other options and leaving before I find out what will be required of me isn't in the cards. Moreover, 200 G's isn't something that comes along just every day. I'm not even going to think about what he wants done for that kind of money.
"I'll be in the bathroom if he gets back before I finish," I casually comment loud enough for her to hear as I stroll across the suite before swinging the bedroom door shut behind me.
True to my first suspicions, the bathroom is accessed thru the bedroom. With the drink still in my right hand, I pause momentarily as I pass the luxurious King-sized bed, noting that her sleek blue dress and undergarments are lying scattered across the spread. Although my thoughts quickly run toward what she might or might not be wearing beneath the jeans and pullover sweatshirt, I just as quickly put the thoughts out of my mind. She may have the body of a woman, but she is still a young girl and as such, of no interest to me. I like women, not girls.
So why am I still thinking of her? Could it be because my first impression of her was that she was much more mature than she turned out to be? That has to be it. I'm not thinking of the girl she turned out to be, but rather, my mind is still wrapped around the young lady that approached me in the bar.
Pushing these thoughts aside, I finish my business in the bathroom and wash my hands, the reflection of my unshaven face in the mirror catching my attention. Under the harsh lights from the vanity, I look pretty damned haggard for my age. Without thinking, I turn on the tap and fill my fists with cold water, splashing it vigorously in my face. The cold momentarily forces my throat to constrict and I involuntarily swallow.
There was a time when splashing cold water in my face would have felt invigorating, refreshing. It would have wakened me to what was going on around me. But tonight, it has little to no effect on my mental state.
On the way back thru the bedroom, I pause again at the bed. Except this time, I drop down on the edge and take the weight off my feet for a moment while I put away the last dregs of the rum I've been carrying with me. I've always been a hard drinker and a hard fighter. But now, I ask myself inwardly just where has it gotten me? I'm nearing the halfway point of my life and I have nothing to show for it. Oh, I have a small helicopter, an old motorcycle and a room over a bar in the middle of nowhere that I could be evicted from without notice since I never pay rent. But what I don't have is a life. There is no woman to look after me or to care for me and to share life's finer things with, or even life's not-so-finer things. There are also no kids, no heirs to pass on my heritage, such as it is. When I die, no one will even remember my time spent here. I wonder, what would Professor Uti think of my self-pitying mood?
"Frankly, I don't give a damn!" I mutter out loud, pushing to my feet.
The moment I open the bedroom door, I sense something different in the suite. The small hairs prickle on the back of my neck and I instinctively turn in the direction of the young girl. Or, where I thought she should be.
The chair is empty!
Moving swiftly across the suite in the direction of the lounge, my eyes are drawn to two shadowy silhouettes standing on the veranda with their backs toward me. The one on the right is the right size and shape to be the young girl and I feel myself physically relax as my pent breath softly exhales.
The one to the left is considerably taller, yet also a woman judging by the sensuous curvature of her backside. Something about her strikes me as familiar. Yet, I have no idea why that would be so.
Since the young girl doesn't appear to be in any immediate danger, though I have no idea why such a thought should even occur to me, I glance quickly around the room before approaching the veranda doors. It is only when I put my hand on the door handle and the taller woman turns around do I realize why the sense of familiarity.
"Eddy!" I breathe, the air going out of my lungs in a whoosh. If I had not been holding onto the handle of the veranda door, I would have fallen over from the shock.
Upon seeing me, her face instantly lights up and she grabs clumsily for the handle on the other side. Together, we push the glass door aside and fall into each other's embrace. For the longest of moments, everything else is forgotten.



**6**
"Oh Mac," she coos softly in the cradle of my arms. And then, without warning, she takes a step back and slaps me hard across the face with an open palm. "How dare you?" she angrily demands.
It isn't necessary for her to tell me why she just did what she did as my cheek stings with the impact. Not long after our last meeting, for no apparent reason, I quit calling her. Life seemed to wear on and in my bouts of depression, I didn't think it was fair of me to drag her along. Though if the truth be known, in her presence, I've never felt a moment of depression. Her upbeat attitude and enthusiastic nature wouldn't let such dour feelings close to us.
"I deserved that," I smile at her, wondering how I could have been such a fool to drop out of her world looking at her now. She is still the most beautiful creature I have ever laid eyes on and just looking at her causes a stirring in groin.
"Damn you," she cries out. And then as suddenly as her anger flared, so does her passion. Grabbing my jacket by the collar and pulling my face close to hers, our lips come together with brutal force.
We kiss long and hard, our tongues exploring the depths of our passion as if for the first time. When we finally step back from each other, I look past her at the young girl standing on the veranda watching us with interest and a mixture of unfamiliar emotions.
But I see the girl for only a moment before Eddy moves her hands to my cheeks and looks deep into my eyes. "Why? Why did you not stay in touch? Even your friends are worried about you. I don't like it Mac."
"I'm sorry for that," I lamely remark. "It sounds like you've been in touch with Larry," I reply, a bit curt. I've never been one to advertise my problems, even among friends and I didn't like that they were discussing me behind my back.
On the other hand, this means she probably knows everything that is going on in my life and judging by her reaction to seeing me, she still cares.
Before I can delve deeper into this train of thought, however, a multitude of questions spring to the forefront of my mind. The foremost of which is, "What are you doing here?"
"I could ask the same of you," she retorts, giving me a quizzical look. "But I think I already know," she slowly adds, glancing in the direction of the girl that is still watching us from the veranda, her expression of confusion turning to one of disgust as she scrunches up her face in distaste.
"If you know what I'm doing here, you've got a leg up on me, because even my benefactor hasn't taken the time to explain what I'm doing here yet," I remark a bit irritably.
"I just spoke with him a moment ago on my cell. He instructed me to come to this room and wait. He said that he would be here shortly with my payment in full and explain everything at that time," she says a bit uncertainly.
"He better have some good explanations is all I have to say," I forcefully concur.
"He'll tell you what he can," the young girl pipes up as she walks past us and back into the suite.
We both turn as one and look at the young girl, her expression now smug. It seems like every time I look at her she grows younger. But I realize that isn't the case. She was a young girl in her mid to late teens the first time I laid eyes on her. It just so happened that my eyes were more interested in the wrong parts of her anatomy to notice her chronological age at the time.
But that time is past and now Eddy is here. "Can I fix you a drink?" I inquire, nodding toward the wetbar.
She hesitates for only the briefest of moments, a flicker of uncertainty passing behind her eyes before replying with an uneasy smile, "Yes, same as you. Thanks."
Handing her a glass of rum, I smile over the rim of my own glass as I put it to my lips. She accepts the proffered glass, but doesn't immediately drink. Instead, she watches me closely as I savor the smooth burn of the rum sliding down my throat. It's clearly evident to me that she wants to say something, but doesn't know where to begin.
Uncertain if I should make it easy for her to voice what I almost certainly know she is going to say, I hesitate a moment while studying her closely. She is even more beautiful than I remembered. Without letting it show, I silently chastise myself for doing exactly what she just accused me of doing. Yet, I will never tell her why I dropped out of her world. To do so would only trigger an argument. Even if she understood the reasoning behind my decision to put space between us and discovered that she secretly agreed with me, she would never let herself openly admit it. To do so would only alienate us further than I've already done on my own.
Although it seems longer, the moment of silence barely lasts the length of my sip, when the young girl haughtily remarks, "Why didn't you offer me a drink?"
She is moving quickly toward the wetbar as if to fix her own when my benefactor suddenly swings open the door and hurries into the suite, pushing the door shut with more force than necessary. It bangs loudly, stopping the girl in her tracks.
"That's far enough, Miss!" he bellows, instantly recognizing the scenario playing out before him.
As if one, we all freeze, surprised by his sudden appearance. Turning to face the large man, the girl is the first to speak, "What? I was just getting some tonic water."
"You don't need any tonic water," he gruffly replies. "I never should have let you go into that bar alone. I don't know what I was thinking," he adds, admonishing himself.
While Eddy looks puzzled by his remarks, I understand immediately that he is referring to Sammy's Hangout. All doubts of her true age are vanquished as I realize now that she was playing a game with me in Sammy's. Her seductive actions were nothing more than a joke at my expense. In fact, looking at her anew, I can see now that she is even younger than the college crowd that frequents Sammy's Hangout.
A defensive speech for acting toward her the way I did wells up in the forefront of my thoughts. Using physical force, I drive it back, realizing that I am only trying to assuage the knot in my stomach before the bile can rise in my gorge. Just the thought of what I felt when I first laid eyes on the girl makes me sick to my stomach.
"Are you okay?" Eddy asks. "You don't look so well."
"I think I need a refill," I hurriedly stutter, moving past the big man that is eyeing me suspiciously as if reading my thoughts.
"Go easy on that stuff," he advises. "You'll be starting work soon," he adds with a hint of concern in his voice.
After pouring just a small shot, I toss it back and take a deep breath. "I'll be fine," I gruffly remark, turning back to face the others. Steadying myself, I meet the big guy's stare and ask, "Are you ready to tell us what's going on?"
"Quite," he states matter-of-factly, all concern of a moment earlier gone. "The table," he says, with a wave of his hand toward the table in the lounge area.
With a loud thud, he sets the briefcase down on the exquisite hardwood top and then flips it on its back and turns the combination locks until the lid lifts up revealing the contents within. As if a large weight has been removed from his shoulders, he drops heavily into the overstuffed chair behind him as his eyes remain on the contents of the case.
"That's more than two-hundred G's," I remark, eyeing the stacks of hundred-dollar bills still in their bank sleeves.
"It's both yours and Miss Lotto's," he states evenly. "Two hundred each," he adds in a monotone. "You can take it now and return here by six this coming evening or I can put it in the house safe with a slip that only either of you can retrieve it. That is, if you trust me that much."
Eddy throws me a quick glance indicating that she doesn't have a problem leaving the money in the house safe if I don't. "The house safe will be fine. After you tell us what you expect of us, we'll take it down together," I casually reply.
"Fine," he states, taking a deep breath as if to build the courage for what he has to tell us. "I'll tell you as much as I can. But the long and short of it is I need the two of you to protect my daughter, Kelly."
"I don't need protecting," the girl argues from where she is standing by the wetbar, a bottle of tonic water held in her left hand. Before he can respond to her statement, she continues on, her voice rising in pitch. "Why can't I just go and stay with Marianne or Aunt Betty? Or better yet, why can't you just send me on a cruise around the world? Oh, wait a minute, I have an even better idea. How about sending me to Europe? I could lay low in Paris forever," she almost screams.
"Kelly, sit down," he calmly commands in a fatherly voice that sounds tired. "We don't have time for your theatrics. This is serious."
Pouting like the child that she is, she skulks over to the farthest seat from us and drops into it, purposely turning her attention outward to the lights beyond the veranda while feigning to ignore us.
"Okay, you've met my daughter and you understand why I've brought you here," he starts. Reaching into his jacket side pocket, he retrieves two credit cards and another roll of bills. The latter appear worn and dog-eared, not fresh like those in the briefcase. "Here," he says, handing me the cards and cash. "The credit cards have no limit and can't be traced back to me. You should be able to use them anonymously. But if they're compromised, you'll have enough cash to last until I can work out other arrangements."
"I've been around enough to know that strangers don't pay out this kind of money for a simple babysitting job. There's obviously some serious shit going on. Can you give us a heads up so we know what we're up against?" I casually inquire of him, knowing full well that no matter what he tells us, Eddy and I will devise a plan of action and stick to it to the end.
"Like I said earlier, I can't give you all the details. But suffice it to say, my daughter's life is in danger and I expect the two of you to keep her safe." He takes a deep breath, the rum remaining in his glass of more interest to me than it is to him. "The people that would do my daughter harm would only be doing so to get at me. Her mother passed away when she was only three. I don't believe she has any recollection of her. She has been in private schools or with nannies her entire life." He hesitates a long moment before continuing, his gaze steady on the girl, "And as you've already noticed, she is very headstrong."
"In other words, she doesn't take orders well," I voice for no reason other than to get him back on track with regards to the people that would want to hurt her. "These people that have you concerned, what can you tell us about them, besides the fact that their spineless cowards?" I slur derogatorily.
"I'm sorry if I gave you the impression that they will go after my daughter only because they are afraid to come straight at me. That isn't the case at all. They will be coming straight at me." He pauses, this time picking up the glass of rum and seeing it off in one final swallow.
"Would you care for another?" I ask, looking for a reason to return to the wetbar.
Seeing through my ploy, he simply states, "No, thanks, I'll be fine."
Eddy rises from her place at the table and slowly moves in the direction of the girl, almost as if sensing her presence isn't necessary. Whatever the big man tells me, we will be discussing in detail later. Right now it seems more important that she form a bond with the girl, even if it's tenuous at best.
Moreover, it didn't take a genius to figure out why the big man hired her to work with me. Not only is he concerned for his daughter's wellbeing from evil men, he was also concerned about her wellbeing with me. He doesn't know me half as well as he thinks he does, but that's another matter of no import at the moment.
"The gist of my situation is that I was used unwittingly by a trusted friend and employ that was secretly in cahoots with the drug cartel from south of the border." Shaking his head as if in disbelief of his own words, he slowly continues, "I was so naïve. I didn't even know what was going on right beneath my own nose until the DEA knocked on my door with a warrant. Now, unfortunately, the only way out of this mess is to cooperate with them. And even then there is no guarantee that my life will be kept safe or that I'll still own this casino after all the chips have been played."
"And if you don't cooperate, they charge you with conspiracy," I state matter-of-factly before asking, "The driver that brought us here, he's a United States Marshal?"
"Yes," he replies defeatedly, his voice belying the underlying strain the whole situation is having on him. "As you can understand, I can't trust anyone, not even friends that I've known most of my life. Money does things to people."
"It can bring out the worst in them," I calmly agree. "How do we stay in touch?"
"Here," he says, visibly looking more relaxed as he hands me a card from his jacket pocket. "This is the man in charge of the entire operation. He is onboard with me farming out the protection of my daughter and has agreed that he will forward any messages you get to him on to me."
Taking the card, I note the name Howard. Mentally, I make a note to place a few strategic calls later to my own contacts within the agency and find out just what kind of man he is in the organization. In my line of work, one can never be too careful.
"Thanks, but just in case you need to get a message to your daughter, post a personal ad in the Rocky Mountain News," I tell him, secreting the card into my shirt pocket. "Put it attention the lucky lottery winner. We'll contact you as soon thereafter as we can."
"Why the Rocky Mountain News?" he quizzically inquires, raising his eyebrows.
"Why not?"
Glancing over toward Eddy and Kelly, I notice they are exchanging a few words, albeit strained on the girl's part. She is physically resisting Eddy's attempt to befriend her. Yet, if anyone can break through a person's defenses, it would have to be Eddy. She has a way about her that just naturally dissolves barriers. She also has one of the hottest bodies that I've ever laid eyes on or had the pleasure of knowing intimately.



**7**
On our way down to the lobby, Eddy suddenly grabs my arm and pulls me aside. Our benefactor and his daughter were left behind in the suite. Taking advantage of our first few minutes alone, she asks, "Do you know who he is? And why did he hire the both of us? Either one of us could have done this job alone."
"It seems pretty obvious to me," I tease, flashing a rare smile. "He wants my expertise and he wants you to keep me off his daughter." Fire immediately flares in her eyes and I see that familiar set of her mouth that while cute, only happens when she is furious and beyond reason. Pulling her close before she can strike out at me, I smugly add, "What? You don't want to keep me preoccupied?"
Futilely, she tries jerking free of my hold. But instead of giving her room, I pull her tighter until our faces are a mere fraction of an inch apart. When she quits struggling, I release my grip on her forearm and let my free hand slide around to the small of her back, the briefcase held securely in my right. With my fingers, I gently massage the small of her back. The tension flows from her and her body softens against mine. "I missed you Eddy," I slowly confess. "It was wrong of me to avoid you. You deserved better than that."
"You're damned straight I deserved better than that," she retorts, her anger dissipating despite her best efforts to the contrary.
"We had something special," I gently continue. I want to tell her the truth and explain why I quit returning her calls. Instead, I simply say, "It scared me, Eddy. No one ever got as close to me as you did and frankly, I didn't know how to appreciate what we had. And I sure didn't know how to deal with it." Hesitantly, I add, "Can we go forward and put this behind us? At least until we finish this job?"
After a long moment, she tilts her head back to meet my gaze, the fiery passion that I grew to respect and admire smoldering behind the remaining hint of anger and hurt in her eyes. "It won't be easy and don't expect anything more than a working relationship. But we agreed to help him. We're both people of our words, I think," she adds with a hint of sarcasm. Lowering her gaze, she softly adds, "You hurt me, Mac. It's going to take a bit for me to learn to trust you again. You can't expect any more from me."
"I know this isn't what you want to hear, but I'm not sure you should trust me again. At least, not on that level," I honestly confess.
"You're an Ass," she hisses angrily, turning toward the door.
As if on cue, the elevator comes to a cushioned stop and the doors slide open. Without a word, she leads the way from the elevator to the receptionist desk across the well-lit lobby as the sun is trying desperately to break through the overcast of storm clouds beyond the large glass entrance off to our right. Subconsciously, I'm aware of a cold draft in her wake and I wonder if we really can work together again.



**8**
"Hi," Eddy says brightly, a warm smile lighting up her face as she addresses the young man behind the counter. "We'd like to put this in the house safe if that's alright."
Setting the briefcase on the counter for the man to see, I then just as smoothly slide it back off and let it hang in my right hand. It doesn't take words for the young man to realize that we are not just going to leave the briefcase with him, but intend on personally seeing to its secure placement in the vault. We are not a couple of rubes from out of town. We're not about to trust no one that we don't know. Of course, this excludes our present benefactor. So on that count, I stand corrected.
With an almost imperceptible nod from the desk clerk, a young black man adorned in the traditional bellhop's uniform comes running to assist. "Watch the desk for me," he instructs the junior associate while removing a set of keys from a locked drawer beneath the counter that is conveniently located out of sight of the general public.
"Yes Sir," he smilingly agrees, nodding a polite acknowledgement to Eddy and me.
It doesn't go unnoticed that his eyes linger just a moment longer on Eddy as he takes in her subtle beauty. Even faded jeans and a ragged knit shirt do little to conceal her fine features and athletic build. Dressed as she is, I wonder briefly what she was involved in when she was approached by our benefactor. And even more curious, did she sign on for the money or did she have foreknowledge that she would be working with me?
"Follow me please," says the desk clerk, coming out from behind the front desk and turning down a narrow hallway to his immediate right.
Letting Eddy go first, we fall in behind him. The narrow hallway has several doors leading off from it, all of them posted in bold print, 'Employs Only'. At the second to last door from the end on the right, he pauses to slide his pass key and opens the door. Stepping aside, he lets Eddy and I enter first before following close on our heels and securely closing the door behind him. We are in a large, well-lit room with many large safe deposit style boxes lining the far wall. To our right is another door. This one is made of heavy steel and set into a solid steel jam.
Approaching this door, our host selects a large steel key and inserts it in a standard dead-bolt style locking mechanism. Next, he selects another key and inserts it into a small slit in the door proper. Stepping back, he looks up at a one-way camera and smiles. Almost simultaneously, the locks click and the door slowly swings outward to reveal a large vault beyond. All of the walls within are lined with keyed safe deposit boxes of varying sizes, exactly as you would find in any reputable bank.
Without hesitation, our host goes directly to an appropriately sized box and inserts two keys. He turns the keys simultaneously and then swings the door aside. "You can put it in here," he says calmly.
After doing as instructed, he closes the door and turns the keys to secure it. Then he offers me one of the keys. The number stamped into it corresponds with the number on the box. "That key is also your receipt. We will open this to anyone that presents that particular key. Anyone."
"Understood," I acknowledge, passing the key to Eddy.
Back in the lobby, I ask Eddy if she would like to try her hand at a little Blackjack. "I need a shower and a change of clothes," she flatly replies. "I'll just meet you back at the room. We have a lot to discuss before starting work."
Her voice doesn't leave any room for argument, so I don't push it. Instead, I watch as she heads off down the main corridor toward the boutiques and other novelty shops, my state of emotions close to being unbalanced. When she finally disappears among the crowds of people, I slowly head in the same direction as the lure of the gaming tables and ultimately thoughts of a steady flow of rum draw me forward.
But alas, common sense takes over and I turn back, deciding instead that it might fare better for me if I just return to the room. Besides, there are a few questions I still need answers to from our benefactor.



**9**
Without knocking, I enter the room. The large man is sitting in the easy chair where we left him, a cell phone pressed to his ear while his daughter, Kelly, is sitting in another chair across the coffee table from him. There is no surprise on his face at my sudden entrance which makes me believe he knew who was coming through the door beforehand. Without a word, he simply drops the cell phone into a jacket pocket and watches me.
Hesitating at the wetbar, I resist the urge and instead continue on to the lounge and drop into the furthest chair so I can keep an eye on the door. "Did you get your business taken care of Mr. McClain?" he casually asks.
"Yes, thank you," I just as casually reply before adding, "I do have a few more questions though."
"Yes, I'm sure you do. Like I said earlier, I will tell you what I can," he replies, glancing at his daughter that is sitting silently staring at him, a hint of anger still etched into her pretty young face.
"Did Eddy know she would be working with me when she agreed to take this job?"
My question catches him off guard and he visibly flinches before answering, his daughter smirking at his reaction as she obviously found something about it humorous. "How did you know? Did she tell you?" he asks, studying me anew.
"Tell me what?" I innocently inquire.
"Ah Hell," he says with an outpouring of breath as he rises to his full height. Moving toward the wetbar, he continues, his voice gruff with emotion. "You might as well know."
"You're going to love this," Kelly smirks, unable to contain herself.
Turning toward her, I realize immediately that she isn't going to say anymore. There is distinct animosity coming from her toward her father and she is thoroughly enjoying the discomfort my question is causing him.
Looking toward the large man, I notice that he is pouring two glasses- one glass of Scotch, one glass of rum, both clean. Unable to wait on his questionable delivery of the drink that he clearly poured for me, I slowly rise and move toward him.
Handing me the glass of rum, he takes a large swallow of his Scotch and waits while I do the same. "It wasn't my idea to hire you," he finally blurts.
Confused, I quickly remind him that he came to me and not the other way around. In fact, even going so far as to send his daughter into the bar to retrieve me. "I didn't send her in," he blurts disgustedly. "She insisted on going in. Thought it would be funny to tease you into going outside with her. We didn't know what state of drunken stupor you'd be in so I had the driver keep an eye on her from the door."
Laughing from across the room, the young girl adds, "You should have seen him give me the eye, Daddy. Even before I spoke to him, he had me undressed and was ravaging my body in his mind. I swear, if the place hadn't been so crowded, he would have had me right there on the bar."
"Shut up!" he yells at her, his face turning a bright shade of red.
Feeling the fool and my own anger rising, it's suddenly important that I know why he hired me. Whose idea was it if not his? Surely, it wasn't his daughter's idea.
My anger was rising fast and I could see a red haze clouding my vision as I demanded of him, "So, tell me, who convinced you to hire me?" My knuckles were white on the glass of rum as I was ready to pummel the truth out of him if necessary.
"Your woman, Eddy," he nervously replies, aware that I'm close to getting physical while not in the least bit intimidated. He just wants to get it out in the open and over with. "She insisted that she wouldn't take the job unless I hired you. But since she made me agree that you weren't to know, she's probably going to quit now."
The air went out of me and I barely heard the last of his words. Eddy! But why? Was it possible she knew the reality of my finances? Or was it even worse than that? Did she think I was so far gone that I needed saving?
My mind whirling, my feet unsteady below me, I'm suddenly aware that he is still talking. "I offered her five-hundred big ones for the job." He pauses, a pitiful smile turning up the corners of his mouth. "You know what she told me?" Although it sounded like a direct question, he didn't wait for an answer. "She said that she had a better deal- four-hundred grand if I hired you. However, I had to make it look as if you were the primary and she was just along for backup. So much so, I had to drive clear out to that dive in the woods and feign interest in your services." He takes a large swallow, finishing the glass. "She told me it couldn't be any other way."
"She's going to kill you, daddy," his daughter squeals from across the lounge, her laughter almost uncontrollable. "I can't wait till she gets back."
Stepping away from the big man, my drink forgotten in my right hand, I approach the young girl. When I am less than two-feet from where she is sitting, I grab the collar of the pullover where the hood is connected and lift her to her feet, my actions essentially cutting off her air supply.
"How dare you!" her father shouts, lunging toward me like a large bear protecting its cub.
With the glass still held in my right hand, I swing at his head and drop him cold. The girl, struggling and grasping at the throat of the hoody, suddenly goes still with her eyes frozen on her father's limp body lying at her feet.
Slowly, I set her on her feet. For the first time in her life, she is scared, her young body quivering despite the warmth of the room. Still staring down at her father, she finally manages to rasp through tenderized vocal cords, "You killed him."
To my surprise, she drops to her knees next to her father and breaks into uncontrollable sobs. Gently, I lift her to her feet, her resistance weak. "He's going to be fine. But you and I have something to discuss before Eddy gets back. If you don't want to see your father hurt anymore than he already is, we need to come to an agreement," I firmly state, taking her face in my large hands and gazing into her eyes. "Do you understand me?"
Fearfully, she shakes her head up and down. Confident that she really does understand what I'm saying, I continue in a gentler voice, "We are not going to let on to Eddy that I know what demands she put on your father and that it was her insistence that got me this job. She is not to know that I know at any cost! Do you understand what I'm telling you? Do we have an understanding?"
"Ye, yes," she stutters, still looking fearfully at my face.
"Good," I acknowledge, letting go of her and turning toward her father. "Now give me a hand with daddy-dearest here." Rolling him over onto his back, I tell her to get me a pitcher of ice water from the wetbar and a washcloth from the bathroom.
While she fetches the items I requested, I pick up my glass and refill it with rum. Discovering what Eddy had done behind my back really hit me hard and I needed a minute to gather my wits. Was I really so pathetic Eddy thought she needed to find me a job and was willing to not only share the fee with me, but take less than was offered to sham me into working with her? Is that what I've become? A damned charity case.
Taking a large swallow, the rum hits my system with all the force of a wet firecracker. Due to years of heavy drinking, it will take more than a glass of rum to have an effect on my nervous system.
As I'm debating whether to refill the glass again or not, Kelly hurries back in from the bathroom with a dry washcloth folded tightly in her left hand. Swinging wide toward the bar, she retrieves the pitcher of ice water and then turns toward me, her eyes wet despite her best efforts to hold back the tears. For the first time in her life, she is seeing the vulnerable side of her father. No longer is he the rock that she can kick and abuse with contempt while confidant in her beliefs that he will always stand tall and love her. The new reality is quite sobering to the girl.
"How dare you!" she cries at me.
Ignoring her accusation, I casually say, "Here, give me that."
Taking the ice water and washcloth, I kneel down beside the big man and pour some of the cold water into the cloth before holding it over his face so that the runoff hits him in the eyes. Almost immediately, he starts to snort and shake his head, his hands rising reflexively as if to ward off more blows.
When he opens his eyes, his daughter leans down and hugs his face tightly. Stepping back, I casually ask him how he feels.
Lifting his head and rising to a sitting position, his first thoughts are to the welfare of his little girl as she cries over and over, "Daddy, oh daddy."
"It's all right baby," he says soothingly, brushing her hair from her face and looking into her eyes. "It's all right, I'm fine."
"Here," I offer, extending my hand to help him up.
Hesitantly, he accepts my offer and allows me to help him to his feet. For the briefest of moments, he sways as the blood rushes from his head. With his daughter holding him tightly about the middle, he steadies himself and then meets my gaze.
Before he can speak, I start, "You probably want to fire me now. But let me tell you what a big mistake that would be, especially if you're serious about your daughter's safety."
"You're nothing more than a washed up drunk!" he hisses, his anger rising. "I want you out of here just as soon as she returns. You can keep your expenses so far and return the rest of the money before you leave."
"No, that's not going to happen," I casually reply. "You hired the best in the business to protect your daughter and that's exactly what we're going to do. Furthermore, neither of you is going to tell Eddy what happened here. She is not to know that I know the circumstances under which I was brought into this." I pause for a moment, gauging his reaction to my words before adding, "Are we clear?"
He is about to protest when his daughter suddenly says in a voice so soft it's barely discernable, "We agree."
Shocked, her father takes a step back and, holding her at arm's length, asks, "Why would you agree to such a thing?" Before she can muster up anymore courage for her explanation, he continues in a commanding voice, "It doesn't matter what you want. I'm your father and I've already decided." Turning back to face me, he orders, "Get out, now!"
Calmly, I shake my head from side to side. "No, Mr. Pesaro. We made a deal and you're going to adhere to it. Your daughter is much smarter than you give her credit for. She's not sure why, but she knows that Eddy and I only have her best interests at heart and we'll do whatever it takes to keep her safe."
"How do you know my name?" he stutters, caught off balance by my knowledge of his identity.
"In case you've forgotten, I have friends that also own casinos. It's a small world, Sam," I add, using his nickname.
"I should have known you would figure it out easily enough," he concedes. "But that doesn't change the fact that your services will no longer be needed. If you don't leave this minute, I will call security and have you thrown out."
"Sir, if you want to make it look like your daughter was kidnapped, that's your business. But she's leaving here with Eddy and me, whether you like it or not. You don't have time to find another bodyguard that knows the terrain like we do. Believe me Sam, we all want the same thing here," I finish, my voice halfway between resignation and pleading. I couldn't be anymore sincere.
His resistance suddenly breaks and he sees the logic in my words. Glancing first at his daughter, whom nods her head in the affirmative, he then looks back at me and does likewise. Nodding his head up and down, he says, "Alright, we do it your way. Eddy doesn't have to know that you know."
"Thanks, daddy," his daughter says, smiling weakly up at him.
"But let me warn you right now," he continues, his voice hard as nails as his eyes meet mine. "If anything happens to my little girl, I will hunt you down and kill you. I will use every resource available to me to make sure you don't ever see another day."
"Sam, if anything happens to your little girl, I will already be dead," I reply in kind.



**10**
Sam's right eye is turning several dark shades of purple from my blow to the side of his head by the time Eddy returns at noon to find us ordering lunch from room service. She is dressed in new denim jeans, a flannel shirt, hiking boots and a loose fitting pullover to match Kelly's. Her spirit seems improved from earlier, though none of us have slept for more than thirty-six hours.
"What would you like for lunch?" Kelly asks her before anyone can speak.
"Whatever you guys are having will be fine," she quickly replies, eyeing me for a clue to what's going on. I notice that Kelly's voice doesn't have any of the prior contempt in it.
Setting down a couple of shopping bags on the floor next to the bedroom door, she looks first to the wetbar and then toward me. I throw her an inconspicuous wink, letting her know that we will talk later. "I bought you some new clothes," she says with a smile. "If you feel like a shower and shave before you change?."
"Yeah, that sounds good," I smile back, knowing that she wants some alone-time with her client. Picking up the bags as I head toward the bedroom, I laughingly call out over my shoulder, "I hope you remembered my size."
"They'll fit," she calls back with finality before the door closes.
Hanging up the phone, Kelly says to Eddy, "I hope you like hamburgers and fries with chocolate shakes."
"Sounds wonderful," Eddy smiles toward her, cringing inwardly. This is probably going to be the last meal she will be sharing with her father for a few weeks, maybe longer; it would be crass of Eddy to complain about the food, even if a casino of this magnitude probably has everything imaginable on the menu.
"Is everything still a go?" Eddy softly inquires of the big man, her instincts telling her that something changed since their last time together.
Clearing his throat before replying, he says, "Yes. Yes, everything is still a go." He hesitates only a moment and then reaching into his front trouser pocket pulls out a key attached to a nondescript fob. "Here, it fits a dark grey suburban parked just west of the rear exit we came in. I took the liberty of throwing in a few items that you might find useful, including extra clothing for my daughter."
"Thank you," Eddy replies, accepting the proffered key. "It wasn't necessary to outfit it. But thanks just the same. We'll stop and get what we need after we come up with a plan of action."
His expression tense, he continues, "It's also fueled. Under the front passenger's seat is a large first-aid kit. I'm sure you won't need it, but it's there nonetheless."
"Daddy, really!" Kelly pipes up. "We'll be just fine. It's going to be like a camping trip."
Kelly's demeanor toward her father confuses Eddy. Earlier, she was the defiant child, the rebellious teen. Now she is the concerned daughter, showing a level of maturity that Eddy would not have suspected she even possessed the night before. Afraid to question the change for fear of jinxing it, Eddy decides to roll with it in hopes it's permanent. This mature Kelly will be much easier to put up with and look after than the defiant child.
"I'm sure we won't need it either," Eddy concurs. Only then does she notice the fresh bruise on his right forehead. Concerned, she asks, "What happened to your head."
"Oh, it's nothing. I tripped going to fetch drinks and hit my head," he nervously replies, fabricating the story on the fly.
Moving to sit next to her father, Kelly adds, "Yes, he took a nasty fall. It's a wonder he didn't kill himself."
Though Eddy suspects they're fabricating a story, she lets it slide. She'll get the truth from Mac when they're alone next. Something happened in this room while she was gone and these two seem reluctant to share it with her. Whether this is Mac's doing or not, she will get the details out of him.
"Yes, it is a wonder," Eddy softly agrees, eyeing the bruise suspiciously.
Growing increasingly nervous under her scrutiny, he gets to his feet and walks toward the wetbar, asking over his shoulder, "I'm fixing. Would anyone else care for a drink?"
Aware of his concern for Mac's tendency toward overindulgence, it surprises Eddy that he is offering drinks. Whatever happened here, it had a profound effect on her benefactor.
"No, thank you. I'm fine," she replies, studying his back.
"I'm good, daddy. I've got shakes coming," Kelly quickly chimes in, though she knows her father wouldn't have fixed her a drink even if she had asked for one.
Or would he? Eddy wasn't so sure anymore. Something was clearly distracting him.



**11**
When the bedroom door swings open and I emerge all cleanly shaven and bathed with the new threads that Eddy picked out accenting my athletic build, the big man visibly jerks. "I'll take my usual," I cheerfully remark, enjoying his surprise.
Despite not having slept for more than thirty-six hours, and then I'm not sure how well that sleep was considering my constant state of inebriation, I felt good! For the first time in a long while, I was holding the cards. Thanks to Eddy and her overwhelming concern for me, I've been given another chance to prove myself and my destiny is back in my hands. What I do with my life from this point forward is entirely up to me. Yes, I really could use a drink.
Looking over the proffered glass at the man behind it, I see nothing but frustrated anger and contempt in his eyes for me. Yet, I also see a desperate man. Standing before me is a man that is used to using his hands to get what he wants. He is not afraid of anything or anyone when it comes to his own personal safety or needs. If not for the tremendous love he has for his daughter, he would be invincible. She is his weakness and he is all too well aware of that fact. And for that reason alone, he doesn't strike out at me. For the first time in his life, he needs the help of others and that can be very humbling.
"Thank you," I say with sincerity, sipping gingerly at the contents of my glass.
He is about to say something when there is a knock at the door that is quickly followed by a muffled voice, "Room service."
Holding his gaze on me for a moment longer, he suddenly turns toward the door.
"Wait," I suddenly blurt, reaching out and grabbing him by the shoulder. "Step back, I'll get it."
Eddy, used to working with me, immediately falls into the routine of protector and positions herself in front of the girl while simultaneously slipping a small thirty-two caliber revolver from her ankle holster.
"Wow," Kelly says in awe, excited, yet not frightened by Eddy's actions. "You have a gun?"
Ignoring Kelly's remark, Eddy gives me a silent nod, indicating her readiness as she holds the gun out of sight behind her back.
Stepping past Sam, I approach the door, glancing back at Eddy one last time before grasping the knob and swinging it open. Acting casually, I swiftly take in the scene; a bellhop with a white, cloth-covered serving cart. His hands are on the handle as he's ready to push the cart in. My gut reaction is that he's not posing any immediate threat. Looking past him, I further note that the hallway is empty.
"It's okay, Mac," Sam says, coming up behind me. "Come on in, Louie," he adds, addressing the bellhop. "Oh, doesn't that smell delicious?" he remarks as the tray is rolled past him. "Just leave it in the lounge, Louie. We can take it from there, thank you."
"Yes sir," Louie replies, rolling the cart up to the coffee table before turning to leave. As he walks past Sam, I notice just the slightest of head-bobs from him and immediately suspect he is not a casino employ, but another one of our government's finest checking on their charge. Further enforcing my suspicion is that Sam never even so much as offered him a tip, which any employ of the casino would have been looking for as a matter of course.
Closing the door behind him, I casually mention to Sam, "They're keeping a close eye on you. The government doesn't normally expend these types of resources on small fish. Is there anything else you would care to share with us before we depart with your daughter?"
Purposely, I keep my voice low so that Kelly can't overhear. Although she seems to have matured ten years in the last hour, she is still a child and subject to change without notice.
Hesitantly, he leads me over to the wet-bar and while keeping his voice low also, says, "We are operating on the belief that they are not aware of the fed's involvement yet. It is the government's position to use me to draw them into the snare. But if," he pauses for a moment while he reconsiders his words. "Not if, but when, they discover that I'm aware of what's going on and that I've brought in the feds, they will strike back with extreme prejudice. And we both know that their idea of vengeance is not pretty."
"Yes, the cartel is not noted for taking prisoners, unless it is to make a statement to the others they are using," I agree.
"The feds say they have a long reach, these criminals," he angrily hisses.
"Don't worry, Sam, their reach won't get to your daughter," I try to reassure him, despite knowing how little he respects me.
Turning his head so that he's looking deep into my eyes, he coolly states, "I know I told you this before, but if anything happens to my little girl, I will not rest until everyone involved has paid in spades."
It doesn't escape my attention that he is gripping his glass so tightly it is on the verge of shattering. What's more, I believe him whole-heartedly.
Glancing past him, I notice that Kelly and Eddy have the food spread out on the coffee table and have already started eating. The aroma causes my stomach to gurgle with anticipation; I can't remember the last food I've eaten. "Let's eat," I suggest, moving toward the lounge.
Turning to watch me, he slowly sets his glass on the bartop and says with finality, "I'm dead serious, Mac."
"I'm sure you are," I casually respond over my shoulder, intent on the food. "How is it?" I ask excitedly of no one in particular.
Chewing on a large bite from her burger, Eddy replies with a laugh, "Delish. I didn't know a hamburger could taste so good."
Kelly quickly chimes in, "Alfredo makes them special for me. When he knows the hamburgers are for me, he adds a pinch of special seasonings that only he and I know about." She giggles self-consciously like a little girl before adding, "It's our secret and he made me promise never to tell anyone; he says it's going to be my legacy."
"Alfredo was working here when Kelly was born. She spends a lot of time in the kitchen with him," Sam clarifies for Eddy and mine's sake.
"He's teaching me to be a chef," she says indignantly. When the only reaction around the table is one of bemusement, she defiantly adds, "Alfredo thinks I have what it takes to be a world class chef someday."
"Having tasted your cooking, my dear, Alfredo is just being kind," her father says with a smile, appearing more relaxed than he was a moment earlier.
"Daddy, do you remember the Beef Wellington you had last Wednesday evening with the ambassador from Ecuador?" Before he can answer, she continues, "He gave the chef a great compliment. In fact, he said it was the best he'd ever had. Do you remember that, daddy?"
"Yes, dear, I remember. Now, I suppose you're going to tell me you had a hand in that," he condescendingly replies.
"You've never asked me where I go or what I do Wednesday nights, but because it's the slowest night of the week, Alfredo lets me run the kitchen," she proudly explains, her food momentarily forgotten.
Instead of giving his daughter praise, he sternly remarks, "I'll have a talk with Alfredo when this business is done with. My daughter is not going to be working in kitchens her whole life, no matter how well she can cook."
Eddy and I sit in silence during this exchange, leaving the father-daughter to work out their problems alone without our meddling. In my opinion, there are worse things in life than being a chef in a fine restaurant if that is your calling. But on the other hand, I somewhat understand where her father is coming from. At the moment, he is feeling a pang of jealousy from the fact that his daughter has a paternal relationship with one of his employs. Not having a mother, there was a distinct void in her life and someone else took the time to fill it. He is probably kicking himself and realizing at the same time that it's too late to go back and make changes.
However, it's not too late to go forward and how he treats her now is setting the groundwork for their future together. If he isn't careful, he might alienate her.
Biting into the special burger, I am also surprised at the exquisite flavor. "You're right, Eddy, this is delicious. I've never tasted such a fine hamburger in my entire life."
"So, she can make a good hamburger, that doesn't prove anything," her father grumbles, taking his first bite.
Ignoring her father's remark, Kelly smiles happily and says, "Thank you. Maybe I can cook for us while we're hiding out."
Her remark is geared toward the upcoming time we will be spending together and the words have an immediate effect on her father, reminding him of the dangerous situation they are in. "I'm sorry, Kelly," he gently apologizes. "This is a great hamburger. In fact, would you mind if I ask Alfredo to fix these for me also while you are gone. It will make me feel close to you."
"Oh daddy," she says, getting to her feet and coming around to throw her arms around his massive neck.
"We'll discuss your future further when you get back," he says gruffly, fighting back his emotions.
"I knew you'd agree," she says excitedly, pressing her face into the back of his head.
Clearing his throat, he quickly reiterates, "I haven't agreed to anything, just that we will discuss it when you get back."
Confident that she is getting her way, she placatingly says, "I know, daddy, I know."
Wiping my mouth with the supplied linen napkins, I rise to my feet and excuse myself to the bedroom. With the door closed, I retrieve the weapon that Eddy had secreted into the bag of clothing for me along with the spare ammo. It's a smallish thirty-two caliber automatic that almost disappears into the palm of my hand. Her reasoning for the weapon was so that we could share ammo until we got the opportunity to properly outfit ourselves. With a practiced ease, I slip the weapon into my back pant pocket and dump the loose ammo into my jacket pocket. Although I like the idea of carrying a weapon, I am equally proficient with my hands and feet. In a pinch, I've taken out five armed men using only my god-given appendages and quick reflexes. And despite what Eddy and my friends think, rum hasn't taken the edge off, it just lets me relax.
If it wasn't for the calming effects of the rum, I would be too wound up to function as a normal human being. But I don't expect them to understand. They don't carry the weight of the world on their shoulders.
Heading back into the suite, the dark leather jacket hanging loosely over my right shoulder, I suggest we get going.
"Where are you going from here," Sam apprehensively inquires.
"Sorry sir, but that's confidential," I casually reply, watching Eddy closely as she gracefully rises from her chair and stretches languorously.
Rising stiffly, Sam embraces his daughter, letting the moment linger while Eddy and I move toward the door. When we are close, she slips me a car key while saying softly, "Grey suburban west of the rear exit. It should be fueled. We'll check it for bugs once we get out on the highway and then change directions."
Smiling back at her, I nod approvingly.
Kelly slowly pushes off from her father's embrace and hesitantly moves in our direction, pausing every few feet to glance back at her father. "It'll be alright, dear," he says encouragingly, urging her on while holding back an onslaught of tears through sheer determination.
"I'll miss you daddy," she says one last time before going through the door.
With Eddy leading, Kelly in the middle and me bringing up the rear, I pull the door to while throwing her father one last supportive nod.



**12**
In silence, we go down in the elevator to the main floor. Down the hall and out into the bright light of early afternoon, the sun carrying on its endless battle with the clouds and for the moment, winning. With her foot planted against the bottom of the door to insure no one can come out behind us, Eddy suggests that I fetch the ride while she and Kelly sit tight.
Though the vehicle is less than thirty feet away, I nod acknowledgement and head toward the grey suburban. Out of habit, I glance in the tinted side windows, verifying that no one is lurking within. Then I suddenly drop to me hands as if about to do a pushup and inspect the undercarriage for anything obvious. It's a four-wheel drive with lots of ground clearance making it both easy to inspect and easy to plant something under. The vehicle has been sitting out here for several hours and there is no telling who or what might have been messing with it, even if it's been under constant surveillance.
Pushing myself back up into a standing position, I insert the key in the door lock and open the door while pondering that it didn't come with a remote locking mechanism. Immediately, I push the button to unlock all the doors and insert the key into the ignition and hit the starter.
There is no mind-shattering explosion, just a sudden firing off of the engine and I wonder if I'm being a bit over dramatic.
Ball one.
Glancing back at Eddy, I pull myself all the way into the vehicle and put my full weight down on the seat. No explosion.
Ball two.
And depress the brake.
My luck holds still again. No explosion.
Ball three.
The brakes are the easiest system to connect to an explosive device, even easier than the ignition. There is always juice to the brake light system and you have to step on the brakes to engage the transmission. More assassins use the brake system to detonate an explosive device than any other system on a vehicle.
Three balls, no strikes and the game has just begun.
Putting the vehicle in drive, I involuntarily twitch from the unexpected sound of the automatic door locks engaging. Taking a deep breath while knowing full well that we are being watched by at least Sam, I flick the unlock button on the door mounted armrest and pull over to where Eddy and Kelly are waiting in the shadow just outside the door.
"What was that all about?" Kelly asks as she climbs onto the bench seat behind the passenger and Eddy climbs in front.
"Just not taking any chances," I calmly reply, looking the parking lot over for anything not quite right and then accelerating at a good clip across the parking lot in the direction of the nearest exit leading out to the highway.
"Go straight," Eddy says as we reach the main highway.
"That just leads to those businesses across the highway," I argue, questioning her choice. "It's a restaurant and a small convenience store. We'll have to come back out this way to get back on the highway whether we go north or south from here." As an afterthought, I ask, "Didn't you get everything you needed last night?" referring to the late night shopping she'd done.
"Trust me," she says, throwing me a smile.
"Yes, Boss," I reply, a hint of sarcasm in my voice.
Shooting through the intersection, I put on my left turn signal with the assumption that she intends on going to the convenience store. There isn't any logic in going to the restaurant, since we just ate.
"Hang a right," she says quickly before I can commit to the turn.
Understanding immediately blooms. If anyone intended on following us, they would have expected precisely what I was intending on doing, using the highway to go north or south. No one would have expected us to head up into the hills west of the interstate, including me.
"Do you have any idea where this road comes out?" I ask, thinking the worst. Most of these back-hill roads go on for miles only to dead end in some abandoned logging operation. If that turns out to be the case with this one, we'll be forced to come back this way eventually and not have accomplished anything. Furthermore, if that turns out to be the case, there's no telling what kind of reception we'll come back to.
"If we don't get lost, eventually we can get all the way highway 101," she confidently remarks, reaching into her back pocket. "I picked up a couple of these county maps last night so I could study our options. They detail all the roads running through these hills. This one in particular," she says with a smirk while proudly holding up the folded map, "happens to cover this county. Every road and trail in the county is on this map. Some might require 4-wheel drive, but as long as we make the right choices, we will eventually get back to the coast. But it also shows a multitude of lesser traveled logging roads branching off from it that will give us a chance to disappear for a while so we can plan our next move."
"I've used those maps before, Eddy. They're not the most reliable when it comes to placement of the roads or current conditions," I condescendingly remark, jealous of the fact that she had the forethought to even think of this option when all I could think about was the rum at the wetbar. Maybe I was slipping after all.
"Not to worry," she confidently replies, smiling mischievously. "That's why we have four-wheel drive."
"Always the optimist," I grumble softly, hiding the swell of pride I'm feeling toward her when I suddenly jerk the wheel hard left to avoid a crater of a pothole.



**13**
The pavement ended shortly after leaving civilization and the last house behind. Scotch Broom became the main vegetation, growing so thick in some places it stretched almost clear across the narrow dirt trail passing itself off as a road. Every turn and switchback became an obstacle as it severely restricted our range of vision to little more than the area directly in front of the vehicle.
When the road eventually grows too narrow to pass oncoming traffic, which to this point has been none, I suggest to Eddy that we find some place to pull over long enough to search the vehicle more thoroughly. "I'd also like to see what we have for cargo behind the seats," I add, glancing across at her.
Misreading my thoughts, she acidly remarks, "I'm sure our benefactor remembered to include a bottle of rum for you in the equipment that he provided."
Although the comment hurts, I refrain from retaliating. If I were in her seat, I would have entertained the same conclusion about my wanting to stop. Instead, I play along with her read of me, "I can only hope."
Her face belying her disappointment in me, she concentrates on the road ahead. "Up there," she suddenly says while pointing toward a copse of green on the right hand side of the road with a shadowy break in it. "Stop and I'll get out and check it before you drive in. There's a deep drop running along this side of the road and we don't need to get stuck this close in."
No sooner have the wheels come to a stop then Eddy jumps out, almost running toward the dark break in the green foliage in her desperation to get away from me. Although her actions cut deeply into my being, I console myself with the idea that she is better off without me anyway.
Moving with grace and agility, she quickly disappears into the dense brush, only to reappear moments later waving me forward. Pulling forward, I stop abreast of her and give her a wink while asking in my most gentlemanly voice if she would care for a ride. Ignoring my flirtatious remark, she simply says, "It only goes in about thirty-feet before it abruptly stops. There isn't even room enough to turn around," and then steps clear of the vehicle, indicating for me to proceed.
In the rearview mirror, I catch a glimpse of her kicking dirt over our tracks. Kelly, watching me watch Eddy, remarks with a smirk, "You love her, don't you?"
Sounding gruffer than I intend, I reply that she is only a kid and shouldn't know about such things and then adding, "Besides, it's none of your business."
"Yeah, whatever," she smirks, opening the door and jumping out before she breaks out laughing.
Watching her for a moment, I am surprised by her insight. For a kid, she really notices things.
Before exiting the vehicle, I pull the hood latch and press the button to open the rear window. For the moment at least, there is very little chance that anyone knows where we are unless we have a hidden lojack transmitter on the vehicle. And more than likely, considering the players that we're dealing with, it will surprise me if we don't find one. Thanks to Eddy thinking ahead and picking up the county maps, if anyone was planning on following us from the casino, they are probably still trying to find vehicles capable of these back roads and not sedans.
As Eddy walks up behind the suburban, she says, "I'll check the supplies while you check the vehicle for bugs."
"Sounds good," I agree, heading around to the engine compartment. "Don't wander off, Kelly. We're not going to be here any longer than necessary," I advise, watching her head toward the woods.
"I'll be right back," she quips over her shoulder.
"I'm serious!"
Turning around and giving me an exasperated look, she says determinedly, "I gotta go!"
Realizing what she means, I sheepishly nod my head and turn back to the engine compartment. To my surprise, Eddy suddenly steps past me heading in the same direction as Kelly. Her words carry softly to me, "I'll keep an eye on her."
"Thanks," I acknowledge, my gaze lingering on the fit of her jeans as she high-steps through the tall grass toward the woods. Already, Kelly is lost in the shadows of the thicker growth.
Clearing the engine compartment, I get down on the ground and slide under the vehicle, thankful for the high ground clearance. Only when I reach the rear and am feeling with my hands up next to the fuel tank, do I discover a small transmitter. It is tucked up out of the way and not where someone in a hurry would think to place it. Whoever planted it knew what the hell they were doing.
Although I can touch it, I end up leaving it for the moment since my arms are too thick to slide in past the frame and tank and go in search of an interior bug. Logic dictates that if they took the time to plant one in such an inconspicuous place there is going to be another.
Working slowly through the interior with my hands searching up beneath the dash and behind the body panels, I come up with nothing. And this only makes me more nervous, since I am confident there has to be at least one more.
Pilfering through the tool box, I come up with a half-inch ratchet extension the same length as the tool box. Taking it and a hammer, I crawl back under the vehicle. Placing the square end against the bug, I give the other end a vicious blow with the hammer, contenting myself that the bug is dysfunctional when it falls down in a multitude of little pieces of plastic held together with fine wire. Now I just have to find the other or others.
Scratching my head, I come up with an idea. A trick that I once used when hiding tracking devices was to place them in the vicinity of the radio antenna. Although many technicians aren't aware of this little tidbit, the radio antenna greatly increases the tiny transmitters range through osmosis or some such technical term.
Sliding into the foot-well on the passenger's side, I forcefully pull back the plastic cowling beneath the dash, busting it clean off and exposing a multitude of wires. Among the wires exposed is the antenna lead. Pulling it hard enough to bring it forward without damaging it, since we don't want to be without a radio, I trace it first to the antenna base and then back to the radio.
Going toward the radio requires removing more of the plastic fascia, which I again do without finesse and then discard the busted pieces in the tall grass.
"Bingo!" I spout aloud, discovering the little transmitter literally glued to the rear of the radio above the antenna jack.
"That's not amateur," Eddy says from outside the door, startling me.
Standing next to her is Kelly. "Did you girls have a nice stroll?" I sarcastically inquire.
"Wonderful," Kelly says, turning toward the rear of the suburban and acting entirely disinterested in my find.
"How many?" Eddy asks, reaching in and pulling the bug loose.
"Two."
"Was the other this well concealed?"
"Yeah, it was up between the fuel tank straps and the frame. I couldn't reach it by hand so I smashed it in place," I fill her in. "You can have the pleasure," I offer, indicating the bug in her hand.
"Maybe we can put this to use instead of destroying it," she says with a mischievous smile.
"Look around Eddy, it's not like we can just put it on someone else's car and watch it go down the road. And we can't afford to carry it with us till the opportunity arises," I argue, secretly wishing there was some way we could use it to set a false trail.
"Let me think on it," she wistfully answers.
"You can think on it, but it doesn't leave here with us."
"Fair enough," she agrees.
"What did you find for supplies?" I ask, changing the subject.
"A change of clothes for each of us, warm parkas, almost two-week's of MRE's and down-filled sleeping bags plus extra blankets," she rattles off.
"That's it?" I ask, my voice betraying my disappointment.
"Oh, I almost forgot," she grins, reaching into the front pouch of her pullover, "A couple of these."
In her right hand is a nine-millimeter auto; a definite improvement over the thirty-two's. They may not have the range or knock-down of my three-fifty-seven, but they'll do for now.
"I also found another box of thirty-two ammo and two boxes of nine millimeters," she adds.
When my face only marginally brightens, her spirit wanes. Revealing her sudden lack of enthusiasm, she adds, "Your nine is in the back with a bottle of West Indies and a military style survival knife. I'll bring it to you."
Before I can remark, she turns and retreats to the rear of the suburban where she bounces up and takes a seat on the tailgate next to Kelly. "How are you holding up?" she asks Kelly, her voice kind.
"I'll be fine," Kelly softly replies. "I'm worried about my dad, though," she adds with genuine concern.
"Your dad will be just fine," Eddy consoles. "He puts me in mind of a man that can take care of himself."
"I feel so guilty," she goes on, her eyes on the ground beyond their feet.
"You have nothing to feel guilty about, Kelly," Eddy says softly, putting an arm around her shoulder.
"You didn't see how I used to treat him," she blurts, continuing to look down at the grass under the tailgate. "I blamed him for everything, even though I knew in my heart he was trying to do his best for me. It wasn't his fault that Momma died."
"No, it wasn't," Eddy agrees. "But don't be so hard on yourself. All young girls push their father's patience. That's what we do," she adds with a laugh.
"When I saw him lying there on the floor it was the first time in my life that I realized just how vulnerable he really is," she says, her voice on the verge of cracking. "He was willing to give his life for me. I'd never seen that side of him before."
"What happened?" Eddy asks, her voice suddenly serious as she studies the girl with renewed interest.
Realizing that Kelly was unwittingly talking herself into a situation that might end up with Eddy knowing more than I want her to yet. Spinning out of the seat, I hurry around to the back and plant myself facing them on the tailgate. "You got something for me?" I ask Eddy, interrupting Kelly as she is about to say something more. "We need to get a move on if you two are about finished with your girly chat," I add with an innocent smile.
While Kelly slips into the rear seat on the driver's side, Eddy hands me the weapon and a spare clip with fresh brass shining in it. The gun is in a shoulder holster, which I quickly slip into. The knife is in a belt sheath and I slip that on my pant belt, adjusting it to ride over my left hip for right hand use. Although I'm ambidextrous, I instinctively use my right unless I'm training or desperate.
Closing the tailgate and raising the window, I'm about to ask her what she has wrapped up in the linen cloth, when we both hear gravel crunching under tires. Without having to be told, Eddy takes up a defensive position behind the open passenger's front door.
Moving past the open window on the driver's side, I softly advise Kelly to remain seated and put her seatbelt on. Reaching into the cab, I turn the key and start the engine. If we need to make a quick getaway, every second could be the difference between life and death.
Although it's not illegal to carry a weapon in the open, I subconsciously touch the shoulder holster and make a slight adjustment to assure it's out of sight and yet easily accessible. On the other side of the suburban, I notice Eddy doing the same. Sensing me studying her, she turns slightly and looks across the seat at me with just a hint of a smile turning up the corners of her mouth. In response, I wink back.
The vehicle on the road is moving slowly and approaching from the west-the direction we're headed, which would indicate it's not someone following us. But when it stops on the road, just visible through the thick overgrowth where we pulled off, the tension level between us suddenly rises. Even Kelly can sense the increasing danger in the silence.
Though it's barely visible, I can see that it's a predominately white SUV with forest green markings. Any doubts of its origin are quickly set aside when the single occupant waddles through the opening, pushing the brush aside with one hand while her other rests on her holstered automatic. Her eyes are looking down at the ground, intent on following our fresh set of tracks, while her green uniform is stretched to the breaking point. Her posture dictates that everyone and everything should automatically be intimidated by her mere presence.
"A Tree Cop", I exhale softly.
Relaxing, I put on my best face and say, "Well, hello there."
Startled by my voice and our sudden appearance, her right hand clenches involuntarily on the grip of the gun and I suddenly worry that she might shoot herself in the leg.
In my line of work, I've learned to read people on first impressions and this woman is like an open book. The chip on her shoulder is every bit as big as her ass, which has grown quite accustomed to the smooth fabric upholstery in her vehicle.
"Hello," she blurts back before reclaiming her composure. "Is everything okay here?"
"Yes, officer," Eddy replies before I have a chance to respond. "We just needed a minute to stretch our legs. We've been on the road all day and thought we might check out some of the local country. Do you know if we can get to the coast from here?"
Responding to Eddy with an air of superiority, the officer answers, "You can, but it's not the best route to take. You would be much better off going back to the highway and heading north to Winston. From there you'll find a nice blacktop. Only hunters and hikers use this road anymore."
When Eddy starts to advance toward the officer, I figure out immediately what she is up to. "So, if we continue this way," Eddy asks, playing into the officer's perception of her, "How much farther is it till we get back to civilization? I'd like to sleep in a motel with a view of the ocean tonight," she says wistfully. "Wouldn't that be nice, dear?" she adds, smiling at me.
Her voice growing deeper as she assumes the protective cop role, the officer warns us, "It's a long way to the coast from here and if you get caught on these roads after dark you're very liable to get lost. You really should go back to the highway and stick to the main roads. These hills can be very dangerous if you don't know what you're doing." As an afterthought for effect, she adds, "I hate late night calls because someone thought they knew what they were doing and now the whole county is wasting resources trying to find them."
Feigning humility, I agree. "Yes, this is our first time off the main track. But the dealer that sold me this thing swore it would go anywhere," I spout, stepping past her and moving toward the road and her SUV. "Wow," I continue excitedly. "Now that's an off road animal. I'll bet you've never gotten stuck with that."
Even the tree cop grows nervous when she finds herself between Eddy and me. The situation has gotten out of her control and she doesn't even know how it happened. Moving to keep the two of us in front of her, she steps aside and lets Eddy take the lead in catching up to me. Now she is even more nervous as she realizes that she's allowed both Eddy and me to get between her and her vehicle which is also her safe place.
"Check this out, honey," I babble, moving around to the far side of her rig, trying to draw the officer around so that Eddy can stash the bug on it.
When the officer doesn't follow me around, I move back to the front, studying the concealed red and white lights in the grill and the winch mounted into a crash bar. "This is really awesome," I spout excitedly, now drawing her to the front corner of the vehicle. "Have you ever used that to tow someone?"
"That's not for towing," she instructs authoritatively. "That's only used for retrieval of stuck vehicles or dragging fallen trees off the road."
"Wow, I never thought of that. Do trees fall across the road very often?" I babble, garnering her full attention while Eddy shuffles disinterestedly to the rear of the vehicle.
When Eddy strolls around to the front approaching from the far side so as not to make the officer any more nervous than she already is, I know she has finished planting the bug and it's time to bring this charade to an end.
"They do occasionally, especially after a wind storm," the officer replies, her demeanor relaxing now that she has both Eddy and I standing before her and she is just outside the driver's door of her rig.
"You came from the west," Eddy says, deferring to the officers ego. "Will we find any hazards on the roads?"
"No, they're relatively clear. But I still don't advise taking this route if your intention is to go all the way to the coast," the officer states with a sense of authority.
"Now, what would be the adventure in going back to the highway," I babble like an idiot. "We got off the highway because we're seeking adventure. Didn't we honey?" I add, throwing an exaggerated wink toward Eddy.
"Yes, dear," she replies condescendingly while smiling confidingly to the female forest officer. "I'm sure you have a lot of work to do, officer," she continues while turning her back on me. "It looks like he has his heart set on this route, so I guess we'll just be making the most of it."
"Well, you take care of yourselves," the officer agrees with an understanding grin.
We step back as the officer pulls her bulk into the SUV and with a wave and a smile, watch as she slowly advances down the road toward the highway with our bug securely nestled in the rear passenger side wheel well.
When she goes around a slight bend and disappears from sight, we turn back toward our own rig as Eddy says, "That should buy us a little head start."
"Yeah, but from whom?"
"Was it wise telling her that we were headed to the coast?" Eddy asks. "We don't know who she'll run into and not knowing our situation is liable to tell the wrong people."
"We would have raised her suspicions if we'd lied," I argue. "There's only two ways to go from here and she'd figure out real quick if we didn't follow her."
"Yeah, I guess you're right."
Pushing the branches aside, we notice Kelly sitting in the driver's seat. As we draw nearer, the sound of country music assails our ears.
"I never would have pegged her for country music," I remark. "Slide it over," I command, approaching the driver's door.
Smiling mischievously, she holds up a bottle of West Indies rum and says, "Looky what I found."
"Give me that," I demand, reaching for the bottle.
Before I can lay my mitts on it, however, she pulls it away and laughs in my face. "On one condition," she states with a giggle, barely able to control herself.
"There are no conditions!" I commandingly state.
"I get to drive," she continues, ignoring my statement.
Reaching through from the other side, Eddy grabs the bottle out of her grasp before she realizes what's happening. "No one will be negotiating over this," she flatly remarks, holding the bottle against her chest. "You can ride shotgun if you want and I'll take the backseat. But you're not driving."
Pulling the driver's door open, Kelly slips from the seat to the ground in a huff, her full lips pouting their displeasure. "I'd rather sit in back," she mumbles, pulling open the rear door. Under her breath, she adds, "As far from you two as I can get."
I'm about to reprimand her for being disrespectful, when Eddy catches my attention and shakes her head. Biting my tongue, I head around to the rear of the suburban and lower the rear window so I can inspect the items lying about. Selecting what I need from them, I return the rest to the backpacks and close the tailgate.
I'm about to reclose the rear window when Eddy steps around the back, the bottle of rum nowhere to be seen. I can only assume that she must have stashed it somewhere up front for safe keeping. Knowing her as well as I do, I'm confident she'll reproduce it when the appropriate time presents itself.
"Looks like we're all set," I comment, referring to the items that our benefactor saw fit to include in the vehicle.
"Whose bug do you think that was?" she questions me, her voice low and serious.
"It doesn't really matter, now does it?" I comment, and then regret sounding so flippant about it when I see the concern on her face. Turning serious, I continue, "More than likely it was put there by her father so he could keep track of his daughter."
"Do you really believe that? Or are we in deeper than we realize?" She pauses for a moment before continuing. "It's not every day we get a client willing to put out a half million dollars for our services. Even with his daughter's safety at stake, that's a lot of money."
Studying her face, I am momentarily distracted by feelings of remorse and regret. She is by far the most beautiful creature I have ever had the pleasure of meeting or ever will again and I simply blew it. Yeah, I'm a great one when it comes to surviving and keeping others alive. But when it comes to women and love, I just can't seem to get the part right.
My voice sympathetic to her concerns, I say, "I honestly believe those bugs were planted on behalf of her father. He seems to have unlimited resources, so don't put too much stock in the monies he put out to keep his daughter safe. If I had access to the kind of money that he does, I wouldn't hesitate to spend a million bucks to keep someone I loved safe. However, with that said, we will still play this out as if the entire drug cartel of Mexico were hunting us." With a knowing wink, I add, "Just to be safe, you understand."
"Yeah," she mimics, "Just to be safe."



**14**
With Eddy in the front seat beside me and Kelly sitting sullenly in the back seat, we slowly pull back out on the narrowing dirt lane. There's a sign at the next bend advising us to beware of log trucks and to monitor CB radio channel 19 for log truck activity.
"What do we do if we come face to face with a log truck," Eddy casually inquires, attempting to strike up a conversation.
To this point, I haven't seen any sign of the bottle of rum and there are very few places where she might have stashed it that would not be obvious to me from my vantage point behind the steering wheel. However, remembering her reaction to my fondness for West Indies rum of late, I decide it isn't prudent of me to bring up the subject.
"Notice how the lane gets wider at the turns and in other select places," I start.
"Yeah."
"The road was designed with those just for getting out of the way of oncoming traffic."
"They're awful damn small," she says concerned.
"I doubt very seriously if we'll encounter any commercial traffic," I quickly add, assuaging her concern. "This road hasn't seen any heavy vehicle travel for some time. You can't see evidence of the last time it was brushed and they always brush the roads where log trucks are hauling."
"Logging is almost nonexistent around here anymore," Kelly suddenly adds, possibly feeling left out, though her voice is still huffy.
Attempting to involve her in the conversation, Eddy asks, "How long have you lived around here, Kelly?"
"My entire life," she grumbles. "Don't ask me how I like living in a casino," she suddenly adds. "Everyone I've ever met has asked me that question as if they think it must be a real kick in the ass! I'm sick of answering it and even sicker of living in a casino. How's that? What you expected to hear?" She pauses for a minute when Eddy and I don't react to her angry little outburst before saying more calmly, "Why doesn't someone ever ask me where I would like to live?"
"Okay," Eddy resignedly replies, her voice dripping with contempt. "Where would a girl that is treated like royalty, spoiled rotten every day of her life, whether out of her father's guilt for ignoring her or simply because his resources allow him to lavish her with anything and everything, want to live?"
"Well, when you put it in that light," she replies, momentarily humbled by Eddy's words.
"Okay, I take the sarcasm back," Eddy quickly states, herself humbled by Kelly's reaction. "If you could live anywhere in the world, where would you choose to live? You tell me and then we'll tell you our choices."
"Wait a minute, I didn't agree to that!" I blurt, causing them both to laugh.
Unfortunately, their laughter is too short-lived. Before I can do anything about it however, their demeanor again turns serious. Yet, the ice between us is melting and for now that makes me feel better. With so many unknowns ahead, we need an open understanding between each of us; such an understanding might very well mean the difference between life and death.
Kelly sits in silence for a long moment while contemplating her answer. The road is narrow and winding, full of potholes and overgrown in some places to where the brush scrapes both sides of the suburban simultaneously and forward vision is reduced to mere feet beyond the grill. The sun that shone so bright between heavy clouds earlier is now all but gone. The sky is growing darker and more threatening as we climb higher in elevation.
"Does that map of yours indicate elevations, by chance?" I casually ask.
"If I remember correctly," she states, not making a move to retrieve the map. "It never gets much more than a couple thousand feet or so before it starts descending back to sea level."
"In the coastal range, Eddy, every foot makes a difference." Nodding upward through the windshield, I remark, "Those clouds almost look like they could be harboring a bit of snow."
From the back seat, Kelly suddenly cuts in, "Snow, now that would be cool. I think I would like to live someplace that actually gets snow."
"What about Aspen or Telluride?" suggests Eddy.
"No, nothing so commercial," she quickly rebukes. "Someplace real. Someplace where the snow is a fact of life, not something required to make a living. You know, a place where the snow is tolerated simply because it brings a forced slowdown to your life because there's nothing you can do about it anyway."
"Sounds like Alaska to me," I sarcastically remark.
Eddy throws me a warning glance, but Kelly simply ignores me and continues, "Some place where the summers are fast paced and full of hard work while the winters are spent around a fireplace or woodstove keeping warm, baking cookies and breads, and just relaxing. You know, enjoying time together."
"Minnesota," Eddy softly remarks.
"You ever been there?" Kelly asks, leaning forward in the seat, her interest piqued.
Before she responds, I notice a dreamy look in her eyes, almost as if she is reminiscing. Not for the first time, I reprimand myself for not taking the time or using the opportunity when I had it to find out more about this lovely creature gracing the seat next to me.
Sensing Kelly's growing impatience along with my own, I gently pressure her, "Yeah, Eddy, you ever been to Minnesota?"
Coming out of her day dream, she meets my gaze and says, "Yes. Yes, I've been to Minnesota."
"Did you live there or just visiting?" Kelly pipes up with excitement in her voice.
"A little of both," Eddy mysteriously remarks, watching my face for a sign of emotion.
For my part, I am unsure what she is expecting from me. Yes, I am curious about her time in Minnesota. But I fail to grasp anything more than just simple curiosity.
And then it hits me!
"What she's trying to tell us, Kelly, is that she had a beau in Minnesota that she went to live with for a time. But obviously it didn't work out. Hence, the visiting someone there and the living there explained." Smiling smugly, I glance at her and ask, "Am I right?"
Although she is quickly angered by my lighthearted take on her failed romance, she shrugs it off and remarks equally lightly, "Yeah, just another failed relationship."
Not realizing the sudden chill in the air between Eddy and me, Kelly innocently requests more information about Minnesota. "Does it really get as cold there as they say? And are there really ten-thousand lakes?"
"Yes, it really does get cold there. And yes, there are ten-thousand lakes," Eddy softly replies, her interest in the conversation waning.
"Last I heard that number is growing," I remark with a grin.
"That's impossible!" Kelly retorts, her voice unbelieving. "Where would more lakes come from?"
"Hey, don't shoot me," I laughingly protest. "Like I said, that's just what I heard."
"Ten-thousand is just an approximation," Eddy humorlessly remarks.
Glancing at my watch, I determine that we need to find someplace to make camp for the night. "It's getting late."
This time, Eddy reaches in her back pocket and retrieves the map. Unfolding it, she remarks, "If these landmarks are correct, that must be Baldy Peak off to the north. That puts us right about here," she says, indicating a spot on the map with her index finger.
"And where would that be?" I ask, unable to take my eyes off the road long enough to study the place she is indicating with her finger for fear of dropping into a pothole.
"Somewhere between seven and ten miles from a branch that should take us west by north, skirting this ridge here. It's only a dotted line on the map, which I believe means it's recommended for four-wheel drive vehicles only."
"It's not a dead end, is it?" I question, concerned that she is selecting this route simply because it's the next offshoot and not because it was planned out.
Instead of getting angry with me for questioning her, however, she simply remarks, "No. If it's passable, the map shows it winding down to another road here." Although she is pointing at the map with her index finger, it is impossible for me to follow and drive. However, I make a mental note to study the map later, when we have time. "That road will bring us around to here," she continues, knowing full well that I can't follow along with her and drive at the same time. "And from there, we can either jump back on this road and be within a few miles of the coastal highway or head a little farther north and onto this road here, which will bring us out near Gold Beach."
"It sounds like you have a plan," I acknowledge, throwing her a quick smile before turning my attention back to the road.
"If we run into trouble, it leaves us with more than one out," she adds, returning my smile.
The tension of just a moment earlier seems gone and I breathe a silent sigh of relief. Yet, I intend on learning more about this woman in the future when I next get the opportunity.
The glove box!
She must have stashed the bottle in the glove box. That only made sense since she didn't have time to find a more secretive place without me noticing. The prospect that she might simply have thrown the bottle into the brush was a prospect that I wasn't going to entertain. Even Eddy, with her sometimes self-righteous attitude toward my bad habits wouldn't be that cruel.
Could she?
As much as I wanted to ask, I wasn't that desperate, yet.
The going was slow and tedious as I was constantly on the lookout for potholes and obstacles in the road. Moving at our current pace, the next seven or so miles was going to take at least an hour and possibly closer to two. Unlike that time we were traveling cross-country with Larry's little bird in the thick of night just inches above the sage brush and Eddy fished out my bottle of rum and offered me a libation, this trip was going to be dry. Oh yeah, the times they have a-changed.



**15**
"So, Kelly," I start, not planning on asking her if she wanted to live in Minnesota for fear of putting Eddy in another dour mood. "What kind of things do you like to do in your spare time?"
"Well, you know I like to cook," she quickly starts, appearing glad to break the monotonous silence.
"And so you shall get the opportunity tonight," Eddy quickly cuts in, smiling over her shoulder at the girl.
"But what do you like to do when you're not in the kitchen?" I lightly press, smiling in the rearview mirror at her.
"Well," she says with a mischievous smile. "I like teasing old men."
"Hey, that's not fair!" I growl, feigning anger.
"Oh, not just you," she giggles self-consciously. "But the men that come in the casino."
"She still thinks you're old," Eddy chides, giggling like a young girl.
"So, you have a father fetish?" I smile back at her.
"That was before I knew how old you really are," Eddy quips, her talons flashing playfully.
"And how about now?" I unthinkingly blurt, not really wanting to hear the answer and just as quickly regretting putting her on the spot. The timing is all wrong and I shouldn't have let myself slip.
Dodging the poorly thrown verbal-javelin, she easily side steps with, "The jury is still out on that."
"You two need to get a room," Kelly smirks from the back seat.
Changing the subject, Eddy points forward and says, "That must be our turn."
Not seeing anything different, I assume she is just trying to get off the subject of the two of us, when a rutted tire track suddenly stands out against the brighter green foliage. My first impression is that a vehicle swerved off the road and went over the embankment. But pulling the suburban to a stop, I lean across Eddy and study the dirt rut more closely. Only then does it become more apparent that it's old and the result of more than one vehicle going this way when the ground was wet and soft. "Looks like a hunting road," I absently comment to myself.
"I'm sure there's lots of traffic up here in the fall during hunting season," Eddy offers.
"Wait here a second," I say, slipping out the driver's door and heading around the front of the rig. The air feels damp and chilly even though the cloud cover hasn't changed.
Standing over the rut, Eddy slips out the passenger's side and steps over next to me. "Looks old," she comments, referring to the most recent tread imprint.
"Probably some back-to-nature dude in the last month or so," I agree.
Taking a few steps forward, I break through the denser brush and notice that the road leads down a slight grade before winding through a dense stand of old growth fir. The underbrush is less dense beneath the shade of the old trees and the road more pronounced.
Eddy is close on my heels and I turn to her, "Don't you think one of us should always be with the girl."
For just the briefest of moments, I see a flash of hurt and humiliation flash in her eyes. With regret for my words, I realize she was enjoying being alone with me, even if it was on a subconscious level.
Without a word, she turns and retreats to the suburban.
"Kelly!" Eddy's voice suddenly cries out, the natural sounds of the forest instantly going quiet.
Moving as if shot from a catapult, I charge through the brush and break out on the road just in time to see Kelly emerging from the brush on the far side of the road and Eddy hurrying toward her. Without even realizing that I'd done so, I'd palmed the nine millimeter into my hand and flicked off the safety. Standing at the side of the SUV, I scan the short distance of visible road in either direction, desperately looking for the cause of Eddy's frantic cry.
Unable to discern anything out of the ordinary, I sprint toward Kelly and Eddy and instinctive put the young girl between Eddy and me. "What is it?" I demand, still searching the sides of the road as well as the road in both directions.
Instead of answering me, Eddy turns toward Kelly and demands of her, "Where did you go? You were told to stay in the rig. What were you thinking?"
"I had to go pee," she cries defensively.
"Don't ever do that again," Eddy continues scolding. "In the future, you let Mac or I know before you go anywhere."
"Yes, Momma," she giggles, delighting in our concern for her.
When we reach the suburban, Kelly slips into the back seat, all the while chuckling softly. "What's so funny?" I ask of her, still relieved that nothing had happened.
Acting innocent, she says, "It's not like I was the only one that didn't do as I was told."
"Yeah, well," I hesitantly agree, glancing across the seat accusingly at Eddy.
In her defense, Eddy states, "Well it's not like there's anyone else around here."
I could have stressed the point further with her, but Eddy is a professional; she won't make the same mistake a second time.
Meanwhile, concern toward our working relationship is beginning to gnaw at me. Ever since meeting up at the casino, we've been distracted. In fact, we've really been too distracted to be responsible for another person's safety. Instead of being the asset that I would have imagined our history together would be, it's actually turning out to be more like a threat to the mission. Eddy and I need to have a talk, but not in Kelly's presence. This conversation will have to wait until later.



**16**
Unlike when the ruts were first made, the ground is dry and hard and the suburban bounces jarringly into them and causing the frame to come down hard on the suspension stops. Although it's a four-wheel drive, it was never intended for true off-highway use. Everyone knows that's just a misnomer. Once all four wheels are securely into the ruts, I let go of the wheel and the vehicle automatically guides itself.
Moving at a snail's pace, the front axle dragging along the higher ground in the center of the trail, we proceed down the incline. When we reach the bottom, I jump out and hurry back up the road on foot. After finding and cutting a full bush of broom with the back of the survival knife, I sweep out our fresh tracks and work my way back to the parked suburban. Tossing the piece of brush aside, I climb back in and we continue on into the darker shadows of the old growth forest. As the sun drops lower in the western sky, it breaks out from behind the clouds and cast bright rays of gold in the treetops. Yet, the sunshine does little to brighten the area beneath the treetops, leaving us in chilly shadows.
Glancing in the rear view mirror, I notice Kelly pressing her face against the side window in order to look higher into the tree tops. "Beautiful, isn't it?" I comment, looking toward Eddy.
Eddy looks back at me, a melancholy longing in her eyes for something once had or merely remembered. And although her look is filled with sadness and regret, it also sparks hope.
Without realizing that I'm doing so, I begin wondering if there is hope for us yet. Can there be a future together with this beautiful woman. Or is that expecting too much. Have we had our day in the sun? Is the future nothing more than this mission and then we go our separate ways? Can I even let her go a second time? Seeing her again has brought out an entire new range of emotions in me.
Yet, even if I can convince her that I'm capable of change, and I'm sure she wouldn't have me any other way, would she consider it? And more importantly, can I change? Am I strong enough to forgo my weakness for West Indies rum? Or will I fail, only to disappoint her again?
At any rate, I have to try!
Looking at her sitting there staring ahead, I would be a fool not to try. "If you see a nice place to set up camp for the night, let me know," I suggest, studying the contour of her face and the soft curls of blonde hair. It takes tremendous willpower to overcome the urge to reach out and touch the softness of her cheek with the back of my hand.
As if sensing my urgency, she suddenly points forward and says, "That looks like a nice spot."
Following her direction, I notice a nice mossy covered area of level ground set back against a steep hillock overgrown with ferns and spindly saplings. "Looks comfortable," I remark, subconsciously deciding to leave the suburban parked in the ruts for the night. It's not like there's any traffic needing to get by.
"It does, doesn't it," Eddy agrees, bemused by my description of the site.
"We're staying here?" Kelly asks from the back seat, a look of disgust on her face.
"We have a tent, sleeping bags and extra blankets," I argue, not sure what she was expecting.
But Eddy quickly jumps in. "You and I will sleep in the suburban, Kelly. Mac can use the tent."
"Sounds good to me," she smirks, a mischievous grin lighting up her face.
"Have it your way," I finish with a wink toward Eddy. "But you don't know what you'll be missing."
"Oh, I know what I'll be missing," she quips softly, throwing open the passenger's door and jumping out. "Come on Kelly, let's get his stuff out of the back so we can get our bed made up."
"Nice company I keep," I grumble softly to myself, climbing out the driver's side.
In reality, I was grateful that Kelly didn't object to having Eddy for a companion in the small confines of the suburban. With Eddy sleeping next to her, I'll sleep better. Though I can't help wonder what the night might yield if she were staying in the tent with me.
Eddy is the first to reach the rear of the suburban. Turning down the rear window, she reaches in and grabs the rolled-up bundle of nylon that must be a tent. "Here ya go," she says, jamming it into my chest as I come around the back of the rig.
"Thanks," I acknowledge, taking the bundle and retreating to the moss-covered clearing just a few short feet away.
"When you finish with that, could you gather some material for a fire before it gets too dark? I would rather we not have to use flashlights since the light beams might be seen from the road," she adds, I presume for Kelly's benefit.
"Yes, Boss," I grumble softly while shaking out the nylon body of the tent and finding the collapsible poles within.
After assembling the tent, which takes only a matter of minutes, I turn back toward the suburban to discover my share of the bedding and blankets lying on the ground where they were tossed. Meanwhile, the girls have clambered up inside the back of the suburban and are busy laying out their bedding, all the while laughing and giggling like a couple of school girls at a pajama party. Their bonding is a good thing and I have no intentions of disrupting it.
Moving silently over the thick bed of moss, I retrieve the bedding and after throwing it through the door of the tent to sort out later, head toward the far side of the road and some dead limbs I can see lying there. As I pass the suburban, I can make out their distinct voices and I hear my name mentioned. Though it's none of my business, I pause for a moment and eavesdrop on their conversation.
"Well, he might be too old for me and I know daddy would never approve, I still think he's kinda cute in a rough sort of way," Kelly is saying.
"No might-be's about it. He's way too old for you," Eddy reaffirms with just a little too much enthusiasm for my liking. "Besides, he's carrying a lot of baggage. A lot more than a young girl of your age needs."
"It's not like you're that much older than me," Kelly retaliates, throwing her a compliment.
Eddy pauses for a moment, turning to face Kelly as if seeing her for the first time. "Why, thank you. That's very sweet of you to say. But he's still off limits to you," she adds with finality, not falling for the compliment. "If for no other reason than your father would have a heart attack if he thought you had a thing for Mac."
Chuckling, I move on, flattered by what I overheard. Filling in the gaps, it seems that Kelly has a crush on me after all and Eddy is jealous. Or at least that's one way to interpret it. Another is the hard reality that Kelly has a youthful crush on me, but Eddy sincerely feels that I'm bad news and really does have Kelly's best interests at heart when she warned her off me.
This second scenario leaves me a little depressed after my momentary high, because it also means that Eddy isn't jealous of Kelly's feelings toward me.
Moving just a little bit more woodenly than just a moment prior, I gather up a large armload of dry twigs and sticks for our cookfire and turn back toward camp with an eye for where to build a fire. Old battle wounds that hadn't bothered me in years are suddenly reminding me of their existence. And aside from the fact that a good looking woman might not feel toward me the way I feel toward her, I'm feeling older than I have in a long time. Who would have believed a woman could have this kind of influence over a man.
Dropping the sticks an equal distance between the tent and the suburban, I turn back toward the direction I'd come when I hear the crunch of gravel beneath tires.
Tapping the hood of the suburban to get Eddy's attention, I signal her that there are unknowns in the area. Moving fast, she instructs Kelly to lay prone under the blankets while piling more on top of her. Then she slips out over the tailgate. Landing softly on her feet, she quickly circles around to the driver's side.
When her hand reaches for the door handle, I hurriedly signal her to freeze. If any of the doors open, the interior lights will come on and possibly give our position away. Although it hasn't yet reached dusk, we are sitting in some deep shadows.
Walking softly around to her, I whisper, "Lights." Understanding registers immediately in her expression.
Looking sheepish, she questions my alarm.
Keeping my voice low, I tell her about hearing tires crunching on gravel.
"Could the sound have carried all the way from the road?" she asks, looking nervously back up the way we'd come.
"We'll know soon enough," I calmly reply, also studying our back trail.
After a few moments of silence, Eddy whispers softly, "I'm sorry Mac."
"What have you to be sorry for?" I ask, not sure where the conversation is heading, but suddenly wishing I had a glass of rum in my hand instead of a nine millimeter handgun.
"You didn't deserve to be treated the way I treated you back at the casino," she starts, keeping her voice low.
"I'm an adult, I'm sure I'll survive a little rudeness," I casually respond, my exterior a wall of impassiveness while inside my emotions are popping off like fireworks on the fourth of July. Is she going to confess to the ruse that she's assisting me and not the other way around?
"It was very demeaning of me to treat you the way I did," she continues, not acknowledging my remark. "It just hurt me that you could drop me so suddenly without warning. I honestly believed our relationship was more than just a sexual fling. It isn't your fault that I was so naïve," she quickly continues before I can interrupt. "But I've come to terms. I understand now that our relationship was nothing more than the result of living together under extreme physical and mental duress while having to depend on each other for our very lives. It was a natural phenomenon that we should expect more from each other. The sex was our outlet to let off pressure and relieve the tension and nothing more. I just read too much into it and that's my fault. I'm sorry."
I'm about to tell her that it was more than just a product of our circumstances and that it was as real as it gets when Kelly throws off the blankets and cries out, "What's going on? I'm suffocating under these."
"You stay with her," I command, stepping past Eddy.
"Where are you going?" she quickly asks, not moving.
"I'm going to back track up the trail. If anything is coming this way, I'll fall in behind them so they're between us. You just keep an eye out and be ready to stash her," I say with finality, setting off at a trot before she has a chance to raise an argument.



**17**
We haven't traveled that far from the road and it takes just a few minutes to double back. To my relief, I don't encounter anyone approaching down the trail toward us. Nor are there any fresh tracks in the ruts that I'd swept clean, just up on the road proper and continuing on past the turn off. With early evening upon us, I find it hard to believe the vehicle could be anything but someone looking for us.
Studying the fresh tracks left behind on the road only furthers my theory; the vehicle I heard is headed west, the same as us. If they were following the lojack signal, they figured out early on that we discovered the bugs and switched them to the over-weight, tree cop's SUV when they encountered it heading east.
If the people following us have any tracking skills at all they'll figure out quickly enough that we didn't continue beyond this branch and that means we aren't safe where we are. If we don't want a confrontation with the people following us, and I am confident they are following us, we need to bury ourselves deeper into the woods.
For a couple of minutes, I listen intently for any sound of a vehicle. But only the wind whispering through the leaves and the sounds of little creatures stirring as they ready for another night assails my senses. Regrettably, we have no way of knowing whether the people are working for Kelly's father or the cartel and must assume the worst.
With a sense of urgency, I race back to our makeshift camp. Kelly is still in the rear of the suburban while Eddy is sitting casually on the lowered tailgate, her attention focused on the trail to our rear. The minute she sees me running full out toward her, she jumps to her feet with a mixed look of relief and concern on her face. Subconsciously, she returns her weapon to the shoulder holster slung under her left arm while turning slightly to let Kelly know I'm coming.
When I get closer, she moves toward me until we are close enough to speak in low tones. "What did you find?"
"Fresh tracks heading west," I tell her between deep breaths.
"Know who?"
"No idea, but I can't help feeling it was following us and they have to know by now we found their bugs. Moreover, if we'd missed one, I think we would know it by now," I add, putting my hand on her shoulder for support while I lean over to catch my breath.
Instead of pulling away, she smiles and says, "A little out of shape, are we?"
"I'll be fine in a minute, just not used to running a six-minute mile," I joke, my breathing already normalizing.
"More like a sixty-minute mile," Kelly quips from within the suburban.
Giving Kelly a reprimanding glare, my voice turns serious as I address Eddy, "We can't stay here. We're too close to the road. It won't take whomever that was very long to figure out where we turned off. We need to bury ourselves deeper in the woods before we stop for the night."
"Push the bedding forward and then give me a hand, Kelly," Eddy says to the girl. "We'll take the firewood with us, since it'll probably be too dark to find any by the time we make camp."
Without a word, Kelly immediately does as Eddy instructed, pushing the bedding up behind the seat in a big pile to clear the floor for the wood I'd collected. While I pull the tent down, they throw the firewood and kindling into the back and then set off in search of more. "We don't have time for that now," I say, throwing the bunched up tent and loose poles into the back.
"It's going to freeze tonight," Kelly argues. "And I don't want to freeze to death. What would my dad say to that?" she asks sardonically, looking over her shoulder at me with a smirk.
Before I can reply, Eddy cuts me off. "She's right, Mac. It's going to get cold up here and we'll be glad for the heat later."
They were ganging up on me and I quickly realized I wasn't going to win. So, giving in, I instead say, "Be quick and don't lollygag. I'll keep an eye out for visitors."
Feeling victorious, they set off like a couple of school girls, giggling and laughing while I turn toward our back trail and lean against the tailgate with concern over wasting time eating at me.
Within a matter of minutes that seem to drag on forever, they each come back with an armload of dead branches and drop them into the rear of the suburban. "That should keep us warm tonight," Eddy acknowledges as I lift the tailgate and run up the window.
"Then let's get a move on," I order, heading toward the driver's door while Eddy and Kelly are already embarking on the passenger's side with Kelly sliding in first. Getting in, I casually remark, "Any particular reason that we're all sitting up front now?"
"Easier to carry on a conversation," Kelly says with a conspiratorial smile toward Eddy.
Eddy smiles back at her as if a silent exchange just happened that I wasn't privy to. At a loss for words, I sheepishly remark, "You don't say now."
With all three of us sitting up front, we bounce and jostle against each other as the suburban follows the age old ruts. "You think it's going to rain tonight?" Kelly asks, her hand stretched out toward the dash for support.
"It kinda felt like there's something in the air," Eddy replies, looking toward me.
"If we're lucky enough to get rain and not snow, it should make this road pretty much impassable," I remark, the wheel slipping loosely through my fingers as the tires follow the ruts.
No sooner do we mention the weather than a few drops of rain strike the windshield. Concerned, Eddy asks, "Will we get stuck if it rains?"
"That's just moisture falling from the forest canopy above us," I weakly venture, hoping against the odds that I'm correct.
"That's rain," Kelly quickly confirms, staring ahead at the increasing number of drops.
"Any idea how much farther to the next intersection?" I ask, looking toward Eddy.
"It shouldn't be that much farther," she hesitantly replies.
"Hang on," I suggest while stepping a little harder on the accelerator.
The suburban lurches forward, the front axle scraping off the crown between the ruts and making scraping and crunching noises with each rock it meets. When Kelly bounces clear of the seat, landing jarringly with an exhalation of breath, I suggest they tighten their seatbelts.
"Why are you driving like a maniac?" Kelly cries out, both hands now on the dash while alternating her right to the ceiling and then back to the dash.
"If we don't get off this road before the rain starts in earnest, we'll be stuck on it till it dries out next summer. And that means we'll be sitting ducks for whoever comes along," I snap at her between intakes of breath.
When the vehicle suddenly bottoms out with a loud bang of metal against rock, my foot unintentionally slams down on the accelerator, causing it to lunge forward and jump out of the ruts. Careening wildly to the right, I grip the wheel hard and turn toward the left, causing the suburban to slide through the thick humus blanket of dead leaves and molding soil. With a jarring crash, the rear end clips an old fir tree. The impact is glancing and the sound of crunching metal is followed immediately by the sound of tearing metal as the outside right-hand edge of the bumper hooks the tree and rips loose from its mounts on one side.
Hitting the ruts at a sharp angle, I instantly jerk the wheel back to the right and the suburban drops back into them with another loud crashing sound that is instantly followed by the sound of the bumper dragging along behind. The sound is almost deafening within the cab as it furrows the hard packed crown in the middle of the road and causing the suburban to jerk every time it snags an embedded rock or protruding root.
The rain suddenly lets loose in a deluge coming down in a torrent. Turning the wipers on causes a momentary streaking of mud across the windshield until the volume of rain washes it off.
Without even noticing the transition from dusk to dark in the fall of heavy rain, I am forced to slow down or turn on the headlights, which I am averse to doing for fear of giving our location away. Since we don't have any idea who is following us, we can't take any chances. Even a plane in the sky with a general idea of our location would be able to spot us immediately if we give them a beacon.
"We need to stop!" Eddy suddenly cries out over the noise of the dragging bumper.
Although the rain has been coming down only a few short minutes, already I can feel the slickness of the surface against the tires increasing. "We can't! If we stop now, we may never get her moving again," I yell back, anticipating another impact at any moment.
We are plowing ahead at close to twenty-five miles per hour on a poor excuse of a road that should have demanded five miles per hour tops, especially in the dark with a torrential downpour battering us while the dragging bumper is deafening and we can't risk putting on the headlights.
"Stop!" Eddy suddenly cries out.
Slamming on the brakes, I loudly demand, "What?"
"Back up! I think we just passed our turn off," she calmly replies, the noise of the dragging bumper silenced.
With just the patter of rain beating against the roof, it is almost quiet within the cab of the suburban and although I am loathe for that to change, I hurriedly push the shift lever up into reverse and gently step on the accelerator, being careful not to break the tires loose and dig us into the softening surface.
"Where?" I irritably demand after traveling backwards for almost one-hundred feet with the sound of the bumper banging loudly up against the rear of the vehicle.
"Right there!" Eddy cries out at the same moment the bumper catches under the rear of the suburban and lifts the rear tires out of the ruts.
Not waiting for our momentum to stop, I pull the lever into drive and step on the accelerator, the front tires slinging wet mud up the sides of the vehicle as it slowly crawls forward.
Though I step hard on the gas, it refuses to pick up speed, the tires having lost their grip with the slick surface. Unless we can get up enough speed, the front tires won't come out of the ruts and we won't be able to turn onto the road that Eddy indicated.
"This isn't working!" I hiss angrily, frustrated with the suburban's performance. "We need to get rid of that damn bumper and throw some shit in the ruts for the front tires to climb up on."
The words have no sooner left my mouth than our ears are accosted by the sound of metal scraping harshly against metal. The rear of the suburban suddenly lurches upward and then drops back into the ruts, the rear tires now able to assist the front. Although the bumper didn't break free, it came out from beneath the rig and allowed the rear tires to settle down in the ruts again.
"We can't backup again until we get rid of that bumper!" I shout, keeping me foot down as the suburban picks up speed.
When I see the place that Eddy pointed out just moments before, I yank the wheel hard to the right while praying silently that the front tires find purchase and climb out of the ruts while worrying that I might be turning us head-on into a tree or over a cliff. There's no option of stopping without risking getting her moving again in this mud.
As the front of the suburban lunges up and out of the ruts, Kelly's scream drowns out the sound of the racing engine, the pattering rain, and even the rumble of the dragging bumper. A cloud of steam from water reaching the hot engine pours out from beneath the hood and then we are on level ground and stopped.
"Everyone alright?" I ask, trying to make them out in the light of the dash gauges.
"What just happened?" Kelly asks, her voice shaking.
"We just hung a right onto another road," I casually remark as if nothing out of the ordinary has happened. "You okay, Eddy?"
"I hit my head on the side window, but I'll be alright," she answers weakly, trying to downplay her injury.
"I need to get that bumper off the back before we go any farther," I suggest. "But first, I'll come around to that side and have a look at your head."
"I'm fine, really," she argues. "Besides, we need to keep moving. Remember, it was your idea."
"You're going to get soaked," Kelly adds, reaching over the seat into the now scattered pile of bedding and gear and finding a plastic slicker. "Here," she says, handing it to me. "I'll check on Eddy's head while you get the bumper or whatever loose."
Taking the proffered slicker, I find myself at a momentary loss for words. For a young kid, she's acting very mature again and my respect for her is growing. "Thanks," I finally manage. "Don't let her fool you about the pain. And if you need it, there's a first aid kit under the seat. In fact, I'll get it for you."
Stepping out into the rain, I quickly pull the slicker on, though I can feel the moisture already through my shirt and running down the back of my neck. Grabbing the first aid kit from under the seat, I hand it in to Kelly while using the interior light that came on with the opening of the door to study Eddy's pale face.
Seeing me looking at her and the concern on my face, she forces a weak smile and says, "I'm fine. Just give me a couple of aspirins Kelly and I'll be good as new."
Shaking my head in exasperation, I push the door shut and head around to the back of the suburban. With no light to see by, I feel for the bumper and find it just as I'd suspected. When the vehicle slid sideways, the right hand corner of the bumper snagged the same tree that caved in all the sheet metal aft of the rear tire. There was enough force involved to literally pull the bolt heads through the metal of the bumper leaving only the driver's side intact. The left side, however, remained attached which caused the bumper to drag at an acute angle to the ground, much like a farmer's plow blade.
Grabbing hold of the loose end, I twist it first out and then up. It swings with some resistance, but refuses to let loose. Putting my bulk behind it, I get between the bumper and the tailgate and force it around to the driver's side. When that fails to break it loose, I push it back the other way. After repeating this several times, another bolt pulls through, this time on the opposite side. With only one bolt left securing it to the vehicle, it takes just a little more twisting and pulling before it breaks free completely.
With a mighty heave, I chuck it into the nearest brush, confident that I threw it far enough so as to be out of sight to anyone passing by in the light of day. The total time spent outside the vehicle is less than ten-minutes and yet, I am soaked to the skin despite the slicker. The air is cold and barely above freezing. My breath is visible despite the lack of light. It will be snowing before the sun rises. Of that I am confident.
Climbing back into the driver's seat, I take a long look at Eddy before pulling the door shut and losing the light. In my line of work, I've seen many individuals suffering from concussions, myself included. Looking at Eddy now, I can say without a doubt that she has a concussion whether she's in denial or otherwise.
While I was outside, Kelly has taken a roll of gauze and wound it around Eddy's head, more to create a cushion against any future impacts than for any other purpose. She also switched places with Eddy and put her in between us.
"How are you feeling?" I gently inquire, letting the dash heater do its job.
"I'll live," she says without any enthusiasm.
"She's got a knot on the side of her head the size of a walnut," Kelly blurts.
"I'm sorry for that," I say, overcome by a sense of guilt and helplessness.
"It's not your fault," Eddy whispers, leaning into my shoulder.
"Here, let me get this wet slicker off before I make you all wet too."
Moving carefully so as not to jar her, I slip out of the wet slicker and push it to the floor by Kelly's feet. "We'll keep it up front just in case we need it again," I suggest. "And Kelly, make sure you don't hit your head."
"What, you think you're my father now?" she says like an immature teenager, all semblance of the mature woman that was sitting there just a scant few moments earlier gone.
In the dark, I smile knowing it's just the young girl's way of coping. If a situation arises again where she'll be counted on to perform, I have no doubts that she'll do just fine.
"We're going to have to turn the lights on," I comment, looking for Eddy's approval.
"We can't," she argues. "We're liable to be spotted."
"We have to if we're going to follow this road. It's too dark to see without them and there aren't any ruts to follow," I continue, making my case. "Moreover, if we move now, the rain will wash out our tracks. The alternative is sitting here until daylight."
"You're right as usual," Eddy concedes, wincing as her head causes her more pain than she wants to let on.
The pressure of her shoulder leaning against me feels comforting in a strange sort of way.



**18**
Forgoing the headlights, I turn on just the running lights. Pulling the shift lever into drive. I slowly ease down on the accelerator. There is a moment when the tires slip and then we slowly start creeping forward. The glow of the running lights casts just enough light to highlight shadows distinguishing the overgrown trail and yet, every little dip causes a muffled cry of pain from Eddy.
"I think I'm going to be sick," she suddenly mumbles, her head lolling forward.
Coming to a quick halt, I slip out into the rain and reach in to take Eddy by the shoulders and half drag, half guide her to the edge of the seat so that she is looking down at the ground. In a torrent, she heaves up vile smelling bile.
"Kelly, can you find something to wash her face with."
"Here," she quickly complies, handing me a towel.
Gently, using a damp part of the towel, I wipe her face and then dry it with another part of the towel. Shamefaced, she looks up at me, the rain running down my face and my clothes now thoroughly saturated since I'd removed the only slicker to be found in the supplies provided for us.
Before she can speak, I say, "It's alright. There's nothing to be embarrassed about. The important thing is whether you feel any better?"
"I will as soon as you get in out of the rain," she says, her voice sounding stronger already. Sitting upright, she slides over and makes room for me to get in. "Thanks Kelly."
"You'd do the same for me," she replies matter-of-factly, trying to hide the concern that is stamped on her face.
"You didn't have to get out in the rain," she continues, as I slide back into the suburban.
"What, and let you throw up all over us so we have to put up with that stench for the next two weeks? I don't think so," I humorously retort.
Putting my arm around her to steady her against me, I am pleased when she doesn't protest and instead, snuggles into my chest. "We'll find a place to stop for the night real soon," I say encouragingly.
I almost add, "I think it's time we have a shot from that bottle of rum," but I resist, keeping the thought to myself when Eddy suddenly says, "Kelly, could you reach under your seat and find that bottle of rum. I think this man needs something to warm him up."
Giving her a gentle squeeze, I whisper softly into her damp hair that smells vaguely of patchouli shampoo, "I knew there was something about you that was irresistible."
Instead of the affectionate response I was expecting in return, she pinches my right thigh between her thumb and index finger, hissing, "It's only for medicinal purposes!"
Flinching from the acute bite of pain, I retort, "And so is the shot that you're going to take! Doctor's orders!"
Opening the bottle and then handing it to Eddy, Kelly humorously asks, "You two always argue this much? You're worse than the old couples that come into the casino, and they've been married for hundreds of years!"
Rolling to a stop, I patiently wait for Eddy to take a swig from the bottle while anticipating the smooth fire rolling down my throat and warming my rain-soaked body. "Nah," I drawl, smiling at Kelly. "Usually, we just duke it out on the street where everyone can watch,"
Holding the bottle by the neck in her right hand, Eddy jabs her left elbow into my ribs and then quickly puts the bottle to her lips before I can retaliate. This is the Eddy I used to know and it does my heart good to see her relaxing in my company again.
As she hands me the bottle, I murmur, "Medicinal, huh?"
Although I long to take a deep swig, for Eddy's sake, I refrain. Instead, I take a shot equal to hers and then pass the bottle back. Kelly takes it and then before replacing the cap, quickly throws it up to her lips and takes a quick sip. Unaccustomed to the fire that hits her throat and steals her breath, her face squints up and she gasps a few short breaths in rapid succession before breaking out into a series of coughs and watering eyes.
"It's an acquired taste," I grin, finding her discomfort amusing.
If Eddy noticed my reserved swig of rum, she didn't acknowledge it. But then, why would she? If it weren't for my wet and cold condition, I probably wouldn't have taken the shot at all. But of course, she doesn't know that.
Putting the suburban back in drive, we slowly crawl forward. It doesn't escape my notice that Eddy is no longer leaning into me like she was before our stop, so I refrain from putting my arm around her shoulders to steady her against the movement of the vehicle. Something about her demeanor toward me changed since our little pit stop and the only thing I can attribute to the change is that I partook of the rum. Yet, even she said it was only for medicinal purposes. So why the cold shoulder treatment?
Women!



**19**
We continue on in silence, the road barely visible in the dull amber gloom of the running lights. The rain doesn't let up and soon we are sloshing through deep puddles of standing water. Only the sparse shrubbery lining the trail distinguishes it from the deeper woods. Potholes are hidden beneath inches of standing water, all but obliterating them until the tires suddenly drop into them.
With each lung and lurch of the rig, Eddy winces softly beneath her breath. In the feeble green dash lights I can see her pressing her eyes shut against the headache that she must be suffering. Feeling her pain as if it were my own, I finally put my right arm around her shoulder and pull her tightly against my side, trying hard to steady her against the jarring movements.
Not sure if my efforts are working, I draw satisfaction from the fact that she doesn't resist me and instead, even presses harder into me. Her soft outcries of pain lessening in frequency and severity.
"How much farther are we going tonight?" Kelly asks, breaking the silence.
At just that moment, the front of the vehicle begins to go up a slight incline and I instantly step on the accelerator before we lose our momentum. Cresting the rise, it's immediately apparent that we've broken out from beneath the canopy of old growth trees as we can make out the sky even though it's still dark and threatening, an endless stream of black clouds is moving swiftly from one side to the other.
Stopping, I study the area directly before the suburban, the wipers knocking a steady rhythm against the windshield. For as far as the amber glow can be seen there is nothing but tall weeds reflecting back.
"Where did the trail go?" Kelly asks, her voice belying her concern.
"I'm not sure," I remark, silently debating if this is as far as we're going for the night.
As if reading my thoughts, Eddy says, "Let's make camp here. My head isn't up to any more jostling tonight."
Glancing at her, I am pained by the ghostly-pale pallor of her complexion. She appears almost ghostlike in the gloom of the cab. "I'll set up the tent right behind us, but I think a fire is out of the question until morning," I say, studying Eddy's face.
When I start to remove my arm from around her shoulders, Eddy suddenly says, "I think I'll sleep in the tent tonight. Even the slightest movement of this thing on its suspension is making me nauseous."
"I'll take the front seat. Kelly, looks like you get the back to yourself. Just sit here if you can until I get the tent set up," I suggest.
"No, I can't expect you to sleep on this front seat. You won't even be able to straighten your legs out and you need your rest too," Eddy argues, her voice painfully weak.
"I'll be just fine," I state with finality. "Just stay put until I come back for you."
Slipping out of the suburban, I turn back and take the slicker from Kelly's outstretched hand. "Thanks," I acknowledge, grateful for her forethought.
Slipping around to the rear, I open the hatch and pull out the tent and stakes, noticing how brisk the air is against my damp clothing. Almost as if in answer, I notice a few flakes mixed in with the steady drizzle. "No wonder the rain is slacking off," I mumble to myself.
Though I turned off the running lights the moment we stopped, I left the engine running and the heater on high. Until the tent is up and we are finished opening and closing doors, it seems wiser to keep the heat going. At this point, fuel isn't an issue. The suburban has a thirty-five gallon fuel tank and should get close to ten miles per gallon. That equates to three-hundred-plus miles. It shouldn't be more than a hundred miles to the coast yet and I'm sure we'll find a fuel station when we get there. Conclusion; keep them warm and don't fret over fuel.
It takes only a few minutes to get the tent erected and a generous amount of the blankets and two sleeping bags from the back of the suburban laid out to one side like a cocoon. Before closing the rear on the suburban, I push all the firewood and kindling to one side and roughly lay out Kelly's blankets and sleeping bag.
When I open the driver's door and jump back in to warm up, I notice Kelly is holding the bottle of rum in her hands between her thighs. Noticing me looking suspiciously at her, she smiles in the light of the overhead bulb and says, "I think Eddy should keep this with her tonight. It'll help fend off the cold and numb the pain of the concussion."
"What doctor teaches that?" I sarcastically remark.
"She's right, Mac. I couldn't help feel the nip in the air when you opened the door. I might need something to keep me warm. And anything that helps numb the pain in my skull must be a good thing," she says, taking the bottle from Kelly.
It's clearly a ploy between them to keep the bottle out of my reach tonight. Yet, I refrain from arguing with them. This will just give me one more opportunity to prove to Eddy that I can live without rum if necessary.
"As you wish," I obligingly agree. "If you're ready, I'll show you to your quarters."
"Why, thank you," she replies, her voice already gaining some strength from being allowed to sit quietly for a few minutes. "Good night, Kelly."
"Night, Eddy."
Taking her hand, I lead her back to the tent and hold the flap aside. When she leans down to enter, she pulls my hand down with her, indicating for me to come inside.
"Is this such a good idea?" I lamely question her.
Giving my hand a sharp jerk before releasing her hold, she hisses angrily, "Be serious."
Although I was completely serious, I quickly pretend to have been teasing in an attempt to hide my crude ignorance.
"Okay, I'm all seriousness. What did you need?" I levelly reply.
"We need to talk," she says, her voice regaining some of the earlier weakness from the effort of climbing from the suburban and into the tent.
Picking up on her frail state, I concernedly ask, "Are you sure it's a good idea that you sleep out here alone tonight?"
"I'll be fine," she states a bit agitated. "It's not like I haven't taken a slam to the side of the head before."
Her anger isn't directed at me, but at the fact that she'd been injured and it was having an effect on her ability to function at her normal level of competency.
Without thinking my next thought through, I say, "Would you like a sip of rum to steady you?"
This time her anger is directed at me. "Oh sure, so you can get in your sip too?"
"I'm sorry you feel that way, Eddy," I say with sincerity, her words cutting close to the bone. "If it makes you feel any better, I won't even offer to open the bottle for you."
"No," she says, immediately regretting her remark. Casting the bottle to the side, she continues, "I'm sorry, I didn't mean that. My head hurts, I'm confused, and we're on a case. Need I say anymore?"
"You need to get some rest. We can talk in the morning," I say softly, drawing my knees up under me to exit the tent.
"Wait," she suddenly blurts, reaching out and putting her left hand on my arm. "Don't go yet, please."
"I'll stay here all night, if that's what you want," I innocently offer, concerned at her anguish.
Her hand slips to the ground and her head hangs limply forward. "That's the problem," she softly starts. "I don't know what I want."
"No one is forcing you to decide anything," I say gently.
As if not hearing me, she slowly continues, "At first, when you stopped calling, I assumed you were just too busy, possibly on an assignment somewhere you couldn't compromise your identity or something. But when I called Larry and he said you were just going through a rough patch, it really hurt. But I realized then that I didn't mean as much to you as you meant to me and I was fooling myself if I thought we were going to get back together anytime soon. If you cared for me as much as I cared for you, you would have come to me, Mac. But you didn't."
"You mean more to me than you'll ever know, Eddy," I softly confess, taking her hand in mine. "You'll never know how sorry I am for leaving you hanging the way I did. But the last thing you need in your life is a washed up investigator that lives on charity above a tavern in the middle of nowhere."
When she doesn't say anything for a moment, I venture, "Feeling the way you do and that you believed I didn't care for you any longer, why did you insist on me accompanying you on this assignment? The job was yours without me. In fact, I heard you had to take a cut on the commission to get him to agree to let me tag along! What was that all about?"
Hesitantly, she says, "Even though it appeared that you didn't care for me, I still cared deeply for you. You think I can just shut off my feelings like a faucet? And who are you to tell me who or what I can have or should have in my life? It's my life Mac. If I want you in it that should be my call, not yours." She pauses to catch her breath before continuing. "After talking with Larry it sounded like you needed some help."
"I have some money set aside. I wasn't hurting," I lie.
"Money had nothing to do with it," she says, turning to find my face in the dark. "Your friends are concerned that you're heading down a dead end street without backup." She hesitates a moment before blurting, "They're afraid that you've become an alcoholic, Mac."
"Just cause I have an occasional shot of rum?" I protest without any real conviction.
"It's not just an occasional shot of rum, Mac," she says, her voice growing stronger. "Even Sam says you're drunk most of the time."
"You talked to my landlord?" I ask, incredulous that she had gone to such lengths on my behalf.
"Larry gave me a few of your other friend's names as well," she sheepishly admits.
"I'm going to kill him when this job is over," I angrily hiss. "He needs to mind his own damn business."
"He's only concerned for you," she argues, her voice beginning to sound fatigued. Resignedly, she pushes the bottle toward me and says, "Here, take a shot, it'll settle your nerves."
Angrily, I push the bottle away and pull away from her. With my voice barely under control, I angrily hiss, "Keep it. I'll show you I don't need the stuff. You and everyone else that claims to be my friend!"
Letting the bottle slip from her fingers, she reaches for me in the dark and with a voice choked up with emotion cries, "Oh Mac, I love you so much. Please, don't be angry with me."
At the feel of her touch on my arm and the pain in her voice, my heart constricts, making it difficult to breathe. Pulling her closer to me, our lips find each other in the dark. The taste of salty tears confirms that she is crying. Gently, we kiss long and warm. This is probably our first kiss that hasn't been fueled by lusty passion since we first met.
When our lips part, I start to tell her how sorry I am. But she places a cold finger against my lips to silence me. "Not now, Mac, please. Just hold me."
Pulling her tightly against me with the bedding pulled loosely around us, we sit in silence and savor the moment. After a while, the patter of rain striking against the nylon of the tent draws my attention. The snow must have changed back to rain which means it's warming up.
Not long after that the wind dies down and the rain tapers off. We are left in absolute silence, confirming our solitary existence in the vast universe. Beyond our embrace, nothing else matters, nothing else exists.



**20**
At some point, Eddy dozes off in my arms. Gently, I lay her down in the blankets, carefully pulling them up around her. When I am certain that she is as snug as I can make her, I open the flat and slip out into the darkness. Outside, I silently secure the flap against the damp cold and listen intently for any sound coming from either within the tent or down our back trail.
After a long moment of silence, I stand to my full height and pull the hood of the slicker up over my head. The flakes are coming down again, large and wet, idly covering everything in a cold blanket of white. Subconsciously, I think this is good as it will cover our tracks. Even though it will melt with the first break of daylight, it will have done its job for us.
Instead of climbing into the front seat of the suburban and disturbing Kelly, I decide to march back down the incline and find shelter along the trail where I can keep watch until first light. The moments spent with Eddy have triggered a rush of adrenaline and sleep probably won't come now even if I try. Too many thoughts are clamoring for attention within the confines of my skull and until I sort them out, I won't be any good to anyone.
Gingerly, for fear of slipping on the slick and slushy surface and landing on my ass, I work my way back down the slope. When I reach level ground, I continue for about one-hundred and fifty feet or so before I'm back under the protection of the forest canopy. Turning and looking back over my shoulder toward the top of the incline, I am pleased to note that the tent and suburban are invisible under their cloak of white.
Off to my left, I notice a darker area against the night. Moving toward it, I quickly discover that my suspicions are correct and it is a large old growth stump with a young sapling growing up near the front of its base. The sapling is spindly from lack of light, but will provide enough cover to hide me from anything short of a spotlight.
Climbing up on the stump, I'm mildly surprised to find it more solid than rotten. Reaching down between my legs, I grab the rear of the slicker and pull it forward so that the waterproof material is between my ass and the wet surface. Carefully, I lower myself into a cross-legged sitting position, relieved that the slicker is just long enough to keep my ass dry.
"All I need now is a shot of rum," I murmur softly, the sound of my voice loud in the silence of the dark forest.
Almost guiltily, I glance in the direction of the tent and even though it is well beyond the distance that my voice could possibly carry, I make a conscious decision to keep my thoughts to myself in the future.
Yet, as quickly as the guilt manifests itself, so do feelings of anger. I'm a grown man capable of making my own decisions and mature enough to realize that whatever they are, I will live with the consequences of them. Why do I care what a woman thinks?
"Because I love her," I confess to myself, my anger dissipating as quickly as it manifested. Just thinking about her warms my soul and conjures up a desire to be with her.
It also dawns on me that my desire to be with her isn't just sexual in nature. Although there is nothing more pleasurable in the entire world than making love with Eddy, I also enjoy her company. It doesn't matter what we are doing, I just enjoy being with her. No woman has ever brought out that feeling in me before and I'm not sure how to react to it.
Eddy isn't just a lover, but my best friend. She knows me better than I even know myself and yet, except for her reaction to my desire for rum, she doesn't judge me. And it isn't that she begrudges me the rum, she begrudges what it is doing to me out of a genuine concern for my wellbeing.
And yet, what is it doing to me?
My reflexes don't seem impaired. I still notice little things that aren't quite right; like the things that make the hair stand up on the back of my neck. My sleep is restful, if not always through the night. And except for the times when I've sat in the bar till the wee hours of the morning, I'm alert and aware of my surroundings. Unless, of course, the nights spent drinking are becoming too frequent. One might consider that possibility.
Looking at my life from another's point of view such as Eddy's, I can see how she might be concerned for me. I have been spending a lot of time in the bar, the proof of which is my unpaid tab. Even if I lose track of the days and nights, Sam is constantly reminding me of my growing bill.
So, maybe Eddy has a point after all. Maybe I have grown too dependent on my rum. Without a doubt, if I want to have any kind of a future with her, I will have to curb my consumption, if for no other reason than out of respect for her concern toward me.
As if waking from a dream, I'm suddenly aware of the chill of the night air creeping up my spine and a stiffness settling into my legs. Surprised at the degree of resistance my body exhibits, I straighten my legs and then slowly rise to my feet and stretch. The popping and creaking of my muscles and joints creaking in protest sounds loud in the silence. Moving awkwardly, I climb down off the stump and trudge back toward the trail. Judging by the slivers of false dawn peeking through the tree tops, daylight should be less than an hour away. And despite the knock on Eddy's head, if I know her at all, she'll already be up and wondering what happened to me.
Chuckling to myself, I imagine her running to the suburban and waking Kelly in her haste to locate the bottle of rum after convincing herself that's why I'm not around.
"I sure would love to see the look on her face when she finds it," I laugh aloud.
As I reach the bottom of the incline, I notice that the slush is undisturbed on the thin fabric of the tent. With mounting concern, I rush up the slope, my feet slipping on the wet snow and mud. Several times, I almost fall on my face, but manage to stay on my feet until reaching the top. In the short span of time that it takes me to ascend the slope, a myriad of horrendous thoughts plague my mind, the worst of which is guilt. How could I leave her alone when I knew she was suffering from a concussion? She might be in a coma or worse.
Sliding around to the front of the tent, I hastily throw the flap aside and stick my head in, my breath rasping hoarsely from the exertion and anxiety. Unable to make out anything in the dark, I whisper frantically, "Eddy!"
When there's no immediate answer, I climb brusquely through the small opening with my hands grasping about wildly for her. Finding the bulk of her form in a pile of the bedding, I reach under it in search of a pulse while whispering her name, "Eddy, I'm so sorry. I should have known better than to leave you alone. What was I thinking? I'll never forgive myself! Damn it all to Hell!"
To my immense relief, she stirs and starts to say something when her voice suddenly turns into an agonized scream ending in, "Oh my God! Mac, what are you doing?"
The shock and surprise of waking from a deep sleep with me clamoring madly about within the small confines of the tent, my frigid hands groping her bare skin in a panic to find a pulse as I think the worst, is quickly replaced with anger at having her sleep so brutally disrupted. "Mac! What in the world are you doing?"
Realizing that she is fine and I am over reacting, my angst quickly turns to embarrassment and I sit back on my haunches, unsure how to respond to her question. Do I tell her the truth and suck up the embarrassment, or should I make something up that doesn't leave me looking quite so melodramatic?
Before I can decide, she continues, "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to yell at you. But you startled me with your cold hands. You're lucky I didn't shoot you."
"Sorry about that," I mumble softly. "I didn't mean to scare you."
"You didn't," she says a bit too coolly. And then, another thought strikes her as she says accusingly, "You're too cold to have just come from the suburban." Her voice trails off as if waiting for me to explain or defend myself. When I remain silent, she says, "You spent the night in the woods, didn't you?"
Sheepishly, I respond, "Guilty as charged."
Reaching out in the dark, her hands find mine and she rubs them vigorously to warm them before pulling me into her warm embrace. "You must be chilled to the bone. I feel so guilty."
"What have you to feel guilty about?" I ask, perplexed by her statement.
Pulling her covers around me while pushing the slicker from my shoulders and down my arms, she explains, "Kelly is both of our responsibility, not just yours. While I spent the night in these warm blankets, you were out there in the cold and rain looking after us."
Allowing her to slowly undress my upper half with her warm hands, I gently remind her that she'd suffered a concussion earlier and needed the rest. She would have done the same if the situation had been reversed and I'd been the one with the concussion.
The gun and shoulder holster fall heavily on top of my shirt and undershirt, quickly becoming lost in the growing pile. 
"You wouldn't have slept even if you were on your death bed," she weakly argues, her voice growing steadily huskier with emotion.
Delicately, she runs her fingers down my back, drawing my bare chest closer to her. When she lets the blankets between us fall aside, I'm acutely aware of the silky fabric of her bra against my chest. Her lips slide moistly along the side of my neck and over my two-day's growth of whiskers as she gets to her knees and positions herself to push me down into the warm cocoon that she just vacated.
Straddling me, her hands planted firmly on my chest, she lowers her lips to mine. They are warm and moist. Her tongue is suddenly in my mouth searching hungrily through the depths of darkness while igniting the pent up passion that'd been smoldering between us.
"I've missed you," she breathlessly exhales.
"Don't you dare ever let me out of your life again," I hiss between heated kisses, my hands working frantically at the catch securing her bra.
When her bra falls to the side and releases her ample breasts, I'm aware of her hands working feverishly at the waist button on my jeans. Moving my hands from her shoulders and sliding them lingeringly down her sides, I hesitate momentarily when a slight gasp escapes her lips.
"You're still cold," she shivers, pausing momentarily.
"Maybe I need a hot water bottle to warm me up," I smile, cupping her firm breasts in my cold hands and delighting in the rock hard nipples standing at attention.
"You need something," she states rather coolly. "Your hands are sapping all my heat."
The tone of her voice is more than enough to warn me that the moment is slipping away and I have a choice to make. Should I allow it to dissipate, or should I pursue it and attempt to keep the spark alive?
With almost complete disregard for her injury, I grab her by the waist and pull myself up, planting my lips forcefully on hers. Bending her backwards so that her feet are pinned beneath her thighs, I continue kissing her as my bare chest presses hard against her naked breasts. If there is a chill in the tent, it is quickly forgotten as she responds in kind to my advances.
Rising to my knees to assist her in forcing my jeans down, my manhood suddenly springs forth, the passion within refusing to be denied. Feeling it pressing hard against her belly, she too rises to her knees, facilitating my hands as they push her jeans down to her knees.
Lowering myself back to the bedding while pulling her hungrily with me, we work frantically together to free her from the confines of her jeans until she finally kicks them free with her feet. Unfettered now, her body moves gracefully into position over mine and we join together in an outcry of joyous ecstasy.
Our lovemaking is fast and furious in the cold tent with dawn breaking on the horizon and adding to our apprehensiveness.
"Oh Mac," she whispers breathlessly, falling forward on top of me, the climax of our spent passion leaving her weak and vulnerable.
Reaching past her spent body, I pull the blankets up to cover our naked flesh, the heat of our joining having brought out a bead of sweat on my forehead. When she rolls onto her side, leaving my limp manhood behind, I subconsciously reach for a breast and begin absently caressing it while we lie in silence.
To my immense delight, the nipple grows hard under my touch and her breathing grows coarse. "Mac, careful there," she whispers, the light of day beginning to break through the canvas of the tent. "We need to get a move on. Kelly hasn't eaten since noon yesterday and she will need something for breakfast. We all do."
As she speaks, her voice grows even and I'm aware of a softening effect in her nipple. Though my own rod of iron is ready and willing for round two, I must regrettably agree with her. We are on a job, not vacation.
My voice belying my disappointment, which brings a smile to Eddy's face, I sullenly agree, "You're right, as usual."
"Of course, I'm right," she smiles. "I'm always right and don't you forget it."
"Would you ever let me," I grumble teasingly, retrieving my clothes and getting to my knees.
Suddenly, from off in the distance, I hear the sound of an engine. Eddy hears it at the same instant, her eyes looking questioningly into mine. "Hurry, get dressed and throw everything in the back of the suburban. I'll be right back."
"Mac," she starts, her face anxious and yet happy with the memory of this morning.
"Yes," I ask, throwing the shoulder holster on and drawing the weapon. With a deft movement, I slide the bolt and check the magazine to make certain there is a round in it and that it is ready to fire before slipping it back into the holster.
"Please be careful."
"As always," I smile, leaning into her and softly kissing her tender lips.



**21**
Moving swiftly down the bank, my body feeling refreshed and full of energy despite my lack of sleep, I work my way back along the soggy trail while noticing that all but the occasional patch of snow has already melted.
Suddenly, the sound of a racing engine assails my ears and then just as quickly dies away. Stepping off the main trail, I skirt along the edge of the old growth trees, making quick time. When I hear the engine roaring again, it is just ahead of me at less than one-hundred yards. This time, when the engine dies down, I can make out men's angry voices. Although I can't distinguish their actual words, they are clearly arguing and upset about something.
They're stuck!
Glancing back the way I'd come, I'm relieved to note that the tent and suburban are beyond a gradual bend in the trail and out of sight. Crossing the trail, I ascend a small hillock and continue on beyond it while gradually working my way south and deeper into the cover of the terrain before working my way along parallel to the trail. Moving quickly for fear they will get their vehicle moving again or send a scouting party on ahead of where they're stuck, I angle back toward the trail and bring myself to a point within one hundred feet of their location.
There is a small creek running along to my left and intersecting with the road. Last night this creek was barely soggy. However, when the party following us early this morning tried to cross it, it was almost twelve inches deep and the ground beneath it a blend of saturated clay muck. Instead of bucking through it like we'd done earlier, they sank up to the frame in the muck beneath the water. When they opened their doors to get out, the water in the creek began running in one door and out the other, leaving them all with wet feet and stranded.
Working stealthily along the edge of the small depression that's not filled with water, I manage to get into a position where I can study them without being seen. All five men are dressed differently, their tastes ranging from casual jeans and green hunting slickers to grunge and worse. They are not government agents or employs of the casino. And they are not armed like hunters. While one stands watch with a nine-millimeter Uzi, at least one of the two groveling in the mud in an attempt to dig out the tires is wearing a shoulder holster, the nickel plated weapon almost falling out of the holster from not being properly fitted to his slender body.
As I am about to retreat and head back to Eddy and Kelly, a sixth man emerges from the trees on the far side of the trail, his hands busily zipping up his fly. Freezing in my tracks, I study him closely while wishing I had thought to bring a pair of binoculars.
There is something familiar about the man and not just because he is dressed completely different from the others in his dark suit and black loafers. I know him from somewhere in my past. That bald head and dark goatee might be the latest fashion trend among the cartel, but there is still something about him that sets him apart.
Instead of retreating, I study the group a moment longer to learn their hierarchy and weaknesses. The familiar man in the suit is definitely the leader. Another man, also dressed a little better than the others, seems to be his second in command and the driver of the stuck SUV.
Satisfied that they aren't going anywhere soon, I slip back along the bank of the small creek until I am safely clear of them and then set off at a fast clip through the woods. This time I head in a straight line for Eddy and Kelly as there is no chance of being seen. In the back of my mind, I am certain that I know the mysterious man from somewhere while consciously, I am caught up in thoughts of this morning and my time spent with Eddy.
It was like old times, and it felt good. It felt right! It was as if nothing had changed in our time apart. And yet, so much is different. We are not the same people we were back then.
Plagued by these thoughts, I miss the shallow dip concealed beneath a covering of fallen pine needles and woodsy debris and lose my footing, the sudden drop beneath my right foot sending me sprawling forward. Reflexively, I put out my hands to break my fall, but it is too late and my right ankle is forced beyond its normal range of motion, the toes coming back almost to the shin.
Rolling onto my side, I grab my ankle with both hands and pull my knee up against my chest in a futile effort to stem the sharp pain. Gritting my teeth against it, I lie motionless for a long moment while listening intently to the surrounding woods and the sound of slogging feet approaching along the trail.
Yet, that doesn't make sense! Even if the men from the SUV had started out along the trail at the same moment that I turned back toward Eddy and Kelly, they couldn't be this close so soon.
Hurriedly, I run my fingers along the length of my foot and ankle, experience telling me that nothing is broken. Forcing the pain to the back of my mind, I roll over onto my knees and study the trail off to my left, toward the stuck SUV.
Sure enough, it is four of the men from the stuck vehicle. Neither the driver nor the bald man in the suit is with them and they are coming at a trot, their weapons held at the ready.
My first thought is an ambush. But even if I am correct and they are cartel thugs, I will be lucky to take out two of them before the others can turn their automatic weapons on me. The cover isn't that good here and even if they're lousy marksmen, with the amount of lead they'll be laying down it only takes one unfortunate bullet to find its mark and it'll be all over for me.
On top of that, if Eddy hears gunfire, instead of making a run for it with Kelly, she'll come to my assistance which could be fatal for her as well.
With limited options, I think fast and determine that an ambush is out of the question. Moreover, with my game ankle, there is little chance of getting back to Eddy and Kelly ahead of them. Somehow, I must slow them down while allowing myself a chance to stay ahead of them. Yet, if I allow them to pin me down, I might as well go down shooting. With their overwhelming firepower, I will be a sitting duck.
Ignoring the pain, I rise to my feet and test the ankle. It is extremely tender, bringing tears to my eyes when I put my weight on it. But there is no other choice. Even now, the swelling is pressing against the tightly laced boot, visibly stretching the leather outwards. If not for the boot, it would not support my weight.
Gingerly, I take a few short steps and find the pain almost unbearable. If not for the pain, it would be like trying to walk with a cement ankle bracelet. With the pain, it is nigh impossible. And so I continue forward, each step an agonizing torture causing me to wonder how far I will get before it gives out completely.
To my surprise, the men have slowed to a slogging walk, confident that their boss can't see them and unaware of their close proximity to their quarry. Reaching the last bend in the trail where the tent and suburban are now visible at the top of the incline, I am relieved to note that the tent is no longer standing.
But what is that? Exhaust from the suburban! What is Eddy up to? Surely, they didn't start the suburban because they'd gotten cold waiting for me! Eddy isn't that stupid.
Standing in the middle of the trail, cold beads of perspiration running down my face from the pain and the exertion, I turn back toward the south and the approaching men. They haven't reached the bend in the trail yet, but they can't be far behind. Turning back toward the suburban, I realize that they will see me long before I can make it to the top, even if it wasn't for my bum ankle slowing me down.
If they spot me halfway between the bend in the trail and the top of the incline and Eddy doesn't run when the shooting starts, her nine-millimeter doesn't have enough range to assist me. I would feel much more comfortable if we had a rifle for her to give me cover fire. But alas, we don't. And while their 9mms won't have the range to reach the suburban, they will reach me. 
At that moment, the first of the men comes around the bend in the trail, a distance of almost three hundred feet. When he suddenly pulls up and begins yelling incoherently to the others, I know he has spotted either me or the suburban or both. Within a second or two, the others come running around the bend to join him. Because I am standing in the middle of the trail in a bright yellow rain slicker, they are momentarily confused and not sure if they should open fire or continue forward until within easy range of their weapons.
While they argue between themselves, I too must make a decision. As if on cue, I am suddenly aware of the suburban's engine climbing in tempo. Spinning about, it is with mixed emotions that I see the vehicle backing dangerously fast down the incline toward me. The rear tailgate is hanging open and there are two heads silhouetted against the windshield, both looking back at me.
"What the Hell are you thinking?" I cuss under my breath, both proud and afraid for her.
As I watch, the suburban careens from one side of the trail to the other, mud and debris flying from the spinning wheels. It goes through my mind that if she loses control and puts it off the trail, we are all goners.
Broken from their moment of indecision by the start of the suburban down the incline, the men open fire with their automatics and Uzi's. The shockwaves of bullets passing over my head and striking the muck around me stirs me to action likewise. Spinning back toward the approaching men, I drop to one knee and with calm determination, level the nine-millimeter on the one in the lead and with my sights almost a foot above his head to compensate for the range, squeeze the trigger.
The weapon bucks once, twice, three times in my hand. As the man falls, I rise and break into a wobbly attempt at running. To my amazement, the suburban is still on the trail and coming at me fast.
Something bites at my right arm that causes a shot of numbness to shoot through my elbow and down my fingertips and I almost drop the weapon. Reflexively, I shift it to my left hand while suddenly spinning around and opening fire again, this time not wasting time to find an actual target but just shooting wildly to disrupt them and throw them off balance. It's amazing how differently men will react when their target starts throwing lead back at them. To my surprise, another of them spills face first into the trail and then my weapon strikes against an empty chamber.
With an empty weapon and no time to reload, I turn back toward the suburban just in time to see it sliding toward me at an alarming rate of speed, all four tires sliding through the slick muck. Reflexively, I leap at the open rear end of the suburban and am instantly engulfed within the bed. If I had not turned around when I had, the momentum of the vehicle would have carried it right over me.
In almost that same instant, the windshield suddenly bursts outward, a bullet finding its way through the vehicle from one end to the other and miraculously not striking any of us.
Jamming the transmission into drive, Eddy floors the accelerator. If not for the poor traction beneath the four wheels, I would have been dumped out the back from the momentum. Clamoring forward, I grab the headrest of the rear seat and hang on. But I quickly realize that Eddy had another plan in the works before descending the hill as Kelly hands me Eddy's nine-millimeter. It doesn't escape my notice either that in her other hand is Eddy's thirty-two. Eddy probably gave it to her for her own personal protection. I can only hope that she also made certain the girl knew how to use it and doesn't blow my head off in all the excitement.
Turning around, I brace a foot against either side of the rear compartment and assess the remaining threat. The two remaining men have halted their advance and are simply shooting with reckless abandon. Bullets are striking the suburban, ricocheting off the roof, and pinging loudly when striking metal straight on.
Ascending the hill is much slower than the descent, and I feel exposed and vulnerable, knowing that our luck isn't going to hold out forever. At any moment, another bullet could find its way inside the vehicle and take out more than the windshield. If something happens to either Eddy or Kelly, I will never be able to forgive myself.
Subconsciously, I study the range while feeling bolstered by the fact that the two remaining shooters have stopped advancing and are now stationary targets. The slowness of the suburban's ascent is also making for a much smoother ride, nothing that an experienced combat fighter can't adjust for.
Falling back on my many years of training and experience, I draw a bead on the shooter to my right and then raise my aim to compensate for the range and slight decline in elevation, a compensation that only experience can accomplish so effortlessly.
Gently, I squeeze the trigger and then jerk when a bullet strikes the back of the seat to my right, tearing through the slicker before doing so. As my bullet goes wide right and high, I spin around, my concern for Eddy overwhelming all other thought.
But she seems impervious to the close call, concentrating completely on the trail ahead of her. "Bastards," I mutter, spinning back around and letting off a rapid succession of five shots, each one drawing a tighter bead on the shooter to the right.
Although he is falling after the third shot which struck him in the midsection, I continue shooting, the fourth sending up a vapory mist of blood and bone from the top of his skull while the fifth strikes him in the side of the neck on his descent to the wet ground.
Adjusting my aim to the left, my target is suddenly lost from view as we crest the incline and accelerate beyond. For good measure, Eddy continues on at a high rate of speed for approximately a half mile before slowing to a stop.
"Don't you dare pull a stunt like that again!" I shout at Eddy, climbing out the back of the suburban and noticing for the first time that my right arm is stiff at the elbow and my ankle all but forgotten from the onrush of adrenaline.
But before I can give it anymore thought, Kelly suddenly screams, her voice on the verge of panic. "Mac, come quick, it's Eddy!"
Fearing the worst, I hobble around to the driver's side and jerk open the driver's door to find Eddy slumped against the steering wheel. Her face is ashen, her eyelids fluttering as they struggle to stay open.
"What happened?" Kelly cries out, sitting sideways on the seat to face Eddy.
Glancing behind her, I see the bullet hole where it passed through the rear seat and entered the front; the same bullet that tore a hole through the bright yellow slicker.
Putting my hands beneath her armpits, I gently lift her from the seat while ordering Kelly to retrieve the first aid kit and find the bottle of rum. As I slide an arm around her waist to lift her, I feel the warmth of her blood as it oozes at an alarming rate from a point just above her waist and to the right of her spine. "Oh Eddy," I cry, fighting back fears of the worst kind.
"I'll be okay," she says weakly, her eyes still unfocused and fluttering. "I just need a little sleep, okay?"
"You can sleep later!" I sternly command. "Right now, I need you to stay here with me." Instead of answering, she slips from consciousness. "Eddy!" I call out. Carrying her around to the rear of the suburban, I notice Kelly has already laid out a heavy layer of the bedding and is waiting inside on her knees with the first aid kit set to the side.
"How is she?" Kelly asks, genuine concern in her voice.
"I won't know until we get her clothes off and I can inspect the wound," I absently remark, placing Eddy down gently on her stomach to keep the wound facing up.
Without being asked, Kelly immediately sets to work pulling the jacket up and off Eddy, being extremely careful not to jostle her anymore than absolutely necessary.
"Here, this might help," I say, offering her the survival knife from my waist.
Without hesitation, she inserts the blade between Eddy's soft skin and the blood-soaked jeans and pulls the blade up toward her while slicing cleanly through the denim material. When I reach in and start to pull the bloodied jeans further down Eddy's backside and expose the smooth firm flesh of her ass, Kelly grabs my right hand firmly with her free hand and looks my in the eye while saying with determination, "That won't be necessary."
Humbled by the young girl's words, I take a step back and turn toward our back trail in frustration and helplessness. For a brief moment, I'm torn between a need to go back and finish off the bastards that injured Eddy and a greater need to help her.
"We don't have much time before they'll come after us," I advise Kelly, speaking to her as an equal and not a young kid.
"Then you better see what you can do about this and fast," she angrily replies, her eyes locked on the purple and black bullet hole that's oozing a dark crimson fluid from Eddy's back. At first glance, the hole that isn't any bigger than a pencil in diameter, doesn't look like much. But to an experienced eye as mine, there isn't any hiding all the damage that might be lying just beyond the entry wound.
Kelly's anger isn't directed at me, but the people that did this to her newly found friend and confidant.
Climbing into the back of the suburban, I notice that she is turning to climb out, the thirty-two revolver tucked in her waist band. "I'm going to need your help," I start, catching her eye before adding, "There will be time for that later."
"This is my fault and I know what to do about it," she says angrily, her eyes blazing.
"I've no doubt that you do. But right now, Eddy needs us more than we need killing them."
At just that moment, Eddy stirs as she regains consciousness. "Where am I?" she mumbles, trying to roll over and rise off the bedding.
"Don't move, Eddy," I calmly reply, placing a restraining hand on her shoulder. "You've been shot and we're inspecting the wound. Do you understand what I'm telling you?"
"Yeah, I've been shot and you're taking advantage of me," Eddy retorts, trying to be lighthearted about the whole thing. "How's Kelly? Is she okay?"
"I'm right here, Eddy. And I'm fine. You got us out of there like a pro," the girl quips, her eyes belying her fear and uncertainty.
"I am a pro. Isn't that right Mac?"
"Yes, you're a pro, Eddy," I concur with pride. "You'd be proud of the way your girl here has been acting. I think she has the potential to be a pro too," I add for Kelly's benefit.
Kelly can only smile at the compliment, not trusting that her voice won't crack. "You have the bottle?" I softly ask of her. When she hands it to me with an accusing grimace, I quickly turn to Eddy and say, "Eddy, I need you to take a swallow of medicine. Can you do that for me?"
"Sure," she weakly replies, turning her head to my side.
"Here, as much as you can drink," I offer, holding the bottle to her lips.
To my surprise, she takes several large swallows before coughing and spitting back. "Are you thirsty?" I ask of her, concerned that she might be suffering from internal injuries.
"No, I just figured I better get as much of it in me as I can before you lay your greedy lips to it," she smirks, the rum giving her a moment of strength.
Handing the bottle back to Kelly, she smiles sheepishly back at me as she accepts it and screws the cap on. Retrieving the antiseptic from the first aid kit, I dampen a piece of gauze and use it to cleanse the area surrounding the entry wound. When the bullet hole is clearly exposed, it is with some relief that I discover the flow of blood has staunched itself and is barely draining from it any longer.
"We need to roll her up on her side for a moment," I instruct Kelly, pressing tenderly at the flesh around the wound to force more blood and goo out.
"That hurts," Eddy moans softly, her voice slightly slurred, but not from alcohol.
"Then this is going to hurt even more," I advise her, nodding toward Kelly to start moving her. Although we are as gentle as is humanly possible, Eddy cries out sharply from the pain before fainting. "That's probably best," I mutter to Kelly.
Using my right hand, I press along Eddy's right side, trying to follow the trajectory of the bullet by the damage to the flesh. When my fingers have almost come all the way around her waist, I suddenly feel the hard copper clad bullet wedged just beneath the skin. Surprised by our good fortune, if it can be called such, I instruct Kelly to hold her in position while I reach into the first aid kit and find a surgical scissors. Although I would much rather have a scalpel since the scissors is more often used for cutting tough material into bandages, beggars can't be choosey.
"What are going to do with those?" Kelly pipes up, concerned.
With Kelly holding the unconscious Eddy steady, I hurriedly pour antiseptic over the blades of the scissors and then using another piece of gauze, sterilize the area where I can feel the bullet. "I'm going to cut the bullet out. It's right under the skin here. She got lucky in that it wasn't a hollow point or it might have mushroomed all through her insides. The damage would have been really bad. As it is, the bullet feels intact," I continue, indicating the area where I feel it. "We need to do this while she is unconscious, cause I'm not sure I can do it to her while her tongue is working."
To my surprise, Kelly calmly remarks, "You'll do just fine."
"You're an amazing kid, Kelly," I compliment her while using my left hand to locate the bullet again and then press against it to force it up against the outer layer of skin. Eddy squirms in her sleep from the pain. "Your father must be really proud of you," I continue, keeping Kelly's mind occupied to reduce the shock of what she is about to experience.
"Most times, I don't think he even remembers that he has a daughter," she says, her thoughts drifting away.
"Don't underestimate a father's love," I continue, glad that she is distracted for the moment. And then, "Take her hands in yours and hold steady now." Before the girl realizes it, I slice into Eddy's lower belly, just barely cutting through the skin and the upper layer of flesh. A freshet of blood erupts and Kelly involuntarily gasps. For a moment, I fear that she's going to pass out. But then just as quickly catches herself and remains steady. "Very good. I'm really proud of you. Just a moment longer, then you can get yourself some air."
"I'm fine," she states matter-of-factly.
Ignoring her, I feel the bullet between my fingers and try moving it to the slight opening that I've created. But it refuses to move while caught in the ravaged tissue of the wound surrounding it. Trying not to show my concern, I calmly say instead, "Here we go, just a little bit further now."
When it won't budge despite my best efforts, I pick up the knife lying on the bedding and gently insert it into the wound I've created, trying to create a clear path for the bullet to slide through.
But the blade is too wide and I quickly realize that forcing it will only create more problems for Eddy and a larger wound that will require stitches. My only alternative is to insert the scissors into the wound and cut toward the bullet, when Kelly suddenly interrupts my thoughts. "Here," she says, holding a plastic set of tweezers out toward me.
Accepting the proffered tool, I smile proudly at her and dip them in the antiseptic. With a steadiness born of experience, I insert the sterilized tweezers through the slit until they are against the bullet. Holding the bullet in place with my left hand, I force the tweezers around the shape of the bullet, more concerned about the time it's taking than the bruising that will color up later from my heavy handedness.
With a tug, the bullet breaks free and I carefully extract it through the slit in her belly. "Here," I say, holding it out to Kelly. "Hold onto it for her."
Gingerly, the girl accepts the bloody, gore covered bullet in a bare hand while holding Eddy steady with the other. Although the wound continues bleeding, I can tell that it's superficial. If the bullet had remained inside her, it might have become infected. But with the bullet out and no obvious damage to any internal organs, the worst of the damage was the initial shock to her system.
"It's important that we keep the wounds clean until they can heal. But she is through the worst of it," I tell Kelly, noticing the pale pallor of her complexion. "Hand me the bottle, please."
When she does as instructed, I remove the cap and hand it back to her. "Here, you earned it," I say, looking on with a smile as she puts the bottle to her lips and takes a long draft.
"You too," she says, handing the bottle back. And then adds with a mischievous smile, "I promise, I won't tell Eddy."
"Thank you," I reply. "But I don't plan on keeping any secrets from her, if you know what I mean."
We smile knowingly at each other for a brief moment, and then while I apply bandages to the wound and wrap them with a torn sheet tied around her middle to hold them in place, Kelly gently rolls and turns Eddy as needed. When we are finished, she wipes the contents of the first aid kit and closes the lid before setting it aside with the bottle of rum.
"I'm going to get that air now," she says, climbing out the back of the suburban.
Climbing out beside her, I say, "Stay here with her. I'm going to hurry back toward the ridge and see what our friends have been up to."
When I glance at her, I notice that she is looking down at my ankle. "I don't think you're going to be hurrying anywhere soon. Not on that foot."
Looking down at my ankle, which I had all but forgotten about in all the excitement and concern for Eddy, I am shocked at how the leather of the hiking boot has stretched outward. "We need to look after that," she states matter-of-factly.
"Just as soon as I return," I state equally matter-of-factly.
"Eddy said you were a stubborn bastard. She sure wasn't kidding."
Turning, I say over my shoulder, "No, she wasn't."



**22**
Hobbling, the pain almost unbearable, I work my way back the way we'd come just as quickly as I can. My thoughts are mixed with fear for Eddy's wellbeing and a growing concern that the others might get their SUV unstuck at any moment and come chasing after us. As I walk, I replenish the spent bullets in the clip and slip it back into the weapon with a sharp click. My right elbow is stiff, but not seriously injured. The bullet must have ricocheted off a rock buried in the mud. Fortunately, it had lost most of its momentum before striking my elbow as it doesn't feel as if it even broke the skin.
Carrying the fully loaded nine-millimeter in my left hand, my mind turns to our options. One thing we hadn't anticipated was such a quick turnout of people hunting us. I believed we had time enough to reach the coast before any serious search could be mounted. Making matters worse, they now know for sure where we are and could bring in reinforcements via helicopter. With Eddy laid up in the back of the suburban, a high speed chase through the woods is out of the question. And strapping a seat belt around her waist isn't an option either. Our only chance at getting away from these guys is either through killing them all or through losing them in the myriad of logging roads that we should be encountering soon. In hind sight, we should have kept moving last night.
Yet, as quick as the thought enters my mind, I toss it out. With Eddy in need of rest, traveling through the night wasn't an option.
Heading back to where their SUV is stuck in the creek bed, I suddenly wonder if I'm doing the right thing. It was a gut reaction to leave Kelly babysitting Eddy while I hike back to investigate and get an update about the men pursuing us. But if the truth be known, I'm only doing it because I know myself well enough to know that I wouldn't be able to sit there idly waiting for Eddy's wounds to congeal enough to stand up to the jostling of riding in the back of the suburban.
Yet, what I'm doing is risking all of us to unnecessary danger. If they get the SUV free from the quagmire any time soon, they will catch me out in the open on foot and not much of a chance of outrunning them with this bum ankle. I should be standing guard over Kelly and Eddy, both of whom are depending on me now.
As I near the crest of the incline, I crouch down and hobble over to the side of the trail, not sure what to expect. The only sounds are those of the forest; the wind rustling through the leaves, little critters hunting for lunch and the sound of creaking leather. This last from the swaying of trees as their limbs rub against each other in the gentle breeze.
Reaching the crest, I slowly creep forward with the nine-millimeter held at the ready. But when I can see clear to the bend, I see nothing but a deserted trail. Even the bodies are gone. Rising to my full height, I'm leaning ever so slightly to my left in a subconscious effort to alleviate some of the weight from my right ankle. "Well, I guess it isn't necessary to go any farther. They didn't leave any weapons or ammo behind if they didn't leave the bodies behind," I say aloud to the surrounding emptiness.
Turning back toward the suburban, I slowly set off as the pain in my ankle becomes the main focus of my being. When I am less than halfway back, I notice Kelly standing up on the tailgate looking toward me. Smiling, I wave at her. At first she doesn't respond. And then she does something completely unexpected. Waving her arms out to her sides to make sure she has my attention, she then points past me.
Following the direction of her hand, I turn back toward the crest of the incline and notice a dense cloud of smoke rising above the trees just beyond it. For a moment, I stand there staring and confused while wondering why they would build a campfire at this time of the day. Judging by the cloud enshrouded sun, it isn't even mid-morning.
When the smoke grows thicker, I suddenly figure it out. The oldest trick in the book that was used by Native Americans even before white men knew of this wonderful country. Smoke signals!
"They're in contact with air surveillance!" I hiss through clenched teeth. The smoke is to mark their position so that air patrol can pinpoint ours. "Damn it!" I curse.
Hobbling as fast as I can, I race back toward the suburban. If they've sent up smoke, the bird must be awful damn close. "Will it be a helicopter or a small plane?" I absently wonder, a plan of action already taking shape in my head depending on which.
Seeing the frantic nature of my retreat back to the suburban, Kelly swiftly jumps into action. Using the rest of the bedding and sleeping bags, she packs Eddy as tightly in the back of the suburban as is humanly possible to prevent her moving around. Next, she climbs into the driver's seat and starts the engine. When I am less than one-hundred feet from her, she jumps out and secures the tailgate before and then gets back in the driver's seat. Putting the vehicle in reverse, she slowly backs up to meet me.
"Move over," I command, opening the driver's door.
"You can't drive with that foot," she defiantly argues. "Eddy can't be jostled any more than absolutely necessary and right now that means I'm driving. Plus, you're probably a better shot than I am." When I stand there staring at her dumbfounded, she adds with finality, "We don't have time to argue who's a better shot right now so get in or I'm leaving you behind!"
Acutely aware of the time needlessly slipping away, I push the door shut in a huff and hurry around the front to the passenger's side. As I climb in, she apologetically says, "We might need your marksman skills and you can't drive and shoot at the same time."
"You'd be surprised what I can do," I argue, though my voice carries no conviction. She has a good point and I'm thankful that one of us is thinking clearly.
Putting the vehicle in drive, she eases down on the accelerator and we slowly creep forward. Although she tries to avoid the rocks and potholes in the trail, every little bump and jolt seems exaggerated by the rocking and rolling of the suburban.
Although the trees are less than a half mile distant, they might as well have been on the far side of the moon. Every ticking second, every bump and grind that slows our progress brings the hunters that much closer. At any moment, a gunship full of armed banditos might come charging out of the sky with guns blazing and find us with nowhere to hide.
"Step it up a little, Kelly," I whisper through clenched teeth, my eyes scanning the sky in all directions.
"If we go any faster, we'll do her more harm than already has been done," Kelly calmly replies.
"Go faster," a voice from behind us suddenly pipes up. "I'll be fine."
Though she has no idea what is happening, she woke up realizing that we are in danger and need to get out of this area in a hurry. "Not you too!" Kelly calls over her shoulder, exasperated.
We are almost to the tree line when a black helicopter suddenly drops down in front of us and flies past just above the ground in a heading toward the crest, the steady whine of the twin turbines and whirring blades almost deafening.
"Where's it going?" Kelly asks, thinking it might not have seen us.
Though I don't want to scare her even though she has proven herself capable of dealing with surprises very well, I simply reply. "It's going to pick up their ringleader."
"Are you sure it even saw us?" she asks, hoping for the best.
In the split seconds that it rushed by, I had made eye contact with the pilot. There is no doubt in my mind what they are doing. "Oh yes, they saw us alright."
"Then maybe I do need to go a little faster," she says in a serious tone of voice before putting a little more pressure on the pedal.
Just as we reach the trees and the protection of the canopy, I see the chopper rising from below the incline. "How are you doing back there, Eddy?" I ask, concerned that the jouncing of the vehicle the last few minutes might have been a little hard on her.
When she doesn't answer, I tell Kelly to stop as soon as we're well within the cover of the trees. Though she doesn't say anything, I can see the growing concern on her face. Through the treetops, I see the shadow of the black bird flying overhead, probably looking for a clearing ahead of us in which to land and offload the thugs so they can set up an ambush. If they get the SUV unstuck, they'll have us in a crossfire.
"This is good," I say, throwing open the door and jumping out even before it comes to a complete stop.
The pressure on my ankle reminds me that I am not one-hundred percent. But I ignore the pain and hurry around to the back of the suburban and drop the tailgate. Climbing in, I notice Kelly is already standing beside me. As soon as I get up beside Eddy, Kelly moves in on the other side of her. Pulling the blankets aside, I notice that her wound hasn't bled anymore and I take a moment to relish the relief that courses through me.
"How are you feeling, Eddy? My driving isn't too rough for you, is it?" Kelly cheerfully asks, touching Eddy's head with the back of her hand to check for a fever.
Slowly, Eddy opens her eyes and looks up, her face an ashen hue with a bead of sweat on her brow. "Did you two leave me any of the rum?" she asks with a forced smile.
"Eddy, you know I'm too young to be drinking," Kelly theatrically replies, smiling mischievously. "Besides, everyone knows you shouldn't drink and drive."
"So, I guess I'm getting credit for the vanishing rum," I grumble good-naturedly. Retrieving the bottle, I uncap it and place it against her lips. She takes a couple of little sips and then turns her head away. "Would you like some water to wash it down?" I ask.
"Please."
"Kelly," I say, indicating for her to locate a canteen.
Reaching over the back of the rear seats, Kelly lifts up a silver thermos that I hadn't seen before. "What's that?" I ask, surprised that one or the both of them had held out on me.
"Soup. Something I whipped up the last chance I had in the kitchen after father told me that I was to be going on a trip," Kelly replies defensively. "I had planned to surprise you both by heating it over an open fire and pretending to have concocted it with local ingredients scrounged from the forest. But I don't see that happening now," she adds resignedly.
"I can't wait," Eddy says weakly. "I'm sure it's delicious."
Unscrewing the cap and pouring a small amount into it, she hands it to me to hold to Eddy's lips. "Looks like chicken noodle," I comment. "Sure smells good," I add with sincerity.
Sipping at the cool broth, Eddy immediately says, "It is even better than it smells."
Blushing, Kelly shyly replies to our compliments, "I'm sure it would be a lot better if it were warm. But I'm glad you like it." Her voice serious, she meets my gaze and adds, "It would probably be best if we saved this for Eddy. The salt and nutrients are a good addition to simply drinking water."
"Couldn't agree with you more," I smile. When Eddy finishes the small amount in the cup, I instruct Kelly to keep feeding her. "Give her as much as she can hold down and no more. We don't want her getting sick. I'm going to do a little scouting before we go any further."
Concerned, Kelly looks at me and asks, "Are you sure it's wise to be using that ankle anymore than necessary?"
"This is necessary," I calmly state. "Besides, I don't have to drive," I add with a conspiratorial wink to Eddy before slipping out the back of the suburban.
Before going any further, I slip the nine-millimeter from the holster and check the loads out of habit. I have a full clip, one in the chamber and at least forty more rounds in my jacket pocket. Since the rain has stopped or isn't penetrating through the canopy, I opt to remove the slicker. "I can move better without this brightly colored cumbersome thing," I absently comment when I see Kelly looking questioningly at me.
After throwing the slicker into the back of the suburban, I turn around and head back in the direction from which we'd just come. It seems that if we're in any immediate danger, it will be coming from behind us whereas the danger ahead will be waiting for us.



**23**
We hadn't gone very far into the cover of the forest after leaving the open meadow behind and it takes just a few minutes to reach a position of concealment that affords me an unobstructed view across the open meadow. To my relief, it doesn't appear they left anyone on the ground to follow us. This could be in part because I decimated their original number. It could also be an indication of their confidence in laying a trap for us to drive into. My initial gut reaction is to turn the suburban around and retreat back the way we'd come. But then I just as quickly dismiss the idea. Even if they didn't leave anyone on our back trail, we'll never get by their stuck SUV in the shallow creek bed. And when we don't eventually show up where they're expecting us, they'll back track too.
Rising, I glance down at the ugly swelling of my ankle, the pain a steady throb that pulses up and down with every beat of my heart. I can ignore the pain but I can't make my leg do what it's not capable of and at the least opportune moment, it might decide not to cooperate at all.
At the very least, my reduced mobility will affect any plans I make, including the one that is taking shape in my head at this very moment.
Now that I know we don't have an encroaching threat to our rear, I can concentrate on advancing forward. If I was in perfect nick, I would scout ahead and leave the girls with the suburban. After locating the enemy, I would attack from cover. Using my skill and training, I could dart in and silently taking them out one at a time until there are none left.
But I am not in good nick. With this bum ankle, they will hear me approaching from much too great a distance to have any hope at surprising them. Yet, I must locate them before they realize we are anywhere near. And in order to do that, I must scout ahead on foot; there isn't any alternative to that.
With Kelly driving the suburban, they can follow me at a safe distance while I leave markers along the trail so they know I am still ahead of them and everything is all right. Once the enemy is located, and I must refer to them as the enemy because that is what they are, we can wait until we have the cover of dark before taking action. What that action will consist of depends entirely on the total enemy numbers and the lay of the land.
In short, I will finalize my plan when I see what we are up against.
When I draw within sight of the suburban, Kelly climbs down from inside and starts toward me, "We're clear behind us. They didn't leave anyone behind as far as I can tell."
"Then let's turn around and go back the way we came," she says excitedly.
"I already had that thought, but we'll never get around their SUV in the creek bed," I reply. "How's Eddy doing?"
"She's sleeping for now," she states calmly. And then, her voice more wistful, she says, "I had a boyfriend once that was into off-roading. Granted, he preferred playing in the sand at the Oregon Dunes by Coos Bay, but when we couldn't get away, he still took me for rides out in farmer's fields when they were muddy. He used to drive through some fairly deep muck. Are you sure we can't get past where they're stuck?"
"Even if we were sure we could get this city-dweller's off-road rig past their SUV, they have probably got more reinforcements coming up the road behind it. We'll just be going from one fire into another," I tell her, trying to let her down easy. "Besides, the ones coming up behind them are probably better prepared for off-roading than the original bunch."
"Yeah," she sighs resignedly. "I hadn't considered that. I was just thinking if we could get back to the casino, daddy would know what to do."
"Your daddy knew what he was doing when he hired Eddy to protect you," I remark just a little too defensively.
If she picked up on the tone in my voice, she doesn't acknowledge it. Instead, she simply remarks, "Yeah, I know."
"Come on, let's get some food into these empty stomachs," I suggest, changing the subject.
"Sure, but then what?"
"I've got a few ideas, so don't go worrying your pretty little head," I tease. "I think I saw a few things in there that won't need a campfire to prepare," I quickly add before she can continue.
"Yeah, MRE's," she grunts, pulling out a nylon sack of small brown boxes of varying sizes. "How would you like a nice warm bag of clam chowder, yummy!" she sarcastically remarks while holding up one of the various boxes.
"Hey, don't knock them. In my day, it was C-rations. These are a vast improvement, trust me," I joke.



**24**
Using the enclosed heating pouches, we prepare two boxes and then sit in silence eating clam chowder from a bag with a plastic spork, our sarcasm of earlier having been replaced with the growing seriousness of our situation.
The food is a far cry from restaurant quality, but the box states that it is high in nutritional value and that is something we desperately need right now. Squeezing the last dregs of the chowder from my bag, my thoughts are interrupted by a question from Kelly, "How long do you think they'll wait for us to appear?"
It isn't necessary for her to explain her question, I understand full well that she is referring to the men in the helicopter and that if we don't make some kind of appearance, they will come looking for us. "A day tops," I state matter-of-factly.
Lowering her voice on the off-chance that Eddy might be listening in, she asks, "How long before Eddy will be up to traveling?"
"Fortunately, the wound isn't serious. Once her body gets over the shock of being struck by a bullet, she'll heal relatively quickly." I pause for a moment, looking into the back of the suburban but unable to see Eddy's face among the blankets. "She's a tough girl. She'll probably bounce back quicker than most under the circumstances."
Her voice barely a whisper, she says. "This is all my fault. If it wasn't for me, Eddy wouldn't have been shot in the first place."
"That's bullshit, Kelly," I sternly protest. "This is what we've chosen to do and if it weren't for people like your dad, we would be out of work. Don't ever blame yourself for the actions of others. You're a smart enough kid to know there will always be good people and bad people in this world. So long as you always try doing what's right, you'll be counted among the good people. You can't ask nor expect anymore than that."
"That seems like a very simplistic view on life, Mac," she smiles.
"That's just one of them. Hang around me long enough and you'll see I have a whole lot more," I smile back, delighted to see her laugh.
"He has a lot more bullshit too," Eddy suddenly adds from within the suburban, her face barely held above the blankets as she smiles toward Kelly and me.
Returning her smile, I'm relieved to notice the color returning to her cheeks. Instead of the ashen complexion of earlier, she is almost pink. Putting the waste containers in a discard bag, Kelly climbs into the back of the suburban and places the back of her hand against Eddy's forehead. "She's cool," she states over her shoulder, obvious relief in her voice. "Are you hungry?"
"Starving," she anxiously replies.
Retrieving the thermos of soup, Kelly asks if we can use one of the MRE heating pouches to warm some for her. "Absolutely," I reply, pulling one out of the nylon sack and handing it to her.
Within minutes, Kelly is hand feeding Eddy from a plastic pouch with a plastic spork. To my delight, Eddy is eating as fast as Kelly can feed her, which is a good sign. When the soup is gone and Eddy looks longingly at the empty pouch in Kelly's hand, I pass her a pack of saltines from the nylon bag. "Here, these are palatable."
After opening the tinfoil pouch containing the crackers, Kelly hands them to Eddy and lets her chew on them at her leisure. Between dry mouthfuls of the crackers, Kelly holds a canteen of water to her lips for her to wash them down. "I feel like an invalid," Eddy remarks, struggling to sit up.
Kelly quickly places a restraining hand on her shoulder, stating kindly, "Don't you worry about it. Mac says you'll be up and running in no time and then you can wait on us. Sound fair?"
The effort took quite a bit out of Eddy, and she falls back into the blankets, her voice strained, "Fair enough."
"Get some more rest and then we'll talk," I state, sensing that she is ready to doze off.
Within a matter of minutes, she is snoring loudly. Taking the disposable bag with our empty containers, I advise Kelly to keep a lookout and keep the gun handy, "I'm going to go bury this and scout up ahead."
"But I thought we were going to wait here until Eddy was up to traveling," she quickly argues, climbing out of the back of the suburban.
"We are, but I have an idea. Moreover, I want to make certain they aren't any closer than we realize." As I'm about to turn away, I suddenly stop and add, "While I'm gone, study Eddy's map. If you're going to be driving it might be worthwhile if you were at least somewhat familiar with the roads up ahead. When I get back, we'll exchange information."
"Gotchya," she nervously replies, looking on as I hobble up the trail.
When I've covered almost a quarter mile, having lost sight of the suburban within minutes of setting out due to the hilly and wooded terrain, I move off to the side of the trail and using my hands, dig a shallow grave and bury the bag of garbage. Rising, I look down at my right ankle, disappointed with myself for having injured it in the first place even though it wasn't intentional. Making matters worse, I realize that the pain is increasing instead of subsiding. Kelly is right; I should be staying off it.
But alas, that isn't going to happen anytime soon, so I might as well get the thought out of my head.
I cover almost another quarter mile when I notice a slight break in the terrain off to my right. Stopping to catch my breath and take the weight off my right ankle, I study the area for a full minute before I realize that I'm looking at a long abandoned skid road. Although quite a few saplings have grown back in the many years since it was last used, some nearing three-inches in diameter or better, the trail is still visible to someone experienced at tracking and paying attention to the natural flow of the terrain. "I wonder if this is on the map?" I say aloud to myself, my heart starting to beat faster with hope.
It was a foregone conclusion that the men hunting us are using the same county map for their source of information that we are and probably Google Earth imaging as well. But if this long abandoned trail isn't on the map, there's a good chance they don't know about it.
Yet, my excitement is tempered by the fact that even if the road proves passable, which in and of itself is highly unlikely due to rock slides and fallen trees, it might not lead anywhere. Many of these early logging roads led only so far as the logging operation and then simply dead ended. By following it, I might be boxing us in and yet, do we really have any other choice?
Of one thing I am definitely certain though, if we don't know where it leads, then our enemies won't either.
After studying it a moment longer to familiarize myself with its exact location, I continue on for another quarter mile or so before determining that I'm wasting time and accomplishing little more than aggravating my ankle. Although it would be to our advantage if we knew how far ahead of us they were lying in wait, it is information that we can live without for the time being; it's enough just knowing that they aren't too close.
As I turn back in the direction of the suburban, I notice the slant of the afternoon sky through the canopy changing toward evening. By the time I get back, we'll have just enough time to return to the abandoned road with the suburban before full dark settles in.
Hobbling past the junction on my way back, I stop again to study the terrain and the trees. "A chainsaw would be nice," I comment aloud, concerned that the saplings might be too much for the suburban to push through. "Well, we'll just have to cross that bridge when we get to it," I mumble to myself, setting off as quickly as my sore ankle will allow.
I've been talking to myself a lot lately, I silently muse. Maybe I need to start spending time with someone that will answer me objectively.
Nearing the suburban, I notice Kelly sitting in the driver's seat watching me. At my approach, she climbs out and starts toward me. "Did you see them?" she asks, her voice tinged with a mixture of trepidation and nervous excitement. "Are they very far ahead of us?"
"I didn't see anything," I answer, watching her visibly relax at the news. "How's Eddy doing?"
"She dozed off right after eating."
"That's probably for the best. She needs to rest. Did you check the bump on her noggin?" I ask, stepping around to the back of the rig.
"The swelling has gone down on her head," she says softly, her eyes going to my ankle. "But I see that it hasn't on your ankle."
"I'll be fine," I softly protest, climbing up into the rear of the suburban to check on Eddy.
"You need to stay off it for a while to let the swelling go down. All this hiking you're doing is only aggravating it," she continues arguing while climbing into the rear of the suburban with me.
Meeting her gaze, I firmly and yet gently state, "I'll be fine. Don't worry about me."
With a simple nod of her head, the subject is dropped and we turn our attention to Eddy. The bump on her head is looking much better with the swelling almost gone. All that remains is just a dull discoloration beneath her hair. The bullet wound also looks good. The discoloration is to be expected from all the bruising. But the blood has stopped seeping and the bandages look clean when I gently pull it aside. Because she is sleeping so soundly, I opt not to turn her over to inspect the exit wound. What I can see looks fine.
"She's doing well," I comment, retreating toward the rear of the suburban.
Sitting on the tailgate, Kelly takes up a position beside me. Her face clouded with concern and uncertainty. "Daddy said that I would only have to lay low for a week, two at the most. I thought it would be like going camping. I was so naïve. I feel like a stupid idiot."
"It'll be over before you know it," I reply encouragingly.
"And then what? I've read enough in the news to know that even after my dad has testified, they don't quit. What do we do after you and Eddy are gone? What then? Who's going to look out for us then?" she asks, her voice shaking with fear.
"There's always witness protection," I answer weakly, not believing for a minute that it's a viable option.
"Daddy will never give up the casino," she states defiantly, her mood swinging from fear to anger.
"No, you're probably right. And he shouldn't have to," I agree, not sure what I can say to ease her concerns. Once her father testifies, he and his daughter will never be safe, especially so if they remain at the casino. There are no easy solutions.
"But we can't stay there and pretend nothing happened. Every new face that comes through the door could be someone coming to kill him, or me," she continues, her voice fading with resignation.
"Your father is a smart and resourceful man, Kelly. I have no doubt that he's thought this through," I tell her, trying to assuage her fear and anger for the moment. "Just you wait. When it's safe to return, he'll have a plan to keep you and him safe."
When her face lights up with a knowing smile, a weight is lifted from my heart. "You're probably right," she agrees. "If daddy is anything, he is resourceful."



**25**
"What are you two chatty Cathy's going on about?" Eddy suddenly remarks from her nest within the blankets.
Simultaneously, Kelly and I turn around to see Eddy sitting upright with the blankets in a bunch on her lap and draped around her shoulders. "Did you have a nice nap?" I tease, happy to see her smile at the sarcasm in my voice.
"I had a wonderful nap," she hisses, pushing the blankets aside.
"Now that I know how to use the heating pouches, let me heat up the rest of the soup for you," Kelly offers, slipping to the ground and going around to the side door of the suburban.
"Oh, that sounds wonderful," Eddy smiles, stiffly climbing out onto the tailgate with my assistance and taking up the place where Kelly was just a moment before. When she notices how intently I'm studying her, she says in a conciliatory tone, her voice intentionally low, "I'm a little woozy, but I'm sure it'll pass just as soon as I get some fresh air and a little exercise."
"As soon as you finish eating, will you be up to traveling?" I ask, my concern not completely assuaged by her report.
"Bring me up to speed," she says softly, my left hand massaging the back of her neck.
"It doesn't appear that anyone is following us, so I'm assuming they're confident in simply setting an ambush and waiting up ahead. I scouted ahead almost half a mile and found no sign of them. Fortunately, the canopy in this rain forest is too dense for the helicopter to be effective," I add, holding back my discovery of the overgrown trail until I can check the map.
"Here you go," Kelly says with a smile, handing Eddy the entire thermos after heating the remaining soup in a pouch and then pouring it back into the thermos.
"Thank you," Eddy says, accepting the steaming container. "Did you really make this?" she asks, sipping straight from the neck.
"It's nothing, really. Just a simple blend of spices and vegetables cooked down to soften them." As an afterthought, she quickly adds, "I leave the vegetables in the water that I cook them so I'm not pouring any of the nutrients down the drain."
"You outdid yourself, dear," Eddy compliments her, sipping steadily at the broth.
"Could you get us the map, Kelly?"
"Sure," she eagerly replies, hurrying to the front door of the suburban and retrieving it from where it'd been left lying on the dash.
When she hands it to me, I flip it open while feeling their scrutiny on me. Already, daylight is quickly dwindling and dusk is moving thickly into the shadows. Laying the map out on the tailgate, Eddy hands the thermos back to Kelly and asks me, "What are you hoping to find?"
"It's what I'm hoping not to find."
"Surely, you've figured out that they have the same resources available to them that we have. If there's a road for us to take that will get us away from them, they already know about it," Eddy remarks, her voice tinted with exasperation.
"Actually, I'm looking for a road that if we're lucky, isn't on the map," I calmly reply, fueling her exasperation.
"That doesn't make any sense," Kelly cuts in, trying to remain noncommittal between Eddy and me and yet equally confused by my statement. "Why are you looking for something that isn't on the map?"
"Because I found an overgrown horse logging trail about a quarter-mile ahead," I finally offer after confirming my suspicion that it isn't on the latest county map. "It's going to be dicey travelling and since it's not on the map, we have no idea where it leads, if anywhere. But at least we can rest assured that our enemies don't know about it yet and that's an advantage we need right now."
"You say it's going to be dicey," Eddy chimes. "Are you sure it's even passable?"
"It has to be, Eddy. Right now, we don't have any other options," I reply with finality.



**26**
"How's your ankle?" Eddy asks, catching me off guard.
"It's fine," I defensively reply.
"No, it's not," Kelly pipes up, this time clearly siding with Eddy. "He's only saying that so we don't worry about him."
Smiling at Kelly, Eddy flippantly remarks, "Sounds to me like you two have been getting to know each other while I slept."
"Really, it's not as bad as it looks," I defensively protest.
Leaning over the edge of the tailgate for a better view, Eddy involuntarily inhales at the sight of my ankle. Slipping to the ground, she says authoritatively, "Hold still while I get the boot off."
"Leave it on, Eddy," I order. "Once it comes off, it's not going back on and I can't do what needs doing with only one boot on."
"It's cutting off the circulation in your foot," she determinedly argues. "Kelly, give me a hand here."
Between the two of them, I have no chance of winning the argument and keeping my boot on so I resign myself to gripping the edge of the tailgate and gritting my teeth against the pain that I know is coming. Once the overly taught laces are undone, Eddy grabs hold of the heel while Kelly steadies my calf. "This is going to hurt like Hell," Eddy states matter-of-factly. "There's no telling how long your foot has gone without proper circulation, so expect it to feel as if it's on fire when the blood starts flowing."
Turning to Kelly, she winks conspiratorially and then yanks viciously on the boot. To my good fortune, it slips easily from over the swollen foot and ankle and for the first few seconds I feel nothing. And then the pain begins.
"Damn!" I screech loudly, the sensation a hundred times worse than the pins and needles one feels after a limb has fallen asleep.
Ignoring my litany of cuss words, Eddy peels off the sock and immediately begins massaging the spongey and bloated flesh. "You're lucky," she says after a few minutes. "We caught it in time. If you had ignored this much longer, it's likely it would have turned necrotic and gangrene wouldn't have been far behind."
"Like I said," hissing through clenched teeth, "I was fine."
"Fine, my ass," Eddy retorts while continuing to massage the swollen foot and ankle.
"If I were ever to feel that fine, I would have to shoot myself," I sarcastically remark.
Pausing to roll her eyes up at me, I notice that she is looking much better. Her color is high and she seems more like her old self.
"As much as I enjoy all this attention, we need to get moving. Daylight is dwindling and we can't risk moving at night with the lights on. In fact," I add, twisting to the side so I can reach behind the taillight assembly and grab the exposed wires. "We don't want any brake lights coming on either."
With a jerk, I rip out the wires and incapacitate the rear lights on the driver's side of the rig. "Would you mind doing the same to that side, Kelly?" I ask, unable to reach across the width of the rear.
Reaching in, she finds the same wires and pulls. However, she doesn't have the strength to tear them loose and Eddy places a hand next to her and they pull together, ripping the wires free.
"What about the headlights?" Kelly asks.
"Leave them. One never knows if we'll need them or not and they shouldn't come on unless we turn them on. Oh, don't forget to pull the bulbs from the interior lights," I add, looking longingly at my boot lying on the ground.
"We'll have to leave it off till the swelling goes down," Eddy comments, following my gaze and retrieving the boot. "Can you reach the side door, or would it be easier for you to remain back here?"
Realizing my temporary shortcomings doesn't make it any easier to accept them. Taking the boot from her, I grumble sourly while gingerly slipping off the tailgate, ""I'll take the back seat. You two sort out who's driving and whose riding shotgun."
Moving with her old grace, Eddy slips under my right arm so I can rest my weight on her while moving to the side door. "Kelly will drive," she states, assisting me into the back seat. Although it goes against my nature to accept her help when my injury is so minor, I accept it for the sole reason of feeling her presence so near to me. As she leans in and her head is next to my face while settling my bulk down onto the back seat, I inhale deeply of her scent through my nose, savoring the aroma of stale sweat and fading perfume. Under any other circumstances, such odors would be offensive to the olfactory glands, especially if they were emanating from anyone else. But coming from Eddy, a rose couldn't have smelled sweeter.
While she's assisting me, Kelly packs up the rear and closes the tailgate. By the time Eddy gets around to the passenger's seat, Kelly has the suburban started and is eagerly waiting on her.
"The map," I state, more than ask.
Slipping it from her jacket pocket, Eddy hands it over the seat. Taking it from her, I unfold it and in the dim light, memorize the roads up ahead that are on it if we had the option of continuing beyond the trail I found.
"What are you doing?" Eddy asks when I remain silent for a while with my thoughts intent on the map.
"This map shows the contour and elevation gradients of the land as well as the old roads and established hiking trails," I start, turning the map so that she can see where my thumb is indicating. "If you notice this area here, about a quarter-mile ahead which also happens to be where I found the old skid road, the map shows a clearly defined ridge. I'm thinking that old trail might just follow along the base of this ridge, especially if it was made using horse-drawn log skids."
"Let's assume you're right," Eddy says, studying the map more carefully. And then, as if a light comes on, her expression changes and she smiles over the map at me while saying, "Then the trail you found will lead around the next junction on this road before rejoining it almost five-miles farther."
"What does that mean to us?" Kelly asks, infected by our sudden change of mood, but not understanding what has us so excited.
"Simply put, it means I didn't find us a dead end," I state rather glibly.
"But we don't even know if this thing will be able to navigate the trail. You said so yourself that it might be too overgrown," Kelly reminds us.
"If our hunch is correct, Kelly, we'll find a way to use it to our advantage. Trust me, this is what we do," Eddy says, her voice slightly animated.
"I sure hope you're right," the young girl concedes, her voice belying her uncertainty.
With Kelly at the wheel and Eddy sitting next to her in the passenger's seat, I'm twisting and turning like a second grader on a field trip trying to study the terrain surrounding us from the back seat. With dusk quickly closing in on us, we slowly advance through the woods with the suburban taking the rough road in stride.
Within a few minutes, we reach the branch of the forgotten skid road. "Right there," I excitedly point out, indicating the slight break in the terrain.
Tentatively, the excitement of earlier gone from her voice, Eddy says, "Are you sure this is the right place? Because I'm not seeing it."
Stopping the vehicle, Kelly looks past Eddy while also studying the overgrown trail. "I'm with you Eddy, I'm not seeing it either," she almost whispers, sensing the growing tension in the suburban.
"Enough with the negative energy," I scold from the back seat. "It might be a little rough going, but it's definitely a trail."
"It looked much more promising on the map and it isn't even on the map," Eddy sarcastically remarks.
"I'll tell you both what, I'll walk in front of the suburban while you two follow. If we have to turn on the front running lights, we will," I suggest, slightly peeved by their sudden showing of apprehension and doubt.
"We won't need the lights," Eddy finally says, still studying the area outside her window. "But I think I better take over the wheel from here on."
Simultaneously, all three of us open our doors. "You stay put," Eddy commands, noticing my door open.
"I thought maybe I should be up front to help guide you through the trees," I sheepishly argue.
"Kelly and I are quite capable of dodging nonmoving objects, thank you very much," she curtly replies.
I've no sooner pulled my foot back inside when Eddy pushes the door shut before climbing in behind the wheel. It isn't necessary for me to tell either of them not to slam the doors for fear of the sound carrying.
Before proceeding forward, Eddy backs up the suburban to get a better approach. When she pulls the lever into drive, I casually remark, "Try not to spin the wheels. The longer it takes them to figure out where we went the better."
In reply, she shakes her head exaggeratedly from side to side in exasperation causing Kelly to chuckle. "Do you two always act this way toward each other?" she asks, her attention concentrated on the ground in front of the suburban as Eddy slowly crawls toward the first obstacle, a three-inch plus sapling.
Skillfully, she maneuvers the suburban alongside the sapling while taking off the mirrors on either side as the vehicle scrapes between it and a heavily branched fir tree. Ignoring the damage to the vehicle, she calmly answers Kelly's question. "We're much worse when we don't have a witness."
Unable to resist, I quickly add, "Yeah, like when we're making love."
"Mac! She's just a child," Eddy scolds.
Laughing, Kelly quips, "Like earlier this morning?"
"Unfortunately, it's not what you think," I start. "I spent last night in the woods. Alone."
"Is that why I saw you climbing out of the tent this morning?" she asks, not ready to let it go.
"It's time to change the subject," Eddy sharply states. Referring to Kelly, she adds, "If you're not going to be any help up front, I might just let him change places with you."
Although her voice is curt and bordering on angry, Kelly and I break out laughing, enjoying Eddy's discomfort over her sex life being openly discussed. Stepping on the gas and turning the wheel hard to the right, Eddy mumbles under her breath, "You two are heading toward trouble if you don't watch out," referring to her wrath.
Just as quickly as she spun the wheel hard right, she spins it back the other way as the left front of the vehicle climbs over a fair sized rocky outcropping and then drops back down with a loud crashing sound. This action is immediately followed by the sound of scraping wood along the right hand rear of the vehicle.
"There goes the paint job," I nonchalantly remark.
"We need to get rid of the windshield," Eddy comments, straining to see ahead in the growing gloom of night through the bullet riddled and shattered safety glass.
"Anytime you want to stop, I'll see if I can pull the rest of it out," I offer.
When the bullet struck the windshield earlier it only caused it to shatter in place because of the type of safety glass used in automobiles. The nylon membrane sandwiched between two layers of glass kept the pieces from falling out. But it didn't keep it from literally crystallizing in place. Between the shattered windshield and the darkness of night, it was growing increasingly difficult to pick out details in the terrain ahead of us.
After pushing over a two-inch sapling, she stops the vehicle and shuts off the engine. Pushing open the door, I step out on my bare foot and notice right off that the swelling is already going down just from staying off it. "I'll see what I can do about the windshield," I offer, stepping gingerly around to the side of the hood and feeling for a place to grab hold of the glass without cutting myself.
To my surprise, the shattered glass feels more like handling loose diamonds than anything else. By placing my index finger in one of the bullet holes, I am able to stretch the membrane enough to open up the hole until I can insert two more fingers. With a firm grip on it, I yank outwards and pull the deformed piece of windscreen toward me. To my surprise, it stretches outward several inches but refuses to let loose of the frame.
Putting all my strength into it, I jerk again, this time causing the membrane to tear in several directions. Treating it like a piece of fabric, I tear the shattered pieces loose and fling them into the brush until I've cleared most of the windshield from its moorings.
"That looks good," Eddy says encouragingly.
Limping back to my place in the vehicle, I'm both surprised and delighted when Kelly hands me the bottle of rum. "Why thank you, Miss," I respond, accepting her kind offer.
But before I drink, I ask Eddy if she would care for a shot. To my surprise, she accepts the bottle and takes a healthy swig before thanking me and handing it back. I can't help but think how this feels just like the old days.
After taking a careful sip and noting the level in the bottle, I hand it back to Kelly with more thanks. To Eddy, I say, "Whenever you're ready. According to the map, this ridge off to our left should be angling back on itself very shortly. We don't want to make the mistake of following it when it does. I'm sure the trail will be more in a straight line to where the ridge extends back this way," I finish, indicating the direction with an extended hand gesture.
"And we're off," Kelly jokes, as Eddy steps on the accelerator again.



**27**
The going is slow and tedious, stretching the suspension of the suburban to its extremes. There are several times when the tires break loose in the soggy humus covering the ground, but Eddy's quick reflexes keeps them from digging in and getting us stuck. More often than not, there is little choice of direction as Eddy's only options are to steer between the obstacles lain out before us.
Although we are all thinking it, Kelly is the first to mention it aloud, "We could walk faster than this."
"Have you done much hiking?" I ask, keeping my tone light.
Her voice surly, she replies, "Enough to know I could make better time on foot than we are in this tin can."
Before I can respond, Eddy cuts in, "We'll have our opportunity to hoof it soon enough."
"Did I miss something?" I ask, looking over at Eddy for an explanation.
"You haven't been driving so I can't blame you for not noticing, but our fuel situation isn't looking good," she replies.
"How can you even see the gauge in the dark?" Kelly asks, looking over Eddy's shoulder.
"It was under a quarter of a tank when there was still sufficient light to see by. It's probably pushing empty by now."
"A bullet must have struck the fuel tank," I calmly explain. "Last time I checked, we had almost three-fourths of a tank. We couldn't have gone through that much fuel today unless it's been leaking out."
"We scraped over some pretty serious boulders and debris," Eddy explains. "Maybe we punctured it ourselves."
"Either way, it appears that we're about to lose our ride," I say a bit resignedly. "Kelly, start gathering up the food supplies and making sure it's ready for the trail. A single large sack will do. Also, tie up the sleeping bags and blankets while you're at it."
"Yes, Boss," she mumbles, climbing over the back seat into the rear cargo area.
Reaching forward, I turn the heat controls to high. "What are you doing?" Eddy inquires. "It's not like we have a windshield to defrost."
"When this beast quits running, we're going to be on foot in the middle of the wilderness. Any body heat we can store up now will be much appreciated when we're huddled together in the cold and rain and freezing to death," I explain.
"I'm sorry, I hadn't considered that," she humbly replies. "How's your ankle? Are you up to walking?"
Slipping my sock back on, I use my hands to judge the extent of the swelling. "The swelling appears to be going down. If I can get the boot back over it, I'll be fine," I lie, not wanting her or Kelly to worry about me; they have enough to concern themselves as it is. "Let's hope we have enough fuel left to get around the farthest leg of the ridge. If not, we might want to consider taking a short cut over the ridge and down the other side to the road."
"But they'll still be waiting for us on the road," Kelly says from the back, having overheard.
"They're city boys," I quickly explain. "They'll be sitting on the road oblivious of their surroundings while we're hiking past them in the woods. If we're reduced to having to use our feet for transportation, at least we can take advantage of the fact that they're still expecting and looking for a vehicle."
"What about when they find the abandoned suburban?" Eddy asks.
"We're twenty miles from the nearest civilization and that is due east," I start explaining. "They're going to expect us to try and go back the way we came, because that is what they would do. If we cover our trail, those city boys with their automatic weapons will never know they're headed in the wrong direction."
"But we must be at least sixty miles from the coast, even as the crow flies!" Eddy protests. "We can't hike that distance. Especially not with the few supplies we have and your bum ankle." Glancing over the seat at Kelly in the back who's still tying up bedding, she adds a bit solemnly, "We're not part of a special ops team, Mac. We're just two ordinary people with ordinary limitations."
When I start to protest, she quickly cuts me off. "I know your capabilities Mac. In case you've forgotten, I was the one you carried across a swamp in the middle of a cold wet night while evading both air and ground surveillance teams. But you can't be expected to carry both Kelly and me on your shoulders if that is what it comes down to."
Smiling at her in the darkness, I recall the night in question and the closeness that we shared shortly after. Brushing the memory aside, I say, "It won't come down to that. But even if it did, I won't let anything happen to either of you."
"I don't want to argue with you, Mac, but we need to discuss this before we take off unprepared into the wilderness," she protests.
"You have a valid point, Eddy. But we can't do what they're expecting," I argue, my voice growing more determined.
While Eddy concentrates on maneuvering the suburban over a stretch of boulder strewn terrain that forces her to ascend an especially steep hillock, I hold my tongue and work on formulating my thoughts to better convince her why we must do it my way. When the suburban crests the hillock and angles back down the far side, the engine sputters and then catches again when the vehicle levels out.
"The tank is almost empty," I offer.
"Wouldn't have figured that one out without your help," she sarcastically retorts.
"Eddy, I don't want to argue with you, but making our way back to the casino at this point isn't an option," I say with finality.
Instead of arguing further with me, she drops into a moody silence. Even Kelly, who has by this time packed the bags and supplies, is sitting up against the wheel well, silently staring across at the utter blackness in the far window.
When the engine begins to sputter and jerk again, I advise Eddy to turn toward the ridge and climb it as far as the suburban will go. Without a word, she turns the wheel in the direction of the ridge on our left, and guiding it between trees and obstacles that are increasingly difficult to see in the darkness, begins to work her way upward. Almost immediately, the engine smoothes out and gains power, the dregs of fuel in the tank forced to the rear where the pickup tube is positioned.
"How did you know?" Eddy asks, referring to the sudden jump in performance of the suburban.
"When it sputtered the first time, we were angling downward. I realized then that the fuel pickup tube was in the rear of the tank. In order to get the last dregs out of her, we were going to need to keep the front end up. If we're lucky, there's at least a gallon of gas sloshing around in it yet," I finish, studying the terrain ahead. "Work it to the right, if you can," I suggest, pointing toward what appears to be a clearing off to our right.
With the slightest adjustment to the suburban's pitch, the engine sputters and dies. Instinctively, Eddy puts it in neutral and lets it roll backwards until coming perpendicular to the ridge again. Hitting the starter, the engine spins for a bit and then catches. "Our options are dwindling," she says without humor.
"Shut it off."
When an explanation isn't forthcoming, she puts the vehicle in drive and steps on the accelerator. Almost immediately, the wheels spin and dig down in the soft soil. Frustrated, Eddy slams the shifter into park and flips the ignition off. A blanket of silence immediately descends upon us.
Putting my right foot against the dash, I manage to tie my laces while being careful not to over-tighten them as I know the swelling will be returning again from use. Retrieving one of the interior bulbs from the glove box, I replace it in the fixture above the front seats. "Can you give me a little light here," I ask of Eddy.
When she turns the interior light on, we are all immediately blinded by the relative brightness. After a few seconds for our eyes to adjust, I stretch the map out on the seat between us. "Here's where we are," I say, pointing to the place on the map where I believe us to be situated. Next, I indicate the first junction on the road that we'd left. "Here is where I believe the enemy is waiting for us to show. It looks to be about three miles as the crow flies, six if we follow the ridge all the way down to here."
"But we don't need to follow the ridge any longer, do we?" Kelly asks from behind us, having climbed into the back seat again so she can look over and study the map too.
"Absolutely not," I agree.
"So why can't we just hike back across country to the casino?" she asks, reaching over the seat to indicate where she would have us go.
"We could," I agree. "But then what? It's no longer safe to be there. Even if we manage to get back there, you can bet the place is heavily guarded. They'll have us before we can set one foot inside those walls."
"On the other hand, we can't hike clear to the coast either," Eddy adds.
"We don't have to hike clear to the coast," I begin, studying the map intently to familiarize myself with the lay of the land. "All we have to do is find a vehicle that we can commandeer. There are bound to be a lot of homes tucked away in these hills. When we find one with a vehicle, we'll simply borrow it. By the time the enemy figures out what we've done, we'll be long gone."
"Well, that does sound better than your earlier plan of hiking all the way to the coast," Eddy reluctantly agrees.
"I never intended that we would hike all the way to the coast," I smile at her in the light. When she meets my gaze, I give her a knowing wink and add, "If we're lucky, we may not have a long hike at all."
"Why do you keep referring to them as the enemy?" Kelly asks, her chin resting on the back of the seat between Eddy and me.
"Ease," Eddy and I respond simultaneously.
Lifting her head and pushing back from the seat, Kelly says, "That was spooky. You two really are meant for each other."
Smiling at the young girl's comment, Eddy flips off the light. In the darkness, her hand stretches across the map and finds mine. I feel the softness of her touch lingering over the back of my hand for a moment before giving it a gentle squeeze.
Then just as quickly, her hand is gone and the fleeting contact broken. For the briefest of moments, I feel an overwhelming loss. "Come on," she orders, pushing the door open and climbing out.
Before moving to follow, I hastily fold up the map and slip it into my back pocket. Even though I've memorized the terrain for close to twenty miles in every direction, it might still have some use to us. Climbing out, I'm met by Kelly as she hands me a bundle of bedding held together with twine and a large nylon sack of food stuffs. "This one's heavy," she states, dropping the nylon sack at my feet.
"I'll manage," I reply, slipping my arms through the loops of twine around the bedding. When she heads back toward the rear of the suburban, I add, "Put the rain slicker on, it's going to start raining again soon."
Eddy's at the back of the suburban, looking over everything to be sure Kelly didn't miss anything of importance. Walking up to her, the young girl asks, "Is he always so bossy?"
Overhearing her, I comment loudly, "You don't know the half of it."
"He only has your best interests at heart, honey," Eddy softly advises her. "He doesn't intend to be mean."
Speaking loudly, I say, "If I were mean to anyone, I apologize."
With the bundle of bedding in place, I sling the food over my other shoulder and tie it off to the twine encircling the bedding. Satisfied that everything is secure and will stay in place, I slip the nine-millimeter from the shoulder harness and make sure the safety is off. Although it's reflexive to hold an automatic in such a manner that my thumb rests on the safety, I don't want to risk even a fraction of a second if I need to use it in a hurry.
Stepping around to the rear of the suburban, I assist Eddy and Kelly with their bundles, taking care to make certain that they've placed them properly to avoid unnecessary strain or discomfort. This might be a long and arduous hike.
When there doesn't appear to be anything more I can do for them, I ask Kelly where the thirty-two revolver is. "Right here," she proudly states, slipping it from the side pocket of the slicker and brandishing it before her.
"And the extra ammunition?"
"In my zippered coat pocket so it can't fall out."
"Good," I compliment. "If you two are ready, I'll take the lead. But first, let's go over a few rules."
Exhaling loudly, Kelly turns around and drops her ass down heavily on the tailgate.
"I understand your feeling that I'm all about rules, but from now on, you need to listen to everything I say and do exactly as I say when I say it, no questions ask," I start firmly. "When the cold starts penetrating your inner core, your thoughts are going to grow fuzzy and un-cohesive.  It's going to creep up on you and when it does, it's going to become increasingly important that your mind don't fade and wander. If you want to live, you will watch me at every moment. If I raise my hand, you stop in your tracks with no complaints and no hesitation. If I dive for cover, you hit the ground in the same direction that I do. And whatever happens, don't stand up unless I tell you it's okay to stand up. Are we clear?"
"Clear as the liberty bell," she sighs heavily.
"One more thing."
"No, really?" she says with sarcasm.
"Eddy will bring up the rear. I'll set a pace that should be maintainable, but if you find it's difficult keeping up, just let me know and I'll adjust," I finish.
"Are you sure you're up to this?" Eddy asks, referring to my ankle.
"Like I've been saying all along, I'll be fine."



**28**
Walking away from the suburban stirs mixed emotions. Although it wasn't much of an off road vehicle, it represented safety and comfort; two basic necessities in the wilderness, especially when one of them is as inexperienced as Kelly.
"Stay tight," I order over my shoulder as I start up the rain slickened ridge.
Although Eddy isn't certain that she agrees with my decision to ultimately head west, she has dropped the subject because arguing with me over it only upsets Kelly. Unlike the girl, who doesn't know me very well, Eddy is able to content herself to trusting in my judgment. In the past, I've always come through. So far the girl trusts in Eddy, and since Eddy is heading west, so is she.
When I sense them lagging behind, I take up a position by the side of a tree for support and wait for them to catch up. As they draw abreast of me, I silently reach out in the dark and take hold of Kelly's right arm. Holding her arm, I gently guide her along in the dark till we reach the crest. To my surprise, she doesn't resist. Instead, she whispers a thank you under her breath, which is sounding more labored with each step.
My first concern is that she isn't up to the task of an extended hike. But I instantly dismiss the thought. She is a young and vibrant girl. She is not overweight or suffering from any obvious malady. "She'll be fine," I silently tell myself.
Still, I am concerned. If Kelly is showing fatigue from the hike, then Eddy must be suffering worse. "We'll rest here for a minute," I say, letting go of her arm.
"How's your ankle holding up?" Eddy asks between deep breaths, concerned.
"It's been less than half an hour, Eddy. Ask me in the morning," I grumble, my clothes wet and muddy and my mood disintegrating quickly. "I'm sorry, that didn't come out right," I hastily apologize, regretting my bitter tone.
"It's starting to rain," Kelly says, her breathing already stable and alleviating any concern I might have been harboring about her welfare.
"Yeah, I was afraid it wouldn't hold off forever," I remark, trying not to sound glum about it. Though I am inwardly disappointed by the falling rain because of the discomfort it will add to our journey, I outwardly put on a smile and say, "The rain might hide our tracks where we turned off the trail for a while, buying us more time to put distance between us and them. Plus, since they'll be expecting us to head east, they might not even consider tracking in this direction if there isn't an obvious trail."
"It still wouldn't be prudent of us to let down our guard," Eddy adds for Kelly's benefit.
"Is it safe to travel at night?" Kelly asks. "It was all I could do just to keep up with you."
Eddy quickly jumps to my defense. "Under any other circumstances, I wouldn't advise hiking through unknown territory in the dark," she starts. "But if anyone can lead us safely, it will be Mac."
"If I run across any hazards, I'll lead you around them," I add, flattered by Eddy's openly high regard of my abilities.
And then, I just as quickly realize she might only have said what she about my abilities for Kelly's sake. But in either case, I do have to admit even to myself that I have a natural ability for finding the best route through unfamiliar terrain, even in the dark of night.
"I have the water handy if anyone cares for a drink," Eddy offers, sensing that I'm about to bring our break to an end. It doesn't escape my notice that she didn't offer up the rum, which starts me thinking; did she even bring it along, or is it still tucked away in the suburban?
Of course, she brought it along! As a medical precaution, she wouldn't have left it behind. One-hundred-proof rum is beneficial for cleansing wounds, numbing pain, and a multitude of other valued purposes. Though they ain't immediately coming to mind, I'm sure I'll think if them eventually.
"If you get tired, just let me know and we'll take a break," I say, directed toward Kelly.
"I'll be fine."
With the conversation at an end, I set off on a due west course that will bring us back to the road just a little west and north of the next junction on the map. If my hunch is correct, that junction is where the chopper put down and the rest of the thugs are waiting for us. Once we cross the road behind them, I'll adjust our course slightly more northward. Within thirty-miles, we should come across transportation, whether we have to buy, borrow, or steal it.
Because of the pain and lack of sensation in my right ankle, my whole being feels clumsy. Unlike the stealthy assassin from the steamy jungles of Nicaragua, I'm breaking branches, stumbling over clumps of weeds, and making more noise than a herd of bison.
For this reason, I adjust my course slightly to intersect with the road a little farther behind the cartel than I had originally planned. The last thing we need is being caught near their encampment because of me.
The night is young, cold, and wet. We are at least five hours from daylight when we stumble down an incline, each colder and wetter than the next. My ankle is numb but the swelling has actually gone down. Because of this, the boot needs to be retied to take up the sloppiness as I can feel the rubbing against my heel beginning to turn into a blister.
"We'll stop here," I suggest, fighting the need to sit down and take the weight off my ankle. As cold and soggy as we are, sitting on the cold wet ground still isn't an option. Instead, we remain on our feet. "How are you holding up, Eddy? The wound isn't bleeding is it?"
Touching herself gently in the area of the bandages, she shakes her head slowly and says, "No. I think it's wet from the rain and sweating but not bleeding because it feels fine." Slipping out of our packs and bundles, she then asks, "Why are we carrying all this soggy bedding with us? It's not useable in its present condition and it's getting really heavy?"
"I was hoping that we might come across some dry shelter and hole up for awhile. But I don't think that's going to be the case. Sorry," I apologize while retying my boot.
With the boot adjusted, I dig into the food sack before addressing the blanket roll.
When I find the heating pouches, I activate two of them and hand one to Kelly and the other to Eddy. "Here. Place them in your clothes, just not too close to the skin so that it burns."
"Thanks," Kelly says, taking the pouch. "Can I ditch these wet blankets?"
"Yeah, just make sure you don't leave anything behind that we might need," I advise, working the bindings loose on my bundle to retrieve the items secured within. What I can't stash on my person, I add to the nylon food sack.
When I finish, I study the pile of discarded bedding for a moment before moving over to lean against a stout sapling. Eddy, sensing something wrong, steps over to stand next to me. "What's bothering you?" she asks in a conciliatory tone.
"Just upset with myself," I softly reply.
Giving me a gentle hug and then stepping back, she says, "Anything I can help with?"
"I should have been better prepared," I grumble angrily.
"Don't beat yourself up. It's not like we were given a lot of forewarning about the mission," she consoles.
"If it wasn't for your forethought, I'd still be wearing the same clothes I had on when they picked me up at the bar," I argue. "Instead of planning ahead, I was too consumed worrying about where my next drink was coming from or if it was too late to repair things with you."
This latter thought slips out before I can catch it, though I'm not sure I really regret it, especially after I see how Eddy responds to it. "When you saw me again after being apart for several months, you actually still cared what I thought about you?" she asks, her question obviously leading into something more.
Unable to come up with a satisfactory lie, I blurt the truth, "Eddy, I've always cared what you thought, even when we weren't together. I meant it when I said that I avoided you because you were too good for me; you deserve better than this washed up, second-rate private eye."
Trying to keep her voice low, she angrily hisses through clenched teeth, "That's entirely up to me to decide! If I think you're good enough for me, than you're damn well good enough for me. You lost your say in the matter the first time we made love, Mister." While she was talking, she moved in closer, her face now mere inches from mine. "Now kiss me before I change my mind," she calmly states, her voice husky with emotion.
Taking her in my arms, I pull her tightly up against me. The warmth of our bodies is lost in the thicknesses of wet clothes as our lips come together in the rain and yet, the first thing I notice is a hint of salt as I realize she was crying.
We kiss long and hard, the rain and cold forgotten for the moment. When we reluctantly separate, she says with subdued breath, "If you ever avoid me again, I'm going to track you down and separate you from your manhood."
My hands resting lightly on her arms, I whisper softly, "Eddy, if I ever avoid you again, it will be because I already lost my manhood."
"What should I do with this," Kelly suddenly asks, shattering the moment. As she steps toward us, we both turn and see her holding out the bottle of rum.
Taking the bottle from her, Eddy says with a smile, "I think we all deserve a drink to fend off this cold before we catch a chill."
Screwing off the cap, she takes a healthy swig and passes the bottle to me. "Ladies first," I grin, handing the bottle back to Kelly.
After chugging down a huge mouthful and momentarily gagging on the fire, she hands the bottle back to me. Before taking a sip, I think long and hard about the need and if it is really worth it. Do I cut back or do I cut it out entirely? "For medicinal purposes," I offer, putting the bottle to my lips and taking a swallow, the decision having been made.
The heat flows smoothly down my throat, warming my body from the inside out until it settles as a warm glow in the pit of my belly. I immediately feel better and wonder why I even had to think about it.



**29**
Handing the bottle back to Eddy, she replaces the cap and turns back toward her pile of bedding and supplies when she suddenly stops and turns back around. "You said you regret that you didn't prepare us better for this. What exactly did you mean by that?"
"Just that I should have made certain we each had everything we might need for an outing in the wilderness instead of trusting to someone else." When she doesn't answer immediately, I add, "You know, like full rain gear for each of us. That kind of stuff."
Ignoring my last response, she says to Kelly instead, "Who outfitted the suburban, Kelly?"
Misunderstanding the intent in her question, I say, "It's a little late to be placing blame on what can't be changed."
Ignoring my remark, she reiterates the question to Kelly, "Do you know?"
"The government guy hanging around with my dad for the last month," she replies. "Why?"
"Did you or your dad, or anyone else that you know personally have any input in what was included with the vehicle?" Eddy presses on, her instincts on the trail of something elusive but drawing closer.
"Not that I'm aware of. Why? You're starting to scare me, Eddy. Is daddy in danger?" she apprehensively demands.
"What is it, Eddy? What are you thinking?" I ask with growing concern.
"We need to get back, Mac. If my hunch is correct, Kelly's father is in grave danger."
"What am I missing here?" I demand.
"He's bad, isn't he?" Kelly cries out on the verge of breaking down. "That government guy is going to hurt daddy!"
"He'll be fine, Kelly. We just need to get back and warn him before they do something bad," she says to Kelly. And then turning to me, she says, "They'll probably try something on the ride to the courthouse when they transport him there to testify. We need to get back before it's too late."
"Before we go anywhere, you're going to fill me in," I demand.
"The supplies, Mac," she impatiently says, stating what she believes to be obvious. "Think about it for a second. When the suburban was outfitted, they knew there were going to be three of us and yet, there is only one rain slicker in the supplies. Who would you assume is going to wear a bright yellow slicker?" Not waiting for an answer, she hurriedly continues, "Our charge of course! The person we're responsible for keeping safe. Which also happens to include keeping dry, warm, and comfortable. Need I say anymore? They knew the girl would be wearing the slicker which made her stand out from us for their marksman. She's the target! They aren't trying to kidnap her to use against her father to thwart his testimony. They're planning on killing both of them and us too, if we're in their way!"
The logic of her words takes only a moment to sink in and as it does, the wind goes out of me. "How could I be so naïve?" I whisper more to myself than Eddy.
"They're going to kill daddy?" Kelly cries, her tough exterior crumbling as Eddy's words sink in.
"We still don't know for sure that the man in charge is in on it," I say, trying to calm her as Eddy moves up beside her and places a comforting arm around her shoulders. "In all likelihood, the marshal that picked us up and brought us together at the casino is as high up the chain of command as this goes," I add for Eddy's sake. "But because of what we suspect, contacting her father through the contact that I was given isn't an option. At least not until I get an opportunity to check him out."
"And if it turns out he doesn't check out, then what?" Eddy asks, raising the question that I was putting off.
"Let's not worry about it until we get there. In the meantime, we have the advantage of knowing that we can't trust anyone."
"What do we do now?" Eddy asks, still holding the girl.
"I have an idea, but it's going to be a little risky," I say with a mischievous grin. "But first, chuck everything that we don't absolutely need. We need to move light and fast."
"Then we might as well finish this off," Eddy says, screwing open the rum and nonchalantly flipping the cap aside. Handing the bottle first to Kelly and then to each of us in turn, I take the last swallow and casually toss the bottle on top of the discarded pile of wet bedding. Picking up the nylon food sack, I retrieve only what I deem necessary and then as an afterthought, select three heating pouches and slip them into my jacket pockets.
"I'm going to set a fast pace. If you have a problem keeping up, let me know and I'll adjust accordingly. We should have five more hours of darkness and maybe longer if this weather holds," I absently add, my mind busy calculating distances and times.
"What are you thinking?" Eddy asks, sensing that I have a plan I'm not sharing with her.
"Just some random thoughts at this point," I lie to avoid an argument. If she suspects what I have in mind, she will argue with me until I come up with something else. Which, at this time, I can't think of any other scheme to get us out of these woods any faster and time is working against us. "Come on, we need to get a move on," I quickly urge before she can question me further.



**30**
The terrain is rough and unpredictable in the darkness. Even during the day, the trek would be fraught with danger. A simple slip on the rain slickened leaf mold could result in a broken ankle or worse. Yet, because the stakes have just jumped skyward, we don't have a choice. The trial is due to start within two days and if our assumption regarding the supplies is correct, then the ride to the courthouse just might be her father's last ride anywhere. The ride will give them many opportunities to stage a hitman to take out their star witness without drawing any suspicion to themselves.
Because of the hard pace I'm setting, I keep a close watch on Kelly, often taking the time to steer around a particularly difficult area rather than slow down to get her safely through it. As I charge along in the dark with the two women following close on my heels, my mind is busy formulating a plan of action for when we get out of the woods. The main problem I keep coming up against is the fact that we have no idea where they're currently holding Kelly's father. Although there is a very high probability that he is still at the casino and that they will keep him there until they need him in court, we have no guarantee of it. However, since we haven't any other options at the moment, I determine that's where we're going first.
So what is the quickest means of returning to the casino? Although Eddy didn't dispute my plan to find a vehicle and attempt to drive it back to the casino, I could tell that she wasn't one-hundred percent on board with it. And knowing Eddy as well as I do, I also realize that her main objection is the act of stealing from innocent bystanders. She hasn't been around this business as long as I have. When she has, she will come to the same conclusion as me; there are no innocent bystanders.
The people that we avoid and leave undisturbed in their peaceful environment, could very well be the same people that disclose our position to our enemies for a handful of silver. There are no innocent bystanders!
However, if my plan succeeds, we won't have to beg, borrow, or steal a vehicle from an otherwise non-involved party. Adjusting my course ever so slightly should bring us back to the road in the vicinity of the intersection where I suspect they have set up an ambush in anticipation of our arrival. What they aren't expecting is for us to approach them from the cover of the forest.
But for my plan to have any merit or chance for success, we must get there before dawn. We need the element of surprise and the cover of darkness. In the light of day, we won't get within pissing distance of their vehicles before their superior numbers and firepower cuts us to ribbons.
Although the exact details of my plan won't materialize until we reach the intersection and I can study the layout and positioning of their men and vehicles, the general idea is for us to commandeer one of their rigs and make a run for it. If the situation permits it, we'll create a distraction first that allows us to get away before they even realize what's happening. But that's only if we can safely accomplish such. When we get there, it might not even be feasible to steal one of their rigs. We may end up having to skirt their encampment entirely and continue on around them. If that becomes the case, we'll be forced to do whatever it takes to get back to the casino as quickly as possible and that might mean doing something we really don't want to have to consider.
My thoughts are interrupted by the sound of a plastic pouch striking the ground and I realize the heating pouches I gave the girls earlier must have given up all their heat as they're discarding them. The rain is still coming down in a steady shower and continuing to soak through our clothes and rob valuable body heat. If I don't want to risk Eddy or Kelly developing hypothermia, we need to stop.
"Take five," I order, un-slinging the vinyl sack and retrieving three more heating pouches and three packets of instant coffee.
"What are you doing?" Eddy asks, concerned that I'm wasting valuable time making coffee.
"Kelly has limited protection from the rain with the slicker, but you and I are completely exposed. We can't risk either one of us succumbing to hypothermia. I figure if we use the heating pouches to heat up the coffee, we can use them like hot water bottles tucked inside our clothes. When they start to lose their heat, we can still drink them."
"I could sure go for a cup of Joe," Kelly says, her voice sounding stronger than it did earlier.
"Just don't drink it till it starts to lose its heat," I advise, handing her a pouch full of water and instant coffee. Handing another to Eddy, I ask about her head. "Is it giving you any pain?"
"I had a slight headache earlier, but it passed," she says, appreciative of my concern.
"And the bullet wound, it hasn't started bleeding, has it?"
"No. I said, I'm fine," she replies a bit testily this time.
"I care for you Eddy, it's only natural that I would ask about your injuries," I sympathetically respond.
"Yes," she apologizes. "I'm sorry if I seemed a little short with you, I'm just wearing down I guess." And then, trying to sound cheerful for Kelly's sake, she adds, "I guess I just didn't realize how out of shape I'd gotten."
"You're not out of shape," Kelly kindly disagrees. "I'm half your age and I'm having a hard time keeping up."
"Ouch," I whisper.
Realizing what she's said, Kelly quickly tries to explain, "I'm sorry, that's not what I meant."
Laughing, Eddy tells her not to worry about it. "It's fine, Kelly. I may not be twice your age, but I'm pretty damned close to it. So don't worry about it. I can handle the truth," she chuckles.
"I'm still sorry. That was rude of me," she apologizes.
Gladdened to see the mood lighten after figuring out that the men hunting us were out to kill her, I tuck my pouch inside my jacket and instinctively check the nine-millimeter in the shoulder holster again. I'm almost surprised that they didn't provide us with defective weapons or reject ammunition that would jam the automatics when we needed them most. But they probably thought better of it because we might have discovered it too soon and tipped their hand. As it is, they're probably not aware that we've already figured out what's going on and are working our way back toward the casino and not away from it.
"Whenever you two young ladies are ready, we need to get moving," I regrettably announce, not wanting to bring the moment to an end but realizing that we're losing valuable night time.
Once again, I set off at a quick clip, forcing Kelly and Eddy to literally jog at times when the terrain is permissible to jogging. Based on the map and my calculations, we should be within two miles of the junction as a crow flies. Glancing skyward, I guesstimate that we have three hours till false dawn. Despite my best efforts, we are making less than two-miles as the crow flies in an hour due to the terrain. Between our speed and the time left till daylight however, we should get there with a little over an hour to spare; time we'll need to finalize a plan and set up a distraction.



**31**
Unfortunately, the terrain becomes even more treacherous as we reach the far side of the ridge and descend into a swampy valley of sorts. Whether the ground is perpetually low and soggy, or just because of the current rain, matters not in the least to us. The fact remains that it is treacherous and laboring to cross. At times, we are wading through flowing streams almost waist deep and the next minute trudging through knee deep mud. No sooner do we climb out of a mud hole and then we are scaling up the side of a rocky outcropping or scaling over a large blowdown.
After pulling myself over just such an obstacle, I reach back and extend a hand to Kelly and pull her up beside me. "Wait up," I instruct her, reaching down for Eddy's hand and pulling her up likewise.
"Why are we stopping?" Eddy asks, a bit breathlessly.
"We're getting close and this is a safe place to leave you while I scout ahead," I tell her, herding her and Kelly to the far end where the remaining branches are drooping down with just enough room to sit beneath them. "This will give you some shelter from the rain while you wait on me. Here's the rest of the supplies," I add, placing the nylon bag next to Kelly.
"How's your ankle?" Eddy asks, her voice anxious and obviously not caring much for the idea of being left behind. "Are you sure you're up to it?" she adds, the tone of her voice implying that she is.
Despite my best efforts to put on a strong front, Eddy's sharp ears have kept her apprised of my condition better than if I were constantly announcing it to her. From every broken stick that snapped under the weight of my right foot or the multitude of times I stumbled, barely catching myself before landing on my face, Eddy was aware of all of these events. And because Eddy is also aware of my ability to move stealthily through any terrain, she can only attribute my clumsiness to my injured ankle.
"You just sit tight and keep an eye on Kelly. If you hear gunfire, work your way south and east. I'll do my best to lead them in the other direction, all the way to the coast if I have to," I instruct with finality. When she doesn't say anything, I softly add, "The important thing is that the two of you make it back to the casino and find her dad before they transport him to the courthouse. I can take care of myself." As an afterthought, I lightly joke, "They are only a bunch of city boys after all, it doesn't matter what country they hailed from."
Despite the wet and muddy ground, Kelly silently finds a spot and sits down, her back against the base of a thick branch.
As I turn to leave, Eddy grabs my arm and pulls me around. Before I can react, she presses her lips against mine and we kiss. The heat that flares between us is hot and passionate despite the cold rain. "Come back to me baby," she whispers huskily.
Pulling her against me, I hold her tight, suddenly anxious about leaving her behind. Though a torrent of emotions is pouring through me, I'm at a loss for words. All that comes out is, "I'll be back."
It's enough and we kiss again, long and hard, the cold and rain all but forgotten for the moment. There is just the two of us left in the world and I don't want the moment to ever end. Although I don't succumb to it, I can't help but feel that if I go, I will never see her again. It's an irrational feeling that I realize it for what it is. Yet, I can't let go of her before I tell her what I feel.
"I love you Eddy."
"Take care of yourself, babe," she whispers, stepping aside to let me pass.
As I draw abreast of Kelly, I lean down and in a conciliatory tone of voice say, "Use as many of the heating pouches as you need to keep warm. I shouldn't be gone long, but it won't take long for the cold to seep into your core while sitting here."
"Yes, Boss," she nervously smiles.
Eddy drops down beside her and says reassuringly, "We'll be fine. Now get going, it'll be daylight soon enough."
Hesitantly, I rise to my full height. Looking back at them, it takes a great deal of effort to turn away and head into the cold, dark night alone. The feeling that I'm leaving my whole world behind lingers with me as I work my way northwest, advancing ever closer to the enemy's lair.



**32**
Somewhere along the trail through the woods, either I misjudged our progress over the terrain or the map has some slight inconsistencies with respect to the actual area, because the junction suddenly appears before me.
Ducking down into a thick stand of wet foliage, I peer cautiously ahead at the darker silhouettes of vehicles and tents standing out against the wet and muddy ground. If I had been seen by a sentry, the alarm would have sounded by now, so I can only assume they are unaware of my presence.
With less than an hour of darkness till daylight, I need to assess their camp, calculate their strength, and come up with a plan to extricate one of their vehicles while possibly disabling the rest. Then I still have to get away safely with Eddy and Kelly. All in a day's work, I silently muse, touching my ankle softly. Under other circumstances, I would move silently into the camp and take out the most dangerous while setting up a distraction. Unfortunately, moving silently on a bum ankle isn't an option, even under cover of falling rain and the cloak of night.
Yet, I have to do something. I can't sit here wasting precious time.
Looking to my left and right, I study the terrain for a moment. With my moment of hesitation behind me, I set off to my right. My first plan of business is locating the sentries. Although it makes sense that they would have placed men along the road leading into their camp, which is snaking through the woods from my left, I opt to leave that area for last. My first quest is to assess their total number if possible and what the road is like to the west of here. It might be possible to take a vehicle from near the rear of their camp and head west, especially if we can block off the road behind us. Of course, heading west will put a lot more time and distance between us and the casino, yet it might be the safer option.
Although I am less than thirty feet from open ground, the going is slow and clumsy, fighting my way as silently through the underbrush along the shoulder of the road as is humanly possible considering my condition. When I reach the point where the shoulders of the road wind back together, I realize that I am as far west as I need to go. The road from here westward appears deserted. Because they are expecting us to arrive from the east, they have put all their resources on that side of the encampment.
Crossing the road in a stoop, I duck hurriedly into the brush on the opposite side. Turning to my left, I begin working my way east. When I have gone almost one-hundred feet, I creep up to the edge of the road and survey the clearing for the first time. Because I haven't encountered any sentries to this point, I make the assumption that they are only placed along the road to the east in anticipation of us coming from that way. Of course, they still believe us to be driving a vehicle and may have booby-trapped the road in that direction as well.
The clearing before me appears like an open meadow approximately the size of a football field. Almost two-hundred feet to my right is another road, this one blocked by an SUV parked diagonally across it. I almost chuckle out loud at the realization that the SUV is their way of keeping uninvited guests from entering the area rather than placing a man along the road to deter any wayward hikers or hunters.
Counting the SUV parked diagonally up the intersecting road, there are six vehicles and smack dab in the center of the clearing, one Blackhawk helicopter. Although I had seen the helicopter when it passed us on the open road and expected it to drop off men up ahead of us, what I didn't expect was for it to remain here. After assessing the situation and depositing its load of thugs, I expected it to return to where ever it came from originally.
Seeing it sitting there in the mud, its rotors drooping down and looking wet and neglected, a new hope arises within my chest. Glancing first to my left and then my right and not seeing anyone, I break from cover and hobble spastically across the muddy clearing. At the first vehicle I reach, I drop down to my knees beside it. Cautiously, I raise my head and look in through the passenger's side window. Because the windows of this vehicle aren't fogged up, I expected it to be empty and it is.
To my left is a lifted four wheel drive pickup with a standard cab, your typical redneck rig. Since the windshield is completely fogged up, it goes without saying that it's occupied. But whether there is one person or two in it is impossible to tell. And if they're awake or sleeping is also impossible to tell without further investigation and risk. For the moment, however, there isn't anything I can do about it except keep it in mind.
To my right is a suburban similar to the one we left stranded in the woods. The windows in it are also fogged up, but the driver's side windshield and side window show recent wiping. Like the pickup to my left and all the other vehicles on the far side of the clearing from the helicopter, it's facing east toward the road they are expecting us to approach from.
Crouching low, I hobble around the empty rig and look in the driver's side window at the empty ignition switch. My heart sinks, though I didn't really expect it to be that easy.
Of course, the keys might be on the floor, above the sun visor, or in any other number of places that people leave their keys when they don't want to carry them with them or if the vehicle might be needed by someone other than the person that parked it. Yet, I can't risk opening the door and having the interior light coming on and alerting someone to my presence. Even if the keys turn out to be in it, I can't make a run for it without Eddy and Kelly in place.
With my back to the door, I crouch back down with my thoughts deep in contemplation, the helicopter outlined in the dark before me. And then, rising to my feet with my heart suddenly racing, I hobble toward the bird with a new idea taking shape in my mind. The canopy is clear, further bolstering my already wild hopes.
Approaching from the passenger's side, I place a hand against the Plexi-glass and wipe away the rain, momentarily clearing a spot to look in through. Finding it deserted is almost too good to be true and yet, even if I were to jump in and try to get her started, by the time I could get it airborne, we would be shot to pieces. Helicopters are not like cars. It takes time to get one from sitting cold on the ground to airborne. And that is time that won't be afforded me.
Still, the helicopter is our best bet for getting out of here alive, even if we have to destroy it to create a distraction. My heart sinks at the thought of destroying such a lovely creation. There must be another way to make use of it.
Momentarily lost in thought, I am suddenly brought back to reality by the sound of feet sloshing through mud. Glancing around, I debate retreating to the cover of the pickup truck when my nostrils are assaulted by the smell of a freshly lit cigarette and then the sound of coughing just on the other side of the helicopter.
Slipping down to the muddy ground, I look beneath the belly of the bird and notice two pair of feet. The nearer of the pair standing with their back to the bird while the second pair is less than five feet away and facing the first.
"Is it always this fucking miserable in Oregon?" the nearer one is asking the other in a hushed tone.
"If I were making as much moola as you, I sure as Hell wouldn't be complaining about the damned weather," the other chides. "I'd just be thinking about all those tanned bitches with no clothes and endless beaches to chase them on."
"You ain't doing so badly," the first reminds him. And then, his voice filled with frustration as he flicks the cigarette aside, says, "Damn rain! Can't even smoke a cigarette without it getting wet. Come on, let's finish this round and get back in the dry."
"What, afraid you're going to melt?" the first chides, as they move off toward the rear of the helicopter.
Moving in order to keep the helicopter between them and me, I eventually find myself on the pilot's side of the bird while the two men march sullenly along the edge of the clearing. Watching them for a moment longer until I am certain they are safely away and where they are heading, I survey the vehicles along this side of the clearing. All of them appear to be occupied as the windows are all fogged up from people breathing inside.
Realizing that I'm running out of valuable time, I determine to take the risk of cutting directly across the clearing and thus shortening my return trip to Eddy and Kelly. As I push off from the helicopter and set out across the clearing toward the relative safety of the woods, a truck door slams loudly behind me which is quickly followed by another. Jerking around, I pinpoint the source of the noise and am surprised when I see two men's heads outlined in the previously empty pickup that I'd been hiding behind just moment's prior. Moreover, what was originally going to be an optional risk for the sake of saving time, has now become my only option.
Keeping the bulk of the helicopter between the redneck pickup and myself, I scurry lopsidedly across the clearing, moving as quietly between the parked vehicles as possible. Since there isn't any need in knowing whether the occupants are awake or asleep, I don't take the time to investigate. Instead, I move as fast as my bum ankle will allow while sometimes dragging it and sometimes skipping along on only my left foot. To my ears, I sound like a bull elephant. But thanks to the dampening effects of the rain, no one stirs in the vehicles as I leave the clearing for the safety of the surrounding brush.
Short of breath, I pause to take stock before weaving my way back to Eddy and Kelly. My right ankle has swollen tight against the boot binding, the pain flaring from the abuse I just put it through. But there isn't time to worry about it. Night is waning and I still have much to do.



**33**
It takes but a few minutes to reach the place on the rocky ledge where I left Eddy and Kelly sitting atop an old growth blowdown. Not taking any chances of being mistaken in the falling rain and dark, I halt just shy of the fallen tree and whistle softly, a call that Eddy will recognize from the past.
Before I even finish the call, Eddy comes trotting forward and throws her arms around my neck, almost knocking me off balance. Kelly is close on her heels, a look of relief on her face as she too gives me an abbreviated hug. Studying the pain in my face, Eddy's eyes are drawn down to my ankle and an involuntary gasp escapes her lips. Kelly is the first to speak, "Come, sit down," she orders, taking my right arm while Eddy reaches out and grabs my left forearm.
"We don't have time," I protest, glancing toward the eastern sky in anticipation of the rising sun.
"Nonsense!" Eddy chimes in while helping Kelly guide me to the little nest they built beneath the drooping cedar boughs in my absence.
"Seriously, there isn't time!" I firmly protest, planting my good foot against the ground as a brake. "Just as soon as we get out of these woods, I'll see to it. But right now, we have more important business."
"By the time we get out of these woods, you may lose all use of your right foot if you don't do something about it now," Kelly argues, her voice expressing her concern for my wellbeing.
"Kelly, your father's life is at stake here while we waste time arguing. So for the last time, we must get back before they transport your father to the courthouse because they're never going to let him testify!" I almost shout at her. "Am I making myself clear?"
For the briefest of moments, it looks as if she's going to break down into tears. And then, just as quickly, a steely determination sets in and she says in a very calm voice, her gaze holding me in its grasp, "Then I suggest Mr. Mac that we gather our things together and get going."
Unsure of what to say, I humbly agree while Eddy almost chokes on her spittle, doing her best to keep from laughing out loud at me. When Kelly marches past me without another word, Eddy slips up beside me and whispers in my ear, "That one's got fire in her."
"Yeah, I hadn't noticed," I retort sharply.
"If you need a hand, just let me know," she adds softly while fighting back a snide remark. And then in a more serious tone, "You want to fill me in on what to expect."
Unsure of which direction to go, Kelly stops a few feet ahead and fidgets nervously while waiting for us to overtake her. Stepping past her, I turn around to face the both of them and advise in a hushed tone, "We're much closer to their encampment than I'd realized, so from here on out keep your voice down and no talking unless absolutely necessary." Not waiting for a response, I quickly continue, "The clearing is a mountain meadow almost the size of a football field. They blocked the road leading in from the southeast but not the west. I didn't stumble across any sentries on the north, west, or south perimeters. There are a couple of hillbillies doing security walks, but not much of a threat. Most, if not all of the vehicles, are occupied with armed men. There are at least six rigs, possibly more to the east along the road they're expecting us to approach on. I wasn't able to determine if the occupants of all the vehicles were asleep or not. I'm assuming for the most part they are, or at least, were."
"Any idea how many men total?" Eddy asks.
"Not certain, but more than we can handle in a firefight. Plus, if yesterday was any indication, they have bigger guns and more ammunition than we do," I add with a bit of sarcasm.
"So, what's the plan?" she finally asks.
"We need to create a distraction, something that will send them running from the clearing. It doesn't matter if they're running for their life, or are in hot pursuit, but we need them to leave the clearing in a hurry. There's a helicopter located in the very center of the clearing. We can get to it easy enough under cover of dark, but it will wake the neighborhood when I begin the start process and they'll overpower us before we get close to getting airborne." I pause for a long moment before sheepishly adding, "If most of them are scattering in confusion or fright, they may not realize that it's not their guy in the chopper. Okay, that's as far as I've gotten."
"I'll create the distraction," Eddy suddenly whispers.
"You can't create the distraction and be in the helicopter at the same time," I argue, not certain where her thoughts are going.
Not deterred by my comment, she simply says, "Let's get closer to their camp so I can see firsthand what we're up against."
Shaking my head in frustration, I bite my lip to hold back saying something I will regret and lead them in the direction of the encampment. When we reach the thicker brush on the edges of the clearing, we hunker down where we can just make out the vehicles with the chopper still looking dejected out in the middle.
"You can fly a helicopter, I can't. You said yourself that we need to reach her father before they transport him to the courthouse and that the quickest way is with that bird. Our mission is ultimately Kelly's safety and she'll be much safer in the helicopter with you than on the ground with me?"
"Wait a minute," I blurt, cutting her off. "We leave here together or not at all. That's not negotiable."
"Hear me out," she firmly states.
"I'll listen, but that doesn't mean I'm agreeing," I begrudgingly concede.
"You said we had to either drive them out or lead them out. I'm suggesting that we lead them out. Now we don't have much time, so let me make this quick and to the point."
"Go ahead," I grumble, not at all happy about the direction things are going.
"First, Kelly, give me the rain slicker. If anyone spots us, I don't want you being their first target." While Kelly obeys, slipping out of the slicker and handing it to Eddy, she continues, "How far back to the clearing where we spent the other night?"
"Three, maybe four miles, why?"
"When the excitement starts, just plan on getting that bird there as quickly as you can," she states with finality while closing up the front of the slicker. Then, before I expect it and can reach out to stop her, she is up and running, heading off to our left.
"Damn it, Eddy!" I hiss under my breath, grasping at empty air.
It isn't necessary for her to tell me what the rest of her plan is. And if she had taken the time to fill in all the details, she knew that I never would have agreed to it. In fact, I would have held her down if necessary to keep her from trying something so foolish.
But it's too late and Eddy is on her way, determined to buy Kelly and me time to get the chopper airborne. All the frustration in the world isn't going to change anything. I should have seen it coming when she asked Kelly for the rain slicker. When the enemy sees that bright yellow target, they're going to assume it's Kelly. Hell, I know I would.
"Let me see your gun," I say a bit irritably, angry with myself for letting Eddy get away.
When she hands it to me, I check the cylinder to confirm that it's fully loaded. Handing it back to her, I instruct her in a very serious tone, "If anyone comes near the helicopter, I want you to shoot them."
"But Mac," she gasps.
"No buts, Kelly. That gun has a very short range, so don't shoot until you're sure you will hit 'em. Aim for the largest part of their body where the heart should be. And if they keep coming, you keep shooting." I pause for a moment, wondering if I'm doing the right thing. She is only a young girl after all. Not much more than a kid. It's asking an awful lot of her to kill someone. "Just remember, Kelly, if we don't get out of here, they're not only going to kill you, Eddy, and me, they're going to kill your father."
I couldn't put it anymore bluntly, but I had to know that she understood the situation thoroughly. If it's necessary, I'll apologize to her once we're out of here. Right now, my concern is for Eddy. Although she is a very self-reliant individual that's quick on her feet and a deadly marksman with any weapon, she is going to be woefully lacking for firepower against fully automatic weapons with considerably more range than a lousy nine-millimeter.
Yet, all I can do now is trust her judgment and pray for the best. And get Kelly into that chopper.



**34**
Slipping the knife from the sheath and into my right hand, I say, "Take my hand and from here on, no more talking. When we get to the helicopter, I'm going to release your hand. When I do, you slip around to the far side of it and climb into the open cargo bay. There are a couple of jump-seats with seat belts on either bulkhead. Strap yourself into either one of them and hold on." I pause for a moment longer, looking longingly in the direction that Eddy went and expecting shots to ring out at any moment and knowing that when they do, a part of me is going to die inside. Taking a deep breath, I continue, "Once you're strapped in, shoot anyone that comes near that bird. Hopefully, that will only be the pilot and a marksman or two."
With adrenaline pumping, I lead her out into the open. Her hand is shaking within my grasp and I wonder if she'll be able to hit anything even if she tries. Hopefully, we won't have to find out.
We move past the first vehicle where the windows are still fogged up. The suspension suddenly creaks as someone shifts their weight inside. With a jerk, I pull Kelly down beside me while briefly wondering if I should swap out the knife for the nine-millimeter.
After a moment of silence, I get up and lead Kelly toward the helicopter, keeping it between the jacked up pickup with the rednecks and us. If anyone is awake and watching for activity, it will be the two rednecks. I'm hoping they don't notice the young girl as she slips into the cargo bay of the Blackhawk. But if they do, we'll deal with them when the time comes.
With less than twenty-feet to go, a cough from the far side of the helicopter causes us to freeze. At just that moment, the rain decides to stop and quiet befalls upon the area, the slightest noise now amplified by the damp silence.
Another cough followed by a raspy clearing of a throat. The two rednecks are sitting in the pickup with the window rolled down, the driver chain-smoking cigarettes. Sending Kelly around to the far side is suddenly out of the question.
When we reach the helicopter, Kelly starts to pull away, expecting me to release her hand. Instead, I pull her close and with a finger over her lips so she isn't tempted to ask me what's going on, I slip the knife back into its sheath and carefully work the latch on the cockpit, silently pulling the door open. Even before it's fully open, I guide Kelly in, nudging her forward until she climbs over the center console and into the co-pilot's seat. Then, with the same care, I pull the door to and carefully secure the latch again. Finding the release for the side window, I work it down and then signal Kelly to do the same. When the excitement starts, I don't want to be shooting through a Plexi-glass screen.
With the side curtains now open, I indicate for Kelly to sit low in the seat so she presents as small of a silhouette to the outside as possible while securing her harness. With Kelly snuggly secured into the seat, I do likewise and then turn my attention to the console. Although I've flown a variety of helicopters in my day, each one is a little different in its own way.
After a moment of contemplation, I flip a few switches and ready the bird for flight. Out of habit, I remove the headset from its hook and place them over my head. Noticing Kelly watching me, I instruct her to do the same with the set hanging before her; being able to speak with her in the moments ahead might prove valuable and they will also help disguise our appearance to anyone that sees us.
"Testing one, two, and three," I whisper into the mic after adjusting it to rest in front of my lips. "If you can hear me, nod your head."
With a nod of her head, I know we are in communication. "If you see anything or anyone that I should know about, don't hesitate to let me know. Otherwise, silence is the buzz word."
Silently, I begin to worry about Eddy. By now, she should have reached the eastern road and pinpointed the sentries. What could be taking her so long? The chopper is primed and ready for ignition, but until the excitement starts, we don't dare make a peep for fear of giving ourselves away. If we're lucky, in the chaos that Eddy creates, most of the thugs will assume the helicopter is being manned by their own comrades, at least, until we are safely away.
"To our right," Kelly suddenly whispers, the sound of her voice coming through the earpieces sounding loud in my ears and startling me.
Looking to our right, beyond Kelly's silhouette hunched down in the seat, I see the two rednecks standing outside their pickup, the doors standing ajar. Both are looking toward the east, their automatics held at the ready.
"Stay real still," I whisper into the mic.
Their stance indicates to me that they overheard something on their radio and are uncertain whether to await instructions or proceed on their own. While waiting indecisively, two more men come running up from behind us and join them, their voices questioning the two rednecks about what is going on. Studying the redneck's body language tells me that they don't know anymore than the two men that just joined them.
"What are you doing, Eddy?" I whisper softly, forgetting that Kelly can hear my every breath.
Glancing at her in the dark, I realize she is looking past me. Turning to look out the open windscreen to my left, I see three men climbing out of the SUV parked between us and the edge of the meadow. Like Kelly, I sink deeper into the seat, trying to make my silhouette as small as possible.
"Come on Eddy," I softly plead.
When I glance back at Kelly, I notice she is staring straight ahead. Following her line of sight, I see nothing but darkness. For a moment, I wonder if she saw something or if it's just anticipation of what's to come.
A single shot suddenly shatters the silence of the night; a solitary nine-millimeter round.
The shot itself might mean many things, including the possibility that Eddy just shot one of the enemy. But one thing it clearly indicates and that is that Eddy is still free!
Within seconds, several fully automatic weapons open up and my heart constricts, forcing my lungs to labor for each breath. Having been on both the receiving end and the giving end of automatic weapon fire, I am well aware of the deadly damage that can be inflicted in a matter of seconds, even when the man squeezing the trigger doesn't have any idea what he is doing.
My hands are hovering over the controls, the nine-millimeter resting snuggly between my thighs for easy access. Glancing across at the rednecks, I am surprised that they haven't moved and wonder what is holding them back. All four men are holding their ground.
Twisting to my left, I notice the three men from the SUV are also holding their ground. What is going on, I silently wonder, growing antsier by the second. In all my days of fighting undisciplined rebels and gorillas, I never saw such discipline exercised as I'm witnessing now. Any other time, these men would be charging forward, overeagerly trying to be the one to claim the kill. And yet, they are standing down and patiently awaiting instructions before making a move.
After the few bursts of automatic weapons, there is nothing but deathly quiet. To my surprise, I am suddenly torn between sitting tight while waiting for our opportunity to bring this bird to life, and recklessly jumping out with my gun blazing. There is no doubt in my mind that I can take out the three men on this side before they even realize what is happening.
Without even realizing that I'm doing so, my right hand has come to rest on the butt of the nine-millimeter. Meanwhile, my mind is playing out the next few moments and the outcome is not looking good. After taking out the three men to my left, I hobble around the rear of the fuselage, dropping down into the mud and pegging off at least two of the four men before they return fire. If none get a lucky hit, I might take out all four.
Of course, by then reinforcements will be arriving. Also, I am not taking into consideration the men in the vehicles located farther behind us, which by now are awake and readying themselves also.
As crazy as the idea is, the only thing holding me back is my charge, Kelly. Always the professional, my obligation is to her safety first and making a move now will definitely result in an unacceptable outcome. Yet, it's a tough call for me.
When a single shot from a nine-millimeter suddenly sounds off, my heart soars. This single shot is swiftly followed by three more rounds in rapid succession. There is no doubt now that Eddy just took out one of the bastards, especially when we hear no return fire.
"Way to go girl," I whisper into the mic for Kelly's sake. Despite the tension and fear that is gripping her, she turns toward me with a knowing smile.
Just then, I see two men in flight gear followed by a third with a balding head coming our way. While the two aviators continue on toward their bird, the bald man that I recognize from the night before in the woods, stops to shout instructions to the men running from the direction of the SUV parked across the intersecting road.
Glancing to my left, I notice the three men also setting off in the direction of the bald man, clearly looking for instructions. To my right, the two rednecks are climbing into the lifted pickup while the other two that had joined them are also trotting toward the bald man. To my surprise, three more men run past the side of the helicopter, their destination also the bald man that is obviously in charge of this operation.
As the bald man yells instructions, more automatic weapons open fire to the east. Through the trees, I see red lights flashing intermittently and then realize what I'm seeing are brake lights shining through the brush and foliage from vehicles racing east along the road. They are giving pursuit!
Suddenly, the men that ran up to the bald man turn away and retreat to their individual vehicles, their orders clearly stating that they too are to give pursuit. Unfortunately, the pilots are going to reach the helicopter before the thugs can reach their vehicles and the moment I open fire on them, our cover will be blown. Instead of giving chase, they will deal with the situation here, which is mainly me.
The sky is beginning to lighten in the east as the sound of gunfire recedes. Eddy is doing her job, now we have to do ours.
The co-pilot reaches the helicopter first and goes to the rear engine accessory hatch. To my amazement, despite the urgency of the situation, he is taking the time to do a pre-flight inspection. Lowering the gun back to its place between my thighs, I slip the knife from the sheath on my hip and lay it across my lap, the blade pointed toward the door. What I intend on doing will have to be done quickly and efficiently as there is no room for error. Moreover, I will only get one chance.
Unable to see where the co-pilot is, I sit back as deeply pressed into the pilot's seat as my muscular frame will permit. Tensed and ready to spring, I begin to push off from the back of the seat with my feet planted firmly against the floorboards, timing it so that I lunge at the same moment the door opens. The time has come, the adrenaline is flowing feverishly through my veins and then he reaches the door when he suddenly stops and yells at his co-pilot, his hand resting on the latch. "Jorge you fool, you left the side screens open," he yells angrily at his co-pilot. "Damn idiot," he mumbles under his breath as he flips the latch and pulls open the door.
Moving with all the swiftness of a predatory cat, I reach out with my left hand and grab his collar. Before he can call out a warning, I slice open his throat; the only sound is that of his last breath gurgling through the bloody wound.
Yet, it is only a silencing wound and not an instant end to life. Instinctively, the pilot frantically steps back, trying futilely to get away from me and warn the others. But I have a firm grip on his collar and before he can break loose, I jam the blade with tremendous force into his chest, working it in deeply and then twisting it for maximum damage.
Death comes quickly and silently.
Still holding him upright with my left hand, I extract the knife and lay it across my lap, immediately flipping switches and bringing the start sequence into play. Slowly, too slowly, the blades begin to rotate and the jet turbines begin a slow grinding whine.
"Hey, what the hell are you doing?" comes the voice of an angered co-pilot from somewhere behind the helicopter.
Whispering into the microphone, I ask Kelly if she can see him. After a frantic peek out the side curtain, she shakes her head, indicating negatively.
At just that moment, he appears next to the dead pilot. Grabbing the dead pilot's shoulder, he yanks on it in an attempt to spin him around while heatedly yelling at him, "Just what the hell is going on with you. You could have gotten me killed!"
Releasing the body and letting it fall, the co-pilot only has time to say, "What the?" before I jam the nine-millimeter against his breast plate and squeeze off a round. He stumbles backwards, dead before he hits the mud.
The sound of the shot is only partially muffled by the nearness of the muzzle to his body and it immediately draws attention. Fortunately, most of the thugs have returned to their vehicles by this time and with the motors running don't take notice.
However, one man in particular does notice as our gazes lock across the hazy light of an early predawn morn.



**35**
Though my recollection of him has been slow in coming, his recollection of me is immediate, and so is the hatred. Even at this distance, I see the corner of his lip turn up in a sneer of pure evil and for a fleeting moment, I am again torn between flight and fight. The man standing before the helicopter is one of the vilest men this world has ever known. The list of atrocities he has personally executed upon innocent people by his own hand or had done under his authority is extensive.
When we first met, I was still in service to our wonderful country. My mission at the time was to extricate civilian American tourists held captive by his army of mercenary thugs. They were supposedly acting on behalf of their own country at the time and took our mission as a direct attack against their tyrannical government. What we uncovered can't be described in words. For humanities sake, we extracted what remains we could for proof of the atrocities that took place in that Hell hole of a prison. Needless to say, none of the hostages were alive by the time we arrived.
Three months later, the dictator of that country was assassinated during a coup that was backed by friendly contributions. To my amazement, the emerging general from that coup was none other than the man now standing before me, General Alveraz. As general of his country's Army and self-proclaimed dictator, he was an easy man to keep track of and his sick habits never changed. In fact, the reports of human rights abuses and torture of innocent people increased once he didn't have to answer to any superiors.
When the outrage became unbearable, we were sent back with a mission of another nature. Unfortunately, our intelligence wasn't accurate and instead of cutting the head off the monster, we were forced to use our resources just to get out alive. I did get the opportunity to meet the general however, and before I left him, carrying two of his bullets in my flesh, he felt the edge of my knife across his face. To my humiliation and disappointment for which I had to suffer through many hours of ridicule from the others that made it out, his wounds were only cosmetic, the scars adding to the crookedness of his perpetual sneer.
But he looked into my eyes that night so long ago and he read the message in them loud and clear; this is not over!
We could end it now, one way or another, but the call isn't mine. Sitting in the seat next to me is the only thing that matters right now. Sure, I could step out of this bird and we could shoot it out, more than likely I'll even kill him. But what then? Do his guys kill me next and then my charge?
And what about Eddy? She is racing ahead of a bunch of thugs shooting at her with automatic weapons while trusting in me to be on the other side with the helicopter to whisk her away to safety. If I'm not there when she gets there, they'll have her trapped with nowhere else to run.
I can't do it, though every sinew of my being is screaming at me to kill him.
The rotors are whirring above our heads as he reaches into his coat and pulls out a handgun. Planting his feet firmly on the muddy ground, he extends his right hand and takes aim while I push the throttles full forward, listening impatiently to the increasing pitch of the turbines.
As if in slow motion, I see a puff of smoke and flame emerge from the barrel of his gun. The bullet strikes the windscreen directly in front of Kelly's face sending out an array of spider tracks from a quarter-sized circle of powdered glass. In the headset I hear Kelly gasp as she sucks in a breath.
Though the bird isn't ready to lift, it has grown light enough to pivot on its gear, and I wrench the control hard right, putting my side of the bird between him and Kelly. No longer is the thick Plexiglas windscreen between us as I raise the nine-millimeter in my right hand. Through the open side curtain, I let off three shots in rapid succession as he fires a second round. Because the bird is still moving in a circle and my shots are hasty, all three fly wide of their target as his second bullet strikes the metal trim next to my head.
A third shot hits the fuselage between the cockpit and cargo bay, and then the tail of the bird is facing him and I pull back on the stick, risking a stall but no longer caring if we have the revolutions for lift off or not. If I let the bird continue to swing around it will put Kelly right in the line of fire, and I can't allow that.
The bird lifts, and then flutters and trembles on the verge of losing control. Instinctively, I drop the nose and see the lifted pickup backing into our path to cut us off. But we are not flying an airplane and thus are not restricted by the same dynamics. Almost recklessly, I push the controls clear over to the right while simultaneously working the rudder pedals, sending us into a dive at the ground in front of the pickup. It's a huge risk, but it pays off in spades as I feel the controls respond to the suddenly increased airspeed. The look of pure terror on the driver's face of the pickup as the running gear barely clears his hood is priceless. If he was sucking on a cigarette, he just swallowed it.
Shooting across the meadow at a rapidly increasing ground speed, I raise the nose and barely lift her above the tree line while pressing on the rudders to bring her around to the east. In the clearing below, I see muzzle flashes from automatic weapons as they fire wildly into the predawn sky after us. But we are already out of effective range and moving at an angle that would be hard to adjust for except by the best of marksmen.
"You okay?" I ask, speaking calmly into the microphone.
"Ye, yeah," she stutters. "I think so."
"Keep an eye posted for any sign from down below," I instruct, attempting to keep her mind off of what just happened. It's never easy watching someone die, and I can't afford for her to go into shock.
In silence, I study the gauges for any telltale signs of damage. The temperature warning lights are blinking madly, but only as a warning to the pilot that the helicopter is not ready for liftoff. Hydraulics and fuel pressures are slowly stabilizing while still climbing into operating range.
Unfortunately, this is a stripped down civilian version of the more robust military bird. The military bird would have been more heavily armored for protection and would have rockets and automatic cannon mounted in the nose and on the landing gear. If that had been the case, I would have taken her back and finished my business with the General.
But since that isn't the case, I can only do what I must do and right now that is get Eddy out of the predicament that she put herself in for our sake.
Easing back on the throttle to slow our airspeed, I lower the nose and bring her back down to the treetops. Although we can't make out the road below the forest canopy, we follow it as best we can just in case Eddy became stranded and is in trouble.
"Down there!" Kelly suddenly yells into the microphone, her excited voice loud in my ears.
Glancing at her, she is pointing excitedly down at the trees to our right. "What do you see?" I question her, unable to discern anything in the hazy darkness below us.
Directly ahead, the sun is growing brighter along the edge of the horizon, but at ground level it is still just a hazy gray morass. Gently, I bank right, trying to bring the bird closer to where Kelly is indicating. However, when I look over at her again, her face is almost hanging out of the open side curtain as she studies what she can see of the ground.
Her voice apologetic, she almost whispers, "I must have been mistaken."
"What did you think you saw?" I ask, bringing the bird back on course.
"I'm not sure, but I thought I saw a puff of smoke," she slowly replies, her uncertainty growing.
Without warning, I jam down on the left rudder and swing the tail section around ninety-degrees. Kelly is rocked against the restraints and then pressed back into her seat, her face questioning what's going on. Better late than never, I say into the microphone, "Hang on!"
When we reach the area where Kelly thought she saw the smoke, I pull back on the throttle and lift the nose, bringing the bird into a hover just above the trees. Not moving, it is suddenly possible to make out bits of open ground through the foliage, and the first thing that catches my attention is a wrecked vehicle turned over on its side. Using my feet, I change the bird's position just enough so that I can see more of the surrounding area in bits and snatches.
"Over there! It's Eddy!" Kelly suddenly cries out.
Without hesitation, I point the nose of the helicopter in the direction that she's pointing and push the throttles forward just enough to give us a nudge before backing them off again. Among the thoughts racing through my head, the most prevalent is the fact that even if Eddy is down below and in trouble, there isn't anywhere to put this bird down.
Damn, what I would give for a pair of fifty calibers mounted in the nose of this thing!



**36**
In desperation, I twist around in the seat and look into the cargo bay. To my surprise, clamped above the rear jump seats is a military machine gun. Strapped to the floor between the seats is an ammo box marked 50CAL.
At just that moment, we take several rounds from the ground through the tail section. Instinctively, I pull back the controls and play with the rudders, turning the belly of the bird in the direction of the shots until we can back out of the area.
"Where the Hell are you Eddy?" I unintentionally mouth into the mic, thinking the thought aloud.
"She's southeast of a rocky outcropping, maybe fifty feet due east of the tipped pickup," Kelly says, startling me. "I think they have her pinned down."
"Damn!" I cuss ineffectually. "Kelly, I need you to do something."
"Anything," she quickly replies, eager to help.
"I need you to climb into the cargo compartment and take down that large rifle strapped to the rear bulkhead. Do you think you can do that?"
Twisting around in her seat, she quickly surveys the situation and without a word, pulls off the headset and un-straps her harness. With the agility of a child, she climbs out of her seat and scrambles through the small opening between the seats leading into the cargo bay. Once through, she gets off her knees and standing in a crouch, works her way back to the weapon secured to the back wall. Because the side curtains are open in addition to the starboard bay door, the downdraft of the rotors is howling through the bird making it virtually impossible for her to hear me.
Reaching through the opening, I point at the headsets hanging beside each seat and indicate for her to put one on. Understanding my intent, she reaches for the one on her left and slips it over her head. "Can you hear me?"
"Yes," she yells into the mic, overcompensating for the rushing wind.
"Can you un-strap the rifle from the wall and insert it into the bracket on the floor by the door without falling out?"
While talking to her, I point at the recessed bracket on the floor in front of the cargo bay opening and just off to the rear slightly. With a nod of her head, she undoes the bindings securing the machine gun to the bulkhead and takes the bulk of the weight in her arms. For a moment she sways under the load and my heart skips a beat as I worry that she might lose her balance and fall out the open door. Holding the bird as steady as I can, I guide her through the motions of securing the weapon to the floor. "Make sure you feel it lock."
Giving the rifle a lift on the stock and pivoting it from side to side, she turns back to the ammo box. The hasp has a small lock on it and she takes a moment to find something with which to twist it off. When she finds the tool box under the starboard seat backed up to the cockpit, she undoes the clasp and removes a short pry bar. Without hesitation, she slides across the deck on her hip and quickly breaks the hasp clean off. Lifting the lid, she is confronted by a continuous chain of fifty-caliber rounds, each connected by 2 small brass links.
"How do I load it?" she cries into the mic, befuddled and frustrated by the unknown.
"It's a piece of cake, darling. Don't worry; I'll walk you through it."
After instructing her to slide the box over to the left side of the rifle, I guide her step by step through the process of inserting the first round in the chain into the magazine, realigning the ammo box to avoid jams, and then locking it down and cocking the firing mechanism. "Now listen very carefully Kelly, this next step is very important. Don't hold the trigger for more than five seconds without giving it a breather. And whatever else you do, don't spray bullets in Eddy's direction!"
"I know how to shoot a gun," she mouths exasperatedly, rolling her eyes at me.
"And Kelly, you hold onto that weapon for life." For some reason, whoever outfitted this bird with the old weapon hadn't taken the time to install life lines; there was no way to secure the young girl to the helicopter.
With a scrutinizing eye, I study her and the weapon for a long moment, unsure whether I should be exposing her to such extreme danger. Eddy and I knew the risks when we signed on. My mission is the girl's safety, not risking it for Eddy. The least I'll get out of this if everything goes right is a terrible scolding from Eddy. The worst is something I can't even consider, because if I do, I'll be forced to fly out of here and not look back.
"Kelly," I mouth into the mic. "I'm going to put us right in their sights. When you see a muzzle flash, you point that barrel at it and give a solid squeeze of the trigger." I pause for a moment before adding, "We can't go down there and pick her up. All we can do is reduce the threat to her and buy her time to reach the clearing. In order to do that, we have to draw their fire."
"I'm not a little kid, Mac," she bravely states into the mic.
Under my breath, I wish us Godspeed and while increasing revolutions to increase maneuverability, I lower us down with the open side of the belly exposed to the animals below.



**37**
Hovering just above the treetops, I slide us along ninety degrees perpendicular to our direction of travel with a slight downward tilt on the starboard side. Kelly is lying prone on the steel plated deck of the open bay with her feet splayed out behind her, the open sights of the machine gun pointing slightly downward. She is concentrating furiously through each break in the foliage, desperately seeking something to shoot at.
When we pass over the wrecked pickup and don't draw any ground fire, I realize immediately that Eddy is on the run and the enemy is in hot pursuit. With that realization, another worry presents itself; she doesn't realize that it was us in the helicopter. Instead of seeing us as coming to her aid, she might be thinking of the helicopter as just another threat, another weapon at the cartel's disposal to bring her flight to an end. She has no way of knowing whether our attempted theft of the helicopter was successful or not.
However, I quickly put the thought out of my mind. Eddy believes in me; for that reason alone, she will act on the assumption that our attempt was successful.
"They must be on the move," I mouth into the mic. "I'm going to assume Eddy is still trying to make it to the rendezvous so we can set down to pick her up. I'll fly a course to intercept. And Kelly, when you sight on a target, aim low. The trajectory from being above your target will carry the lead right to them."
When she doesn't reply, I glance over my shoulder, impressed by the determination I see in her face as she continues staring down the barrel of the automatic weapon. She is quite the kid, I muse. Her father must be very proud.
My thoughts are suddenly interrupted by the sound of small arms fire. The machine gun responds almost instantly, a short burst followed almost immediately by another short burst. The recoil bucks through the airframe, vibrating the helicopter like a duck shaking off rain drops.
"Take it back!" Kelly yells excitedly into the microphone.
Without hesitation, I adjust the controls and play with the rudders, feathering the tail section around in a one-hundred-eighty degree rotation. Before the bird is fully around, the machine gun rattles the airframe again, this time for a full five seconds.
"Gotchya, you bastards!" Kelly screams excitedly.
Twisting around in the seat, I'm momentarily taken aback by the grimace of delight on the young girl's face when she suddenly pivots the weapon as far to her right as the mount will allow. Following her lead, I adjust the rudders to bring the bird around for her. This time there is only a single shot from the machine gun followed by silence.
"Kelly!" I call out, spinning around in the seat, expecting the worse.
"I think it's jammed!" she calls out, trying desperately to work the bolt mechanism.
At just that moment, several rounds pierce the hull, forcing me to back away before they strike something vital.
The airframe rattles again followed by Kelly's excited cries, "Yahoo!"
My voice calm, I say into the mic, "Go easy back there kid. I think you're enjoying this way too much."
"Sorry," she humbly replies. "I got a little carried away, didn't I?"
"What can you see back there? Any sign of Eddy?"
"None, but I think they figured out we're not on their side," she says, her voice still shaking from the adrenaline and excitement.
"I'm going to take us past them and double back. Keep an eye peeled for Eddy," I inform her, giving her a chance to come down from her adrenaline high.
Now that Eddy is on foot and no longer following the road, her distance from the rendezvous point is much less. However, since she is on foot, it will take her much longer to reach the rendezvous.
Because I'm intently studying the forest below us, it takes a few moments for me to realize yet another yellow warning light is blinking on the console. Glancing at it, I realize with some dismay that one of those bullets from below must have nicked the hydraulic line for the starboard rudder control. The loss of pressure is minimal at this point, but gradually the reserve hydraulic oil will be gone and I'll lose use of the right rudder. Without rudder control, we'll go into a tailspin and spiral back to earth.
Yet, I have too many other things demanding my attention to worry about something that may or may not happen before we're done with this old bird. "Kelly," I yell into the microphone. "Kelly, can you hear me?"
"Loud and clear boss," she yells back. Throwing a quick glance into the cargo bay, I see her cheek pressed against the handle grips of the machine gun as she looks along the length of the barrel in search of something or someone to shoot at. With pride, I realize that only a day earlier, I never would have given her credit for having such courage.
And then I remember the night she came into the pub and seduced me into climbing into the limo. The look in her eyes that night was of a fearless predator, not a young school girl. Without a doubt, there is a lot more to this girl than first meets the eye; she's got a lot of sand.
"Anything?"
"I thought I might have heard something a little bit ago that sounded like 'popping' noises. But I couldn't say for sure," she yells back.
If she heard gunfire over the sound of the engines with the wind rushing through the cargo bay, it can only mean that the pursuit is still off our starboard side. With a gentle touch on the rudders, I ease the bird sideways to starboard. Although the pedals respond properly, I'm overly sensitive to their feel and immediately suspect a change, even though I realize that it's just in my mind at this point. When they truly begin to act up, there won't be any doubt about it.
"I'm going to keep going the way we are. If you see anything, don't waste time telling me, just give em Hell."
For a brief second, I force my eyes away from the trees down below and study the console, taking the time to read each instrument of import. When we left the ground, the fuel gauge was reading well over four-thousand pounds. Now it was down to less than one. We weren't only losing hydraulic fluid, we were also losing fuel.
"Kelly, we're only two-miles from rendezvousing with Eddy. But at this rate, we're going to run out of fuel before we get there. I'm going to point the nose forward and try to keep Eddy's route on your side. If you see anything, let me know and I'll set you up for some target practice, just don't waste the ammo, we might be needing it sooner than not," I yell into the microphone.
When she doesn't answer, I look over my right shoulder. Seeing no change in her stature, I yell into the mic again, "Did you copy that?"
"Over there!" she suddenly screams, her voice high with excitement as she twists the weapon as far to the right as the mount will allow it to pivot.
Stepping hard on the right rudder, I pull back on the controls and line up the cargo door with the place on the ground that seems to have her full attention. "It's Eddy! I think she just saw me."
"How is she? Can you tell if she's all right?" I yell back, unable to keep the concern and anxiety out of my voice.
"She's not wearing the slicker anymore," was all I got for an answer, which only made sense since it was such a bright color against the dull drab of the forest.
"Can you tell if their still pursuing?"
It isn't necessary for her to answer, when she suddenly opens up with a long burst from the automatic weapon. "Run Eddy, run," she mouths aloud, unaware that I can still hear her.
"Hold this position," Kelly yells into the mic, intent on something.
Doing as she asks, though I worry that I'm making us an almost stationary target, in the last few minutes I've come to respect the girl and her judgment like I never dreamed possible.
However, as bullets begin striking the airframe with more regularity, I grow increasingly concerned for Kelly's safety. But when she calmly and steadily returns their fire with short, controlled bursts of her own, I force myself instead to relax and concentrate on the damage we're taking from holding our position.
My ears are suddenly pierced by a loud scream that abruptly stops, causing my heart to leap into my throat and making it impossible to breathe. Expecting the worse, I spin around frantically in the pilot's seat, straining against the harness to see what happened.
"Kelly!" I cry.



**38**
To my surprise and relief, she is rolling onto her side, a grin stretching from one ear to the other as she looks up at me. Taking a deep breath, I ask, "Would you mind sharing with me?"
"Eddy just gave me the thumbs up and signaled that she is going in a straight line for the rendezvous point." Smiling smugly she adds, "I think I may have discouraged her pursuit for the time being. Or, at least what's left of them."
Understanding immediately sinks in, along with a generous helping of pride. "Well done, girl," is all I can say, finding myself momentarily at a loss for words.
Pressing the rudders and pushing the throttle forward, I pull up the nose and make a beeline of our own for the rendezvous point. It shouldn't take Eddy more than thirty-minutes to reach it, and I have a few things to do before she gets there, one of them being an assessment of the damage to the aircraft.
Within a matter of less than three-minutes, we break out over the tree lined meadow, the incline where we spent the other night a quarter-mile off to our right. Checking the fuel level, I realize that the damage to the bird is secondary to the fact that we don't have enough fuel to reach the casino anyway. Putting the nose down, I decide to make a quick sweep of the meadow and as far east as possible; there is no doubt that once I land this helicopter, it's not going back up.
With an audible sigh of relief, we don't see any evidence of the enemy along the perimeter. Our campsite of the previous night is desolate and deserted. "No one's been through here since us," I inform Kelly, who has taken up her earlier position with the machine gun.
Approaching the spot where the road enters the trees, I decide to place the helicopter as far in as the rotors will allow, intending to use the dead bird as a roadblock. Satisfied, I back off on the revolutions and gently set her down, the surrounding brush whipping wildly from the prop-wash when a loud bang suddenly assails our ears.
Instinctively, I kill the electrics and slip out of the harness. Flinging open the cockpit door, I flip off the headset and jump out, a distance of less than two-feet between the belly of the bird and the tall grass.
Pain instantly shoots up my leg as it buckles beneath me, unable to withstand the impact of my landing. "Damn!" I angrily cry out, frustrated and maddened by the handicap.
Determined not to let it slow me down, I grab the side of the chopper and pull myself into a standing position. Hobbling on my left foot, I reach the cargo bay and slide the port bay door aside. Kelly is within, a ribbon of smoke curling up through the open door on her side, as she dismounts the machine gun.
"Let me give you a hand with that," I tell her, pulling myself into the bay.
Taking the rifle with both hands, I lift it up to my chest. A sharp searing pain like someone stabbing me in the ankle causes me to flinch, and Kelly is quick to notice. "Are you all right?" she asks, concern on her face.
"You're starting to sound like Eddy," I grumble, forcing a smile. When she doesn't move, but just stands there looking at me, I add, "I'll be just fine." Her continued gaze says that she is still not satisfied, so I say, "It just stiffened up from lack of use."
Though her face says she still doesn't believe me, she hesitantly turns and bends down to the ammo box, of which there is less than a quarter remaining. "If you're certain that you can handle the gun, I'll bring the bullets," she says, flipping the lid shut and closing the hasp so it can be carried.
Using the rifle as a crutch, I turn around to the open bay door and ease myself down to a sitting position, my legs dangling loosely over the side. The smoke is increasing and I notice for the first time that it has an acrid tinge to it. Sucking my breath in and holding it, I place my feet on the ground and still using the rifle for a crutch of sorts, step away from the bay. To my surprise, the pain isn't quite as bad, causing me to wonder if maybe I wasn't so far from the truth after all and it really was just stiffening up from lack of use. "Come on Kelly, we need to get away from this spot and find us a defensible position."
"Coming," she says, jumping easily from the steel deck with the box of ammo held out before her. As we start walking along the road next to the tree line in the direction of the place where we spent the previous night, Kelly suddenly asks, "So how do we get back to the casino now?"
"Walk if we have to," I casually remark, studying the tree line and trying to pinpoint exactly where Eddy might be emerging from it based on where we last saw her and the terrain of the land that she would have to cross.
"Like that's going to happen," she derisively comments, looking at my pathetic hobbling motions. After a moment of silence, she says, "I could jog back. I know the way from here easy enough."
"I don't think I'm going to be up to running anytime soon," I distractedly reply, seeing a break in the trees that looks promising.
"I meant alone," she says hesitantly. "You and Eddy can work your way back as quickly as you can, but I'll jog on ahead. I could be back by nightfall," she wistfully adds.
"Not going to happen," I dist her out of hand, not taking her seriously. "Come on, this looks like the place," I add, turning off the road and cutting into the taller grass beneath the first trees of the woods. "Over there," I continue, seeing a heavy log that blew down in the last year or so lying parallel with the road.
When I start off toward it, I realize that she isn't following and turn back to face her. "No Kelly, you're not going off without us."
"But you said it yourself," she stubbornly pleads, her chin jutting out reminding me that she is still just a child after all. "If we don't get back before they transport him to the courthouse, they'll kill him." Her voice becoming a bit hysterical, she almost cries, "He's my father, my daddy."
"And we're going to do everything to ensure his safety, Kelly. But you're not going on ahead without us, it's just too dangerous. Now come on, bring the ammo over here so we can set up the gun on that fallen tree and cover Eddy's back when she arrives," I say with finality, clearly indicating that the discussion is over.
"No!" she says determinedly, not moving.
"Kelly, we'll discuss this further if you like, once Eddy gets here. But until then, please, do as I say," I plead with her, cutting her a lot of slack because of the stress she is under for such a young kid. I'm not sure what I would do if the roles were reversed.
"You can't stop me," she suddenly cries out, setting down the ammo box. "If I take off right now, there's no way you can catch me with your bum leg."
"Kelly, get that thought out of your head right this minute," I command. "You don't even want to see what I will do if I have to," I finish, forcing myself to stand a little straighter for effect.
The truth is, if she does decide to take off on her own, I'm not sure if I'll be able to overtake her or not. Of one thing I am certain, if I don't catch her within the first hundred-feet, I won't catch her at all.
Studying her, I realize that she is on the fence, indecision keeping her from moving one way or the other. Softening my voice, I decide to try pleading with her instead of the hard line approach. "Kelly, I promise you, we will do everything within our power to reach your dad before it's too late. But you have to trust us. Please, wait until Eddy gets here before you do something stupid. By now, they have sent reinforcements up the road from that direction. If they catch you out on the road they'll shoot you before you have a chance to duck for cover. How is that going to help your dad? How do you think your dad will take the news of your death when he survives this?"
Lowering her eyes to the ground, her resolve crumbles. In silence, she picks up the ammo box and falls in behind me. "We'll set it up facing in that direction," I say, changing the subject.
When the rifle is properly balanced and the ammo chain engaged into the magazine again, I pull myself up beside it and straddle the fallen tree, taking the weight off my ankle. The boot laces are tight once again and I realize that it's not healing. Something inside the flesh is out of place, whether it's broken or not, I'm just not sure anymore. But getting off it seems to help, and that's enough for now.
"Would you like some crackers?" Kelly says, breaking the silence as she fishes into her jacket pockets.
"Where'd you get those?" I ask, extending my hand. "I thought we dumped the sack when we went for the chopper."
"When we ate last, I put the cracker packs in my pockets for a snack. Of course, I didn't realize then that they might be the only food we'd have at some point in the near future," she says, making light of the fact.
"Yeah, this probably isn't the fun camping trip that you thought it was going to be," I apologize.
She thinks for a moment before saying, "It's not your fault. But no, this isn't quite what I envisioned when daddy told me he was sending me away for a couple of weeks. This is much more exciting," she grins, putting on a brave face.
Straddling the fallen tree with the machine gun positioned between us, we chew on dry crackers in silence while studying the surrounding area. After finishing off a packet each, Kelly suggests that we save the rest for Eddy. "I'm sure she'll have worked up an appetite by the time she gets here," I agree, wishing for a shot of rum to wash the dry things down.
Sensing a change in the woods, I instantly order Kelly down as I likewise slide down behind the log. Though we are both expecting it to be Eddy, we can't afford to take any chances. Slipping the nine-millimeter from the shoulder holster, I double check that the safety is off and then softly slide the bolt, verifying that she's ready for action. While doing so, I notice that Kelly also retrieved the thirty-two and is checking the cylinder's position so that the hammer is resting on a live round.
Crouching behind the horizontal tree, the machine gun just inches away from my head and resting almost three-feet off the ground, I indicate for the girl to stay down while I slowly raise my head to take a look. There isn't any movement or noise that triggers my survival instincts, but rather a quietness that wasn't there before. Whether real or imagined, I can't say for sure, but I've always listened to and trusted my instincts and they haven't let me down yet.
Intently, I study the area before us. Just when I'm about to hunker back down, I catch a flicker of movement out of the corner of my eye. It doesn't appear to be anything more than a soft breeze causing a limb to sway up and down. However, there is no breeze, especially farther back into the trees. And moreover, there are no other limbs swaying near it.
If my ankle wasn't giving me problems, I would slip off into the woods and take a closer look. But stealth isn't currently my strong suit, so I bite my lip and silently study the area near the limb, patiently waiting for another sign of movement.
I don't have long to wait before I catch sight of movement in the taller grass nearer the edge of the tree line, this time much closer to our position. Whoever is out there is slowly working their way toward us. But is their destination simply the road behind us, or has our position been compromised?
Feeling exposed like a sitting duck, it takes all of my will and determination to remain behind the fallen tree. Under any other circumstances, I would already be out there closing in on them, silently taking out the scouts one man at a time without the others even suspecting their loss.
Although I have yet to see an actual person, I have pinpointed their location. It's a sixth sense of mine that has kept me alive through many skirmishes and wars. Catching Kelly's eye, I hold a finger to my lips and then slowly move into position behind the rifle, my finger automatically going to the trigger even before I raise my head above the fallen tree.
Coming toward us at a full out run is none other than Eddy. She is less than seventy-five feet from us when I pivot the M-sixty to the right and let off a burst, the bullets ripping through limbs and leaves with relative ease.
Eddy, seeing my face behind the sights of the machine gun actually smiles, and then zigs crazily off to her right, opening up a lane directly behind her for me to pour lead. Even as I swing the barrel of the machine gun back to my left, I see a man stagger out of the brush off to my right, his clothes a ragged bloody mess from the large caliber bullets tearing through him.
With practiced ease, I lay down cover fire for Eddy, forcing the unseen targets to hug the ground while she covers the last few feet and throws herself over the fallen tree. No sooner does she hit the ground, and then she is scurrying like a chipmunk toward us along the side of the fallen tree.
Giving the barrel a moment to cool down from the extended burst, I study the foliage beneath the trees for movement. Meanwhile, Eddy has reached Kelly and is giving her a warm embrace. "Did you have a nice stroll through the woods Little Red Riding Hood?" I tease, smiling down at her and Kelly with nothing but love and pride in my eyes.
Returning the smile, she replies, "Yeah, and I think I might have brought the Big Bad Wolf with me."
"Well, not to fret, I just happen to have some wolf bane handy," I acknowledge, glancing back in the direction from which she just came. The leaves and limbs have stopped waving from the onslaught of lead and all is now quiet. The fire power of the M-60 machine gun can be quite intimidating.
Satisfied that the enemy has been sufficiently intimidated for the time being, I crouch down next to Eddy and Kelly. Eddy is the first to turn a questioning face toward me, "You're not offering a lady a ride in the helicopter, so I'm going to assume that's no longer an option. So now what do we do?"
"Well, I had hoped to fly out of here with the chopper, but you're right, that option is gone. We were lucky to set it down when we did and even if they get it restarted, by now the rudders will be useless. So, unless we find something other than what I'm expecting, we may be in for a lengthy hike." At the mention of hiking, Eddy's gaze goes to my right ankle. "Don't worry about me," I start to say when she cuts me off.
"What if we splint it to take some of the weight off of it? Do you think that might help?" she asks, not trying to argue with my stubbornness.
"If we can secure it tight enough to my lower leg, it might make a big difference," I agree, not relishing the thought of having to hike on it and yet, unable to come up with an alternative plan.
"Here," Kelly says, undoing her leather belt from her waist and twisting around to put her back against the tree. "If we can find a couple of short, stout limbs, we can tie them with this."
"I never would have taken you for the nurse type," I smile, rising to study the woods for movement. Looking over the barrel of the machine gun, I study the pivotal mount for a moment, when an idea suddenly blossoms in my brain. Taking hold of the weapon, I slide it off the fallen tree and retreat a couple of steps, balancing the weapon across my left forearm. "Eddy, remove the front mount."
When she unclips it, I place the weapon back on the fallen tree and then settle down behind it, placing my right ankle and shin across Kelly's lap. "This is perfect," she says, laying the legs of the mount to either side of my ankle. "Can you hold his foot up and steady it for me while I snug this tight," she says to Eddy.
"Sure. You know, you're pretty good at this kind of stuff. When I realized it was you guys in the helicopter, I figured it had to be you manning the machine gun, since I knew Mac would be piloting the chopper."
"Mac told me what to do," she replies a bit sheepishly, uncomfortable at receiving a compliment.
"Even so, not many people would have had the balls to actually fire a machine gun from a helicopter while in flight. If Mac hasn't said anything, I'm certain he'll agree with me when I say that you are one hell of a girl, Kelly."
Blushing, she wrenches the belt tight sending a sharp bolt of pain up my leg, rocketing into my crotch like a stray bullet. With sweat beading on my forehead, I grit my teeth and silently wait for the pain to subside. "How does that feel?" she asks, studying her handiwork with a touch of humble pride.
"I think you did a hell of a nice job on it, Kelly," Eddy quickly asserts, sensing my pain and playing it down for the girl's sake.
Taking a breath, I retract my leg from her lap and reaching against the side of the tree for support, pull myself up into a crouching position. Leaning forward, I study her work while catching my breath, the worst of the pain already receding. Gingerly, I put a little weight on it, and to my surprise, the pain is minimal.
Rising to my full height, I begin to compliment her, when a bullet bites into the bark of the fallen tree next to my right hand. Instead of dropping down to take cover, however, I spin around toward the woods and reflexively close my right hand on the trigger of the machine gun, instinctively searching out the target at the same time.
The second shot from the tree line sends up a small puff of smoke, the bullet whizzing past my head with a pop as it breaks the sound barrier. But even before the actual sound of the shot reaches my ears, the machine gun is rattling, sending lead cutting through the underbrush and saplings, the bullets quickly finding their mark and tearing into him with deadly ferocity.
As the body strikes the ground, lost in the tall grass, the machine gun falls silent. Experience tells me instantly that it's empty, the ammo belt having run its course. Though I am disheartened by this fact, I am also a bit relieved, because now there is no point in carrying the heavy weapon with us.
Pulling the weapon from atop the fallen tree, I throw it to the ground and shove it roughly in the crook between the tree and the ground, hiding it as best as I can without putting much time into it. "Maybe we'll get lucky, and they won't realize that we don't have it any longer," I add, pushing damp clumps of roots and weeds into the crevice to make the space appear as natural as possible.
Kelly and Eddy are on their feet now too as I retrieve the ammo box and set off toward the road at an angle. "Come on!" I command, working my way through the tall grass and scattered brush. My intent is to bring us out on the road as close to the crest of the incline where we spent our first night as possible.



**39**
To my surprise and delight, I am able to move swiftly and with little discomfort, thanks to the crude ankle brace. Although I cannot bend my ankle, I can put weight on it and push off from it with almost no pain. Yet, stealth is out of the question.
As we draw nearer the road, I pause for a moment to heave the ammo box far off into the brush, allowing Eddy and Kelly to take the lead. For a brief moment, I study our back trail, letting my instincts run freely in search of a threat.
Not sensing any immediate danger, I turn and hurry after them, overtaking them just as they reach the road. Kelly is hunched over, her hands on her knees while breathing deeply to catch her breath, her face flushed pink from the exertion.
Eddy is much less winded and strutting around like a runner attempting to walk off a wind-sprint during training. The color in her face is high from both the exertion and the coolness in the air, her long legs looking gracefully alluring. It occurs to me that I will never tire of admiring her beauty and strength as I proudly look on.
"Are you okay, Kelly," I ask, forcing myself to look away from Eddy when the young girl begins coughing.
"I'll be fine, just a little out of breath," she replies, trying to straighten up and put on a brave face.
Eddy looks at me questioningly before sidling up beside Kelly and putting a reassuring hand on her shoulder. With just the slightest nod of my head, Eddy understands immediately that I'm suspicious of the girl's behavior. A young girl displaying such fine physical attributes shouldn't be so short winded from the physical exertion that she'd been exposed. My gut is telling me that something isn't right and my gut is never wrong.
Self-consciously, Kelly covers her mouth and coughs again, her eyes darting furtively in my direction, effectively eliminating any prior doubts. "You need to tell us what's wrong, Kelly," I demand, my voice sounding harsher than I'd intended.
"It's nothing," she denies, unable to look me in the eye.
"Kelly," Eddy begins, appealing to her as a woman. "We're not going to judge you, but you need to tell us what's wrong so we can take it into consideration."
"You can't let my dad find out," she suddenly blurts, her voice on the verge of tears.
"No one is going to tell your dad anything. That's between you and him. We just need to know what your limitations are," Eddy continues, her voice sympathetic.
"I'm pregnant," she suddenly cries out, catching both Eddy and I off guard. "My dad can't find out, it'll absolutely kill him," she quickly adds, her voice trailing off as she's overcome with sobs.
Eddy, moving close and embracing the young girl, softly succors her with calming words while telling her that everything will work out and that she has nothing to fear. Meanwhile, I stand back in silence with no idea what to say or how to react. The only thing I am certain of is that her condition will play a part in our survival. And not in a good way.
"You don't understand," Kelly mouths between sobs. "I was raped."
As the words sink in, I suddenly realize that I can't keep quiet. If what she says is true, and I know in my heart that it is, then it needs to be brought out. Kept secret, it will only fester, one lie leading to another and that lie leading to yet another, all in an attempt to hide the truth until the truth can't be hidden any longer. And then what? It will rear its ugly head when it is least desirable, causing even more injury.
"Kelly, your father needs to know," I start, the sound of my voice bringing about an abrupt silence as she swallows her sobs. "He's an understanding man and he cares deeply for you. He can help you with this."
"You don't understand," she whispers, her voice barely audible. "My dad has very few friends. Most people that he knows are either business acquaintances or associates, all of them wanting something from him, be they favors or money."
"What are you trying to tell us, honey?" Eddy gently inquires, her voice filled with concern and empathy.
Kelly's voice takes on a cold and loathing anger as she answers, "His best and only friend did this to me. The man I used to call 'uncle'."
"Any man that could do such a thing is not a friend," I softly remark, barely able to control the mounting anger within.
"That's why he mustn't know," she pleads, her voice on the verge of fresh tears. "My dad is a wonderful man. He has always treated people with kindness and fairness. But he doesn't make friends easily. He doesn't have the time necessary to devote to the nurturing of friendships. And yet, he has always made time for?"
When her voice falters at the man's name, I pressure her to continue, which immediately elicits a glaring look from Eddy. "It's okay, Kelly, we can talk about this later if you want," Eddy says, trying to comfort the distraught girl.
"No, I need to tell someone. I can't keep it bottled up any longer," she cries, her voice growing more determined with each syllable. "It's John, John Catlin, daddy's Chief Financial Officer and confidant," she says, letting out a deep sigh as if a giant weight has been lifted from her shoulders.
"How does he fit into the mess your father's in?" I ask, wondering about her father's statement to me regarding his accountant and the drug cartel. "Does he have anything to do with the accountant?"
She almost laughs and then grows serious again, "I had the same exact thought. But daddy swore to me that John wasn't involved. In fact, he said if it weren't for John pleading on his behalf, he would have gone to jail instead of being the state's predominant witness."
"With your father and you out of the picture, what happens to the casino and all of your father's other holdings?" Eddy asks, picking up on my thoughts.
"John has power of attorney and takes over control of everything, including the day to day operation of the casino." She pauses for a long moment before adding, "Daddy has always said that if anything ever happened to him, John would step in and take over at the helm, including looking after me," she adds with a shudder.
"But without you in the picture either, by the time the state sorts everything out, he will have liquidated everything of value and moved the assets into overseas accounts in his name," I mouth, thinking aloud.
"Until two months ago, I never would have believed him capable of such an act," she says, feeling stronger by being able to voice her thoughts aloud and having sympathetic ears to listen and believe.
"People change," Eddy consoles. "Until recently, this man might have been good. Something may have happened to him not so long ago that caused him to change for the worse."
"Leopards don't change their spots, Eddy," I softly disagree. "He always had a bad seed buried within him. Maybe something just caused it to sprout and come to the surface, but it's always been there." In the moment of silence that follows, I look toward the west, studying the open meadow as well as the tree line in search of movement. From this spot, we are unable to see the helicopter setting just within the shadows of the woods. "We'll discuss this later," I offer, turning back toward them. "Right now, we need to cover some ground."
It only takes a few minutes to reach the top of the crest where we spent our first night. The splint on my ankle is working even better than I could have hoped for. Although I can't move with any stealth, especially in rough terrain, I can move quickly and without mind-numbing pain to distract me. From the top of the rise, we all pause to look toward the southeast, studying the road as it winds into the trees. If there were still men positioned at the stuck SUV in the creek, they may be approaching, having been drawn by the sound of gunfire.
But to our good fortune, for as far as we can see the road is devoid of life. Glancing at Kelly, I quickly determine she is ready to continue and am about to suggest as much when Eddy says, "You mentioned that he turned bad about two months ago. Is that also about the time he raped you?"
"Yes," she says with repressed anger, already shaking the guise that she is a helpless victim.
"You've kept this to yourself the entire time," Eddy states.
"Except for Cook, I don't really have any friends," she replies a bit sadly. "At least, none that I could confide in with something of this magnitude," she adds as an afterthought.
"You've got us," Eddy says, reaching out and putting a consoling hand on her arm. "We'll be here for you no matter what."
"You work for my dad, remember," she retorts, a bit sarcastically.
"This goes beyond the job, honey," Eddy quickly affirms.
"That's right Kelly," I add, sensing her disbelief, but wanting it to be so. "In my book, you're one fine lady. That will never change and neither will our friendship."
On the verge of tears, she manages to say, "Thank you." Daubing self-consciously at her eyes with the back of her hand, she suddenly blurts, "Don't we need to get going?"
"Yes," Eddy says softly, giving her arm a tender squeeze before releasing it.
After taking another quick glance behind us, we set off down the slope at a swift pace. There is no doubt in my mind that when the General and his thugs reach the helicopter, they will try starting it. If there had been something to use to sabotage it, I would have. But aside from the M-60 and the box of ammo for it, there wasn't anything else on board.



**40**
If time had permitted, I might have been able to booby-trap the ignition between the batteries and the fuel tank, but time wasn't permitting. Moreover, since the two experienced pilots are dead, there is always the possibility that with the small amount of remaining fuel, an inexperienced pilot might get it started and airborne before realizing they have no right rudder control, causing the bird to counter-rotate and crash. But that is a long shot that even a casino wouldn't be foolish enough to back. And besides, I hope to be long gone by then.
By the time we re-enter the shadows of the old growth fir trees, it is early afternoon, and the shade adds a welcome coolness to the air. Moving hurriedly along the overgrown road, I can't help but wonder why we aren't running head on into the General's thugs. It doesn't make sense that he wouldn't have left some men behind with the stuck SUV on the off chance that we retreated.
Unless they got the SUV out of the mud and caught up with the others at the clearing, having passed us in the night after we pulled off the trail. The General's plan might have been for them to keep pushing us from the rear, literally driving us into his main encampment. To his chagrin, however, we turned off and the pursuit went right on by. I can only imagine the look on his face when they arrived at camp and had to report that they hadn't passed us. That might explain some of the frustration on his face this morning when we locked eyes with each other through the wind screen of the helicopter.
Sometimes, there is just no accounting for dumb luck.
When we reach the last bend in the road before coming in sight of the creek bed and possibly the stuck SUV, I tap Eddy on the shoulder and signal her to take Kelly off to the side. Without a word, she draws her nine-millimeter and gently takes hold of Kelly's left arm, guiding her off to the left side of the trail.
Slowing to a hobbling walk, I continue forward with my own weapon leveled and ready for action. Just before coming into sight of the place where I remember the vehicle being mired up to its chassis in mud, I glance over my shoulder to confirm that Eddy has moved Kelly far enough off to the side of the trail to be out of sight.
Satisfied, I move forward while picking up my pace so that I suddenly break into view of the creek crossing. After a swift scan of the area and not seeing anything or anyone, I retreat a few steps and signal for Eddy to bring Kelly forward. When I see them step back onto the trail, I start forward again with my weapon still at the ready.
As I draw closer to the place where the SUV had been stuck, I notice the ground is rutted with lots of freshly cut brush trampled down and driven over. They literally built a road of small limbs and leafy brush for the vehicle to drive on until it cleared the edge of the creek. My earlier hunch was right. When they managed to get free, they attempted to chase us down and drive us into the General's waiting arms. To their misfortune, we found an old trail that isn't on the map anymore. And because they were so hot in pursuit and trying to impress their boss, they drove right on by it, missing us in the dark and rain.
"Where'd they go?" Eddy asks, drawing abreast of me with Kelly following in her footsteps.
"I'm thinking they passed us in the night while we were following that old skid trail," I say lightly, grinning with satisfaction.
"Lucky for us," she grins back. "But how long will it take for them to clear a path around the helicopter and overtake us with their vehicles while we're plodding along on foot?" she asks, her voice quickly losing its glee.
"Yeah, I was wondering the same thing," I reluctantly admit. "Let me see the map for a minute."
Taking the map from her jacket pocket, I unfold it enough to see the area we are currently in all the way to the highway off to the east. With an experienced eye, I study the terrain between the two points as well as the winding roads.
When I don't say anything for a long moment, Eddy gives me a critical look while asking, "What are you thinking?"
"I'm thinking the distance as a crow flies is less than half the distance by road. Although we can make much better time on the road, we run the risk of being overtaken and caught out in the open. Even if we manage to take cover before being shot, they will know our exact location and simply hunt us down with overwhelming men and firepower. However, if we detour into the woods here, working our way across country," I continue, indicating with my right index finger my proposed route. "We might get lucky for a second time."
"You're thinking that they're going to assume we continued on the road and won't even bother looking for us anywhere else?" Eddy says.
"They made that assumption last night," I brag in response to her comment.
"Yeah, and maybe they learned their mistake last night," she's quick to argue.
"Maybe, but I don't think so. And besides, do we really have any other choice? If we continue on the road on foot, it's only a matter of time before they overtake us. At least by cutting cross country, we have a chance at eluding them," I argue without compromise in my voice, having convinced myself in the process.
"But if we stay on the road, we have a chance at commandeering a vehicle of our own and outrunning them. In the woods, we are on our own with no chance at finding assistance," she continues arguing, intent on playing the part of the devil's advocate.
"It's still a long ways back to the main road and very few people use these branches except during hunting season," I state with finality, my mind being made up. "Plus, getting caught on the road with or without a vehicle will prove disastrous for us. We are low on ammo and they have bigger guns. Remember?"
"Okay, I'm convinced, let's go," she suddenly agrees, jumping across the muddy creek bed before turning off to her left and east.
With her mind made up, she realizes there isn't any point in wasting more valuable time while the General and his thugs are quickly closing the distance between us. With Kelly following close on her heels, I bring up the rear while doing what I can to hide our tracks. Once we are farther into the woods and well away from our entry point, we won't need to worry about hiding our tracks. But if we can help it, we don't want them knowing where we left the road, if and when they figure out that we did.



**41**
After an hour of fighting our way through dense stands of brush, tangling vines, and up and down rocky terrain, Kelly lets us know that she needs to rest. Because the sun is shining brightly, small patches of wet ground are lit up and steaming while other spots are almost dark as night. Hot and tired, I indicate a shaded place beneath a low hanging cedar bough that looks inviting. While Eddy and Kelly drop to their knees and then roll over onto their rear ends, I stand guard for a moment while listening to the surrounding sounds of the forest.
"I'm thirsty," Kelly grumbles, her breath rasping.
"Sorry, but we don't have anything to drink," I apologize. "If it's any consolation, we should be back to the casino by late night or early morning."
Reaching into her pocket, she pulls out a handful of brown, foil-wrapped parcels. "Would anyone care for some crackers?"
"Love some, thank you," Eddy says, taking a pack and tearing it open. "Even if we don't have water, the salt will give us energy," she fabricates.
"That's a new one on me," I teasingly laugh.
"Oh shut up, Mr. Know-it-all," she retorts, feigning indignation.
While Eddy munches on dry crackers, I silently study the map, mentally plotting out our course and putting the terrain to memory. Kelly, meanwhile, closes her eyes and lies back on a mulch of dead cedar fronds. Folding the map and stuffing it into my back jean pocket, I say in a hushed voice, "This might be a good time to take a nap."
To my surprise, instead of lying back beside Kelly, Eddy pushes off the ground and rises to her feet as if readying to continue. "I'll be back in a minute," she says, giving me a sidelong look before turning away and slowly working her way over a low hummock.
Assuming that she is going off to take care of personal business, I turn away and focus my thoughts on coming up with a plan regarding what we'll do once we reach the casino. Before I can give it much consideration though, the parting look Eddy gave me as she slipped away suddenly crashes back to the forefront of my mind. Without speaking a word, she gave me a sign and I was too preoccupied to pick up on it.
Turning in the direction she went, I fleetingly glance down at Kelly to see a sleeping child, and then set off after Eddy, my blood pumping with anticipation. Just over the edge of the ledge is a shallow, bowl-shaped depression, the ground covered with a thick layer of lush green moss. Sitting with her back to me is Eddy; her boots are already off while her toes wriggle playfully in the thick sensuous ground cover.
Dropping down beside her, my eyes studying her profile as she continues looking ahead, I begin to say something when she turns and places a finger against my lips, signaling me to silence. As she removes her finger, she puts her face close to mine and presses her lips tenderly against mine, their delicate moistness sending exhilarating sparks through my entire body.
Gently, I enfold her face in my hands, running my fingers caressingly through her tight, blond curls. From a distance, I'm aware of a painful tightness in my jeans that's begging to be let out. "I love you, Eddy," I whisper.
"Oh Mac," she sighs, her tongue seeking out mine as she turns her body to face me.
Moving slowly, I roll onto my back, pulling her willing body with me. Placing her hands on my chest, she pushes away and straddles me as her eyes look longingly down into mine. It would be so easy to lose myself in the deep blue depths, but I force myself to resist. "Eddy, we don't have time."
Paying me no heed, she unzips the front of her coat and exposes the fabric of her shirt beneath, her full, proud breasts pushing outward, her nipples hard and erect and not from the cold. My resolve swiftly fades as I reach up and encircle a breast with each hand, eliciting a victorious smile from her.
While I caress the fullness of her breasts, rubbing my thumbs over her nipples, she sensually undoes her waist snap and wriggles enough to work down the zipper. With her pant undone, she turns to mine, expertly undoing my belt and zipper. With a practiced thrust of my hips, she slides my jeans down enough to expose my swollen manhood. Sliding my hands down her waist, I wait for her to rise enough for me to slip her jeans down until she can pull her right foot free of the leg. Then, lowering herself down to her hands and knees, she smiles down at me with her face belying the anxiety of what is to come. With a hand on each of her bare hips, I guide her down onto me, the first touch of our naked flesh sending sharp thrills of anticipated pleasure throughout the rest of our bodies.
As her moist womanhood engulfs the entire length of me, she huskily whispers, "Oh Mac."
With my hands on her firm, round buttocks, I squeeze with increasing pressure, alternately lifting and pushing, her breathing growing steadily more erratic with each rise and fall of her body. When her body arches backwards and she suddenly grows rigid with tension, my hands slip along her belly, eliciting tiny quivers of delight until eventually finding their way under the fabric of her shirt. Taking a nipple between each index finger and thumb, I squeeze with a rolling motion, slowly intensifying the pressure, while listening to her quickening breaths.
In response, she squeezes her thighs together, literally sucking the manhood from my engorged member in a simultaneous climax.
When the moment passes, she slowly rolls off to the side and stretches out languorously on the soft green bed of moss, her arms writhing above her head. Looking up at the sky, her left breast and lower body unashamedly exposed to the universe, she says, "Mac, let's have a baby."



**42**
Although I shouldn't have been surprised, her statement catches me completely off guard. Hurriedly, I struggle to collect my thoughts before responding, overly fearful of saying the wrong thing. After all, in moments like this, there is always the risk of saying the wrong thing. First, I must figure out what prompted the comment and then weigh my statement carefully before mouthing it.
The first thing that comes to mind is Kelly and Kelly's pregnancy. Women are predictable when it comes to babies and weddings. Whenever someone they know is having one, they see the extreme joy and want the same. In this case, it's Kelly's announcement that she's pregnant. It's only natural that Eddy should want to be pregnant also.
While silently chastising myself, I wonder why I didn't see it coming. Weighing each word carefully, I begin, "Eddy, I love you more than life itself. But isn't this something we should discuss? After all, it's not like our lifestyles really have room for another responsibility of such magnitude."
Even before the words have left my mouth, I realize I haven't given them enough consideration. I should have just feigned excitement and played along. More than likely, the mood will pass just as soon as she gets away from Kelly and everything returns to normal, such as normal is.
"You don't want to have a baby with me?"
"That's not what I said," I argue feebly, knowing that this argument is a lost cause even before it gets off the ground.
"You didn't have to," she states, her voice sounding hurt and disappointed as she rises, simultaneously pulling her pants up.
Rising to look her in the face, I realize that if I want to continue having a relationship with this beautiful woman, I need to perform some quick and serious damage control. "Eddy," I start, placing a strong hand on each shoulder so she can't turn away. "I love you more than I have ever loved anything or anyone. If I were ready to have a child, I couldn't imagine it being with anyone but you."
"Why aren't you ready," she demands, her voice cracking with emotion as a tiny droplet forms in the corner of her eye.
"I didn't say I wasn't ready. I simply said that it's a subject that demands discussion and this is neither the time nor place."
With slumping shoulders, she feebly fumbles at tucking her shirt into her jeans and reclosing the zipper while resignedly agreeing, "Yes, I suppose you're right."
With the silence in the woods threatening to smother us, we are attending to our individual clothes when the glint returns to her eye and she asks, "Promise me, as soon as we fulfill our commitment to Sam and Kelly, we'll discuss this further?"
Without hesitation, I agree, "Absolutely."
Damn, I sure could use a shot of rum!



**43**
"Come on Kelly," Eddy softly whispers, leaning over the sleeping girl. "It's time to get moving."
Grumbling protestations, she takes Eddy's hand and stiffly rises to her feet. "Can't you just wake me when we get there?" she continues, not really expecting an answer and complying nonetheless.
"It won't be much longer," Eddy says, brushing needles and twigs from the girl's back.
Seeing that they're both ready, I set off at a brisk pace, Kelly quickly shedding the stiffness as she struggles to keep up. Within a matter of minutes, Eddy overtakes Kelly and draws abreast of me, leaving Kelly just a couple of steps behind us yet always in her sight.
"How's your side?" I inquire, hoping to keep the conversation away from babies and futures for now.
"There's still a little pain when I exert myself," she grins mischievously. "But I'm sure I'll live."
Before she can continue and possibly change the subject, I proceed to bring her up to speed on our location and the time frame till we reach civilization. "When we get within a mile or so of the highway, we'll have to switch back toward the road. So far, the map has been surprisingly accurate detailing the terrain. If it holds true, we should come across an old hiking trail somewhere in that vicinity."
When she starts to say something, I cut her off, pretending not to have heard her. "Of course, they've probably figured out by now that we're squeezing our information from the same map they have and there is a good chance we're going to run into them before then."
For the second time, when she starts to say something, I interrupt her. "I wish we'd had more ammo for the M-60," I start, when she suddenly cuts me off.
"Mac, I know what you're up to, so quit your worrying and listen to what I have to say. I don't have any intentions of putting you on the spot again. When you're ready to talk, we'll talk. Until then, I'll consider the subject off limits. Okay?"
"Fine," I sheepishly agree, glad that she can't see the humiliation on my face.
"What I want to talk about is what we do when we get closer to the road," she starts, the tone of her voice changing to reflect a more business-like attitude. "I'm thinking Kelly and I should go in one way while you go in another. We stand less chance of walking into an ambush if you flank us to the west and ahead."
"In case you haven't noticed, I'm tromping down everything in my path. Stealth is out of the ques?," I suddenly pull up, grabbing her by the arm and turning her to face me as the realization of what she's saying sinks in. Standing in the path before her, blocking the way, I say, "You want to use me for bait!"
"Mac, if I had any doubts of your abilities, I would never suggest such an idea," she starts, her tone defensive and yet, full of concern. "But I know you Mac. If anyone is capable of getting us safely through their net, it's you."
"Well, now that you put it that way," I grin, actually liking the idea, just a tad surprised that it came from her. "How are you holding up, Kelly?"
"Just a little out of breath. I could use something to drink, though. My mouth is so dry my tongue keeps sticking to the roof of my mouth. But I'll be fine just as soon as we get home."
"Well, that shouldn't be too much longer," I encouragingly reply with a smile.
Without another word, I turn back in the direction we're going and set off at a brisk pace. It had already crossed my mind that staying together was foolish, but I never expected Eddy to agree with me, much less, suggest the idea herself. Her actions just confirm my belief all the more that the mission comes first with her.
It takes us most of the night to cover what appeared to be a short distance on the map. Of course, that distance on the map is as the crow flies and we're not exactly crows. Lying between the road and us is a deep ravine, forcing us to back track. This set us back more than six hours, thanks to the numerous breaks we were forced to take. Then, after finding our way into the ravine, we were forced to traverse a swamp before climbing back up the far side.
When we break out of the foliage on the far crest, the sun is already rising in our faces. We are greeted by a panoramic view of hazy mountains that stretch for miles.
"Oh, it's beautiful," Eddy exclaims, pulling Kelly along by her hand.
"This is where we split up," I say, not letting my eyes linger against the bright morning sunlight. Retrieving the map from my back pocket, I offer it to Eddy, saying, "Familiarize yourself with this before we head out."
Taking the map, she unfolds it and studies the area between the highway and us. "Where do you want us to come out?"
Indicating a spot with my index finger, I tell her, "I need you to come out somewhere in this area. I'll be working my way down here, closer to the hiking trail. The going will be easier for me, and I'll adjust my speed accordingly."
"You know they'll be waiting for us," she solemnly remarks while absently studying Kelly for a moment.
"I'm going to be terribly disappointed if they aren't," I grin back.
Reaching into her jacket pocket, she pulls out a handful of nine-millimeter ammo and extends it toward me. "You hang onto it," I say, waving off her hand. "How much do you have for the thirty-two?" I ask, turning toward Kelly.
Leaning over with her hands on her knees to catch her breath, she slowly straightens and pulls out a small handful of the shorter ammunition. "I must have left the rest in the slicker," she says apologetically.
"Don't worry about it. If everything goes right, you won't need the gun anyway," I quickly offer, feeling disappointment but not wanting it to show. Turning back toward Eddy, I continue, "Set the fastest pace you can, but don't make any more noise than absolutely necessary. And whatever else, keep to the low ground unless you don't have any other choice."
Taking a small step toward her, she quickly responds and reaches out for me, pulling me into her embrace. "Be careful, Mac."
After giving her a warm kiss on the lips, I pull back and study her face for a moment, reading the concern in her eyes. To my surprise, I suddenly wish we had discussed the children subject when we had the opportunity. It didn't feel right, leaving her with so many doubts and questions.
Unable to think of anything else to say, I softly whisper, "We'll pick this up later."
It isn't necessary for me to explain what we'll pick up later, as she silently nods while stepping aside for me to pass.



**44**
Within five minutes, I am within sight of the old hiking trail. If there is an ambush waiting for us, it will be either along the trail proper or at the trailhead where it joins the old logging road. And because the General hadn't left anyone to contain our back trail at the creek bed where the SUV was stuck, he probably didn't send anyone down this trail to intercept us either.
Yet, that doesn't mean I can let my guard down. There is always the possibility that the General will learn from his mistakes even though he hasn't to date. To my good fortune, though he is an evil man, he is not necessarily a smart one.
Keeping the trail in sight as much as possible, I scout the terrain parallel to the west of it, always keeping a mental note of where Eddy and Kelly should be in relation to my position. The air is chilly against my face and my clothing is drenched from sweat and dripping dew. Yet, it's nothing that I haven't had to put up with before. And if I'm not mistaken, it looks like the sun might actually burn off this Godforsaken mist before too long. For Eddy and Kelly's sake, I hope I'm right about that.
Slipping the nine-millimeter from its shoulder holster tucked under my left arm, I check the clip and make sure there is a round in the chamber for the umpteenth time. Satisfied, I return it to the holster.
Next, I slip the knife from the leather sheath strapped on my waist. Subconsciously, I heft it gracefully in my right hand before passing it over to my left and then back again. Although it's not balanced for throwing, I would feel quite comfortable with my accuracy up to thirty feet or more. In hand to hand combat, I can be equally deadly with a knife, my bare hands, or a gun. The U. S. government spared no expense on my training.
Almost as an afterthought, I retrieve the little cell phone that Kelly's father gave me back in the room at the casino. He informed me that it was preprogrammed with the Federal Agent's direct number and a number that he could be reached at no matter what. To my dismay, the signal is too weak to place a call. Yet, it is growing stronger with each step we take back toward the casino. I should have cell coverage by the time we reach the road. Or at least a strong enough signal to get my message out.
While thinking about that first call I will be making, movement on the trail catches my eye. Though it could possibly be an innocent hiker, my gut tells me otherwise.
Glancing in the direction of Eddy and Kelly, I quickly determine that if they did as I told them to, they should be far enough off the trail to avoid being detected. Moving as swiftly over the uneven terrain as the improvised splint will allow, I quickly close the distance separating me from the trail. Instinctively, I take cover under a dense clump of Waxmyrtle, the knife in my right hand.
Sure enough, coming down the trail toward me are two rough looking men, both looking out of place on a Forest Service sanctioned hiking trail. They might not stand out on a dirty back street in East Central Los Angeles, but here they appear totally out of their element.
Tucked up against their hips so the barrels protrude out from under loose flapping tails of red and black Pendleton shirts are nine-millimeter fully automatic weapons. Their feet clump along the uneven ground of the trail as they hike along completely oblivious of their surroundings. These are city boys that have never learned stealth or how to operate in an environment away from their asphalt and concrete neighborhood. They are not afraid or any less deadly, just ignorant.
And that ignorance will cost them their lives today.
As they draw nearer, I can hear them talking and complaining of their latest assignment. They are not tuned into their surroundings and unaware that I am less than five feet from the edge of the trail as they clump loudly past. The one on the right is upset because they were selected to hike the trail while the rest of their sidekicks are eating pastries and drinking hot coffee while sitting comfortably inside warm vehicles.
Stepping out of the bushes and into the trail, I casually remark from a distance of less than five feet behind them, "I personally wouldn't stand for it either."
Because of the calm and casual tone of my voice, the two men's instincts take a moment to alert them to their present danger. Turning to face the sound of my voice, they quickly get over their moment of puzzlement at the same time realizing that I have the drop on them.
Not seeing a gun in either of my hands, the louder complainer on my right regains his bravado and jerks up the weapon, drawing a bead on my chest. With blurring speed, I fling the knife underhanded. Even before he can squeeze the trigger, the hilt blossoms in the center of his left breast, his eyes instantly going down to study it in amazement and bewilderment as if unable to fathom where it came from.
"Now that wasn't very smart," I calmly remark, moving in close to the second one before he can regain his composure.
With reflexes almost too fast for the eye to follow, I reach out and grab hold of the barrel of his weapon with my left hand, turning it skyward while simultaneously backhanding him across the face with my right hand.
Stunned, his nose erupting in a freshet of bright crimson even before his dead companion's body can strike the ground, I calmly remark, "If you're not ready to die, cut loose of the weapon."
As understanding takes hold in his momentarily rattled brain, he lets loose of the little machine gun, the shoulder strap slipping down from his shoulder and getting tangled inside the sleeve of his shirt.
Suddenly he is on the verge of panic, frantically trying to claw his way out of the entangled sling and shirt. Calmly, not wanting him to die until I have a chance to question him, I advise him to slip off the shirt while maintaining a firm grip on the weapon to be sure he doesn't try to take it back. "There is no reason for you to die today," I calmly remark, my words having the desired effect on him.
Visibly relaxing, he carefully slips out of his shirt while being careful not to make any moves that might provoke me. When the weapon is freed from the shirt, I tell him to put his shirt back on, "It's wet and cold out here; I don't want to be responsible for you catching your death of pneumonia."
"I, I am good," he stutters, placing his hands behind his head without me even telling him to do so. He is much younger than I previously thought, but experienced with law enforcement.
Removing the clip from the surrendered weapon, I slip it into my back pocket, then clear the breech and drop the empty weapon next to his partner's dead body. When his eyes follow the weapon to the ground, I quickly advise him not to get any ideas, then casually crouch down over the body and remove the knife from its chest, taking a moment to cleanly wipe the blood off on the decedent's shirt. My actions are exaggerated for effect. It's important that this young man realize that I have no compunctions about taking a life if I expect him to tell me what I need to know.
Next, I remove the dead man's weapon from the body and slip the sling over my shoulder. Moving with renewed haste, I go through the dead man's pockets, slipping a second clip into my waistband as well as a small wad of twenty-dollar bills. Standing, I instruct the young man to hand over his spare clip also. A momentary hesitation doesn't escape my notice and I realize that because nothing has happened to him short of a bloodied nose, his courage is slowly returning. If I intend on getting any useable information out of him, I can't let that happen. He needs to remain afraid, very afraid.
Before he realizes what's happening, the butt of the weapon connects solidly with the side of his face, sending him reeling to the ground. Dazed and confused, he looks up at me with a fresh flow of blood running from a split lip and intermingling with the blood still running unabated from his nose. When he starts to ask me why I hit him, I kick him in the groin with my good foot, driving the air out of his lungs and leaving him gasping for breath while curled up in a fetal position on the muddy trail.
"You don't ask the questions, I do," I firmly tell him, my behavior no longer calm and casual.
There is understanding in his eyes as well as a renewed respect for my violence and maybe even a little fear. When I put my face closer to his and quickly move my right hand, he involuntarily flinches. Yes, he is feeling the fear again.
Still breathing hard from the blow to his groin, I ask him how many men and how far down the trail. His answers come quick and easy with no hesitation. If he were making up information, he would be more hesitant. "Six men and two vehicles approximately a half mile back," he says between breaths.
"Where's General Alveraz?"
The question elicits a real sense of fear from him. By asking him about the General, I inadvertently reminded him of the consequences of his actions and specifically whom he is betraying. To my surprise, he begins to cry. "I am a dead man," he says, acting like the young boy that he is.
"You're not a dead man yet," I remind him. "If you're smart, you'll get out of here alive. But I wouldn't recommend showing your face anywhere it might be recognized for a long time to come."
"He'll hunt me down and kill me," the boy continues, whimpering like a wounded animal.
"You're just going to have to trust that I get to him first. But I can't do that if I don't know where he is," I add, making my intentions clear.
"He got a call on the radio and went rushing back to the casino," he says, licking at the blood on his lips.
"When was that?"
"Early this morning. He took the third rig and returned, leaving the rest of us here."
"Do you know when they plan on taking the witness to the courthouse?"
"There's something big going on today, but I don't know what it is," he says, his voice growing calmer and steadier as he realizes the damage of his betrayal is done.
Just then, the brush moves off to my left and a twig snaps. Even the young lad in his agony notices the sound and instantly freezes, his breath held tight. "Come on in, Eddy, I'm right here," I loudly state, rising to my feet.
With guns drawn, Eddy and Kelly step out of the brush and onto the trail. The young man's eyes immediately light up when he sees Kelly. Seeing the revulsion in Kelly's eyes, he hastily wipes at the blood covering the lower half of his face with the front of his dirty undershirt.
Looking at him, I calmly comment, "You didn't know she was your target, did you?"
"I am sorry, Miss. I had no idea," he quickly stutters, embarrassed.
When he starts to rise, I step toward him as if readying to kick a football and he instantly settles back on his rear end, all the while looking sheepishly at Kelly.
Reaching down, I retrieve the other machine gun and hand it to Eddy. "Here, it might come in handy. And here's an extra clip too. There are six men approximately one-half mile from here. I'll go on ahead and clear the way. According to him, they have two vehicles. I'll be sure and leave one intact for us."
"Don't look at him, Kelly," Eddy says, noticing that Kelly is staring at the young man.
"He's younger than me," she says incredulously.
"What do we do with him?" Eddy asks, taking Kelly by the arm and turning her away from him.
"Tie him up and leave him here. The last thing he'll want to see is the man he betrayed," I add, confidant that the young man won't be a problem for us. "I need to go now. I'll leave you two to tie him up. If his information is correct, they're transporting Kelly's father to the courthouse today."
Understanding the urgency, Eddy touches my arm softly, saying, "Be careful, Mac."
Studying her face for a moment to imprint the image on my mind, I suddenly turn away and set off at a lopsided trot, the metal brace clunking loudly on the harder earth of the trail's surface.
It isn't necessary for me to tell Eddy what to use or how to secure the man. She is not only a very beautiful woman, she is also very resourceful. Between her and Kelly, the young man will be safely out of the way for as long as we need him to be. And when that time is over, if he's smart, he'll go as deep underground as is humanly possible without being buried.



**45**
Confidant that the boy's information is accurate, I hurry forward with little regard to noise for the first leg of the journey. When I am within one-thousand feet of the trailhead, I slow down and proceed more cautiously. Because I haven't been ambushed yet or encountered any more of them on the trail, I am further convinced that the boy told us the truth.
Pulling the cell phone from my pocket, I check the signal strength and feel relief when I note that it's sufficient enough to place a call. Before I do however, I need to survey the situation and locate the hostiles.
Tucking the phone back in my pocket, I continue forward, my progress slower from trying to prevent my right foot thumping so loudly against the ground. Fortunately, I feel little pain coming from it. There is, however, a slight awkwardness in my stride due to the lack of sensation coming from it. After the long hike through the night, I should have taken the time to un-harness the brace and allowed the blood flow to return. But with Sam Pesaro's life hanging in the balance, that was a luxury I couldn't afford. Kelly would never forgive me if something happened to her father because I was more concerned about my personal comfort.
A short distance further, I slowly grow conscious of men's voices. Crouching, I proceed more cautiously, studying both the trail and the surrounding terrain while forcing every detail to memory. Once I make visual contact with the men connected to the voices, I'll be forced to leave the trail behind as I work my way around their perimeter. With their exact position marked, I'll have to move with all the stealth I can muster, despite being strapped into this metal brace. It could prove very detrimental to my health if I happen to miss any sentries that may have been posted farther out by unwittingly placing myself amongst them.
As I come to a bend in the trail, the voices now almost loud enough to make out what they're discussing, I pause for a moment to catch my breath and double check the cell signal strength. Slipping it back into my pocket, I level the stubby little machine gun and verify the safety is off. If I need to use it, I won't have but fractions of a second to react.
Easing first one foot down and then following it with the other, I slowly move forward while hugging the right-hand side of the trail in case I have to dive for cover. The voices are very close now, coming from just the other side of a thick stand of Waxmyrtle and Huckleberry.
Using my left hand to keep my right index on the trigger, I slowly spread a few branches aside. The first thing that registers is a dirty green baseball cap, the logo too embedded with sweat and grime to make out. The man wearing the hat is doing most of the talking, his dark mustache and sideburns reminding me of the velvet Elvis paintings. He is tall and slender, well over six-feet. The man he is speaking with is short and heavy, possibly two-hundred-fifty and barely five-foot-five inches tall. The shorter one is looking up at the taller one, hanging on his every word as if in adulation of him.
Directly behind them are the vehicles, two dark SUV's parked side by side. What I'm not seeing are the other four men that should be here, which can only mean they set up a perimeter because they aren't sure if we'll be coming in on the trail or not. I need to account for them before I can do anything.
After letting the limbs slowly settle back into place, I retrace my steps approximately twenty feet, and then turn to my right. More than likely, the others aren't that far from here; none of them appeared to be the type that traveled very far on foot.
Cautiously, yet acutely conscious of the passage of time, I work my way west and south. When I've covered less than fifty yards, I come across two men hunkered on the edge of the parking area for the trailhead. One is sitting on the curb rolling a cigarette while the other stands watching his comrades nearer to the trail. They're acting as if they are being deprived of some fun by being stationed this far from the start of the trail, which only affirms that they believe we'll be approaching on the trail. They're not expecting us from any other direction, a fact that I can take advantage of. All I have to do now is locate the last two.
Slipping back from the edge of the clearing, I slowly work my way to the road, taking a brief moment to study the tracks and verify they tell me the same story the young kid did.
True to his word, three vehicles entered with one having left recently.
Having studied the tracks from cover, I verify that no one visible is looking in this direction, and then hobble hurriedly to the far side, crashing into the brush and making much more noise than I'd intended.
Diving to the ground, I raise my head just enough to look across at the two men I'd just left. The man sitting on the curb is exhaling a large cloud of blue smoke from his hand-rolled cigarette, while the man standing is looking directly at me.
My first reaction is to pull up the little machine gun and start shooting. But I squash that reflex almost before my muscles even twitch to respond as I realize that the man can't see me. My movement or the noise of me crashing into the brush might have caught his attention, but he isn't sure enough of what he heard or saw to openly react. As soon as he studies the area surrounding me and doesn't see or hear anything else, he'll forget about it and write it off to jittery nerves or boredom, whichever his case may be.
Sure enough, within less than a minute, his attention returns to his comrades by the trail while his partner continues smoking, savoring his cigarette as if it was his last. Little does he know it just might be.



**46**
Confidant that he didn't see me, I slowly rise and set off toward the east on a course that will eventually bring me back to the start of the trail. Aware that there should be two more men somewhere along my intended route, I move cautiously with all of my senses attuned to the surroundings when I'm suddenly in the middle of a barrage of gunfire.
Instinctively, I drop to the ground and roll to the side as the sound of lead whistles dangerously close above my head and through the space my body just vacated. For a very brief moment while I'm hugging the ground, my mind reels with questions, the first of which is, where did the shots come from?
The gunfire stops as abruptly as it started followed immediately by a barrage of men's voices calling out, some questioning, others demanding, but only one shouting orders.
"I think, I hit him," someone yells, the voice coming from less than thirty feet away in the direction of the trailhead.
Somehow, I missed them. Yet, they didn't miss me. Unlike their counterparts across the clearing that were too preoccupied with cigarettes and such, they were doing their job and paying attention to the woods. While I felt comfortable that the men across the clearing hadn't seen me crash into the brush, it never dawned on me that these men being much closer to this area might have heard me and taken cover, effectively concealing themselves from me.
"Yet, that is no excuse," I silently reprimand myself.
When I hear brush crushing beneath feet, I realize they're not going to wait for me to make the next move and possibly give myself away. Although they are not familiar with this type of terrain, they are familiar with controlling the superior firepower and hence, approach with overzealous confidence.
Moving ever so slightly, I slip my right hand beneath my jacket and remove the nine-millimeter. Cocked and ready in my right hand, I leave it tucked beneath me while remaining absolutely still.
For a long moment, there is only silence. The man giving orders has directed his men to fan out and approach my position with caution. One of the men is bragging softly to his partner that he knows he hit me and they're probably sneaking up on a dead man.
Listening intently to the sounds of their footsteps and voices, I determine that only the two men on this side of the clearing have entered the brush in search of me. The tall man in charge and his partner are still by the start of the trail, though it sounds as if they may have moved closer to the SUVs.
The two across the clearing have abandoned their positions on orders from the tall guy and are covering the two men that have entered the woods, watching them search the brush from the edge of the clearing.
Every now and then, one or the other tosses a rock into an extra thick clump of brush and then jerks his weapon up in anticipation. When no response comes forth, their confidence level rises a few more degrees as evidenced by the bravado in their voices.
They are sweeping from side to side, slowly working their way deeper into the trees. Unbeknownst to them, they are working a grid that has me directly between them. If I move to shoot one, I'll have to spin completely around and sight the second target before he can react and shoot me. Slim odds at best.
And then there are the two on the edge of the trees looking in. Even if I'm quick enough to take out the two in the woods, my actions will pinpoint my location to them and they'll be laying down cover fire before I can react to it. Accuracy with a machine gun at this distance is a mute point; it was only a matter of luck that I wasn't struck in the first volley of lead.
Soaked to the skin, my clothes covered in mud and chaff from the forest floor as if dressed in a Ghillie suit, I blend remarkably well with the surrounding ground cover. This fact alone is the only explanation for either of the men not seeing me yet. That, and the fact that they believe I must have dove into a clump of brush for cover. I have no doubts that at least one if not both of them have looked right at me and not realized what they were looking at.
Yet, that doesn't get me any nearer to a solution to my predicament. Eventually, they will see me and it will all be over, for I have no doubts that they will shoot me on sight; they have no interest in taking prisoners. This is not a war, just a contracted killing. Murder for hire pure and simple.
The man to my right is working his way back toward me, the sound of his footsteps marking his position at less than 20 feet and closing. This time, if he doesn't change his search pattern, he will walk right up on me. He will leave me no choice but to take action or be killed.
Meanwhile, his partner is also working his way back toward me. He is out just a little farther, but will undoubtedly see me the instant I make my move on the guy to my right.
No matter how I play it out in my head, I don't see a winning situation.
At just that moment, a small caliber handgun pops off in the distance, followed immediately by a long burst from a 9mm machine gun. Not waiting to see if the gunfire distracts them, I rise straight up to my feet while flipping the nine-millimeter to my left hand and grasping the grip of the machine gun with my right. Out of the corner of my right eye, I see a startled man raising the barrel of his machine gun while prematurely squeezing the trigger, the barrel spitting out fire and lead in a stream along the ground that is quickly closing in on me.
Reflexively squeezing the trigger of my own machine gun while trusting to instinct and training that my lead finds its mark first, I swivel my head to the left and squeeze off three rapid shots from the semi-automatic pistol in my left hand. The first round catches the man in his left shoulder and spins him around so he's facing the parking area while simultaneously spraying lead from his machine gun and in an arcing path of destruction raking wildly through the brush and trees.
My second bullet rakes the side of his neck, severing his carotid artery in a red haze of pulverized blood and skin tissue. Yet, even before his face turns fully away from me, my third bullet hits him in the temple, killing him instantly while his death grip on the machine gun squeezes out the last of the rounds in the clip.
As I twist back to my right, a bullet clips my right leg just above the knee, the impact causing my leg to twist and buckle beneath me. Yet, as I fall to the ground, aware that I've been hit but not yet feeling the pain, I see the man that shot me. Our gazes lock, a broadening splotch of bright crimson sprouting from the front of his thin khaki jacket where the fabric has been literally shredded and puckered from a tightly knit pattern of machine gun fire.
Although he is swiftly dying, his hands are frantically trying to insert a fresh clip into the magazine while his mind is either convinced that he will live on through my death or he is not aware that he is dying. It would be my luck to catch the last round from the weapon of a dying adversary.
Taking aim with the nine-millimeter for the center of his forehead, his hands slowly give up on the clip of ammo and fall to the side, the clip slipping out of lifeless fingers. As I see no point in wasting ammunition, I lower my weapon. It is at that moment that I realize the men in the clearing at the edge of the woods haven't joined in. Having been a standing target, I should have caught at least some of their lead.
Using the machine gun for a crutch to help me to my feet, I stand shakily for a moment, the pain of the wound to my right leg beginning to exert itself. Leaving the empty weapon behind because it is too short to be of use as a cane and I have no more ammunition remaining for it since giving the rest to Eddy, I slowly hobble toward the clearing, the nine-millimeter clutched tightly in my left hand.
Reaching the edge of the clearing, I lean heavily against a large tree while surveying the situation. The first thing I notice is that the tall man has taken cover behind the open door of one of the SUV's, his attention focused on the head of the trail before him.
The two men from the far side of the clearing are now flanking the trail, their weapons at the ready and aimed toward a specific spot, but not firing. The tall man's short, fat compadre is nowhere in sight.
Furthermore, the way they have lost interest in my immediate area makes me think that they believe I am dead. Of course, the fallacy of that won't last long. With the cessation of gunfire, they will expect their associates to rejoin them.
Looking down at the nine-millimeter in my left hand, I suddenly feel woefully inadequate. At this range, the weapon is a lousy choice. Even my old reliable three-fifty-seven magnum would be a stretch at this range.
Moreover, if I wait for them to come back to find out what happened to their associates, I will be at a huge disadvantage with only this weapon, no mobility, and leaving a crimson trail.
"Damn," I quietly curse while looking down at the bloodied ground surrounding my swollen ankle.
Before I can start feeling sorry for myself, however, the sound of the thirty-two caliber pops off two quick rounds and then falls ominously silent. A fraction of a second later, the pudgy man comes charging out of the woods. Running awkwardly, he ducks for cover behind the same door as the tall man. He is gasping for breath and leaning heavily against the side of the vehicle for support.
Impatiently, the tall man fires questions at him, literally grabbing him by the collar and threatening him to respond. From the gesturing, it is obvious that he was sent up the trail to determine the position and number of adversaries.
After the fat man divulges all that he learned, the tall man steps away from the cover of the SUV's door, confident that he is no longer in danger of being shot. It is at that moment his attention returns to this side of the clearing and he signals the man to the left of the trail to find out what happened to the men that were stationed here. The lack of concern in his actions indicates to me that he believes his men are possibly in pursuit or rifling through the pockets of a dead man in search of money and valuables. He doesn't believe for a second that his men are in trouble or possibly even dead.
Moving to keep the tree between the approaching man and me, I wait until he is within twenty feet of my location before making my move. Stepping out from behind the tree and expecting to see him approaching the woods with his weapon at the ready, I am taken aback when he isn't where I expect him to be.
Instinctively dropping into a crouch while expecting a bullet in the back, I wonder ashamedly how he managed to slip around the tree without my knowing it.
Yet, there is no bullet in the back, no sharp report from the machine gun at the back of my head. Fully exposed now to the men at the trailhead, I painfully shift my right leg and pivot against it. As my body turns, I see the man sitting with his back to the tree that I was using to hide behind, his tobacco pouch in his lap as he rolls himself a cigarette.
With practiced ease, I return the nine-millimeter to its holster and slip the deadly survival knife from the sheath on my hip. So long as none of the men near the trail turn in this direction, I am safe. All it will take for this reckless plan to fall apart is one of the men to glance over here and see me sneaking up on their compadre and it will all be over.
To further complicate the matter, I cannot approach him from directly behind due to the girth of the tree. Instead, I must approach him from an angle, risking that he will catch my movement out of the corner of his eye and all the while being exposed to the men at the trail. Putting one foot in front of the other, I am surprised when my luck holds and I cover the short distance separating us without drawing his attention.
Although I increase my odds of being spotted with each fraction of a second that I stand here out in the open, I patiently wait for him to rise. The pain in my right leg is inhibiting its mobility and I fear it might fail me if I try to lower myself to his level.
After what seems an interminable amount of time, he finally rises and when he does, I am standing just behind his left shoulder. Putting a freshly rolled cigarette in his mouth, his right hand releases his grip on his weapon in favor of a forest green, butane lighter. Reaching out, I give him a gentle tap on the side of his left arm with the blunt side of the knife.
Startled, he coughs out the cigarette while simultaneously dropping the lighter and reaching for the pistol grip of the machine gun hanging loosely from his shoulder. Moving with a strength and grace that appears catlike, I drag the blade across the front of his throat, severing his vocal cords to prevent him crying out for help.
Unlike what people see on television and at the movies, the human body does not die with ease. It takes quite a bit to kill a human being. The knife stroke across the throat may have silenced him from crying out for help, but unless I severed the carotid artery with the same stroke, it is not a lethal blow. Moreover, even had I severed his carotid artery, it would take a minute or more for him to actually bleed out to the point of unconsciousness, all the while continuing to try and kill me.
There is only one method that renders an assailant almost instantly immobile and that is a broken neck. Even though this doesn't kill instantly, the assailant is completely immobilized by paralysis from the neck down and there is no saving him after that. This is also a very humane way to take out an enemy as they will feel no pain in dying.
With his throat slit, effectively preventing him from crying out, I normally would have followed through by stepping around in front of him and thrusting the knife up into his rib cage, aiming for the heart. But thanks to the increasing numbness in my right leg, such theatrics are out of the question. Instead, I close my hand tightly around the hilt of the knife and cold-cock him a savage blow to his left temple, dropping him like a sack of potatoes off the wagon.
With not too little effort, I hurriedly drag him around to the far side of the tree and out of sight of the others. Slipping the machine gun from his shoulder and draping it over my own, I also check his pockets, removing an extra clip of ammo and a small wad of twenty-dollar bills.
After tucking both away, I contemplate my prisoner. Leaving him as-is might be the easiest option, but it's not the most humane. He might regain consciousness before drowning on his own blood, which means I should tie him up. Yet, if I leave him here, bound and immobilized, death is a certainty and it may be long and dragged out; not a very humane way to go. I almost owe it to him to put him out of his misery and yet, I cannot bring myself to kill an unarmed and defenseless man despite my cruel reputation and history. Such acts go against my very being.
"You're going to die," I softly whisper, wondering at my concern for his fate. "That much is fact."
Rolling him onto his back so that he doesn't drown on his own blood, I opt to leave him unbound and circle back around the tree. If I'm quick, we'll be long gone before he regains consciousness and head toward the SUV's parked across the clearing, the machine gun held at the ready. As I move toward them with their backs to me, I wonder briefly about the earlier gunshots. Kelly had the thirty-two which meant she was doing the shooting. So what of Eddy? Was she slipping around to flank them? Or was she wounded, lying in the brush somewhere alone and dying?
The thought of Eddy dying triggers something in my subconscious and I suddenly could care less about these men and their suffering. As far as I'm concerned, they're all going to die today.
"Please be alright, Eddy," I softly mouth, the words clipped with emotion.
At just that moment, the man whose partner I left in the woods turns and sees me coming toward them. "Hey!" he shouts to the tall man, bringing around the barrel of the little machine gun in a slow-motion pivot.
The man is still only halfway around when the first volley of bullets catches him in the upper torso, turning him back around as he falls dead to the pine needles and cedar boughs.
The tall man, moving for cover on the far side of the door before even turning to see the approaching danger, is much quicker to react. With the door and the chubby man between us, he opens fire, his bullets flying dangerously close past the shorter man's head and shoulders. If chubby were even two inches taller, his compatriot would have shot him in the back of the head.
With nowhere to hide or the legs to carry me there, I stand my ground and return fire, my bullets thudding into the shorter mans chest and lower torso. Yet, even as he falls forward, the last of the bullets in my clip strike only the upholstery on the metal door, sending up little puffs of fabric and padding.
Dirt kicks up at my feet and then a bullet hits my right thigh, knocking me momentarily off balance. But somehow, I manage to catch myself before falling to the ground. While letting the machine gun drop out of my grip, I draw the nine-millimeter and focus my aim above the door's window sill, intent on shooting through the glass when the tall man suddenly bucks forward, his chest pressing hard against the glass as his hands abandon the machine gun, letting it fall to the ground at his feet as he reaches for the top of the door frame to hold himself upright.
Another shot rings out and a spout of bright red erupts from his mouth and runs down his chin. With inhuman determination, he holds himself upright with his grip on the top of the door frame, his knuckles visibly white against the darker paint of the SUV.
Stretching upright to his full height, his body pressed up against the door for support, he looks at me with pure hatred in his eyes. A third and final shot rings out, snapping his head forward so that it drapes over the door frame, exposing the last and final death blow as a bloody mass of hair and brain matter. With one final convulsion, his body goes limp. Yet, he doesn't fall to the ground. Instead, he continues to stand, his head wedged over the top of the door frame, eerily holding him upright as if locked in an 18th century pillory.
Unable to hold myself upright any longer, I begin staggering toward the nearest SUV. But covering only a few feet, I fall heavily to the ground. My right leg feels as if it's on fire and spouting a fresh spigot of blood. Rolling onto my side, I see the shooter of the tall man working their way out of the woods with a young girl sporting wet and disheveled hair following close on her heels. When they see me lying on the ground, they instantly break into a run.
"Damn it, Eddy, don't ever do that to me again," I scold through clenched teeth as they drop down on either side of me.
"Oh shut up. It's not as if you have any room to talk," she scolds back, pulling the knife from my sheath and reaching for the cuff of my jeans. "I can't leave you for a minute and look at the trouble you get yourself into," she continues while slicing the denim upward to expose the new wounds.
"There are two bullet holes?" Kelly says incredulously.
When Eddy turns a questioning gaze at me, I simply shrug my shoulders in reply, trying to make light of the seriousness of my wounds.
After cutting a second strip of material from my pant leg, Eddy ties a tight bandage over the wounds to stem the bleeding. "We'll take care of cleaning and disinfecting the wounds as soon as we get back to the casino," she says with finality. "There are no exit wounds, so you have two pieces of lead in there that will require a doctor's care to remove," she continues while looking down at my swollen ankle. "We'll have that attended to at the same time."
"Maybe he should just have the leg amputated, since that seems to be where all the damage is," Kelly flippantly remarks, trying hard to maintain a brave front with levity.
"Damn, I can't leave you two alone for more than five minutes and you're already teaming up on me," I tease, appreciating her effort.
"Come on," Eddy says rising to her feet and extending a hand. "Let's get you into one of these rigs. Kelly, you get on that side of him and I'll support the gimpy side."
"My, my, aren't we cute?" I hiss through clenched teeth as a sudden bolt of fire shoots up my leg and into my groin from the effort of rising. Although I am upright, the world continues to spin for a moment as the rush of blood from my head slowly subsides.
"Are you going to make it?" Eddy asks, concerned by the sudden grey pallor that comes over my face.
"Hold on a minute. Let's let the world stop spinning for a second and I'll be fine," I wheeze through clenched teeth while attempting to mentally block out the pain.
"Take deep, slow breaths," Eddy softly advises, leading me toward the SUV to the right of the one with the tall man's body hanging from the door. Kelly lets go of my arm and hurries on ahead to open the rear side door on the driver's side. "Sit down and lay back, I'll pull you in from the other side," she instructs as she carefully lowers me to the seat.
With my back against the closed door on the passenger's side, my leg is able to lay straight out along the length of the seat. And although the bandage on the wounds is tight, a small amount of blood continues seeping through them and saturating into the cushions and fabric.
Before climbing in behind the wheel, Eddy makes a hasty search of the other vehicle and this one, looking for anything that might come in handy. When she finally climbs in and turns the key, she says, "I can't believe they didn't even bring a first aid kit."



**47**
"You didn't happen to find anything to drink, did ya?" I ask from the rear seat, my mouth feeling parched and being reminded that Kelly must be feeling even worse than myself.
"Just empty coffee cups from the little store on the highway."
"Damn."
"Don't worry, honey, refreshments are coming," she says, racing the engine and pulling the gearshift lever into reverse so she can back away from the other SUV. Within moments, we are racing down the narrow gravel road, quickly closing the distance to the casino. Eddy is driving like a madman and I have to wonder if it is for my concern or that of Kelly's father. Hopefully, we won't encounter any oncoming traffic before we reach the bottom.
Kelly is sitting in the passenger's seat with her hands gripping the dash as if expecting to crash at any moment. Upon getting into the driver's seat, Eddy laid the machine gun on the seat between her and Kelly for easy access.
"How are we doing for ammunition?" I query from the back seat. "Do you still have any left for the thirty-two, Kelly?"
"I still have the two clips you gave me for the machine gun and at least one full clip for the nine-millimeter," Eddy replies, not taking her eyes off the road as she skillfully guides the vehicle down the center of the pot-holed and rutted road.
"I'm down to my last clip for the nine and that's it," I offer, looking toward Kelly for her answer. When she remains silent, I pressure her for a response, "Anything left, Kelly?"
Climbing out of her thoughts, she simply states, "All gone."
Sensing that her silence is stemming from her concern for her father and the quick erosion of time before they transport him to the courthouse, I encouragingly say, "We'll get there in time."
Now, if I can only convince myself of that. Sitting back against the seat cushions, I close my eyes for a moment, feeling the exhaustion behind the lids. It would be so easy to simply drift off to sleep and leave all the tension and worry behind.
Yet, too many people are counting on me. Eddy is doing her best to get us there as quickly as possible and counting on me to know what to do once she does. Kelly, also, is counting on me. Whether we get to the casino before they transport her father or not, like Eddy, she too is counting on me to know what to do when we arrive.
And last but not least, Sam Pesaro is counting on me to keep his daughter safe. Little does he know that I am returning her to the place of most danger to her. Would he agree with my choice of action even if he were aware of the situation and what is in store for him if we don't succeed? Probably not! And I can't say that I would blame him. If our roles were reversed, I wouldn't want my daughter anywhere near me until this was over, even if my life depended on it.
Damn, I sure could use a shot of rum.
As we near the first of the houses and the road widens, I slip the cell phone from my rear pocket and hand it up front to Kelly. Eddy is the first to speak, her voice belying her confusion and exasperation with me for holding out on her, "Where the Hell did you get that?"
"Kelly's father gave it to me before we left. But that's irrelevant; there wasn't any service up in the hills anyway."
"I don't give a shit if there was any service or not, you could have told me you had it!" she cries out, her voice giving over to her anger. "What else are you holding out on me?"
Backed into a corner by her anger and hurt, I realize that if I continue holding out on her it will only worsen things. If I come clean now, I can still salvage something. Taking a deep sigh, I say, "Alright, I made a couple of calls this morning before all hell erupted at the trail head. But more on that later. Right now, I need Kelly to call her father and tell him that he isn't to trust the government agent in charge of his safety. He needs to ask his friend John Catlin for help. Tell him, Kelly, that his friend will know what to do."
"No," she says defiantly.
"You have to Kelly. If we don't disrupt their plan somehow, it'll be too late for us to do anything," I plead with her, knowing how strong her distaste and lack of trust is for her father's friend.
"But we don't know that the government man can't be trusted," she argues. "We do know what John is like."
"Yes, we do and that is what I'm counting on," I gently confide. "There is no doubt in my mind that the government agents are getting ready to move your father as we speak. And there is less doubt in my mind that the cartel has already anticipated every move on their part. We have to throw a wrench into the cogs and disrupt them, throw them off balance for a minute until we can get there."
To my surprise, Eddy sides with Kelly and questions the soundness of my idea. "I agree, Mac, something needs to be done and quickly. But giving her dad over to the men that are plotting his demise? That doesn't make any sense."
"They're expecting to have to get at your father while in federal custody. They won't know how to react when he approaches them for help," I argue, feeling time slipping away. "Please, Kelly, you have to make the call." I pause for a moment before adding, "And you need to convince him that the government agents are in on a plot to assassinate him on the way to the courthouse. Do you think you can do that?" When she looks me in the eye with a mixture of anger and revulsion, I apply all the pressure I can to make her do what needs doing. "If you don't do this, Kelly, your father is good as dead. That much we can be certain of."
Flipping open the phone and pressing the digits as if by hesitating she might lose her conviction, she waits a long moment while the phone rings unanswered, my hopes suddenly flailing. It hadn't occurred to me that there may not be anyone on the other end of the line to pick up.
Just when it appears the call is going to be forwarded to voice mail, Sam's voice bellows out of the tiny speaker, his tone belying the tension he's under and possibly dreading the news he is about to receive.
"Hello."
"Daddy, daddy, it's me, Kelly. Oh daddy, I miss you," she cries, her voice breaking with emotion.
"Baby, are you all right? Where are you?" And then his tone steadies and grows more demanding with strength, "Where's Mac? What happened? Why are you calling me?"
"Oh daddy, there is so much I need to tell you," she cries, and I worry even more that she is going to lose her conviction before she can finish.
"Honey, I haven't got much time, they're coming to get me to take me to the courthouse. It will all be over soon darling, and you can tell me everything then. I love you, baby," he says, suddenly in a hurry to get off the line.
"Daddy, wait! There's something I have to tell you," she says, her voice gathering strength and conviction.
"Can it wait, darling?"
"No daddy, it can't. You need to know that the government man is setting you up to be killed on your way to the courthouse. I don't know all the details, but I think they're going to make it look like a cartel hit." She hesitates for a moment, building up the courage for the hardest lie she's ever had to tell her father. If there was any way I could take her by the hand and help her through it, I would. But there is nothing I can do but sit still and let her find her inner strength. "You need to get hold of John, Uncle John." I can see her biting down on her lower lip to keep her focus while Eddy slows the SUV. Outside the windows, I can see the first of the houses as we near the highway. "Mac says you need to trust him, daddy. He'll know what to do."
Confused and uncertain, we can hear his voice inside the vehicle as it comes over the cell phone, "Are you sure, honey? Do you know where Mac got his information?"
"I don't know how he knows, daddy, but we need to trust him. You need to trust me," she finishes, her voice almost a whisper.
"I do trust you, darling." He pauses a long moment before adding, "I love you Sweetheart. We'll be together again soon."
"Call him, daddy," she says softly before hanging up, her voice pleading.
"I hope you're right about this Mac," Eddy says, her voice strained.
"We'll know soon enough."



**48**
Within a matter of minutes, we reach the highway, the casino looming largely before us with only a thin strip of asphalt separating us from our destiny.
"Where to, Mac?" Eddy asks, staring through the windshield at the intimidating structure.
"Let's try the same door we left by. If Sam called Catlin after hanging up from Kelly, they already know we escaped their trap. I'm betting though that they're expecting us to clear out and not return. I'd like for them to keep thinking that for as long as possible," I state, holding the nine-millimeter in my right hand. "Kelly, take this. I'll hang onto the machine gun for now," I say, handing her the nine-millimeter butt-first over the back of the seat. "All the ammunition I have left is in the clip. When it's empty, it's empty, so make your shots count."
Accepting the handgun and setting it on her lap, she hands the machine gun back to me. "Thanks, Mac," she says a bit hesitantly while accepting the extra clips from Eddy and handing those back also. Turning back to face forward again, she softly adds, "You too, Eddy. Whatever the outcome, daddy and I appreciate everything you've done for us."
"You can thank us when it's over," I offer, not caring for the melancholy tone of her voice. Since sharing her experience with Sam's friend and CFO, John Catlin, she seems different. It's almost as if she is holding something back. "Before we go to the rear entrance, Eddy, let's circle the place and kinda check things out," I suggest, sensing some deep dread, but unable to put my finger on exactly what is eating at me.
As we cut across the front lot directly before the main entrance, Kelly states in a questioning tone of voice, "The casino limo is gone. It's usually parked outside the main doors and Jimmy, the driver, is never very far from it." When Eddy and I both look toward the main entrance, she adds for clarification, "It's for shuttling the visiting celebs around so they don't have to walk anywhere. Lots of them arrive in fancy buses which are parked over the hill in the RV section."
"Maybe it's over there now," I offer, since the RV section is almost a mile distant and separated by a large golf course and landscaped, rolling hills making it impossible to see from the casino by design.
"If it were, Jimmy would have put his marker up so the casino staff would know he was coming right back," she says, not explaining what his marker is, but only that it isn't visible and thus he isn't going to be right back.
"I'll take your word for it," I reply, turning my attention to the rest of the parking lot. "But just because it isn't there may not mean anything," I offer, playing down the fact for her benefit while growing more concerned by the second.
"Was Jimmy tight with Catlin?" Eddy asks, putting a voice to the logical question that came to mind.
"How do you mean?" Kelly nervously asks, afraid of where the question is leading.
Moving slowly toward the side of the building and a narrow strip of parking that leads around to the rear, Eddy clarifies her question, "Did Catlin spend much time talking with Jimmy or hanging out with him?"
"They didn't socialize in the same circles, if that's what you mean," she replies, taking encouragement from her answer.
"Did Jimmy drive Catlin around very often?" I ask, knowing her answer is going to shatter the illusion that her father might have a faithful ally in Jimmy.
"Part of Jimmy's job was chauffeuring Catlin to all of his business meetings, trips to the bank, and pretty much everywhere he went except home," she begrudgingly admits.
This newly discovered fact about Jimmy possibly being in cahoots with Catlin is unexpected and not a very welcome revelation. Because I hadn't anticipated it, I hadn't figured it into the mix. Jimmy could turn out to be the wildcard that beats the house.
"You're not saying anything, Mac," Kelly nervously states, my silence more ominous than anything I could possibly say.
"I'm thinking. Don't let it fret you, I do it occasionally," I quip lightly, trying not to show my concern.
As we turn the corner into the rear section of the parking lot, we all notice the stretched limousine standing by the rear entrance. "See, nothing to worry about," I calmly state, relieved by the fact that we aren't too late.
"Park over there, Eddy," I instruct, indicating a slot between two other vehicles that faces directly toward the rear entrance.
"I thought we were going to get you inside so we can clean up your wounds?" Eddy asks while doing as I instructed.
By now, my right foot is sitting in a soggy puddle of blood, the bleeding only having slowed slightly. "There isn't time. And besides, until we can get the slugs removed, I don't see the point," I calmly state, hiding my concern from them.
If Eddy were fully aware of the seriousness of my wounds, she would immediately call off the mission and rush me to the nearest hospital. Until we get Sam safely out of harm's way, however, that is not an option.
"How long are we going to sit here doing nothing?" Eddy asks, glancing skyward through the front windshield.
The sun is playing hide-and-seek with a growing number of dark clouds. By noon, there is a good chance the rain will be falling and the sun will be little more than a fond memory.
"We should go in and find daddy," Kelly suddenly states, her voice bordering on desperate.
"Trust me, Kelly, the waiting is the hardest part," I console, thinking about all the times I've done just this. Of course, not all those times were in the comfort of a warm automobile. In fact, most of those times were spent huddling in the wet and cold, or in the steamy jungles of some third world country with spiders and snakes crawling over me. And yes, this isn't the first time I've had to wait while my life's blood slowly leaked out through one or more bullet holes.
Yet, this is the life I know, the one that I've come to accept as mine. If I'm not happy with it, I should have changed it a long time ago when I still had other options. What does a man of my stature and skill-set do in his mid-forties? This is all I know and have ever known since I was a kid and learning to survive the mean streets of New York City without the benefit or help of loving parents. I adapted, I learned, and I became the best at what I do. This is who I am.



**49**
"Daddy!" Kelly suddenly cries out, unceremoniously dragging us back to the present.
It isn't necessary for her to point out Jimmy in his finely tailored and pressed uniform, which leaves only Sam and the other man.
"Is that Catlin?" I ask her for confirmation.
Kelly's voice is suddenly hard and cold, the blood having drained from her face at the sight of him. Her answer is simple and straightforward. "Yes."
The three men are running from the building as if it were on fire. Jimmy is in the lead with Sam in the middle followed by Catlin. As Jimmy jumps in and fires up the limo, Catlin holds the rear door for Sam and then gets in the passenger's seat beside Jimmy. It is obvious to me that he wants as much distance between himself and Sam as is physically possible within the confines of the stretched out vehicle.
Without needing to be told, Eddy fires up the SUV. "Don't let them know they're being followed," I needlessly remark, my thoughts suddenly a little fuzzy.
Although I'm aware of the amount of blood I've been losing combined with the lack of sleep and food over the last couple of days, I hadn't consciously anticipated the accumulated effect it would have on me. Like a duck shaking off the rain, I shake my head and try desperately to clear the fog while maintaining my mental acuity.
Despite my efforts, there is a growing fuzziness at the peripheral of my vision that is distorting objects and making them difficult to distinguish clearly. Trying an old trick I learned a long time ago, I squeeze my eyes tightly shut and then quickly open them. Clarity is temporarily returned and I breathe a silent sigh of relief. Though I know the relief is only temporary, it gives me renewed hope.
When Eddy slips the SUV into drive, I softly tell her to hold tight a moment longer. Though she gives me a questioning look in the rearview mirror, she does as asked. In silence, we watch the limousine slip away from the rear entrance and hurry across the parking lot toward the highway on ramp. It is just oh-nine-thirty and Sam is due in court at ten-hundred; a court appearance that more than one don't intend on him making.
"What are we waiting for?" Eddy finally asks, concerned that the limo is going to get out of our sight.
"Hold on," I reaffirm, looking studiously out the side window.
When I finally see what I'm looking for, I give her the go ahead. "You can go now," I say softly, not offering an explanation.
Hitting the gas with enough force to throw me back against the seat, she darts out of the parking spot and drives straight across the lot, totally ignoring the painted lines and directions.
Kelly, meanwhile, is studiously inspecting the nine-millimeter; her thoughts somewhere off in the distance.
When Eddy reaches the intersection leading to the highway, she merely throws a glance to the left and then to the right before accelerating up the onramp. Almost a mile ahead, we can just make out the dark shape of the limousine as it crests a hill before disappearing into the next valley.
"Slow down, Eddy," I calmly advise from the rear seat. "We'll be overtaking them soon enough. The last thing we need is to be pulled over for speeding."
While throwing me another of her questioning looks in the rearview mirror, she does as I ask, and slows the vehicle down to the speed limit. To her surprise, we're still gaining on the limo and swiftly closing the distance between them and us.
When we are less than a half-mile from them, two black SUV's similar to the one we are in fly past us in the fast lane and quickly overtake the limo. One pulls in front of it while the other hovers just inches from its bumper.
"What's happening, what are they doing?" Kelly blurts, concerned by the sudden appearance of the sinister looking vehicles.
"Those rigs have federal government plates on them," Eddy informs. "I thought the plan was to get Sam away from the feds so we can expose Catlin for who he really is."
Growing increasingly concerned, but not wanting to alarm Eddy or Kelly, I casually remark, "It would appear that Catlin, the feds, and the cartel are playing a trifecta while Sam is rolling craps."
"I don't understand," Eddy remarks, pacing the vehicle so as not to overtake the entourage with the limo in the middle.
"When I had Kelly contact her father, I assumed the only bad guy was Catlin working in cahoots with the cartel. By instructing Sam to contact him and in essence, alienate himself from the protection of the feds, I was hoping to throw them a curve. What I hadn't anticipated was the feds being in cahoots with Catlin and the cartel. I'm sorry, Kelly," I apologize, my vision blurring in at the edges again.
Squeezing my eyes shut and opening them only partially restores my entire field of vision. The blood loss is becoming too much to overcome. And although I feel a growing chill in my bones, I can't ask Eddy to turn up the heat for fear of tipping her off to my deteriorating condition.
"How much farther to the courthouse?" I ask, changing the subject.
"About fifteen more miles. Why? Are you thinking they're still going to go ahead with their original assassination attempt when they disembark?" Eddy asks, studying my face in the rearview mirror.
"No. I think they're going to do something sooner, I'm just not sure where," I admit, meeting her gaze in the mirror.
"There's a rest-stop about two miles before town," Kelly suddenly spouts. "We stop there whenever we run into town to relieve ourselves so we don't have to rush once we get in town."
"Good thinking," I commend her.
"But what can we do if we don't get there before them, or at least at the same time?" she asks, her attention again focused on the handgun lying on her lap.
"She's right, Mac. If we follow them in, it's liable to be over before we can do anything," Eddy concurs with Kelly.
My gut reaction is to say, "So let's not get to the party late." But instead, I sit in silence, wondering what we should do. My thoughts are growing increasingly disconnected. Yet, of one thing I am certain. "Hang back, Eddy. If they recognize us passing them, they're liable to do something in the limo out of desperation. Right now, they still believe they're holding all the cards. We can't tip our hand just yet."



**50**
The thrumming sound of the tires on the pavement lulls me into a semi-comatose state. Unable to focus my eyes clearly, I close them while my mind slowly drifts away. When I open them again, I notice that the sun won out over the clouds and it's a bright, crisp day. It takes me a moment to gather my wits and remember where we are. It takes a moment longer to recollect why we are traveling north on Interstate-five.
When I finally remember, it is with some frantic concern that I lean forward in the seat and ask Eddy, "How much farther?"
"Three or four more miles," Kelly says, not waiting on Eddy to calculate the distance.
Sitting back against the seat, I glance out at the wide open fields of grass, relieved that my eyes are cooperating again. The rest, though brief, performed wonders.
Feeling as if my legs are crossed, I subconsciously shift around on the seat to get more comfortable and realize that I have no sensation in my right leg. With my left foot, I gently nudge against the side of my right calf. There is no feeling, no sensation from my thigh down. Moreover, the puddle of blood in the foot-well is almost as deep as the soles of my boots, saturating the carpeting into a sticky, gooey mess.
With steely determination, I massage my right calf, working the thigh muscle with both hands. Although my actions bring back some dull sense of feeling, it starts the wounds bleeding anew, and I realize I have to stop; I've lost too much blood already.
 "What are you doing back there?" Eddy asks, her eyes following mine in the rear view mirror. "Are you okay?"
"Yeah, I'm fine," I stammer. "Just working the stiffness out of my joints," I lie, not wanting to worry her anymore than she already is.
"They're pulling off," Kelly says, her voice anxious as she stares straight ahead, the nine-millimeter clenched tightly in both her hands.
"As soon as they park, Eddy, you need to block in the limo. We need to get Sam out of the car and into ours before the federal agents know what's going on," I instruct, aware of the adrenalin suddenly coursing through my veins and giving me the strength that I'm going to need. "Don't shoot unless it's absolutely necessary and then make each shot count," I add while studying Kelly's determined expression. Something's not quite right with her, but I have no idea what it is. Nor do we have the time to find out.
Pulling into the rest area, we see the limo pull up far short of the nearest restroom. Leaving less than a full parking spot on either side of it to prevent anyone from getting between them and the limo, the federal SUV's slide in before and aft. Almost immediately, two men exit each vehicle and stand guard to either side.
It occurs to me that these men might not be in on the assassination plot and are just doing their jobs. Yet, if that is the case, then the hitman must already be here, set up and waiting for his target. The minute Sam steps out of the limousine, the hitman will take him out. And if we locate the sniper before he can hit his target, in the confusion and chaos that is sure to erupt, Sam will be shot by someone much closer.
Interrupting my thoughts, Eddy asks, "What do we do Mac?"
"Pull up right behind the limousine as planned. You get the drop on the men to the left, I'll get the drop on the men to the right, and Kelly," I pause, unsure if I should be taking such a big risk with her. But we are out of options, and I force myself to continue. "And Kelly, you get your dad out of the limo and back in here as quickly as you can. Keep your heads down, and don't waste time catching up."
"Mac, you can't be serious!" Eddy exclaims, her eyes in the rearview mirror.
"Sam won't hesitate when he sees his daughter," I quickly explain before turning to look at Kelly; I am more than a bit surprised to notice the slightest of smiles turning up the corners of her mouth. She should be terrified of what I have asked her to do and yet, she appears almost eager.
Of course, I might be misjudging her expression of eagerness. After all, it is entirely possible that she is only anxious to be reunited with her father and nothing more.
And yet, there's that feeling in my gut again.



**51**
Eddy had been slowing down, hanging back while awaiting my instructions. Now that she is aware of what my plan is, she takes a deep breath and steps on the accelerator. Her faith in my plan is uncertain, but there is no doubt regarding her trust in me, and that is what she is relying on as she propels us forward.
To the sound of screeching rubber on sun-dried asphalt, we slide to a halt directly behind the parked limousine, the rear door just beginning to open. Even before the SUV comes to a complete stop, Eddy is out the door, her weapon aimed at the chest of the nearest agent, her voice yelling at him to freeze as his hand instinctively goes for the weapon tucked into the back of his waistband.
Almost as quickly, I kick open the rear door. But instead of jumping out, I level the machine gun and yell at both agents, "If you value your life, you won't make a move!"
To my surprise, as well as Eddy's, all four agents stand down, not a single one tries to be a hero. They are not dedicated body guards, simply federal marshals transporting a witness to testify. This should have been a boringly routine assignment.
Kelly is out of the vehicle with the same speed and determination as Eddy, reaching the side of the limousine even before I can yell my commands at the agents. When she yanks the door open and sees her father, she hesitates, her posture becomes stiff, and she slowly takes a step back.
The federal marshals will only stand still for so long and then something will snap. It's important that Kelly get her father out of the limousine and into our SUV before that happens. Moreover, somewhere out there is a hitman with a high powered rifle that is going to regain his composure and take advantage of the situation we created if it lingers.
"Kelly, get him out of there!" Eddy yells, having a better view of what's going on than I have from the back seat of the SUV.
Out of the corner of my eye, I see the driver's door of the limo open. Eddy yells for the driver to stay put, but he simply ignores her and climbs out. From my position, I can only see his head and shoulders; the rest of his body is out of sight below the hood of the vehicle.
"Don't move, any of you!" Eddy yells, swinging her weapon from first the federal agents and then back to cover the driver.
Ignoring her commands, Jimmy side-steps along the side of the limo, his right hand held down at his side and behind his right leg. "Come on Kelly," I hiss under my breath, subconsciously aware of each second ticking off in my head. This is taking way too long. What is Kelly waiting for? And what is Jimmy up to?
Before these questions can be answered, the passenger's door on the limo starts to slowly open.
Catlin! Now what the Hell is Catlin up to?
Every time Eddy swings her weapon to cover the driver, he stops. When she swings it back toward the agents, he starts moving again. He is almost to the rear door opposite Kelly, when he stops moving. The look on his face clearly states that he is waiting for something or someone to make a move, and all the commands in the world aren't going to stop him from his assigned task.
As Catlin steps out of the limousine, the color drains from Kelly's face. Stepping back, she turns to face him, aiming the nine-millimeter directly at his chest. The distance separating them is less than fifteen-feet; she can't miss.
Realizing what her intent is, I push off from the seat, yelling loudly in vain, "Kelly, no!"
But I am too late, as the nine-millimeter bucks harshly in her hands, the bullet striking Catlin high up in the left chest cavity. The impact carries him backwards, driving him into the open door of the limo. A small caliber handgun slips from his numbed fingers and falls in slow motion to the asphalt.
The agents to my right reach for their own weapons just as a short burst of shots ring out. Jimmy, the driver, has stepped back and is shooting into the rear window of the limousine, his bullets setting off little explosions of pulverized glass into the air and creating a multitude of miniature rainbows in the sunshine.
Stunned by her own actions, Kelly stands frozen in time, unable to move. Landing on my feet, I am mildly surprised when I don't fall to my face. Moving with frantic haste, I put a short burst through the side windows of the federal vehicle, freezing them in place. It would have been just as easy to put the lead in their bellies.
"Throw them down!" I command, the short-barreled machine gun leveled at their chests. When they continue to hesitate, I repeat, "Now!"
As they move to comply, another shot rings out over my left shoulder. Eddy, unable to stop the limo driver by sheer command, is forced to take it to the next level. With a well-aimed shot, she puts a bullet in his upper right arm, and then spins back to cover the agents with her weapon. Unlike the two agents on my side, they don't make a move for their weapons.
As Catlin collapses to the ground, Kelly slowly comes out of her frozen state and turns back toward the open rear door. "Daddy," she hesitantly whispers, her voice like that of a small child's.
"Oh honey," he says, sliding out the back seat of the limousine and pulling his daughter into his arms.
In her father's embrace, the young girl collapses, her resolve evaporated. Crying uncontrollably, her father holds her tightly against him, his outer suit jacket and hair covered in splinters and dust from the pulverized window.
Stepping over to them, I grab his right arm and drag them back toward the SUV, all the while keeping the agents covered with the machine gun. "Get in!" I order, stepping aside for them to slip into the SUV without coming between the federal agents and my weapon.
Kelly continues crying hysterically, no longer the strong, mature woman, but simply a frightened and traumatized young child.
Pushing the door shut behind them, I climb into the front seat of the SUV, never taking my eyes off the agents. "Let's roll!" I shout for Eddy's benefit, noticing that the limousine driver has moved back to the driver's door for support and is cradling his right arm with his left hand. The right sleeve of his finely tailored uniform is soaked in blood, but he appears oblivious of the pain. His eyes are riveted on my Eddy and if looks could kill, she would be dead!
As Eddy climbs back into the SUV, I reach across and pull the shift select lever into drive so she doesn't have to lower her weapon. With a single hand on the wheel, she steps down on the accelerator pedal, and we leave the same way we arrived, to the sound of screeching tires on sun-dried asphalt.



**52**
When we enter the highway, I glance back and am surprised when I see the federal SUV's still parked next to the limousine. The federal agents are moving between the vehicles, but none of them seem interested in us.
"Get us off the highway as quickly as you can," I instruct Eddy, aware that with the ebb of adrenaline, my vision is beginning to blur. "How are you doing, Sam?" I ask, glancing over at him and his daughter.
Kelly is curled into a fetal position against him, his arms holding her tightly. There is no doubt that the young girl is in a state of shock. Her medical needs are every bit as dire as mine, if she is expected to carry on a normal life. It's good that she has a strong support system in her father.
"I'm doing alright now," he states. And then, glancing down at his daughter adds, "Thank you. We both owe you our lives." He obviously wants to say something more, but is hesitant and unsure. Instead of pressuring him, I sit in silence, giving him time to put his words together.
Closing my eyes against the bright, late morning sun, I let my thoughts drift while trying to anticipate what's coming next, when Sam suddenly asks, "How did you know John was working with them. I trusted that man with my life and he was going to kill me for my money! We shared history! How could I have been so naive about him all this time?"
"We'll discuss that another time," I dismissively reply. With the increasing loss of blood, my thoughts are rapidly growing more confused and disconnected when I am suddenly struck by an epiphany! "Eddy, we need to get Sam to the courthouse," I command, suddenly realizing that if he doesn't appear to give testimony, the cartel wins and all of this will have been for naught.
"I'm sure the prosecutor will ask for an extension when I don't appear," Sam remarks.
"But it's a roll of the dice whether the judge grants an extension, or simply dismisses the case for lack of evidence," I argue, suddenly not sure how high up the chain the cartel have gotten their tentacles. If they have a favorable judge in their corner, he will jump on this opportunity to earn his bonus and not directly connect himself with any questionable abuse of the bench. "Even if he gives the extension, it only gives them more time to get to you," I add, my voice growing noticeably weaker. "We need to end this now."
"I'd feel much better if we could take my daughter somewhere safe first," he argues, his voice full of concern.
Suddenly feeling nauseous and dizzy and unable to focus my eyes, I reach forward and place a hand on the dash to steady myself. Looking across at me, Eddy asks, "Mac, are you okay?"
In the short time that I'd been sitting up front, the blood running down my right leg has congealed around my foot, creating a gooey mess in the carpet. "Just a little light-headed," I confess.
"I'll find us a safe place," she says, suddenly veering to the right and taking the off-ramp leading into downtown and city center.
Although she isn't familiar with the city streets, the courthouse is clearly sign posted and following the signs leads us through a bustling business district and into the central hub of the city itself. When she continues on past the courthouse, I give her a questioning look.
"Hold on, we have a stop to make first," is all she says, keeping her intentions to herself for the time being.
In the next block is a multilevel parking structure and beyond that, a looming motel with a covered entrance facing out on two streets. Without hesitating, she pulls the SUV up to the lobby doors and jumps out, instructing us to stay put and wait.
"What's she up to?" Sam asks, looking questioningly after her departing figure through the large glass doors.
"She's improvising," I grumble, realizing what her intentions are.



**53**
Within a matter of minutes, she returns flashing an electronic door key in her right hand. Climbing into the driver's seat, she simply says, "Hold on."
Driving hurriedly around to the far side of the building, we come to a narrow, two-lane driveway leading down and around to the main parking entrance in the rear which leads us even further down into a large, poorly lit cavern of concrete construction beneath the building.
Slowing down to let her eyes adjust to the dim lighting, she studies the numbers painted on the pillars and on the floor proper until she finds her bearings and zips forward into a parking spot not far from the elevator doors.
"Listen, Mac, we don't have much time, so I don't want a huge argument from you." Before I can interrupt and ask her what she's up to, she quickly continues. "You're going to take Kelly up to the room and make her comfortable. While you wait on us, you might want to get yourself cleaned up," she adds, glancing down at my blood-soaked jeans. "I'm going to escort Sam here to the courthouse."
"Eddy," I start, and when she begins to interrupt, I raise my hand slightly in a gesture of restraint. "I just want to say, be careful."
"Thanks, Mac. I will be," she softly replies, smiling at me.
"I'll have to carry her to the room," Sam says from the back seat as he opens the door and extricates himself from the SUV with his daughter's arms locked in a death grip around his neck.
"I'm sorry Sam, but we don't have time. Mac will see that she gets to the room, won't you Mac?" Eddy says, looking hopefully toward me.
Climbing out the passenger's side, I gingerly set my feet on the ground while maintaining a firm grasp on the door handle for support. For a moment, I worry that the ground won't stop spinning beneath me. But the situation requires that I suck it up and do what is needed of me.
Working my way around the front of the vehicle to the side door where Sam has gently managed to get Kelly into an upright position, I put a comforting hand on his left arm and tell him that we'll be fine, just hurry back as soon as possible.
Hesitantly, he takes a step back, giving me room to take Kelly by the hand and guide her toward the door. "Come on, dear," I gently coax, fighting down my own waves of nausea.
Standing shakily on her own two feet, I worry that between the two of us we'll be lucky to reach the elevator, when Sam suddenly says, "Can you give us a moment of privacy?"
"Sure."
Hobbling to the front door of the SUV, I meet Eddy's worried gaze. "I have more faith in you than you will ever know, my love," I say encouragingly. "But that doesn't mean I'm not going to be worrying about you."
Smiling weakly, she looks down at my bullet-riddled and blood-soaked jeans, the right leg which is completely missing, and says, "I think I have more reason to be concerned for you than you do for me."
"I wish I could say the worse is over, but you know as well as I do that the General is still out there and he is probably waiting at the courthouse for you. He's not the smartest man you will ever meet, but he is by far the cruelest, most determined son-of-a-bitch this country has ever seen," I tell her, wishing there was more I could give her to prepare her for the inevitable encounter.
There is no doubt that the General and possibly a sniper or two are waiting at the courthouse on the off chance his other plans failed. Failure is not an option for him. If news of Sam's death doesn't reach his bosses, he is as good as dead and the General is well aware of that fact.
Leaning forward, I kiss her lightly on the lips. When I start to pull away, she reaches behind my head and pulls me to her, a sudden wave of passion passing between us in the fraction of a second.
Slowly, she lets her hand fall and I move away, the promise of what we have yet to share in the forefront of our minds. "Don't be long," I whisper gently.
"You better be ready when I get back," she smiles, glancing at Kelly and Sam as he leads her to the elevator before returning to the SUV and climbing into the passenger's seat without a word.
After touching her arm lightly, I reluctantly turn toward the elevator as she backs out of the parking space and swiftly accelerates back into the bright morning sunshine. There is the sound of screeching tires as she takes the first corner out on the street and then the silence of the elevator as we head up to our room.



**54**
Kelly walks woodenly down the hall toward our room in much the same manner as the zombies in an old horror movie. She is devoid of expression, her world shattered by the fact that she took another human's life. As the shock of her actions wears off, she will go into a severe depression that will be followed by guilt and then remorse. She will need rest and counseling and a lot of loving support and understanding from her father. Until she is ready to tell him about Catlin, he will only know that the man betrayed him in business for money.
Fortunately, the halls are covered in a heavy pile of burgundy carpet that does a superb job of hiding my footprints and not attracting attention to our room. After opening the door, I lead Kelly to the bathroom and turn on the shower. While the water grows warm, I strip off her outer garments, leaving only her bra and under panties on before guiding her into the comforting stream of hot water.
Leaving her standing under the rush of water, I slip out of my outer garments, leaving on only what's left of my jeans and my boots. Slipping into the shower with her, I close the glass door and locate the shampoo. Before long, we are both covered in a thick layer of suds as Kelly actually rubs a bar of soap over her face and bare skin.
Although I realized that it was risky of me to share the shower with her considering her fragile mental state, my sixth sense told me that she trusted me, despite my being a man, and we are both in dire need of succoring.
The steaming water slowly drives the chill from our bodies and the blood from my jeans and boots. Leaving Kelly scrubbing silently in the shower, I slip out and hobble over to the commode. Sitting down on the closed lid, I carefully work the brace off my right ankle, feeling extremely woozy as I look down. Kicking it aside, I next work off my boots and socks. My right ankle is a dark bluish-green mixed with black, the skin feeling puffy to the touch. Yet, after pressing against it with my thumb, the white blotch quickly turns dark again, affirming there is still circulation flowing through it. If I don't get medical attention soon, it could turn gangrenous.
Next, I slip out of my jeans and lay them on the vanity for later. With just my underwear on, I study the two bullet wounds. The bleeding is finally slacking off and only weeps when I put pressure near the small holes. It leaves a sick ache in my stomach when I consider that there are 2 large chunks of lead embedded deep within my thigh.
Pulling a large terry cloth towel from the rack, I wrap it tightly around my leg so that it covers the two wounds. Then by using the twine that had once secured the machine gun tripod to my ankle, I secure the towel in place with enough pressure against the wounds to staunch the remaining flow of blood.
"Kelly, how are you doing in there?"
When she doesn't answer, I pull myself to my feet, and reach for the shower door. Though I open it slowly, she feels the inrush of cooler air and turns to face me. "Are you ready to come out so we can order some room service and clothes?" I ask, smiling kindly at her.
To my surprise, she smiles back, covering her budding breasts with her forearms out of a sense of modesty. There is only the slightest bulge to her belly to give away the fact that she is pregnant. And although she is a fine looking woman/child, I see her without a trace of desire or lust that I feel when looking upon other naked women. She could just as well be my daughter or sister. She is definitely my friend.
Grabbing another large towel from the rack, I hand it to her. She takes it and wraps herself up in it. Selecting another, slightly smaller towel, I hand that to her also as she steps out of the shower. "Here, for your hair."
"Thank you," she says with a weak smile.
Taking the last towel on the rack for myself, I roughly rub my head with it, forcing my long black hair in every direction. Heading into the main room, I glance around at our surroundings for the first time. To my dismay, there isn't a wetbar. There is, however, a complimentary snack bar and as I head across the room toward it, I ask Kelly over my shoulder if there is anything in particular she would care for.
"Yes, there is," she says softly.
Reaching the snack bar, I grab two chocolate bars, figuring we could both use the rush of sugar and caffeine. When I turn around, my mouth falls open; the candy in my right hand suddenly forgotten.
Standing so that she is facing me from across the room is Kelly, the towel on the floor at her feet with her bra and panties lying atop it. "I know what I want, do you?" she says seductively, stepping around the corner of the bed and walking toward me, her hips swinging exaggeratedly from side to side.
"Kelly, you need to get dressed," I stutter, caught off guard and not thinking too clearly.
"I know you find me attractive," she says, her voice unusually husky for a young girl. "I haven't forgotten the look you gave me when we first met. You wanted me. I know you did."
"Kelly, I'm not going to say it again," I start, watching her step up to me, the firmness of her breasts and the rock hard nipples adorning them threatening to break down my wall of control. When she gets up to me, pressing her firm flesh against my bare chest, I pull the towel from my head and wrap it around her, scolding her as if she is a small child. "I warned you, missy," I reprimand her with a firm voice. "Now you cover yourself up this minute!"
To my surprise, she breaks into tears, suddenly embarrassed by her behavior. Taking the towel, she hurries back to the pile on the floor and grabs it on her way into the bathroom, slamming the door shut behind her.
Realizing that I'm still holding the candy bars, I tear off the wrappers and put them in my mouth, feeling a sudden surge of energy flow through my ravaged body. Hobbling to the nightstand, I pick up the phone and call room service; the candy only reminded me that I'm damned hungry!
After making the call and ordering up some food and new clothes, I drop into the nearest chair and instantly doze off. When I awaken, it is to the sound of voices and I'm no longer in the chair.



**55**
From years of training, I never just open my eyes upon waking. Instead, I listen silently to my surroundings while maintaining a slow, shallow breathing pattern that mimics sleep. Only when I feel comfortable that everything is as it should be, do I slowly open my eyes.
Sometimes, this doesn't always work as planned, such as when your eyes are crusted shut from having slept through a high fever or other trauma to the body. This is one of those times.
While struggling to break the dry, crusty seal on my eye lids, I hear Eddy's voice tinged with anxiety. "He's awake!"
The sound of her voice lifts my spirits and makes me feel secure in the surroundings. When I lift my right hand to my face, Eddy takes it and lays it back where it had been at my side while daubing gently at my eyes with a damp cloth, all the while cooing softly.
"Where am I?" I ask, feeling slightly embarrassed by her mothering attention.
Leaning down, she kisses me on the lips, her breath sweet and fresh in my face. When she pulls away, I glance around, immediately recognizing the hotel room as the one I entered with Kelly.
Just then, Larry's tall, muscular form steps into view, a hot mug of coffee in each hand. "Hey pardoner," he grumbles affectionately, handing one cup to Eddy and setting the other on the night stand next to my head. "Think you can sit up so we can talk? Or would you like to sleep for another day or so?"
With Eddy's help, they pull me forward and slip a couple of pillows behind me to prop me up. Only then do I notice the fresh bandages on my right leg. "How long have I been here?" I ask, suddenly concerned about Sam and Kelly. "Where's Kelly? Is Sam alright?"
"Slow down, Mac," Eddy says, handing me the mug of coffee from the night stand. "Here, drink some of this first, then we'll talk."
Except for the clean bandages, the only other cloth covering my body is my briefs. My upper torso, though well-muscled despite my poor exercise regimen, is crisscrossed with scars, everything from old knife wounds to not so old bullet wounds. Glancing down at the myriad of scars is like taking a tour through my life. It hasn't been a sheltered existence by any means.
After taking a sip, I gingerly set the mug on my crotch, acutely aware of the heat and pose my first question. "Where's Kelly and how is Sam?"
"There both fine, Mac," Eddy says with a smile. "In fact, they should be back any time. Sam wanted to spend a little time alone with his daughter. She's pretty shaken up yet, but I think she'll come around. She's a tough kid."
"That she is," I concur, thinking how proud I am of her. "So, how long have I been here and when did you get here?" I say, looking toward Larry.
"Yesterday. You've been asleep for a little more than twenty four hours, near as I can figure based on what Kelly said," he answers while dragging an overstuffed chair next to the bed for Eddy to sit in before taking up residence on the foot of the bed. It felt good to be surrounded by the main people in my life.
Looking at Eddy, I take another sip from the mug and then say, "So, bring me up to speed, what happened at the courthouse ?, was it really yesterday?"
"Yes, it was really yesterday," she smiles, her face filled with relief.
"Did you bandage my leg?" I continue. And then, before she can respond, I ask, "Are the bullets still in, or did you get Larry to dig them out with that buck knife of his?"
"Neither," Larry states matter-of-factly. "I flew back yesterday afternoon and collected Dr. Tibbens. You remember him, don't you?" he asks, a mischievous grin on his face.
"Surely, you're not referring to the Dr. Tibbens that has the clinic just down the road from Sammy's Hangout?" I ask, a bit incredulous.
"The one and only," he smirks.
"But he's a vet!" I cry out, suddenly infuriated that he would have the gall to fix me up with a horse doctor.
"He had the tools and the where-with-all to get the job done. And besides, he isn't going to report the gunshot wounds to the authorities," he smiles, enjoying my sudden discomfort. "That's only required of human gunshot wounds."
Looking at Eddy, who is trying hard to hide her smile, I berate her, "I thought you had my back."
Laughing, unable to keep a straight face any longer, she gets out of the chair and reaches across me, giving me a comforting hug and a light peck on the cheek. "I'll always have your back, love."
"Yeah, and we've all heard the saying, with friends like you guys, who needs enemies?" I reply, giving into their humor and smiling back.
Taking another swallow of the black coffee, I ask, "So, what happened at the courthouse yesterday? I remember thinking that Agent Howard wasn't with the others at the rest stop, so he must have been waiting at the courthouse with General Alveraz."
"The judge had issued a forty-eight hour continuance even before we got there," Eddy says with a nervous smile. "We have to return with Sam tomorrow at ten A.M."
"What about Agent Howard and General Alveraz? Any idea what happened to them?" I press, already considering our next move.
Larry answers, "I located one of the snipers on a roof two buildings over and Alveraz sitting in a car in the east parking lot, but I didn't know about this Agent Howard guy."
"You couldn't have," I apologize. "Because I didn't even know he was going to be waiting at the courthouse. I had assumed he was going to be riding along with Sam." After a moment of silence, I add, "That explains why the agents at the rest stop weren't more aggressive. They didn't play the hero role because they knew their boss was going to take care of everything, one way or the other."
"I'll make a call," Larry says conspiratorially, indicating he will make sure their careers with the agency are over.
"That still doesn't explain why they let Sam live yesterday," I query, wishing I had been there.
"They pulled out almost fifteen minutes before Eddy arrived with Sam," Larry says.
"My guess is they got a call from someone inside the courthouse letting them know that the testimony had been postponed before we arrived," Eddy says. "They must have thought that we already knew about the postponement and weren't coming, because if they had waited just a little longer, they could have finished it."
"I never would have allowed that to happen, Eddy," Larry states a bit coolly.
"Of course, you wouldn't have," Eddy replies, smiling warmly back at him and quickly defrosting his injured pride.
"So, we take him back tomorrow to give his testimony," I start, looking across at Larry.
"Wait a minute," Eddy flares up. "You're not going anywhere. Larry and I will take care of Sam while you babysit Kelly." She says, reading my thoughts. "Well, babysit might not be the right word, but you know what I mean."
"I know exactly what you mean, and you're staying here with Kelly. This is what Larry and I have been doing our entire lives," I argue, my voice rising.
"You've just had two bullets dug out of your right leg! Your right ankle is swollen up like a football and you think you can do better than me?" Eddy protests, her voice rising above mine.
"Enough already!" Larry shouts over us, bringing silence to the room.
"He's not fit," Eddy starts to say.
"Eddy, I mean both of you. Enough arguing." While we sit silently glaring at each other for a long moment, Larry starts in defining his dilemma. "While Mac is clearly incapacitated by his current injuries, he is the most experienced and we have worked together for many years." When Eddy starts to protest, he raises his right hand to silence her. "I'm not finished yet. On the other hand, there's you, Eddy. You're in better physical condition, even when Mac isn't healing from bullet wounds."
"Why, thank you Larry. I wasn't aware that you'd noticed," she teasingly smiles at him for my benefit.
"How could he not have noticed, he's a man and he's breathing," I sneer.
"I'm not talking to you," she sneers back and then quickly flashes a seductive smile at Larry.
"I'll tell you what," Larry sighs resignedly, throwing his hands up in exasperation. I'm going to go and get me some fresh air while you two work out your differences. In fact, I'm going to leave it up to you guys to decide who's going to escort Sam to the courthouse tomorrow and who's going to look after the girl. I frankly don't give a damn which one of you it is, so long as you're up to the task." His last words were aimed directly at me as he throws his coat over his shoulders and marches toward the door.
He is almost to the door, when it suddenly opens and Sam and Kelly enter. Pausing just long enough to let them know that I'm awake and talking, he hurries on out, pulling the door shut behind him.
Sam and Kelly come straight to my bedside, his face a forced smile while Kelly's is drawn and tight. She does appear to be in better nick than the last time I'd seen her, though. "You're looking good, Mac," she says, her voice barely more than a whisper as she studies the floor at her feet.
"Thanks, I'm feeling much better," I casually reply, studying her.
His voice apologetic, Sam hurriedly blurts, "I'll make this up to you, to both of you. And don't worry about your friend, Larry, I'll take care of him too. Whatever you think is right, you just let me know."
"Don't worry about it Sam, we know you'll do the right thing," I dismissingly reply, while still studying the girl. "Hey, Kelly," I gently coax, trying to get her to raise her eyes from the floor at her feet. When she hesitantly looks up, I look deep in her eyes, trying hard to force an understanding between us. "We're still friends, right?"
Timidly, she nods her head ever so slightly in acknowledgement. "Can I call you the next time I need a machine gunner for my helicopter? Will you come running to help me out?"
"Yeah, that would be cool," she replies, her voice barely audible and yet, I detect just the slightest hint of a smile. It's not much, but it's a start.
The forced smile on Sam's face quickly becomes the real thing as he senses for the first time that his daughter has turned the corner for the better. "Oh, I almost forgot," he suddenly says, reaching into one of the brown paper sacks he was holding behind his back. "We got you something. Kelly tells me it's your favorite and that you've been missing it as of late."
From the bag he produces a fifth of West Indies rum. At the sight of the amber liquid my palette begins to salivate. In all the excitement, I'd nearly forgotten how much I'd missed the stuff. And then, I feel a sudden pang of guilt as I glance toward Eddy. To my surprise, she is smiling at me.
Rising to her feet, she takes the bottle from Sam's outstretched hand and hooking her other hand in Kelly's elbow, says, "Come on girl, let's fix our men a drink. In fact, I think I might just fix us one too."
Kelly gives her father a hurried look to which he quickly responds, "I think she's right, dear. I think we all deserve a drink."
While Kelly and Eddy scrounge up glasses and raid the ice maker, Sam saunters around the side of the bed and drops heavily into the chair just vacated by Eddy. "I owe you an apology, Mac."
"You only owe me what we agreed upon when I agreed to work for you, Sam. No more and no less."
"That's not what I'm talking about. I'm referring to the way I demeaned you when we first met. If it had been up to me, I wouldn't have hired you. For what it's worth, my opinion of you was pretty low back then," he says, keeping his voice down so the girls can't hear him.
Taking a deep breath, he suddenly laughs, a twisted little laugh that doesn't sound quite right. "Listen to me. It hasn't even been a week, and I'm talking about it as if it were years ago. Has so much happened?"
"Yes, Sam, a lot has happened in the last few days, not the least of which men have been killed," I reply in equally low tones.
"Damn it, you think I don't know that," he angrily whispers, his frustrations boiling dangerously close to the surface. "Men have died; my daughter killed my best friend, for Christ's sake!" He takes a few deep breaths, physically fighting down the anger and frustration, while I silently wait on him, giving him time to let it out. "If it wasn't for me, she never would have been driven to commit such a vile act."
Although I can't betray Kelly's trust, I feel I must say something. "This isn't all about you, Sam. It goes way beyond one man and in more directions than I can say." I pause for a moment, giving him a chance to simmer down before continuing. Out of the corner of my eye, I notice Eddy watching us. She is sensing the tension in our part of the room and keeping Kelly away from it. "For what it's worth, I knew exactly how you felt about me the moment we met. I haven't survived this long without learning a thing or two about human nature. I appreciate the fact that you feel badly for the way you felt, but I can appreciate it even more that you no longer feel that way. That's more than enough of an apology."
Placing his hand on my arm, he lowers his head and simply says, "Thank you." After a moment of silence, he asks, "Do you have a plan for tomorrow?"
"I always have a plan, Sam," I smile, accepting the proffered rum from Eddy.



**56**
I can't remember the last time a glass of rum tasted so good. Savoring the heat as it flows down my throat and creating a warm glow in the pit of my stomach, I look around the room, studying each of them briefly. Larry isn't here, but true to our friendship, he picked up the baton when I asked it of him and never questioned me, despite his concerns for my state of mind. And though he probably wouldn't approve of my drinking right now, he would be the last person in the room to bring it to my attention.
"Do you know where Larry left his little bird?" I ask of Eddy, figuring he may have told her when he brought the veterinarian to look after me.
"Little dirt strip on the edge of town. He called ahead and arranged for a rental car to be waiting for him." She pauses for a moment and then adds, "You really owe him big for this one. He hasn't said anything, but I think he was working another case when he got your call."
Sam quickly cuts in, "I already told Mac that I will make it right with him."
"That's really kind of you, Sam, and I'm sure Larry will appreciate anything you do for him. But it's his reputation that he put on the line to come here on such short notice. Because he's here, he isn't dealing with his other obligation and someone is growing disappointed."
"Yes, I suppose you're right about that. I know how I would be feeling if he had called you or Mac and you'd taken off to be there for him. It could generate some hard feelings and start a sour rumor," he agreed.
"I wouldn't worry about Larry's reputation or any job he may have left hanging to be here. If you knew Larry as well as me, you'd know that he didn't leave anyone in a lurch, even if he had to hire someone to take over for him," I say, taking another sip from the glass.
At just that moment, Larry returns, entering the room with a large shopping bag in his right hand emblazoned with the hotel store's emblem. "You're just in time," I say, smiling mischievously.
When he sees the glasses of rum we're all holding, he misses a beat and then quickly catches himself. If I wasn't so familiar with all of his little nuances, I wouldn't have noticed the hiccup. "Something tells me I'm not going to like this," he says a bit nervously.
Eddy jumps out of the chair next to the bed and says, "Let me fix you a drink."
Watching her with a half-hearted smile as she goes to the counter, he adds, "Now I'm almost certain of it."
"It's okay, Larry. I was just about to share my plans for tomorrow with Sam and Eddy," I say.
"Are you going to be up to any action by tomorrow morning?" he asks out of concern.
"I'll be at the courthouse with Kelly, keeping as low a profile as I can from the passenger's seat of your rental," I start, as Eddy hands him a glass of rum and returns to the chair next to the bed.
Taking another sip from my glass, I wait while he pulls up the wooden chair from the writing table next to the T.V. stand. Turning it backwards, he straddles it using the backrest for an armrest. With everyone near, I slowly lay out my plans, answering any questions as they come up.
Facing Larry, I ask, "You said you located one of the snipers on the roof of the building east of the courthouse, were you sure there was more than just the one?"
"His position was that of a secondary, a backup shooter, not the primary. I'm certain the primary shooter was in the converted warehouse just north of the secondary and in direct line of sight with the front doors," he says, pausing to sip at his drink.
"That could be a problem," I say, thinking how difficult it will be to draw a bead on the primary if he is actually inside a structure and not on a roof or balcony.
"I could head over there right now and work my way through the building," he quickly offers.
"When we finish," I agree, regretting that I wasn't up to the task myself. "You also mentioned that you didn't see either General Alveraz or Agent Howard and yet, we know they were there." I pause for a long moment, thinking hard. "They wouldn't trust to their snipers to do the job. Both of them would want to be in a position to see that if anything went wrong, they could right it without drawing attention to themselves."
"Parking lot," Kelly suddenly says, causing the rest of us to turn questioningly toward her.
"Please, do go on," I anxiously prompt her when she suddenly becomes self conscious and quiet with everyone looking at her.
Yet, even before she starts to explain, I realize what she is going to say and it seems so obvious, I could kick myself. Kelly starts explaining, "If they're only going to do something when they see their snipers fail, they would want to be in a position that gives them both anonymity and covers the escape routes. They can't sit inside the doors of the courthouse without drawing attention to themselves and they can't simply stroll around on the sidewalk out front of the courthouse while waiting for my dad to show up. But they can sit in cars at either end of the parking lot without being seen or drawing attention to themselves. If everything goes according to their plan, they simply drive away. And if something goes wrong, they 'right it' as you say. Then they drive off and get lost in the traffic before anyone is the wiser. They left before you showed up the other day, or they would have seen you and probably done something." Her voice trails off as she considers what they might have done if they had still been waiting for her father to show up.
"My daughter, she's a genius, isn't she," Sam proudly boasts, smiling affectionately at her.
"She's a smart girl," I fondly agree. "So, with that in mind, Larry will neutralize the snipers, Kelly and I will take care of Agent Howard and General Alveraz, while Eddy will escort you, Sam, into the courthouse. If indeed their waiting at either end of the parking lot in front of the courthouse, you'll be safe once we get you through the doors. So let's make that priority one tomorrow, getting Sam through the courthouse doors."
"Why can't we make arrangements to bring him in through a side door?" Eddy asks.
"Because Agent Howard will know about it the minute we ask for permission. He's going to be on top of anything and everything going on there tomorrow." When it appears that she's about to suggest something more, I gently cut her off. "If we make the call and alert him as a ruse to distract them, he'll only bring in more men and we'll be the ones losing sight of the ball. Even with the numbers as they stand, we are at a distinct disadvantage. Let's not outsmart ourselves."
"Yes, you're right. I hadn't even considered that they might bring in more men, especially if they see a need for them," she humbly agrees. "As it stands, they might bring in more men anyway, what then?"
"They won't," I confidently remark. "This has become personal to General Alveraz, and Agent Howard doesn't want to bring in anyone not in his circle of influence. They'll work with what they've got. Remember, they don't realize we know as much as we do or that we have another man on the team who has already scoped them out," I quickly explain.
Finishing his drink, Larry rises, saying, "It's going to be dark soon. I've got extra weapons and ammunition downstairs in the rental. After I bring them up, I'll take me a walk down to the old converted warehouse and see what I can find." Setting his empty glass on the counter, he turns back before going out the door. "If I don't return tonight, don't worry about me or the snipers, I'll find them one way or another and neutralize the problem. I'll leave the keys to the rental with you."
"Thanks, Larry," I sincerely reply, nodding my head in salute.
Sam says and does likewise as Larry heads out the door. "That is some friend you have there, Mac," he says with emotion, his eyes lingering on the closed door as he fights back the bitter feelings of loss and betrayal of his once best friend.
Realizing the pain he is in, I refrain from saying anything more than, "I know," aware that my words, though filled with empathy and sympathy, might only sound like gloating. He will find the way through his hurt and pain on his own. Any words spoken now will only ring hollow and made up.
"Let's order up some food," Eddy suggests, smoothly diverting the subject.
Eddy is still on the phone relaying our individual requests to room service when Larry returns with the weapons and ammo. After setting the bulk of the items down on the floor next to the counter, he continues on over to the bed until he is standing next to it. Handing me a small, black leather satchel, he says, "Here, you might find it more comfortable tomorrow."
As I unzip the satchel and recognize my .357 revolver, he drops the keys to the rental on the blankets by my hands and bids his farewell. We've known each other long enough that words aren't necessary to express my thanks. Instead, I say, "Are you sure you won't hang around a little longer and have dinner with us?"
"Thanks, but I'll catch something later," he quips over his shoulder with a wink.



**57**
When the food arrives, I'm the only one with an appetite. While Eddy makes a fair attempt at eating some of the food off her tray, Sam and Kelly simply pick at theirs. Kelly is the first to give up the charade of eating and simply returns her tray to the counter before locking herself in the bathroom. Eddy, noticing that I've eaten all of my food and am looking hungrily at her leftovers, suggests that I trade trays with her. After placing my empty tray on the counter next to Kelly's untouched tray, she goes to the bathroom door and gently taps, then identifies herself to Kelly and asks if she would care for some company. To my surprise, the door slowly opens and Eddy slips inside, pulling it shut behind her.
"While they do what women will do," I say lightly, getting Sam's attention. "Did you have any questions about tomorrow?"
"Just one," he says, smiling mischievously. "Are your plans always this simple?"
Smiling back at him, I realize that I don't need to explain myself; he is just trying to shake off his grief. Everyone deals with grief in a pattern that doctors have documented over the ages. He is simply going through the stages. When he tires of trying to keep up the brave front, he will slip into anger and depression, asking himself what he did to deserve what happened. When that stage runs its course, he will be grateful for what he has; a beautiful daughter that loves and believes in him.
 Not wanting to waste the opportunity to keep his spirits up, I decide to engage him in conversation and explain myself anyway. "When it comes to planning an operation, experience has shown me that the best laid plans always go awry and it becomes a life or death matter depending on who can improvise the quickest. With a simple plan, there is much less to go wrong initially and the players are already improvising between the high points. When something does change, and it always does, we take it in stride."
"What are the high points in your plan for tomorrow?" he asks, leaning forward as one that is seriously interested and not just being polite.
"Well," I start, wishing I had another glass of rum to wet my whistle.
As if reading my thoughts, he interrupts before I can get started and asks if I would like a refill. When he returns with two full glasses, I pick up where I left off.
"The first high point is Larry locating and neutralizing the snipers. If I'm not mistaken, he will locate their niches tonight and be waiting for the one inside the building. How he neutralizes the other one will depend on what he finds tonight." When Sam's brow furrows, I quickly assuage his concerns. "Larry can be a very creative individual when the need arises. It's enough that I believe the threat will be eliminated and let it go at that. Trust us, Sam."
"Oh, I do trust you guys," he quickly asserts. Whether he truly believes so or not is irrelevant.
"Anyway, that's one high point in the plan. The next is that I locate the general and agent Howard before you and Eddy arrive. Remember, they don't want you getting safely inside the courthouse. And since we know their objective, it's that much easier for us to foil it. So high point two is neutralizing them before you and Eddy arrive," I state, glancing toward the bathroom door for the first time and wondering what they could be discussing in there.
"Do you really think it's a good idea to take Kelly to the courthouse?" he asks, again his brow furrowing with concern.
"I do, Sam," I start, my voice sincere. "Your daughter is in shock and the best thing for her right now is activity. She needs something to take her mind off of what she's been through, at least until she is ready to begin wrapping her head around it. I don't envy her plight."
"She's a strong girl," he says a bit defensively. Taking a deep breath, he asks, "How long do you think she'll be like this?"
Not for the first time, I want to tell him about the pregnancy, but it isn't my place. How she deals with that will say a lot about how quickly she returns to being her old self, if she ever can. Killing someone can be a life-changing experience. Killing the man that raped you and left you with his seed growing inside you, is a life-changing experience. If she keeps the baby, her life will never be what it once was. And although that sounds dire, that might actually be a good thing. People change all the time and maybe Kelly having a child to look after will find it fulfilling.
"I don't know, Sam. I'm guessing it all depends on the type of support she gets," I start.
"She'll get the best that money can buy," he quickly blurts.
"I'm sure she will," I lamely agree. "Anyway, we're getting sidetracked here," I remind him, wanting to get off the subject of Kelly before I say something I regret. "High point three is getting you inside the courthouse. After we pinpoint the general and agent Howard, I'll relay that information to Eddy and she will take action accordingly. In the meantime, I will do what I can to neutralize them."
"Is it foolish of me to ask if when you're referring to 'neutralizing', you actually mean 'killing'?" he asks, his voice deadly serious.
"No Sam, 'neutralizing' does not necessarily mean 'killing'. It means just what I say it means; to remove a threat," I reply, my voice equally serious. "Don't read anymore into it, please."
He studies me for a long moment as if seeing me for the first time. And then he throws back his drink and rises. "I should see about getting us another room for the night."
"I would prefer that you and Kelly stay with us tonight, for security reasons," I quickly advise.
"If you think that's best, then," he resignedly agrees, his voice sounding old and tired.
"I do."
"Well then, I should probably be a gentleman and let the girls have the other bed. I'll take your extra pillow and find some blankets and curl up on the floor here between the beds," he says, dragging the overstuffed chair back out into the room where it was originally.
Reaching over, I grab the second pillow and drop it on the floor next to the bed where he plans on crashing. It would have been generous of me to offer the place next to me, but I'm just not too fond of the idea of sharing a bed with a man. It doesn't sound or feel right. If I wasn't incapacitated, I would gladly have given up the bed and taken a place on the floor.
No sooner does he have a nest of blankets laid out then Kelly and Eddy emerge from the bathroom. Kelly appears in much better spirit than she had earlier and Eddy throws me an encouraging smile.
"Oh, just in time," Sam bellows, marching toward the bathroom as if on a mission.
When Eddy gets nearer the bed, I point out Sam's cocoon on the floor between the beds. "You and Kelly get the other bed," I inform her, waiting for a remark that isn't forthcoming.
Leaning over and giving me a light peck on the cheek, she whispers, "Will you need help getting into the bathroom?"
"Yeah, just as soon as Sam comes out," I innocently acknowledge.
"I'm going to bed," Kelly says, quickly slipping out of her clothes down to her underwear and sliding in between the sheets.
"Goodnight," Eddy and I say in unison.
A moment later, Sam comes out of the bathroom carrying his shirt in his hand, having removed it to wash his upper body. Stopping at the counter, he refills his glass and carries it with him, carefully setting it on the floor next to his pillow before lowering himself down to the blankets.
"You all sleep good tonight," he says, fluffing the pillow to get enough height out of it so he can worry his drink in comfort.
"Goodnight daddy," Kelly whispers, taking the side of the bed next to her father.
"Goodnight dear," he replies, taking her hand when she extends it down to him.
With Eddy's help, I hobble to the bathroom, stopping only once to dim the lights in the room. After getting me through the door and closing it behind us, she hurriedly opens the shower door and turns on the water.
"I don't think it's a good idea to get in the shower with all these bandages," I offer, leaning against the vanity.
But when she turns back toward me, her hands undoing the buttons up the front of her shirt, I realize immediately that the shower isn't for bathing. Repositioning myself against the vanity so that most of my weight is resting on my good leg, I reach out and pull her to me, her shirt falling to the floor in a heap. Our lips hungrily crush against each other, her tongue darting seductively into my mouth, teasing and searching and retreating, searching and retreating.
When she pulls away to let her bra fall loose, she huskily whispers, "I've missed you so bad."
The feel of her bare breasts pressing against my bare skin sends chills of anticipation down my spine. Her hands move flawlessly over my manhood, like a butcher inspecting a fresh delivery. Unable to wait on me, she swiftly unbuttons her fly and wiggles out of her jeans. Stepping out of them as she pulls my underwear down to my bandages, she lifts them with her foot and deposits them on top of her shirt on the floor. Glancing downward, a smile lights up her face at the sight of my engorged manhood.
She moans softly before her lips return to mine. The anticipation of what's to come next is almost more than I can stand as I caress the small of her back, pulling her wanton belly against me. My hands slip ever lower, reveling in the smooth, silky firmness of her ass as she spreads her thighs to make herself more accessible to me.
I can feel her heart racing in her breast as our breaths rasp hoarsely through our nostrils, our passion growing hotter than the steam cloud rising from the shower stall. Forgetful of the pain in my right leg, I easily lift her into position with the strength of my powerful arms.
"Oh God," she moans softly through clenched teeth as our hungry bodies slide together.
No woman has ever made me feel as fulfilling or fulfilled as she does. All I ever need or want is within my reach when I'm with her. Just being near her is more than I deserve and yet, she feels she is the lucky one when we're together.
In the heat of the moment when all rational thought has left us, I feel but one desire, to never be far from her again. "I love you, Eddy," I whisper between breaths.
"Oh Mac," she sighs, her body suddenly constricting beneath my touch and pressing even harder against me, followed immediately by a long exhalation of breath.
As quickly as our passion flared, we are sated, our bodies spent and exhausted as the steam from the shower matts down my hair while making Eddy's curls even tighter against her head.
Kissing her forehead, my lips slipping softly down the side of her face, I whisper in her ear, "I will never leave you again."
"Nor I you," she whispers back, lowering her head to my chest and cuddling affectionately against me.
After intimately washing each other with a washcloth and warm water from the vanity, she assists me back to the bed before slipping off to climb in beside Kelly. In the ensuing darkness, I hear soft voices followed by a muffled giggle. What Eddy and Kelly are sharing, I can only imagine. But just the sound of their voices so near gives me a warm feeling.



**58**
Meanwhile, Sam is snoring loudly on the floor next to the bed, which I find rather interesting. Most people facing the challenges that he is facing would find sleep elusive. Instead of snoring the night away in oblivion, they would spend it tossing and turning. The little real sleep that finds its way to their troubled minds would be wracked with bad dreams and frightening innuendos.
But alas, I don't know Sam all that well. His history might be more involved than I could possibly imagine. He might be conditioned to working under stressful conditions on a regular basis. After all, it can't be easy running a casino.
Staring up at the ceiling, I remove the magnum revolver from its leather carrying case and carefully inspect it. The familiarity of it under my fingers makes light unnecessary. Even in the semi-quasi darkness of the room, I can tell that Larry took the time to clean it before bringing it to me. Of course, he wouldn't have found it in anything but an immaculate state of condition.
The scent of fresh gun oil permeates my nostrils, as I meticulously load each chamber with a live round of ammunition. There is no doubt in my mind that I will be using this weapon come morning light. That is, after all, my trade and stock in life, protecting those that cannot protect themselves. Fortunately, I am very good at it.
Satisfied that I have done everything possible to assure its readiness, I return it to its leather bag and lay it next to my pillow. Within moments, the night closes in and I drift off to sleep.



**59**
Morning comes in a hurry, the sky not having experienced predawn yet when Larry returns. To my surprise, Eddy is already up and a pot of coffee is brewing on the counter. Not remembering the coffee maker, I quickly assume that she went down to the customer service desk and requisitioned what she needed from them.
Seeing me watching her from the bed, she barely acknowledges Larry before skipping across the room and sliding onto the blankets next to me. After planting a warm kiss on my lips, she smiles seductively down at me while whispering good morning.
"And a good morning to you, too," I smile back, savoring her closeness so early in the morning. "I could wake up to this every morning," I tease, running my hand through her blonde curls.
"There's more to this," she winks. And then, her face turning serious, adds, "But we have a lot to do today. How are you feeling?"
Jumping back off the bed, she scurries to the counter and sets up cups for everyone. Larry, figuring that she was going to spend more time on the bed with me, is already pouring himself a cup.
Using my right hand, I gingerly feel the bandage on my leg for wetness. To my relief, the wounds have stopped seeping. At just that moment, Sam rises from the floor and roughly grunts 'good mornings' to everyone while rubbing the sleepy dust from his eyes.
"Can you give me a hand here, big fella," I ask, extending my hand out to him for an assist.
"Sure," he mumbles sleepily, taking my hand and pulling me up while I simultaneously twist my legs off the side of the bed.
A twinge of pain shoots up my right leg and I grimace slightly before fighting it down. "You gonna be up to this today?" Larry asks from across the room, his face belying his concern.
With my grip on Sam's hand, I hastily pull myself to my feet in hopes of dispelling everyone's concern for my wellbeing. Instead, a loud gasp slips past my clenched teeth and I wobble slightly while Sam holds me upright as a wave of nausea threatens to disgorge itself.
After a short moment, the pain subsides to a dull throb and I swallow down the bile that rose up my throat. Letting go of Sam's hand, I hobble around to the foot of the bed and sit down before reaching for the new denim jeans that Eddy set out as if all is right with the world.
Eddy brings me a cup of coffee and while I sip gingerly at the steaming brew, she carefully worries my pants up my legs and over the bandages. Despite the pain that she knows I am in, she refrains from commenting, knowing me well enough to know that anything they might say isn't going to have any effect on the outcome. Even if I deemed myself unfit for this mission, the lack of personnel still warrants my participation. Anything less will be letting our clients down.
"Could you find me a fresh shirt?" I ask of Eddy while Sam plods by the counter to grab a cup of coffee and then continuing on into the bathroom with it.
While Eddy dresses me, taking the time to button up the shirt after checking it for any concealed stick pins and tags, Kelly crawls out from under the blankets while rubbing her eyes and looking a bit dazed.
Eddy is the first to acknowledge her. "Good morning, sweetheart," she says gaily, smiling at her. "Your father just went into the bathroom, so be patient."
As she rises from the mess of blankets and sheets in nothing more than her panties and bra, I glance at Larry with a knowing smile. He is so taken with the young girl's physique, it takes him a moment to realize that I'm watching him.
When he notices that his behavior is being observed, he quickly looks away feeling embarrassed and yet, not sure why he should be. She is young, but not that young. And she is very mature appearing. But more than anything, she is the daughter of our benefactor and that means she is off limits. Period!
And yet, she is a beautiful creature in her own right and as such, she is deserving of admiration.
The interaction between Larry and me is not lost on Eddy and she quickly nips any comments we might be contemplating in the bud with a dose of ice cold reality. "How did it go last night, Larry?"
In the breadth of a heartbeat, the moment is gone and we are once again the serious professionals that Sam hired. "We got lucky," he starts, his voice all business as he strides over to the wooden chair that he sat on the night before. Taking a sip from his coffee before continuing, he barely acknowledges the now dressed Kelly as she walks between us on her way to the counter.
"Anyone feel like a jelly roll?" she asks, turning back toward us with a cup of coffee in her hand.
"Would you mind calling room service?" Eddy asks of her, slightly annoyed by the distraction. "Get enough for everyone and we'll forego breakfast."
When Eddy turns back to face Larry, he picks up where he left off. "I pinpointed the outside guy's roof perch first before entering the converted warehouse. Because there are a few tenants in the building, I went on the assumption that the second sniper would choose not only a position that gave him an unobstructed vantage point, but also draws the least attention to him when entering or exiting the building."
"And," I impatiently press him to continue when he stops to take a breath and a sip from his cup.
"And," he starts with a smile. "I found a loft with one of those lock boxes on the door that real estate agents use for their listings so other agents have access to show the property. It didn't take but a moment to gain access and it gave me a bright idea. But that is neither here nor there," he quickly adds with a wave of his left hand.
Inwardly, I smile to myself because I know Larry well enough to realize that he has come up with a plan to neutralize both threats simultaneously. And because I know him as well as I do, I know it is best not to push him into revealing his plan. That would be bad juju. When the dust settles, he will tell us all about it, probably embellishing it along the way and that is all right too.
"I've also given my part in this some more thought last night," I lie. In reality, I was too exhausted after hitting the sheets to do much more than fondle my weapon before dozing off to sleep. But I couldn't help notice the effect his words had on Eddy. His confident demeanor is contagious and the others are reassured by it.
"You still intent on taking Kelly with you?" he asks in a serious tone of voice.
"Yeah, I still believe she is safer with us than stashed away here or anywhere else on her own. And besides, I think the action is just what she needs right now. It'll take her mind off what happened," I calmly state, my voice lowered as the young girl speaks on the phone with room service.
"You've always had a better insight with the human psyche than I have, so I'm just going to trust you on this," Larry says resignedly.
"I agree with Mac on this one too," Eddy says, glancing at the young girl.
"What, just this one?" I tease, only to be rewarded with a hard elbow against my upper left arm.
When Kelly gets off the phone, she advises us that room service will be up in a minute. Just then, Sam exits the bathroom and the girl darts in behind him, barely slowing enough to say good morning to him in passing.
Eddy and I glance conspiratorially at each other, acutely aware that she is suffering from morning sickness. Our subtle exchange isn't missed by Larry, but he smartly refrains from questioning us in front of her father.
Before Kelly emerges from the bathroom, room service delivers a large order of pastries and orange juice with wedges of grape fruit on the side. It's an elegant display, something I'm certain Kelly had some input in concocting from her experience at the casino.
While we drink coffee and eat pastries, Larry goes over the display of weapons that he brought up. Sam immediately insists on one of the nine-millimeter automatics, but Eddy reminds him that he can't enter the courthouse with any type of weapon. Upon entering, they will be subject to a metal detector and personal frisking.
"We can't walk unarmed all the way from the parking lot up the front steps to the front doors!" Sam bellows.
"Sam, we did that just yesterday," Eddy calmly reminds him. "Why do you feel we can't do it today?"
Looking around sheepishly at the floor and then across the room, he finally mumbles, "I was naïve yesterday. No one told me about the snipers."
"You don't have to worry about the snipers, Sam; I'll take care of them. You just concern yourself with what you've got to say on the stand. Okay?" Larry calmly tells him.
"Can Eddy carry a gun?" he asks next, looking nervously in her direction.
"If I carry a weapon, Sam, I can't come into the courthouse with you," Eddy calmly explains. "You want me to come into the courthouse with you, don't you?"
"Yes," he says resignedly, trying to buck up his courage.
The minute his daughter comes out of the bathroom, her face flushed from being doused with cold water, Sam's demeanor immediately changes. Just the sight of his daughter is enough to stiffen the starch in his backbone.
Turning toward her, Sam proudly states, "Excellent choice on the pastries, dear."
"Thanks, daddy," she says, glancing furtively at Eddy as she moves to sit on the edge of the extra bed.
Standing, Larry sets his empty mug on the counter before turning back and telling us he needs to get an early start. "I want to be in position before the foot traffic around the courthouse picks up." He takes a couple steps toward the door before stopping and turning back to face us. Clearing his throat, he solemnly says, "I want all of us reunited when this is over. If you want to carry a weapon Sam, just leave it in the rig when you head up the steps. If you get held up at the entrance because they find you packing a gun, everything could go to Hell in a hurry. Are we clear?"
Nodding his head in acknowledgement, he says, "Yes. I understand completely. I hired you guys for that and I should leave it to you guys to take care of."
Eddy winks furtively at Larry, confirming that she won't let him out of the vehicle with a weapon. "See you all later," he states with a smile, turning toward the door.
"Later," I reply, glancing at Eddy, the adrenaline already beginning to flow just from the anticipation. This is what I live for, being on the edge. You never really feel like you're living until you're on the edge, your senses humming with vitality, any moment possibly your last. Hell yeah!
"Is there anymore coffee?"



**60**
With the sun just peeking in through the windows, I determine its time for Kelly and me to get into position. Reaching out to Eddy, I pull her close and kiss her passionately on the lips; a sweet reminder of what she has to look forward to. In response, she slips her tongue past my teeth and then gently bites my bottom lip. Like me, she too wants me to know what I have to look forward to.
Hooking hands with Eddy, she pulls me to my feet and I take a gingerly placed step forward, testing my tolerance to the pain. "How does it feel?" she asks, stepping back and studying me for a moment.
"I've felt worse," I confess. Looking at Kelly, I see a face full of fear and anxiety and for a brief moment, I question my logic in bringing her with. "Did you decide which gun you're going to take?" I lightly ask of her, confident that she isn't going to be involved in any shooting situation.
"I'm not sure I want my daughter carrying a loaded gun, Mac," Sam reiterates for the tenth time since I told Kelly that she can select any weapon from the stash that she feels comfortable with.
"She'll be perfectly safe, Sam. I won't let her anywhere near the action," I repeat for the umpteenth time. To even mention that only in a worst case scenario will she be required to use it would be too much for Sam to hear. So instead, I keep stating that she won't need it and I won't let her anywhere near danger.
"We'll be there at nine-forty-five sharp. In the front lot just as close to the main entrance as we can find a spot," Eddy states, changing the subject.
"We'll be looking for you," I say, wishing it was I going up the steps unarmed and not her. It isn't necessary to bring up the fact that we are the target's armor, ready to stand between him and the enemy's wrath. That's our job.
"You be careful, darling," Sam says, taking his daughter in his arms and squeezing her tightly.
"I'll be fine, daddy. It's you that I'm worried about," she replies, neither wanting to let go of the other.
With Eddy supporting my right side, I hobble to the door, subconsciously feeling the familiarity of the revolver in the pit of my left arm. In my jacket pocket is a handful of magnum rounds. Strapped to my left ankle beneath the denim of my jeans is the thirty-two caliber that Eddy had been carrying. So as not to confuse ammunition in the heat of battle, I've elected not to carry any spare bullets for the little revolver as it's only there if all else goes to shit.
Facing Eddy, I suddenly want to tell her how much I love her and if she wants me to give up drinking, I will do it for her. There is suddenly so much left unsaid between us that needed saying. But none of the words come out. It is almost as if by saying them, I am admitting to the very real possibility that we won't ever see each other again and I'm not willing to live with that; I can't live with that. She knows how much I love her as I know how she feels about me. Words will only cheapen what we share.
"Be safe," she whispers, her face close to mine.
"I've got your back, babe," I whisper back, gladdened by her smile.



**61**
Kelly and I head down to the rental sedan in silence. Only when she is sitting behind the wheel and I have crawled into the passenger's seat with some difficulty and a little pain, do we talk. "So, you decided on the little machine gun," I casually remark, studying the parking garage for anything that doesn't look right.
"Yeah, I saw what it can do," she replies, starting up the rig and pulling it into drive. Tucked into her waist are two spare clips of twenty rounds each, one on either side of her slightly noticeable baby bump.
"When do you intend on telling your father about your condition?"
"When this is all over," she slowly states, her voice firm with conviction. "Until then, he has enough on his mind."
"Yes, he has a lot on his mind right now, not the least of which is worrying about you," I agree, still looking in every direction at the same time as we pull out of the parking structure and into the early morning dawn.
"I can take care of myself," she hisses through gritted teeth.
"No need to tell me. I've seen you in action. Remember?" I smile conspiratorially, trying to pull her back from the darkness that is threatening to overwhelm her. She is harboring a lot of anger that needs to be released, but not at this moment. With proper counseling, I have no doubt that her issues can be resolved. She is a strong and resourceful girl, after all.
It takes us only a matter of minutes to reach the courthouse. But before we select a parking space, I have Kelly circle the building and then again from the next block, all the while making mental notes of the various vehicles parked along the streets and in the lots. Because we are so early, there is little traffic on the streets and even less foot traffic.
"Take us through the parking lot in front of the courthouse and go real slow," I instruct her, studying the few vehicles already parked there as we cruise by on the adjacent street.
"What are you thinking?" she asks, doing as I instructed.
"I'm guessing that they will set up on either end of the parking lot or on the street facing the front entrance," I explain. "Not only do they want to take out the witness?" Suddenly realizing what I've just said, I apologetically add, "I'm sorry, that didn't come out right. I didn't mean to sound callous and uncaring."
Momentarily meeting my gaze, she smiles weakly and then hurriedly looks back to the front, saying, ""It's all right. I've gotten used to the idea that there are bad people out there that want to kill my father and me. The world can be a cruel place. I'm not as naïve as I once was."
"You're a strong kid, Kelly. If you were mine, I'd be so damned proud of you I'd have to just? Anyway, you get the idea," I say, choking back the emotions that are threatening to overwhelm me.
This time when she turns toward me, her smile is strong and true as her words are steady and sincere, "Thank you, Mac. You have no idea how much that means to me right now."
"Well," I start, pausing to clear my throat. "Every bit of it is gospel."
Cruising slowly along the sidewalk running parallel to the front of the courthouse, I crane my head out and down as we pass the most likely of vehicles, looking hard into the back seats and at the front floor for anything suspicious. Although it is very unlikely that someone will be hiding crouched down low in the foot-well cavity, the effort gives me a feeling of satisfaction at knowing we are doing everything possible.
"We're going to draw attention if we just keep driving around here," Kelly advises, turning back out onto the street and heading west, away from the courthouse.
"Where are you going?" I ask of her, concerned that we're leaving our assigned area.
"I just had an idea," she calmly states, speeding up slightly to get around a slower moving delivery van in the right lane. "All the streets but one that circle the courthouse are one-way. The only two-way flow of traffic is the one that takes you to the hotel, which must be a popular staying-over place for out of town attorney's and family members of the trial participants."
"Yeah, where are you going with this?"
"Neither Agent Howard nor the general fall into either of those categories. Moreover, after they do what they've come to the courthouse to do, they want to get as far away as possible as quickly as possible."
"Okay, I follow you so far, you've determined that neither of them are staying in the same hotel as we are," I play along, growing more concerned with each passing second that we are getting farther and farther from the courthouse while Eddy and Sam will be heading there very soon. "What does that have to do with us heading this way? It's not as if we know which hotel they stayed at last night."
"No, but we do know from which direction they'll be arriving." Before I can respond, she finishes with, "The opposite direction from which they'll be making they're get-away."
"Of course," I agree as understanding sinks in. "But while we're heading this way, they could be going to the courthouse on the one-way street a block south of us," I remind her.
Without a word, she suddenly hangs a left and accelerates to the end of the block, then quickly pulls out into the flow of traffic heading east, back toward the courthouse. Halfway down the block, she pulls into a parking spot facing a loading zone. "No one will block us in here," she says, studying the mirror on the passenger's side of the rental car for approaching traffic.
Using the remote for the mirror, she adjusts it until I have a clear view of the vehicles coming toward us from the rear also. Since traffic is light, I am able to look into each vehicle as it goes by. There is just one concern I have and I voice it to her. "What if they've already gone by?"
"They haven't," she confidently replies.
"You sound awfully confident," I remark, studying a passing vehicle.
"Remember what Larry told us about the other day's events at the courthouse?"
"Sure. But I don't understand what that has to do with today," I confess, growing ever more concerned that we might be making a costly error in judgment.
"Larry said that the minute they heard the trial had been postponed, they departed the area. That tells me they're keeping a low profile. At first, I thought Agent Howard might be in the courthouse even, trying to take charge of security or something. But now I've come to believe that he isn't attracting anymore attention to himself than the general. They're trying to pull this off with no official involvement if they can help it."
She pauses as another vehicle goes by. When it turns out to be another false alarm, she quickly continues. "The general is just a snake. If he can do this his way, he'll kill from cover and then slink back into the sewer from which he crawled out of. It doesn't take any brains to figure out what he's going to do." She hesitates a moment before continuing. "I'm banking on his influence over agent Howard at this point. They probably spent last night in the same sleazy little hotel room drinking cheap whisky and getting on each other's nerves while making plans for today."
Interrupting, I compliment her on her conclusion to this point as comprehension dawns. "Since they know our schedule, they won't feel any need to arrive early and have to sit and wait for a long time, possibly drawing unwanted attention to themselves. So long as they pull in right before or during Eddy and Sam's march up the steps, they can witness the kill or finish the job, whichever is required of them and then simply drive away. And the most direct route to the courthouse from the west is along this street."
It isn't necessary for me to inquire why she feels they'll come out of the west, because there isn't anything to the east except for national forests and mountains while the freeway and businesses lie to the west.
Smiling proudly toward her, I'm about to commend her on her fine logical deductions when she suddenly says, "Two vehicles approaching. They appear to be traveling together. This might be them."
Looking in the mirror, I instantly see the two vehicles. Although they are not identical, they both stand out as typical rental sedans, much like the one we are currently sitting in.
"Looks very possible," I concur as she turns the key and brings the engine to life without needing to be told.



**62**
As the vehicles draw near, I slouch low in the seat while keeping an eye in the mirror. Sure enough, Agent Howard is driving the lead vehicle and true to his slithering nature, the general is slinking along behind him.
Without realizing that I'm even doing so, I withdraw the magnum from the concealed holster beneath my left arm and reflexively lock the hammer back. Because it's a double action revolver, there isn't any real need to cock it; squeezing the trigger is sufficient to fire a round. However, when I have to make my first shot count, there is less chance of pulling the weapon due to extra pressure needed on the trigger if the hammer is already cocked back.
No sooner than they've passed us, Kelly steps on the accelerator and pulls in behind them. "We can't just follow them," she states, glancing toward me for instructions.
"Let's start this party before they reach the courthouse."
Stepping down on the gas pedal, Kelly accelerates into the right lane, passing the general and then swerving back into the left lane and putting our front bumper just inches behind Agent Howard's rear bumper. The general recognizes us instantly and accelerates up beside us on the right, a sub-machine gun resting across his left forearm and aimed at my head.
"Brakes!" I shout just a fraction of a moment before the bullets fan across the hood of our car, shattering several plate glass store windows off to our left.
Without having to be told, she just as quickly steps down hard on the accelerator again, only this time just enough to bring the nose of our vehicle even with the general's rear bumper. Before I can ask her intentions, she stomps on the pedal and swerves hard to the right. Our front bumper slams with a loud crash into the general's rear bumper, sending the general's car into a sideways slide while our vehicle continues forward, ramming solidly into the driver's door.
If we had struck him with more momentum, we might have caused him some serious physical harm. But the way we hit him has left him only slightly stunned, staring straight back into our windshield, the sub-machine gun once again aimed directly at us.
This is not what I had planned and I think if Kelly had thought her actions through, would not have done what she did.
In the merest fraction of a second, General Alveraz regains his senses and smiles at the lot that he's been dealt. Although we are no longer the cartel's target, killing me is still high on this shithead's list of things to do. The general has a reputation for exacting revenge no matter how old the score.
With the front of our car pressing into his driver's door, there is less than six feet of space separating us. His face belies the confidence that he feels. It couldn't have worked out better for him if he had orchestrated it himself.
While General Alveraz smiles at his good fortune, I'm realizing that we have run out of options. Even if Kelly were to cram it into reverse and step on the gas, we'll both be dead before we get two feet away.
"Out! Now!" I shout, firing a shot through our windshield to make Alveraz duck and hopefully buy us half a second.
A lesser handgun would have deflected badly going through a laminated windshield at an angle, but the 357 magnum is a powerful weapon and steel jacketed bullets don't deflect easily. Though it doesn't strike Alveraz in the forehead as I had hoped, it definitely wipes the smirk off his face.
Like the trooper she is, Kelly hits the pavement even before me and scurries to the rear of the car, staying below the general's line of sight. To my amazement, she is carrying the little machine gun with her.
Landing on my right shoulder, I take advantage of the momentum and keep rolling. With the magnum held out before me, I am looking up into the open window at the general's face. Because I am low and behind him, it takes him a long second to bring the barrel of the sub-machine gun up and over the lip of the door to bear down on me. But even as he does, I squeeze off three quick shots into the door, subconsciously aware that his body jerks with each deadly bark of my weapon as the bullets penetrate the thin sheet metal and find human flesh on the other side.
No longer smiling, yet still very much alive, the general brings the barrel of the sub-machine gun to bear on me. I am looking into the incredibly small, dark hole capable of yielding so much death and mayhem.
Believing that he has me cold, the general hesitates to savor the moment. He is fully aware that he is dying and it is my bullets that have killed him. Yet, he is still able to gloat in the knowledge that he is taking me with him. If I flinch or attempt to squeeze off another round, he will beat me to the kill and he knows it. The asswipe got the drop on me!
I am suddenly overcome with anger at myself for allowing this situation to occur. Agent Howard is continuing on to the courthouse because I failed. How could I be so stupid?
And poor Eddy. Just when we were going to work it out and make a future for ourselves, I have to get myself killed.
Damn it all to Hell!
In a blaze of anger and frustration, I push myself up off the pavement, instinctively aiming for the general's forehead. Yet, even as my finger compresses the trigger, I'm aware of a shattering burst of machine gun fire as the first bullet clips my ear and a second or third knocks me back to the pavement as if being struck in the chest by a sledge hammer.
Unaware whether I've even fired my weapon or not, I look on as General Alveraz's head is ripped apart by a deadly stream of lead from Kelly's machine gun, his ugly features obliterated before my eyes.
"My God," I whisper, stunned by the fact that I'm still alive.
Struggling slowly to my feet, I fall against the open door of our sedan. Already, I'm feeling much weaker than I had just moments prior. But there isn't time to worry about it. I'm alive and there is still work to be done. Without another thought, I write off my weariness to the sudden exertion and ebbing tide of adrenaline.



**63**
Looking toward Kelly, I see her standing with her feet spread wide, a tendril of smoke wispily rising from the barrel of the machine gun while her eyes are transfixed on the general's mutilated corpse. "Kelly, get in the car!" I cry out with a growing tightness in my chest. The sound of my voice brings her out of her trance.
Slowly at first, and then picking up speed, she steps around her open door and slides back into the driver's seat. The entire episode between ramming the general's car and this moment having lasted less than 60 seconds. Almost long enough for Agent Howard to reach the courthouse.
With the rear tires squealing loudly on the blacktop, she backs away from the general's car and then quickly swerves around it and speeds onward toward the courthouse. Her face is twisted with fear for her father's life. Even though it has been only moments since we last saw Agent Howard, we are much too close to the courthouse to have any chance at cutting him off. Even now, he could be finishing off Sam, possibly killing Eddy in the process and they're both unarmed!
Through clenched teeth, I softly moan, "I let her down. I promised her that I had her back and I let her down!"
"This ain't over yet," the girl beside me replies, her voice cold as ice.
Staring straight ahead through the spidered windshield, she picks up speed, shooting through the last intersection before the courthouse with reckless abandon. In the not too far distance, we are aware of sirens as the courthouse suddenly looms before us. There is a crowd gathering on the sidewalk parallel to the main entrance. At first, all we can see through the throng of legs is someone lying on the sidewalk. The sheriff's deputies are coming out the front doors and running down the steps with their weapons drawn. The black SUV that Eddy and Sam were in is parked near the crowd and appearing abandoned.
"Oh my God, Eddy," I cry out.
Kelly doesn't need to be told to get as close to the center of the chaos as possible before slamming on the brakes and bailing out, the machine gun left lying forgotten on the seat. Without thinking, I take it and flip it over the back so it lands in the foot well and is out of sight. Already, my own weapon is secured back in its holster, though I have no recollection of doing so.
Sensing that the worse has happened, I leadenly get out of the sedan. My leg is barely able to support my weight and my mind is numb with grief. Although I have to get to her, I can't bring myself to hurry. The sooner I see her lifeless body, the sooner I too will die inside.
This never should have happened. How could I be so stupid? I will never be able to forgive myself. Oh Eddy, please forgive me.
Moving forcefully through the gathering throng of people, barely conscious of their shoving and pushing to get a better view, I am almost to the body on the sidewalk when I grow aware of Kelly suddenly turning away from me and breaking free from the crowd. With fierce determination, she pushes her way ungraciously through the late comers that are still arriving. What is it about people that draws them to another human's misfortune like vultures?
Clear of the gawkers and onlookers, Kelly rushes up the steps toward the main doors at a frantic pace. As she reaches the top of the steps, the main doors to the courthouse slowly open.



**64**
Looking back toward the body on the sidewalk, my thoughts churning through all the worst scenarios imaginable, I settle on the one where Eddy must have laid down her life to protect Sam. Kelly's father made it to the courthouse, after all!
When I am almost in a position to see the body, the paramedics arrive on the scene and knock me aside along with all the other gawkers in an attempt to reach the victim; to get to Eddy.
Already off balance, the impact sends me stumbling forward. Instinctively, I reach out to break my fall, glancing upward only at the last moment to see who I am falling against. It's a man wearing a long overcoat, the fashion for lawyers everywhere today. Over his shoulder, I see what appears to be Eddy embracing Kelly on the landing in front of the main courthouse doors.
Stunned by the vision, yet unable to right myself, I grab the man's coat by the lapels and hang on, slowly dragging him down to the pavement with me. His voice rings loudly in my head from its proximity to my ear as he cries out for help.
His cries draw attention to us and one of the paramedics quickly breaks from the other scene and rushes over, his attention going first to the right side of my head and then down to my right leg and the fresh blood soaking through my new denim jeans.
As the man I dragged to the ground extricates himself from my grasp and pushes away with a terrified look on his face, one of the deputy's rushes over with his gun aimed at me as he shouts something unintelligible, but definitely threatening. My vision blurs and I squeeze my eyes shut in a desperate attempt to focus them.
When I finally reopen my eyes, someone is yanking my magnum from its holster beneath my left arm. I try to stop them, but I'm too weak and my arms are too heavy to lift. Someone else then grabs my left arm and injects a needle, though I'm not aware of the prick. Resistance seems futile and my vision keeps fading in and out.
At some point, I am lifted onto a stretcher and when I open my eyes, I believe Eddy is holding my hand and talking to me, begging me to hold on and not leave her. But I know that's impossible, because she's lying dead on the sidewalk. But then who was Kelly embracing?
As the stretcher is rolled up to the back of the ambulance, the jarring of the wheels collapsing to make it ready for transport brings me back to a semi-conscious state. Looking up to my left, I see Kelly standing over me, a panicked look of fear and overwhelming concern on her face mixed with anger as she verbally berates the paramedics, screaming at them to be more careful. It is then that I realize it must have been her that I mistook for Eddy earlier.
Weakly, I smile up at her young face, grateful for her concern, but not really caring about much anymore since Eddy is gone.



**65**
The next few days are hazy at best. For the most part, I remember drifting in and out of consciousness in a sterile white room, sometimes with Larry sitting watch in the chair next to my bed, and sometimes it's a vision of Eddy.
In the most lucid of moments, I remember the vision of Eddy leaning over me, tears clouding her eyes as she says something of apparent urgency. Her beauty and nearness warm my heart and I want badly to reach up and touch her face, to set her mind at peace and let her know that I will be joining her soon.
And yet, though I try my damnedest to cling to her image, it fades away, taking the white room with it. In the ensuing darkness, I cling to her image for strength. Time begins to lose substance. How long have I been here, lingering between life and death? Why can't I just let go and be reunited with Eddy? What's holding me back?
Somewhere in the distance, I hear a voice, and then another. Two people carrying on a conversation. Though I can't make out the words, the tone of their voices belies the seriousness of the situation.
Hold on, their drawing nearer. If I concentrate real hard, I can just make out what their saying. Wait a minute, one of them sounds like Eddy. I must be dying, because she sounds relieved almost. Yes, I would recognize the happiness in her voice anywhere.
So, where am I?  Where will I be when I open my eyes?
If Eddy is here, I must be in Heaven!
Slowly, yet anxious to see her again, I force my eyes open.
It's the white, sterile hospital room and there's a man that I don't recognize standing over me with a stethoscope pressed against my chest. He is talking to someone in hushed tones, but the person in question has stepped aside to give him room and thus he is blocking my view of them. Of one thing I am certain, I'm not dead. I feel more than enough pain to realize that and not just from my right leg. The whole right side of my head and shoulder is throbbing.
Seeing me watching him, the doctor straightens up and a huge smile lights up his face. He appears genuinely happy as he steps aside to let the person behind him move by.
"Eddy!" I rasp through a sandpaper throat, my voice sounding strange to my ears.
"Oh thank God, Mac," she cries, wrapping her arms around my chest and sobbing into my bandages.
For the first time, I realize that my chest is wrapped tightly in white bandages that extend from just above my stomach clear up under my chin. Rolling my head to the side to get a better view of the woman I love, I notice that it too is swaddled in gauze.
With steely determination, I raise my left hand and rest it on her head of curly blonde hair, thrilling inside at the sensation in my fingertips. She's not dead and neither am I! Unless this is God's twisted sense of humor and we're both in heaven, we're very much alive!
"Eddy," I rasp, wanting so much to tell her how much I love her and how sorry I am for not being at the courthouse when she was depending on me. "Eddy."
Raising her head and taking my hand, she kisses me tenderly on the lips, saying, "Don't try talking, Mac. Save your strength for getting better."
"But Eddy," I rasp.
Turning, she quickly asks, "Can I give him some water?"
"Sure, but don't give him too much, just enough to moisten his throat," the kindly doctor replies. "I'll have the nurse bring you some ice for him to suck on. That'll help."
As he leaves, pulling the curtain closed behind him, Eddy puts her face close to mine and smiles. "Angel," I rasp, smiling back.
"And you're still a flirt," she says, breaking down into joy-filled tears.
When she sees the questioning look on my face, she wipes self-consciously at the tears before saying, "I'm just so happy, Mac. I can't help myself, I'm sorry."



**66**
The next two weeks are spent in the hospital recuperating and they seem to drag on for all eternity. But don't get me wrong, I'm not complaining. The staff here is superb. Plus, Eddy never leaves my bedside. At night, the nurses let her lie next to me in the bed, while during the day, she assists with my rehabilitation therapy. It seems like we are growing closer all the time.
They say you never hear the bullet that kills you. I have no idea if that is true or not, but I never heard the bullets that almost killed me. Two of General Alveraz's shots found their mark before Kelly came to my rescue and sped up his demise. The first clipped my ear, digging a shallow trench along the base of my skull. There was a lot of bleeding, but only superficial damage. The second entered just in front of my right shoulder socket, travelling in a downward direction due to my position on the ground in relation to the general. Although this bullet clearly missed my heart, it nicked my right lung and traveled on to become lodged against a rib, while causing my lung to slowly fill with blood.
If it weren't for the quick response of the medics in conjunction with the nearness of the hospital, I may not be here.
Sam testified, but to what end, we have no idea. The court case could drag on for months, possibly even years before any final decision is made. And although there is always the possibility that the cartel will try something against him out of revenge, they can't change the fact that his testimony is public record now for all time to come.
He was also true to his word. According to Eddy, he is taking care of all of my medical expenses on his company insurance plan in addition to including Larry in an equal share of our fee, which he increased accordingly at his daughter's request.
And as for Kelly, although she hung around for a while to make sure I was out of the woods, she is off in France somewhere learning the finer culinary arts. Her exact location is being kept confidential for obvious reasons.
Oh, and lest I forget, that little nick that Eddy received up in the woods when a bullet found its way through the back of her seat, has been properly attended to. She has it on the highest authority that it will heal without leaving a scar, compliments of Sam's outstanding generosity.
So, you're probably wondering what actually happened at the courthouse that morning two weeks ago. Well, Eddy escorted Sam up the steps just as we'd planned. When they were almost to the landing in front of the doors, Agent Howard came flying into the parking lot. Slamming on his brakes and sliding to a stop at the bottom of the steps, he jumped out of the sedan with his service weapon drawn and advanced onto the sidewalk while yelling for Sam and Eddy to freeze.
Like the true professional that she is, however, Eddy kept Sam moving. Yet, even before they could reach the courthouse doors, a shot rang out. Larry neutralized Agent Howard from across the street as he used the warehouse sniper's rifle and position. It was Larry's second time firing the confiscated rifle as he took out the second sniper on the parking structure roof only second's earlier.
According to Larry, he was idling about in the hallway of the converted warehouse pretending to be a tenant on his way out to work while waiting for the sniper to approach his roost. As he passed Larry in the hallway, Larry easily overpowered him and tied him up. Then he replaced his own shirt with that of the sniper's so that the accomplice perched atop the parking structure across the way wouldn't realize the switch.
The rest is history, as they say, or almost. The first law enforcement officers on the scene wanted to arrest me, which I vaguely remember. It took quite a bit of explaining from Sam, Eddy, and Larry before the local law dogs finally backed off. And then, I think they only did so because of pressure from higher up the food chain. It pays to have friends with influence.
It's also a blessing just to have friends!



Epilogue
Larry took off the minute he knew I was out of the woods and going to experience a full recovery. His other case is still ongoing, but nothing that he isn't capable of handling.
When I was finally released from the hospital, Eddy escorted me back to the pub where we spent a night catching up with Sammy and Professor Uti. To say the professor was smitten with Eddy would be a clear definition of understatement. The two of them hit it off famously. While Professor Uti was eager to hear everything about me and my past exploits, Eddy was equally eager to talk about me, usually with a small dose of embellishment thrown in. Of course, the cane and bandages covering me from head to toe added a lot of credence to what she had to say.
After one night at the pub, we packed my things and drove to her cottage further up the coast. Although I felt fine enough to fly my little bird, she insisted that we leave it stored in the grassy clearing cut into the woods behind the pub. As for my bike, that is still sitting under tarps beside a stack of decaying wood back near the pub, also.
This may seem like a lot for a guy to give up for a woman. But trust me, she is well worth it!

THE END (for now)



More Awesome Stories by Will Decker:

DRIVEN
UNREQUITED LOVE
FIRE BABY
HYBRID KILLERS

The 'HEÄLF' Collection:
MORTALITY REVISITED
CLONE WARS
DAY OF NIGHT
REGENERATIONS
HORSPAW

The 'Mac" Collection:
THE WITNESS
TOXIC RAIN
BETRAYAL
RECORD KEEPER
DEATH IN THE DUNES
WIT-SEC FAIL

SIMPLY PERFECT BINDING 2ND Ed.

If you enjoyed this book, please take a moment to leave a review.
Authors starve or eat based on reviews. Thanking you from the pit of my stomach,
 WILL

