Billie The Kid
By Henriette Peitorchid

Distributed by Smashwords
Copyright 2016 Henriette Peitorchid


Dedicated to: 
My children, you are my world. Every day is a new beginning and every day you make it amazing. I love you to the moon and back

Chapter 1
Rising from the surf, I choked on salt water. I wiped out for the third time and was exhausted. Today everything at the office seemed to be getting to me. More accurately the staff, they wanted to choose their own hours or be allowed to work from home. They just spent the day whining and it grated my nerves. A board floated up to me and on it sat the local beach dip shit who couldn’t take no for an answer.
“Fuck off Hamilton.”
“Relax just checking you were okay.”
“Great.” I lifted myself back onto my board and paddled back to shore. I bee-lined for the shower and rinsed myself off tugging at my wetsuit. I didn’t usually surf in the afternoons but today I just needed it. Throwing my stuff in my jeep I headed home intent on a beer, some dinner a proper shower and maybe even a movie. Pulling up at my place I switched the car off and climbed out. There was no point pulling out my board, it was only going to hit the water again in the morning. The sun was starting to set and a cool breeze kicked. In. Realising I hadn’t rinsed as much sand off as I thought I scooped up my front garden hose and turned on the water.
“Fuck me... That is one hot piece of ass. You hit that yet?” I never looked next door, I ignored all my neighbours actually, I had no need for nosy people inserting themselves in my life. If I had known nearly two years ago this place had a biker living next door there is no way I would have moved in. I should have realised something was off because the rent was really good. It probably didn’t help matters that the neighbour seemed to spend a lot of time on his front porch staring over into my yard. Helped even less I probably wore a bikini. Today’s was yellow.
“Eyes in your fucking head! She’s off limits to you.” That was the neighbour’s voice I recognised now. They called him Dancer. I’d ask why but I didn’t really give a shit. Rinsing off the sand I grabbed my towel from my car and dried off.
“What’s your name sweet-“ Ah the loudmouth again.
“Call me a sweet butt and I’ll have your balls.” I snapped flicking a glance over the small dividing picket fence. It barely came to my knee. Loudmouth stood there leaning on his bike grinning like a lunatic. He wore faded black jeans, black shirt and his cut. His hair was military short and was a deep brown. He wasn’t bad looking if you liked rough biker types.
“Any time baby- Ah fuck!” Dancer jogged down the steps and thumped his brother across the mouth. I raised an eyebrow and without another word I walked into my house. I just closed the door when I heard him speak, his voice was low and husky like too much drinking smoking and hard times. It was sexy as hell and a shiver stole through my body.
“Sorry about… him.” He must not have realised I had walked away because he paused on the last word. He also sounded really disappointed.
“Brother you need to give that shit up. It’s been nearly two years and she won’t give you the time of day. Move on bro, no pussy is that good. I can call some girls?”
I didn’t hear his reply, I stomped off to my bedroom and en suite bathroom before I heard it. For some reason the thought of other girls coming over irritated me. I’d chased enough away, not that he knew that of course. It was my little secret, every time I heard giggling I made the girls disappear quick, I’d threaten to shoot their car up or them personally if they kept up with the noise. Of course I only did that when I knew Dancer wasn’t home. Then he was he was pretty good at telling them to fuck off himself.
Turning the water on I heard the loud rumble of bikes, three was my guess, which left Dancer home. Damn I really had wanted a quiet night. Sighing I washed my hair and body, climbed out and threw on some panties and a tank top. I had heating inside and it was a cosy temperature. Grabbing a beer I twisted the top, throwing the lid in the trash and perused my fridge for something to eat. I needed to go shopping. Well pizza it was. Picking up the phone I rang for a pepperoni pizza. 
An hour later I heard the car pull up and quickly pulled on a pair of short shorts. By the time I walked to the door the pizza guy was getting back into his car and driving away. Narrowing my eyes I realised he’d delivered to Dancer. Calling the pizza shop they confirmed my delivery had already been delivered. Thanking them and tossing the phone on the couch, grabbing my beer, I stormed out the front, stepped over the small fence and up the three steps onto Dancer’s porch. Knocking loudly I waited impatiently, Dancer came to the door wearing no shirt and a pair of jeans that really should have a health warning. His abs were well defined and he had a trail of hair that most women would want to follow with their tongue. I was disgusted with myself that I too was included in that portion of women.
“Hey Em-“
Scowling I saw my pizza behind him on a coffee table littered with beer bottles and pushed past him to grab it. I bent down to pick it up and heard his quick intake of breath. Straightening I rummaged through my pocket and pulled out the twenty I had in there, walking past him but making no direct eye contact, I shoved the twenty in his hand and walked back out the front door, pizza in hand and sipping my beer.
Forcing myself not to look back I stomped back over the small fence and up my own steps, slamming my front door for effect. Slumping on the couch I flicked on my television and sipped my beer. Opening the pizza box I found Dancer had already helped himself to half my pizza. Damn he must have moved fast. Oh well, it’s not like I’d eat the whole thing anyway. Flicking through the channels I settled on a horror movie I’d seen before but knew was pretty good.
A knock on my door had me groaning but putting down my beer and standing. I’d assumed it was going to be Dancer but it wasn’t it was Brian, my best friend Courtney’s boss.
“Hey!” I offered surprised to see him here. 
“Hi there beautiful.” I heard Dancer’s door open and close, I wasn’t sure at first if he was going in or coming out, but when I heard his chair scrape on the porch decking it was clear he was coming out. I couldn’t see him from my front door or porch there was a wall dividing the two houses. 
“What’s up?”
“I need a favour?” I didn’t hand out my phone number to just anyone and I didn’t own a cell phone so when Brian was stuck he generally just showed up.
“I was hoping for a quiet night in.”
“How about a quiet night out?” He asked hopefully. My shoulders sagged. He owned a burlesque lounge and I did enjoy myself every time I worked there.
“Friday’s are hardly quiet.”
“Yeah, I’m surprised your… neighbour is home.” Shrugging I put a hand up.
“Give me ten minutes to get my stuff. I’m not far behind you, you head on and I’ll be there soon.” A look of relief crossed his face.
“I can wait for you.” Brian had tried many times to get me on a date, so far unsuccessfully. A loud cough came from next door making me frown.
“No I prefer to drive. Bye!” I said closing the door and rushing around to get my things. Throwing makeup and bits and pieces in an oversized bag, I slipped on a pair of killer heels and headed out the door. I didn’t bother changing as the club supplied all the costumes. Rummaging through my bag for my keys a lipstick fell out next to my car. Bending down to grab it, a choking sound followed by a spasm of coughing came from next door. I smiled slightly, it was unintentional, however I felt payback was served for stealing my pizza. Retrieving it, I heard him trying to call my name.
“Em-“ coughing again it cut him off so I used the chance to get in my car and drive off. I was probably less than ten minutes behind Brian and by the time I got to the club, I knew I’d have to haul ass to get ready in time. Courtney squealed and hugged me when she saw me, pushing me into her chair to start my hair as I applied the war paint. 
“Who am I playing today?”
“Leisha.” I thought back and remembered she only did back up dance and vocals sometimes. Easy.  “But you can do one of mine if you want to trade?” I shook my head.
“Nah I’m exhausted babe.” She nodded continuing to curl my hair. I finished as she did and added the small fedora to my hair. Throwing a costume at me she raced to get her spot out on stage. I was in the next number, so I stripped, not feeling embarrassed at all and dressed quickly. My outfit for the number was a tight black push-up bra covered in sequins. The bottoms were boy shorts with a mixture of sequins in the right areas and beige fabric, giving the effect I was showing more flesh than I actually was. Leisha was a size smaller than me in bust so I had to squeeze my poor boobs in. 
Pulling on a pair of black thigh high boots I ran to take my spot. Tressa who was doing the main vocals looked at me longingly.
“Christ, what now?”
“I have a croaky throat.” She whispered, running we swapped places. If she had told Brian he would have gotten us to lip sync, but Tressa had a thing about keeping shit to herself until the last moment. Taking Tressa’s spot meant I was out first. When I was under the spotlights I could barely see or recognise anyone in the audience which I always found comforting. Strutting out on stage I was followed by the others, I grabbed the old fashioned microphone and danced the steps Courtney begged me to memorise. I knew the song it had been my mother’s favourite when I was a small girl. Pulling the mic out of the stand I had to turn and bend, giving the patrons a clear view of my ass. I always hated this bit on the off chance someone saw my scar.
Catcalls and whistles echoed as I continued in the song. I moved about the stage confidently shimmying, shaking and twisting. When the song was nearly finished I swear I caught a glare from the bar, he looked familiar but the lighting was poor so I wasn’t sure. I finished and the curtain dropped. Rushing off I started stripping and tugged off my boots. Well Leisha’s boots. I was just pulling on a white corset top that had gold sequins over the breasts and lining with a gold ruffled bottom.  Teaming it with gold glittery stilettos I turned to see Brian staring at me interest evident. In his hand he held a mojito.  Gliding up to him I winked and grabbed the mojto kissing his cheek.  I tilted the glass and drained it.
The next number I was staying in the back line. I had a few minutes so I changed my lipstick and pushed my hair over to tone side and pinned it. This time I was starting on the bar. Maybe I could see the guy who glared at me.  
“Looking hot sweet cheeks.” Courtney called slapping me on the ass as we went opposite directions to do the same number. Stepping on the stool to stand up I eyed around but didn’t see anyone familiar, which wasn’t odd. There were certain spots in the place that were dark. Stepping up I walked a fine line dodging glasses, bottles and more glasses. At the opposite end of the bar, a hand shot between my legs making me startle and twist to glare at the offender, my shoe caught on the lip of the bar, I fell from the bar and expected a hard hit. Strong arms caught me.
Breathing a sigh, I jumped up gratefully kissing the cheek of the person who caught me, I jumped back up quickly and moved to finish the number. When it finished and I got out the back to the dressing room I ripped off the offending shoes and threw them across the room. Tressa squealed and jumped.
“Sorry!” She waved me away not caring about my little tantrum, limping lightly I gathered the shoes and put them gently down in their place with Leisha’s things. Sagging on a chair I grabbed a pair of fishnet stockings.
“Hey! I saw you take a tumble. You okay?” Courtney rushed over.
“I twisted my ankle.”
“Really? You couldn’t even tell.” She was astonished picking up my ankle and running gentle fingers over it. “It’s swollen. I’ll talk to Brian and you go home.” I waved her off.
“I’ll be okay the next number, I’m just singing and a little dancing I can handle that.” I stood up and limped to the rack of clothes. The dress this time was strapless and tasselled in a red. Red was generally my colour, but hey this wasn’t usually my act either, I was the technology freak. I did this for Courtney. I pulled on the dress, fishnets and black heels and limped to the stage, swallowing I timed it so I could strut, it was going to hurt like a bitch.
Counting myself in I walked out on stage as if there wasn’t a screaming pain in my ankle. Grinning and winking at the audience I didn’t falter. The second the song was over and the curtain came down I ripped the shoe off that felt like my circulation was going with it. I stripped and put my own clothes on. Brian came back in holding another mojito. I shook it away.
“I need to go home and ice this.”
“I’ll drive you.”
“No thanks I’ll be fine.” I scooped up my bag and picked up my own heels, and wincing when I stepped forward.
“You can’t drive like that.”
“Sure I can.”
“Then at least call your biker and get him to get you.” He offered grumpily, I frowned at him.
“He’s not my anything. I’m going to need a few days. See you later.” I left kissing Courtney on the cheek who was glaring at Brian on my behalf. I hobbled out to my car in the back parking lot which was too poorly lit. Hearing someone move behind me I put my hand in my bag and grasped the glock I always carried. The steps stopped and I continued as if I hadn’t heard a thing. When I got to my car I unlocked the door and climbed in. Looking back now I couldn’t see anyone so I started my jeep and drove home. 
Dancer wasn’t home and I sincerely hoped that meant I wasn’t going to be bombarded by drunk girls waiting around for Dancer soon. Opening the door I swung my legs out and looked at my ankles next to each other checking the swelling. I was mentally prepping myself to get out and make it up the stairs when I heard the rumble of a few bikes. I groaned and climbed out wearily. Locking my car I made it about three steps when a voice called out.
“Hey you okay?” It was the guy from earlier. Mr Military. I waved a hand to indicate I was fine and concentrated on getting to my door. “You don’t look fine. Need a hand?” I shook my head and continued to limp forward. I caught a movement in my peripheral and turned to talk when I was scooped up in a very strong pair of arms.
“I’m fine!” I snapped, instantly thinking it was Mr Military, but instead turned out to be Dancer. He didn’t look at me, his jaw was clenched tightly. He moved quickly and yanked my keys free from my hand still managing to balance me in his arms and open my door. He looked angry but it couldn’t be at me, I hadn’t seen him since I left so he was angry at someone and I was the lucky recipient who copped flack. Lifting a hand to his face, he flinched. Wiping a finger along his cheek I showed him what I was doing.
“Not sure it’s quite your colour.” I smirked, he just gritted his teeth harder. The lipstick was a bright red, like the shade I wore on stage. Dancer pushed inside and placed me gently on the couch. He stalked into my kitchen and rummaged in my freezer pulling out a bag of peas and grabbed a cloth from the counter, he wrapped it stomped back to me and placed it gently on my ankle. He didn’t speak a word, he just turned on his heel and left. The door slammed and locked behind him before I could even utter a thankyou. 
I stayed on the couch until the peas were melting and I was about to fall asleep. Music blared next door which never bothered me, it was almost soothing. I put the peas back in the freezer and limped to my room, my ankle already felt better, but I popped a few ibuprofen to help take down the swelling. Slipping into bed I wondered how you thanked someone you never really spoke to. I did after all have manners.

Chapter 2
I rose with the sun as always and limped outside to collect my paper. Everything was quiet at this time of day and I loved it. Breathing in deeply I dropped the paper on my outside table and went inside to make coffee. I was still in just my tank top and panties but no one was ever up this early around here so I was pretty sure I’d be safe with that. Coffee done I sat outside and sipped it going over the paper. I never usually read it but I figured surfing was out for today at least. 
My stomach began to rumble so I went inside, I had enough stuff to bake muffins, then I got an idea. Okay so it was totally appropriate to bake for someone as a thankyou. I know that didn’t necessarily apply to bikers, but hey? He didn’t know I knew better. So making a few flavoured varieties- blueberry, chocolate chip and banana with coconut. I put them in the oven and made a new cup of java. Putting it outside for a second I quickly threw my dishes in the dishwasher and prepared to take out the first batch. 
I found a basket and placed a cloth inside and added the muffins, keeping a few for myself. The next batch was in so I took my muffin outside to have with my coffee. Except my coffee wasn’t where I left it. Frowning I groaned, man if I kept losing my coffee cups, I’d have to buy more… again. It was my worst habit and one Anthony, my darling personal assistant constantly chastised me for.
Shrugging I went to collect another mug and nibbled at my muffin. The next batch would be ready in a few more minutes. Leaning on my counter I finished my breakfast and added those dishes to the dishwasher too, setting it and let it run.  When the muffins bell chimed I pulled them out and popped them straight into the basket. Who didn’t love warm muffins? Limping outside I managed to get over to Dancer’s and knock lightly on the door. I already wrote ‘thankyou for your help last night’ on a piece of paper, putting it in with the muffins. Not wanting to wake him I left the basket on the doorstep and turned to go home. My thankyou was done, things could get back to normal. The door swung open, his morning grunt almost making me smile.
“Where the fuck are your pants?” He snapped, pausing I realised I’d completely forgotten, turning to him I shrugged. He wore no shirt again and I felt my mouth dry, swallowing I found my voice. His face was a dark cloud of anger and I wondered who had pissed him off so royally. I walked around in bikini’s for christ’s sake, so I’m assuming it was a club thing. He’d left his hair out this morning and I think I preferred it that way. He was smoking hot.
“Oh come on you’re a biker, I’m sure you’ve seen women in a lot less. Essentials are covered. Enjoy your breakfast.” I nodded toward the basket at his feet and limped home. By the time I’d managed his driveway, the short path and my driveway, my ankle was throbbing again. Grimacing I hopped up the stairs and inside, flopping on the couch. Groaning I went and showered quickly, swallowed some more ibuprofen, wrapped my ankle in a pressure bandage and sank back on the couch, keeping my foot elevated on the end. 
I must have dozed off, because the banging at my door startled me. Climbing up I answered the door. I had on a now rumpled sky blue sun dress that stopped mid thigh. Mr Military again.
“What?” I mumbled leaning against the door trying to wake up.
“Hi!” He was very cheery; his left eye was black today so that have been where Dancer hit him yesterday. I looked bored already and his grin widened. “Just wondered if you are free tonight?” Raising an eyebrow at him I must have had the ‘you’re fucking with me right’ facial expression on because he continued without missing a beat. “The club’s having a party and you would be a most welcome addition.”
“Biker’s aren’t high on my bucket list. Sorry.” My voice dripped with sarcasm, he wasn’t deterred.
“What is then?” Smiling sweetly at him, it was easy to see his grin falter slightly. He got I was up to something.
“This…” I slammed the door in place and locked it. He laughed on the other side.
“I like you Emily. I’ll see you tonight.” I rolled my eyes.
“Not likely.” I mumbled under my breath. Now I was awake I remembered I had to do laundry today, so throwing a load in I headed back to my couch with a bottle of water and the ibuprofen bottle. I heard yelling out the front and ignored it, instead I switched on my television and watched a movie matinee. Realising I’d need to eat before taking more pills, I made a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. I dozed on and off most of the afternoon. Not being able to take sitting in the house any longer I collected my keys and wallet and headed for my car. I could at least go and do some work. I forced myself not to look over at Dancer’s as I walked outside or while in my car.
At work I armed my alarm and got down to business. Saturday’s no one was in except me so I usually used it as a time to play catch-up. Keeping the ibuprofen up at the recommended times, I iced my ankle sporadically, knowing the swelling would go down and I’d be right as rain in no time. I worked through until nearly ten pm, before I shut everything down and closed up. Back at my car I decided I desperately needed groceries so I would stop at a twenty four hour place on my way home. I could rest most of my weight on the trolley as I pushed it around the market place. 
With a full cart I paid and loaded my car full of my purchases. Driving home tired, I wished I had of gotten a cup of coffee before I left. Pulling up at home it was almost midnight and there were at least eight bikes parked in both driveways which pissed me off. Shutting off my engine I limped slowly to the back of the car and opened it pulling grocery bags toward me. I felt something move behind me and when a voice whispered.
“Need some help?” In my ear, my reflexes kicked in. Throwing an elbow into his throat, I kicked out his knee with my bad foot, grabbed his arm as he hit the grass and pinned him down while he was wheezing and groaning in pain, an arm pulled tight behind his back. I realised who it was after a second.
“Shit I’m sorry!” I said letting his arm go. He just flopped to the ground trying to catch his breath. 
“Emily! Are you okay?” Dancer called and ran over to see his brother on the ground.
“He surprised me?” I offered grimacing. Mr Military was trying to stand up on his good leg, so Dancer yanked him up with an arm.
“What the fuck were you doing Bank?” he growled.
“Offering to help take her shopping in. Fuck Em you hit like a man.” Mr Military aka Bank rasped. I shrugged helplessly. I had to play damsel in distress or blow my cover which I had no intention of doing. I leaned in to grab some bags as Bank slumped against my car, I tried not to grin.
“Sorry. Hey I thought you said the club was having a party?” I whispered then smiled at Bank, he shrugged back.
“Yeah, we had to bring some of the party to Dancer cos he’s wh-“ Dancer shoved Bank toward his house, Bank laughed and limped away, he nearly fell but a brother helped him over to a chair and gave him a beer. He saluted me with the beer making me grin.
“Leave it Emily. I’ll bring it in.” I frowned at Dancer, who looked furious again. Wow, big surprise there.
“No need, I got it. Go back to your party.” Scooping a few bags and testing my balance I limped again up my driveway biting back a moan of pain as I put weight on my ankle when climbing the stairs. Putting the bags down to open my door, I pushed it wide and left it open. I walked the bags in and put them on the counter. I turned to go get more when three of the guys from next door came in with the last of it.
“Ahhh…. Thanks?” I mumbled confused as to why they would be helping or even paying attention to me all of a sudden. The boys left and Dancer strode in grabbing my keys and walking out. He returned after a moment so I assumed he locked my car. He dropped the keys on my counter and half smiled and grimaced before leaving without a word. The man was strange. Packing away my groceries, I was too tired to do much else so I went and collapsed on my bed and fell asleep.
The next morning I woke early as usual and laid in bed, I was almost scared to go out the front for my usual Sunday breakfast and coffee on the off chance everything was trashed. Sighing I got up anyway, no use delaying the inevitable. Throwing on a short satin robe over my tank and panties I got up and washed my face in the bathroom. Testing my weight on my ankle I was surprised how much better it was feeling. It was still pretty tender so I limped out the front to go get my newspaper. I jumped about a mile in the air when I stepped out to see Dancer asleep on my porch in my chair with his feet up on the other. It was quite cold and despite my better judgement I went inside and got a blanket. The storm had finally hit and it was raining quite heavily, I debated waking him and inviting him in, but I decided against it.
Forgetting the soggy paper I gently laid the blanket over him and went inside, quietly closing the door. He didn’t stir at all so I decided I was safe from being found out. Making coffee, I groaned at how much I needed the caffeine hit this morning. Digging through my fridge I pulled out bacon and eggs and started making some breakfast. I had just plated up, grabbed my cutlery and coffee and went to sit on my couch while eating my breakfast when a knock on the door had me pausing with my fork in the air. Placing my cup on the high table I kept near the front door for my keys and bits and pieces I opened the door to see Dancer rubbing his eyes. 
Reaching in he snagged my plate and coffee from the bench, kissed my cheek and walked back to his place. I was too shocked to move for a moment and stood there staring after him. Not wanting to even get stuck in a conversation with the moody biker I just slammed my door and went to remake my breakfast. He better bring my mug and plate back. Clean too! 
Finishing my breakfast I cleaned my small house and sat out on my porch, under the blanket I had left for Dancer watching the rain. When a few bikes pulled up at Dancer’s next door I stood up and walked inside before conversation was made. Going into my bedroom to change I figured I might as well go tackle some more work, it was piling up these days. Pulling on a pair of deep blue skinny jeans, chunky white belt and a cropped thick white t-shirt that read “dream on”, I tugged on some low heeled boots and tested my ankle. It felt pretty good, the boots actually provided some support.
Brushing my hair and scooping up my keys and wallet I headed out the front. Locking up I walked to my car and climbed in. A wolf whistle from Dancer’s made me turn and grin at Bank.
“Where to hot stuff?” Winking I waved at him good naturedly.
“Hot date.” I called back laughing and climbed in my car. Dancer came to the front door and scowled at me as I jumped in my car and drove off. Heading to the office I let myself in and powered through my work. I’d really need to start working weekends if business kept up. Rubbing my hands together I powered up my laptop and got stuck into work. It was almost lunch time, but after bacon and eggs I was pretty full. 
I printed out various reports for clients and piled them for Anthony to put together tomorrow. I checked my emails and filtered through the spam, not that I ever got much but every now and then I’d find something sneak through. I worked through the afternoon and decided by seven to head home with my work. Rubbing my eyes, taking my laptop with me, I locked up and left for home. Looked like Dancer was having another party in the rain this time.
“Hey Emily! Want a beer?” I shook my head and headed into my house. I whipped up some ravioli pasta with pesto sauce and checked in with Courtney via Skype. She had the night off and decided she was coming over. It took a fair amount of convincing not to because I didn’t want to socialise with the folks next door. She understood but you could hear her pout over the line. I promised a margarita night the next weekend. Hanging up I peaked out my window to see some of the club bimbos turn up.
One particular redhead walked straight up to Dancer and wrapped her arms around him. I watched him stiffen and pull her off him, handing her off to the next guy. He quickly glanced toward my house, but I knew he couldn’t see me from where I was hiding. The redhead was persistently trying to grope and entice Dancer who consistently kept glancing toward my house. Eventually he seemed pissed off enough he shoved her to the side and said something that made her stomp to the far side of the yard and sulk.
Bank was standing with Dancer and the two were in a heated argument. Bank pointed toward my house, but Dancer shook his head. Bank shrugged, jumped the small fence and started walking toward my house. Dancer grabbed him around the neck from behind and dragged him back. Bank laughed and took off his cut and shirt throwing it to another brother. His upper half of his body was covered in various ink, but from my position and the light, I couldn’t make anything out. Dancer tilted his head to the side and shook his head. When Bank landed the first punch across his cheek, that barely made Dancer move a muscle, he took his cut and shirt off too, laying them carefully over our small fence. Well now this was a show. It was also excellent homework. Dancer said something that everyone seemed to listen to and pointed to my house. He was speaking too low which annoyed me as I couldn’t hear a damn thing. 
Bank laughed at him and shook his head. Pointing at my place again Bank said something that made Dancer move lightening quick. Bank was laid flat on his back in the soaking wet grass, laughing. The other brother moved along the fence, cutting my view of the fight. Remembering I left my laptop outside I could use the diversion to run out and grab it from my car. Slipping off my boots and socks to enable to move quieter I slipped outside and opened my car door. No one even glanced my way.
Grabbing my laptop and trying to shield it from the rain, I dashed back upstairs and glanced over to the fight. No one looked at me but Dancer who offered a tight smile. Shaking my head sadly I walked back inside and locked my doors. I sat on my computer until wee hours of the morning completing work. About three am the music turned off and the roar of bikes and cars filled the night. I took that as my cue to go to bed also. Stripping down I climbed in my bed, hugging my pillow to me. My eyes were about to shut when I heard Dancer move about in his room, on the opposite side of my wall.
I listened wondering if I was going to be up the last remaining hours to hear him with some girl, but so far I was lucky. I was about to drop off when I heard him groan loudly and call out the name Eme. I didn’t know who she was and didn’t really want to know. Realising he did have a girl there I put my spare pillow over my ears and concentrated on sleeping. It didn’t work. At five I rose wearily upset with myself that hearing my neighbour screw another girl irritated me to the point I lost sleep. Stupid bikers with their stupid whores.
I made coffee and showered. Today I braided my hair and put on a fuchsia pink bikini, that had gold hoops at the side of the bottoms and between my breasts, it was my favourite pair. I had at least ten sets of bikinis because I surfed so often. I doubted anyone was hanging about so I grabbed a towel and headed out. My ankle felt find today, but I knew it would be weak so I wouldn’t have too long to spend in the water. I was on the water before six and stayed until eight. The waves were erratic after the storm which was frustrating. Paddling in I saw Hamilton waiting on me, so I headed straight to my car to drive home. 
At home I jumped out and peeled off my wetsuit, irritated I wore it all the way home just to avoid a guy. I rinsed it out and hung it over the small fence and washed off my board. Next I hosed myself off. I heard Dancer come outside, which surprised me because he went to bed so late. He never said anything to me now which I was grateful for but I could feel him watching me as he always did. It was unnerving. I couldn’t meet his eyes after hearing him last night so I rinsed off the worst of the sand and headed inside. 
Today I had a lunch with new clients so I dressed nicely in a dark blue sleeveless wrap dress and nude coloured pumps. I left my hair to dry in loose curls and applied makeup in natural shades. I teamed it with a few silver chains and chunky silver bangles. Grabbing my laptop and keys I walked out the front, determined to get away from my house for the day. I heard Dancer moving about and still made a point not to look his way.
“Emily? I’m sorry about the noise.” He voice was gruff and I swallowed, a light blush stole my cheeks and I wondered exactly what noise he was referring to, so I opted to say nothing. I just wanted to get to work. So began the cycle for the rest of the week- he would try to start a conversation and I would ignore him, intent to get back to normal. By Friday I had barely slept at all, hearing Dancer next door with whomever he was with.  He threw no parties during the week and today was the day Courtney was coming over for the promised margaritas. I groaned in exhaustion but would fulfil my expected obligation.
I got home by five with a bag full of the needed ingredients. Bank and Dancer were sitting on his porch talking quietly when I pulled out my supplies.
“Hey gorgeous, need a hand?” Bank called, I smiled despite my best effort not to. He made a point of looking me up and down in my loose flowing skirt, strapless top and chunky belt.
“I’m not sure your knee is up to the challenge.” I called back heading to my house.
“Bank…” I heard Dancer growl, but he laughed good naturedly.
“What? She’s funny.”
“Hey I thought I’d let you know I’m having a few friends over tonight. It might get loud because it’s margarita’s. So I figured you might stay at the clubhouse so you can get some sleep?” Christ I even sounded hopeful. Dancer shook his head but Bank piped up.
“We invited?”
“Nope.” His face fell into a puppy dog expression. Dancer kicked him under the table.
“It’s all good we gotta head out anyway, won’t be back til tomorrow.” I nodded and smiled, quickly making my departure.  Courtney would be here soon knowing I was making margaritas so I thought I better cook some food to go with it. A knock came at the door when I started on a cheese board and I called out.
“It’s open.” Bank walked in, making me raise an eyebrow. “What’s up?”
“I wanted to apologise for Dancer.”
“Don’t bother. It’s fine he’s probably one for the best neighbours I’ve had. Plus it’s unlikely I’ll get broken into living next to him. For me it’s win win.” I smiled placing cheese on the platter. He walked forward and snagged a piece.
“Still, he doesn’t need to be a dick.” I shook my head.
“Listen I’m not exactly a social person. I ignore him, not so much the other way around, I don’t socialise outside my circle of friends. I don’t want to get mixed up in an MC. So you should probably head out on your run now. Stop eating my cheese!” I laughed and smacked his hand away as he scooped a small handful up with some crackers.
“We aren’t a bad bunch.” He could defend them all he wanted but they all did illegal shit I wanted no part of. I did enough of my own.
“Yes I’m sure everything you do is strictly above board.” Raising an unbelieving eyebrow at him, he shrugged. Walking around my counter he opened the fridge and helped himself to a beer. “By all means help yourself.”
“Thanks.” He took a long swallow and looked at me. “So I’m sure you’ve noticed how protective of you he is. There is a reason for that, so I was thinking about tonight-“
“Bank? You don’t need to think about my night. Neither does Dancer. I’m having a few friends over and hopefully getting drunk enough to pass out.”
“Yeah you look tired.”
“That’s putting it mildly. So turn around and go back next door because my friends should be arriving soon.”
“I got someone looking on your place tonight. If you have any trouble with Dancer gone-“
“Please!” I laughed. “I can take care of myself… and my guests. What the hell do you think is going to happen between friends?” He looked at me pointedly then up and down again, checking me out.
“Sweetheart, are there going to be guys at this party?”
“Most likely?”
“Single?”
“Probably.”
“Mmm hmm. Okay and looking like you do you can say with complete confidence that not one of these guys will want to… hook up with you?”
“Put very diplomatically, thankyou for sparing my ears of your usual colourful language. No I can’t guarantee that.”
“That’s my point.”
“Okay I’ll make you a deal. Give me ten minutes, stop eating my damned cheese and I’ll meet you out front.”  Bank drained his beer and grabbed another shot me a wink and headed out the front, snagging more cheese and crackers. I went in to my room and pulled on a classic little black dress and walked out the front. Stepping carefully over the small fence I was glad Dancer wasn’t here to watch this. Waving my hands at him I motioned for him to come forward.
“Attack me. Don’t hold back either because you think I’m a weak girl.” I said pointedly. Bank shook his head.
“He’d fuckin kill me.”
“He’s not watching.” I pointed out sweetly. Grinning Bank moved forward quickly to grab me, I moved left and kneed him in the stomach. “Come on I expect more from a biker.” I laughed. This time I let him come at me from behind wrapping his arms around me, holding my arms down. I head-butted him backwards and kicked at his knee, which was probably still sore. His grip stayed tight so I went floppy, and magically his grip loosened.
“That’s my point sweet bu-“ I spun in his arms and kneed him in the balls. He fell to the ground groaning in pain. I bent down, careful not to flash him.
“I did warn you. Don’t call me that name. I don’t want a babysitter for my party so call off your dog.” Smiling I patted his cheek and stood, walking home. This time I left the door open for guests to arrive at their leisure. I was changing though. I put on a white halter-neck dress that hugged my body tightly and covered my backside and then some. The neckline plunged well below my breasts and had silver studs outlining the dress. Adding silver strappy heels and adding charcoal eyeliner and mascara, I highlighted my eyes with a little silver eye-shadow and a slightly deeper red than more natural colour for lips.
“Emily!” Courtney called from out the front I walked out as Dancer and Bank were climbing on their bikes, Bank punched Dancer pointing to me and his face clouded over in anger again. I didn’t look at them directly but could see them to the left of Courtney. “Give me a hand, I brought reinforcements. Clapping I stepped down the stairs as she whistled. “You look hot girlfriend.” I spun and bowed toward her, ignoring my neighbour.  He pulled out a phone as I hurried to Courtney’s taxi helping her with a box of food.
“Who’s the hottie?”
“My neighbour.”
“Which one?”
“The one no doubt giving me the stink eye.” I laughed and handed her the box as I bent in and grabbed some bags full of alcohol.
“That would be both of them now.”
“Oh the one with long hair?” I said straightening. The taxi driver whistled softly and I offered him a wink and a smile. “Damn girl what did you bring?”
“Just some nibbles and some booze. My usual. Honey they sure look mad.” Courtney kept glancing over my shoulder whereas I just ignored them.
“Ignore them. So who did you invite?”
“The usual. They are coming our way.” Courtney never got nervous, but this time I heard the slight tremor in her voice.
“Head high, walk inside and shut the door. It’s my usual MO. You get the music!” I said walking up the stairs, kicking the door shut. With Courtney’s help we moved my living room around to accommodate some dancing and put away everything breakable. We usually partied at her house, but she was desperate to check out the neighbour I complained about. We had margarita’s ready for guests on arrival, music pumping and food set out for a help yourself.  I walked out front to greet some friends and welcome them when I spotted a bike next door. It wasn’t Dancer’s and I hoped for his sake it wasn’t my babysitter. Anthony walked up with the man of the month on his arm and I kissed both their cheeks. By nine my house was full of people well on their way to being drunk. 
I drank socially but rarely got drunk. I stepped outside for some cool air and to rest my cheeks from forcing myself to smile for the past few hours. Mark, Courtney’s date for the night followed me out and I stiffened. 
“Finally alone beautiful.” Turning I fluttered my eyelashes and nodded.
“Yes I’m having a quiet moment, Courtney’s inside.” I motioned to the door. Movement out the corner of my eye made me hold a hand out to tell them to stop.
“I’m not here for Courtney sugar. I thought I’d get to know you a little better.” He stepped forward boldly, slipping his hands around my waist. 
“Mark get your hands off me. I don’t fuck around with my best friends dates.”
“Courtney wouldn’t care.”
“I would. So we are clear- I said no.”
“She can join in if it means that much to you.”
“Maybe you should leave?” His hands trailed up my side and pulled me close to him. His nose ran along my neck, Courtney came outside and made a slicing motion along her neck. She really hadn’t been worried. She wanted him gone. Barely nodding at her, so she knew I got her message I ran my hands up Mark’s arms. I saw a light to my right, a glow of a cell phone and hushed whispering. 
Tilting Mark’s head up as though I was about to kiss him and for the second time that day I kneed someone in the balls. He stumbled back surprised. I slammed my fist across his face, breaking his nose.
“Bitch!” He roared stepping forward to hit me, I shifted right and shoved him over the wooden balustrade of my porch. Slipping off my beautiful heels I heard a throat clearing. Mark stood up and went to charge back up the steps as a hand reached out from Dancer’s side of the house and gripped his collar tugging him backward into the dark.
“I got this Emily. Enjoy your party ma’am.” A deep voice offered from the dark.
“I can handle my own guests.” I snapped annoyed that neither Dancer nor Bank listened.
“No need to ruin a pretty dress though.” Huffing I walked back upstairs, slipped my shoes back on and walked inside to grab a fresh margarita.
“He gone?”
“My neighbour left a pitbull.”
“Wow really? He got attacked by a dog?” I laughed at her naivety.
“No Court, he left a club member behind to make sure we were safe at the party.” I laughed again as understanding dawned on her face.
“You aren’t drunk enough.” Clinking glasses we drank and danced our way around the living room together. Through the course of the night people came and went and by three I managed to kick them all out.  Courtney left a little while earlier with a group of people and I locked up my house. I was still mostly sober, tomorrow was Saturday so I knew that I could sleep all day if I needed to. I hated waking to a mess so I tidied up and straightened my house back to it’s former glory.
By the time it was done and cleaned properly it was almost five. No point in trying to sleep now I’d never settle. Deciding I could surf then sleep I changed clothes and grabbed some spares in case I stopped past work after. I hit the waves, now feeling completely sober, I really hadn’t had so much to drink the night before. The water felt amazing on my skin so I surfed until I was a wrinkled prune and my fingers wouldn’t grip the board much longer. I was still awake, my body exhausted so I was glad I brought clothes to wear to work. 
I stopped and grabbed a coffee and bagel for breakfast and walked into my office, loving the calmness of my day. I processed an amazing amount of work and finished up at four, desperate for a decent meal and a possible early night. I figured if I got a good sleep, tomorrow I could work and catch up almost completely. Anthony would be pleased. There was also an employee I wanted to check on who had logged a lot of hours but didn’t have many results for clients. I wanted to check his computer.
Getting home all bikes gone I sighed happily and went inside my house and cracked a beer. I made steak and steamed vegetables with butter sauce. I ate until I was ready to burst it was that good. Cleaning up I showered and headed to my couch. Flopping down I watched some boring show on television until my eyes started to cross. It was only early, but I was beyond exhausted. 
Slipping in to bed I assumed I would pass out and fall into a deep sleep, but no such luck. I dozed on and off, irritated with myself every time I stirred. It was almost one o’clock when noises outside woke me more fully.


Chapter 3
Oh God, please come home soon! The giggling bimbo’s next door were driving me fucking crazy! I didn’t need the descriptive detail they had planned to do to my bikie neighbour. I knew it wasn’t his real name. His real name was William Brock Muller, I may have at one point checked his mail, yet no one seemed brave enough to call him by his real name. But to his club he was Dancer. Apparently he danced with many a fine line with the law, well that was one story, the other had to do with women and I chose not to listen to that.  Scoffing I flopped over to my stomach seriously hoping Dancer hurried up so I could sleep, I planned to go surfing and the bimbo twins keeping me up would keep me awake. 
Just as I got up from my bed to tell them to go I heard it, the loud rumble of his bike. Sighing I flopped back over my messy bed. Now here came the usual let down. 
“Girls, lovely night out?” His deep voice vibrated within my body, hardening my nipples to tight points as shivers ran through my body. Same damn reaction every time. More fucking giggling, I mean damn don’t these girls have any self-respect? Apparently not. At least I didn’t flaunt my reaction to the man.
“Hi, Dancer...” You guessed it, more giggling. I got up and peaked out my bedroom window.
“So not quite sure why you’re here again, but, I’m pretty sure my nice neighbour next door isn’t appreciating the noise already.” Sarcasm thickly laced his tone. I knew why, I hadn’t given him the time of day. He had tried to introduce himself to me on a few occasions and I always pretended he was never there. I never looked, I never acknowledged him at all, except the few occasions over the last week, but I was back to ignoring him. At first it made him more persistent than ever to talk to me, eventually he got the message. Thankfully he was respectful to the thin walls separating our houses.
“Come on Dancer, who gives two shits about your neighbour? You’re a fucking biker!” Blondie one snorted with laughter. Redhead bimbo number two was quick to join in
“Yeah I mean seriously? You fucking own the place, fuck him!”
“Her.” He corrected her gently.
“So? Skank probably gets off on it, come on baby, you know you want it. We’ll make your night better.” Not that this was the first time I had heard this same conversation over and over, but I was exhausted. Plus I hated being called a skank. Storming out I grabbed my sawn off shot gun on the way out taking a few bullets for good measure. I made sure to be extra loud so he knew I was up.
“Girls- seriously leave.” His tone was cold and hard. I threw my front door open and stepped out into the cold night making a show of adding the bullets to the gun and snapping it shut. I knew I looked a sight, long blonde sun bleached hair messy as fuck, white lacy panties and a long white loose tank top.
“Girls seriously. This skank wants to sleep cos she has shit to do tomorrow. So feel free to get in your car paid for by the blow jobs you’ve given and get the fuck off my property.” I let the gun rest over my shoulder. I wasn’t living in the best neighbourhood, security wasn’t optional. Well that was the excuse I told everyone.
“What the fuck?” I heard his growled words then his intake of breath, but kept my eye on the girls, like me they probably came from the wrong side of the tracks and just trying to find themselves their safety net. Well I wasn’t about to let them have it next door. I wasn’t interested in hearing it all night. They should stick to the clubhouse and not attempt house calls.
“Who the fuck do you think you are bitch! Do you know who he is?” One woman asked with clothes so tight they were basically transparent. Her hair was over bleached and had a mountain of hairspray in it. Her face was caked with at least an inch of makeup making her look far older than she really was.
“I’m very well aware, his bike and colours make it a little hard to miss. What you seemed to have missed though is his lack of interest at the moment and my patience. Leave.” My voice dripped with ice and the girls hesitated before getting smart, huffing but got in their car, for a moment I lost sight of Dancer, due to my tunnel vision making sure the girls left. He jumped the small picket fence dividing our yards and took the steps to my porch in two swift steps, skipping a few. He snatched the gun from my hands and uncocked it.
“What the fuck was that princess?” His voice held a thread of amusement. His scent enveloped me, I forced myself not to breathe too deeply and embarrass myself. It brought back to many memories, fuel, grease and beer. Although Dancer smelled like leather, whisky and a woodsy scent that was all him. He stood close to me looking down my body before roaming back up and meeting my hard glare. The second his hazel eyes met mine, his pupils grew, you could barely see any colour now, so I wasn’t entirely sure they really were hazel. His long dark hair was tied back today with a few errant strays falling near his eyes. It wasn’t his smell or his hair that made me uneasy, desire was written all over his face, making me snatch the gun from him then I turned on my heel.
“Hey! Wait!” He grabbed my shirt and I was suddenly very aware I wasn’t wearing a bra and my nipples were straining against the fabric pulled tight against my chest. I stopped so he didn’t rip my shirt, my clothes were priceless at the moment, I didn’t want to waste money to replace them.
“What?” I asked without turning around.
“Baby you really are somethin’.” He murmured with a drawl, coming so close to me his body warmth seeped in, I fought the instinct to step back into the heat of his body and warm myself. I turned in his arms, not quite realising this would bring me flush against him. Hearing his soft groan only hardened my resolve to get things back to where they were.
“Get your hands off me. I’m not a plaything and I’m certainly no club whore.”
“No and you definitely shouldn’t have a fucking shotgun either.” He said seeming to snap out of whatever had him dazed. Shaking himself his hands slid down the shotgun until it touched where my hand gripped it. His other hand fisted into the back of the tank top, making the material cling to my body and his gaze.
“I’m sure you’ve noticed this isn’t the safest neighbourhood. I’m ensuring my safety.” He snorted then eyeballed me, raising an eyebrow and offering a half smirk.
“I’ve been ensuring your safety since the second I saw you move in. The gun is unnecessary.” Frowning I didn’t understand his meaning. What safety did he think he was ensuring on my behalf? I had it covered. I was sure Bank had told him also.
“Yet you go on runs and stuff. I can take care of myself have been for quite some time. So get your fucking hands off me and let my gun go.” My nostrils were flared and my eyes narrowed in anger. Smiling he let my shirt go, but didn’t step back. Moving away was easy but he wouldn’t let go the gun. “Let go.”
“No. I don’t like the thought of you with it. If you feel the need for a gun, then I’m not doing my job. Scream and I’ll be here in seconds.”
“When you aren’t home?”
“Baby, I have had a prospect stationed here when I’m not home for quite some time.” He looked cocky tonight and I wondered what had changed.
“Really? Interesting, where is he and why didn’t he tell the whores to fuck off?” I stepped back into him, noting his breathing becoming uneven, fuck me dead the man had a crush on me. I could use this to my advantage if I needed to.
“I sent him home and that’s not his job. His job is to keep you safe.”
“Why haven’t I seen him?” I asked leaning into him, watching with my peripheral as his eyes closed.
“I didn’t want you to.” Gently I ran my lips across the skin of his neck until I reached his ear.
“Then what happens when I want to get away from you?”
“You can’t.” His voice had dropped and was almost unsteady, hoarse and fucking sexy as hell.
“Then I guess it’s lucky that’s not my only gun.” My lips brushed across his ear and I felt him stiffen as I let the gun go and walked back into my house. Slamming the door I threw the deadbolt. My window was open slightly so I could hear him still.
“Fuck me. That woman will be the death of me.” In the privacy of my own home I let the smile touch me for a moment before I remembered what and who he is, then it disappeared. I went back to bed, crawling under my sheets. I fell asleep quickly, anxious to let this day pass. 
I rose early and dressed in my bikini and denim cutoffs. Chowing down some toast as I walked out the front door and to my jeep. My surfboard was already stowed inside with my wetsuit. Biting my toast gently I grabbed a lackey band, locked my door and started to tie my hair back.
“Morning.” I heard from behind me as I walked to my jeep. I ignored it and kept going, not even pausing in acknowledgement. I heard him sigh as I unlocked my car. Climbing in I started the engine, hearing it groan before clicking over, Wincing it spluttered once more before coming to life. Grinning from the minor victory, I backed out of the driveway and headed toward the beach. 
After surfing my morning away I was grateful I didn’t have to work this afternoon. I was still tired after last night’s lack of sleep. Paddling in and walking up the beach I was met with the familiar scene of Hamilton, the jackass hitting on women who littered the beach. The second he saw me walking he jogged to catch up to me, forgetting the woman he was speaking to instantly. 
“Hey beautiful.”
“Fuck off Hamilton. I’m not interested.” I said blandly, showing my distaste for him. Though his success rate with women kept his confidence up and he wouldn’t take no for an answer.
“Oh come now baby-“
“Don’t call me baby.” Finally reaching the parking lot I threw my board into the back of the car, turning and finding myself caged in by Hamilton, who the fuck calls their kid Hamilton? Stupid. 
“There’s no need to be harsh baby. You come on one date with me and I’ll change your mind all about me.”
“No.” He raised his hand to touch my face and I flinched involuntarily. Hamilton smirked, but dropped his hand. Pushing back I got in my car, that thankfully started first go. I roared out of the parking lot, leaving Hamilton grinning like a lunatic at my car. Shivering I drove home still sandy and in my wetsuit. I was furious he even tried to touch me, he knew I didn’t like it but thought he was above the rules. Pulling up, I noted Dancer’s bike in the drive but all was quiet. He had a late night so my guess was he went back to bed after I saw him this morning.  Sighing I let my shoulders droop in defeat. I can’t believe I let Hamilton get me so angry and worked up. Struggling slightly I wrangled the wetsuit away from my body and hosed the sand off it. As I washed the sand from my hair and body I felt Dancer behind me.
“Hey.” He said quietly.
“Hi.” I said wearily.
“I just wanted to apologise for last night. I don’t give out my address. The guys at the club generally know better.”
“It’s fine, don’t worry about it. It’s not like it’s the first time it’s happened or the first time I told them to fuck off.” I said rinsing down my legs now. 
“You still sound angry at me.” His voice was calm and soothed me like nothing had in a long time. I didn’t like it.
“I’m not angry at you. I’m angry at me. Wait! No I am angry at you. Give my gun back.” I said suddenly remembering. Turning toward him I was so glad my poker face was on, he had no shirt, just jeans and tattoos travelling down his chest I forced myself not to swallow, that may be because my throat was completely dried up. Jesus Christ on a cracker the man was a fucking god. Now in the daylight, the first time I allowed myself to really look, he floored me. 
I had seen him without a shirt on before, but never stared like I was now. He wasn’t a pretty boy by any means, but fuck me, he was smokin.  He had dark brown hair that was almost shoulder length, half tied back in a band. His body was tanned as if he spent a lot of time outdoors. He had the general Reaper tattoos but others. His arm showed angel wings with a blank space, big enough for a person’s name, on his right pec. That’s when I stopped staring.	
“Why are you angry at yourself?” He asked cocking his head to the side, ignoring my last question still amused at my blatant staring. He had the slightest curve to his lips, an almost smile, but not quite.
“Why? Seriously? I lost my temper at two club whores and stormed out my front yard in panties and a shirt! Then you touched me! Then I get to my surfing spot and this dickhead tried to touch me. He knows better. But he’s fucking persistent and it’s all starting to piss me off okay! I don’t like being touched.” The light I saw in his eyes in our earlier conversation died the second I said someone tried to touch me.
“Who?”
“It doesn’t matter Dancer, let it go.” He stilled.
“How do you know my name?”
“Your parties get loud. It’s not the first all-girl party I’ve broken up out the front when I’m having a bad day. This was just the first time I did it while you were present.” I reminded him sarcastically. He moved into my space and I noticed he liked to do that. It kept me on edge and he seemed to like that.
“Then how come I can’t find out jack shit about you?” He asked frowning. “Because Emily Robinson isn’t you real name.” I shrugged dismissively.
“Maybe that’s the way I like it.” Dropping the forgotten hose I turned it off and walked calmly to my front door. I heard him come up behind me. “Don’t. Just don’t. I like my life. Then I made the mistake of moving in here and now it’s noisy again. I don’t like noise Dancer.” I said quietly. He didn’t come closer and let me open and close my front door, locking it. 
Even though I rinsed I took a quick shower and washed my hair.  My body ached with fatigue so I took advantage of the day off and climbed back into my bed and dozed. A while later I heard his bike and sighed. Rolling over I groaned. I needed to create that distance between Dancer and I again and ensure no more chit chat. I didn’t want him delving into my past. He wouldn’t like what he found. I didn’t like it myself, but the past could not be undone. 
Climbing out of bed and dressing in cut offs and a loose black tank once more, I went to the kitchen and prepared dinner seeing as it was nearly five in the afternoon. Preparing two plates I sighed. Taking a breath I walked out the front.
“Alright Prospect, come out. I’ve made dinner. You tell Dancer it’ll be the last time I do.”
“Yes ma’am.” I heard that same low voice to my right, same as the night of my party, making me jump. Glaring at him, he smiled sheepishly. 
“Call me ma’am again it’ll be your last words. Now sit. Wanna beer?” I asked smiling. Nodding the Prospect sat on my front porch small table and chair set. I retrieved two beers and my dinner, joining him outside.
“Name?”
“Uhhh-“
“Spit it out son.” I said with humour my voice still husky from sleep. How quick and easy it was to revert back to the way I’d spoken years ago shocked even me.
“Tigger.” He turned bright red and I grinned.
“Do I want to know why?”
“No and if I knew trust me, I doubt I’d tell you!” He smiled indulgently at me. Shaking himself he quickly dug into his food, groaning when he did. “You sure are a good cook ma’am.” I heard the familiar twang in his voice I heard so often in my own. He was a southerner like me.
I cleared my throat in annoyance, but ate. I deliberated over what to ask. Then thought fuck it, I don’t really need to know.
“Help yourself to beer Tigger. Lock up when you leave.” I said with a grin on my face.
“Where are you going?” He asked pausing his fork full of steak and potato.
“Just next door. So when Dancer made you watch over me, who did he tell you I was?” Tigger frowned at me.
“His old lady? Said someone’s been giving you trouble?”
“And you aren’t curious as to why I don’t hang around the MC?”
“Said you aren’t into that lifestyle.”
 Gritting my teeth I smiled again, making Tigger blush. Rising I went inside with my plate and scrapped it. Entering my room I went to my chest of drawers and pulled out a kit I hadn’t used in a long time. Tucking it into my cutoffs I walked back outside and smiled at Tigger. Saluting me with his beer I walked next door to Dancer’s. Pulling out the set I very quickly unlocked Dancer’s door. Inside I grinned at what I found. His place was a fucking mess, I wanted to freak him out a little and remind him what it was to have an old lady, not that I had any intention of filling that roll for him. Stepping over beer bottles I walked around noting it was the same layout of my place but reversed. I walked around until I found a laptop. Sitting down I opened it and found that his user icon was a picture of me. Frowning it asked me a password. I tried reaper, dancer and his name. Pondering I typed in emilyrobinson. His computer opened and his wallpaper was a picture of me, much like I was this morning hosing off beach sand in my front yard in a bikini. It almost rode up my ass. Classy.
Checking his pictures file I found he had a few pictures of me. Washing my car, gardening, lawn-mowing. All in various states of dress. My general attire when I was home was a bikini and cutoffs. I surfed at every opportunity. Most photos looked to be taken from a camera phone. Searching his computer, I found nothing relating to me, and nothing much exciting or made my hackles rise, he had no info on the real me so I made sure to wipe my search. I searched his house and found nothing. Then I realised his friends thought I was his old lady. Grinning I went to the kitchen and grabbed garbage bag. I cleaned his place. Thoroughly. I didn’t so much as find one pair of ladies anything in sight and I wondered how the hell that happened. I’d seen inside several members houses when I was younger, of a different MC of course. Surely Eme left her things?
When I was done I fell in exhausted heap on his bed, complete with clean sheets.  I went back to my place to get them too. I also made a point of getting my laundry powder and fabric softener. I washed his clothes so they would all smell like me. I sat up thinking he might be home soon.  Jumping up I straightened the bed sheets and went home smiling at Tigger who still sat at the table. I washed and packed away the dinner dishes and then exhausted I stripped off my cutoffs and climbed into bed, it was a little past two in the morning. 
An hour later I heard two bikes, one leaving one coming and then slipped back into sleep. When I woke, I froze in panic. I felt a bare hairy arm across my stomach and legs tangled with my own. Counting back from ten I turned over to come face to face with a sleeping Dancer. Instantly I relaxed, I know I shouldn’t, but I had a feeling he’s cut off an arm before he hurt me, I wasn’t sure why but he gave me a safe feeling. I was so relieved it was him I kissed his cheek and climbed out of bed, he hadn’t even budged. Stripping I quickly got into a new bikini, shorts and brushed my teeth. Collecting my keys I locked the door after me, I had no intention of waking Dancer and letting the awkwardness start. I always rose early, no matter how little sleep I had. 


Chapter 4

Right now the sun was just coming up and I climbed into my car, this time when I started my engine, there was no cough or splutter, frowning I shrugged at my good luck and started off to the beach. Once I got there I realised I’d forgotten my wetsuit. Shrugging I got out my board and hit the waves.
For the second day in a row it was almost lunch by the time I climbed from the water, a wrinkled prune. Starting up the beach I was thankful I didn’t bump into Hamilton again. Then I realised my mistake, he was waiting by my car with that cocky grin on his face. Throwing my board in my car I gritted my teeth. 
“Hey baby. So about our date-“ Impatient I held my hand up.
“Hamilton, we don’t have a date. We will never have a date because I would never date someone with the name Hamilton. It would be stupid to embarrass myself like that. What kind of name is that anyway? Not that it matters all you need to know is I’m not some dumb blonde you pick up at the beach. I’m not a challenge and you don’t need to try and mount me to your wall.”
“Oh I don’t care where I mount you baby-“ Suddenly a hand wrapped around Hamilton’s throat cutting off his disgusting comments.  He was yanked backwards and I came eye to eye with Dancer as Hamilton fell to his knees, his oxygen supply temporarily cut off. 
“Hey Baby.” He said with a tight smile. I grinned at him, I really could seriously kiss him right now. Hamilton was beginning to get on my nerves.
“Hi yourself. Sleep well?” I asked with a smirk. I heard a choking sound and looked down at Hamilton who was almost blue.
“Could have woken in a much more tempting way, but my woman up and left me for the beach. Sad huh?” His eyes hadn’t left mine, his tone brittle and angry. His woman? What the fuck?! Obviously right now wasn’t the time for that conversation. I cleared my throat and nodded toward Hamilton. His grip tightened and I flinched. Hamilton reached for me and I stepped up and to the side of him, touching Dancer on the arm.
“Dancer let go. He’s really not worth the police investigation.” Dancer still didn’t flinch, I had to distract him, running my hand up his arm to his shoulder and half leaning over Hamilton, I swallowed hard before brushing my lips against his. The result was instantaneous, he let Hamilton go and kicked him to the ground gasping for breath, I was hauled into Dancer’s arms and kissed stupid.
Dancer’s tongue snaked out and forced it’s way into my mouth, not that I gave too much of a fight. I was after all distracting him from killing someone. At least that’s what I was telling myself. Groaning he pulled me tighter against him, He wore his general uniform of jeans, shirt, boots and cut. I was still dressed only in a bikini that was sky blue today and matched my eyes perfectly. Being this undressed and pulled against his still fully clothed body I sobered quickly. Pushing away I looked down breathing heavy. I could still see and feel him so I knew it wasn’t one sided. My nipples were hard nubs straining against the wet fabric of my bikini. Stepping away I glanced over to Hamilton who looked at us in shocked disgust, still struggling to breathe.
I understood it really. I mean Dancer just choked the shit out of him and then kissed me stupid. I let him, like I got off on the violence of it all. I didn’t. Smiling tightly I looked up to see arousal clearly written over his face.
“I’ll see you at home.” I said quietly. His face changed as quickly as mine had and he frowned watching me not understanding my turnaround. I understood that too.
“And your friend there?” He bit out. I looked at him blankly.
“I don’t have many friends and he certainly isn’t one of them.” Turning I jumped in my car and started the engine quickly once more. I pulled out of the parking lot and headed home. I didn’t hear Dancer leave straight after and thought no more of it. I can’t control a biker and had no intention of even trying.  I tried to calm myself by the time I got home to no avail. Getting out I went inside, locking up and climbed into the shower. I didn’t think about the unlocked door when I got home, or the fact something felt different in my house, I put it down to Dancer spending time at my place. I was washing the shampoo from my hair as the shower door opened and I stepped back to wash the soap from my eyes so I could open them.
I didn’t get the chance. Yanked from the shower I was dragged by my hair out and into the bedroom before being punched across the face. I was stunned to say the least, I didn’t scream I’d been here before, I knew better. I saw the familiar cuts on the men before two pair of boots kicked into me, face and body. I heard a remark that made me freeze, praying they didn’t recognise me.
“Pity, Dancer’s bitch is fucking hot.”
“Let’s see if she can remember a message?”
“Yeah. Tell Dancer to back the fuck off.” Before another boot kicked across me and blackness enveloped. 

Chapter 5

When I woke up I could vaguely make out a panicked voice.
“Baby? Wake up! Please! I can’t lose you now! Wake the fuck up!” I felt him gently shake and plead with me desperation and anger in his voice. My body protested violently. Darkness fell once more. The next time I flittered into consciousness my head was cushioned against something hard. Legs? Dancer? His scent was everywhere. 
Finally I cracked my eyes open, but they wouldn’t open fully. Pain wracked my body and I groaned and whimpered, trying to get up. I needed to pee in the worst way.
“Baby? Hey it’s ok, don’t move. I have you now, you’re safe.”
“Need bathroom.” I managed through split lips. I was scooped up into Dancer’s arms, I knew it was him from his smell. He carried me through a doorway and sat me down. Forcing my eyes open I could see we were in a bathroom. I wanted to scream from the pain. I knew I had broken ribs at the very least.
“Get out.” I forced the words out, my mouth was dry and my lip split in at least two places.
“No.” He said stubbornly. Taking a breath I looked up best I could. I could make out his face through the red haze covering my eyes.
“It’s your damned fault I’m here. So do me the decency of getting out and let me use the bathroom in peace.” My words came out softly, it’s all I could manage, the look of devastation on his face made him back away and close the door, only leaving it open a crack. I used the facilities and forced myself to stand. Blocking out the pain I stood and flushed, washing my hands.  Leaning against the vanity I tilted my head and looked into the mirror. Tears leaked from my eyes. I was done with this shit. I got away and now it was back.  A sob tore from my throat and Dancer was back, scooping my into his arms, making me cry out in pain. 
“I’m so sorry baby. Please-“
“Don’t. You don’t get to say sorry- I’m nothing to you. They just wanted to send a message. They said back off.” I said crying out in pain. Breathing deeply, trying to catch my breath, when it evened out and he still said nothing, I asked. “Take me home?”
“No fucking way! I’m not leaving you over there! I can take care of you better here!” My sobs returned.
“Why me? You can have any girl! Any fucking girl. Why me?” He sat behind me, my back to his chest as he very slowly and gently rocked as I sobbed hysterically. I knew he would have no idea why I was so hysterical, but as my crying calmed down he answered.
“Because you’re different. I feel when you’re around. I haven’t had that in so long. You’re beautiful and smart. You make me smile despite being angry at you most of the time. You’re such a smart ass yet without knowing it you get me hard as a fucking rock. No one does that to me. They haven’t been able to in some time. Then one day I pull my bike into my drive and glance across the fence and see you moving in and I got fucking slammed.  I have no idea what it is, but whether you like it or not, you are mine.” He paused and snorted. “And I don’t even know your fucking real name.” He was breathing heavily, leaving the question open ended, waiting for my response. I didn’t offer it as I laid quietly in his arms for a while.  I needed twenty four hours to rest and recuperate before I could leave. I had done it before, I could do it now. 
“Do you have pain medication?” I asked quietly. Hands brushed my hair away from my face and I closed my eyes. It took less effort than keeping them open.
“Can you eat?” His voice was so full of concern.
“Maybe, I’m not sure.”
“Soup?” 
“Maybe, I’m not sure.” Kissing the top of my head lightly, he eased out from behind me and eased me back to the pillows. I was kind of glad I changed his sheets and cleaned his house. After a few minutes Dancer came back and laid a tray on the bedside drawers. 
“Can I help you sit up?” I looked down and it now dawned on me I was still stark naked. Dancer had seen me naked and he hadn’t said a word.
“Can I have a shirt at least?” I asked hearing him sigh.
“Fuck no.”
“Dancer-“
“Call me Will.”
“Fine, Will I’d really appreciate a shirt.” I heard him sigh, I tried to smile, but winced instead. Fabric pulled over my head and I shrugged into it. 
“Oh fuck, maybe we should try your clothes.”  He groaned running a finger down my arm.
“Seriously? Wanna look at my face again? Pretty sure mine have blood on them, unless your volunteering to go get me some clean ones?” When he snorted I rolled my eyes. “Yep didn’t think so.”
“Didn’t say you looked bad babe, you look fuckin hot.” Now I snorted.
“Yes because a woman with two black eyes, smashed face and broken ribs, plus a few major bruises is sexy.”
“Yep but I see past that, I can picture you without all that and now in my clothes… fuck! I’m going for a smoke.” He stormed out of the room and I laughed softly before groaning. A few minutes later he returned still looking tense, guess the cigarette didn’t help.  Sitting on the edge of the bed he placed my arms around his shoulders and slipped his hands underneath me to limit the movement of my ribs when he sat me up. Pillows were stuffed behind me, before I was eased back into them. I winced.
“You think they’re broken?” He asked softly frowning. Nodding I added.
“Not the first time in my life I’ve been in this situation Dancer.”
“It’s Will to you and is that why you changed your name and are hiding out? From an ex?” I snorted again.
“Yeah something like that.” He held the spoon of soup up to my lips and I opened swallowing the creamy liquid. Yum, pumpkin and it tasted homemade. Holy fuck the man could cook. Then again that did explain all the dishes in his kitchen. Clearing his throat he began to say words I didn’t want to hear ever again.
“I- Emily, I can help you. If you want, you could tell me his name and I can ensure he never comes near you again. I can protect you.” I stopped the spoon, some of the contents spilling over the clean shirt.
“No. I won’t be indebted to your club for something in my past. I can and will handle it on my own. Are we clear Dancer?” He sighed.
“It’s Will. Besides I like you Emily. I wouldn’t offer if I didn’t. I wouldn’t involve the club anyhow. It’s one guy.” He dropped the spoon back in the bowl and sighed.
“No. The next time I come face to face with… him, I’ll handle it myself. Just give my gun back.” I tried to smile but my lip re-split and started to bleed. My eyes were still closed due to the swelling, I felt him wipe the blood from my lip with a rough finger then a small grunt.
“Baby right now you aren’t in any position to argue, you can’t even look at me.”
“Well then I guess it’s lucky he’s not around then isn’t it. I don’t need you or your MC to help me Dancer, I’ve held my own for a long time now.” He let out a frustrated growl before I felt the spoon again. I thought the conversation had ended, clearly I was wrong.
“What have you got against MC’s?”
“Everything. It’s a really long story and one I’m not overly interested in sharing.”
“Damn it Emily! I just want to help!” My temper flared as I pointed to my face.
“Clearly you’ve helped enough!” I heard the spoon clatter against the wall, a large hand wrapped through my hair and around to the back of my head.
“Look at me Emily.” Forcing my eyes open to slits, Dancer was right in front of my face, his green eyes burned in front of my bloody blue ones. Huh, I thought they’d been hazel. Guess I was wrong.
“Emily isn’t even my name.” I goaded, groaning he bent and kissed me forcefully, I whimpered in pain as my bruised and bleeding lips smashed together with his. Despite my poor state of physical health electricity zinged through my body. I pushed my hands up to his chest as he licked over my lips, blood and all, before sweeping into my mouth. Using all my strength I pushed away and cried out into his mouth. Letting out a frustrated growl he eased back, resting his forehead on mine.  A small smile rested on his mouth.
“So what is your name?”
“You know I think I’ll just keep that to myself, excuse me.” Frowning he pulled back.
“Where do you think you’re going?” He asked as he stood up and I pushed the sheets away from me. 
“Home. Somehow I think that’s safer.” The bastard used his weight against mine to keep me in the bed.
“Fuck, no way Baby. You can stay here. I promise I won’t kiss you again, at least not until your better.”
“And yet I’m still leaving.” Holding onto my ribs, I pushed back.
“You don’t trust easy do you?”
“Correction asshole, I don’t trust at all. I don’t trust you or your brothers or the skinny ass prospect you have out the front. So get your damned hands off me, give me back my gun so I can leave.”
“Baby you aren’t going anywhere. I always said when I got you in my bed you were never getting out. Seeing as this isn’t exactly what I had in mind, I’m just going to warn you, get up from where you are and I will tie you down until you recover. Then you will be tied down for a whole other set of reasons.” Anger coiled tightly within me, my body shaking with it. “I didn’t say it to scare you Baby, just- let me take care of you.” His voice finished sounding resigned.
“Fuck you!” I said and pushed to stand up, he was fast though. I was immediately scooped up into his arms and gently laid on the bed while he hovered over me catching my hands and lifting them above my head. I whimpered as my ribs stretched, he almost had them tied to the bed frame when my fight or flight instincts kicked in. I raised my leg and connected with my target. Yelping he let me go, grabbing hold on my hands in a death grip before sinking to the floor.
“Fuck!” He groaned.
“Let me go.”
“No!”
“You can’t keep me here. I’ll get out so, Let. Me. Go.”
“No.” He groaned he was doubled over and I tried to yank my hands away instead I was pulled down to the floor with him. I cried out and curled into a ball, nearly passing out. Black spots danced across my eyes “Sorry baby.” He murmured, still in pain himself. Tears leaked out of my eyes at the situation I found myself in. Although the difference between now and then was that this time I at least found my abductor attractive.
“Don’t cry babe, I’m sorry I didn’t mean to hurt you.” Panic began to set in as his words floated to my ears, I wasn’t above begging.
“Please let me go.” I asked as tears dripped onto his shirt. My breathing became erratic. He scooped me into his arms still groaning in pain. I was lifted back onto the bed, this time the pain overwhelmed me and blackness came over all my senses once more before I even hit the mattress. I woke in the early hours of the morning cuddled into Dancers arms. Opening my eyes, I instantly noticed my eyes were clear and I could open them further. 
Taking a breath I gently sat up, gritting my teeth against the pain. Walking to the bathroom I used the amenities once more and washed my hands and face. Walking back into Dancer’s bedroom, I heard his soft snores. Opening his drawers I took a clean pair of boxers and slipped them on and grabbing a clean shirt I changed that too. Taking the tray from last night I went to the kitchen and washed the dishes. 
I had a feeling Dancer could sleep through just about anything. Wanting to go home and get in my own bed and in my own clothes I walked out the front taking a few steps forward before staggering back when I saw three new motorbikes and men leaning against them. My shoulder hit the wall and I saw them turn around, my eyes darted around quickly and I stumbled to go back inside. The largest of them all held his hands up.
“Emily it’s okay sweetheart. We’re friends. Fellow brothers. We won’t hurt you. Dancer would sooner kill us then let someone hurt you again. Relax.” They didn’t come toward me, I felt hands run up my arms and stop on my shoulders. I squealed as I turned into Dancer’s arms. He nodded toward his brothers jutting out his chin. That was when I realised he was naked.
“Dancer. You’re naked.” I whispered squeezing my eyes shut. I felt his lips brush across my head as he pulled me back inside. 
“Ain’t nothing they haven’t seen before baby. Where were you goin?”
“Home.” I said refusing to open my eyes. “You decent yet?” There was a pause before I heard an amused.
“Yep.” Opening my eyes I noticed he was, in fact, not decent, he was still stark naked and very very aroused. And sporting a huge grin.
“Dancer-“
“If you call me Dancer one more time I swear to God I will spank you.”
“Will you please put clothes on?”
“I don’t mind you getting very acquainted with my body baby. It’s all for you anyhow.”
Growling I turned and opened my eyes and strode to the front door. As my hand reached the door knob, Dancer’s hand covered mine. I froze in place wondering how a man of his size moved so damned fast. Stepping into my body, his erection pushed against my lower back.  His free hand brushed my hair over my shoulder as his lips trailed over my neck. Goosebumps rose all over my body and my nipples hardened into painful nubs aching to be touched. His thumb rolled over my shoulder, down my chest before his hand cupped my breast, his thumb brushing over my straining nipple. His tongue flickered against my neck at the same time gaining an involuntary moan from me.
“Fight it if you want, but I know I do the same to you. If I slid my hand lower would you be wet baby?” His words were whispered behind my ear as his hand continued to torture and knead my breast. My breathing became choppy and shallow. 
“Will I can’t do this…” I pleaded.
“Maybe not today, but it’s gonna happen.” He turned me around and pushed me into the door, pushing my chin up and bending to kiss me. It wasn’t rough this time, it was gentle and searching. Although my healing lip still protested. His rock hard erection now pressing into my belly. “Touch me.” He asked, his kisses so drugging I nearly missed them. Automatically my hand responded and moved between us.
I let my fingers run down the length of him and felt him shudder. He was hard as granite but silky smooth to touch. Reality came back and bitch slapped me. Pulling my mouth away, looking at the floor I dropped my hands and flattened them against the door. Bad idea, stupid move I couldn’t believe I had touched him, it would only encourage him with his stupid crush.
“I need to go now.” I whispered. He dropped his head to my shoulder.
“Tell me who hurt you?”
“Last night? Two Death Angel’s, I thought you knew that?” I whispered my voice hoarse with unshed tears.
“Not last night baby, I saw them leave, it’s how I found you. I meant before, to make you like this. Scared to touch, be touched. Let me in.”
“It doesn’t matter Dancer. I need to go. Now.” Pushing him away he let me go this time.
“I’m going for a shower, most likely to jerk off, then I’ll come over for breakfast.” Kissing the top of my head, Dancer stepped back allowing me room to move. I opened the door once more taking a calming breath before facing the three strangers in our front yard. I walked out into the rising sun, smiling tightly at the three men.
“Morning Emily.” The big man smiled warmly again at me. Sargent At Arms.
“He pulled out the big guns.” I said pointing to his patch. He smiled warmly, at my knowledge.
“No ma’am. I volunteered.” Nodding I walked over to my place, carefully stepping over my fence.
“Am I okay to go in?” I raised an eyebrow at him. I felt him follow me over, keeping a good distance behind.
“Yes ma’am. I’ll be at the door, holler if you need anything. I’d be happy to oblige.” He grinned good naturedly and I knew he was joking, but it did make me smile. Stepping forward.
“I’m sorry I don’t mean to be rude.” I held out my hand and he stepped forward to shake it. A glint of light blinded me momentarily so I followed it. I saw a knife sticking out of my tyre. 
“Mother Fucker!” I snapped making the man in front of me step back quickly. His posture relaxed when he realised I was looking at my car. Holding my ribs I bent down and ripped the knife from my now flat tyre. “Stupid fucking cock-sucking prick!” I muttered, I knew this knife too. I had admired it as a teen when the owner had bought it. Sticks. The blade was about eight inches long and the handle was oak wood and carved bone. It had the MC’s logo carved into the bone section. The knife had cost him a pretty penny. Closing the blade I squeezed it.
“Emily? Uh, I think Dancer’s going to want to see that.” Moving past him I strode into my house, when I came to the bedroom and found the Sgt behind me I held up my hand.
“I’m going to get changed and have a shower. Dancer’s coming over anyhow.” At that he looked relieved and moved back allowing me privacy. I shut the door in his face and locked it. Bending down I moved the bedroom rug back and lifted a few planks of wood. There was my box, still in the same place. Lifting the lid I found my other treasures and placed the knife inside. I didn’t have time to reminisce so I closed it replaced the wood and rug and stood. 

Chapter 6
I made noise rummaging through drawers pulling out clean panties, a bra and a tight black cotton t-shirt that would show a little midriff. Coming out of my room I nearly walked straight into Dancer.
“Thought you were getting changed?”
“My jeans are in the dryer.” I said raising an eyebrow. “Doesn’t take you long to jerk off huh?” My face was deadpan and his fellow brother snickered. Dancer shot a warning glance over his shoulder.
“I’ll get them for you.”
“Yeah I really don’t need you going through my washing, I like to keep my panties drool free.” This earned me another snicker. I moved into the kitchen and started a pot of coffee.
“A woman after my own heart.” The sgt smiled grasping at his chest.
“If you’re really lucky I’ll let you have some.” That earned me puppy dog eyes. Laughing softly, I flipped it on, letting the machine work it’s magic as Dancer went and thumped his brother hard in the arm.
“Get the fuck outside. Fuck!” He grumbled throwing himself on the couch, his friend laughed shooting me a wink on the way out the door. Giggling I went and found my jeans. After a long hot shower I felt a lot more human. I dressed in the bathroom after hearing someone move about in my bedroom. That’s what I get for not locking the door. Putting some mousse in my hair I scrunched my hair so that when it dried my soft curls wouldn’t frizz.
Stepping out into my room, Dancer was on my bed leaning against the headboard with a cup of coffee in his hand staring at the floor where he had found me, a dark expression on his face, a few spots of my blood still stained the floor. Collecting fresh socks and my boots I leaned against the wall and pulled them on. My ribs protested, Dancer didn’t move as I went to the kitchen. I assumed the boys would be hungry and it was lucky I had plenty of eggs and bacon. 
Turning on a few pans I got to work hearing appreciative moans from outside as the smell of bacon wafted out the door. I felt Dancer in my kitchen move behind me, kissing my shoulder. 
“You didn’t need to do this.” Ignoring him I turned the bacon and set out five plates. I put bread in the toaster and shoed Dancer away. He went outside with his coffee and I heard the boys laughing at him for being banished, then ask whether he managed to snag any bacon. Smiling I buttered the now popped up toast and put more in. Removing the bacon I set it in the oven to keep warm along with the toast. Now I cracked eggs, having enough pan room for six eggs.  Plating up three lots of bacon and toast. The eggs were just finishing as I slid them on the plate.  Gathering some utensils I went outside whistling to get the attention of the other brothers who stood watch out front.
“Breakfast.” I smiled as they ran to get a plate. I elbowed Dancer making him wait until last.
“Hey woman! You were supposed to make me breakfast not these assholes!” He whined.
“Whining? Really Dancer? I’m embarrassed for you!” The boys all laughed as he threw himself dramatically on the chair at the small table setting I had out the front. I went inside and cracked more eggs for Dancer’s and my breakfast. Rummaging through the fridge I found the leftover piece of steak in the fridge and taking the eggs off I threw it on quickly and seasoned it. Giving it a few minutes, I ignored Dancer’s sulking as he refilled his coffee. 
Serving up steak, bacon and eggs with toast on one plate and just bacon, eggs and toast on the other plate I went to quickly pour myself a coffee, then realised the pot was empty.
“Assholes!” I cursed, hearing snickering from the front. These walls were too damned thin.
“Man your woman has a sweet ass but a fucking mouth on her.” I heard one say around a mouthful of food. 
“Yep and she has deadly knee too so don’t fucking talk about her like that.” Dancer grumbled. I bit my lip then winced trying not to giggle but hurting my lip in the process. Grabbing more cutlery I walked out the front.
“You still angry I kicked you in the balls last night? And which of you assholes drank all my coffee?” They all looked away then quickly looked back at Dancer.
“Wait, wait, wait. Your woman kicked you in the balls last night? Fuck me, wait til the boys hear about this. So Emily when can you come over to the club house?”
“Yeah really not my scene. I’d like to point out for the record if he didn’t try to tie me to the bed, I wouldn’t needed to have kick him in the balls.”
“It was a knee.” I placed the bacon and eggs down at him and smirked. Scoffing he reached out and pulled the one with steak toward him also, then me onto his lap. Kissing my cheek he picked up a piece of bacon from my plate and grinned. I slapped his hand and switched the plates again. I had no intention of eating the steak, that was a little too much for me in the morning.
Shrugging he stabbed the steak and put it on his plate then stole another piece of bacon from my plate and kissed my cheek again.
“Made your coffee.”
“Uh huh.” I said starting to move so we could eat before it got cold. I was pulled back down roughly into his lap. The boys thought this was hilarious and proceeded to laugh. I winced in pain at being jolted around.
“Give up Emily, I’m pretty sure if it means you don’t come near any of us he’ll find a way to eat around you.” Rolling my eyes I looked over at him.
“Want me to cut your steak for you and make it easier?” My sarcasm was completely wasted on him.
“Actually that’d be fantastic, thanks babe.” Just wanting out of this situation I cut it up for him and fed him a piece. He groaned when it hit his mouth.
“Fuck woman that’s good.” Picking up his fork he started to devour his food like a man possessed- still stealing my bacon. Jackass. Taking a sip of coffee, I frowned at the fact it was exactly how I liked it. With a dash of milk and half a sugar.
“So Dancer used to drink his coffee black and sweet. Then all of a sudden near on year and a half ago, maybe two years he starts drinking it with milk and a half teaspoon of sugar. Funny how you seem to like it the same.” I looked over at the sergeant with a frown, seeing his knowing smile as he watched Dancer, who had stilled. It brought a memory of me coming home from various times I had come back from surfing and gone inside to make a coffee, I had brought it outside then gone back in to answer my phone or do something, when I came out my cup was gone and I thought I was going crazy wondering whether I had even poured one. After the fourth time I was running out of mugs, I thought I was seriously losing the plot.
A small smile touched my lips as I realised what happened to all my coffees. I had been careful since then to take my mug everywhere I went. Dancer realising I figured out his game shrugged and kept eating. I got through my eggs, bacon and left a piece of toast on my plate. Dancer snatched that up too.
“Damn do all you boys eat like him?” I asked thinking about the amount of food he consumed. The prospect of the group laughed.
“Nah. Never seen anyone eat food like VP here. Crazy shit huh?” Slowly I turned to look at Dancer’s cut, sure enough ‘Vice President’ was stitched on a patch and sewn on. Gritting my teeth I stood, smiling tightly and gathering plates.
“Emily, you didn’t realise he was our VP?” I shook my head, my hair falling to cover my face. I tried to control the shake in my hands as I collected the plates.
“No she’s not into the whole scene I told you. I lose the cut when I… visit.”  Anger boiled over at his implied statement.
“You’re all ‘brothers’ right? No lies?”
“Babe-“
“Why don’t you tell them all the truth Dancer. Fact is, I didn’t speak two words to him until a few days ago, let alone even glance across the damned yard at him. So there were no ‘visits’ as he calls them. He did see fit to break into my house and sleep in my bed the day after I had a short conversation with him finally though.”
“I didn’t break in- Tigger let me in.” he growled, clearly pissed at being outed.
“Because you had them all convinced I’m your old lady. Then the jackass turns up to where I surf and takes out a guy who’s been pestering me for a date, which was only yesterday, then I come home and get jumped by another MC.  So his ‘visit’ would have been him scrapping my wet naked ass off the damned floor after I got the shit kicked out of me when I was dragged out of my shower.” I stood toe to toe with Dancer, who was now looking furious at being outed. The Sargent snorted.
“And you wonder why she kicked you in the balls.” 
“Well if that fuckwit hadn’t tried to touch you he wouldn’t have been short of breath.” He growled.
“You don’t get to decide who touches me.” I snapped.
“Ah Emily. Sweetheart, seeing as you two don’t know each other as well as we originally thought we may need to warn you Dancer here has a temper.” Dancer just yelled over him.
“How did you think all your previous dates up and disappeared?” I’d only had two dates over the last two years and both were no shows. Even the few male colleagues that were supposed to drop things by for work purposes, never showed up and couldn’t give me a reason why. But I didn’t expect that a man I had never even spoken to would sabotage that.
“Are you fucking serious?” Dropping the plates on the floor I turned and walked inside, Dancer being stopped by his brothers. I slammed and locked the door, grabbing my keys and work bag, I headed out the door adjoining the kitchen and garage. Pulling off the dustcover, I ran my hand over the handles of my Ducati before painfully lifting my leg over the seat to sit down. As I heard banging on my front door and Dancer yelling for me to get my ass out the front I started it up and opened the garage door.
“What the fuck?” Dancer stood on my front porch leaning over to look into my garage. As soon as the door was open enough I took off out of the garage and around onto the street. Pausing I pressed the button to lower the door. I saw the men jump on their bikes and start them, smiling indulgently at them I took off down the street. They didn’t have a hope of catching up unless they knew where I worked, which they wouldn’t as I didn’t work under the name Emily Robinson.
As I flew down the streets I’d come to know so well, I realised I took my bike out. What the fuck was I thinking? Damn it now I had to store it somewhere safe. If they saw it and came to take a good look then they’d know in an instant where I got it and potentially who I was. Not happening. Taking a detour I stopped past Courtney’s place. I met her at a club when I came first looking for work, she was a dancer / stripper/ singer and she loved every second of her spotlight. I admired her courage.
“Courtney? Honey it’s Emily.” I called out after storing my bike in her garage. She knew nothing of the biker way of life and so my bike shouldn’t draw any clues. Regardless I covered it up with a painting drop sheet.  The side door flung open and out staggered Courtney, complete with panties and not much else.
“Beautiful raccoon eyes Court.” I smiled, I was more than used to seeing her this way we had lived together briefly until I had found my own place.
“At least mine wash off. What the fuck happened to you? You look like you’ve been hit by a fucking train. Ouch!”
“Not a train, you know I live next to a biker right? Well seems he has a major crush and two bikers from a rival club came to beat the shit out of me to send him a lesson. So anyway can I borrow your car? I’ll have it back before you need to go to work.”
“You only just figured out he’s wants in your panties? Why can’t you take your bike?” She asked pointing over to where it stood.
“You know why. If anyone sees it, then I’m screwed. I have to work today babe. You owe me.” I reminded her for all her shifts I had covered at the clubs she worked. I drew the line at stripping, I didn’t have that much confidence, but when we lived together she had taught me all her routines for fun, so now when she was stuck I was called in to replace, actually it was when any girl needed a backup. It was secretly very thrilling to be up there and have fifty plus men drooling on you and the same number in women wanting to be you. I could see why Courtney did it night after night.
Right now she huffed and groaned holding her head. Staggering back inside she grabbed a glass of water and swallowed some pain pills. Grabbing the bottle she held them out to me.
“Want some?” She smirked and I grabbed them with my own glass of water and swallowed some down.
“Meh take ‘em I got more and you look like you’ll need ‘em.” Kissing her cheek I grabbed her keys off the counter too.
“Thanks babe. I’d say I owe you one but that’s simply not true.” I giggled batting my bruised eyes.
“Fuck off, come back early we’ll have a mojito before I take off. Love ya.”
“Sleep tight princess.” I laughed as I walked out to her sleek bright yellow corvette. It made the drive to work so much more fun. Maybe when my business skyrocketed, I could afford something nice like this. As it was for the moment all of my money was sunk into my IT business, I had plenty of secret cash stashed away for a rainy day or emergency though. I dealt with information. Not entirely legal on all fronts, But we would perform background checks, very thorough background checks and we were paid according to the information we dug up. For the moment we had some very lucrative deals in the works.

Chapter 7

Walking into my office I smiled at the secretary who was on the phone, but didn’t miss her gasp at my appearance. I continued down the corridor to my office, ignoring the staff as I went. I was very standoffish but they had figured out by now they couldn’t fuck around with me and I scared the shit out of most of them. They had all tried to hack me of course. Tried to find something, but I was a ghost. Untraceable. Sitting down gently my assistant walked in with my morning coffee and swore.
“Fuck girl, cut him loose and move on.”
“Oh honey if I were fucking the man it would be the least of our problems. Hit me with it.” I hated Mondays.
“Actually it’s all good. These two have given the go ahead with the contracts we sent over and provided a list to get started on. Still waiting on the others, but at least we make rent and payroll. I’m really glad cos it wouldn’t be the same in this office without me.” Smiling I opened the contracts to see for myself and they were indeed signed off.
“Well you know what to do. Why are you still in here?”
“Sweetheart you cannot walk into this office looking like that and not want the staff freaking out that this was due to something you dug up on the wrong person.”
“Huh. Fine.” Wincing as I got back up and walked halfway down the hall. “Okay folks office memo. My stunning appearance has nothing to do with work but rather a jackass neighbour bringing his shit to my doorstep. Thankyou and Merry Christmas.” I said sarcastically at my assistant who grinned manically at me.
“Is he a hottie?”
“Who?” I asked playing dumb.  I flipped on my computer and typed in my password.
“Your neighbour.”
“Oh he’s a big bad biker.” I said with the best bored tone I could muster.
“You forgot to mention. Is he hot?” Ignoring him I kept my face blank and went through my emails. 
“Angelina Bradford you cannot hold out on me.” He only called me Angelina when he wanted to get a rise out of me, normally he too called me Emily and when others asked I said it was my middle name. However Angelina Bradford was the name I worked under.
“If I tell you will you leave me to work and only come back with more coffee?”
“Scout’s honour.”
“Oh Anthony I doubt you were ever a boy scout. Fine. Yes he’s smokin’. Happy?” 
“I’m coming for a visit! I want to see for myself.” He said gleefully clapping his hands
“Ha, you can try. You missed him at my party. He’s a little bit crazy. Actually he’s bat shit crazy. Now get out I have a tonne of work to plough through.” He left my office and I immediately went back to checking my emails. I needed to know more about what I was dealing with. Standing up I went and closed my door. The universal sign not to bother me.
Running through every known avenue without resorting to hacking I pulled up all information on the Reapers. Which wasn’t as much as I’d like. Taking a breath, I did what I ordered all my staff not to do. I hacked into the local PD. This returned much quicker results. The second I had the information I hacked out and printed the information. I sat staring at the faces of this new MC that had invaded my life. Their rap sheets weren’t nearly as long as Death’s Angels. 
Dancer grinned in his mug shot making me smile. He got done for assault just a year and a half ago. I read through and froze. The person who had laid charges was Bradley Hoskin, one of the very few dates I had arranged. Rubbing my temples I took all the pages and started a file. I read through each one and, recognising the faces of those who had been there last night. Oh course there was William ‘Dancer’ Muller. Then the Sgt Donny ‘Mad Dog’ Simpson,  Lucas ‘Killer’ Stevens and nothing on the prospect yet. 
Closing the file I realised it was after three pm. Going over my emails again I shut it all down to get Courtney’s car back in time for a quick mojito before she left for work. I left the file on my desk and locked my doors and shut off the lights. I headed out and climbed back into the corvette. The drive to Courtney’s didn’t take long and I was sad to let her car go.
“Wipe the seat down if you creamed all over it.” She called out from her front porch.  Laughing I threw the keys at her and kissed her cheek on the way past, stealing her mojito.
“Hey! That was mine!” She called. Thankfully now she was dressed and her makeup immaculate.
“Damn I miss these things.”
“So come out with me tonight?” 
“Mondays are slow babe.” I said frowning.
“Yeah but I know you don’t wanna rush home and your bruised to fuck so come have a night with me and at least get rip roaring drunk before you go home.” I pondered over it while finishing her drink, she was right I had no desire to run into Dancer just yet. 
“Fuck it I’m in.” She held two fresh full glasses and we clinked. Sitting outside on her porch I caught her up on all the latest on Dancer. 
“Man he has it bad huh?”
“Ya think? He steals my coffee. Who the fuck does that? He scares everyone away from my house? It’ like he’s tattooed on my head Property of Dancer, but I had never even spoken to the guy. Oh and that date you set up for me last year? Brad? Charged Dancer with assault! I didn’t even know he turned up! I mean seriously what the fuck!” Courtney was giggling uncontrollably.
“Oh my God stop stop. This is gold. Some big bad biker boy is that pussy whipped and he hasn’t even gotten any of that! That’s just fucking gold.”
“Shut up it’s not funny! You’d wouldn’t be laughing if you were in my place Court.”
“No I would have screwed his brains out and got it out of his system. I am no one man woman.”
“Ain’t that the truth!” We both burst out laughing. I missed this, it felt like forever since I had caught up with my girl. I only let myself have Courtney as a true friend. She didn’t know all of my history and she didn’t push to know. She too knew my name was Emily or Angelina, but she was cool with it all.
“Okay okay we gotta head out I gotta get ready.” Our laughter calmed down as we organised a taxi and piled her makeup in her bag to go. A cab pulled up honking it’s horn. After locking up we went to the lounge she started her night at. It was burlesque. Always made me laugh that she did this. Apparently this was just for fun. We went out back and she sat as I did her makeup. She’d had two more drinks than me and her hands would be no good. After I was done she always looked completely different. Gone were the freckles by day. Her eyes literally popped and her mouth bright fire engine red. Next I started curling her hair into tight spirals. 
“Fuck you always do it better than me. Okay three numbers here then onto the next one Okay?”
“Sorry all I heard was three mojitos then the next club?” I grinned and she giggled clapping her hands gleefully.
“Hey Emily!” I turned to see Brian the owner strolling over. “Well fuck you definitely aren’t here to dance.”
“Sorry B. Shitty neighbour with shitty acquaintances.” He nodded thoughtfully.
“You’re welcome to stay with me.” He waggled his eyebrows and I laughed.
“Yeah, you know I think I’m good. I can always stay with Courtney, my hangover cures are to die for.” I winked and turned back to my task.
“Mojito’s!” Courtney squealed drumming her hands on the table in front of her. Brian scoffed.
“And have you fall off the stage like Emily last time? I don’t think so. Mojito Emily?” I laughed hard at Courtney’s expression as she let go a full blown pout.
“Mojito Emily?” he repeated grinning.
“Fuck yes!” I called hearing him laugh as he walked away. I giggled at Courtney’s continued pout.
“I’ve been trying to get in that man’s pants for a year Emily. You can do it effortlessly.”
“Well baby if you weren’t such a slut you’d get there.” I made kissy faces in the mirror making her giggle.
“I can’t help it that I like cock.” We both laughed as Brian came up behind me lifting a glass over my shoulder. He kissed my shoulder just like Dancer did and I froze. Courtney’s laugh died and I saw her blush. I put the mojito in front of her and dipped my shoulder away from Brian’s mouth.
“B we both know that’s never gonna happen baby. No offense but I’d do Courtney before…” I blushed and gestured down to his pants before looking at him. He stared at me stunned.
“You like girls?” My blush deepened at my lie, but he thought it was embarrassment.
“Well not just any girl. My girl.” I winked at Courtney who released her held breath. She stood up and slung her arm around my waist, squeezing gently. I turned and kissed her on the mouth. We’d done it plenty of times before as a cock tease at her other places, it earned her more bucks. I stuck to my lesbian story at all of them.
“Fuck me. Any time you girls want extra meat in that, call. I’m totally there.” I felt Courtney’s tongue flicker to my lip and lick, I pretended to moan a little. We heard Brian groan and stagger back. I pulled away hearing Courtney giggle. By the time he left we were both laughing as I was gently wiping away her lipstick from my face. Sitting her back down I fixed her smudges and finished her hair.
It was showtime. Now because I’m so good to her we shared the mojito between us. Usually when it was a busy night and I hung around like tonight I’d help in the bar, but as it was Monday I thought it would be quiet. Wrong! I quickly jumped in waving off questions about the boot mark on my chest and the black eyes. I made a little show of making cocktails with the shaker and shakin my ass to the music. The mojitos were dulling the pain.

Chapter 8
By the time Courtney had finished her acts the club was thriving, but we had to go to the next club on her list. Club X was the stripper club that she adored and I was a little sketchy about. But I followed along and before she started we did a few shots, by now I had a good buzz going. The men took one look at me and thought it would be better to keep their distance. I agreed and drank while watching my friend perform.
Now most people would find it strange that I was friends with such an outgoing woman. But I thought we made a great pair, she was the spunk and I was the attitude. I also wasn’t entirely sure how many real female friends Courtney had, most kept their distance and others tried to accuse her of fucking their man. But see that wasn’t Courtney. She steered clear of men she knew were in relationships or married. There were plenty of men who were single and happy to have a no strings affair. 
I worried about Courtney, she was, underneath her spunky exterior, fragile in a way. She mostly just wanted friends and thought sex was the best way to attain it. She grinned at me as she twirled around a pole and I shook my head smiling. I felt warmth at my back and knew there was someone behind me. I tensed and turned in my chair, relaxing immediately when I saw Tigger. 
“Hey Tigg!” He looked very uncomfortable shuffling from one foot to the other.
“Hey Em. Uh does Dancer know where you are?”
“Sweetheart take a seat and get a drink. Dancer does not own my ass and no he probably has no idea where I am. Now you can pick your phone up and call but I can guarantee that if you do by the time you hit send I’ll have knocked you on your ass and be out of the door. So… whisky?” I said with a grin. He debated for a moment before replying.
“It could mean my ‘prospects’ patch Emily.” He said quietly.
“No it won’t because this is how it’s gonna play. I’m out with my friend tonight she’s up on stage. I’m gonna get rip roaring drunk and I’m happy for you to tag along. This way you can say I threatened to leave you, but I didn’t cos you didn’t make that call. Put it all back on me baby. What’s he really gonna do? Give him the choices back to him. You call I go. You don’t call, you stay and you can vouch that no one touches me and you’ve kept me ‘safe’. We cool?” He pondered again before slumping in his chair.
“Yeah we cool. But you owe me dinner every time I’m on patrol at your place.”
“Yeah Tigg, no problem.” I poured him a drink and we shot down the whisky. He gave me a weird kind of smile and shook his head.
“You aren’t what I expected Emily. You’re kinda cool.”
“She’s not kinda cool baby doll. My girl is the shit. Introduce yourself or be gone.” Courtney said as she trotted over. I slapped her on the ass making her giggle. Tigg blushed bright red at her skimpy attire and looked away. Next he thought the better of it and poured himself another shot. Courtney snatched it away and gulped it down.
“Court, he’s cool. This is Tigg. He’s a club prospect. He’s gonna be on Dancer’s shit list for a while but we have ourselves a deal.” I winked at Tigg who nearly choked as Courtney made herself at home on his lap. “Tigger this is Courtney and she’s very… friendly.” The alcohol was buzzing through me now and I found Tigger absolutely hysterical. 
“Fuck do we need to cut her off?” He asked Courtney who shook her head vehemently.
“Please the bitch will still be going after you or I can barely walk. She’s had a rough few days let her be. I got her back.” Tigg shrugged and repositioned Courtney on his lap.  “Okay darling I’m up in two minutes then we’re out of this and onto the last and very best of them all.” I raised my shot in salute and she clinked with me.  Down the hatch and Courtney disappeared.
“So Emily… Where you been all day?”
“Work Tigg. I do that too ya know?” He wiped his palms down his jeans in a nervous gesture.
“And where do you work?” He asked and flinched, I laughed.
“Oh honey, I might be drunk and plan to get a whole lot drunker, but drunk or not my lips are sealed. I like my life private and I will keep it that way. Besides I don’t need Dancer sending shadows every time I go somewhere.” I wolf whistled as Courtney came back out on stage in a different outfit. She strutted and dipped all over the stage, shaking her ass and bending over in front of the men with front row seats. 
She had cash piling up as she did a bump and grind with another girl. I laughed and clapped as I watched her do her thing.
“You don’t find this a little weird? You don’t get many women in places like this.”
“Nope, Court has been my friend for a while now and if she wants me to tag along I will. Ain’t nothing I haven’t seen before. So Tigg whatcha doin here?” I turned and rested my chin on my palm and fluttered my lashes.
“Uh, well, uh…”
“Spit it out boy.”
“I like Courtney. I didn’t think I’d get to meet her though.”
“Oh that’s soo cute.” I giggled. He blushed again and looked at his phone nervously. “Don’t do it. You would willingly sacrifice weeks of my cooking for one call? Oh the dishes I can make. I make carbonara you’d die for. You know there is another thing I’d like to point out. He doesn’t know you found me. So it’s kind of a don’t ask don’t tell thing. He doesn’t ask, he won’t know and you don’t tell. Simple.”
“I’m a terrible liar.”
“I noticed. You need to work on that. Want a neat little trick? Bite your tongue, or stick a tack in your shoe. Every time someone asks you a question do something to cause yourself a bit of pain and the lies come easier. But don’t ever play poker, you’d suck. And don’t ever lie to me cos I’ll always know.”
“Come on does that really work?”
“Yep, my father loved poker. He taught me and I was terrible. So one day he taught me this and now…. Well let’s just say we won’t ever play poker against each other and you can’t tell my secret.” I burst out laughing at his expression.
“No wonder Dancer is so frustrated I never know when you’re bull shitting or you’re for real.”
“Oh I’m real baby.” I giggled making him smile. “So Tigg, Dancer’s little crush. How long?”
“Uh…”
“Come on you can tell me.”
“Two years or so?”
“I only moved in next to him two years ago?”
“Well that’s from when I guess.”
“Hmm is he always like this with women he deems are his?”
“Emily I’m not confident talking about this.”
“Relax I’ll play the don’t ask don’t tell game too. So?”
“From what I’ve heard Dancer was just like the other guys, club whores no one steady. Then he met you and he’s touched not one single girl since. Well that’s the rumour” I swallowed, blinking hard at that.
“You’re shitting me right?” He shook his head ruefully. 
“Nope I heard from a few other guys. Think it’s unnatural. Teased him about being in the closet this whole time as this woman he speaks of can’t be real, no one had ever seen her. Then us prospects start getting tasks. We rotate watching you. Mostly just make sure everything is all good and no one bothers you. If a guy comes to the house, scare him off before he makes it to the gate.”
“Oh my fucking god.”
“He’s head over heels.” Tigg laughed as I snorted.
“No honey he’s a little crazy. Bat shit crazy. Who does that? I didn’t even speak to him until a few days ago!” The alcohol had loosened his tongue and made him relax.
“Yeah we all heard. He’s copping so much shit from the brothers right now, it’s hilarious!” I forced a laugh out too to keep him relaxed. I changed the subject, turns out that Tigger too was into computers in a big way. I nodded and smiled careful not to give too much away about me. Soon I relaxed and Courtney joined us taking Tigg’s attention away from me. 
We got to the final place for the night which was another strip club, though this new one was for a higher class. Private rooms and so on. I discreetly mentioned this to Tigg who looked over at Courtney and frowned.
“Girls have to make a living too Tigg, we don’t all have men stepping up to the plate to take care of us. Us single girls we have to find work where we can get it.” It kept him quiet and contemplative. Once inside the club I headed to the bar in a darkened corner. Tigg seemed quiet, then would look over, as if he had something to say then went quiet again. After an hour I ordered a jug of mojito, I was denied as this club was too exclusive. Shrugging I ordered two and a beer for Tigg.
“So what is her job then?”
“Courtney? Well the first stop was a lounge bar where she just dances. The second was where we met you, just stripping. This one has a bit of everything. It is where makes Courtney her money. She can take clients into private rooms at her discretion and they pay her for sexual favours or a lap dance. It’s all done in a safe and secure environment, even the private rooms are monitored.”
“So she’s like a whore?” He seemed confused.
“In your world, yes. She doesn’t fuck every man Tigg, rarely if ever. She mostly gives out hand jobs. Only if she really likes the man will she do more. Yet she has a corvette and lives in a pretty nice house in a nice neighbourhood. So don’t judge her.”
“No, I- I wasn’t judging her. Could she quit?”
“And do what? Wait tables? It really doesn’t pay the bills Tigg.”
“What- what if she had a man?” He asked and blushed and I knew it was the alcohol giving him dutch courage. I motioned to the bar tender to rack up three shots of whisky.
“If she had a man, that doted on her. Loved her despite what she’s done, he’d be the luckiest god damned sun of a bitch alive.  She’s loyal, smart, funny and from what I hear a demon in the sack.” I giggle and look at him. “Here drink these.” I waited as Tigg confusedly drunk them. Whispering to the bar tender who smiled and nodded.
“What?” He asked blushing as I watched him.
“Are you ready Tigg?”
“For what?” He asked realising I had done something.
“Room three. Go show her what you can do.” Winking I sat back and closed my eyes swaying to the music and sipping my drink. When I opened them he was still there. “I won’t go anywhere. Promise.” A huge smile broke out on his young face as he disappeared into room three. I laughed and chatted with the barman as I continued sipping mojitos. In hindsight he probably thought he was getting lucky that night. Stupid ass I was busted up.
It was around three in the morning when we finally decided to call it a night. Tigg came back reeking of sex and whisky. I didn’t need to ask what had happened. After we all climbed into the cab it was decided they were dumping my busted ass to continue what they started.  We started telling jokes and funny stories on the way and as the taxi pulled up on my street we gave the order to let Tigg out so Dancer wouldn’t see him. Courtney was telling me how big Tigg’s dick was as we pulled up out the front of my place and I literally crawled laughing from the car at her very fast story of Tigg’s embarrassment.
I had to turn and lay on the grass for a second as the taxi sped away again still laughing as I looked up to a very pissed off Dancer.

Chapter 9
“Hey!” I started laughing hysterically again.
“How much did you drink?” He asked frowning.
“Uh… that would be… a lot!” Oh shit now I had the giggles. “Fuck I don’t think I can get up.”
“I’m not surprised. Come on.” He bent down with a sigh and scooped me up. Even through my drunkenness I held my hand out to stop him.
“I’m still mad at you. I don’t need your help. I can make it on my own.” I slurred.
“Will it hurt if I carry you?”
“Yup.” I hiccupped and started laughing again.  I turned over and started to crawl to my house up the drive. Even that hurt. “Fuck it. I’ll sleep here.” I giggled. My arm was thrown over his shoulder as I was raised off the ground.
“Keys?” I swayed precariously at Dancer’s assistance.
“Oh I think I left them at my friends.” Running my hands over my ass and hip pockets. “Damn it!” I swore sobering slightly. “It’s okay. Put me down I got a spare. But don’t look.” Dancer rolled his eyes impatiently.
“Where is it? You’re going to hurt yourself worse.” I made myself slip out of his arms back down to the floor, my t-shirt slid up and bunched under my bra. Our duplex was on stilts so I crawled to the lattice that hid the bottom of the house and retrieved the key.
“Ta daa!” That earned me a small smile. 
“Come on Indiana Jones. Let’s get you inside. Wait- will you puke?”
“Pul-lease. I hold my liquor better than you!” I laughed and tried to crawl up the stairs unsuccessfully.  “Oh god this hurts too much.” I groaned and was once more eased back up. My house was unlocked and the lights turned on before I closed my eyes and turned my head into Dancer’s shoulder, wincing at the brightness.
“It’s okay baby I’ll turn them off.” Darkness came again and I stumbled toward my bedroom. I sat on the edge of my bed with a groan.
“You stayed out drinking all night because you were angry with me?” His words were quiet but easily heard
“Yep.” I said popping the ‘p’ sound.
“You worried the shit out of me all day Baby.”
“In fairness I did go to work first.” He knelt before me and unzipped my boots, taking them off, the relief in my feet instant. My socks quickly followed, my arms were pushed up as my shirt was pulled gently over my head. I listened to Dancer’s breathing become irregular and choppy. 
“Even bruised to shit you’re fucking beautiful.” He whispered before his mouth caught mine. I felt his tongue flicker against my lip and I opened them to him. I loved the way he made my body feel even if he made my head want to explode. I was eased back to lie against the bed, my legs hanging over. My jeans were unbuckled and inched down my legs, the effort taking so much more as my jeans were so tight.
Dancer eventually let my mouth free as he had to tug them the rest of the way off. I giggled as he grumbled. When they were finally free of my legs He stripped down to his boxer shorts. I’m not sure why he bothered keeping them on, I could see his arousal very clearly. His mouth gently kissed over the bruises on my ribs and over my stomach.  I could feel my panties get very very damp. I’d never met a man that had happened for.
The clasp for my bra was at the front and as his hand travelled toward it he stopped kissing me and watched me, waiting for me to stop him. I should have, but I didn’t. My body was lit up brighter than any Christmas tree or star I had seen. I was burning up and loving it. The fabric from my bra sprung away from my body upon the release of the clasp and I smiled at the pained look on Dancer’s face.  Greedily he bent over my body sucking my left nipple into his mouth. 
Gasping I hadn’t felt the sensation before. My hands reached up and held him there. His hand reached up to caress the other breast and pinch the nipple. Moaning loudly I felt him smile against my skin. His teeth bit the nipple and dragged across it, pulling on it. I squirmed on the bed the movement struck deep down in my pussy and it demanded more. It took all my will power not to pull him on top of me, only because I knew how much it was going to hurt and Dancer was smart enough to keep his weight off me. 
“Fuck you taste so sweet. Best damned sugar rush I’ve ever had.” He murmured as his mouth travelled across to give my other breast attention.
“Dancer-“ I groaned and wiggled when he suddenly stopped. He let go of my breast and gave me the stink eye. His handsome face all screwed up as if I fed him lemons. My giggles escaped and I bit my lip trying to not completely kill the moment. I failed. I wanted to call him Will as he asked, but then everything would become more intimate and there were so many things he didn’t know about me, many I never intended him to.
“If you weren’t hurt, I’d be following through with my spanking proposal.” Flopping back dramatically on the bed. I knew he was peeved but he was still cute with his angry face. Oh I totally saw why people were worried about his temper. I finally stopped laughing and struggled to sit up and get off the bed. I knew I pissed him off and I knew he wanted more with me. I was fucking terrified of that, there was no casual with this man.
“Where are you going now?” He asked watching me with one eye as his face was covered with his arm.
“Bathroom.” I stripped my panties off as I went and heard him groan. Before I remembered the mark.
“Baby what the fuck is that?!” Dancer asked pointing to my backside. Fuck now I remembered why I didn’t do sex.
“A burn.” I said nonchalantly, hoping he would drop it.
“Looks like more than a burn baby, it looks like a br-“
“It’s nothing!” I snapped walking the last few steps quickly. Closing the door I completed my business and turned on the shower. Closing the shower door I hummed approval at the warm water. I felt much more sober already, although I’m not sure whether my body got the memo. I washed my hair with effort, not to hurt my ribs. My pussy was still throbbing demanding a release I had yet to feel in my twenty four years. 
I heard the door open and slid my hand down my body and cupped myself, running my finger along my slit. I let out a small moan as my hand was pulled away.
“Will I need-“ My plea was cut off my a kiss that made my knees weak. I was caught and gently pressed against the cool tile.
“You don’t get to touch this anymore unless I say.” He murmured against my lips, teeth and tongue trailing across my neck to my ear. Whimpering my hand was replaced with his and at the first touch my knees did buckle.
“I don’t touch myself. But tonight I think I need to come.” I whispered looking into his eyes. His widened in surprise as he watched my face for tells of a lie.
“You’ve never had an orgasm?” He seemed both surprised and unsure.
“No.” Suddenly his face split in a shit eating grin.
“Well I guess they really will be all mine.” His grin irritated me a little, I knew at twenty four I had ample opportunity to fix that either myself or with someone, but I just hadn’t. Hesitantly I touched him, making his grin falter.
“And yours?” I said boldly, touching him, dragging my fingers gently up and down his shaft. “Do I get to lay claim on them to?” Applying more pressure I stroked down and felt him tense all over. Groaning loudly, he bent and sucked on my neck, hard. When he didn’t answer I pulled away and dropped my hand. He very quickly placed it back moving my hand up and down showing me how he liked it. He was hard and silky to touch and I loved hearing his groans as I did something he liked. I smiled at my small victory that he came undone so quickly under just my hand. “Will?”
“Baby mine have been all yours since the fucking day you moved in.” Mouths crashed back together as I worked him with my hand. Hands cupped and kneaded my breasts before travelling down to where I had only ever been touched by one man before and I couldn’t recall it ever being pleasant. 
“Can I try something?” I blushed as I asked, but desperately wanting to know what he tasted like. He frowned for a second before nodding. Gently I sank to my knees, he groaned before I even got to the floor.
“Baby if you even touch me with your mouth I’m going to come. Hard.” He warned, he face twisted in a tortured expression. 
“I want to taste you.  But if I do it wrong you have to tell me. Or just tell me what you like.”
“You’ve never given a blowjob before either?” I shook my head, watching precum ooze out of his cock. So I bent forward and licked it off.
“My intro to sex was a very long time ago and not the best experience.” I brushed it off as nothing and he nodded.
“I can pretty much assure you anything you do, I’ll love. But watch the teeth.” Slowly I moved forward and licked from base to tip, swirling my tongue around the top. Swearing he fell back into the wall staring at me with huge eyes.
“Was that wrong? What did I do?” I asked, thinking maybe I had caught him with a tooth or something. He shook his head swallowing.
“It’s been two years baby. Fuck. Slowly or I’ll come before I’m even in your mouth.” Grinning, I noted his half smile too before I repeated the action, slower.  This time when I got to the tip I took him in my mouth as far as I could without gagging. Hands tangled in my hair. “Again.” He was panting and I felt incredibly sexy and feminine, my inner self roaring with pride at what I did to him, I could feel his body trembling under my hands. It was an incredibly heady feeling. Which was odd to me, I thought I would feel dirty or not like his taste, instead this time when I took him in my mouth, I moaned loving the salty taste of him. 
Dancer pushed my hair back from my face as he leaned in a way that allowed him to watch what I was doing. By the third suck he was gently thrusting into my mouth, not forcing it so I would gag. Swallowing I relaxed my mouth and throat finding I could take even more of him. He slid all the way back and I hummed, his grip tightened in my hair, making me wonder if he liked it. I quickly adjusted to the rhythm he set, using my hand to stroke him at the same time, my free hand cupped his balls that were tight with waiting release.
“Fuck baby, I’m not going to last long, pull away if you don’t want me to come in your mouth.” I pulled away gently grazing my teeth over the head of his cock, fast learning how sensitive it was.  He strung a list of curses together and thrust forward again, when he pulled back he paused and I knew he was trying not to come. I pushed forward anyway, licking and giving a little extra suction. “Oh fuck I’m coming baby.” He groaned, pushing forward I continued sucking and licking, surprised at the thick salty liquid shooting against my tongue. 
Swallowing it down I was wondering how much a man could come when it finally stopped. Now slumped against the wall with his eyes closed I gently rose licking my lips. He was fucking delicious and I could definitely see myself doing that to him again and again. When I made it to my feet he pulled me into his chest kissing me. I pulled away covering my mouth.
“But I just-“ Grinning he pulled my hand away and swept his tongue inside my mouth.
“You taste sweet like you but with a little of me added. But now I get to taste you.” He whispered shutting off the water and grabbing a couple of towels, wrapping one over his hips and the other around me. 

Chapter 10
 Bending gently he dried me off, gently rubbing my hair to get the excess off. Bending 
forward I licked the water off the angel wings, then let my tongue wander down to flick against his nipple.
“You taste good.” I grinned as he watched my mouth lick water droplets off him.
“God you’re a fucking tease.” He moved away and walked back into the bedroom. “Lay down on the bed like you were before.” Frowning I complied, not quite sure what he planned to do. If it made him touch me though I was all in, I ached. Slowly I eased back breathing through the pain in my middle. When he had me where he wanted me his trailed his fingers from my breast bone down.
I swallowed hard, my breathing erratic and my heart pounding. Will stopped at my panty line would have been and trailed across from hip bone to hip bone. Closing my eyes I concentrated on breathing.
“Eyes to me baby. Has anyone kissed you here?” His words were gentler than I expected from a biker. Like he was trying not to scare me off using words he normally would have. Opening my eyes I looked at him under hooded lids.
“You mean has anyone tongued my pussy before?” I asked with a grin, my voice was low and husky showing just how turned on I was. His face was tense, his jaw ticking as he waited for my response. I shook my head.
“How much have you done?” He asked with a frown. My smile slipped and he frowned.
“Just the sex. No kissing, no touching.” Jerking back he looked at me.
“Baby were you raped?” His voice was tortured as he watched me. Putting my poker face in place I looked at him.
“If I tell you the truth will you go home?”
“No baby no I wouldn’t. I need to know, so I don’t do anything that would scare or hurt you. I plan to be with you for a very very long time. Like as long as you’ll have me, but I never want to hurt you and I never want to do something that might scare you either. We can go as slow as you want.” I watched him considering. My brain waged a battle as to what to tell him and how much. So far it was evident that I had been raped, but not to the extent of what had been done to me.
“Yes.” I said quietly and closed my eyes. A tear slipped from my eye and I wiped it away shocked. I hadn’t cried. Not once since it happened. I cried for other reasons now. I felt the anger come off him in waves as he sank on his knees to the floor.
“How long ago?” He asked furious.
“Will it really doesn’t matter. It was a long time ago.” I said struggling to sit up and wiping the tears away angrily. I couldn’t make them stop. What the fuck had he done to me? Was I broken somehow? I couldn’t even control my own body? I started to panic.
“How long ago?” He asked again balling his hands into fists and pressing them into the floor. I finally sat up and shifted back against the headboard.
“Ten years.” I said absently, finally wiping away the last of the tears. His eyes shot to mine shock and anger now flowing through his body.
“That would have made you…” He was trying to calculate but I don’t think he knew how old I was.
“Fourteen.” I said in a matter of fact tone, poker face back in place and I tried for a bored posture.
“Fourteen?” He whispered staring at me like I was an alien with two heads. He was panting, near hyperventilating.
“You need to go now. I was wrong I can’t do this. I’m really sorry Dancer, but I come with a boatload of baggage and I never intended anyone to help me pick it up. I’m fine on my own. Please go.”
“No.” His voice was tight and hushed showing just how angry he was. “Who was it? Do you know?” I was starting to lose my patience now. He had no right to ask me these questions, I’d asked him to leave.
“Yes I know who it was. I know when, I know where, I know the repeated hows and I know why. None of it matters. I asked nicely Dancer, Please leave.” I stood and threw on a tank and panties. I was well and truly sober now. I didn’t stagger, I didn’t slur, I felt as angry as he was and right now I needed to be alone. I walked to my front door and stood waiting with it opened wide. I saw three different bikes out front than those here this morning.
“Emily? You okay?” My eyes flickered to one of Dancer’s brothers who sat on the far side of my porch. From memory his name was Stamps. 
“I’m fine Stamps. Dancer’s just leaving.” With that Dancer came out of my room redressed in his clothes, he stopped in front of me waiting for me to make eye contact. I made none. I looked straight at his chest and grit my teeth. I heard his sigh and closed my eyes. He kissed the top of my head as he stepped out the door I slammed it and bolted the locks. My back hit the door and I slid down, letting as many tears fall as they wanted. Sobs racked my body as I sat on the floor. Soft taps sounded down near my ear.
“Baby let me back in.” I struggled to stand up then walked to the kitchen. Just sniffling I took some anti-inflammatories with two glasses of water. I could hear Stamp yell at Dancer to leave me be and asked him if he had ever had a normal conversation with me that didn’t involve me getting angry. God he made me sound like a bitch. I didn’t catch all of Dancer’s remarks but I caught the fuck you.
 Next I made myself a sandwich with ham and salad.  I made a pot of coffee too, while running the sink to do the breakfast dishes from yesterday. Looking at the clock it was now almost five. If I went to sleep I would only wake up in an hour again due to my stupid internal body clock so I didn’t bother. Instead I did my laundry and cleaned my house. I welcomed the pain that made me forget to think as I scrubbed, vacuumed and mopped every surface of my house. 


Chapter 11
By seven my washing was in the dryer and my house sparkled.  Walking into my room to get dressed for the day I looked at the bed. Walking over I stripped the sheets off, the quilt cover and pillow cases and threw them all in the wash. I remade my bed in no time wondering if my pillows would still have Dancer’s scent.
I re-showered, brushed my teeth and looked at myself in the mirror. My eyes were back to their normal shape but still purple.  Trying some concealer I covered up the bruising under my eyes and around my cheeks and nose. I gently added eyeliner and left the purple above my eye as if it were eye shadow. It didn’t work so I used copious amounts of concealer in them too.  I finished my makeup and frowned at my reflection to the outside world I was just done up and ready for work. 
To me I could see the bags under my eyes from lack of sleep and the dull look that reflected back at me. Walking into my bedroom I collected a pair of tight dark blue jeans, pulled on a faded dark gray tank top with thick straps and tucked it in. Adding a chunky spiky belt I pulled on my black boots and went to fix my hair. I braided it back today and added some thick silver bangles, large hoop earrings and a thin chain with a cross on it. I gave a wry smile that you could take the girl out of the MC but never the MC out of the girl.
Collecting my spare car and house keys I made a note to stop past Courtney’s on my way home and get my wallet and keys. For now I had enough cash and spare keys to get me through the day. Walking outside I locked my house and turned to see Stamps in the same location I had seen him in.
“Where you going?” he asked politely eyes my attire.
“To work. It’s a Tuesday.” He nodded in understanding.
“Well one of the boys will accompany you.”
“I don’t think so.” He shrugged like he didn’t care either way.
“See the thing is Emily. You have our VP tied up in knots. No one has seen him act this way before, he functions better when he keeps a cool head. Fuck I’ve never seen anyone as love sick as he is. Makin a damned ass of himself.”
“Ya think?” I said sarcastically and earned a smile.
“I also know you didn’t ask for this. Any of it. But neither did he. I’m sure if he could turn it off he would. Now he didn’t tell me anything about what happened between you two last night and I don’t need to know. For some reason he has a desperate need to keep you safe. So far it seems we’ve done a piss poor job of that. All he’s asking at this point is peace of mind that you are just that. Safe.” I nodded in understanding but still unable to help him without giving more of myself away.
“I have a past Stamps. One I am not ready to share. So I’ll make you a deal. Give me your phone. I’m sure it has Dancer’s and every other brother’s number on here correct?” He nodded slowly. “Okay so if I get in a position where I need help or protection I’ll call Dancer, if not him I’ll keep calling until I get someone else.” His shoulders slumped in defeat.
“Emily, what happens if you get in a position where we can’t get to you in time?”
“Then despite a tag along you would already be too late. Stamps I’ve been looking after myself, successfully might I add, for the past nine years without a hiccup. In walks your MC into my life and here I am with broken ribs and a busted face. All within a few days of saying hello. So I appreciate the guilt trip y’all must be on, but cut a girl some slack. I’m going to work. Send someone I’ll make sure to lose them before I get half way there. This is my only deal. If you feel the need to run it by your VP, feel free but excuse me I have places to be that don’t involve the MC and don’t need to be tainted by it. Excuse me.” I said walking to my car. It was then I remembered I had a flat, but that had been fixed now, My guess was Dancer.
“Emily?” I turned my temper rising. Stamps threw me his cell phone. “Make it back in one piece or I can honestly say it’ll be my head.”
“Stamps. I apologize in advance for doing this.” I turned the phone over which was just a prepaid cheap flip phone you can buy just about anywhere. Opening it up I took out a chip I knew was for a GPS tracking system. I placed it on the ground and stomped on it grinding it into the concrete of my driveway. He flinched.
“Damn I get it now. I mean hey you’re beautiful, but you’re smart.” He grinned good naturedly. Snorting I unlocked my car and started it. I also noted how smooth it started again. Someone was tinkering with my car. Getting back out, I remembered how Dancer had found me at the beach. Laying down I shimmied under the car and found another tracker. Ripping it off I came back out and threw it at Stamps head. “Oh that’s not playing fair.” He chuckled.
“All fair in love and war.” I winked and climbed back into my car. I pulled out of the driveway, as Dancer shot out of his house in just a pair of jeans. Shaking my head I took off in the direction of work, I was about three streets away when I saw a bike behind me. Swearing I pulled over and waited for the bike to get closer when I realised it was Dancer, still without a shirt. Pulling back out onto the road I made sure I got in busy lanes of traffic, knowing he could just ride between the cars, but when I’d almost reached work he seemed to give up. Honestly, I felt a twinge of disappointment. An incoming text message pinged on Stamps phone. Looking over I noted he had several. I waited until I got to work to read them.

Chapter 12
Offering my usual sunny disposition I waved half-heartedly to the receptionist and was given a small handful of messages. I read them on the way to my office, waving without looking to my staff. 
“Good Morning Sunshine, Courtney messaged and said you’d need a lil something extra in your coffee today, so I left it in your top drawer.” Anthony stage whispered, After the alcohol I had consumed last night I sure as shit shouldn’t have been up to driving yet. I smiled as I read that one of my clients requested an urgent meeting with me. I handed it over.
“No I don’t but thanks. Set this up I can meet with them today, I need a time and location. Specifics if possible. Don’t send me in blind again, I hate when you do that. The contract with Williams and Berg needs adjustments, call and see what they require. Get back to me. Where’s my file?” I asked looking to my desk and where the file of Reapers MC was yesterday.
“Oh you mean that highly illegal file of motorcycle riders that all happen to be a part of Reapers MC? Oh! That’s in your bottom drawer. You can’t leave that lying around. If the staff got wind of you hacking, they would bust that company policy to hell and back.” I sighed with relief as I opened my drawer and saw that it indeed was in my bottom drawer.
“Thanks Anthony. What else?” Throwing the other unimportant messages down on my desk I pondered over his hovering.
“Oh sweetheart don’t hold out on. Which one is he?”
“You didn’t figure it out? I’m ashamed to call you an assistant to an information seeker such as myself. Well remember last year Courtney set me up on that date with Brad? Okay well here’s the file, drool away, over in that corner after you make those calls and do your actual work.” 
Pouting Anthony wondered off to do as he was told and I heard another beep for an incoming message. Five missed calls and three messages… I decided to have a little fun at Stamps behest.
Holly- coming over tonight big boy?
Me- Hey there sweet thing. Sorry got me a hot date tonight and baby it isn’t you.
Holly- Fuck you Stamps you have a small dick anyway.

I burst out laughing. Wiping the tears away I added…
Me- Lose my number

Moving on we had
Rebecca- Hey Stamps, free for lunch?
I left that one alone for the minute, seemed a bit innocent. Next

Vanessa- Hey baby I need me some cock. Get. Here. Now.
Me- Have some self-respect woman I’m not a man whore. I’ll be there at five right after I meet with Holly.
Vanessa- That whore? Don’t bother. 

Sylvie- Hey Stamps Dancer wants you to do a little recon. You keen? On an Emily Robinson?
Me- Tell Dancer to do his own fucking dirty work. What does he want to know?
Sylvie- I’m with him now and he says you’re on his shit list so you’ll do it. He wants everything and anything he can get.
Me- Sylvie what’s your full name?
Sylvie- ?? Sylvia Prunster. You know this?
My hands shook as I typed in her name into my database. Photos came up with a variety of women with the same name. All I had to go on was her name, so I asked.
Me- Date of Birth?
Sylvie- You’re being weird Stamps. We all know I’m the baby at twenty two. Funny haha. Just get the info. She’s twenty four.

This narrowed down my search. The Sylvia I found was fucking stunning. Dark brown hair, dark brown eyes to match and olive skin. Full lips and her record was clean. My hands were shaking as I pulled up her photo one more time. Opening the phone again I snapped a picture of her and sent it to Dancer with a message
Me- So this is the Sylvia Prunster aka Sylvie that you have organising Stamps to get information on an Emily Robinson. I found a pile of information on Sylvie for you. Name, age, social security information, I can tell you how much money she has in her bank. I even know her passwords. I have complete access to her email and I can tell you her online shopping habits. I can hack into her computer and tell you the last website she visited.  Here’s what you will find out about Emily Robinson if you feel the need to look. She’s twenty six and she lives next door to you. No known relatives, no social security no bank accounts. She’s a ghost. Good luck with your search. <3 Emily
I sent the message realising it was long winded and not caring. After two minutes the phone started to vibrate. I dropped it on the desk when I saw Dancer’s name come up. Anthony chose that moment to come in and frowned at my vibrating desk. He started clapping enthusiastically.
“Oh you’ve finally joined the technology revolution! But sweetheart that’s a really outdated model. Even you can do better than that! Well aren’t you going to answer it?” I shook my head passing it to him.
“No you can and if he asks for me I’m in meetings. All day. Tell him you can pass me a message if it’s important.  If he asks who you are be very vague Anthony first name no last and no more information. Not about you or me. They have their own way of getting information and I’d rather you stay in one piece.” His eyes widened as he nodded.
“Hello?” He said with a confused tone. Winking at me he took a breath, cracked his neck and sat down at my desk twiddling a pen. “Who am I? Well I’m Anthony. No just Anthony. Can I ask who this is? Actually never mind I forgot about caller ID Mr Dancer. Yes this is Emily’s phone, she is in meetings today and just in another office.  Sorry I don’t know anyone called Stamps. Can I take a message?” I sat grinning at Anthony. This was why I hired him he was a pro at dealing with people when I was- not. There was a slight pause before he continued.
“Of course she works in an office? Where else would she work? Yes I realise she doesn’t dress in a suit and yet she works in an office. No I don’t think you would be interested in her line of work. We are kind of word of mouth. Vague? Am I? Interesting, I wonder why that is? Well I can say I am her very own personal assistant and I know she isn’t currently seeing anyone so now that just couldn’t possibly be true.  So we are very busy today Mr Dancer, will you leave a message. Lunch? Miss Robinson doesn’t take lunch breaks Mr Dancer, so I’ll just tell her you called and if she has five minutes between her meetings I’ll get her to return your call.
You don’t think she will? Well that’s not very reassuring you just told me you were together. How did she seem before her meeting?” He looked at me and I frowned. “Annoyed Mr Dancer. Very annoyed. I’ll tell her you called goodbye.” He pressed end and snapped the phone shut grinning at me.
“Was he pissed?”
“No he was, kind of at first. Said we are the masters of being evasive. I like that, Mr Mysterious! Then toward the end he just kind of sounded flat. Defeated maybe?”
“Okay back to business.”
“Well I didn’t totally lie, Buchanan’s are on their way here for the meeting now. He had a spare hour. He wants coffee so he’ll be here in maybe another ten minutes and he has a list he wants to discuss with you and couldn’t or rather wouldn’t give me any more information than that.” Nodding I picked up the phone and placed it in my back pocket. 
“Okay can you go through my emails? Flag what needs my attention respond to what you can and I’ll be back after an hour I guess. Oh return the calls for me that are on my desk, they aren’t urgent but I don’t like to ignore people.”
“Except Mr Dancer?”
“He wanted to do a background check on me.” Was all I had to say when he mouthed an ‘o’ shape.
“So give him the company profile?”
“No he wants everything. I’ll do one later after Buchanan.”
“Angelina!” Paul Buchanan strode toward me with a wide grin. He was thirty two, wealthy and extremely successful businessman. He dealt with stocks and bought businesses before selling them off. He was a demon to work for but my best client.
“Paul.” I smiled as he kissed my cheek.
“You look like shit. What happened?” I smiled wryly.
“My neighbour.” He stepped back shocked.
“Your neighbour beat you?” I shook my head.
“No some of his… acquaintances.”
“What’s being done about this?” I hooked my arm in his and lead the way to the front door. I smiled up at him and winked.
“Paul you know what I do for a living. You are also one of the very few who encourage me to bend the law. However I will attain the information and hand it over to the proper authorities. Let’s do coffee. I think today I’m going to need it.” Outside in the sunshine we slipped into a sleek black town car. Thankfully all conversation waited until we reached a small coffee shop, sitting outside in the sun. The silence was comfortable.
“How about staying at one of my hotels for a few days. On me of course. Or I have numerous apartments.” I knew his offer was genuine and although I knew he wouldn’t expect payment or favours in return, I also knew he be wanting it. Yes Paul Buchanan was too nicer guy for me. Which was funny considering he’d asked me on numerous occasions to hack the local PD or FBI databases for information on people, he also knew I wouldn’t do it though. But I could see the concern marring his handsome face.
“Thanks Paul, but I really can’t. So you wanted to meet with me. You have a list I hear. Is it so very secretive you couldn’t email me?”  He must have suddenly remembered why we were here and opening his jacket produced an envelope.
There were ten names on the list and one of them was Angelina Bradford, (my assumed company name), one was my real name, but there was no way he could know that. The other eight were men. Placing the paper back in the envelope I stood and tucked it in my back pocket. The waitress came by and I ordered a latte. Paul ordered an espresso and a blueberry muffin. I declined food and leaned back gently in my chair waiting for him to start.
“Wow you took that better than I expected. You aren’t angry or upset you are eerily calm and I’m not quite sure how to take that.” He said with a rueful half smile.
“Must be a first.” I offered a warm smile. “I get it, its business right?” I waited for confirmation and when I didn’t get any I blushed a little.
“Not exactly. Your business is worth every penny I pay and more. But I wanted to get to know the real Angelina Bradford. I find I can be myself around her and I’m not putting on a forced persona or who I am. Does that make sense?” The waitress chose that moment to come back with our order. 
“Paul I’m flattered really I am. But what you know about me is surface stuff.”
“I’ve heard your PA call you Emily on a number of occasions. Is that what you mean?”
“Yes and no. Angelina is a ghost, she’s not real. I mean obviously I am but, oh God I don’t know how to explain.” His hand covered mine and I wasn’t sure why I had even disclosed this much. He was a client for Christ’s sake.
“It isn’t your name that concerns me. I know you aren’t Angelina Bradford. She doesn’t exist. It’s not your name I’m interested in, it’s the person you are and how you make me feel that I’m drawn to.”
“How do I make you feel Paul?” My awareness levels started blaring warning bells.
“Calm. Wait before you say anything. I’m not violent but I tend to get annoyed and angry at people in general. I like my space and my personal life just that. Personal. However the people I deal with on a daily basis are fake. I don’t want fake.” I let out a loose laugh.
“That’s exactly what I’d be offering. I can honestly say there isn’t a living soul on this earth who knows my real name or who I am. So in reality I’m a fake too. Why would you want to associate with that?”
“Then let me get to know the real you.” His hand squeezed mine again. 
“I’ll tell you one secret no one else knows.” I smiled as I looked down at his hands, my breaths came short and calmly as I looked back at him. He looked so happy in that moment I wasn’t sure who he was referring to in that instant. Himself or society.
“I know who you were before you became Paul Buchanan.” I said the words quietly and he froze. He finally let go of my hands and sat back stunned.
“And who do you think I was?” His nostrils flared and I smiled.
“A coffee shop isn’t the right place for this conversation. Have dinner with me tomorrow. I can come to you as my place is chaotic right now.” I gestured to my face and chest. He sat and watched me as I sipped my latte enjoying the sunshine.
“You think the threat of a little violence would worry me then you say you think you know who I was before Paul Buchanan and it doesn’t concern you? Gotta say I’m on the edge of my seat here Angel.”
“Ever wonder why you’re so comfortable around me Paul? Maybe we’re just more alike than you realise.” I winked to put him at ease which made him too sit back and enjoy the sunshine.
“Even bruised to shit you look beautiful.”
“Flatterer. You know you aren’t the first person to tell me that today.” I laughed, he relaxed.
“Can I ask a question though and feel free to tell me now or not. How do you know and what gave me away?”
“Coffee Shop.” I winced not ready to say anything else in public. He nodded and changed focus to the others on the list that he had and when the hour drew to a close and we climbed back into the town car. 
“Thankyou Angel, I think that was the best hour I’ve spent in a long time.” A haunted look came across his face and I studied him. He wasn’t what I thought, his past actions seemed to have moulded him into a different man. One similar to his brother and yet so different.
“A favour?” I asked smiling tightly, he nodded noting my tensed posture. “I’d rather you call me Emily than Angel. Once upon a time it was a name someone else had for me and I’d rather not relive the memories.” Shock came across his features and he nodded.
“Of course. Will you put me out of my misery though?” I knew he was referring to the questions he’d asked earlier.
“I helped you disappear. I helped Paul Buchanan come alive. You approached a friend of mine asking for papers. I made them appear. But you have tells. The first is your hand.” Paul sat next to me stroking the star on his hand placed between his thumb and forefinger. 
“You couldn’t have been more than eighteen or nineteen.”
“About that…” Dancer called me evasive, he was right on the money.
“So tomorrow?”
“Paul I will say I will do my absolute best but if something comes up I need you to be understanding. I’ll call you tomorrow afternoon if things go to plan.” He nodded and leaned back still absently stroking his tattoo. I knew so much about this man and yet I felt like I didn’t know him at all. I would rectify that. It would be easy to go straight to the source and get answers but right now that wasn’t possible it would ruin too many covers. 

Chapter 13
Going back into my office I palmed off the work Paul had given me to staff who got busy. I checked in with Anthony and asked that he organise me another Ducati. Frowning he did as asked and put it under the company name. He handed me the address of the dealer and I let them know I’d be there later in the day to get it.  Next I locked myself in my office and got to work. No one could ever say I didn’t do my own dirty work. 
I did a complete background on Paul. Then I did the background on his former life. I even had pictures of his fake funeral. I zoomed in and watched the face of his brother who really had no idea his brother was still alive. Well one of them. My searches were still going when the phone vibrated in my pocket again. It was mid-afternoon and I hadn’t thought about contacting Dancer. When his name lit up I answered.
“What do you want I’m kind of in the middle of something.” 
“You’re angry.” His voice was soft. 
“No actually I’m not. You already said you couldn’t find any information on Emily Robinson, I guess I was wondering why you’d be stupid enough to try again and get the same results. Seriously I have a big client I’m busy preparing information for. That’s what I deal in. Information. So I guess general business attire would be applicable maybe for my staff or front office crew but me? Nah I’ll go in what I can walk around in comfortably and get by unnoticed. 
Let’s face it if someone notices me they generally aren’t looking at my notepad and pen are they Dancer?” I heard a grunt
“So you are pissed. Long winded speech for someone who isn’t.” I smiled.
“Listen I only answered to see who’s on tonight.”
“Tigg, Mad Dog and Crowley. Why?” Damn I’d have to stop by the grocery store.
“Cos you asshats drank my coffee.” I said and flipped my phone shut as more photos came to light. These are ones I had seen before but went over again. Frowning I looked at the hand of Paul’s former brother who resembled Paul so much. That was when I looked at the hand and saw the star. Fuck. Grabbing my keys I herded Anthony in the car and headed for the dealer. Picking up the Ducati. Flipping open the phone I called Paul. He answered quickly.
“I need a little insider information. More just Age, sex, estimated location of someone on your list?” I said sweetly. I could hear a motorbike in the background.
”Sure Emily. Who?”
“Billie the Kid.” I said making my tone sound confused. I was anything but. 
“Oh female, about twenty five and last known was here, but that was more than ten years ago.” His tone was hushed as he spoke.
“Hey where are you?” I picked up the beat in my voice almost bordering on the bimbo.
“Meeting an old friend.”
“Oh okay, anyway gotta go my keyboard awaits. Bye!” I looked over at Anthony who stared straight ahead. He looked upset.
“Is shit going to hit the fan?” He asked risking a glance as he drive my car. 
“Yes but not today relax. I got this.” I went and signed the paperwork for the bike, leaving Anthony to organise the rest of it. Taking the keys to the Ducati I made sure it had a full tank before leaving. I stopped past Courtney’s and when she wasn’t home I let myself in with a spare key and grabbed one of my bags I left here for safe keeping. Taking it out I snapped my rifle together complete with long range scope and checking everything was ready and accounted for I disassembled it again. 
Taking the side bags off my original Ducati and placing them on the new one. I put the parts to my gun in and strapped them down. I flew out from Courtney’s with my destination in mind. I rode for thirty minutes and parked up a hill that provided good coverage.  Assembling my rifle took no time at all and when I finally managed to lie down I made a point to lie on my side to try and relieve the pressure on my ribs. It still hurt like a bitch but when I looked through the scope I saw what I hadn’t wanted to. Paul Buchanan was still with Deaths Angels. He seemed upset talking to none other than the president who also seemed equally unhappy. 
I made a point to not bring bullets but I did bring a loaded glock and a knife in my boot. All my guns were bought on the black market and untraceable. Paul was shaking his head sadly and I watched his mouth as he spoke.  It looked like he was saying he had someone on it. I wondered whether they were speaking of Billie. I switched over to the President who looked up toward my direction and I paused. Did he see the sun reflecting off my rifle? I didn’t move a muscle as I watched him.  When he looked away sadly I looked around the premises. Everything was calm and normal. No one was in a panic or riding off. 
Winded I sat back up and took my gun apart. I had seen what I needed to. As I placed it all back in the saddle bags I felt someone come up to me. 
“Well now look what I found. Dancer’s bitch does recon.”  Smiling up at him I fluttered my eyelashes. “Unless you plan on sucking my dick I’d say you better get on your knees bitch.” He raised his boot to kick me, but this time I had the art of surprise on my side. Grabbing his foot I twisted getting him off side. It wasn’t Stick, so it must be the other one who was boot kicking happy. By the time he fell to the ground cursing in surprise I had my knife out and at his throat.
“Name bitch.”
“Who are you?” he asked spitting blood out of his mouth. I could see he was scared, I was a loose cannon. 
“I asked you first. Name rank whatever you feel like sharing and make it fucking snappy.”
“Bones.” I rolled my eyes.
“Original. I’d say I’m sorry for this but I’d be lying.” I drew the knife back as his eyes widened I plunged it deep in his neck. Blood sprayed across my cheek and into my hair. I watched the life fade from him, he struggled for precious seconds. I felt no guilt. No remorse. I wondered if I was more like my father that I gave myself credit for. I pulled the knife out.
Looking down I had a few drops on my shirt and pants, but it was noticeable. I’d have to get back to my place after dark. That would mean I’d have four bikers hanging around and I needed somewhere to hide in the meantime.  Wiping the knife on my jeans I slipped it back in with my gun and packed up. Let them find the body. Hopefully he would begin to stink and the smell would waft down the hill.
Climbing back on my bike I realised I wouldn’t need to hide as long as I thought It was coming dark now. A phone started ringing next to me. I pulled it out and looked at the screen.
*Clyde*
“Hello Daddy.” My voice calm but I added the Southern twang I had mostly lost.
“B-Billie? Is that you?” His tone shook, with worry or upset I wasn’t sure. Either way he was rattled and it suited me fine.
“I’m afraid Bones here won’t make it back for happy hour. I’m sure you understand.”
“Billie haven’t you taken enough brothers? Let’s face it, you want me and Cross. Come in and we’ll negotiate.”
“No I think I’ll just take you out one by one. I’m good with that. Did you warn your brothers?” Silence. “I’ll take that as a no. You will be the last bullet I ever shoot Daddy. And we all know you taught me not to miss.” Tossing the phone on Bones I started the Ducati and left.  I called Anthony who was still waiting at my place, needing my signature on a few things and I was sure just to gossip. Halfway back to my place I pulled over and called him.

Chapter 14
“Hey it’s me. Fifteen out. When I come in it will be hard and fast, have my garage open and waiting and when you see me start closing the door. Hard and fast.” He confirmed very quietly which meant he had ears.  Finally I pulled into my street and as I came up fast on my house the garage was open and starting to close. I ducked just enough to clear my head and bike. I braked hard then killed the engine. Breathing hard I hit the stand and gently climbed off the bike turning around and came eyes to chest with Dancer. 
“Baby what happened!” His hands ran down my arms and over my face.
“It’s not mine. There was an accident off a road where I was riding. I…. assisted the injured party.”
“Then why call Anthony and make it hush hush?” He asked confused.
“Because I knew I’d get this reaction. I want a shower and I want to sleep. In that order. Excuse me.” He dropped his hands and stepped back eyeing me curiously.
“Is this about earlier?” I shook my head in exasperation.
“No Dancer it’s not. If you want to know something specific about me ask. I’ll answer if I want you to know. If I don’t want you to know no amount of searching or hacking will get you your answers.”
“Who branded you?” His eyes snapped to mine a hard gleam accompanied with tense body language. Sighing I opened the door to that led to the kitchen and started stripping. I still had problems with my shirt, but Dancer came behind me and helped. He also helped with my boots, socks and pants. We made it to the laundry to throw the clothes straight in the washer.
“A man that if I ever see again I will kill. Slowly.” My words were soft but he paused before helping me.
“You think you can live with yourself knowing you killed someone.”
“Yes.” I said without hesitating. He looked up at me as if seeing me in a whole new light. I was down to my bra and panties as he stood over me I found myself pinned to the washing machine. 
“Have you killed before?” He asked almost surprised.
“Yes. Twice. Both times were defending my life and I’d do it again should I need to.” He eyes rounded as his phone started chirping. He flicked it open frowning.
“Baby I gotta go. Club business. This conversation is not finished. I need a key.”
“No.” 
“Why not?” he asked as he was walking backwards out the door. I stripped off my bra and slid down my panties, Dancer’s eyes trailing the clothes as they fell away. Now I was naked his gaze was riveted and he was effectively distracted.
“We aren’t a couple and I’m not quite sure what I’d label you as. Only one other person has a key Dancer. And she’s my friend. By the time you get back I’ll be asleep so no need for you to come back. Tomorrow I need to go out. I have a date with-.” He stopped dead in his tracks and stormed toward me making me keep quiet. I was roughly pulled into his body naked flesh against cool leather. His jeans were rough against my skin and his cut pressed into my breasts making my nipples peak. His maniacal grin came back as he looked down between us.
“I can guarantee that if a man was stupid enough to try to go on a date with you, kiss these….” Will kissed me roughly flicking his tongue against mine. “Touch these…” He moved back an inch and palmed my breasts, bending to flick one nipple with his tongue. “Or crazy enough to dare touch you here…” His fingers slid between my legs, parting my flesh and rubbing my aching clit. A shudder ran through me, making him grin wider. “Then the world won’t miss him. One man other than me touches you baby and I guaran-fucking-tee he’s a dead man.”
His finger slipped inside me and I was a little self-conscious, I felt like I was drenching his hand. A small sound came from the back of my throat, my hands rose to hold on to him as my legs shook. Dancer dropped to his knees in front of me, lifting a leg over his shoulder. His eyes watched me as he bent closer and closer to where I ached to be touched. I rocked forward, my body clearly knowing what it wanted. Will used one hand to keep me steady and the other hand to open me to him. Letting out a frustrated growl Will moved in running the flat of his tongue across me.
“Oh fuck.” I whispered closing my eyes.
“Oh fuck you taste good.” He groaned again greedily licking and sucking gently. My inner core clenched tightly almost painfully desperate for release it knew Will could provide.
“Will.” I whimpered. His phone started chirping again and he groaned.
“Fuck!” He growled as he pulled away, setting my leg back on the floor. He scrolled down and called someone. I went to move past him to the shower, the mood may have been killed again, but it didn’t make me any less horny. He held my naked body to him as the person on the other end answered.
“What the fuck is so urgent? Yeah I’ll be there soon. Now? You guys are fucking killing me!  Fuck off like I’d tell you. I’m not giving you and your sick spank bank fantasies about my woman. Yeah I’m on my way.” His voice was gruff and very clearly pissed off. Standing up 
“It’s okay I need to shower anyway. I’m not promising you that I won’t finish it today though.” I smirked and he slapped my ass. Hard. 
“Touch that sweet pussy without me and your ass will be sore for a week. Swear to God.” We came around to the kitchen and I went to veer off to my bedroom rubbing my ass cheek when the front door opened. Squealing I covered myself behind Will. 
“What the fuck!” Will roared holding me firmly behind him and holding out his cut so no one could peek from either side. 
“Please ain’t nothing I haven’t seen before and in more compromising positions. We gotta go. Now.” Mad Dog.
“Out!’ I giggled behind him and the situation and obviously to stir Will up more he let out a whistle. “Seriously run Dog. Baby can you get in the room now?”
“Already here.” I burst out laughing this time and went to close the door.
“You find it funny?”
“Your reaction. Damn you honestly think he saw? You had me covered Will.” He didn’t seem placated.
“I saw your ass.” Mad Dog called out. My door closed and I heard heavy thudding footsteps and laughter. A few moments later I heard the motorbikes start up and take off. I went for the shower and looked at myself in the mirror. How Dancer thought me sexy enough to go down on when I had blood splatter through my hair and over my neck and shoulder was beyond me. Giggling I grabbed the cell phone and snapped off a shot of the handprint on my ass and sent it to Dancer. I turned on the shower and washed my hair again and scrubbed my body of all traces of dirt or anything that could tie me back to Bones. 
Chapter 15
After my shower I dressed in clean panties and an old t-shirt, I didn’t bother with a bra. I glanced at my phone getting a text from Dancer in response to mine.
Dancer- fucking tease beautiful pic though  It’s my new screen wall paper.
Laughing I could picture his face, half grin but he’d hide it from the boys. While he was out I decided to stash my guns. After I was done I felt so utterly exhausted but knew I should really eat something. I made a chicken and mushroom risotto and piled on the parmesan cheese. I made more than enough for Tigg and Dancer if they came back and left them in the fridge. I left a note on the counter for them to eat. I really needed to go shopping. I crawled into bed after locking up my house and was asleep before my head hit the pillow. 
My eyes opened with a start. It was dark but something had woken me. I had placed the glock under my bed strapped to the mattress. I slowly pulled it out and climbed from my bed. Taking the cell phone from next to the bed I heard a soft shuffle and tried to listen to see listen for where the noise came from. I heard it again at the back of my house. Looking at the clock it was a little past midnight. Peaking around the corner of my bedroom toward the laundry I saw a flicker of light and stepped down in that direction as I heard someone come up the front steps. Ducking I slipped out the kitchen door and slipped a cord I had around the door handle preventing them from coming out the kitchen door. Slipping the phone and gun in the side pocket. I hit the button to open my garage and started my Ducati. I heard two men swear and run for the front. The door was now open enough I shot through. 
Looking back I made sure it wasn’t Dancer or one of the others, but the bikes weren’t familiar. Gunning it I made it out of the driveway before bun shots fired, one grazing my shoulder. Swearing I pushed forward. After I was a few blocks, I pulled over to ring Dancer.
“Baby this isn’t a good time…” He said in a warning tone. I was breathing hard and running on adrenaline.
“Not for me either. I had two more in my house. I got out but one shot at me and… grazed my shoulder. I think your club house is a little safer than my place at this point in time. Can I come over?” I heard muffled swearing and a loud bang.
“Where are you? Are you safe?” 
“Oh Baby I could outride your whole damn club. They haven’t found me yet but I’ve only gone a few blocks.” I forced a laugh and groaned. Fuck I was feeling in a bad way. Between the busted ribs and burning in my shoulder.
“How bad is the bleeding?” He sounded furious. I hadn’t bothered to check. Figured you know how it went, it wasn’t so bad until you actually looked at it. I looked now and swore.
“Fuck. Uh well the back of my shirt is sticking to me and my arm is red. So I’m thinking ouch.” I joked half-heartedly. “Will, I just really need directions. Otherwise I have other… friends I can go to.” I heard bikes in the distance. I felt like I was struggling to breathe. Will shot of the directions swearing. Groaning I realised I’d have to pass the two men coming my way and I already felt weak and tired. 
“Will I’m putting the phone in the side bag. If you hear me scream…”  I wanted to say how much I cared for him already despite him making me want to tear my hair out. I wished I had met him two years in the future.
“That’s not funny Emily!”
“Well then we’re about to see how good I can shoot and ride at the same time.”
“Emily! Babe-“ I threw the phone down and picked up the glock in my wounded arm. Taking a breath I gunned the bike toward the two men ducking when I heard their shots.  Raising my hand I shot a tire from one bike causing him to crash and slide along the asphalt behind me.
 “One down!” I screamed not sure if he could hear me over the bike. The second bike turned and came after me as I passed him. I rode around the streets trying to throw him off course. But all the while heading to Dancer.  He was on the wrong side for me to shoot to the side.  I felt him come up behind me and suddenly I felt a ball of fire in my abdomen. Cursing, I kept on my bike but slowed. Looking down blood ran down my leg. Gripping my gun I realised he was going to try pull up on my left to make it harder to shoot. 
We were in the outskirts of the city, not residential more industrial. I swerved forcing his hand and he took the bait coming up alongside. He shot into my tyre narrowly missing. There was a vacant lot coming up and that’s where I would stop. I hit the kerb and slammed on the brakes. My bike skidded to a halt in the dirt and I nearly fell off, unable to hold the bike and myself up. I leaned against the bike clutching my stomach. 
“Oh look Thomas Street. I nearly made it.” I groaned as I heard the other biker come up behind me. He came around with a smarmy grin, he aimed and shot again, I moved in enough time for it to graze my side. The look dropped when he realised who I was. 
“Oh fuck Billie- I…” I didn’t let him finish his sentence I shot him in the head, perfectly between the eyes. Black dots danced in my vision. I couldn’t breathe. I heard noise but I was already fading.
“Can’t breathe…” Blackness threatened to consume me as I felt hands running over my body. I felt limp, unable to move.
“Baby?”  I felt his hands warm on my cold skin. I felt something wet against my cheek.
“Fuck she shot him in the head. We got this you guys help Dancer get her.”  As the darkness took over I heard someone yell. I couldn’t understand what it was. I felt numb, swimming in blackness for what seemed like forever. Eventually I heard sounds again. Voices.

Chapter 16
“Mr Muller, you need to leave your time is up.”
“No.” His voice was scratchy. I tried to open my eyes but failed.
“Mr Muller when we let you back here in ICU it was under an agreement that you would leave when told.”
“I lied. I’m not leaving her. She’s mine.” His voice held a violent tone. Another hushed tone spoke.
“Ma’am this man just found the love of his life a couple weeks ago and they’ve been to hell and they haven’t made it back yet. I understand you have rules, but I can say short of arresting him you won’t get him to leave her side.”
“Then I’ll make the call.” She huffed and turned on her heel.
“Then short of tying you up and throwing you in a damned closet somewhere I’m afraid I just can’t let you do that.” I couldn’t hear again, there were no more sounds. By the time I found myself pulling out of the blackness again I forced my eyes open.  Gasping for breath, I cried out in pain as I moved too sharply.
“Baby?” Flicking my eyes around I saw Dancer sitting up rubbing his eyes with one hand and reaching for me with the other. I smiled weakly.
“Did I make it?” I asked wincing when my voice scratched, I couldn’t remember much after hitting a curb.
“I found you. I got you in time. Let me get the doctor.” Closing my eyes again they felt too heavy to keep open. I was gently shaken awake again as I looked up into kind caring brown eyes. I smiled at them and groaned when the pain hit me again.
“Oh fuck.” I whimpered putting my hand to my stomach.
“Well we aren’t quite sure what to call you Miss?”
“Eh let’s just say it’s Emily.” I felt like I’d had the worst case of the flu and my voice had up and left me leaving behind some razor blades. 
“Miss Emily.” The doctor smiled sadly. “Well you are very lucky lady in some aspects. You’re alive.”
“I’m grateful.” I said seriously, Dancer squeezed my hand in agreeance.
“Yes well I can honestly say I was worried for my staff’s safety if you didn’t pull through.” He shot a dirty glance at Dancer who shrugged at me innocently.
“What’s the damage?” I asked my voice still hoarse.
“Want some water baby?” I nodded gratefully. “Small sips babe, you’ve been out a few days.” I sipped the water which immediately soothed the burn for it to come back.
“Well you were shot a few times, two were flesh wounds. You were shot through the back narrowly missing your kidney so we repaired that but you had broken ribs. Three. One punctured your lung. You had extensive bruising over various parts of your body but those seem a few days old. I have to ask Miss Emily. Who hurt you? Do you want me to have the police come down? They need to talk to you anyway as it was a gunshot wound. Mr Muller here has not been very forthcoming.”
He quickly glanced at Dancer asking if it were him who hurt me. I wanted to laugh.
“Doctor Will here would never hurt me. Well actually he did smack me on the ass…” Dancer squeezed my hand in warning. “But I did like it so…” I shot a glance at Will where a smile finally ghosted his lips. I didn’t like the doctor insinuating that Will was bad. Well he was bad for me, but not so bad in general and I highly doubted he would hurt me physically unless I got off on it.
“So who did this to you?”
“An old boyfriend, he’s gone, done a runner. He’s not a problem anymore. How long until I’m out?”
“A few days let’s see how you go. Do you need something for pain?” I shook my head.
“Pain is my friend we go way back. Makes me remember I’m alive.” I smiled tightly. Dancer’s hand was nearly crushing mine. “Dancer I really don’t need surgery on my hand too.” I winced but he immediately let go stepping away surprised. The doctor sighed again looking at Dancer and walked out of the room.
“Was it him?” Dancer asked in an angry undertone.
“What? Who? What are you talking about?” My head was whirling and my concentration was up to shit. Then it dawned on me, I laughed once and groaned bringing my legs up to ease the pain. “No Will. You think I would have shot him in the head if it was? No darlin’ I would have shot his dick off first and made him suffer.” My face was screwed up but I breathed through the pain. His hand swept over my face and he frowned as he pulled it away covered in sweat.
“Take some pain medication.”
“No.”
“Why? You obviously need it.” He pleaded his face looked pale.
“I’ll adjust soon, I heal quick. I’ll be fine.”
“Fine? No babe you aren’t fine. I’ve been in here for nearly four days while you’ve been unconscious. I pulled you out of a dirt patch shot up and bleeding everywhere. You nearly died! Then you got an infection or something and you ran a fever. I’ve been in here for four days taking care of you and I’m telling you now you’ll take some or I’ll give it to you myself. I’m not watching you get worse.” 
“Will I’m fine. Okay I’m not perfect but I’ll be fine. I pulled through right?”
“I don’t want to see you in pain anymore.”
“I’ll be fine. I’ll be awesome when I can get up and shower and get the fuck out of here. I hate hospitals.” I said remembering the last time I was in hospital and I never wanted to relive it. Will looked about ready to explode. He stared at me for a moment and when I set my jaw and met his gaze unflinching he walked out of the room punching the wall as he left. A nurse came in with ice chips that I gratefully sucked on. 
“I need to make a phone call.” I informed the nurse and she frowned looking over her shoulder at the door Dancer left through.
“Is he coming back?” I smiled tiredly.
“Hope not. I need to call in supplies.” She nodded and left coming back with a cordless phone.  I dialled and she answered on the third ring. “Hey it’s me.”
“Where are you? I came over and your place had been tossed.” She sounded really worried making me smile.
“Hospital. Listen babe I need clothes, underwear, toiletries and my backpack.” Her sharp indrawn breath told me she understood what I was asking for.
“O-okay. Are you safe now?”
“Yeah. Least I think so.”
“Is Dancer there?”
“If he was here do you think I’d make the call? No babe he’s not here. I need to bail you know I can’t do hospitals.”
“Give me an hour?”
“See you then.” I hung up and handed the phone back to the nurse who looked at me with a shocked expression. Her breathing was choppy and I tried to think what I said that had her reacting weird. Looking up Dancer stood in the doorway murder in his eye. 
“I-I have patients.” The nurse fled squeezing past Dancer. He just stood staring at me for a few moments. I still can’t think what I had said that would make everyone flip out.
“What?” I asked.
“Babe?” He bit out and I frowned not understanding.
“What?” Then it dawned on me. I understood he heard me calling someone babe and I hadn’t used her name. Taking a breath, I knew I was about to be cruel and I hated it. I had feelings for Dancer and at the moment I was blowing hot and cold. On the flip it would have driven me crazy. I didn’t correct him even when it was evident I understood. He turned back and strode off even angrier. I heard a loud crash and people yelling. A nurse scurried in with another cup of ice chips and told me to suck on them before scurrying away.
A vaguely familiar head poked into my room looked displeased. Raising an eyebrow at me I returned the expression. Tight smile he came in. Shaved head, maybe going on fifty and a pierced eyebrow, his gut you’d expect for his age to have a little paunch but he had none. He was fit and well built for his age and he had a no nonsense air about him.
“Emily?” I eyed his cut. President, figures.
“Yep.” I gave attitude because he was familiar and I couldn’t figure out from where. 
“It’s nice to finally meet you. I’m-“
“The president of Reapers MC. What can I do for you?” A full fledged smile lit up his face.
“Yes I do see why he’s taken with you. He needs to be challenged and I do believe you fit the bill. But why push him away? He clearly adores you.”
“I have reasons Pres. Ones I don’t expect you to understand.” My nostrils flared in annoyance at his easy grin. I was also uncomfortable lying on my back like this, my ass was numb. I used all my strength to push up. He stepped forward and raised the back of the bed.
“Care to share them?” He asked pulling a cigarette from a packet and placing it in his mouth.
“No.”
“Why?”
“Because I love sharing my personal shit as much as I love my space being invaded, as much as I love the shit being kicked out of me, being shot at and being in this fucking place. For an MC you’re all a bunch of hippy huggers. What happened to the days when you’d kick the shit out of someone all touchy feely?” I scoffed and sat higher, gritting my teeth through the pain.
“That what happened to you?” He asked hip cocked on the base of the bed.
“Nope.” I eyeballed him. He nodded.
“Can I ask why the grudge against my MC?”
“Seriously? I live next to your VP. That isn’t enough? I mean apart from being kept awake many nights from the airhead bimbos hoping to get in Dancer’s pants, to the boys nights, then within a week of actually speaking a few sentences to your VP look where I’m at. Wow if that’s not a reason to come running back for more I don’t know what is.”
“Fair enough, so why blow hot and cold?” I was wondering the same thing myself.
“Ever want something you damn well know isn’t good for you?” I asked quietly, his reply was a soft grunt. “Something then, that potentially puts a time limit on your life? Ruins everything you worked so hard to achieve? Your own safety? And yet he storms into my house and tries to tell me what to do. I’ve been looking after myself my whole life, I’ve depended on no one, I kept myself alive. Then in a week I finally think I can have something that’s just for me and it all comes crashing down.” Tears spilled down from my eyes, splashing onto the hospital robe and he stood frozen staring at me with wide eyes.
“It’s true? You’re her?”
“Who?” I let my head fall back onto the pillows stuffed behind me.
“Billie.” He whispered and went to close the door, he murmured something to someone outside the door and closed it, flicking the lock.

Chapter 17
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” I said watching him closely.
“I can’t believe it. Why the fuck did you come back! I had you safe damn it!” I suddenly realised. Sobs racked my body and he came to my side, sitting on my bed and pulled me close to him.
“It was you?” I asked and I could have missed the slight nod of his head if I weren’t paying attention. “You are a rival MC. I was nothing to you.”
“Billie even at fifteen you were beautiful. They would have broken you so fast. I- I couldn’t let it happen. I have remember having daughters the same age. In fact your father had taken one and when I finally got to her, she was a shell, no life left in her.”
“Two of your boys took me back.” I whispered hoarsely trying to keep my emotions in check.
“Yes but I saw you dealt with that.” I shook my head.
“That wasn’t me. Paul’s alive. I helped him disappear, but I know where he is at all times. He visited the other day. I was attacked again by the same man that kicked me.”
“What did you do?” I looked at him frowning.
“I did what I always do to a Death’s Angel. I killed him.” He sighed.
“Fuck, he was stabbed not shot I had hoped you were steering clear this year.”
“I’m never far away. I just hide better. You gonna tell him everything?”
“No. Not yet, I don’t think it’s my place. Not my story either, I don’t even know what happened. When Dancer said you had a cross branded in you I thought just maybe and hoped I was wrong. Dancer’s is mostly a crazy son of a bitch, but he’s fucking loyal. He ain’t like his brothers Billie. You hear me? You get better then you tell him yourself.”
“I’m bailing.” I whispered and he nodded.
“I understand. He’s gonna be in a fury until he finds you again and he will, don’t doubt it. I know how he feels. I had someone like that in my life once, but I let her go and there ain’t a day I don’t regret it. He’s smarter, so he’ll find you. Be ready for an explosion when he does.” I nodded in understanding.
“My friend will be here in half an hour. Can you keep him away that long?” He contemplated.
“I can’t help you no more unless Dancer’s calls it. He’d have to claim you. You’d have to let him. You know the MC way of life for the most part. You want out again but this time there ain’t no one there to hurt you this time Billie unless you let it happen.” Another tear ran down my face.
“Thankyou.” He smiled grimly and headed out. I wondered whether it was really for me safety or whether it was a payback at my father or Cross. Either way I was out. Taking a breath I waited for Courtney. I badly needed to pee. Twenty minutes later in she strolled sporting a flirty grin and a wig? I wondered what she was up to and smiled tightly while she came in.
“I gotta pee.”
”You have a catheter.”
“I don’t give a shit, either way I gotta pee and you’re going to pull it out.” Bitching and moaning she shut the door and locked it, she came and pulled the curtain around. Courtney pulled back the sheets and quickly set to work on the catheter. Her mother was a nurse and had dragged Courtney around on many home visits when she was younger.  She helped me stand off the bed and I honestly thought I’d pee my pants. If I were wearing any. I pulled the tape off my arm and withdrew the IV line. 
Now I had adjusted to the pain it only really hurt when I walked. I went into the adjoining bathroom, followed by Courtney. I had to use the amenities. She pulled out makeup as I finished and turned on the shower. Washing the hospital grossness off me and my hair I climbed out of the shower feeling a like a whole new woman. Courtney steered me to those shower chairs they give you in hospital. I gently eased myself down as she started pulling my hair back and securing it down with a cloth before putting the wig she was wearing on me. Looking in the mirror I noticed my bruises had faded significantly. I was almost back to normal.
When she was done and I was dressed. She looked at me sadly.
“You have a man out there willing to bend over backwards and yet you are resorting to this. Is that really what you want for yourself?” I went through the backpack she handed me and found the last of what I needed. Cash and guns. Clothes and other items I could get from shops.
“My bike?” I asked ignoring her questions.
“Safe at the location you said to take it to on the off-chance this happened.”
“The journals?” Tears started leaking down her face and I swore. “You read them!”  She nodded slowly.
“I did. I’ve know for a while. I read them two years ago. Was it all true?” She had no shame in that she had invaded my privacy so completely.
“Yes.” I hissed.
“Is she alive?” I swallowed unable to answer. “I mean if you plan what I think you are then surely you have something riding on it. Not just revenge because nothing can undo your past.”
“Will you tell them?” I asked softly.
“No. it’s not my place.”
“Can you do one last thing for me?”
“Of course! You’re my best friend!”
“Okay. So I need time to heal I have a place I can do that. You need to call Anthony and tell him it’s his to run for now. Then I’m going to disappear. I’ll let you know when I’m safe but then I won’t contact you for possibly a month depending on my recovery. When I tell you I need you to give Dancer those journals. Not a minute before. Do you understand?”
“Yes.” I hugged her gently and straightened. I hurt, but I could handle the pain until I got where I was going. 
“Thankyou.” She was crying now and I threw the backpack over my shoulder. I headed out the opposite way to Dancer, going through the ward to find a set of stairs on the opposite side of the hospital. I got to the front of the hospital and saw him having a smoke leaning against his bike. He paid me no attention, he wouldn’t have even realised it was me. For now I had red hair and clothes on. I slipped into the back of a waiting cab and gave him directions of where my bike would be parked. 

Chapter 18
There was a little shed there. It was tiny, enough room for a bed and small kitchenette. An outhouse and shower were located down in the ‘back yard’. I say the terms loosely. I had acquired this place from an old man who’s family wanted him out of this hole in the wall and in hospice care. For what I needed it for it was a wise investment. From the outside it looked like no sane person in their right mind would stay here. But I didn’t feel in my right mind right now.
Sadly I missed Dancer. I missed his bossiness and his tantrums regarding me and my decisions. I missed the way he looked at me and touched me. But I needed to get my shit together before I went back. I peeled the wig off my head and threw it in the corner. I gently sank onto the bed feeling beyond exhausted. 
Feeling around in the bedside drawers I opened it and pulled a box from them opening it up to retrieve an emergency cell phone. Pulling out the charger I made sure to plug it in and turn it on. I made a call to a grocery store and arranged for essential food and medical supplies. Walking to the cupboard I pulled out a zip-lock vacuum bag and pulled out the fresh sheets and blankets for the bed. It paid to be prepared. Next I pulled out the pillows and covered them too, When the bed was made I slipped onto it, set the alarm for when the food delivery was due and laid down to sleep. By now I knew Dancer would be livid knowing I had left the hospital. As exhausted as I felt I couldn’t sleep, I felt sick at the thought of how Dancer would be feeling right now. I contemplated calling him but realised he’d have my phone tracked. 
Idly I wondered if it would be such a bad thing. But I wasn’t entirely sure he’d understand.  Opening the phone I did as promised and sent Courtney a message.
Me- Safe
Courtney- I’m sorry
Panic washed over me as I counted back from ten. She shouldn’t be sorry unless she didn’t hold up her end of the bargain. The phone called with a number I vaguely recognised and assumed it was Dancer. Swallowing I answered.
“Hi,”
“Where are you?” He sounded eerily calm.
“Safe.”
“I can keep you safe Emily.” Ah here was his angry tone.
“Yes that worked out so well for me a few nights ago and a few nights before that.” I knew the dig would hit him hard, I just hoped it would be enough for him to let me go. It wasn’t.
“Emily, I can put you at the clubhouse if you don’t want to come home. You were safe at the hospital! Don’t do this, not now.” He pleaded
“I’m sorry.” Tears ran down my face silently. My voice was flat and void of emotion, I struggled to keep it that way.
“I’m coming to find you. Even if I have to get it out of your friend. I can be very persuasive Emily.” He warned making me swallow silently.
“Well she does like bad boys, you wouldn’t even have to raise a hand.” I almost gagged at how I sounded talking about Courtney that way. His angry snort came over the line.
“Here I was thinking you hated the thought of a whore touching me. I actually thought you were jealous.” I pulled the phone away from my ear, wiping my hand over my face to rid myself of the tears. He was right, I didn’t want him touching Courtney. Not that she would do it voluntarily, but if it meant her life I knew she would pull out every weapon in her arsenal and I wouldn’t blame her. “Emily…” I could hear him taunt over the line. 
“Be gentle with her.” I said and ended the call. Switching the phone off before he had a chance to respond or call back. I lay back on the bed and closed my eyes. Tears ran down dripping into the pillow. As I waited for my supplies to come, I went over everything Dancer had ever said to me. He felt an instant attraction to the point he was faithful to me. He protected me and God I could just picture the expressiveness in his eyes every time we looked at each other, let alone touched. My body responded like lava burned through my veins. Hot and thick scorching me from the inside out. I eventually fell asleep to wake to the pounding on the door. Checking the window I opened it and handed cash over for the groceries. 
Snacking on soup and crackers, my body urged me to go back to bed.  Rinsing my dishes I climbed onto the bed and pulled a blanket over me falling back into an exhausted slumber. This happened on and off over the next few days. I ate lightly, slept and rested. After a little more than two weeks I was restless and edgy. I was able to move quite freely now, I was feeling really good. The bruising gone, my ribs felt amazingly better and the wounds heeled over completely. My will power was shot, I wanted Dancer back. It was late, but I turned on the phone I saw the message bank was full. Smiling I listened to each message.
“Emily, call me back, this is crazy let me help you. I’ll let your friend go.” He sounded pissed off.
“Emily please baby. Just call- I can come to you. I’ll talk to the whole fucking MC and make sure you’re safe. Just- please?” Pleading he sounded desperate.
“Hey it’s me. Well you aren’t calling me back. So my day was pretty fucked up. I broke a prospects nose, nearly shot a brother and I think I’m officially the most hated brother at the MC. I can’t stop thinking about you and how bad you’re hurt because of me. I know it’s because of me Emily and I get why you ran. Still doesn’t mean I don’t want you back, though I’m not really sure I ever had you. I’m desperately praying you’re in a place where you can get medical help if you need it and haven’t isolated yourself, though from what I know of you, that’s what I’m sure you’ve done. I fixed your house up. I have new keys for it, if you ever decide to come back.” He sounded defeated and sad.
“Day three and no Emily. I’m so angry all day over everything that’s happened and angry you won’t give me a chance to make this right. I will make it right. I’d near do anything for you.” He didn’t ask me to call.
“Day four. Figure your message bank will fill up soon. Got me a black eye and a god awful headache for my efforts today. I miss not seeing you next door. I watched you every day, every damned day and you never even noticed I existed. Then you finally talked to me, made the whole fucking wait worth it.” I smiled at his slightly amused tone, though he was still hurting.
“Day five and the boys have had enough of me Emily. They sent me a whole bunch of the whores from the club. And I had no one to tell them to fuck off.” I swallowed hard and fought the tears. I didn’t know if he was implying that he’d taken them up on their offer. I couldn’t listen to anymore. I ended the call. Jealousy was a bitch and I didn’t have experience with the sensation. It tasted vile, wiping the tears away I lay against the bed. After a few minutes the damn thing rang and made me jump. Looking at it, I saw Dancer’s number. I let it go to voice mail but he didn’t leave a message, just kept ringing.
“What?” I sniffed. He was breathing heavily into the phone.
“Emily?” His voice was hoarse.
“Yes.” I said quietly.
“You’re okay?”
“Yes.” Hearing him breathe out harshly, I shuddered.
“Are you crying?” he asked confused
“No.” I couldn’t manage more than that, because then he’d know.
“Are you coming back?” He sounded so hopeful that I didn’t say anything for a while. Then I decided to hell with it.
“I need to get a few things but I’m not staying.” I heard something break on his end of the line.
“Emily-“ I hadn’t finished.
“I got your messages.” He was quiet for a while.
“You’re angry because I left you messages?” He sounded confused.
“No Dancer. I’m upset because you’re an idiot. I’m not there because I needed time to heal. Time to think and get my head together. Christ! You don’t even know half of my damned story, you came on hot and heavy and I can’t deal with it. I needed time so you leave me messages to say what? The guys got you laid? Well I’m glad your dry spell is over. Goodbye Dancer.” I hung up the phone and turned it off again. Walking outside I got some air. It was starting to get cool now. Making a plan, I figured I had a lock pick set I could get into my own damned house, a key was overrated. I would go mid-afternoon when Dancer was never home. I’d get my things and leave.
Anger and frustration still rocked my body so I walked around until my body began to ache and exhaustion filled my bones.  I walked back to the cabin and slipped out of my clothes and into the bed. Sleep swept me away. When I woke the next morning I realised I was almost out of groceries again.  Packing up my things I grabbed the cell phone and switched it on. Walking outside I climbed onto my bike and took a ride. Stopping at the hill where I had left Bones body, I noticed it was now gone and men patrolled the outside of my father’s MC, smiling I left and went into my work.

Chapter 19
Today I had dressed in a kick ass outfit, tight navy blue jeans, a tight top that supported the front and had strings at the back holding it in place, otherwise the back was bare. I teamed it with a chunky belt, black leather jacket and boots. My hair I styled and left loose and added makeup. This was biker chick at it’s hottest, I tucked my glock in the back waistband of my jeans.  Walking in the door I saw Anthony nearly pulling his hair out yelling at an employee for hacking. Walking up behind him I placed a calming hand on his shoulder and smiled icily at the employee.
“What Anthony here is saying, you do it again and he’ll hand you to the feds. What we do it legit and legal and we pay you handsomely to keep it that way. Got it?” The employee paled and nodded shakily, retreating to their office. Anthony turned and hugged me into him.
“You ever do this to me again and we’ll have problems. Got it?”
“Yep. Let’s get to work.” I smiled and he pushed me the whole way to his office. Inside my office sat Stamps, he jumped and then grinned at I stood before him, arms crossed, hip thrust out to the side, my posture screaming pissed off biker chick.
“Well, well she has returned.”
“No I haven’t. Explain how the fuck you’re in my office?” he sat with the expression of the cat getting the canary. My voice dripped ice and coldness, making his grin slip a little.
“Well see I spoke with Dancer. He asked me to look into you, though I know you are aware of this. And you know what I found?” his gaze was pointed and I smiled.
“Nothing?” I raised an eyebrow.
“Exactly.”
“Doesn’t explain why you’re in my office.”
“Well I got to thinking, who’s good enough for this to happen? There was a lot I assure you. Good hackers I mean, but then someone went and recruited some of the best. For legit work. So I paid a visit, when I said Emily, your boy here slipped up and said you weren’t in. I figured out the rest… Angelina.” I feigned boredom and clapped my hands.
“How long?”
“How long until what?”
“Until Dancer shows up here caveman style?”
“He won’t. He doesn’t know I’m here.” My gaze narrowly suspiciously.
“Well then you have a problem.” I pulled the glock and trained it on his head. Perfect kill shot. “Because let’s be honest Stamps, someone always knows where you are. Right?” I raised an eyebrow and he seemed genuinely impressed I’d pull a gun.
“The pres. He said something about keeping an eye on things for you here until you’re ready to tell your story.” I watched him and his whole body language indicated he was indeed telling the truth. I moved the glock. He grinned victoriously.
“Next time you pull that gun on me though, you want to be prepared to shoot it.” I smiled sweetly.
“I was.” His grin slipped. “So Stamps what interesting tidbits did you find in my office?” Watching me carefully now he kept quiet as he looked over my shoulder. He was trying to put me off guard. I held my hand out as Anthony appeared behind me and held out a coffee. Smiling at him I took a welcome sip.  Stamps frowned.
“How did you know it was him?” He was curious.
“I have measures in place. If I’ve deemed something a threat my staff know how to alert me of the threat. They know who I say I am but aren’t really. Like you they haven’t found anything to point them in the direction of who I really am.”
“How do you know I haven’t found out who you really are?” I held up two fingers and sipped my coffee again groaning. I hadn’t had good coffee while I was healing, I missed it terribly.
“One if you knew you’d run far, far away. Two you aren’t dead. Do me a favour though and ring your president he and I need a little chat.” Stamps scowled at me.
“So what the fuck are you doing to Dancer?”
“I set him free. I didn’t mean to get tangled up with him in any way, he did that himself. He inserted himself in my life.”
“You went to shoot up some of our girls.”
“They weren’t girls they were whores. I was tired, I get annoyed very easily when I’m tired.”
“You tired now?”
“No. Rested and recuperating. Call your president.” Stamps pulled out his phone and dialled. He spoke a few brief words before handing the phone over. I pointed to the door, watching Stamps reluctantly disappear and close the door behind him.
“You said you couldn’t help me anymore. Imagine my surprise when I find your brother making himself cosy at my desk.” I let there be humour in my tone, making him feel at ease.
“Glad to hear you’re back. He misses you.”
“Not that much. I hear your boys provided plenty of distraction.”
“You really believe he’d be that stupid?” I smiled genuinely and breathed out quietly away from the phone so he couldn’t catch it.
“Stupid or not, I got a few complaints about not scaring them away from my house.” The president laughed.
“I can imagine, those girls can be a handful and they are shit scared of you.”
“They may have good reason, I don’t play nice.”
“No you don’t. So what do I owe the pleasure?”
“Who knows?”
“Not a soul. You trusted me ten years ago, trust me now. We can help you.”
“What if I don’t want you involved? I’m ending this. I deserve to.”
“Yes you do. Come in and we can discuss.”
“Hmm I’ll pass.”
“You going home?”
“I have things to collect.”
“My boys didn’t find anything.”
“Did you honestly think they would?”
“Nah but I let them have their fun.” I snorted at his dismissal of my personal belongings. “In all seriousness now, we need to chat.”
“We are chatting.” I forced my voice not to betray the hesitancy I felt at the coming conversation.
“Get your ass back here brother and bring some beer.” His voice became slightly snappy now.
“You have a listener? Dancer?”
“Yes now.”
“I’ll give a number to Stamps, call me when you’re free.”
“Yeah the prospects can unload. Hurry up boys are thirsty.” With that he ended the call and I wrote the cell number down on a piece of paper. Opening my office door I motioned for Stamps to come forward.
“You need to go on a beer run. Our conversation was interrupted. This gets slipped to your president, no one to see it.” He took the paper and his phone back and watched me silently.
“You fuckin the president? That why you screwing with Dancer’s head? Least you could be is straight up with him about it.” Before he could blink my fist slammed into Stamps face, taking him by surprise. He stepped back from the force of my hit and I stood there glowering at him. As he raised his hand to his lip and wiped away the trickle of blood that sat there, I looked on impassive.
“Not that it’s your business, but I don’t fuck around and I really don’t think I’m the president’s type. As for Dancer, like I said. I set him free right?” Now he snorted at me.
“That what you call it? He’s attacked nearly half the fuckin club losing his shit over you. Won’t even get laid to calm the fuck down. Not so much as a fucking blow job. So I’m assuming you’ve got a magic pussy cos he’s whipped.” Internally I was glowing, he hadn’t fucked around, but that was only according to Stamps I reminded myself.
“Well rest assured you will never find out. Don’t bother coming back to keep things under control. I can handle things from here.” Anthony came in holding another coffee which I accepted with a warm smile. Stamps threw a hand up in the air and turned to leave.
“Fuckin bitches. That’s why I fuck ‘em and leave ‘em.” Anthony rolled his eyes.
“Thank goodness he’s gone. Moodier than a gay man.”
“Anthony you’re gay.”
“Yes honey and I’m proud to admit it. Now he’s gone I can get to the goodies.”
“You hid everything I had on them, didn’t you?” I raised an eyebrow as I sipped watching Anthony’s face light up in a grin.
“Of course! The second I heard you were in hospital I was here covering our asses. Everything was clean and in our ‘safe’ place. I also got Ray to tap our phones to check his incoming and outgoing calls. All calls were to a Scott Peters. Aka Mr President himself. Nothing to Mr Dancer or any other colleague.” Before Anthony could get much further my cell phone started ringing. Groaning I knew it was Dancer.

Chapter 20
“Getting a little obsessive aren’t we?” I asked icily.
“Listen to the next message Emily.” Was all he said before he hung up on me. Frowning I looked down at my phone, contemplating my next move. I drank my coffee half listening to Anthony rattle on about how business was going and who he was copping shit from. I told him to wrote me a report and detail who I needed to deal with and why. It wasn’t something I usually requested from Anthony, he was more of my go-to man. When I wanted something he made it happen. Sure he kept the office running relatively smoothly, but he had me to put the fear of God into anyone who gave him shit.
When Anthony was put to a task he excelled so he was giving me peace for the moment. Sitting at my desk I placed the cell phone down and decided to check to see if Stamps had left any tracers, recorders or the like lying around. I checked the desk, lamp, chair, underside of the desk drawers, air vents, basically anywhere I could think he may have hidden them. I came up with two. So then I started thinking like myself and checked in other places coming back clean. After drowning them in the toilet and flushing I went back to my office and stared at my cell for a moment. 
Calling for my messages Dancer’s voice came back on the line and my gut was filled with cement. I wasn’t sure I wanted to know any more after the last message, I got out of my former life to not step back in and here was this man putting feeling and emotions in me I wasn’t ready to explore yet. His voice came along the line, slightly slurred and hoarse
“Day Six. Did you know two years ago when you moved in I was due to move out of this shithole? Actually I was packing and I looked out the window and there you were. I watched you laugh and dance around with your friend. You were singing some show tune and I swore it was the sexiest thing I ever saw. I came out to introduce myself when your friend left and you ignored me. Pissed me off. So I decided to wait, I never gave up wanting that smile to be for me, I wanted to own it. Wasn’t sure what I did to upset you, but here I am two god damned years later still waiting.” I swallowed the lump in my throat. I’d been in self-preservation mode. He was a biker, it went against everything in me to let him in and yet here I was, wanting to.
“Day seven. Boys are still sending the girls over. I figured fuck if you’re cutting me out of your life after knowing me for a week why the fuck not. You’re probably wondering why the hell I’d tell you well beautiful girl it’s because you fucking ruined me. I couldn’t even enjoy it. Maybe one day I will.” He didn’t leave any more messages after that and I frowned touching my cheek to realise I had tears running down my face. I’d hurt him by running and he didn’t understand why I was running away. Dialling I called Courtney, but it went to voicemail.
“Hey it’s me. I’m sorry. I know you’re angry right now but you have to believe me when I say that what I said was meant to protect you. It sounds stupid I know, but I grew up with guys like Dancer and Tigger. Well I thought I did, these guys seem like a different breed though. Men want what they can’t have and when you tell them they can have it they usually don’t want it. So that was my angle. It’s shitty and makes me a terrible friend but it’s all I got. Call me please.”
Hanging up I slumped in my chair willing my phone to ring. I couldn’t call Dancer back because I needed my journals from Courtney first. That’s if she would speak to me. Sighing I turned on my computer and worked my way through the rest of the day. When it was close to six my cell rang with an unknown number.

Chapter 21
“Emily?” It was President Scott.
“Yep.”
“You alone?”
“Aren’t I always?” he sighed sadly.
“Emily we need to talk. I’d prefer to do it in person. Dancer’s at home so can you swing by the club? I’ll meet you outside and get you in so we won’t be seen.”
“Give me thirty minutes.”
“See you then.” Hanging up I slipped on my jacket and collected my keys, wallet and cell. I was the last one in the office so I locked up and headed out to my bike. I was a good thirty minutes from the Reapers compound so I rode straight there. I grew apprehensive as I neared the gate but shook it off. My bags had my glocks and they were loaded. Pulling up in front of the president I turned the bike off and climbed off. Opening the bag I tucked a glock in the back of my pants. He raised an eyebrow and shook his head.
“Unnecessary.”
“Not in this world it isn’t.”
“Fair enough. Let’s go.” The club house sat in an industrial area and hosted a huge carpark enough to hold cars and bikes should other chapters visit. The club house itself was an old building but had high tech security. Scott led me to a side door and opened it motioning for me to go inside. There were a few members sitting outside at picnic style tables shooting the shit and drinking beers. We were basically ignored as we walked past them, none of the faces jumped out as ones I had met before. Inside we walked down a hallway and off to the right was an office. Once inside Scott locked the door and motioned for me to sit.
“So you haven’t talked to him yet I see.”
“No.” I sat on the uncomfortable desk chair across the mahogany table where Scott sat leaning back in a larger more comfortable version of the chair I sat in.
“Plan to?”
“Depends what I’m here for.”
“Seems Dancer’s pissed your Daddy’s MC off.” I swore silently under my breath and gave Scott a tight smile.
“How’s that my problem?”
“You’re probably the only one who can get him out.”
“How so?” I sat stiffly now, prepared to walk depending on how this played out.
“You have intel.”
“Be specific Pres, I’m not here to play games.”
“Dancer had a younger brother, got shot in a drive-by some years back. Guns came from your daddy’s MC. He’s selling drugs and hardware to kids Emily.” I sat stony faced and watched the president smile sadly. “I know you care.”
“That’s irrelevant. I’m waiting to hear how it is I fit into this.”
“Dancer slipped the information to some federal-“ I stood up and ran my hand through my hair.
“That dumb son of a-“
“Yes. They know it was him but can’t prove it. They’re gunning for him. I want you to use some intel, stuff Dancer couldn’t possibly know and give it to the same sources. Take the heat off Dancer.”
“How well do you think that’s going to play out for me Pres?”
“No one knows who you are.” I snorted in disbelief, he seemed serious but really didn’t understand the ramifications of what would happen if someone did find out.
“Time frame?” I asked quietly. I’d have to move fast if they had a hit on him.
“Not sure.” I nodded and prepared to walk out.
“Call a church meeting tomorrow at one. I’ll call you before that with a plan.”  I managed two steps before I was called.
“Emily! Why am I calling church? This was Dancer being reckless.” Turning I raised an eyebrow disbelieving.
“Dancer is all about this club Pres. If you think no one here knew about what he’d been doing your either dense or you haven’t got a hold of your club. Hell even you knew about it. I’m not stupid. I’ll call you tomorrow.” I left and this time I wasn’t stopped. Climbing on my bike, my breath caught as I saw Dancer’s in the lot. He obviously didn’t know I was here as this bike was a little different to the last one he saw of mine. Both Ducati’s but it was in the detail. The last bike was a standard off the showroom floor kind of bike. This one had custom paintwork and custom fittings. It had my name painted over it in loving detail.
Peeling out of the lot I wasn’t risking a chance that Dancer would see me. I needed to think. I headed home for the first time in what felt like forever. Parking in the garage I closed the door behind me and breathed a sigh of relief that no one was here to give me shit. When I tried the door, I realised all my locks had been changed. Swearing I dug out my lock pick set from my side bag in the dark and pulled out the small torch I carried with it. Switching it on I put it in my mouth to free my hands. I was in fairly easily and was almost disappointed in how easy it was. 
Flicking on the light I stilled. My house was trashed. Pizza boxes and beer bottles littered the living area. It was like I’d walked into Dancer’s house before I’d cleaned it. Groaning I pulled out a garbage bag and started tidying up. It was the last thing I felt like doing and really wanted to give Dancer a kick up the ass for trashing my house like this. 
I spent the next two hours cleaning my house from top to bottom. I was exhausted after the trying day at work playing catch up. I desperately needed a surf, but knew my body wouldn’t be up for that kind of exertion yet. I put a load of Dancer’s washing on he’s left scattered over the house and made the bed with clean sheets. It was nearly eleven when my cell rang. I didn’t check the number.
“Hello?” I yawned.
“Emily. You home?” Ah President Scott.
“Yes, about to go to bed.”
“Dancer’s… drunk.”
“So let him crash out there.”
“I guess you know by now he’s been staying in your place.” I surveyed the now clean space.
“Yes.” I acknowledged grimly.
“One of the boys were going to bring him back. He refuses to stay here.” Groaning I went to my room and packed a bag.
“Then I’ll crash out there if that’s okay?” Muttered conversation travelled over the line as I waited patiently. ”Yeah, sorry Em, that’s fine doll. You can take his room here. Take the same entrance as before, I’ll be in my office.” Snapping my phone shut I took a quick shower and dressed in jeans and a tank top. Pulling my boots back on I threw on my jacket and headed back out, grabbing my bag on the way. I stopped to grab some dinner on my way and opted for a salad. Pulling up at the clubhouse I headed straight for the side door, parking my bike around the back of the building so no one from the front of the property could see my bike. I found a tarpaulin and covered it up, making it look like scrap.
Taking my bag and my dinner I headed in and walked into Scott’s office before immediately backing out. Scott had a club whore on her knees viciously fucking her mouth. He heard the door open and looked over his shoulder.
“Ah fuck!” Holding a hand up I closed my eyes.
“My fault for walking in. Finish up by all means, it’s not like I was expected.” I added sarcastically. I turned and waited back outside at the side door, eating my salad, assuming he’d come look for me. After a few minutes I felt a tap on my shoulder and a throat clearing.
“Emily?” Closing the container of my dinner I turned and followed Scott paying just enough attention that I wouldn’t get lost. He opened a door and I walked in. A naked women lay asleep on the bed and he raised an eyebrow. I recognised her immediately as the main instigator coming around to Dancer’s place. Clapping my hands loudly she jumped up startled.
“What the fuck?!” She grumbled and rolled over so I clapped loudly again to wake her and get her attention.
“Get your skank ass out of this bed and out of this room.” She groaned and sat up. Scott snickered at my bored tone, knowing I’d met a fair share of these girls already.
“Where did Dancer go?” She looked over and pouted. I raised an eyebrow.
“Bitch please we both know he didn’t fuck you cos if he did you wouldn’t be here right now. So get your filthy slut whore ass outta here. Go find another brother to suck or fuck, that’s your job right?” 
“Fuck you!” She spat viciously.
“Not even if I was that way inclined. Out!” I clapped shepherding her out of the room. I kicked her clothes out after her, Scott laughing. “Not funny. I’m going to need a rake, some garbage bags and some clean sheets.”
“She’s not that bad Emily.”
“She doesn’t keep you awake. Or she probably does but it’s mutually beneficial.” He just laughed and waved, walking away. I hadn’t really been joking, but I had been prepared. Opening my bag I pulled out clean sheets and stripped off Dancer’s, goodness knows the last time they were changed. I only had a sheet to cover me but it would be enough, the night was cool but the clubhouse was warm. Locking the door I slid into bed that smelled like Dancer. I was just drifting to sleep when my cell rang.
“Hello?” I asked groggily into the phone.
“Have you been home?” Dancer. Ah, crap my house would be trashed again. Fuck.
“Yes.”
“Where are you now?”
“Out.”
“You sounded like you were sleeping.” He slurred accusingly.
“I was.”
“Why not sleep here?”
“Are you in my bed?”
“Not yet, maybe soon. Care to join me?”
“Dancer I have some things I need to do, right now I need some sleep. Call me tomorrow when you’re sober.” I mumbled.
“Did you listen to it Emily?”
“Yes.” I offered.
“So this is you talking to me?” He laughed without a shred of humour.
“No Dancer this is me begging to be let sleep. Call me tomorrow, maybe tomorrow I’ll come home. I swear to God though if my house looks like another pizza and beer bomb exploded I’m gonna lose my shit.” I smiled.
“Fine. I’ll call tomorrow. Good night Emily.” It was the first conversation I’d heard him have where he sounded a little bit optimistic. 
“Good night Will.” I hung up and settled into the bed falling asleep quickly. My dreams for once weren’t nightmares of the past, they were actual dreams of a future I thought I’d have as a little girl. Riding off into the sunset with a man who thought she was a princess. The man had the same long hair as Will, the same green eyes and smile that made my heart race. I woke up sweating for a whole different reason than I normally did. Checking the time on my cell I climbed from the bed and dressed. 
Chapter 22
The clubhouse was silent as I found my way back out. It was a little after dawn as I uncovered my bike and headed out for breakfast. Heading over to Courtney’s I sat out front for a while silently. I jumped as the door swung wide open and she stepped out scowling at me.
“It’s freezing. You gonna sit out here all day?” Smiling I climbed off my bike and headed in. Her house smelled of coffee and we went straight to the kitchen. Sitting on a bar stool I waited until I had coffee before talking.
“You mad?” I asked softly.
“I was hurt. But I got it before you even tried explaining yourself. So what did you need?” She asked, I looked her over and noticed she was still in her work outfit.
“You have a late one?”
“Nope, got your message assumed you’d stop by and thought I might as well wait.” Nodding I added.
“My journals.” Her eyes widened before she swallowed.
“What good is that going to do?” Frowning I waited for her to explain. “Obviously you’re giving them to Dancer right?” She looked confused, I shook my head.
“No they have some information I’m going to need.” Nodding she went to her room and came back carrying the bundle. Sighing my hands shook as I took them. I drank my coffee quickly and rinsed the cup and placing it on the sink. 
“You gonna be okay?” I looked up alarmed to see Courtney watching me sadly.
“Yeah. Thanks, I’ll call you?”
“Okay. Stay safe.” Hugging her I left and stopped in at work perusing the books and marking information that could be useful to the Reapers. Then I went to my electronic information I kept on a cloud. I had recordings of conversations, photos, video and documentation full of incriminating evidence spanning the last twenty five or so years. Checking the time I saw it was a little after twelve. Calling Scott I asked.
“Emily?”
“You call church?”
“Set for one?”
“Yes.”
“Okay so just walk in do the usual and say you’ve got someone who can help. Then get someone to come get me and I’ll go from there?”
“You sure?” There was nothing more that irritated me than someone questioning my judgement. Of course I could give them a play by play and them realise I knew what the hell I was talking about, but I just didn’t have the time or energy.
“Yeah.” Hanging up I collected the information wiped my hard drive, leaving it clean. I headed out to my bike, swapping my leather jacket for my old Death’s Angels leather jacket I owned and prayed no one would see me, before riding over to the clubhouse. I was cutting it fine. I sent Scott a message that I’d wait at his office. Parking I pulled my bag off the bike and pulled out my gun belt. Slipping it on I swallowed against the bile rapidly rising in my throat. Adding my guns I walked into the clubhouse and stood silently by Scott’s door focussing on calming my breathing. I almost had it under control when Stamps came up.
“You got to be fucking kidding me right?” I looked up coldly at his outraged voice and walked forward with my bag. Shaking his head Stamps wisely kept quiet as he showed me the way to the room the club used for church. I was still trying to focus on breathing so when the doors opened wide and I stepped forward it took all I had not to throw up. I immediately sought out Dancer’s eyes as his looked wide in alarm. 
“Everyone this is-“ Scott began
“Emily?” Dancer asked looking confused. Clearing my throat I shook my head.
“My name isn’t Emily. It’s Angelina.” I looked over at Stamps and smirked slightly. I portrayed more confidence than I felt at that point and I breathed deep, I was waiting for the penny to drop with someone. I looked around at the faces of the men who filled every available seat, men I had studied just a couple of weeks prior. An older member with a large beer gut stood and nodded toward me. Nodding back I allowed him to introduce me.
“You’ll all know of her as Billie the kid.” His gruff voice filled the room and a lot of swear words filed out. My eyes landed back on Dancer as his face paled.
“You wear their fucking colours of their club with pride in here?” One member asked in outrage, I shook my head.
“No- in embarrassment. I don’t listen to gossip and chatter about things regarding the old me. I’m here because your President informs me your VP is a fucking idiot. You need help and the best shot you’ve got is me.” Setting my bag down I peeled off the jacket and threw it at the President.
“Burn it. It was only so a few of you would know who I was anyway. Now you do, some of you may know I haven’t been associated with that club since I was fifteen. If word gets out that I’m even here you can bet your sweet asses I’m going to end the rumour starting at the source. I’ve been invisible almost ten years and it will stay that way. Questions?” I say all my words quietly as I watch Dancer’s reaction.
“He’s a dead man.” Was the first thing out of his mouth. He shifted back and patted his lap smiling tightly. Confused I watched him for more of a reaction.
“You trust this bitch?” Another member asked disgusted. I glanced over, raising an eyebrow.
“This bitch has more than twenty five years worth of information on Death’s Angels backed up with video, photo, audio and hard copied evidence. What have you got up your sleeve?” President Scott added,
“You can’t be more than twenty five yourself.” Another called.
“Twenty four. I kept journals. I also have blueprints of their clubhouse and details of every wire and camera I have in place. Including in their ‘church’.  I get new information every day. So like I said. What else have you got to offer your own club?”
“Why you wanna piss off dear old daddy?” Beer gut man asked again.
“I have my reasons. But just so you know- it’s not bullshit. I’ll let your president and VP read what I have. If you want to use what I have we will talk. You want in then I’m your girl. I mean let’s face it. Those idiots beat me and then tried to kill me without realising who I am. At least not until two seconds before I shot him in the head right?” A few nodded in agreement, more had objections.
“Why only them two?” A skinny man with a shaved head asked. Swallowing I nodded and smiled tightly.
“I was raped by a member of Death’s Angels. The journals are quite graphic if I could get away with no one ever reading them I would, but I don’t think that’s going to be an option. So take it or leave it- they are my conditions.” Dancer stood and walked over toward me. He wiped a finger down the side of my face drawing a tear away I hadn’t realised I shed. Most men grew silent. “What happened to me was violent and brutal it isn’t something I’d wish on anyone. It isn’t even something I’d wish in someone’s head. So make your choice now because I’m happy to walk and disappear. Permanently. No one will see me again. One time offer and it replaces a favour once bestowed on me.” The last two sentences were spoken directly to Dancer, who didn’t flinch, just watched me gently.
I look pointedly at Scott next who nods discreetly. I swallow again and find myself wrapped in Dancer’s arms. Holding myself stiffly in his arms I’m led over to where he was sitting before. Dancer sinks down with me in his lap. His hands resting on my hips. Opening the bag I pull out a file, not the journals. I spread various papers out to make a blue print. It’s like a jigsaw puzzle.
“Why does she get to sit on your lap VP?” Bank asked teasing, I shot him a grateful smile. Dancer let out a growl.
“Lay a finger anywhere near her and I’ll rip it off you. Brother or not.” I shook my head exasperated, ignoring the few laughs of the men, ribbing Dancer.
“When I was a little girl I found I had to amuse myself a lot, so I’d play hide and seek. The aim of my game though was not to let any brother hear or see me. I found every conceivable hiding place you can think, even the air conditioning vents. I learned to be a ghost. The first few times I was caught I got the beating of a lifetime. So I grew quite skilled. When my father realised how adept I was at this game he put me to further use. 
I learned to shoot a gun by age five. By ten I was deadly accurate. By the time I left at fifteen, I’d earned the name Billie the kid because I never missed my mark. Ever. When I was eighteen I decided to play the game again and I snuck back in and planted my cameras, recorders and various trackers throughout the compound. I’m known to be a bit of a perfectionist. There were three years missing in my plans to bring down the entire MC so I went back in and stole the rest of the information.” As I spoke I pulled out various coloured markers and started what the men would assume were doodles but were code for my planted technical bombs. 
“So these red dots here? They are cameras. The green are voice recordings only. The blue are trackers. I have everything on a cloud.”
“So Stamps can access-“
“Please why do you all think Stamps is your God’s gift to information? He’s been sat at my desk for two weeks and found nothing. And he won’t. I have the best hackers in the city working for me. The reason Stamps wasn’t recruited is simple. He just isn’t that good.” I rolled my eyes at his spluttered tone.
“Talk yourself up Billie. It takes time to hack things.” I pulled out a folder and slid it down the table toward him.
“This is a file on all known members and associates of the Reapers MC. I pulled this in an afternoon. A lot of my work was not done legally of course, so you understand that’s privileged information.” Now I had everyone’s attentions I leaned into Dancer slightly. His lips met my shoulder briefly making me stiffen, I heard his small sigh of relief. I waited for the men to flick through the file and start in on Stamps as to why this information wasn’t known before.
“Probably because I haven’t hacked FBI before!” Was his defence, I bit my lip in order to not smile.
“It doesn’t matter. I usually wouldn’t either however with my past and then my next door neighbour barging through my life I hope you can understand why that file even exists.”
“It’s okay Emily.” Scott assured me.
“I thought her name was Angelina?” Skinny man said. I still hadn’t memorised names.
“I prefer Emily. You start talking about an Angelina and if Death’s Angels even get a sniff of the fact I’m here, things will get worse for you.”
“Why is that?”
“They want me to go back.” There were looks between the men that considered my statement.
“Why after all this time?” Dancer spoke up before I could.
“Really man? Look at her? She shoots and she knows her shit. She’d be an asset.” They considered.
“They survived this long.”
“Every year I’ve been gone I have gone back and killed the same number in members. I want to kill the man who hurt me, then my father. When that’s done I’ll stop.”
“Why not give him up then?”
“They’re slow learners.” A few men snickered at my attempt at weak humour.
“So how many have you picked off over the last ten years?” Beer gut asked with humour.
“Forty six.”
“I add forty five?” Dancer asked confused.
“I got the one who tried to stomp me to death.” He nodded impressed.
“So which one is on your hit list?”
“Right now? Every one of them.” It was clear they weren’t pleased with my non-answer, but I didn’t care.
“Okay, so Emily we need to discuss.” Standing I felt Dancer’s grip tighten momentarily, but his brothers didn’t miss the movement.
“Jesus Dancer she’ll be right outside.”
“Actually I’m gonna head home.” I bent to pick up my journals. Dancer slapped my ass on my way past inciting me to call over my shoulder. “My house best be pizza and beer free when I get home.” Winking at me, he shot me a cheesy grin. I was down the hall before he called me back.
“You riding?” he asked jogging up, running his hands down my arms.
“Yes?” I asked confused.
“You need a jacket.”
“I have a spare.” His eyes narrowed. “Plain black.” He nodded and bent stopping right in front of my face waiting for me to take the last movement.  I frowned. “Will, read the journals. I’ll have them at my place.” He bent and kissed me anyway, groaning loudly. Memories of the erotic things he did to me in my dream flashed through my head. I opened to him kissing him back. I was pulled tightly into his body, his erection pressing heavily into my stomach. Coughing sounded behind Dancer, making me pull away quickly. Dancer gritted his teeth.
“Fuck off I’m coming back.” Laughter faded as the door closed. Biting my lip I watched Dancer’s face. Tense with his eyes closed and shadows under his eyes. His jaw was locked tight so I kissed his jaw. “Emily please-“
“I’ll be there.” I promised and he opened his eyes looking pained. I leaned in and kissed his lips gently. Moving back he nodded and reluctantly turned. I didn’t wait around, I’d aired enough dirty laundry today and it called for ice-cream.

Chapter 23
I hit my bike and headed home locking it in the garage along with my guns in a lockbox safe. Taking my jeep I headed to the grocery store and bought enough food for the week, getting enough for Dancer too as I doubted he’d go eat anywhere else. I’d taken longer than I realised as I headed home Dancer’s bike was already in his driveway. My front door was open as I pulled up, Dancer stormed out looking beyond furious.
“Where the fuck have you been? You said-“
“I went food shopping.” Opening the back of my Jeep I started pulling out grocery bags and handing them to Dancer. He looked confused. “You may be able to live off pizza and beer. I know I can’t and I know you eat significantly more than me, so I went shopping, I doubted my food will be any good in the fridge.” Grabbing a few bags I headed inside and put the bags on the bench and started unpacking my groceries. Dancer unloaded more and went back outside silently for more. I threw out the contents of my fridge that had expired. When I was done I looked over to see Dancer leaning against the counter watching me.
“You’re back?” He asked hesitantly, so I offered a smile tentatively.
“I live here so I guess?” I shrug. I’m snatched into his arms before I can answer much more and my mouth taken in a bruising kiss. His tongue licked my lips seeking entry. I opened immediately allowing him to deepen his kiss. Dancer lifted me and placed me on the bench, pushing my knees open to wedge himself inside my thighs. My arms wrapped around his neck pulling him closer. I teetered on the edge, my heat seeking his male hardness. His mouth moved away from mine to move down my neck, sucking, licking and nipping a trail to my shoulder.
“Wrap your legs around me baby.” I did as commanded and wrapped my legs tightly around his waist pulling him into me firmly. Moaning a little at the contact I found myself lifted off the bench and my ass cradled in Dancer’s large hands as we walked toward the bedroom. Our lips met again, his demand for me an aphrodisiac coursing through my veins. I pulled his hair free of the confining elastic band and tossed it behind him. Dark hair fell toward his face. It reached under his ears in length. I pulled my mouth away as he stopped to lean against the door, my mouth moving over his skin of his neck. Sucking his earlobe into my mouth, he groaned loudly.
Hand left my ass and tore at my jacket and tank top. I had enough strength in my legs to hold myself up for a few minutes. My jacket and shirt littered the floor, my inner self cheering loudly at Dancer’s heated gaze. Under my tank I had delicate lacy black bra which had the desired effect I’d had in mind when I’d put it on this morning. Dancer’s eyes met mine, liquid with desire. My breath caught just before the loud bang at the door.
“Fuck off!” Dancer yelled making me giggle.
“Now they know we’re definitely here. Wait here a minute and don’t answer the door.” The knock came loud again and no one answered Dancer. I ran quietly to the garage and grabbed my glocks. Running back inside to the third knock I called out.
“Who’s there?” I led Dancer to my bedroom put my finger to my lips and winked. Closing the door I walked to the front door and waited.
“Angel-“  I’d heard enough, I swung open the door and looked Paul up and down, my gun in his face.
“Emily. My name is Emily. Remember? How did you get this address?” Paul stepped back from my gun but still had the balls to look my half naked body up and down. I saw Dancer walking quietly behind Paul, coming up from behind. He didn’t stay put like I’d hoped.
“Your neighbour here?” He raised an eyebrow looking unamused. Smiling seductively I shrugged.
“I know you heard him.”
“Then why are you answering the door dressed like that?”
“I’m right here asshole. Eyes off my girl.” Dancer growled. His gun was trained on Paul’s head so I dropped mine.
“Angel-“ Dancer’s eyes widened and shifted to me questioningly.
“Last warning, I won’t hesitate Paul. I have a different name for a reason.”
“We need to talk.”
“Business hours. Call me. I have to say though you have balls showing up here.”
“Someone knows who you are.” I smiled broadly.
“I doubt that. In fact I doubt you know who I really am.” Dancer was tense.
“You sound confident. You shouldn’t be.”
“Sure I am. If you came to tell me that then you wouldn’t have called me Angel or Emily. You’d call me by another name. So I’m calling your bluff Paul. You’re fishing. Not sure how you got my address, but that’s okay, as you can see I can take care of myself.” He scoffed.
“That’s why last time I saw you, you had a black face.” His face twisted in memory, I shrugged.
“I got jumped in the shower. Friends of yours I believe.” Paul froze and Dancer twitched enough for me to hold up my hand quickly. Paul’s face paled drastically.
“How-?”
“Oh Paul. I’m good. Very, very good.”
“So you followed me?”
“Maybe I just tracked you…” He frowned and tilted his head, trying to decipher if I was telling the truth. 
“Angel- Emily. What would you say if it were that club that wanted that list not me.” I grinned.
“I wouldn’t be surprised. I’ll get you the information though. I’ll need a few days.”
“It’s been-“
“I was out of action.” Paul shot Dancer a dirty look.
“Yeah, I’m aware. Your boyfriend here didn’t do such a great job of taking care of you huh?”
“Oh he’s not my boyfriend. Just a friend… with potential benefits.” Both men stiffened, while Dancer looked livid, Paul’s face lit up with a smile.
“She’s my old lady.” Dancer tried to correct, but Paul wasn’t buying it.
“I’ll catch up with you Emily… in work hours then.” Shrugging I leaned against the door frame casually. Dancer leaned in and spoke quietly with Paul, no doubt to warn him off ‘his’ property. Letting the boys talk it out I shut the door and headed to my room. Scooping my shirt off the floor I shrugged it back on and rummaged through the fridge, pulling content out to make a quick dinner. Hearing the front door open and close I smirked into the fridge pulling out mushrooms and bacon to make a carbonara. Dancer’s large hand slapped quite firmly against my ass.
“Just a friend huh?” Another slap. Attempting to straighten, Dancer pushed me back down, grasping my hip in one hand so my ass was raised. Another slap, harder than the others. Despite the rough treatment, my panties were far damper than before, drenched and clinging to my skin. My womb was clenching.
“Danc-Will…” I moaned. Another slap this time closer to my centre. Another and another, My core felt ready to explode, before suddenly I was released. Straightening slowly I turned to Will and swallowed hard. His face was still angry, but not as fierce as outside.
“Maybe that should be your punishment? Hmm?” He asked pulling me into his body. “Making you as hot as you make me then stopping short of the finish line…” Running my hand up his chest I reminded him.
“You’re one up. Remember?”  Closing his eyes a hint of a smile floated across his face. Pushing out of his arms I walked away, leaving him to watch. I walked into my room, closing the door and did the same to the bathroom. Peeling off my clothes I stepped into the shower under a warm spray of water. The water felt cool against my overheated skin even though I knew the temperature would be what I normally would run it at. Dipping my hair back into the water I let it slide down my body. When the bathroom door open and the shower door opened, the cool air made my body shiver and my already hard nipples peak tighter.
Will’s hands reached out and cupped my breasts, flicking his thumbs over the nipples gently. My breasts felt heavy against him. When his head dipped and sucked a nipple into his mouth, I moaned loudly, holding his head there. His grip on my free breast grew impatient and rough. My breast came free of his mouth with a pop as Will paid homage to my other breast. My legs started to feel like jelly, my body giving way. Will just held me tighter to his body.
“Will, please I need to-“ letting go of my breast his mouth moved along my neck and to my mouth. 
“How many men?” Confused I answered what I thought he wanted to know.
“Just one?” He shook his head, nipping at my mouth.
“None Emily. You’re mine. I won’t share.” His hand moved down to cup me between my thighs, a single finger sliding through the folds and rubbing against my clit. This time my legs did buckle. His grin against my mouth told me he was obviously very happy with the response I’d given him. One I didn’t fake.
”Please, please, please.” I wasn’t above begging right now. 
“How many Baby?” His finger slipped inside me and I teetered on the edge of my first ever climax. 
“You know if you make me come now it’ll be the first ever right?” His hand moved away making me cry out. Will slammed his hand against the taps to switch them off and roughly pulled me from my shower. Picking me up, I managed to wrap my legs around his waist, grinding against his cock. Watching him nearly stumble made me grin, as I ran kisses down his neck, sucking off the droplets of water.
Very inelegantly Will threw me on the bed, coming over me fast, spreading my legs wide and settling between them. Lining his cock up with my entrance he paused.
“How many baby?” I grinned and kissed him hard.
“None.”  I was happy with my choice too. 
“Fucking right. I’ll try be gentle.” He pushed the tip in and paused, shuddering. Pushing forward I groaned, until it hit me.
“Wait! Will condom!” His head hit my shoulder as he swore.
“Em-“ He groaned but paused.
“No. Either stop or get a condom… Please.”
“They’re at my place. Baby I need to move.”  Will leaned up, moving in my fractionally and shuddered again. His face was twisted with torture, the same torture I too was suffering. “Come for me then I’ll pull out I promise.” With that he took my mouth and pushed the rest of the way inside me. Crying out against his mouth, Will pulled away. “You’re so tight baby. God I can feel you tightening already.” He started to move gently in me, I sincerely hoped for his sake, he’s keep his word. 
“More.” I panted pushing my hips up and into him. Groaning Will quickened his pace, shoving into me harder, touching the very ends of me. If I wasn’t so on the edge, it might have been painful, but at this point I welcomed it pushing me on. 
“Come baby.” He grunted as he slammed into me. Hovering on the edge of release was torture, I made a whimpering sound which has Will shifting onto his knees and stuffing a pillow under my backside. His thrusts were almost brutal now, definitely hitting the end of me. As his finger dipped down and stroked against my clit I lost it. “Ah fuck yes! Beautiful…” He growled as I climaxed, I’m not really sure what sound I made, it was unintelligible. Will slowed slightly drawing the climax out as long as possible. 
“Oh God..” Panting I looked up to his face, which grinned down at me.
“Close. You got another one in you?” He asked, pinching my nipple with one hand and teased my clit with the other. 
“I don’t think I can do that again.” But even as I said it, I could feel a tightening build again. I wasn’t entirely sure my body would cope with another climax that explosive. 
“Hmm I think you can. Feel so good baby. I can feel you getting tight again.” He moved faster again and I tried my best to move with him. Without sitting up I could pretty much only touch his legs and abs. Running my hands up and down, I noted he seemed to like my touching him. Then I thought fuck it. Using my legs to my advantage I flipped Will over to his back.
“My turn. Tell me when you need to come.” Giving me a nod I smiled wickedly at him. Moving my hips experimentally he groaned. His hands moved quickly to my hips, showing me what he liked. Bending I kept my pace and trailed my lips and tongue over his chest, running my tongue over his nipples, his hands moved my hips faster.
“Fuck baby, you need to come.”  Both out bodies were covered in sweat. My body ground into his and I quickly found myself on my back again. I started making that sound again before I could stop myself. Will’s hands travelled down and pinched my clit. Groaning he ordered. “Come on baby, get there.” The strain of holding himself back showed on his face. Closing my eyes I tipped my head back just about to tip over the edge. “Eyes on me!” He snapped, my eyes flew open to watch him just as my release hit.
“Will!” I called as his thrusts grew ragged and less smooth. Half way through my climax he pulled out quickly as warm liquid hit my stomach.
“Eme!” He roared, taking himself in hand to ride out his own release. When he finished his body collapsed over mine. 

Chapter 24
“Damn that was close.” Trying to shove him away, Dancer moved to my side, pulling me into his body.
“That’s not funny.” I snapped, my afterglow fading quickly. He just chuckled and kissed the side of my head. His nose and mouth nuzzled against me as he asked quietly.
“How do you feel?”
“I was feeling great until you opened your mouth.” Pushing him away again didn’t work, his arms just tightened. His grin against my skin, just made me want to slap him, but I did grin in spite of myself.
“Well I feel fucking fantastic. But we need to go to my place and get some condoms, cos next time I want to come inside you. Though it would be better with nothing between us again.” I narrowed my eyes at him.
“I’m not on the pill or anything Dancer. That’s not even an option.” He trailed his fingers through the come coating my stomach.
“I could just keep coming on you. It’s fucking hot.”
“And messy.”
“Fine. Come on let’s shower. You can wash me.” Rolling my eyes I moved off the bed and headed to the bathroom. Jumping in the shower I started to wash myself but the second I was all soapy, Will’s hands start to ‘assist’. 
“I think I’m clean.” I teased as I used the soap to wash the come from his body. 
“Hmm we need to hurry up?” Frowning I looked up at him.
“Why?”  He looked very serious when he answered.
“Because I plan to fuck you again before you cook me dinner.” 
“Wow… so because I let you fuck me, you think it makes me your bitch?” Pulling me flush against his body he bent to kiss me. Hovering above my lips, I knew what he was about to say.
“Not my bitch, my old lady.” Running my hands over his chest and around his neck I said simply.
“Wow you must have a lot of old ladies then.” In reply Dancer slapped my ass. Hard. Sighing I tried a different tactic. “I don’t remember agreeing to be your old lady Will.” Scoffing he changed his own tactics and lifted me up against him, dragging his fully erect cock against my body. Wrapping my legs around his hips, I realised that I don’t actually think he softened at all. 
“Who said I was giving you a choice?” He asked bitterly right before slamming into me.
“Ah fuck!” I cried out, not quite ready for all of him at once.  I’d seen quite a few naked men, but Dancer was by far the largest. My finger nails dug into his neck at the intrusion. He didn’t stop and check on me, he just moved closer to the tile wall and leaned my shoulders into it and started thrusting into me. No finesse, just wild and hungry. My shoulders slipped against the tile from the force of his thrusts. I couldn’t move, just hold on and hope he didn’t drop me.
My release was building and I wasn’t ready for it. Too hard and too fast and I wasn’t sure my body felt up to the challenge. Will’s face was tight in concentration, eyes closed and not looking at me. Right now I think he could be fucking anyone and it wouldn’t matter who. My heart shattered a little when I realised I’d seen the same expression ten years prior. It was one I would have been happy never to see again.
“Will? Not like this please..” My voice sounded pleading, but he looked at me. His eyes were blazing with a mix of anger and desire. Pulling myself closer with the intent to stand, Will let out a feral groan. I had already been hovering on the edge of release, but tipped over the edge as I felt a hot rush of fluid inside. When he’d finished, my body was pushed back into the wall as his mouth took mine in a punishing kiss. Silent tears leaked from my eyes as I’d realised what he’d deliberately done.  It took him a moment to realise I wasn’t kissing him back.
“Emily-“ Sniffling I shook my head unlacing my legs from him.
“You need to go.” He hadn’t let me go yet so I hung in his arms, limp. Gently he put me back on my feet and pushed my hair back from my face. I shrank away from his touch and slid down the tiled wall to sit in the bottom of the shower. I rested my head on my knees, trying not to cry or scream. Quickly he too bent down to my level.
“Emily, I-“
“Just go.” I sobbed and he stood, turned and left me in the shower. Staying on the floor of the shower I stayed there crying until the water ran cold and sat there still even when my body started shaking uncontrollably. Suddenly the water shut off and I was lifted back up and wrapped in a fluffy towel and strong arms. I fought against him, until he conceded and stepped away.  Keeping the towel on me I walked to my room and dressed quickly in warm clothes. 
“Eme, please talk to me. I know you’re mad, but-,” I didn’t say a word just walked out and waited at the front door for him to follow. I opened it wide and waited. His sigh was loud in the bedroom. “I get another fucking chance and I can’t even get that fucking right.” He mumbled to himself. 
“Emily? You okay?” I turned to see Tigg sitting on my front porch. I just shook my head quickly. He walked over and touched my shoulder gently, I froze on the contact and knew I had to get my shit together, I wasn’t going to get to do that here, there was no way Dancer would allow it. “Emily? What’s wrong?”
“Just make him go away.” I whispered squeezing my fists together to stop my hands shaking. 
“Go away Tigg, I got this.” Dancer growled coming out from the bedroom.
“I don’t think you do brother. She wants you to go.” Tigg grimaced. He was a prospect standing up to his VP. Not good.
“Tigg. Shut the door and back away.” Dancer’s voice was warning. Swallowing I turned to Tigg.
“It’s not worth your prospect tag. I’ll be okay.” Even as I said it tears welled in my eyes making Tigg pause.
“Emily you get Courtney would have my balls?” He whispered.
“Tigg-“ Dancer stepped forward and my hand automatically shot up to hold him back.
“I got this.” Tigg nodded and went and resumed his position on my front porch staying in line of sight.
“Shut the door Emily and talk to me.” I left the door open but turned to him. A stray tear slipped free.
“That’s the difference between you two. At least you want to talk after.” Dancer looked thoroughly confused.
“Me and Tigg?”
“No you and the last person to want me as an old lady.” His face clouded over in raw fury.
“I am nothing like him!” He yelled at me, I didn’t pause or flinch.
“How can you be so sure of that? From where I’m standing you both did the exact same thing, the difference is the first time with you I was willing. But you’re trying to trap me into the position the same way.”  Dancer recoiled back.
“Emily that isn’t-“
“It’s exactly the same thing. I said no. I meant no. But my choices didn’t matter to either one of you. So right now Dancer, that’s why you need to leave,” He looked about ready to throw up. I released my hands, letting them shake as I was sure I’d almost drew blood with my fingernails. I closed my eyes and concentrated on breathing as a therapist had once shown me. 
“I’ll go tonight, but I’m not giving up Emily. It wasn’t the same thing. The difference is I love you-“ My eyes snapped open to his.
“You don’t know me well enough to love.”  His features softened.
“And yet it doesn’t change the fact. I get you don’t love me now, but I hope you will. So I’ll see you tomorrow.” Walking toward me to kiss me I turned away, sighing he walked out the door and closed it quietly. I ran to the bathroom and sank to my knees and threw up the meagre contents of my stomach. When I was done I rose and brushed my teeth. Packing a bag of clothes for overnight, I went to the kitchen and forced myself to make the carbonara I had previously planned to make. Wrapping a bowl for Tigg I, then one for me, I figured I had plenty of work I could catch up on as I knew sleep would be impossible. 
Scooping up my keys, glock and cell I walked out the front and locked the door. Tigg wasn’t at his post so I figured he was at Dancer’s. I just loaded my bag and dinner in the car when Tigg flew out of Dancer’s door backwards. Landing sprawled in the dirt I ran over to him, jumping the small fence that divided the two properties. Tigg stood and charged back up the steps.
“Isn’t she doing enough for you! Or is this club trying to fuck her over as bad as you are?”
“You have no idea what the fuck is happening.”
“Yeah well I heard the fucking conversation you two just had.” The sound of fist meeting face echoed in the quiet as Tigg fell backward but this time I was there to catch him. Eyeing Dancer with warning he stayed inside his house. 
“Fuck!” He yelled running his hand through his hair.
“Come on Tigg, I’ll take you to Courtney’s.” Nodding he straightened and stalked to my car. Shaking my head I followed behind him.
“Em-“
“Save it Dancer. I’m done.” The sound he made was painful. He ran to stand in front of me holding his hands up, I stopped before he actually touched me.
“No baby. Don’t-“
“Get out of the way before I make you.” He looked miserable but dropped his hands.
“Emily please let me explain. I know you don’t want to hear it right now. But tomorrow, call me tomorrow.”
I didn’t answer I just stepped around him. He let me go and I climbed in my car. Starting the engine I reversed out the driveway and headed over to Courtney’s. Tigg stayed silent as he stanched the flow of blood from his nose with a packet of tissues he found in the car. As I pulled up to Courtney’s the door flew open, when I helped Tigg from the car she ran down. 

Chapter 25
“Oh honey what happened?”
“His dinner is in back.” Courtney just nodded and collected a plate of pasta. I was sure Tigg had a concussion, but Courtney could keep him awake for the night. He seemed dizzy so I eased him on the couch with a fresh box of tissues.
“What happened?”
“Dancer. He can fill you in. I’ve got to head to work.” Courtney looked confused.
“What? It’s night time. Why on earth would Dancer-?”
“He can explain. He’s probably got a concussion…”
“I’m onto it.” Nodding I kissed her cheek.
“Night Court, Night Tigg.” He waved a hand at me as I left them to it. I went back to my car and headed to my office. Once inside I armed the alarm so it knew I was inside but to stay armed. Once inside my office with my dinner I booted up my laptop and got stuck into my work. I ate about half of the carbonara and put the rest in my small fridge. I sat at my computer my fingers flying over the keyboard compiling information on the names that Paul had given me. 
I worked through the night, only stopping for coffee. I was on a roll and didn’t want to stop. I found the connection with the names and my father’s MC. I’m not sure why Paul would give me these names. Compiling the information into piles for Anthony to make into a binder. I started in on what I could find on Billie The Kid. It amused me no end that I did this. I didn’t hold anything back, I did find that the FBI wanted to see her for questioning and made a note of the agent’s name for future checking. 
When the information was done It was almost eight in the morning. Anthony breezed in and clear jumped out of his skin when he found me already here.
“Oh my gosh! Did you even go home?”
“Yes. I’m not talking about it. I need coffee. Then I need this information in a binder and labelled.” Anthony stood and watched me for a minute and must have realised my don’t fuck with me mood.
“Okay.” Simple and direct then he disappeared before re-appearing with my coffee and a blueberry muffin. He disappeared again without a word and with the stacks of papers I had compiled for Paul. I did a search on the FBI agent who wanted to contact Billie. From everything I could find- and I hacked everything I shouldn’t- he appeared clean. Not one single tie to the MC. Picking up the phone I blocked the number, made sure the phone has a re-router on and dialled.
“McKay.” He sleepy voice filled the line after only two rings.
“Good morning Agent McKay. I hear you are looking for a mutual friend.”
“Who is this?” He was awake now and I could hear shuffling fabric, so I assumed he was climbing from bed.
“Relax Agent. Let’s meet. My apologies for waking you this morning, especially after closing such a big case. I do realise today is a day off for you, but unfortunately time is of the essence.”
“Which mutual friend?” Ah, he was smart. I liked him already.
“Someone who has been missing for almost ten years.”
“How do you know I’m looking for her specifically?” I made a disgusted sound.
“I am the best at what I do Agent McKay. You’re name came up. I have to admit I hadn’t researched her in a while.”
“And what information do you have that you could possibly offer? Our best guess is the Death Angel’s killed her.” I sighed.
“She’s alive.”
“Prove it.”
“I am.”
“You expect me to take your word for it?”
“Ask me anything.”
“What was the name of your son?” I smiled sadly and sniffed.
“It was a girl. Her name was Seraphine. Sera for short. I’m not entirely sure how you would know that information though Agent. Her birth was never recorded.”
“Jesus Billie…” He sounded breathless. “Why are you making contact now?”
“How did you know I had a daughter?”
“We had photos of you pregnant at the time, but no idea who the father was. Our best guess was a member. Is she with you?”
“No they took her away from me a long time ago. I’m making contact now because I plan to take down the club. I can do that with help or without. I thought I would give you a choice.”
“Billie, I can’t let you do this. Let me in. Give the FBI the information they need.”
“I’ll consider it.”
“I’m not going to hear from you again am I?”
“Goodbye Agent McKay.”
“Goodbye Billie.” Hanging up the phone I pondered. McKay could always be my Plan B… or C. Pulling out my cell I dialled Scott.
“Emily this is too fucking early.” He groaned answering making me grin.
“I know, thought it would give you a chance to not so gently kick the skank out of your bed without awkwardness.”
“Who says it was going to be awkward?” I laughed humourlessly.
“I need your answer.”
“Why the rush? Sweet I know you and Dancer fought last night. He’s at the clubhouse, no doubt passed out by now.”
“I want an answer by noon.” Hanging up, I put a call into Paul.
“Angel! Good morning.”
“Finally I call someone who is awake. We need to meet later today. I have your file ready.”
“Wow last night must have bombed for you.”
“Hmph. I don’t kiss and tell.”
“Oh Angel I think it was obvious. You know he has a reputation.” 
“As did you Paul. I’m not talking about my relationship with Dancer. I have your file. Anthony can deliver it and he’ll leave you the invoice. Have a great day.”
“Whoa hold up. What’s with the brush off?”
“Seriously? Think back to last night. I don’t even want to know how you know where I lived.”
“I had you followed.”
“Ahhh well turnabout is fair play I guess.”
“Yes we need to get to that.”
“No we don’t. I have plenty of work right now so have a good day.” Ending the call I slumped in my chair. I needed a walk, to stretch. Something. No I needed to surf. I let Anthony know to get the file to Paul with an invoice and I’d be back soon. Heading home I noticed Dancer wasn’t in yet. When my cell rang I groaned.  Realising it was Courtney I answered.
“Hey.”
“Okay Tigg is asleep so I have to make this fast.”
“Okay?”
“He told me this when he was kind of out of it, so keep that in mind. He heard a few conversations with Dancer. He’s pretty sure Dancer has been screwing around. I’m telling you this because I know it’s important. He’s not entirely sure what happened between you last night, but when he walked into Dancer’s it was a mess.”
“Got it Court. I got this babe. Thanks.”
“You know where I am.” I hung up and collected my lock picking set.  Giving myself a moment I stripped out of my clothes and into a simple black string bikini and denim cut offs. Loading my surfboard into my car, I went back in and collected my lock pick and went to Dancer’s. Taking a calming breath I opened the door and stepped in. Courtney was right. His place was trashed. Though it looked more like a break in. A lamp had been smashed into the wall, shattered glass littered the wooden floor. 
Looking to the left where his bedroom was I pushed open the door and closed my eyes. Taking another breath, I opened then and gagged. The bed was messed, a lacy pink bra sticking out of the sheets and a used condom on the floor. Using my cell I snapped off a few pics and left. Getting in my car I figured the beach would wait. Driving over to the clubhouse, I parked and slipped on some flip flops before walking inside. 
The doors were unlocked, I mean who the hell would walk into an MC clubhouse unless they were bat shit crazy? Oh that’s right. Me. Finding my way to Dancer’s room I opened the door quietly and nearly threw up. Dancer was sound asleep, naked with my sheet covering his lower half. A redhead that I’d chased from the front yard on numerous occasions was passed out next to him naked. Taking a breath I closed the door and sat on a chair in the corner of the room. I wasn’t quiet about it at all but neither person stirred.
After half an hour I got sick of waiting. The room was dark but sunlight pushed it’s way under the cracks of the blinds leaving enough light in the room for me to see. Letting out a loud clap, Dancer startled.
“Baby-“ He groaned, raising a hand to cover his head. I sat there with gritted teeth and watch him slide his other hand over the girls ass and freeze. Sitting up quickly he looked over at her. “Cassie what the fuck!” I tilted my head and watched it play out. When she didn’t move he shoved her off the bed where she landed with a solid thump.
“Dancer!” She cried out as she woke.
“What the fuck are you doing in here Cassie? It fucking better be good.” I knew he hadn’t seen me yet, he was angled away slightly. Redhead climbed onto her knees and groaned.
“You don’t remember?”
“Fuck this shit. I came to bed alone. I’m with Emily.”
“The uptight bitch? Please she’s such a cock-block. I can fix that for you.” I hid the smile from my face. 
“Not interested. Get out.”
“Please you say that today, last week-“ She froze when she saw me and I smiled tightly. That right there was the final nail in his coffin. Dancer tensed, standing up I walked to the door. The shock on his face was evident.
“No! No Emily!” He called, I opened the door and turned to see him trying to pull on a pair of jeans.
“I’ll do the part I promised the president. That’s as far as this goes. If anything results from yesterday I’ll take care of it.” The girl Cassie, looked triumphant over his shoulder. Dancer looked at me horrified, paused and swallowed then ran to the bathroom. I could hear him throwing up in the bathroom as I turned to leave. I heard the redhead follow but honestly didn’t think she would be stupid enough to try anything. I was clearly very wrong. Heading out toward the main bar area I felt her two hands touch my shoulders and shove me forward. My chin clipped a corner part of the wall, making my lip bleed. 
Raising my hand to touch my lip if frowned. Looking up I saw Bank and two other members sitting in the bar nursing coffee cups. Keeping my eye on the brothers I tilted my head for recognition. They smiled and raised the cups in salute.
“He doesn’t need you. Shit was great while you were gone so go back where you came from. Oh and you owe me for the holes you put in my car.” Turning to Cassie I offered her a frosty smile.
“Touch me again and I’ll break your hand. Maybe your arm… I’m still deciding. But your skanky slutiness is ruining my calm mood so you better decide soon.” She clenched her fist and I prepared. As her temper flared so did her arm. Her swing was wide and ill timed. Dodging I used her forward momentum to slam her hand into the wall. Her knuckles busted open, but nothing broke. I grabbed her neck and shoulder prepared to make her face follow the path of her hand.
“Emily!” Scott called toward me in a warning tone. I stopped but kept a tight grip on Cassie’s neck.
“Nah Pres, she’s got this, Cassie has the balls to throw down, I say let Emily go.” Bank said calmly, I darted my eyes to Scott coldly, he offered an incline to his head allowing me to finish. I let Cassie go and walked to the door, her scream sending chills down my spine. Her fists tangled in my hair and I lost it. Slamming my foot down on hers, then my elbow into her rib, her hands loosened their grip. Spinning around my fist flew into her face, when she staggered back I hit her again and again. When she fell to the floor, her face streaming blood from her nose and mouth I stopped and stepped back.
“I get you’re probably from some trailer park. But here’s a word of advise. You fight like a bitch. Before you try to start a fight with someone make sure you get a measure on their skills, because next time you come at me, I won’t go easy.” Straightening I glanced at my shaking hands and grimaced, I cut my fist on the skank’s tooth. Disgusting. Looking up Dancer looked on shocked, with Scott standing beside him fuming.
“Emily. Where does this leave us?” He asked gripping Dancer’s shoulder tightly.
“Right now I need to calm down before I explode, we both know what happens when I do.” He nodded stiffly at my cold answer, when Dancer went to come to me, Scott held him tighter.
“Eme-“ It appeared Dancer wasn’t above begging. I turned on my foot and left. Cassie was wise enough to stay down. Climbing into my jeep, Bank ran and jumped in the passenger side, I ignored him and headed for the beach. Even pulling my car into the car park my hands were still shaking with rage. Bank climbed out and went to sit on the beach and watch. 

Chapter 26
Getting out my surfboard I shucked my shorts and walked down to the beach. Wading out a few steps I jumped on my board and started paddling. There weren’t many surfers out today, the waves were huge which generally meant a storm was on the way. I didn’t bother with a wetsuit and it didn’t matter too much the water wasn’t too cold. After a few sets, my body protested the movements and I headed in. Back on shore now I was feeling much calmer and far more awake. Flicking my hair back, I breathed in the salty ocean air. Taking my board I headed for the outdoor showers. Bank nodded and headed over to my car to wait.
“Hey good lookin. Haven’t seen you around much.”
“Hamilton. To what do I owe today’s pleasure?” I smiled at him, wow I must really have been desperate for that surf. He beamed at me.
“A date. As always.” He laughed.
“Even though the biker choked the shit out of you?”
“I’ve had worse.” I laughed and nodded.
“I’m sure you have.” He shrugged good naturedly. “You get that date is never going to happen right?”
“Of course. Doesn’t mean I’m going to stop trying!” I laughed and kept walking.
“So is that a maybe?” I turned and called back
“No!” I laughed and turned back to the showers. Heading up I rinsed the sand and salt from my body and my board. Heading back to my jeep, I sighed when I saw Dancer waiting. He tensed and shifted nervously. Looking back to the beach I seriously contemplated going back out. Shaking myself I walked over to my car and grabbed my keys from their hiding place and shoved my board in the back. Bank, still silent climbed in and averted his eyes. Slamming the door I turned to climb in, but Dancer shifted to block the door. 
“You made a mess of her face.” I just stared at him blankly and he groaned. “That’s not what I wanted to say. Emily, Cassie and I didn’t do anything. I promise.” Walking around the other side of my car Bank handed me my phone and I scrolled through the menu to pull up the pictures. Walking back around I handed him the phone, shoved him to the side and climbed in my car. “What the fuck? When were you in my place?” He asked confused.
“This morning, right before I came to the clubhouse. So you’ll excuse me if I don’t believe a god damned word that comes from your mouth.” With that I slammed the door, locked it and started my car, I didn’t even worry about my cell, it was replaceable. I headed to work even though I only had on a bikini. I had shorts in the back. When I arrived I slipped them on and added the flip flops. Walking inside I waved to the receptionist on my way to my office. Bank assured me he had a ride coming.
Stamps rose from my desk quickly as I entered. Glaring at him, I noticed my hands were beginning to shake.
“Calm down.” I concentrated on my breathing. My hands didn’t stop shaking and I was infinitely glad I didn’t usually carry my guns. This was the reason why. “He didn’t sleep with her.” I shook my head.
“Why are you here?”
“Fuck you turn hot and cold so damn much. He didn’t sleep with her, isn’t that what you wanted to know?” I leaned over my desk and I couldn’t help but notice his eyes drop to my barely concealed breasts.
“Whether they slept is kind of irrelevant don’t you think? Whether I’m hot or cold also shouldn’t matter to you, what should matter is how efficiently I do my job. I’m assuming seeing as you are still here you still can’t access anything on my computer so do me a favour and get the fuck out.”
“Emily the President sent me.”
“Then speak quickly.”
“He’s not sure you’ll follow through- because of Dancer. He wants to know how bad he fucked it up.”
“You can tell him I’ll return his favour then we’re even. If he needs to make contact I’ll be sure to call a new number through.” For all the bravado of these bikers they didn’t exactly know how to deal with a pissed off woman.
“Do the plans change?”
“Constantly.” Stamps moved back and walked to the door. He hit it and turned I stood where I was and didn’t move.
“He didn’t fuck her either. You don’t have to believe me. But I was the one who sent the girls to his place while you were gone. I was hoping he’d get the fuck over you. I get why he’s hung up Emily, you’re gorgeous and smart. But he’s my brother and I won’t see him hurting anymore.”
“Maybe he’s not the one hurting this time.” I offered and swallowed against the tears that began to pool in my eyes.  Stamps didn’t say anything else, he just nodded and left, I was very glad. Grabbing a tissue I wiped at my eyes roughly. I spent the remainder of the afternoon working through correspondence for new clients and settling things for old. By the time I was done it was eight pm. I was beyond exhausted. Heading home, I was infinitely glad when I pulled up and Dancer wasn’t there. Inside I locked myself in and made a sandwich. Taking a quick shower I pulled on panties and a tank top and slid into bed.

Chapter 27
If I weren’t so tired, I’d consider washing my sheets again, but exhaustion had well and truly set in. Sleep took me quickly, however I found myself waking quickly when I heard my front door close. Opening my bedside drawer I took out a glock I kept handy, but put it back when I saw Dancer walk into my room, pulling off his shirt.
“Remind me to take my keys off you. Go home Dancer.” Rubbing a hand over my face tiredly, I looked over at him. Ignoring me he walked over and put my cell down, not actually glancing at me once. Toeing off his boots, he sat on my bed and removed his socks, he hadn’t said a word. “Dancer! Go home.” Again he ignored me and took off his jeans and boxers. Tugging the sheets back he slipped in, that was about the time I glimpsed his face straight on. Reaching over he pulled me over to his body.
“You know what, today has been a shit day. Right now all I want to do is hold my woman and sleep. Yell at me tomorrow.” Shifting he moved over to kiss me, I turned my head and planned to get up. His arms snapped out and banded me to him, his hand snaked up my body and gripped my chin, forcing me to face him. I was about to tell him to let me go as he took my mouth roughly. It took all my self-will not to kiss him back. When he let my mouth free, he looked angry.
“I don’t want this.” I said looking him in the eye so he knew I was serious.
“Too bad, I’m done waiting on you.” Trying to shove against him to get free, his arms banded around me tightly again. “Go to sleep Emily.”
“Dancer-“ He cut me off.
“Swear to god, either go to sleep or I will tie you to the fucking bed and tape your mouth shut.” He was serious. 
“Let me go.” Growling low in his throat I added. “You’re hurting me.” His grip instantly loosened, turning away from him I stayed in my bed and lay on my side, he sighed in relief and spooned in behind me, wrapping me gently in his arms. I hated how good it felt to be here like this, hated that I knew I would miss it soon enough. Sadly I closed my eyes and willed sleep to come again, my body aching with it’s need for rest. Dancer brushed his lips against the bare skin at my shoulder, then the back of my head. He repositioned me so that his leg was draped over my lower one, his arm tucked under my neck and the other over my waist, holding me to him.
He fell asleep quickly, his breathing evening out. As his body relaxed so too did mine and I fell asleep. The next time I came awake was early as usual, my body feeling infinitely better than yesterday. As my eyes opened my mind flickered in recognition that Dancer was here and I was boiling hot. I lay on my back with his body circled tightly around mine, his head rested on my chest, his leg still draped over mine, his arms wrapped around me. 
“Go back to sleep.” He grumbled.
“I have work.”
“Not this fucking early Emily, go to sleep.” He didn’t move, obviously comfortable where he was.
“Yes this early.” He grunted but still made no attempt to move off me. When I moved, his arms tightened. “Dancer, let me go. Now.” I snapped irritated. He let me go and flopped back on his pillow. Getting up I grabbed out a turquoise bikini and black cotton shorts and walked into the bathroom. Stripping I used the facilities, brushed my teeth, braided my hair and dressed. Opening the door I slammed straight into Dancer’s chest. Moving to the side assuming he wanted the bathroom, my irritation flared when he didn’t move, at least he bothered to pull on his jeans. Looking up to his face he looked annoyed at my clothing choice.
“That isn’t work attire.”
“Sure it is. I work for myself.” I offered tightly.
“How long will you be like this?”
“Like what?” He grinned cockily.
“Jealous.” My laughter erupted sounding harsh, his grin slipping.
“I’m not jealous Dancer, that’s your thing. I just don’t knowingly fuck guys that fuck other people. I’d rather be alone.”
“I didn’t fuck her.” He snapped, I raised an eyebrow and looked at him disbelievingly.
“Want me to go through everything I’ve seen again?” I shoved at him to move past him but he was solid and didn’t budge. “Move.”
“Nope. So because you saw a naked club whore in my bed you assume I fucked her. Because you break into my place and see shit you really had no-“ I started laughing again.
“Really? How many times have you let yourself into my place uninvited? She was naked, you were naked. You are a member of an MC and you have such a stellar reputation, excuse me if I call bullshit.” He raised an eyebrow and stepped into me, I stood my ground.
“Cassie passed out there, after I was asleep. That shit you saw in my place was from when you were gone and I remember you moving past that.” Moving fast I slammed my knee into his groin, watching as he folded in on himself, groaning.
“Move past that. I never moved past anything. You lied. I don’t do liars. Make sure you leave my keys behind when you leave.” Shoving past him as he doubled over in pain I scooped up my gun, cell and keys and headed out. Sunlight was just beginning to show and I breathed in. This was my favourite time of day. Starting my car I headed to the beach. I felt only a fraction of remorse for kneeing Dancer in the balls but in all fairness if I had of done it yesterday he would have been in a whole world of hurt.
Parking my car I grabbed my board and kicked off my shorts. Locking up and hooking my keys in their hiding place I moved down the beach and stopped. The swell was huge today. 
“You aren’t going out in that right?” A guy asked to my right. His board lay on the sand and he sat glumly next to it.
“Yep.” I grinned. Jogging out I threw my board down and paddled out. 
“Wait! I’m coming!” Looking over my shoulder I grinned and kept my pace up. Once I was out in it, I caught a wave quickly. The man from the beach and I shared waves and the morning light. When hunger started to gnaw at me I indicated I’d had enough and caught my last wave in. On the beach, he walked up beside me. “Hey you’re pretty good.”
“It’s just my morning exercise. I’ll catch you around.” He was pretty cute for a young surfer. He was maybe early thirties, sun bleached hair, blue eyes and tanned. 
“Hey can I get your name?” I kept walking up to the showers and he ran to catch up.
“I’m Emily.” He pushed his hand out.
“I’m Curtis.” I shook his hand and smiled but kept walking. I rested my board on the fence and rinsed myself off. “So why don’t you wear your wetsuit?”
“I’ve been a little impatient to hit the water.” I laughed.
“Oh I haven’t been complaining.” I frowned at him. “I’ve seen you here quite a bit, but you never talk to anyone or come with anyone. I’ve seen you talk to Hamilton a few times. That guy needs to give it up.” I laughed again and nodded. “That’s a really beautiful sound Emily. You laughing, but I guess you’ve been told that a bit huh?”
“Curtis?” He blushed and nodded. “Ever think maybe there’s a reason I don’t surf with anyone or talk much?”
“I was hoping it was because you’re shy?” I grinned.
“Nah. It’s just the water calms me. My life gets really crazy so I have to be careful who I make friends with.”
“So… a bad girl huh?” Switching off the shower and grabbing my board, I winked over my shoulder and waved.
“You have no idea.” I got about five steps before Dancer filled my vision looking beyond furious. Rolling my eyes I copied my movements from yesterday. Today he grabbed me and slammed me into the car door.
“Hey man! Ease up!” Curtis yelled out running toward us.
“It’s okay Curtis I got this.” I waved at him to turn back around.
“No it’s not. Take your hands off her!” His arm was about to touch Dancer’s shoulder, who was still looking at me intently, his jaw grinding against itself. My hand shot out to catch Curtis’. Dancer’s mouth tightened in a grimace.
“The only one who should get their hands off her is you. Walk away.”
“Emily, you can come with me.” I shook my head.
“He won’t hurt me Curtis. You both should be worried about what I’ll do.” I smirked but Curtis didn’t relax. I let his hand go and slid it to the front of Dancer’s chest. Pushing him away I grinned at him. “Isn’t that right Will?” He made a feral sound and bent to kiss me. I was still faster and shifted to the side.
“Emily-“ Dancer’s tone held a warning to it that I chose to ignore.
“Emily you might think you’re bad ass but he’s a-“
“Biker? Yes I’m well aware and yet I hold my own. Honestly thankyou for your concern but I’ll be fine.” I smiled lightly, Dancer spun around and pulled me into his body, kissing my shoulder and marking his territory.
“Walk pretty boy. She’ll be fine. Emily’s mine and I wouldn’t lift a hand to her.” I coughed to cover a laugh, earning a sharp nip on my neck from Dancer. Curtis frowned at me disbelieving.
“Curtis trust me if he gets rough I’ll just kick him in the balls again. Or I’ll use his gun to shoot him.” Curtis grudgingly grinned, realising I’d done it before. Twice now actually.
“Sure Emily. I’ll see you around.” I nodded and waved, as soon as he turned I elbowed Dancer in the stomach.
“I’m surprised you didn’t piss on my leg.” Scrunching my nose in disgust I bent to retrieve my keys that were… missing. Straightening I held my hand out to Dancer. He shook his head and pulled me into his body, my wet bikini not deterring him. 
“Well if I thought whipping my dick out would have helped my cause I may have considered it.”
“I didn’t think you were into guys, but hey I’ve been wrong about you before.” His hand came down hard across my ass, making me flinch.
“You are a master at twisting my words. So while we are on that subject-”
“Dancer I really do have to get to work now.”
“You didn’t bring spare clothes.”
“Then I’ll sit there in my bikini, I’ve done that plenty, in fact I did it yesterday! I have a lot to do.” Grabbing my board he unlocked my car and threw it in none too gently. He slammed the door and I slid into the drivers seat waiting for him to hand me the keys. Instead I was pulled from the car and thrown over his shoulder. His bike was a few cars down from mine and he carried me to it like I weighed nothing. Swinging himself over his bike, he settled me on his lap facing him.
“I could make this really hard for you.” I offered with a forced grin, he replied with a genuine one.
“Too late and my nuts are still recovering so play gentle.” Scooting as close as possible, I was basically sitting in his lap and wrapped my legs around him. He watched me warily until I bent my head, using my nose to trail down his neck, then nipped not very gently down to his shoulder. He didn’t stop me just tightened his muscles.
“Gentle enough?” I purred in his ear, his hands gripped my hips as he rocked into me pressed his hard on into my core.
“I like it rough, but next time you bite me it better be when you’re going to scream my name.” He growled kissing my mouth briefly. 
“I’ll sit on back.” I unwound my legs and attempted to stand when he stopped me.
“I like this position.” Gritting my teeth I pushed against his hands to stand anyway.
“Yes I’m sure there are others that do too.” His hands caged me in.
“If I say I didn’t fuck anyone Emily I didn’t. You’re pissing me off. I’ve always been honest with you. I let her suck my cock while you were gone and that’s it. I didn’t even blow.” I just gave him a bored expression. “Don’t give me that look.”
“And if I told you that I let a guy go down on me but I didn’t come?” His face clouded over in anger so raw if I was anyone else I’d take it back.
“They’d be dead.” I gave him my super sweet smile.
“So I get the same privilege is what you’re saying?” I raised an eyebrow and he grinned.
“Nope. Because she’s club property.”
“Then I guess I’ll stay an individual private contractor.” His smile faded.
“Why would you want to kill some whore Em?” I fluttered my eyelashes innocently.
“I didn’t say I wanted to. My point is Dancer is you have double standards. You expect that I would let you fuck around but it’s not okay for me. That would never be okay for me. What would you do if you walked into my place and I was asleep naked in my bed and there was a naked guy next to me? Would you believe me when I told you that I absolutely did not do a thing with him?” His face darkened again. “What about if you walked into my place and found a pair of men’s boxers in my bed with messy sheets and a used condom on the floor?” His fingers bit in painfully at my sides.
“Why would there be a naked man in your bed Em?”
“Why wouldn’t there be?” I countered.
“Because you have me. If you want to be fucked you only need to call.” His grip loosened again, his thumbs massaging the skin at my hips. I swallowed my response to this frustrating man.
“I need to go to work Dancer.” 
“Kiss me.”
“Individual. Private. Contractor.”  I enunciated each word. Cocking his head to the side he looked me over.
“Get on baby. Hold on tight.”
“Yeah I’m going to need pants and at least a jacket. If not I’ll drive.” 
”Get on baby.” Shrugging I had a feeling he was dragging me to the clubhouse, if they all looked at me the way Stamps had, he was the only one who will be jealous. Climbing off the front I swung my leg over the back and left some room, hooking my fingers into the belt loops on his jeans. He made a mocking sound and pulled me flush against him. He freed my hands and wrapped them around him. 
“This is going to backfire on you.” I warned.
“I’m looking forward to it.” I didn’t say anything else as he started his bike and took off in the direction of the clubhouse. I enjoyed the wind drying my hair, but not so much the coolness of the breeze on the rest of my body. My nipples were stiff peaks fighting the cold. Loosening my hold on Dancer’s waist to hold the rear grip, I didn’t even manage to let go before he pulled me forward to keep my arms in place. Pulling up at a traffic light the car next to us had two men in it who openly stared at my body. Leaning forward I whispered.
“Told you…” I chuckled at his tight jaw and laughed when his bike took off quickly as the light changed to green.
Chapter 28
After another twenty minutes of riding we were at the clubhouse where quite a number of members were present. Dancer parked and I climbed off and headed to the clubhouse. Most of his brothers gawked, whistled or called out their various forms of flattery. I stopped short of the bar doors and looked at my bare feet. My face twisted in a grimace.
“Sweetheart for that body I’ll be the first to offer to carry you in.” I grinned at the man I remembered from church, tall skinny.
“Honey I might just let you.” Winking, I didn’t even bat an eyelash as Dancer swung me up in the air, throwing me over his shoulder and landed a loud slap on my ass cheek. Looking back over to his brother. “Should have made a run for me and beat him to it.” He laughed and grinned which earned me another slap to the same ass cheek. 
“Don’t even go there Emily.”
“Individual. Private. Contractor.” I reminded him, another slap this one even harder. 
“Keep it up baby I can do this all day.” And yet he sounded so unamused which provided my entertainment. In truth I knew he didn’t screw the girl, the condom wasn’t a deal breaker a lot of the boys used rubbers even getting head, but it wasn’t the point, until he admitted equality he was getting the same treatment. He walked me through to his room and opened the door.  When he went to put me on the floor, I squealed.
“If I didn’t want to walk on the floor out there barefoot what in hell makes you think this one’s any better?” Instead he literally threw me on the bed. Jumping straight off I glared at him. “No thanks.”
“Fuck Emily!” he yelled.
“Again, no thanks.” I walked over and sat perched on the chair I sat on yesterday, his eyes darkening.
“How long did you sit there?” Shrugging to show him I was unaffected when we both knew otherwise I answered.
“Half an hour… I got bored. Not entirely sure how you could mistake our asses though? I’m significantly smaller.” I smiled tightly. He smirked
“I didn’t, it’s how I knew you weren’t in my bed.” I flipped him the bird and eased into the chair.
“Why am I here? I’m sure the guys approved at your choice of eye candy but seeing as you aren’t sharing…”
“My brothers will keep their eyes in their fucking heads. You want to work? You work from here.”
“Ahhh… no.”
“Yes.”
“No this environment is not conducive to maximising my intellectual potential.”
“Why?” He looked sly.
“Oh I’m assuming Stamps is collecting my laptop. However I am also missing my personal assistant and coffee maker. Unless you plan to be my PA? In which case I’ll need to taste test your coffee skills first. Oh and my PA also brings me food.”
“He’s your bitch?” He looked a little dumbfounded.
“In every sense of the word.” I pondered a moment. “There is no desk, no printer, no bench space, planning boards. Basically all you have to offer is… well- you and I’ve been there done that and I’m ready to move on.” His eyes narrowed as he walked before me.
“Keep testing my patience Emily and I’m sure you won’t be surprised at the results.”
“Most likely not. My points are valid and stand. So let’s just get this over with and you can take me back to work!” A knock sounded at the door making Dancer look triumphant.  He opened it to Stamps and a few other brothers bringing in the entire contents of my office, Anthony Included who stood holding a takeaway cup of coffee. I ran over and kissed his cheek taking my coffee. Dancer literally growled.
“Relax brother. He’s batting for your team, not hers.” It took a moment for Dancer to catch up then he looked at me unamused.
“Your bitch?”
“In every sense of the word.”
“Funny. Get set up.” He pointed to the piled of cords and technological paraphernalia the boys carted in. Yep they even brought my desk.
“That’s not my chair.” I smiled.
“Honey are you sure you want to be playing bitch right now?” Anthony whispered.
“Yes.” Nodding once I kept mmy cool gaze on Dancer who crossed his arms angrily over his chest.
“Okay, but can you do it when I don’t have to be here?”
“Not a chance.” Sipping my coffee I eyeballed Dancer.
“Get. To. Work.”
“The smell of skank is ruining my work area, think you can remove your skanky sheets off the bed? Maybe crack a window so I don’t catch anything?”
“Pretty sure these aren’t the sheets I left on the bed last time I used this place which means they are yours.” Clicking my fingers I pointed at him.
“That they are. Feel free to burn them.”
“I’ll take that under advisement.” He rolled his eyes. The brothers cleared the room and with a sharp look from Dancer, Anthony followed them. “You going to give me shit at every opportunity?”
“Most likely.”
“The boys here Emily don’t agree with your opinion. If I want to fuck around that’s my prerogative, some boys here have old ladies at home and still fuck around.”
“Well they have one thing you don’t have.”
“What’s that?” he asked sarcastically as I batted my eyelashes innocently.
“An old lady. I have standards and I won’t settle. I’ve had plenty of guys ask me out, but I didn’t want anyone else tied in with my shit. So the way I see it I can end all this, I can end my fathers MC and repay a debt then I can move on. I’m still young.” Taking my coffee he put it on my desk and turned toward me. “I should also give you notice now. When this ends I’m moving out.”
“Over my dead body.”
“Easy enough to arrange.” He stalked toward me and I held my ground.
“I’m done playing games with you Eme. You’re mine whether you want it or not. I’m claiming you.”
“Why would you want to be with someone who doesn’t want you?”
“Shall I prove how wrong you are?” I rolled my eyes dramatically.
“So you can make me come. I’m sure I’ll find someone else-“ His hand clamped my mouth shut,
“Not even going there. I know you want me too. It’s not just about how hard I make you come. If you didn’t give a shit about me, you wouldn’t give a fuck about some club whore. I told you what happened accept it and move on. In return I will promise to lock the fucking door if I sleep here so no one gets in. Or I’ll come home to you and I’ll let you fuck me.” I rolled my eyes again. He pulled me in close to his body so I could feel his hard on. “You feel that Eme? You’ve been the only one to get my dick hard since the first time I saw you. When you were gone I was drunk and jerking off to you when Cassie came in wanting to finish the job. The second her mouth touched me, my dick didn’t want to play anymore. It knows what it wants and it wants you. Happy?” His hand relaxed on my mouth.
“You are talking about your cock like it’s a person.” He grinned.
“A very special one. Are you going to get over your shit?”
“No most likely not. But I’ll call a truce. On one condition.” He looked like the cat that stole the cream.
“What?”
“Burn the fucking sheets.” His grin widened for a moment then his mouth was on mine, groaning. I was consumed by the kiss, it took all my concentration, I didn’t even notice his hands move to twist in my bikini top and bottoms until I felt them cut into my skin and rip off my body. The second he had them ripped they fell limply from my body. “You ruined the only clothes I had here.” I mumbled against his mouth. He grinned, picked me up and pushed me against the wall next to the door.
“Yep. Means I get you naked all day.”
“Na uh. Means you’re going to leave and go get me some clothes.” He held me with one hand and unbuckled his jeans with the other. “Dancer…”
“Call me that again and I will spank the living shit out of you.” He was fumbling  a bit so hoisted me higher on his waist bracing me on his forearms and managed his zipper, shoved his jeans down part way. The higher level just made it easier to kiss him.
“No!” I was pushing him away.
“Back pocket.” He grumbled, pushing his cock through my folds. “Fuck you’re wet.” He groaned nipping my shoulder moving upward along my neck. I couldn’t reach his back pocket.
“Can’t reach.” I moaned as he pushed against me again. 
“Keep your legs there.” He tightened his grip on my thighs wrapped around his waist then let me go and fumbled to get his condom free of his back pocket. He managed to free his wallet and dig through it, pulling out a condom, handing it to me.
“Uhh?” I must have looked slightly confused cos he laughed.
“Pinch the end roll it down.” He held me away from his body slightly so my hands could slide down between us. His hands slipped under my ass and moved toward my centre and when his fingers dipped in I dropped the condom I was trying to open, my legs gave way, but Dancer caught me.
“Oh fuck!” I moaned.
“Fuck it. Legs down and open for me baby.” Frowning I put my legs down, Dancer bent to down pick up the condom or so I thought, instead threw one of my legs over his shoulder and licked me. He used one hand to hold me open the other hand to tease me, slipping in and out slowly driving me mad. Using his tongue to flicker around my clit, I felt tight and tense.
“I’m going to-“ Growling against my clit, the fine vibration was enough to send me over. Biting my lip so I didn’t cry out loud, my head dropped back and thudded on the wall behind me. Dancer slipped his fingers away, replacing his fingers with his tongue, my legs started trembling,
“So sweet.” He mumbled against me. Flickering his tongue on me once more he stood and put the condom on himself. “This is going to be hard and fast baby.” Lifting me back up I wrapped my legs around him as he thrust in to the hilt. I watched his eyes roll in the back of his head. “So tight. God Eme.” He moved in me slamming me back into the wall roughly.  “Baby, get there.” 
“Will I-“
“Touch yourself.”  He growled, hesitantly I slipped a hand between us. Touching myself my head rolled back. “Oh I feel you get hotter baby.” Lifting myself forward in his arms I licked along his neck, sucking and leaving a dark mark on his neck, he groaned. When I pulled away seeing it, my body tightened.
“Will-“ I murmured my head hit his shoulder, I continued to touch myself as instructed. But as my climax hit I bit into hit shoulder to stop from screaming out, and felt him jerk roughly into me and flinch at the same time. He stopped moving when I let him go, withdrawing my mouth. He kissed me gently and set me on the ground again.
“I love you Eme.” I smiled to myself, resting my head on his chest, his head on my shoulder. He slipped the condom off and chucked it in a waste basket near the door.
"A month ago I heard you yell Eme in your bedroom…” I offered chuckling softly. He smiled against my shoulder.
“Must have been jerking off.”
“I thought Eme was someone else.” He tilted my face up to his and kissed me softly.
“Nope. When was it?”
“You and Bank had a fight. It was raining…” He smiled.
“He was hitting on you.”
“When is he not? Cassie was hitting on you that night too.” His eyes widened.
“You saw that?” I nodded.
“I watched the fight. I ran out to get my laptop to work, you saw me.”
“Mmm you had on skin tight jeans and a short white shirt.”
“I think so?”
“Oh you did. It what I was jerking off to. Your ass in those jeans.” I grinned and he kissed me again. “I need to shower and I have shit to do baby.” Cocking my head to the side.
“I cleaned your bathroom as best I could. I had no mop though.” He frowned not understanding. “Well I would have cleaned the floor so I don’t step on anything gross.”
“The prospects clean the clubhouse and rooms babe.”
“I need clothes babe.” Letting me go he moved over to a set of drawers and pulled out a bag. Nodding toward his ensuite bathroom I followed him. Together we showered and kissed many times, he seemed relieved and at peace. In the shower he caught me to him.
“Eme?” I looked up at him smiling.
“Will.” 
“I do love you. I’ve known for a while. It’s not-“ I pressed a hand to his mouth and kissed him.
“I know. I think I love you. I’ve never-“ He moaned and kissed me again.
“That’s enough for now.” I pulled back gently and looked at him.
“Don’t… don’t hurt me.” He shook his head.
“You’re it for me. I need you. I know you don’t need me now, but I hope you will. I’ll do everything I can to make you happy.” I smiled sadly.
“For now. I need to do my job and save your ass.” He looked at me,
“Will you tell me who?” I shook my head.
“No. But on the chance I get caught you need to read the journals. Not until then though. Do you promise?” He nodded eagerly, confident I wouldn’t be caught. I knew better. “Then I need to get to work, Will. I have much to do. I will need to go out and I need for Anthony to collect specific things.”
“Stay where we can keep you safe?” I nodded stiffly. It would eventually be a promise I broke. “I can’t imagine anything happening to you babe. I need you safe.”
“Well I tell you what. Let’s get out and dressed, you send Anthony in so I can send him on errands. I’ll make us lunch at this rate, then I’ll work, you do whatever it is you do and tonight you bring back clean sheets and fuck me in the bed out there.”
“The sh-“
“Will be burned. It was a condition.” He smiled and kissed my shoulder, switching off the water he grabbed some towels and dried me as I dried him. Dancer handed me a bag filled with my clothes that had been in his drawers, it held underwear, bras, jeans and a few different tank tops I favoured. He dressed in his clothes and kissed me.
“Now I have you I don’t want to go.”
“A long time coming?”
“Two years babe.”
“Not quite.”
“Close enough.” I smiled and walked over to my desk. I hooked everything up as Dancer disappeared and Anthony reappeared. Taking a blank piece of paper I wrote him a list. He read it and nodded, leaving without a word spoken. Dancer came back in with two coffees.
“I got church babe.” I nodded accepted my coffee and the kiss.
“How many are usually here around this time?” Dancer frowned.
“Uh, fifty or so?” I smiled and nodded. He left and I found my way to the kitchen area. I started cooking, bacon, scrambled eggs, hash browns, mushrooms and toast in the commercial kitchen they held. I had it ready and served in a bain marie when they exited from church. The men obviously smelled my cooking and burst out to taste it.
Dancer grinned at me proudly. I only did what I had learned and nodded walking back to his rooms. I ate some eggs and bacon and booted up my computer. Leaving the room I went to Scott’s office and took the password to a router number. Who kept it written on his router?? Shaking my head I returned. 

Chapter 29
I didn’t see Dancer again until late afternoon. He brought in Chinese food and we ate in companionable silence. After I did some more work while he went to have a drink with the boys. Anthony came back not long after he left and handed me a suitcase.  Smiling I dressed in the same white halter neck dress from my party and finishing my appearance I winked and walked out to the bar area.
A few eyes drew my way automatically. Dancer was at the bar with Bank. Grinning and biting my lip I started to walk over. I stopped quickly seeing Cassie and her friends walk over and speak to my man. I knew I was trying to set him up for failure. Bank caught my eye and I held a finger to my lip. Nodding he sipped his beer and continued his conversation. Dancer was rude and told them to fuck off.  Smirking Cassie caught my eye and her face twisted in a scowl. Her friends followed suit. Raising an eyebrow and grinned and walked up to Dancer. He was surprised to see me and slipped a hand around me very possessively when he took in my dress. Bank winked at me and I winked back.
“Hello beautiful.”
“Hey there. Thought I’d come for a drink.” He motioned for the girl who played bar tender and gestured to me.
“What do you want baby?”
“Hmm a shot of tequila and can you make cocktails?” The girl shook her head. “Mind if I come around?” She shook her head grinning that the skanks who backed off. I walked around in my heels and flipped the bottles expertly pouring the measures for an illusion. Sweet and alcoholic. Dancer grinned at my drink which of course was blue. Sipping I lined up a row of shot glasses and did a line of squashed frogs… my version.
The members grabbed at them and I lifted an eyebrow at Dancer who didn’t. There were three left. Bank, Dancer and I grabbed them downing them in one swallow.
“Damn this girl has talent!” Bank declared and a few agreed. My eyes were on Dancer. He let the shot linger in his mouth watching me. Swallowing he nodded tilting his head.
“Though I think I prefer the hard stuff.” I grinned and put a whisky in front of him. “Oh see baby I knew it. You’re fucking perfect.” I shrugged and nodded towards Bank. He shook his head and held up his shot glass. Grinning I made another round. Watching him I tipped my shot back and swallowed, he did the same smiling slightly.
“What’s up Bank?” He sighed glumly, making me hide my smile.
“Emily I thought you were the most hottest, smartest talented woman on earth. Then you forgave him. Now I gotta find a new one!” I laughed as Dancer looked at him shocked.
“You were eyeing off my woman?” He asked incredulously making me laugh harder.
“Brother look at her! Fuck! When was the last time you even stepped in the ocean?”  Bank gestured toward me and I forced myself to look semi-serious, “Point is, I have more in common with her than you! I should get the girl!!!” Dancer frowned at him and punched him half heartedly in the arm. Bank scowled at him and I went around their side of the bar and hugged him.
“Ohh, that’s too cute.” I teased. Bank looked at me upset.
“I wasn’t joking!”  He spat, waving his hands up in exasperation and Dancer stood and really punched him across his chin. Bank fell in to me, knocking me on my ass. Scowling at Dancer he reached down to lift me up. Leaning down I helped Bank up too. Dancer tried to pull me away but I shrugged him off.
“You okay?” I asked Bank. He looked at me with his wounded puppy expression and I smiled. “Okay. Now say you’re sorry.” I looked at Bank who recoiled.
“What?!”
“Come on Bank. What you feel for me is infatuation. Nothing more.” I added dryly.
“How would you know?”
“Experience.” He still looked upset but I knew given time it would pass.
“And if he fucks up again? Say Cassie is successful?” The whole bar quieted slightly. Smiling brightly, Dancer’s arm slipped around my waist.
“Let’s hope neither are too stupid to find out. But let’s just say I have deadly aim with a gun.” Dancer kissed the side of my head and whispered 
“Not going to happen baby.” I looked at Bank and he looked away. I put my hand over his on the bar, forcing him to look at me. I spoke quietly as the bar continued with it’s noise
“I’m going to need a friend here Bank. I don’t offer the position lightly.” Bank stared at me shocked and turned back to his drink.
“It’s all I’m going to get right?”
“Yep.”  Standing he straightened and pushed away his beer, looking at me and at Dancer’s hand on my waist, his jaw tightened as I’d seen Dancer’s do so many times before. Meeting my gaze he just stared for a moment.
“It’ll do… for now.” I smiled and kissed his cheek knowing that by the time he seriously was contemplating more another woman would have his interest and he would move on. Dancer’s grip tightened. Bank noticed and walked away. Turning into Dancer I smiled happily.
“You get what you just did right?”
“Promised him a good friend?”
“Babe he likes you a little too-“
“I’m his friend now so you can’t talk like that. Oh, and stop hitting him.”  Dancer raised an eyebrow. “I’m a loyal friend.” I shrugged.
“And old lady?” Narrowing my gaze at him, I added.
“Do I look old?”
“Nope, you look like you’re ready for bed.” Smiling with one side of my mouth I looked at him.
“Nope.”
“Yes, I’m sure that dress is tired now. It needs to rest on my floor.” I laughed and shook my head.
“No I think it’s good.”
“No. I specifically remember it’s been screaming at me for weeks now. ‘Dancer! Rip me off Eme!’ Who am I to refuse?” I laughed at his version of a high pitched ghost voice. 
“No, this dress loves me… It’s saying ‘stay on Emily, have another drink…’ Who am I to refuse?” Scowling he looked at me indignantly as I raised my glass and took a sip.
“We’ll see. One drink then bed. Oh and you can’t wear it in public anymore.” I shrugged and sipped my cocktail.
“That’s okay, this dress if the least of your worries.” Pulling me in front of him, so I stood between his legs he nipped my shoulder.
“Fuckin tease.” He murmured making me laugh.
“Oh you have no idea.”
“So I have some questions.” Stiffening I wasn’t quite sure where this was coming from. Nodding quickly he continued. “The guy at the beach, why did he call you bad ass?” My body relaxed with the question which I’m sure he noticed.
“He asked me out. I said I wasn’t his type, he asked why and I said he wouldn’t keep up.” I bit my lip as he stiffened instead.
“You didn’t say anything then because…” His voice turned all growly when he got angry and jealous, it was very sexy and made my panties very damp.
“He was kind of cute. In a good boy kind of way. Definitely not my type.” His hands tightened on my hips. “If you don’t like my answers don’t ask the questions.”
“What’s your type then?”
“I’m still working that out.” I teased turning in to face him, he realised I was teasing and rolled his eyes. “Okay the night I hurt my ankle.” He tried to look innocent and failed miserably.
“What about it?”
“You said you’ve been mostly celibate since I moved in yet you had lipstick on your cheek.” He touched the spot and smiled.
“That’s not a question.”
“You know the question Dancer.” He grinned and pulled me tight into him. “Did you follow me?” 
“Yep. You left the house wearing practically nothing.” I bit my lip trying not to laugh. “Why is this funny?”
“Because I’m thinking it was a good thing I wasn’t covering for Courtney instead!” He looked thoroughly confused.
“No it was plenty bad where I was standing from. You were wearing even less in that bar than what you left home in!” He snapped and I burst out laughing all over again. “Eme…” he warned trying to get me to spill.
“Well let’s just say that place is only one of Courtney’s jobs… Oh and her outfits are a little less than Leisha’s.” His eyes narrowed as I burst out laughing again, picturing the explosion waiting to happen if he’d seen me working for Courtney. Dancer’s hands gripped me tightly. When Tigg walked over Dancer turned to  him.
“Where does Courtney work?”
“Some dance club, a seedy strip club and an upper cut strip club that offers client benefits.” Tigg grumbled. I bit my lip, he’d obviously broached the subject of her quitting and been rejected. Dancer stilled then looked at me angrily. Standing quickly he threw me over his shoulder and I laughed again. His hand landed soundly across my backside.
“Emily! Remember we told you he has a temper?” Bank called running after us. I nodded over Dancer’s shoulder leaning up so I could see. “Yeah probably best not to piss him off.”
“He won’t hurt me.” Bank’s face clouded over.
“I wouldn’t be so sure.” He grumbled and turned away. Dancer moved down the corridor toward the bedrooms and opened his door, locked it and threw me on the bed. He had changed the sheets this afternoon, well rather he threw some clean ones in the room for me to change the bed. 
“So you’ve stripped for Courtney?”
“Yep!” I said proudly.
“In front of a club full of men.”
“Yep.” He was pacing back and forth at the foot of the bed. “Made some great tips too.” He stopped dead and glared at me, his hands shaking.
“In a seedy club?”
“Yep, although I will say I didn’t do the last club. I’m not a whore.” I bit my lip still grinning waiting for the explosion. I didn’t have to wait long.
“You better be fucking kidding me with this shit! What the fuck Emily! Do you get how dangerous those fucking places are? You could have been-“ He stopped and glared at me and I sat there with my legs crossed looking at my nails with a bored expression. “Why?” He asked through gritted teeth.
“Because Courtney needed me to.”
“So Courtney needed you to cover her strip show and you just said yes?”
“No I practiced first.”
“Emily-“
“Look I’ve told you. Accept it and move on.” Throwing his earlier words back at him just made him angrier. I breathed in knowing how mad he was.
“You let strangers touch you.”
“No I didn’t. They could touch my panties. Anywhere else they walked away with broken fingers.” I needed him angrier. The list I’d given to Anthony awaited me down the street and I needed to get to it. 
“You… Fuck!” He roared and punched the wall breaking the plaster. “You get pissed at me for letting a whore-“
“Oh that’s not even in the same class. Really. Not one single client touched me intimately. No one touches me at all unless I let them. I have a thing about being touched against my will.”
“Really well then you’d have no objections to say…Cassie offering the same service?” I smiled, waving my hand at the door.
“Feel free.” He looked at me with murder in his eyes and stormed out of the room. Moving quickly I pulled out the suitcase Anthony brought and opened it. Stripping off my dress and shoving it in, I pulled out the black body suit I asked for. It was lycra and stretchy, clinging like a second skin. Once in I tied my hair back and shoved the suitcase back under the bed. Stepping out of the bedroom I came face to face with Scott who didn’t seemed surprised in the least.
“Got to hand it to you. You suit him well. I figured you were up to something, care to share?”
“No, I need to go.”
“You coming back?” I look at him like he had two heads.
“Ah, yeah. I don’t go back on my word. You should know better.” He stroked his chin thoughtfully. Nodding he let me pass while I ran to get outside.
“I know you are there Emily.” Bank called quietly. Stepping out I waited for his answer. “Saw Pres waiting out VP’s room, figured you were up to something. Need help?” Walking forward I shook my head, his eyes widened when he saw my suit.
“No. Safer for you to be here. I’ll be back soon.”
“Recon?”
“A little, mostly getting better eyes.” He nodded.
“Need a lookout? Possible distraction if they get close?” I smiled under the suit.
“They won’t see me or even know I’m there. But if it makes you feel better, sure. I can’t go with you. I’ll be seen.” He nodded.
“Where’s your bike?”
“Down the street.” He nodded and walked to the fence, linking his hands together. Running toward him I used his hands as leverage as he pushed me higher to make the fence. At the top I flipped over, managing to escape the barbed wire mostly and landed softly on my feet.
“I’m so turned on right now.” He said looking at me with admiration.
“Four buildings down, behind the empty building.” With that I ran quietly away, wondering how the hell Scott planned to keep Dancer calm, as far as I was aware it seemed impossible. Behind the building Anthony stood waiting, leaning on my bike, two duffel bags next to his feet.
“Finally!”
“You didn’t need to stay.”
“Like I was going to leave this out here? Please. Uhhh Emily…”
“I know. He’s here for backup.” Anthony sighed.
“Okay I feel slightly better. I need a pay rise for this shit.”
“You’ll get a big fat bonus. Besides the business is yours if I don’t make it. I mentioned that right?” I winked but he didn’t look amused. I climbed on the bike and put a bag on my back. Bank picked up the other, nodding at Anthony. Bank and I rode to the spot I used as a lookout.

Chapter 30
“Ahh Eme, I’m pretty sure they know to look here.” I smiled as I parked my bike.  Climbing off I looked at Bank.
“You called me Eme?” I bent down and opened the bag Pulling out my belt I cinched it on, adding my guns, knives, lock pick set and a few small tools.
“Yeah, I won’t if you don’t want me to. You’re really organised.”
“No it’s fine. I like it actually. I had planned to do all this tonight anyway. Dancer just interrupts my schedule. Okay hand that bag over. If anything happens, leave. Don’t try and be a hero. I can get in and out virtually undetected. However if for some reason I don’t let Scott know and abandon ship.”
“I wouldn’t leave you Eme.”
“I’m not giving you a choice.” Handing him another glock from my bag, “For if they find you.”
“What makes you think I’m not armed?” Shrugging I handed it to him.
“Humour me.” Zipping the bag I looked down the hill to see two members on duty. Taking a breath and letting it out.
“Eme?” I looked at him, Bank moved toward me and hugged me to him. He kissed my head over the suit. “Be careful okay?”
“Always.” I moved away from him and moved swiftly down the hill. I stopped behind various bushes, checking my progress and shifting forward. Behind the clubhouse I stopped at a corner. No one had seen me yet. At the fence I cut a small section in the wire and pushed my bag through. Sliding underneath I moved to the back wall, looking around. There was a small window at the bottom that wasn’t supposed to open, but I had fixed it years ago to open and silicone it shut. It opened to a basement room, they rarely used and had an air vent I could get to easily. 
Opening it up, cutting the old silicone away I looked inside to make sure I was clear, before Sliding my bag in., I slid in after it. At the bottom I pushed a spy cam under the door to see if there was anyone outside the door. I was all clear. This was their ‘dungeon’. Opening the door I pulled out four cameras and mounted them in various covered positions so they wouldn’t be detected, but would give a clear view of the whole room. If any Reaper was caught, this is where they would be taken.
I made quick work of the camera’s they had already been blue-toothed to the recording box, from the recording box it transferred to my laptop. There would be about a thirty second delay which at this point wouldn’t be ideal, but was better than no eyes at all. I moved back in to the small storage room and stood up on a chair and lifted the double vent clear. That’s when I saw a light. Damn they found out how I was getting in, I wonder what else they found?
Sorting through my bag I slipped a small compact mirror on the side of the vent, reflecting the sensor back on itself so I didn’t disturb it. Climbing up into the vent I realised I could reach it. Amateurs. I switched it off and proceeded along taking my mirror on the off chance I encountered anymore. Moving along quietly, I made sure not to bump the sides of the vent and to slide rather than crawl. Moving along I knew that unlike the Reapers MC, the Death’s Angels bedrooms were all down stairs. 
I heard a few grunts and squeals from the various activities going on in certain bedrooms and grimaced when I had to peak in to see who’s room was who’s. I put camera’s in the key members rooms. I took a breath when I came closer to Cross’. Looking down I saw he wasn’t in there. Shifting the vent I slipped inside and stopped cold. A whole side of his room was dedicated to me. The fourteen year old me. 
Various photos of me naked littered the wall, in the shower, I swallowed against the bile. The centre of them were photos of Cross on top of me, raping me. I didn’t know he had photos. Then there were photos of me dressed doing various chores, pregnant, learning to shoot. Some of the photos of when I was slightly younger, maybe ten at the earliest. Then he had photos of my bike. On another wall was a Death’s Angels cut with a property patch on it for Cross. My name was sewn into it and I’d never worn it. I didn’t even know he had it. Turning away I shuddered and forced my mind back on the task. I was burning that wall. I put two camera’s in this room, one clipped behind  photo frame of his bike and one behind some of the photos of me, I drilled into the wall to sink them in, making sure I had good eyes on Cross, but they weren’t noticeable. Unfortunately there was no getting around the fact I would see that wall and that jacket every time I checked in on him.
I climbed into the vent and closed it right as the door opened which meant I couldn’t move just yet. Cross walked in with some whore, she seemed nervous, especially when she saw the wall. Her eyes rounded and he backhanded her. She had to be new. 
“Strip bitch.” Nodding quickly she took off her clothes, but kept glancing at the wall. Specifically the centre. “Eyes on me not her.”
“Y-yes Cross.” She stammered and I felt nothing but contempt and pity. These girls knew what they were in for and chose it willingly. Risking one last glance at the pictures, he punched her square across the face. “I-I’m s-s-sorry.” She stammered. “She’s so pretty.” She offered quickly.
“No, she’s fucking beautiful and she’s mine.” He grinned viciously. I concentrated on my breathing and swallowed bile.
“Where is she?” The stupid girl asked again.
“Hiding from me. But I’ll find her soon. Stop asking questions and ride my cock.” He laid on the bed and pulled his pants down part way, enough to free himself. I squeezed my eyes shut and counted. The girl must have complied, as soon as the grunting and moaning started I assumed it would be okay to move on. Leaving my bag behind I took my last two cameras and moved to my father’s room. 
He had a girl on her knees sucking him and my stomach heaved, slipping my hand up I covered my mouth and forced it down. He must have been nearly done because his groans were loud and made me shiver in disgust. 
“Get out.” His voice was harsh now, years of smoking made him sound gravelly and deep. The door closed quietly and I moved forward enough to look back down the vent. He’d zipped up and sat on his bed, head in his hands. I waited him out knowing he never hung out in his room. Sure enough he left the room and I moved in placing the cameras behind photos he had in his room. On his mantel he had a beautiful small urn with an S curved into it. The urn was red and carved delicately with swirls and flowers. It was far too pretty for my father to own. I wondered briefly what it was for when I heard someone outside. I climbed into the vent and closed it quickly sliding back the way I came. I made my way out and realised how sweaty I was in this suit. 
Back in the storage room I clipped the mirror in place again and switched on the sensor.  I removed the mirror and placed the vent covers back in place. Turning I climbed out the window with my bag and used the silicone tube to glue the window back in place. Making sure to take my rubbish, I went back out the same way I came in. I had cameras in the upstairs club rooms and church already, the only place I hadn’t was the bedrooms but I figured they might come in handy, especially my dad’s and Cross’. Out the fence I pulled out wire and fixed the hole so no one would immediately notice I’d been here. Moving quickly I ran for the bushes and up the hill. 
Bank was leaning against his bike, holding my glock. He looked me over and must have seen tears in my eyes.
“A little over an hour, nice. Hey you okay?” Shaking my head I climbed on my bike, not bothering to wait around for Bank to follow. I headed to the beach, parked next to my car which still sat undisturbed in the parking lot, switched my bike off and sat staring at the water. Tugging at the head piece of the suit I ran over to a trash can and bent over heaving. I felt Bank come up behind me rubbing my back in small circles. “You should have said something Eme. What happened?” I wasn’t ready to talk yet so I wiped my mouth and walked down the abandoned beach to the waterline. 
“You need to go away Bank.”
“Why?” He asked worriedly.
“Because I’m getting out of this suit.” I looked at him, I could feel the tears on my skin now as the cold wind whipped against them. He shook his head. “I’m naked underneath and you don’t want Dancer knowing you saw that.” I smiled miserably.
“Who would tell him?” Shrugging I started tugging at the stretchy suit, I hadn’t been lying I wore nothing underneath. When it was off I moved to the water and dove in the cold sea. His growl rumbled over the sea.
“I’m going to kill him.” Figuring he was referring to the brand mark I just ignored it. I heard a second splash and turned to see Bank swimming away from me. He too was naked. I swam around for a while before heading back to the beach. I stopped while I was still covered and saw Bank sitting on the sand waiting for me, this time fully dressed. Standing he ripped off his shirt, but put his cut back on. Turning around he faced away and held out his shirt. Gratefully I walked out of the water and pulled it on. It smelled like cigarettes and cologne. It wasn’t a bad smell at all. Except for the cigarettes, we all could do without those. The shirt hung on me like a dress, but I wasn’t getting on my bike with no pants on so I scooped up the body suit and walked to the shower. Rinsing off my feet I slid it on my past my waist, pulling my arms out of Bank’s shirt I pushed my arms in too.  When I was covered again I attempted to take Bank’s shirt off but he held a hand up.
“It’s fine keep it on, you’ll be warmer.”
“You’ll be cold.” He shrugged.
“I’m a big boy Eme.” Smiling I nodded and we walked to our bikes. “Where to?”
“My place I guess. I’ll need to change before we head back to the clubhouse.” Nodding, we rode next to each other and pulled up in my driveway. I hit the garage button only to come face to face with Dancer. When he saw me he looked angry, when he saw Bank he seethed and ran forward. Kicking the stand I jumped off my bike and jumped in front of Bank.
Dancer grabbed my arm and threw me to the side. I fell on the ground and kicked the back of his knees making him stumble. Bank just sat on his bike staring at Dancer like he’d lost he damned mind, but he didn’t shy away when Dancer launched at him again. I jumped up and wedged myself between them.
“Move Emily.” He spoke through gritted teeth, trying to push me away. I had hold of his cut and wasn’t letting go.
“Back off Dancer.” I snapped, his eyes flew to mine shocked.
“You really are something aren’t you? You fucking my brother Emily?” I said nothing but looked him in the eye. He shifted away from me like I’d burned him.
“No actually I’m not, though your confidence in me is outstanding.”
“You’re wearing his shirt.” He shouted pointing at Bank’s shirt then at him. Bank switched off his bike and stood next to me, still not speaking.
“Yes I am.”
“You want to tell him or shall I?” Bank asked quietly, Dancer threw a punch that I stepped in front of and caught across my cheek. Bank snapped and threw himself at Dancer. Punches flew, and Bank managed to get Dancer on the ground.
“Stop! Jesus!” I tried to pull them both back, but got shoved to the side. Neither would listen so I got back on my bike and left them fighting. They’d either beat the shit out of each other and calm down or one would kill the other. I hoped for the first theory. I rode back to the clubhouse and parked my bike, covering it up again like the first time. I took off Bank’s shirt and stuffed it in my bag and walked inside the bar. Heads turned to me and Scott jumped up moving quickly to my side.
“What happened?” He asked quickly touching my cheek.
“Dancer.” A few members flicked money at each other, obviously they’d been taking bets.
“I’m going to kick-,”
“Oh don’t even worry about it. Him and Bank are kicking the shit out of each other as we speak. I’m going to shower and change.”
“Bank?” Scott asked raising an eyebrow.
“Backup.” Was all I said and he nodded understanding. My face felt wet and I touched it to notice my nose was bleeding. I walked off to Dancer’s room to find Cassie sitting on the bed, thankfully clothed this time.
“Did you not learn your lesson last time?” I snapped at her. She smiled coyly, past the bruising on her face.
“Oh he came to me this time and he will again. I thought you’d be him coming back, guess not.” Grabbing a fistful of her hair, she squealed as I dragged her back to the bar. Using my weight I threw her on the floor.
“Keep your whores in line and the fuck away from me.” I snapped at Scott who looked about ready to throw down with Cassie himself. Stalking back to Dancer’s room I slammed the door and locked it. I went for a shower and washed my hair, thankful Anthony had brought toiletries. I dressed in jeans, a tank top and rebraided my hair. Switching off the overhead light, I sank down on the chair in front of my laptop and opened it up, logging in. I checked to make sure I had feed on all the camera’s I installed tonight.
A light knock on the door came and I stood up. Tigg stood there holding a cup of coffee, I smiled gratefully at it, then his other hand brought up and icepack. Nodding my thanks I took both and closed the door, relocking it. Back at my desk I hacked into Scott’s own laptop and relayed the camera feed. He’d need it at some point I was sure and he wouldn’t be able to access my laptop. My hands were shaking as I sipped the coffee and held the icepack to my face while my computer loaded.
After another two hours had passed the handle on the door tried to move. A soft thud then Dancer’s voice filtered through the door.
“Open up Emily.” I didn’t speak, I stood up from my desk and walked over to the bed, I flipped the mattress against the door to muffle his words and attempts to get in. I pushed the base up against it too on the off chance that would help. I could hear him murmuring but not what he said so I went back to the laptop and kept working. Using the wall as my planning board I printed out the schematics to the Death’s Angels club house. I marked out all the camera’s and numbered them to the correlating camera number on the laptop. 
Banging on the door I could hear clearly but I continued to ignore him. Next I marked out the microphones and numbered them as per the laptop recording numbers. I didn’t bother with the trackers because they were on moving objects, such as vans, bikes etc, I just made a list and pinned it up too. Pulling down all the posters and pictures on the walls I tossed them in the corner of the room. Sifting through my things I pulled out my cell and blocking my number called the FBI agent again. I spoke before he did.
“It’s Billie.”
“Nice to hear from you again.”
“I need the name of the agent who Dancer at Reapers MC spoke to.”
”I can’t give you that information.”
“You can or I’ll get it myself. You telling me speeds up the inevitable. Get the case turned over to you and I’ll talk. Not in person but I’ll give you enough information to sink the Death’s Angel’s MC.”
“You need witsec?”
“Don’t be stupid Agent. I’ve gone this long as a ghost I can go my whole life. They can’t touch me unless I allow it.”
“That’s very cocky.”
“No I’m just that good. I’ll contact you tomorrow afternoon to arrange a delivery.”
“I’ll need you as a witness Billie.”
“All in good time.” I hung up and erased the call from my phone. Scrubbing a hand down my face, I winced at the bruising on my cheek. Sighing I pulled out my journals and copied the pages that would interest the FBI. I left all pages about myself out. Putting them in a box I shoved it in the corner.  On the wall behind me I started pinning up the rap sheets on each member of the Death’s Angels. I formed a triangle with my father on top and Cross beneath him. Even touching a picture of him gave me the creeps. When I was done, morning light started to filter in the window. The clubhouse had gone quiet so I assumed it was okay to get some food. I was starving.
I moved the bed back and flipped the mattress back on it. I straightened the covers on the off chance I got tired and needed sleep. Right now I was wired. Opening the door the hallway was clear so I headed to the kitchen. I made a fresh coffee and a bacon and sauce toasted sandwich. I turned to see Scott leaning on the door frame looking exhausted. I looked him over impassively.
“You always up this early?”
“Yep. Best time of day.” I saluted him and sipped my coffee.
“Why’s that I wonder?”
“Because everyone else is sleeping as should you Pres. I got work to do.” I walked toward him holding my plate.
“You not going to ask.”
“Nope.” He chuckled and shook his head.
“Not even curious?” My expression was an ‘are you kidding?’ which made him laugh.
“No I’m not.”
“Don’t even want to know-“
“No I couldn’t give a shit. I want out so move. I have a tonne to get through so if you’ll excuse me.”
“You got a plan?” I smiled and sipped my coffee.
“Don’t I always?”
“You need anything Tigg’s your boy.” Nodding my understanding I went back to Dancer’s room. “Oh Emily?” I turned and saw Scott had followed me. “That wall looks quite impressive.”
“You ain’t seen nothing yet.” I closed and locked the door again and sighed. I ate my sandwich and sipped my coffee. When I was done I felt calmer so I started on the other side of the room. Labelling the top of the walls with each year I had information on I added all the information I had underneath it. From deaths to prospects to who had been patched in. I listed every asset and property they owned and how much they had in various banking accounts.  Starting on the crimes I listed each run, each member that attended and what eventuated from each. I listed acquaintances, cops on their payroll and what lawyers they used. Of course there was missing information, but I filled in everything I could.

Chapter 31
The next time I started getting hungry there was a sharp knock on the door. Tigg called out that he had some food and water for me. I opened my suitcase and used another camera and pushed it under the door. It was only him so I opened it and thanked him pulling in the tray. I closed and locked the door before he could see what I was doing. I worked through until dinner. By then my adrenaline was gone and I was exhausted. Climbing into bed I fell asleep quickly, not bothering to eat. I woke up to a banging on the door.
“Emily please open the door.” Dancer again, I groaned and pulled the pillow over my head, trying to shut him out. I looked at the clock and noted it was after eleven. I’d slept six hours and I wasn’t going to get anymore sleep. Dragging myself up I went and washed my face gently. I sent Tigg a message.
-Coffee required. Come alone.
-Sure thing Em. Need another icepack?
-I’m past that 
A few minutes later a soft tap on the door indicated Tigg was here. Opening the door, Dancer stood holding a mug. My nostrils flared as I grabbed the mug. He looked pale and tired, he face twisted when he saw my face. Not that his looked any better. His nose looked broken and one eye was black and nearly swollen shut, his lip was split and puffy, it didn’t make my anger calm that he was so busted up at all.
“Please baby-“ I slammed the door and threw the lock. “Eme, Bank explained. I’m sorry.” He said quietly. I wasn’t ready to talk to either one of them. He hit me in the fucking face! I really didn’t care that it was meant for Bank, I was pissed off. Sipping my coffee I realised Dancer made it, it was far better than Tigg’s. Stupid man making my stupid coffee. I kept working on the walls and called Agent McKay.
“I thought you were calling earlier.” He groaned half asleep.
“I was sleeping.”
“Glad one of us can do that.” I smiled at his sulky tone.
“Did you do what I asked?”
“Yeah, you created me a shit storm. You get that right?”
“Sure. I’ll have a package delivered to you tomorrow.”
“How will I know it’s from you.”
“You’ll know.” I hung up and checked my camera feeds. It was two in the morning now and the DA club house was in full party mode. I watched Cross drag the same girl as yesterday down stairs. This time she wisely didn’t look at my pictures. He faced her away from him and I understood why. From behind she had the same colour hair I would have had. He fucked her from behind being beyond brutal. I could hear her crying from his punishment. His room has a recorder, when he came he yelled my name. I cringed, my hands shaking. I noted that one of my cameras got an angle of all the photos. Another knock came on the door.
“Emily, it’s Scott.” I opened the door and gestured he come in. Dancer stood leaning against the door giving me a wounded puppy dog expression. I slammed the door in his face and locked it. Scott looked around the room in amazement.
“Holy shit. You did this all yourself?”
“I had the information, it just needed to be organised. What do you want? I’m not done.” His eyes rounded at me.
“Not done?” I shook my head and gestured to my journals. He understood and said no more about it. “You been on my computer?” I batted my eyelashes.
“I haven’t left the room?” I smiled, making him grin. 
“There’s some pretty disturbing shit on my computer.”
“Insurance.  No worse than anything that might happen here.”
“You want to talk about a certain room?” I blanched and shook my head. “He hasn’t seen it Em.”
“At this point it won’t matter.” He nodded sadly.
“I need to know how this is going to happen Emily.”
“No. You don’t. Just know he’ll be safe.” Scott nodded.
“And you?” I swallowed and smiled tightly.
“Well I don’t matter, but I’ll be safe eventually too.”
“You matter honey.”
“No Scott. Just don’t okay? I’m returning this favour and I’ll disappear okay? Just promise me one thing?” He nodded sadly.
“If I don’t get to do it, that wall gets fucking burned.” 
“Of course. I’ll do it myself.” 
“Oh, one more thing? This box needs to get to Anthony tonight. He’ll know what to do with it.”
“Sure thing. I’ll send someone now.” He walked out with the box I handed him and pushed a hand on Dancer’s shoulder. “If she doesn’t want you in there, you stay out. She doesn’t need your shit right now.” I shut the door and went and sat at my computer. A knock came softly and I groaned remembering I didn’t lock the door. Walking over I opened it to see Dancer standing patiently, he knew I hadn’t locked it but stayed out anyway.
“Emily? Can I grab some clothes and take a shower?” Shrugging I walked back to my computer and closed down the windows that showed the camera’s. Dancer walked in and stopped short, looking around the room. He looked at me again and I ignored his look. I picked up the journals again and started copying passages and pages that were relevant again keeping everything about me out of it. I added them to the walls, while Dancer sat on the bed watching me quietly.
“Eme, I’m sorry.” I swallowed and went back to the desk for more pages. “Say something please.” He begged, I stood at my desk with my back to him trying not to cry. Dancer moved behind me and rested his hands on my shoulders, goosebumps broke out over my skin.  I moved away and he dropped his hands.
“Get your shit and go.” His face twisted but he nodded. He started to walk away then stopped and faced me.
“Why wouldn’t you just say something to me yesterday?”
“You don’t listen to anything anyone else has to say, especially if it’s something you don’t like.”
“I know and I’m sorry. But why not tell me before you left? Why pick a fight?”
“Would you have let me go?” He sighed.
“Probably not.” I laughed bitterly. “Okay, no.”
“Exactly. I got out unscathed.”
“I could have gone.”
“You don’t know the layout and you wouldn’t fit in the vents. Don’t be an idiot. What makes you think you are any more invincible than me? You aren’t! In fact you have a huge target painted on your back because you were stupid. I have to come out of hiding to fix the mess you created. Against my better judgement I got involved with you and that ends now, because it’s only going to end up in heartbreak for me. Either that or it’s going to end up killing me.” He moved quickly toward me.
“No babe-“
“No, get your hands off me. You wouldn’t like me when I’m really angry, it’s even uglier than when you are when you’re angry.”
“Baby please just hear me out.”
“No. Get your shit and go Dancer. I’m done.” He dropped to his knees gripping my hips I looked down impassively, when inside I was breaking.
“Babe please don’t-“
“Done. You can’t touch me again. Move on.” 
“No!” he yanked me forward and buried his face in my stomach. “Eme, I’m sorry. So sorry, I can’t-“ Pulling away was almost impossible. Tears spilled down my cheeks as Bank stuck his head in the door. He saw the walls before he saw Dancer and I, making him pause. 
“You okay?” He mouthed. I shook my head quickly. Bank looked far worse than Dancer, his face was a mess. He indicated to himself then to Dancer “Want him gone?” I nodded. He held up two fingers and disappeared. A moment later he returned with Scott and two other brothers. Scott grabbed his shoulder tightly.
“Dancer!” He snapped, Scott looked at the tears dribbling down my face and shook his head.  Dancer’s arms banded around my hips, squeezing me into him. “Dancer let Emily go. She doesn’t want this and you can’t force her.” He said a bit softer. Bank looked up at me with surprise and I closed my eyes, Dancer spoke into my skin but no one could understand what he was saying. The brothers moved forward and each grabbed an arm, trying to untangle him. After a minute he let go and stood up. There were tears in his eyes as well.
Pulling his arms free from his brothers he gently wiped the tears away from my face, it was pointless they kept coming. He bent and brushed a gentle kiss over my lips and pulled back slowly.
“I’m not giving up on you or giving you up. I love you Eme. If I have to wait, then so be it.” The brothers tugged on his arms again and they all left the room Bank stayed behind and I shook my head, wanting space. Nodding he left with the rest of them and I sank to my knees and cried. I only partially lied to Dancer yesterday. It’s not that I couldn’t see myself falling for him. I knew I already had. When the sobs subsided I finished the wall and walked out of the room and out of the clubhouse, not seeing anyone, I was desperate for air. I removed the tarp from my bike and hopped on. 

Chapter 32
“Em! Wait up!” Bank started running to his bike but I was already leaving. He’d have to ride hard and fast to catch me and I knew he wasn’t that fast I headed to my old shack, I’d stayed in to recuperate. It was the only place I knew no one could find me. I had to wait now. I knew what needed to be done. Picking up my phone I made sure my phone had a router on it then dialled.
“Who’s this?” His gruff voice came over the line forcing me to shiver involuntarily.
“Who do you think Daddy?” I put the twang back in my voice.
“Two calls in a month. New record baby girl. You know you didn’t block your number right?”
“Since when do I make mistakes?”
“You left.”
“Yes I did, didn’t I? I doubt I’d be alive otherwise.” I offer with more confidence than I feel.
“Cross never wanted to kill you Billie.”
“Where’s Sera?” The line went quiet.
“You know I won’t tell you that shit. Move on.”
“Why take her? That’s what I’ve only ever wanted to know.”
“He wanted a boy.” Tears leaked down my face, my daughter was gone, because she wasn’t the right gender. Cross was going to die. Very painfully.
“So did you and yet you never gave me up.”
“You superseded all my expectations of a child Billie.”
“And yet you handed me to a men twenty years my senior and let him rape me.”
“It wasn’t rape.”
“I said no. I meant no. That was rape. He even took photos. I’ve seen them.” The line was quiet again. “Are you tracking me Daddy? You know I look a little different these days. My hair is blonde now. Oh and we have a mutual acquaintance also. You know he’s from an MC too…” I wondered if he’d take the bait. The sharp intake of breath came a moment later.
“Dancer? Of course you’re Emily, nice cover living next to a biker. Didn’t think to look there. Cross finds out he’s a dead man.” I rolled my eyes.
“Well at least you admit he’s not dead now. That’s what you’ve been telling me for years. Like I’d be stupid to fall for that.”
“I never thought you were stupid Billie but this shit with you killing the brothers has to stop.” He sounded resigned, sad even. 
“Give me Cross and it stops. I may even spare your life.”
“What life? Your mother left right after you.”
“Oh I noticed that too.”
“You see her?”
“Nope. I have no intention of it either. Enough idle chit chat, you won’t track my phone, I’d assumed you’d give up by now.”
“You coming back?”
“When hell freezes over. Though I’ll give your regards to the FBI when I meet with them later today okay?”
“Billie-“ He was angry now, furious. “Don’t make a stupid mistake that would cost you your life.”
“Thing is Daddy, if I come back my life is gone, if I run my life will eventually catch up. So what do I have to lose?”
“What about Dancer?”
“What about him?” I said in a bored tone.
“Boys have gone to pick him up.”
“Give him my regards.” He made a sound then asked.
“I heard you two were a thing.”
“No, he was just my neighbour. He might have been crushing a little though.”
“So this call is just to tell me I’ll get a visit from the FBI?”
“No this was your opportunity to hand me Cross. Goodbye Daddy.” I snapped my phone shut and rode back to the compound. I jumped off my bike and ran inside to see Scott shaking his head.
“Lock down?”
“He went already.”
“Get him back!” I snapped.
“He’s not answering.” Going into his room, I ran to my laptop and pulled up the feed. Fuck he was in the dungeon. The boys were having a field day, he was naked from the pants up and he had blood dripping down his chest. Cross stood there eyeing him coldly. Dancer’s head was dropped onto his chest as Cross walked over and gripped him by the hair. Dancer spat in his face and Cross hit him. That mother fucker was dead. I stripped off and collected tight black stretchy pants, panties, and a cropped red leather corset. The door opened and Bank strode in.
“Oh fuck! Sorry.”
“Talk fast.” I said walking to the bathroom. I showered, I know it seems stupid, but if I was going back into that shithole of an MC, I was doing it on my terms. They weren’t going to kill him until they had information I’d have time. Bank stood at the door averting his eyes.
“When you left Dancer and I followed, just to get you back here safely. I went to the beach, Dancer went to your place.”
“I was at neither.”
“I know. I went to your place after, but he’s gone. His bike it there, but he’s not. I’m assuming you know what that means.” Stepping out of the water I nodded, wrapping the towel around me.
“It means I get to get angry.” He looked around to look at me.
“You can’t go there alone!”
“I can and will. Now, out!” I dressed and braided my hair so it would stay clear of my face. I added a healthy amount of eyeliner, mascara and my deep red lipstick. Out in the bedroom I turned my back to Bank. “Tighten it.” He did so obediently.
“Why this?”
“I wore something very similar when I left. This way there will be no confusion as to who I am. Thanks. Can you grab those boots for me?” I asked picking up my gun belt and putting it on. I added knives and my guns. Tugging on socks I slipped on the boots. I walked out to the bar and the Reapers all turned to look at me.
“Emily-“
“I’m going and this is the play. You aren’t coming. You can choose two brothers to drive in a van for when they bring him out. He’s not going to be capable of riding.”
“What about you?”
“I’m the trade off.” I smiled sadly. “I am what they want really and we all know it. You need him.”
“He needs you.” An older member pointed out.
“And it will be your job to keep him here. I’ll get out, I’ve had plans in place for a while. Give me forty eight hours. If I’m not back then Scott you contact Anthony. He knows what to do.” I looked at Scott pointedly.
“And burn that fucking wall.” He nodded. “The information in Dancer’s room needs to get to Anthony in forty eight hours. No earlier. No later. It was a pleasure gentleman.” 
“You get he’s going to get crazy?” Tigg said pushing forward, I smiled.
“Then lock him up for a few days. He can watch, but I don’t recommend it.” Scott got my meaning and I figured he’d share when I was gone. I left and got on my bike. I headed over to the Death’s Angel’s compound and smiled at the two members out front. They didn’t know who I was, obviously Cross and my father never bothered to show them a photo.

Chapter 33
“Nice day boys?” Before they could blink I shot each in the leg, breaking the femur. The yelled and cried out in pain. Turning my bike off I walked forward, guns in hand. I kicked theirs away “Now now boys, if I wanted you dead, believe me when I say you would be.” The front doors burst open and out strode the army that was Death’s Angels. I grinned and winked at them.
“Billie. Can honestly say I wasn’t expecting you.” My father moved forward and looked me over. “You’re right, you look different and yet the same.”
“I got a call you took a friend of mine. You really need to let him go.” Cross pushed forward and spat on the ground.
“Hello Angel.” My gun raised to his head.
“You know better than to think I’m going to miss, so let him go or I take him out.”
“The boys will shoot you.”
“Yes, but he will be dead, so I really don’t give a shit. I might even get a shot off at you too.” Guns were raised and pointed in my direction. I shrugged really not caring.
“Bring him up boys. I think it’s a fair trade myself.” Cross answered for my father who shrugged.
“Then I advise you that he best be alive.” Cross grinned at me as he looked me over. I didn’t move or blink, but I did hear a van pull up behind me. 
“Oh darling I can’t wait to get better acquainted with you.”
“Touch me and I’ll cut your dick off. Then when I kill you I’ll make it last a long long time.”
“That’s no way to speak to your old man.” He was grinning at me. Scott and Bank came to either side of me and crossed their arms over their chests.
“You know it’s funny I don’t recall it ever being an option. So I think right now I’m going to have to go with- fuck no.” The front doors opened again.
“The president himself came, well that’s just sweet ain’t it.” My father clapped. More guns came up and to my left a DA eyed Bank with distaste. My reflex was to kill him, so keeping my right gun on Cross, I shot the man between the eyes without taking mine off Cross.
“Fuck!” One yelled and went to check him. “He’s dead.” He said.
“Of course he’s dead you idiot, I shot him in the head. Tell your boys to drop their guns, anyone shoots a Reaper and shit’s going to go down.” My father waved the boys down. “Smart call. My right hand however is getting itchy so tell your boys inside to hurry up.” Cross kept watching me licking his lips trying to put me off. I lived with this shit growing up, I stood firm. The doors opened and two DA’s walked out dragging Dancer’s limp body.
They threw him down in front of me and kicked him for good measure. Smiling I shot each in the lung. They’d drown before they got to the hospital.
“Billie!” My father yelled as the men dropped. My guns returned to pointing at my father and Cross.
“You taught me to keep a clear eye on my target Daddy. They were obstructions, I cleared. Bank check his pulse, they wouldn’t dare move right now.” Bank dropped down and spoke in low tones to Dancer.
“He’s alive.” I swallowed and nodded.
“Take him and go.”
“Eme-“ Dancer wheezed from the ground. Scott and Bank pulled him up and dragged him to the van. He wasn’t able to hold his weight so I knew he was hurt bad. Anger rolled through me and I embraced it. I waited until the doors shut and the van left. Smiling at the men in front of me I shot off two more rounds, hitting my father and Cross in the shoulders. The cried out and stumbled back grabbing their wounds. The other men rushed forward.
“If I wanted them dead, they would be dead.” I yelled.
“You are going to pay for that Billie.” Cross spat at me and I grinned.
“I’d be disappointed if I didn’t. I suppose the real question is how many I can take out before they get me?” My father looked at me angrily.
“Why?”
“Because you lied to me. Where’s Sera?” A few members asked who the hell I was talking about.
“Billie-“ Cross and my father began.
“Sera is my daughter. Was my daughter. Cross here raped me at fourteen, got me pregnant. Then I had her a month and they took her away…”
“I didn’t do anything you didn’t want.” Cross yelled at me.
“Yes that’s why I screamed and cried and had to be tied down. He has photos, they are on his wall.”
“It doesn’t matter anyway.” Cross laughed bitterly. “It’s your word against mine. They are my brothers Billie.”
“I get that, just thought they’d want to know exactly what kind of brothership they signed onto.”
“You said she consented.” My father uttered quietly, Cross looked at him amused. My father looked at me with pity.
“I told you back when she was a girl she was going to be mine. Too pretty to waste.”
“Shoot him then. Then you can stay.” My father said but the brothers moved forward.
“You want me back? I’m back. When I kill him it’s going to be slow.” I laid my weapons down on the ground as men swarmed around me kicking me hitting me for killing their brothers. I took it all calmly and was hoisted off the ground. Spitting blood on the ground they dragged me inside, the first time I’d been through the front doors in more than ten years. My belt was taken and I was tied to the same chair Dancer was in.
“This isn’t personal Billie.” My father started.
“Of course it is.” I said spitting blood at him.
“No, it’s not. I need to know what you told the police. I need to know who you spoke to and how much they know.” I started whistling, earning a punch to the face from a tall skinny man. “Tell us and we can untie you.”
“It’s too late. They have everything.”
“What’s everything?” He asked quietly. He never had to yell at me. The eerie calmness of his voice was usually enough to scare anyone. Except I wasn’t just anyone. I looked at him with distaste and said nothing. The punches kept coming, they rained over my body, my back, my stomach, my face, even my thighs were targeted. I never spoke another word. After a few hours I blacked out.  When I woke up the men had changed over.
Cross stood in front of me grinning like a madman. In his hand was my knife. Walking over he bent and squatted in front of me, running his hands over my thighs. His shoulder was patched up and as he bent in to speak I head-butted him, breaking his nose. His hand came across my face splitting my cheek open.
“Fuck!” He roared snatching a rag from a brother. “You know what’s coming next Billie? I’m going to cut crosses all over your body so you remember who you belong to.” I watch impassively as he waited to stop his nose bleeding before moving forward. I’m sure it was early morning now.  Moving forward he started on my forearm. He drew the blade across my skin hard enough to make a scar but not deep enough I’d bleed out.  I gripped the chair I was tied to as he made the first cross.  I didn’t scream or cry, I just watched him impassively, gritting my teeth.
“Who did you talk to Billie? What do they know?” I smiled at him briefly.
“I know you only fuck girls who reminded you of me and yelled my name when you came.” I laughed. The next cross cut a little deeper, half an inch above the first. I gripped the chair tighter as my knife cut my skin open.
“How could you possibly know that?”
“I know you have a shrine to me in your room.” He smiled and nodded.
“I have missed you Angel.”
“And yet not one girl raped since me.”
“I didn’t want to rape you either, I want you to want me as much as I do you.”
“What do you think it is about me Cross? You were the first man to obsess over me, yet not the last…” Goading him only made the cuts deeper. “Careful Cross, I might bleed out yet.” I smiled at him, stared into his dirty brown eyes. He’d aged terribly since I left. He had more tattoos also. My name was tattooed into his skin on his upper arm.
“I think it’s because you have no idea how beautiful you are.” He said it almost wistfully. In truth when I was younger I used to think Cross handsome. He had black hair that was usually kept short, flat brown eyes and a goatee. Full lips and a crooked nose. Yet he used to be handsome, that changed when he raped me, now when I look at him I only see ugliness.
“You used to say beauty is in the eye of the beholder.”
“Aye and it is. I don’t like little girls. I like beautiful women. But you Billie, you were beautiful before your time. All the men stared after you. They wanted what was mine. So I claimed you. Made it so no one could touch you but me.”
“Well you fucked that up.” I grinned, then cried out when my knife dug into my leg. I concentrated on counting and ignoring the burning pain in my leg. 
“Don’t tease me Angel. You know I don’t like it. Was it Dancer? Do I need to bring him back?”
“Nope. Some guy I met who taught me a bit about computers.” He pulled the knife out and blood oozed from my leg, onto the seat and began pooling on the floor.
“You let a fucking nerd touch you?” I nodded quickly.
“Did some stripping too.” Cross laughed shaking the knife at me.
“Now I know you’re teasing me. You’re too much of a prude. Besides then men would see that delectable scar on your ass.” He bent forward to lick my cheek and I moved away. The knife made another light cut another half inch above the last. He was keeping a consistent pattern. I was feeling woozy from blood lose and shook my head to clear the black spots clouding my vision.
“Not teasing. Good tips.” I gasped at the knife cut in again. My arm was shredded now to my elbow. 
“Hmm maybe you’ll give me a show?” He suggested, flicking the blade across my arm up to my shoulder and I laughed hysterically until I blacked out again. Cold water with chunks of ice rained over my head a while later.  I took it then looked up to see my father glaring at me angrily.
“Was that necessary?” I drawled. 
“I see you had a visitor.” I glanced at my arm which now sported a few stitches. Shrugging I nodded.
“If that’s what you want to call him.”
“You know better than anyone this gets worse for you. Quite frankly I don’t want to torture my only child. But if you leave me no choice then so be it.” Tilting my neck to each side, a series of pops sounded in the room as my neck realigned.
“It’s not going to give my mother a reason to come back now is it? Do you know where she is Clyde? Your wee Bonnie?” 
“Don’t play games with me girl.”
“I helped her disappear. A few of your friends too.” His eyes widened as he considered I’d kill my own mother. “Oh come now, I may be your daughter but I’m not that sadistic. She was my mother, though she had no say in what happened to me. I wouldn’t kill her. You on the other hand, well I’m going to enjoy that.”
“How are you planning on doing that from that chair?” He smiled wryly. “Billie just talk. You can go back to Cross and this will blow over.” I barked out my laughter.
“What makes you think I’d come back to get together with Cross? Are you fucking insane?”
“You came back.” He said confused.
“To get a friend free. Traded me for him. Oh don’t worry they aren’t coming for me. I’m on my own here. That was made perfectly clear.”
“Why though, if he meant nothing to you?”
“Maybe I am repaying a debt? Settling up. When I’m done I’ll walk away from here.” He laughed.
“We just got you back. Sure you’re going to need re-training to remember your place, but you aren’t leaving.”
“Oh I am. I’m going to walk out the front door too.”
“Are you going to be serious at all?”
“What would you like to discuss Daddy? I can’t comment on the weather, though it is a little chilly in here.”  Though the truth was I was starting to burn up a little, I hoped it wasn’t infection. 
“Who in the police did you talk to?”
“Sherlock Holmes.” A bucket was dragged and placed in front of me. It was full of water. I knew what was next. They were going to start drowning me.
“Billie. Now you know we aren’t going to kill you. But it is going to hurt. I don’t think you’ll look at water the same again. You surfed right?” So began the water torture. I lost count how many times they dunked me in the water only to thrash around until I breathed in enough they’d lift me out so I could throw it back up, coughing. The same questions were asked.

Chapter 34
My arms tensed so much the few stitches I had ripped open again. My leg was oozing with the strain of fighting against the hands that dunked me. I eventually passed out. When I woke I was dizzy, disorientated and slightly nauseous. The water bin had been removed and I noticed I was shaking uncontrollably. When my eyes adjusted I noticed no one was in the room. Everything was so quiet, they must be sleeping. No sooner had I thought it that the door opened. A young prospect walked and knelt by my side.
“Hi Billie. Do you know me?” I looked on his face trying to focus. I got the gist of who he was.
“Scat.” I murmured. 
“I can help you.”
“No. They’ll kill you and not blink twice.”
“I’m undercover.” He whispered and I smiled.
“I know.” He brought a straw to my lips.
“It’s water. Sip slowly. You’re going to need your strength. Thankyou for not shooting me yesterday.”
“You hold your gun like a cop. You need to change that.” I mumbled and sipped the water. It tasted like heaven. “How long?”
“Almost thirty hours. You slept through their party. They’re asleep now. We can go.”
“No I’m killing him.”
“You deserve to but Billie, they need your evidence.”
“They have it already. It doesn’t matter.” He pulled up a candy bar I nodded. He opened it and fed me small bites.
“Reapers coming for you?” I shook my head, feeling better now I had some food, even if it was sugar. “Then how do you propose getting loose?”
“Cross isn’t patient. He’ll want a pound of flesh and knowing I’m this close will be driving him crazy. He’ll come soon. You should go.”
“You’ve studied us all that much?”
“Every day for my entire life.” Scat stood and stuffed the candy wrapped in his pocket and fed me a last few sips of water. Scat left the room and I laid my head back down on my chest to rest while I could. Cross was uncannily like clockwork. I guessed another hour at best and he came for me.
“Wake up Angel.” 
“I’m awake. I need to pee.” I groaned. I actually really did need to pee. He came to my side.
“Well I don’t think there’s much fight left in you. You’ve lost a lot of blood my love.” He untied my and scooped me up in his arms. I rested against his body biding my time, pretending I was too weak to walk. We went to his room and I tried my best to keep myself from vomiting. He pushed into the bathroom and stood me against a wall, pulling my pants and panties down, setting me on the toilet.
My cut up arm was useless along with my leg. I could walk but it’d be weak and painful.  I looked at Cross tiredly.
“Give me a minute?”
“No.”
“Where’m I gonna go?” I slurred waving my good hand around. He seemed to realise there really was no escape so he moved to the bedroom. I peed and stood, from my boot, I pulled a small thin blade that had belonged to Sticks. Tucking it up in my corset from the bottom I pulled up my pants painfully. As soon as I flushed, I leaned into the wall swaying as Cross came back. He scooped me up gripping my leg near the stab wound and I cried out.
“Shh you’ll wake someone.” I moaned.
“My leg.”
“Be a good girl and I might fix it for you.” He put me on the bed, far more gently then I would have expected. He stood back looking down at me triumphantly. “Back where you belong.” I closed my eyes, pretending I was passing out. “Sleep for now, but you’re mine.” I evened out my breathing as he tugged my boots and socks off. Climbing onto the other side of the bed, Cross pulled me into his body, my bad arm crushed between us. I bit on my tongue to stop from screaming. I lay like that as his fingers slid up and down my skin on my good arm, when he finally realised he was crushing my cut up arm, he shifted and pulled it over my stomach.  Blood oozed and pooled in my navel and dripped over my sides. 
His fingers resumed their touching of my good and arm across my chest. I lay limply, fighting the urge not to stab him now. The sigh that exited him sounded content and I wondered if he had slept with one eye open on the off chance I’d come for him. He cupped my breast and kissed my shoulder, smiling against my skin. Eventually his breathing relaxed and evened out. Soft snores filled the room and I waited a moment before moving.  His arm rested across my hips now leaving my stomach free, which I was glad for.  Lifting my injured arm, I slid my knife out, looking at Cross’ face, checking for signs that he was stirring. 
Cross slept on oblivious. Wiping the tears from my eyes I flicked the blade silently and using the last of my strength slammed in in his crotch. His eyes flew open as he cried out, his hands gripping his useless genitalia.  Before he could scream I used the blade and slit his throat. Blood spewed out of his neck.
“I would have liked to have dragged this out, but I promised my father I was walking out that front door. I always keep my promises.” Rolling gently off the bed I landed on my feet and stood shakily walking around the bed. Picking up Cross’ phone I dialled Scott’s number. I looked at the camera. It rang three times.
“Emily?” He sounded breathless.
“Get everything to Anthony now. Tell him time is of the essence.”  Sliding down the nearest wall. I breathed.
“Emily- Bank wants to come get you.” I shook my head.
“I’m going out the same way I came in. But first I have a wall to burn.” I hung up and deleted the call from the registry. Standing back up proved more difficult than I hoped. Finding a duffle bag I pulled down every photo and memory Cross kept of me. I even took down the jacket he had made for me. I grabbed his lighter and container of lighter fluid, I considered burning his body, but that would draw attention faster than I needed it. So I tossed it in the bag to use as an accelerant to burn the bag. When it was all in the bag I found a Smith & Wesson and tucked it in my pants. I’d need my glocks, but seeing as I struggled to grip anything in my left hand I carried the bag with my right and kept the gun handy.
Walking out I peeked up and down the corridor. All clear. When I reached the stairs, I heard someone coming. Putting the bag down I waited around the corner. When they came down the stairs I saw it was Sticks and smiled at the irony. I still had his knife so I used it to kill him the same way I killed his friend, stabbing him in the neck. His eyes widened as he watched me, falling to his knees.  Taking the bag, I forced my way up the stairs, trying to keep silent in my pain. I was leaving footprints behind in blood. Up in the bar, I saw no one so I slipped out the door. Two steps in I froze. My father stood to the side, out of my immediate view.
“Couldn’t wait could he?” He asked quietly. I shook my head. “He dead?” I nodded, not entirely sure if I was going to be next for killing his VP. Tears filled my eyes at how my life was going to end. I still had no answers on Sera. “Going to face me?” Turning slowly, my leg shook badly. “How do you think you’re getting out of here Billie?”
“Same way I came in. Remember?” Tears spilled. I knew Scott could hear everything.  He nodded and stood there calmly holding that beautiful urn from his room.  He held it out.
“She was yours. You take her.” My legs gave out as I realised he held my beautiful Seraphine.
“Why?” I asked quietly. He knew what I meant. Why was she really taken from me.
“I didn’t know he was taking her. He ended up giving her to your mother to adopt out. He didn’t want all your time and energy wasted on her. She was so beautiful. Your mother had told him she was leaving. She couldn’t watch her baby be brutalised so he gifted her Sera as a parting ways gesture. Your mum, she put her to bed that night and when she woke up Sera was dead. She raced her to the hospital. They said it was sudden infant death syndrome. Your mother said it was a blessing in disguise. It wasn’t time for you to be a mother yet. You weren’t supposed to be his old lady yet then either.” His voice was choked with emotion. I couldn’t stand so he bent down to me and placed her in my lap.
“I had her cremated for you, but you left before I could give her back to you. I was going to explain, but I had no chance you left, then when those idiots dragged you back Cross was furious. So I made a deal with Scott to get you out.”
“Why look for me at all?” I asked staring at my baby in an urn in my arms.
“I had to make the effort to appease Cross. Every attempt we made met with failure. Except one. Paul Buchanan. You don’t need to worry about him. I’ve taken care of that.”
“Why are you doing this to me?” I sobbed, not understanding where my bad ass scary father was. This man looked at me like he did when I was five years old and held a gun for the first time.
“Because you’re my daughter and I love you. You go to the police, I’m not stopping you, the brothers here won’t know you’re gone for a few hours and they won’t know my involvement. Though I’m sure they’ll suspect. I’ve done enough bad in this world I needed to right a terrible wrong I’d made. So you need to get up. Take your daughter home and don’t look back. Some boys will be out for blood so you lay low.” I nodded seeing him in a slightly different set of eyes. I tried my hardest but couldn’t stand, my leg muscles spasmed and gave out with each movement.
“Your guns are on your bike, it’s ready to go. Maybe- maybe one day you can come see me again and we can talk some more.” He said it with such hope in his voice.
“Help me up.”
“You need to do that yourself. I’ve done enough. I’m going downstairs now. I’ve done what I set out to do.” With that he straightened and walked downstairs. I pulled myself along the floor and to a nearby chair. I pulled myself up, forcing my leg not to give way and went back to collect the bag. My injured hand cradled my Sera lovingly no matter my injuries I would not leave her here or drop her. I made it to the bag and dragged it outside. I more hopped than walked, but I made it. 
Outside the sun broke over the horizon , dawning a new day. I looked around and saw not a soul. Dragging myself to my bike I placed Sera in the side pouch, wrapped in Bank’s shirt I left there. I found a cell phone sitting on the chair of my bike and opened it warily. Thinking like a biker I checked my tank on the off chance someone put something explosive in it. There was nothing. I used the phone to call nine one one.
“Nine- one- one. What is your emergency?”
“Ambulance.” I croaked putting the bag down beside my bike. I leaned over to take the lighter fluid and lighter out and set it ablaze.
“What is your location?”
“I’m going to be behind an abandoned building off Charles Street. Four buildings up from the Reapers MC. I’ll be behind the back.
“Ma’am can you tell me what happened.”
“Stab wounds, a few cuts and scrapes.”
“Ma’am an ambulance is on it’s way. Can you stay on the line?”
“No.” I threw the phone on the burning bag and turned back to my bike. Lifting my bad leg over the bike I screamed in pain. I didn’t care if I woke anyone now. Starting my Ducati I rode off, I headed in the direction of Charles Street. I just turned on the road when the black spots crowded my vision again. I shook my head trying to clear it. I was so close, but the blurriness kept crowding my vision. I pulled over a few buildings shy of my intended destination, but I couldn’t crash and risk breaking my Sera’s urn. I parked my bike and fell off, I was surprised I’d managed to stay on as long as I had. Crawling back I pulled out her urn and curled in a ball with her at my chest before I passed out.
I heard voices.
“It’s okay honey we found you. We need you to let go of the urn.” A light flashed in my eyes and I had the urge to be sick. “Can you hear me?”  The voices faded out. The next time I started to come to, I was moving. Lights flashes above my eyes and I cried out in pain.
“She’s had extensive blood lose, she’s dehydrated and I think she’s got several broken ribs, back and front. No name or identification. We’ve given her-“ I stopped trying to concentrate on the voices
“Will Muller.” I whispered.  Through the oxygen mask.
“Wait she said something. Say that again.”
“Need Will Muller.”
“Okay honey.” I shook my head when the masked lady tried to cut me off.
“Call FBI Agent McKay. Will Muller’s my man.” White light filtered my eyes as I heard them yell.
“She’s crashing!” It was the last thing I heard as my world faded out. 

Chapter 35
I struggled to open my eyes. They wouldn’t obey. I could hear mumbled conversation.
“She wake up yet?” I knew the voice but couldn’t place it.
“No.” Dancer?
“You going to sleep here?”
“Day three.” He sounded exhausted. Open eyes! Open!
“You not going to let someone else sit with her?” A grunt. Yes, that made me smile, even if it didn’t show on the outside. “Dancer, she’s going to wake up. She has to, I need her as a witness.”
“I don’t give a shit about your case McKay. Fuck off.” Oh, it was McKay checking in on me. I hoped he knew Dancer had a temper.
“You get the doctor to check you out?”
“Nothing’s broken, I’ll live.” I let myself slip back into the unconscious state I’d obviously been in. Now I knew Dancer was here and he was okay, I could relax. Next time I heard voices it was a woman.
“How’s she doing today?” Grunt. “Mr Muller, you know you can go home. We can call you if she wakes up.”
“She asked for me. I’m not going anywhere.” I didn’t remember asking for anyone, I remember riding and thinking of Sera.
“When was the last time you ate?”
“Look, your Emily’s nurse, not mine. Do your job. Wake her up.” 
“I’m a nurse not a miracle worker. She’ll wake up, her body has been…”
“In a trauma yeah. I know.” His voice was hoarse again, he sounded like he was crying.
“Want me to tell one of those boys out the door to fetch you some food?”
“No. I can’t eat.”
“Coffee?” My eyes finally got the message to move.
“White, half a sugar.” I croaked.
“Eme?” Dancer was at my side, I couldn’t quite open my eyes yet. I made a small moan.
“I obviously didn’t die, but I can’t open my eyes.” I let them know.
“Oh baby it’s good to just hear your voice.” Yep he definitely sounded like he was crying, I groaned.
“Can I have some water?” My eyes fluttered again and snapped shut at the light. Something pressed near my mouth so I opened to sip at the straw and water.
“I’ll get a doctor.”
“Light.” I mumble tiredly, wow, how can I be so tired?
“Emily? It’s Doctor…” and I fell back asleep. I don’t think I slept for long. Next time I opened my eyes I was in a barely lit room. I turned my head and watched Dancer stare out the window.
“Hey.” His eyes snapped over to me and he smiled seeing me awake and looking at him.
“Hi there.” He moved over and kissed my forehead making me wince.
“You look like someone beat the shit out of you.” I smiled.
“Want a mirror?” 
“Nah, I know what I look like.” I said dismissively, he raised an eyebrow.
“Really?”
“Yeah I’m smoking hot. It’s okay I just thought, I’d tell you that you look like shit.” He grinned down at me. “Go home.” His face fell.
“Eme-“ I shook my head.
“Scott?” I called as loud as I could. Bank stuck his head in the door grinning from ear to ear that I was awake and talking.
“You’re awake!” He walked forward and kissed my head as Dancer had done and I repeated the wince.
“Yeah I hurt, so please don’t do that. Take him home please.” Bank looked at Dancer with wide eyes. Dancer looked about ready to kill something.
“Emily-“
“He needs sleep Bank.” He looked at me gauging my honesty, I don’t blame them, last time I was in a hospital I snuck out. 
“I’ll be fine.” He ground out.
“I’m not going anywhere. I doubt I’d have the energy to. So I promise to stay right here in this bed. You can leave a brother here if you want. Someone who hasn’t been here the whole time and you can go.”
“Eme-“
“Will, you look about ready to join the hospital ranks.”
“I’ll sleep in the chair.”
“Well you need clean clothes, a shower and a shave. You stink and you look like you could use a good meal.” Bank tried to hide the grin and failed miserably. “Don’t laugh too soon, you are just as bad. Out! Both of you!”
“I can do all of that here.” Grabbing my call button I hit it summoning the nurse. I waited patiently watching Dancer get mad. “You like me angry don’t you?” He asked suddenly.
“Yep. It’s kinda hot. But I still really do want you to go.” The nurse came in and I swear to God, she was Cassie’s twin, when I let out a groan, Dancer and Bank both laughed. Assholes.
“Emily! You’re awake.”
“Obviously.” I stated dryly. She looked confused toward Dancer who waved her away.
“Sorry, it’s just you are a dead ringer for someone who likes to rile Eme up.” Bank laughed again. The nurse rolled her eyes at the boys and looked back to me.
“Make them leave me alone and I’ll behave. If not I’ll ensure mayhem.” Dancer and Bank both chuckled at that and the nurse looked on dispassionately.
“Yes I can see how much mischief you can create now. All busted and bruised. I’ll call security and advise them shall I?” I looked her over.
“Oh I like you. You’re much better fun to play with than Cassie. You have balls.” The nurse smiled at me and winked.
“Oh she’s serious. If there is an escape route around here, she’ll find it.” Dancer added his laughter abated for now. The nurse looked me over.
“I believe you. So here’s my plan. I’ll get a fold-a-bed. One of you can stay and keep an eye on her. The other can go get the one who stays, food, clothing etc.”
“Deal!” Bank and Dancer both cut her off and I pouted.
“Good luck brother.” Bank called over his shoulder heading out. Dancer looked immensely pleased and kissed the nurse on the cheek who ducked away to avoid it. Dancer looked a little shocked, I shrugged.
“I tried to tell him he stinks.” I muttered. Dancer did the typical man thing and lifted his arm to smell himself.
“Really? That bad?” The nurse nodded and left the room for a moment coming back with fresh towels.
“For when your friend gets back. Emily, you feel up to something to eat? It will only be light though.” I nodded warily.
“It’s going to taste horrible isn’t it?” The nurse clucked her tongue in sympathy.
“Most likely. It is a hospital.” I looked to Dancer appealing.
“Break me out. Take me home with you. I won’t run, I’ll even let you tie me to the bed this time.” Dancer shook his head amused earning a scowl, he kissed my head again eagerly. I swatted him with my good arm, catching the drip on his cut.
“Careful!” He admonished.
“Stop touching me! You’re getting your stink everywhere!” My complaints went unnoticed by all. I laid back and pouted, but Dancer’s smile didn’t leave again. He moved to drag the chair over next to the bed and clumped down in it, raising to rest a leg on the underside of the bed.
“You know you’re funny when you’re helpless. Maybe I should try this with you more.” I snorted in disgust.
“Yeah and you might end up like the last guy that tried that.” I snapped and his smile faded. “Sorry.” I closed my eyes briefly. When I opened them he just looked sad.
“You told them to lock me up?” He asked hurt clearly lining his voice. I nodded. “I broke out. I got to you just as the ambulance arrived. You almost made it back to me.”
“The urn?” I asked warily. I can’t believe I almost forgot my Sera.
“The red thing?” I nodded. “Bank gave it to Courtney when she came. She has it, safe. Sera?” I nodded again, relieved she was safe. I’d assumed the hospital would put it with my things and give her back later. “Thought so, Courtney too. She said she’d take care of your baby.” Tears filled my eyes.
“I know she will. Is she coming back?”
“She brought a bag in for you. She took your journals away too. Before the FBI raided our clubhouse for them.” I grinned at how smart my friend was. How perceptive. “She’ll be back soon I guess. She hasn’t been gone long. They’d only let one in at a time. Guess I’ve been a bit selfish.”
“McKay?” Dancer nodded again.
“Yeah you blew us away with that. He wants to put you in witness protection. You get that right? You can’t be Emily, or Angelina or Billie anymore.” Ah, now I get why he wouldn’t leave. He thought McKay would take me to witsec and he wouldn’t see me.
“Want to know a secret?” He frowned. “When you go back to my place, under the rug in my bedroom there’s a box I cut into the floor. I have new ID in there.” Dancer’s face fell and he gritted his teeth, looking away quickly.
“You’re still leaving?” He asked clearing his throat.
“Yep. Just moving house though. Thought I’d give you a chance to find out where I’m going and my new name. You know, in case you wanted to visit.” He looked back at me, the tears still in his eyes. “Gotta say though, it’s going to be awful quiet without my neighbour- he was really hot. Probably won’t lose as many coffee cups either.” He started to smile.
“Moving far?” He asked trying to sound casual, but I knew I got his interest.
“Nope.”
“Nice house?”
“Haven’t seen it to be honest. I’ve been ensured it’s lovely though.”
“Good area?”
“Could use some work. Though if I get my shot gun back off of you, then I won’t have a problem with trashy girls showing up at all hours. Pisses me off.” He still looked a little dumbfounded.
“Eme?”
“I’m pretty sure I love you.” I smiled and his whole face relaxed in relief. “But I swear if I find out you touched Cassie or any other girl, while you were mad at me, I’m gonna get really really angry. I will no doubt take those words back for a good long time.” His face screwed up.
“I may have let her kiss me.” I nodded and counted back from a hundred very very slowly, closing my eyes so as not to look at him.
“Did I tell you why they called me Billie?” He shook his head when I finally look at him again.
“You don’t miss with your guns… your father told me. Guess I need to hide those for a good long while?” He offered sheepishly.
“He tell you anything else?” 
“Not that I remember.” I smiled at the nurse who came back with a tray of beef broth and jelly. She placed it on the table and eased my bed up so I could sit up and eat. The nurse left me to it and I made a show of sipping the soup, it wasn’t too bad needed salt though. “Babe?”
“You’ll find out the hard way.” I said not looking at him and ate my soup.
“How mad?”
“Really really angry.” I said quietly.
“So when you said to Pres, you were going to explode… what does that entail?” This was his way of gauging how mad I get. But he had no idea.
“That about sums it up.” It was a non-answer, so I ate half the soup and pushed it away to look at him. He looked like a school boy after being reprimanded. “You beat Bank for loaning me a shirt. How would you feel if I told you he kissed me?”
“Homicidal.” I smiled at his sudden anger. His jaw clenched, his shoulders and body tensed.
“He didn’t, though. He had my back while you were kissing another woman. One I saw in your bed naked who gave you a blow job last time I was in a very similar situation that you put me in.” He sat back in his chair watching me glumly.
“That’s fair. I did see you dance practically naked on a bar in a room full of men, then you told me you’ve stripped down to nothing.”
“Oh I never said I stripped to nothing. I always left my panties on. I had a scar to cover if you remember. A nice big fat jagged cross, right on my ass cheek. You know from the last guy who tried to claim me as property.” He contemplated me for a long time. I reached out my good hand for the cup with water and sipped. I liked he didn’t treat me as an invalid.
“So exactly how am I to get out of the doghouse this time?” I smiled.
“You’ll see.” The doctor came in, early thirties and an absolute Adonis. He was familiar and it took a moment to remember where I had seen him. I grinned when it came back to me. Dancer did not look pleased with this revelation at all. I would gloat silently for a while. He looked like he belonged at the beach surfing with me, rather than wearing scrubs and a white coat, which of course he had on a few occasions. Hair that could have been sun-bleached hung a little too long, showing he didn’t get out of the hospital much. His eyes were sky blue and raked over me in a clinical show of measuring me up. He held my chart in his hands and made a show of quickly perusing it, before catching my eye.

Chapter 36
“Emily, glad to see you again.” His smile lit his face as he saw me smiling back at him.
“Curtis.” Dancer tensed. “Glad to know I have a doctor I know.” He shrugged sheepishly.
“When you said you were bad ass…”
“I think they were your words.” I countered.
“Yes well. Have you been over your wounds?” He asked wincing as he looked at my arm.
“I know what they are, I’m assuming you had to give me some blood when you got me here. I know I lost quite a bit. Bet I look like a million bucks.” He looked me over.
“Mostly. You also have a few fractured ribs and a fracture in your arm. “
“Well I guess that explains why it feels like I was hit by a truck.”
“Stop joking Eme it’s not funny!” Dancer snapped at me. Curtis raised an eyebrow at him.
“Mr Muller we’ve had this conversation. You’re here because it was the name Emily gave before she blacked out and we needed information. At any time I can make you leave.”
“Oh he has the nurse on side.” I said dryly sipping my water, oh what I wouldn’t give for a toothbrush and some toothpaste, I felt like I had a week’s worth of fuzz on my teeth, which I was sure I actually did. Dancer shot me a look.
“Isn’t this a conflict of interest? You being her doctor and all. I mean you did ask her on a date. Maybe we should request a different doctor.” Dancer spat toward him, they must be rehashing an old argument. 
“Oh I’m quite happy with my doctor. Ignore him, he’s worried I’m going to kick the shit out of his skanky club whore when I get out.” I fluttered my eyelashes at Curtis who smothered a grin.
“Are you?” I liked that he got my humour, hmm maybe he could be a friend. I was sure I could have those now Cross had been eliminated.
“Most likely. Though in all fairness I did give her very graphic warnings on two separate occasions. If she chooses to ignore them then the fault lies with her. I always keep my word.” I smiled tightly. Curtis raised an eyebrow.
“I see that. Can I ask a question though?” I inclined me head for him to go on. “Did you willingly put yourself in this situation?” He gestured to my body.
“Yes.” Dancer was still tense but he looked at me. He was uncomfortable, but he had no real idea what had happened I was sure, he admitted to being locked up.
“Why?” Curtis touched my injured hand and I closed my eyes.
“To save a life.”
“Surely he can protect himself?” Dancer growled.
“In the space of forty eight hours I knowingly saved the life of at least four people Doctor. I considered it a fair trade.” Dancer looked like he swallowed bile.
“So you have a death wish?”
“Am I to see your questioning is leading to find if I’m suicidal? I’m not I can assure you. I knew I would get out alive.”
“How?” Curtis asked as another man entered the room.
“Yes Billie, how?”
“Agent McKay I presume.” He nodded. He was in his forties with brown hair and a relaxed vibe about him. He wore a simple charcoal suit, cream coloured shirt and tie.
“I’ve studied that MC my whole life. They are predictable.”
“A few have run.”
“No they are dead.” I said, Dancer squeezed my fingers as I met the agent’s eyes.
“How would you know this?” I smiled.
“Because I killed them.”
“Em-“ Dancer tried to cut me off.
“Self defence. Kill or be killed.” I didn’t blink and the agent watched me with a small smile. Curtis paled. “I’m guessing there a few wounded too right? Three dead or presumed missing?” I let the twang come out in my voice, I usually disguised. 
“Well we probably have to presume them missing seeing as any evidence to the contrary is not available. Though to be sure I have a CS Unit combing the place. I presume it’s your blood we are going to find from the basement to the front?”
“It’s highly likely I did lose an awful lot I’m told.”
“So they held you against your will?”
“Not at all I walked in and walked out when I was ready.” Biting his lip he considered his next move.
“I’m finding that hard to comprehend. How did you lose so much blood?”
“I may have had a run in with the now former Vice President of the Death’s Angels Motorcycle Club.”
“Cross?” I nodded. “Billie we have your laptop. You know what we found?”
“I’m sure I don’t know; I’m not so great with computers.” I smirked, Curtis was confused, Dancer smirked also.
“Nothing. All this evidence just appeared boxed up very neatly in date order. Not entirely sure we can use a lot of it as we can’t prove where it came from. But I’m guessing you knew that also. Then there are the cameras we found in the clubhouse. You know anything about them?” I stared at him blankly.
“Not a clue.”
“So you didn’t record what happened to you or Mr Muller here?”
“Guess not.”
“You are very evasive.” Dancer snorted in agreeance. “Yes I wonder how much Mr Muller here knows about Cross. Does Mr Muller here know Cross’ real name?”
“Why don’t you ask him.”
“Mr Muller?”
“Not a clue.”
“Did you know that Cross and Billie here had a child together.”
“I wasn’t aware who the father was.”
“Did you know his name was also William?” Dancer swallowed, looking at me in shock then understanding as to why I kept calling him Dancer even though it pissed him off.
“No I can honestly say I didn’t.”
“You are very evasive aren’t you Billie?”
“You have no idea.” Dancer and Curtis said together. I smiled, Curtis excused himself.
“If you need me for questioning Agent I suggest you organise to have me discharged where you can seat me in an interrogation room where I can be infinitely uncomfortable given my injuries and question me there. And seeing how this was not a formal interview you may also not use anything I say in here against me.”
“Are you a lawyer?”
“I did think about it a while back, but no. I’d have to have transcripts from a school I attended and we all can guess school has never been high on my agenda. I’m more of a person who has a hands on approach. To be honest I’m not really sure law would be a field I’d be any good at.”
“Because you’re a hacker? You have quite a skill there you know.”
“You must have me mistaken with someone else Agent. You know I’m suddenly really tired.”
“I’ll have an agent at the door Billie.”
“Y’all act as though I’m going to run but at this point I think the likelihood is pretty slim.”
“How did you get out of that clubhouse again?”
“Walked… well I wouldn’t so much call it walking… maybe hopping is more accurate. Then I rode.”
“You have a bike?”
“I may have borrowed one… I can’t quite remember… I wasn’t very lucid.”
“Was it the one Cross brought you for your fifteenth birthday?” Dancer was getting agitated, these were things he didn’t know.
“I don’t remember. Maybe the ambulance officers who found me could assist you with that?”
“Agent- Emily’s tired perhaps you can come back another time.”
“Mr Muller, you aren’t family so you really have no-“
“He’s my protection detail.” I cut in.
“From who?” Agent McKay asked annoyed.
“You. Can’t have you stealing me away in the middle of the night to be a witness. I’ll be your witness you have my word. I’ll even show you where all the legitimate evidence you require is.”
“You know?” I cleared my throat. And looked at him like an idiot.
“Of course I know. I hid it, please Agent McKay I’m exhausted, I’m not sure if you are aware but I did just come out of a very painful ordeal. I’d like to rest.”
“Of course. Mr Muller has my details.” McKay walked out and I looked at Dancer pointedly.
“Ready to break me out now?”
“No.” I sighed dramatically.
“It was worth a try.”
“When the doctor says you can go, I’ll drive you home.”
“We both know I’ll be gone long before that.”
“Eme, it’s been a rough few days. I don’t particularly feel like thinking about you running from me again.”
“I didn’t run last time. I very calmly walked.” He was beyond annoyed at me. “What happened to my bike?” He scowled.
“He brought it for you?”
“He had it custom made for me.”
“And you want to keep it?” 
“Of course it’s a one of a kind bike!”
“I can buy you a new-“
“I have a new one. I want this one.”
“Why?” He scowled
“It’s really really fast.” I smiled
“You’re a pain in my ass. You aren’t keeping it.”
“Of course I am. It’s in my real name and everything.”
“How?”
“Cross kept it insured and registered. I guess he thought I’d come back for him and he was right. I did, just not in the way he thought I was going to. Don’t argue with me about it. I haven’t dictated to you once about how to live your life except to keep other women from touching you sexually, you couldn’t even do that so I really don’t see how you think I’m agreeing or contemplating listening to your- I am the boss speech.” I closed my eyes again. 
The door opened and I peeked to see red head come in with a fold up bed. Dancer moved his chair and set it next to my bed, leaving enough room for the nurse to get by to do my vitals. I eased my bed back down so I was laying and rolled to my good side. 
“You feel okay hon?”
“I want a shower. I want this stupid catheter out. I’d love to go home.”
“No to all three.”
“Then I’m fabulous. Go away.” I closed my eyes and saw Dancer shake his head. The nurse raised an eyebrow at me and I closed my eyes to her, another tap on my door came and I saw Courtney and Tigg standing there.
Chapter 37
“Hi.” She said quietly I grinned at her.
“Hi!” I said brightly. 
“How you feeling?”
“You know me better than that.”
“Right boys wait outside. I need a girls moment.” Courtney said to Tigg and Dancer. Both glared at Courtney who gave them the stink eye. Grudgingly they both left the room and Courtney flicked the lock. Pulling the curtain around my best friend removed my catheter for the second time over the last month or so.  
“How are we going to wrangle the shower with that?” She pointed at my arm and then my leg.
“If you say sponge bath I may inflict bodily harm. I can smell myself Courtney and it’s not pretty.”
“They would have sponged you down.”
“I’m choosing not to think about that. Unwrap it I wanna see.” Courtney expertly unwrapped my leg and grimaced at my stitches.
“Well they did a good job with the stitches. What about your arm.”
“I don’t want to see that yet.” I said quietly. Courtney’s eyes filled with tears as she nodded.
“Okay I’m going to turn the water on and get things ready. I’ll just be a second okay?” I nodded and sat up.  Staring at my stitches, tears blurred my eyes. The wound would have been at least two inches long secured by neat little black stitches. Someone starting knocking on the door. When I didn’t answer they started banging. Courtney stuck her head around and saw me trying to wipe away tears. She smiled and winked and went out the door speaking quietly. 
“Are you fucking insane?” More murmuring. “I don’t give a shit, even her nurse said that wasn’t happening! “ Courtney said something that shut him up because the door was shut and locked again. 
“God that man is a prick. How you stand him I’ll never know.” The tears wouldn’t stop flowing but I was feeling numb. “Big dick?” She joked brushing hair away from my face. She moved around pressing a series of buttons on the machine I was hooked up to before untangling me from my IV line. “It’s okay honey, Tigg knows you’d be the last person I’d do damage to, so he trusts you’ll be okay with me. Dancer well he’s storming the hospital yelling for someone named Curtis?”
“The doctor.” I managed.
“Hmm the nurse said he was a bit delicious.” I smiled now despite the tears and she grinned. “Better, come on lean on me, I’ll make you feel all brand new.” My leg buckled when I stood, but Courtney had me in a decent grip. She gave me a moment and I steadied myself. Stepping burned my leg like no tomorrow, but I pulled away from Courtney and tested my own strength. I could do this. She still held onto me as I moved at a snails pace into the bathroom chair, but she was so patient.
“You should have been a nurse.”
“I’m thinkin about it.” She said quietly.
“Tigg?”
“Ugh, that boy is relentless. I’m blamin you ya know? For introducing us?” I laughed hollowly.
“So he made an impression.”
“He’s sweet.” Was all she said as she angled the hose over my hair so as not to wet my arm.
“Must be more than sweet.” I suggested, it felt good to have girl talk, even if I was butt naked.
“I call him boy but really he’s probably the only man I’ve been with. He doesn’t take me for granted you know what I mean?” I nodded. “Makes me feel good about myself, doesn’t care what I’ve done. Just what I’m going to do next.” Courtney handed me a wash cloth with some coconut smelling soap in it. I washed everywhere I could while she conditioned my hair. When I was clean, I felt eternally grateful to have a best friend in Courtney.
“You know I love you?”
“Of course. You’d do the same for me.”
“Of course! Please tell me I have a tooth brush?”
“Yep, let’s get some clothes on you first. Bet you’ll feel good to get out of that hospital monstrosity?”
“Yes!” I laughed. Courtney pulled out panties, my favourite loose white tank top, the same one I had worn out the front when Dancer caught up to me chasing off Cassie and her friend. And a small pair of workout shorts.
“How bad is it?” She nodded to my arm, which surprised me as Courtney was a no questions kind of gal.
“He carved x’s in my arm.” I looked away as tears sprang in my eyes again. “God damned stupid tears won’t quit.” 
“Honey that’s normal.” I scoffed.
“I’m not exactly normal Court.”
“You’re still human. You wanna talk about it? I can keep them boys out there long as I want.”
“Nah, any longer Dancer will probably break down the door.” She smiled and shrugged.
“He doesn’t scare me.” I grinned and wiped at the tears.
“One last thing?”
“Anything.”
“I need a tattoo artist. A good one.” Courtney smiled.
“My pleasure. Should I let them in or wait a while longer to piss them off some more?”
“Girl we need a mojito night after this shit.”
“I’ll reserve us space at the bar.” I winked and nodded toward the door. Courtney stood and pulled the curtain back. “Oh shit I forgot to wrap your leg.”
“I got it.” I started re-rolling the bandage to make it easier when I wrapped it as Courtney unlocked the door and caught herself before falling on her backside as Dancer pushed through.
“If you ever-“ Dancer roared at her before Tigg stepped between them, crossing his arms at his front.
“Touch her and you can have the fucking prospects badge.” Tigg said with a low dangerous note in his voice.
“Keep your badge honey. He’ll have to go through me.” I chuckled.
“For fuck’s sake Emily! You’ve only just woken up! You don’t need to be walking around doing shit!” I raised an eyebrow at his tone but he didn’t back down. Courtney wrapped her arms around Tigg and whispered in his ear, he calmed down and dropped his arms. Tigg looked at me with wide eyes.
“Really?”
“Probably?” I shrugged having no idea what they were talking about. Dancer rolled his eyes and moved over to the chair at the window again. Courtney winked and pushed Tigg out the door.

Chapter 38
“Do I want to know?”
“No idea. I don’t even know if I know.” I shifted my dinner tray back toward me and grabbed the jelly. 
“You going to re-wrap that leg?”
“Yeah in a minute.” I said spooning a mouthful of yellow jelly in my mouth.
“Want help?” I smiled around the spoon.
“You just wanna touch my leg. Admit it. But no you can keep your stinky self over there.” He rolled his eyes and stared out the window again.
“Emily you ever going to do what you’re asked to?”
“Probably not. I’m not good with rules and regulations.” I said eating the jelly. 
“Even when it affects your health?”
“Going for a shower only made me clean and hygienic so it didn’t affect my health. It’ll do wonders for your mood to when you shower and shave and get some sleep.” Dancer just grunted. “Don’t feel you have to stay if you’re going to be all cranky.”
“Emily I’m cranky because you did what the doctor and nurse said no to. You had your friend take out your catheter-“
“Thank God too those things are horrid.”
“It’s not the fucking point. They went to medical school they know what the fuck they’re talking about. What the fuck would Courtney know?”
“Her mum was a nurse, Courtney learned a lot. I trust her with my life. I might not trust her with yours after you spoke that way though. She can be a little unpredictable.”
“Yeah well she’s not her mother so forgive me if I don’t have the same confidence in her ability when it comes to you.” I shrugged. The redhead came back in and tossed a black duffel bag on the bed. 
“Courtesy of your MC I’m told.” I bit my lip to stop my smile. I pointed to the bathroom.
“Shower’s in there. Have fun!” The nurse looked him over.
“Let me know if you need someone to scrub your back.” I raised an eyebrow at her and Dancer laughed.
“Fuckin Bank. What did it cost him to get you to say that?”
“Who’s Bank?” She frowned and I shook my head.
“My list is growing by the minute. Fucking redheads.” I mumbled around the last mouthful of jelly.
“What happened to your bandage?” I glared at her then smiled.
“Eme, she was kidding. No I don’t need any help in the shower.” I just spoke over him.
“Oh you’re a free agent. You go riiigghhtt ahead. I took it off when I went for a shower and removed my catheter.”
“By yourself?” She glared back at me.
“Oh no honey I have friends in all the right places. But yeah I would have done it myself too. You’d be amazed what a woman like me is capable of.” I winked and she rolled her eyes at me, appraising Dancer as she walked out the door. He removed his boots and socks before stalking over to get in my face.
“She’s only saying shit to rile you up and you’re taking her bait.”
“You’d be surprised what I’m capable of also. Have fun showering, I’m sure there’s a buzzer in there you can call her from.” He just grinned.
“I love when you get jealous.”
“You won’t love it when I react. You’re getting your stink on me so unless you want me to crawl back out of this bed, go away.” Scooping the spare towels off the end of my bed and the duffel bag Bank left he went to the shower, leaving the door partially open.
“I don’t need to hear it!” I yelled and heard him laugh. The bathroom door blocked him from view of the bedroom door so he opened it enough I could see him strip. His cut came first, which was carefully put to the side, then his shirt came off, his muscles rippling as his shirt came off.
“Maybe it’ so I can hear if you decide to run away.” He winked at me as he pushed his jeans down.
“Funny.” I threw the empty jelly cup at him as he laughed. “Lucky I don’t have my gun,” I muttered, shifting my leg so I could re-wrap the bandage around it. It was oozing a little and I needed some gauze but I refused to ring for little miss redhead. I thought I liked her. I was wrong. I heard the water turn on and Dancer moving about in the bathroom. I think he was shaving the fuzz off his face. When his phone started to ring quietly I shifted on the bed and picked it up.
“Hello?” I chirped expecting to hear one of the Reapers.
“Can I speak to Dancer?” And the redheads kept coming at me.
“Hang on a second.” I shifted on the bed and carefully stood up, leaving most of my weight on the bed. Straightening I limped to the bathroom door.
“Eme. Fuck! Get back into bed!” he yelled, moving over to me. I threw the phone at him.
“Your other redheaded whore.” I tried to turn, gripping the doorway for support.
“Fuck off Cassie!” He snapped and closed the phone, he threw the phone on the counter and grabbed at my hips, while I was turning away. “Why the fuck are you out of bed?”
“Your phone rang, I answered it. I won’t do that again.”
“I don’t give a fuck if you answer my phone.” I looked at him tiredly.
“Let go. I need to get into bed.”
“Let me help. I can carry you.”
“Nah I smell like coconut right now.” He leaned in and breathed.
“I noticed. I like coconut.” His phone started to ring again, but he ignored for a second before looking at it and wincing. I pulled away to head for bed on the off chance my leg gave out. “Hang on Eme.” He said reaching over, I was already climbing onto the bed and lying on my side.
“Hello? What the fuck do you want? No I’m not. It’s none of your fucking business. Fuck off Cassie I’m serious this shit ends or I’ll throw you out myself. Yeah it is because of her. I don’t give a fuck. Call me again and be prepared to pack your shit.” I heard the phone drop loudly again and Dancer breathe out. The shower turned on and the sound of the shower curtain squeaking made me shudder. I was lying on my right side facing the window feeling seriously sleepy when the water turned off. I was drifting off when he laid behind me and wrapped his arm over the top half of my injured one, pulling me into him, his arm squeezing mine roughly.
Crying out in pain, he jerked back. I gagged for a second before getting myself under control.
“Fuck babe I’m sorry. I thought the break was lower down.” Dancer hit the buzzer as I concentrated on my breathing, sweat popping up all over my body. Dancer jumped off the bed to come around the other side. He pushed hair back from my face with a panicked expression.
“I’ll be okay. Need a minute.” I wheezed.
“What’s up?” 
“I hurt her arm. I went to hug her and put my arm over hers. I thought the break was lower.” His words flew out of his mouth as the redhead bent over me.
“You okay?”
“Peachy.” She sighed at my sarcastic tone. My breathing was returning to normal. Raising my good hand, I wiped some sweat away from my eyes.
“I’ll call the doctor to check pain medication.” As she left the room, Dancer went and collected a wash cloth and wiped the sweat away for me.  He had no shirt on, just jeans. Curtis came racing in a few minutes later.
“Hey, bumped your arm?”
“I did.” Dancer mumbled, Curtis glared at him.
“I’m going to unwrap it okay? I just want to check the stitches.” Curtis moved my arm, making my breath catch. “How about pain medication first?”
“What stitches? I thought she broke her arm.” I focussed on his face.
“I thought you saw me at the ambulance?”
“Your arm was covered?” Curtis looked at me with a screwed up face.
“You want him here for this?” Shrugging I told him
“It won’t matter he’ll see it sooner or later.” Curtis nodded and left the room coming back with a kidney tray with a needle holding clear liquid. Reattaching my IV line, he squeezed the liquid into the IV line. Warmth ran through my veins . Within a few seconds I fought to even keep my eyes open.
“Okay Kelly, yeah she’s busted a few stitches. Get a suture kit and I’ll fix that. Try not to bump her arm for a while okay Mr Muller?”
“What the fuck?” Dancer’s voice faded out as I went back to sleep. I woke up to soft beeps and a tightening on my good arm. Yawning I looked up to see an older lady taking my blood pressure, She raised a hand for me to be quiet.
“Shh he’s just fallen asleep. How you feeling hon?”
“I’m so glad you don’t have red hair.” She smiled as I answered her groggily.
“Ignore Kelly. She needs to work on her bedside manner.” I smiled tiredly. “Go back to sleep, I’ll come back in a while. How’s your pain now?”
“I’ll live.”
“You can have something if you like?”
“Nah. Just sleep.”
“Okay. Sleep tight.” I closed my eyes and looked down a Dancer, he had his shirt on now and lay over the cot, with his feet over the end. I smiled and closed my eyes again. 


Chapter 39
When I woke up the sun was just starting to peak through the curtains. Dancer snored softly on the bed below and I lay there watching him quietly. I realised I needed to pee. I managed to get up on my own and get to the bathroom to pee and then brush my teeth. 
Heading back out to the bed the nurse from last night pushed her head in. She frowned when she saw me up and about.
“You need a hand?”
“No, I’m okay, just needed to pee.” Nodding she walked back out and I climbed back into bed and lay down watching Dancer sleep. I wondered how he’d take my future plan. Part of the list I’d given to Anthony had been to organise new identification for me. I wondered if he’d mind a few liberties, that should be currently underway as we sleep, or maybe not right now, in a few hours time. Groaning Dancer rolled over and opened his eyes, closing them again, then opening them quickly.
“Hey. How you feelin?” He said sitting up quickly rubbing his face.
“I’m okay. Go back to sleep.” He shook his head.
“Eme, why didn’t you say anything about your arm? I had no idea.” I smiled at him.
“Don’t worry about it.”
“Did you really record it?” I nodded.
“Insurance policy. I had the feed set to route to Agent McKay if I didn’t get out after forty eight hours.”
“It didn’t re-route?”
“I’m assuming someone managed to tell Anthony I was out?”
“Yeah I guess so.”
“He would have killed the command.”
“I thought he was your personal assistant?”
“He is, but he knows enough.” He pointed at my arm.
“What happened?” I shook my head. “Babe, you came for me. I would have taken all of that to keep you safe.” Tears filled my eyes and I bit my lip, shaking my head. He moved over, kneeling by the bed stroking my hair away from my face in a soothing gesture.
“You wouldn’t have made twelve hours.” I whispered. “I didn’t think, I just acted, they had you, I was never going to allow it. What happened doesn’t matter. I got out remember.” Bending forward he brushed a gentle kiss over my lips.
“It matters to me babe. You matter to me. If they hurt you-“
“They’re dead. The one that mattered, he died.”
“Your father is alive.” I nodded stiffly. “There a reason for that?” Staying quiet, I watched him nod sadly. “You aren’t going to tell me are you?” I shook my head. “How bad is your arm really?”
“I didn’t know it was fractured but I’m not surprised… I fought back. It only hurts to touch or move. If it stays still it’s okay. A week or so and it’ll be fine, except the fracture of course.”
“Cross’ for Cross?” I nodded stiffly. “Did he-?“
“No.” Dancer sighed in relief.
“You have no idea how bad I just want to hold you and I can’t do shit.”
“Yeah you can. Come behind me like yesterday, just slide your arm, underneath the busted one and you’ll be okay.”
“I don’t want to hurt you Eme.”
“It’s okay, I’ll get Bank to do it.” He frowned at my lame joke but moved behind me on the bed slowly. Shifting the covers out of the way so he could get underneath with me, I lifted my head, his right arm slid under my neck, his left ever so gently sliding under my left arm and resting over my waist. He breathed out when I didn’t cry out in pain, his body relaxing into mine, flicking the covers over us both.
“You still mad at me today?” He kissed the bare skin on my back.
“Yeah but I’ll get angry later, when I’m out of this place. Maybe tomorrow.” I felt his lips curve into a smile.
“I have you in a bed for a whole day? Not long enough.”
“Yeah it is, we both have clothes on.”
“I’m regretting the jeans if it makes you feel better.” Smirking, even though he couldn’t see I sighed feigning exasperation.
“Yes. Yes it does.” He kissed me again chuckling.
“Smart ass.” He was quiet for a while so I thought he fell asleep. “Will you tell me someday?”
“Maybe.” That was a clear no and his answering sigh knew it.
“Go to sleep.”
“I don’t sleep past sunrise. Generally not past five, six is a sleep in.” He groaned.
“I noticed. Should have taken advantage of the last few days. That why you surf?”
“Nope. It’s the quietest time of the day. Since I was little no one was ever awake at that time so I knew if I wanted to get away with shit I had to do it then.”
“Like what?”
“Be a kid. Play with dolls. Ride a push bike. Sneak chocolate. Play on a playground.”
“Your dad never knew?” He sounded so tired.
“I’m sure he did, but he never said anything. So long as I was all business when he was up, what I did when he was asleep was my time.”
“Used to wonder how you slept through the music the boys played. Guess I know now.”
“Yeah. Sleep, I want to watch the sun.” I linked my fingers of my good hand with the arm under my neck and laid quietly watching the sun rise. Dancer fell back asleep quickly, snoring softly in my ear, I must have dozed because the second I heard the door to the room open my eyes snapped open and Dancer still laid wrapped around me snoring. My eyes flickered up to see Curtis shake his head at me nodding toward Dancer. Walking to my side of the bed he spoke quietly so as not to disturb Dancer.
“How you feeling.”
“Good.”
“He shouldn’t be there, you’ll get hurt.” I smiled at him.
“As a doctor you should know that sometimes it’s the people that care about the sick or injured that need more reassurance than the patient.” He smiled and nodded.
“Still I’m your doctor and I don’t want to restitch that arm. You feel up to breakfast today?”
“I’d say I’d kill for a coffee but I don’t want you to take that the wrong way.” He smiled half-heartedly.
“Emily I might think personally your crazy for doing what you did, but you know your skills better than I do so I’ll trust you knew what you were doing and hope it was the right thing.”
“I’m putting an MC behind bars. A lot of men who have done bad things.” He nodded.
“Agent McKay informed me a bit about your heroic act. He’s quite impressed with you. Says you’re pretty amazing actually. What about this other MC?” I smiled as he nodded toward Dancer’s sleeping body again.
“Not even in the same category. Oh they think they’re bad ass, but they’ve got some really good guys there.”
“Okay. How’s the pain?”
“Fine. How long are you going to try keep me prisoner?”
“As long as possible. Agent McKay-“
“I’ll honour my word and be a witness but not in their program. If I tell you why I can be in a world of trouble.”
“More revelations on yesterday? I’m shocked. Claim it’s the pain meds.” I bit my lip so as not to giggle and wake Dancer. “Your bruising is fading which is good.  Give it a day maybe two?”
“Tomorrow morning then I want to be smuggled out.” Dancer grumbled next to me.
“Seriously? You plan your escape while I sleep?” Curtis winked and left the room.
“Yep. How else do I keep you on your toes? Besides I knew you were awake, you’re snoring stopped.” Curtis struggled not to smirk and failed.
“Brothers will think I do ballet soon.” This time I did laugh.
“I’m going to get you a pink tutu Dancer.” He groaned at my joke and I laughed.
“It’s too early for shit jokes like that.”
“Why did they call you Dancer really?” He kissed my back and stayed quiet. “Oh…. Wow… So it was because of the women? All your moves in bed. Well seeing as we’ve only used one once I’m clearly missing out.”
“Funny. Go back to sleep.”
“Nah I slept for days. I’m wide awake now I want coffee.”
“And what does your doctor say? Last I heard you were on light food.”
“I’ll steal yours.”
“I’ll go without.”
“Yeah… right. I’ll call Courtney.”
“She’s not getting in this room again.” I laughed my most evil laugh which had him smiling into my back.
“Okay seriously get out my bed and go fetch coffee.”
“No. I’m comfortable”
“I can make you.”
“You can try.”
“Just because my arm’s hurt doesn’t mean shit. You’d be surprised what I’d do for coffee.”
“And me?”
“To you or for you. Be specific…” Dancer just hummed. Neither of us realised Curtis had left. Our time spent in the hospital was both tense and amusing in the same breath. Neither wanted to be here, but I knew Dancer was terrified if he left my side longer than five minutes he’d come back to find me gone. Thankfully I didn’t run across Kelly again in the time we were there and Dancer had no more calls from his club whore. Bank came in spouting jokes after he’d had good night sleep and let me steal sips of coffee when Dancer used the distraction on Bank to have bathroom breaks and get food.

Chapter 40
Curtis kept me in for three days. It was only after I promised I’d create a diversion and walk out that he finally relented, teaming up with Dancer, Bank and Scott to have eyes on me at all times. McKay came every day to try and convince me that witness protection was my best option. Every day Dancer scared him away.
Pushing me toward the front of the hospital in a wheelchair whistling, Dancer was in a great mood. The best mood since we’d been here. Curtis had slipped me his number, should I need him, which I kept hidden from Dancer. Sitting out the front of the hospital was Courtney with her Corvette and Dancer’s bike.
“Fuck off. She’s not going with you.” Dancer snapped. Courtney just smirked victoriously.
“You think she’s capable of ridin Sugar? I think you best think again.” Narrowing my gaze on Courtney, though still amused, was getting irritated at the two bickering all the time.
“And I trust you with her…. Oh wait. I don’t. At. All.”  Tapping his hand I forced his attention to me.
“You’ll be on a bike. You can’t lose a Corvette Babe.” Snorting he crossed his arms.
“You’re getting on my bike. I’ll ride slow and steady.”
“You aren’t going to give this up are you?” I asked watching him. As he raised an eyebrow I held a hand up for him to help me up. Courtney grunted something about tailing us to make sure I made it safely as Dancer eased me onto his bike before climbing on himself.  “You going to follow my directions?” Dancer froze.
“We aren’t going home?”
“I can’t go back there. That would be stupid. I’m giving you a chance to find out my new address…” I cajoled gently. He had no idea what he was about to find. I just hoped he would see if was the smart choice. Nodding once I wrapped my good arm around him, the other resting by my side.
The loud rumble of his bike starting sent a shiver through me. We rode through the streets, Dancer taking my cues from my pointing at various exits and streets. Enjoying being on his bike for a change I rested my cheek against his shoulder as we cruised the freeway a little. A few blocks from his clubhouse I indicated what street to turn down. 
Suddenly we were in suburbia and I think it shocked him, finding this here so close to his beloved club. Smirking I pointed down a few more streets, before pointing to a house. It was an older style that could use some work, but had character and charm I just couldn’t find in newer homes these days.
Waiting for him to climb off and help me, he hesitated. I struggled to hold my laugh in, until he eventually got his ass off the bike and looked at him solemnly.
“It’s too far away.” Chuckling I shook my head, holding out my good hand, Dancer gently helped me off. Courtney pulled up behind us and headed over. Handing the keys to Dancer she smirked. Kissing my cheek she left us there, winking. 
Dancer was completely confused so I gestured to the house. Waiting for me to walk with him we made it up the small step to the front patio area which was the size of our old two porches combined. Waiting for him to unlock the door I stopped his hand. Looking me over curiously I thought it would be fair to warn him.
“So I have a few rules.” Rolling his eyes he thought I was going to mention the pizza and beers, which was a given in my eyes. “The house is technically half yours. Well as of a week ago anyhow and also under the proviso you’re okay with the few identification I made you. So as much as you’ve claimed me, I’m taking the privilege also which means if you fuck around on me, I’m going to go nuclear on both of you. Which means Cassie is going to get her ass handed to her.”
So far I think I shocked him enough that he just stared at me. Shrugging awkwardly he suddenly grinned taking me breath away as he pulled me into him gently but kissed me deeply. Whimpering, I pulled back a little biting my lip.
“Finally.”
“Also the paperwork says we’re already married, so-,”
“No.” Pushing him away I eyed him angrily, deciding which words I was going to use seeing as I couldn’t beat his ass. “Don’t look at me like that. It’s not fucking happening. I want a real fucking wedding with you in a fucking dress and everything.”
“You’re such a fucking girl.” I snickered as I found my way hoisted up into his arms, careful not to hurt me as much as possible.
“Can’t wait until you’re healed.” Raising an eyebrow at him, I noted he was watching me rather than checking out our new place. “So I can spank the living shit out of you.” Laughing he finally looked around then back at me.
“Is it to your liking?” I teased.
“Where’s the bedroom?” He still held me close to his chest, so I leaned in and nipped his jaw.
“Down the hall. I take it that means you’re not going to hold out for sex until I’m healed?” Scoffing he just dodged boxes and furniture and moved down the hallway. Realising no bed had been put together, Dancer shrugged putting me down on a mattress on the floor. 
“I love you Eme.” He whispered as he kissed me gently, tugging at my clothing.
“You don’t care I’ll beat the shit out of-,”
“Not even a little bit.” Grinning I curled my good arm around his shoulders, pulling him to me.
“Then I guess it’s a good thing I love you too.”
