






Bite
Book 1
Ella Price

This book is a work of fiction, and does not represent real events. Characters, names, places, and incidents are works of the author’s imagination and do not depict any real event, or person living or dead.
Copyright © 2016 by Ella Price
All rights reserved
No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form.

Cover by AEPBOOKCOVERS.COM

Prologue

Fifty years ago …
I don’t know what possessed me to go with the other girls. I knew I didn’t belong on this side of town. There were so many rumors about the people that came here. Maybe that’s why I went … there’s a small sense of adventure and danger here. 
I glanced around nervously, looking for one of the girls I came with. I just wanted to recognize anyone. I was standing up against the wall, out of the way. I lost sight of the others a while ago. All three of the girls I came with immediately wandered off with their male companions. The room was filled with cigarette smoke. Women were scantily clad and groups of men were enjoying the view. 
I wasn’t dressed like the other women. I was more conservative. The blue dress I was wearing matched my eyes. My hair was nearly pinned up, and I didn’t have nearly the amount of makeup on the others did. I was a shy girl compared to Missy and the others. I didn’t seek the attention of all the males in the room. Again, I started questioning why I was even here. It was something to do I guess.
My eyes scanned the bar again. I’d done it several times now. I wasn’t looking for anyone in particular, at least I didn’t think so. My eyes settled on a man sitting across the bar. I noticed him because he was staring at me. It was the first man to notice me all night. I thought I was invisible standing in the shadows, but apparently I was wrong. I couldn’t tell much about him because he was across the room. The room was too dim and full of smoke. Something about him unnerved me. I wanted to look away, but I couldn’t. I was caught, unable to move. 
I finally managed to tear my gaze from his face. I briefly directed my attention to another part of the room. Movement in the corner of my eye caught my attention. I looked back in the direction of the staring man. My breath caught in my throat when my eyes locked with olive green eyes. He was right in front of me. He was close to me, almost touching me. 
His eyes were the most beautiful color I’d ever seen. I felt like I was falling as I looked into them. His golden blond hair was tied neatly behind his head. His attire seemed like it was an older style, but made from expensive fabrics. 
I attempted to swallow past the lump in my throat. I wanted to say something, but I couldn’t think straight let alone speak. 
“What is your name?” His deep voice sent shivers through me. 
I finally managed to fight the dryness of my throat and mouth. “Elise,” I said in a breathy whisper. 
He offered me his hand. “Come with me, Elise. You are mine now.”
His words terrified and excited me. A rational girl would’ve run in the other direction. I always thought I was a rational girl, but something about him was different. I couldn’t escape his gaze. I could barely remember to breathe. I wanted this man more than I wanted anything in my life … and that scared the hell out of me. 

Chapter 1

Present day …
Blood … It was life for me. No matter how much I despise what I am, I cannot stop. I love the taste of blood. I loved the feel of a human’s heart pounding as he or she realizes what is happening. On occasion, I didn’t cloud their minds. I let them feel and experience everything. The fear they felt made the blood taste a little more exotic. I drink until their hearts slow. It’s hard for me to walk away. It’s in my nature to kill, but I resist. I don’t want to be a complete monster, although the thought has occurred to me once or twice. 
Blood and sex was even better than blood alone. My newest lover climbed on the bed toward me. He was completely nude. His body was toned. All the contours and dips of his perfectly muscled body were in exactly the right places. His blond hair fell carelessly across his forehead. His baby blue eyes glittered with excitement. He was looking forward to this as much as I was. I didn’t have to cloud men’s minds when it came to sex. Men wanted to please me. I picked this one up in a bar not far from the college campus. I couldn’t recall his name at the moment, but that didn’t matter to me. All that mattered was that he soothed my needs. 
He pressed his lips to mine in an aggressive, biting kiss. The anticipation of what was to come slowly started to roll over me. I met his kiss with enthusiasm. His hands found their way under my dress. He really was in no mood to wait. He wanted me. I loved the feeling that knowing that gave me. It was a high that didn’t disappear quickly. It made this life worth living.  
His lips slowly trailed to my neck. I could hear and smell the hot blood pumping through his veins. I closed my eyes resisting the urge to bite him. It was too soon. I would take too much, and he would be unable to perform. I had to wait until he pleased me physically, and then I would feed.
He pulled my dress over my head. His hands went to my breasts. Men usually loved my breasts. I couldn’t say I didn’t like it. He smiled playfully as he lowered his lips to my breast. The gleam in his eyes promised what was to come. I closed my eyes as he rolled my taut nipple between his lips. He started with one, and then slowly moved to the other. He took a moment to tease my nipples, gently squeezing my breasts as he did. I wanted him to take his time. I wanted the high to last as long as possible.
He fumbled as his hands went to my panties. I raised my eyebrows in amusement. I didn’t mean to tease, but it was hard to resist. A slight blush crept up his cheeks as he quickly recovered. He tore my panties off like they were made of paper. It was a show just for me. He was going to prove his worth after my teasing look. I loved seeing the aggressive side of human males. They thought they were so strong, and I was so weak. They had no idea what I was capable of. I let them show off. I liked watching them perform. They certainly tried much harder to impress me than my kind did. In fact, I couldn’t stand my kind. They were arrogant, self-entitled assholes. 
He grasped my wrists and pinned me to the bed, pulling me from my thoughts. I smiled at him; this was certainly getting amusing. My black hair pooled under me. I left it long because it gave me an innocent look. He looked down at me. He met my smile with one of his own. The glint in his eyes told me he loved what he was seeing. I wrapped my legs around his waist. He didn’t even bother removing my boots or thigh highs. Somehow, it made this encounter even hotter. 
He shifted forward, and buried his hard, throbbing cock inside me in one swift move. I cried out in excitement. He was exactly what I needed. My pussy clamped around him, accepting his girth. He wasn’t the biggest male I’d been with, but he was nicely endowed. He grasped my hips and started to thrust frantically. 
The door to my apartment opened, distracting me. Michael walked in. He was one of the arrogant, self-absorbed assholes I mentioned earlier. He grinned when he saw me pinned to the bed, with a man buried inside me. “I thought I would come ruin your fun.”
My lover hesitated, like he was about to stop because of the intrusion. I caught his chin, forcing him to look at me. “Ignore him; there is no one here but us.” His eyes glazed as my words registered. He smiled and went back to thrusting vigorously. I closed my eyes and relaxed. “Get out Michael.” I knew my order would fall on deaf ears, but I tried anyway.
He plopped down on the couch and watched my lover and me. I knew he wasn’t going to leave. He never did. This was the third time this month he invited himself into my apartment during one of my trysts. I was starting to get used to him watching me. It didn’t bother me much anymore, but I still made the attempt to make him leave. 
Michael got comfortable. “Christian wants you to go to him.”
I sighed as I looked at the ceiling. I felt him calling, but I was ignoring him for a reason. Christian was the Master of the city. He was also my maker. I tried to ignore him as much as possible, but he would send Michael when I did. Michael was his second in command and personal errand boy. I was never sure if Michael liked me. I always had a feeling he was indifferent. For the longest time, he treated me like another one of Christian’s toys. It wasn’t until I left Christian’s coven that I actually earned some respect from Michael; not that I wanted it. I could care less what he thought; I could care less what any of them thought. 
I hated that I wasn’t able to focus on my lover like I wanted. Now, Michael wanted to talk. “What the fuck does he want now?”
Michael laughed. “He probably wants what you’re letting Romeo there have.”
I scoffed. “He hasn’t fucked me since the night he changed me over fifty years ago.” I hesitated when I thought about it. That must have been it. The anniversary of my change was tonight. I was exactly fifty years old today. I, of course, still looked like the wide eyed eighteen year old girl Christian claimed that night. I was young and naïve when he found me in that shithole bar. I didn’t even resist him; I couldn’t. I was caught in his gaze, instantly enamored with him. I fucking hated myself for surrendering so easily. If I knew then what I know now, I would’ve fought to the death against him. I never wanted this life. I didn’t ask for it, and he didn’t give me a choice. He claimed me as his and did as he pleased. I was no differed than any of the other girls he met; so why the hell he chose to change me escaped me.
My lover groaned, and I felt him release. He collapsed over me, completely satisfied. 
Michael started laughing like a hyena. “Well, he thought it was fun.”
I scowled and pushed the man off me. “I would have had fun too if you didn’t interrupt.” I was annoyed and even hungrier now. I straddled my lover’s hips. He watched me wide-eyed like he didn’t know what was happening. I buried my face in his neck and bit down. 
He cussed and started to struggle. I didn’t cloud his mind. I was too annoyed to focus. It pissed me off that Christian was calling me. I was sure he just wanted to rub it in my face that he was my maker. He liked to make sure I remembered my place. The thought of seeing him infuriated me. My lover tried to throw me off, but like an animal, I was trained to keep my prey. He wasn’t going anywhere. He resorted to trying to yell for help, but I pressed my hand to his mouth stopping his cries. I’d done this hundreds of times; I knew exactly what he would do. He was my prey and I was the hunter. He would never get the best of me, I was always ready. His heart slowed and he lost consciousness. He wouldn’t remember a thing when he woke. 
I sat up, licking the remnants of blood from my lips. I could feel his hot blood running down my chin. It was always messy when they struggled, but he tasted as good as I anticipated. 
“Fuck, I don’t think I have seen anything that sexy in a long time.” The excitement in Michael’s voice was evident. I didn’t usually feed like that in front of him. My lover would usually make me feel good, and I would be in a kinder mood. I would cloud their mind, and then feed. Michael managed to distract me and piss me off; so my lover paid. 
I climbed off my lover and stood. Michael was watching me with a new found appreciation. His cock was straining against his leather pants. He was aroused by what he saw. He usually watched me, but I never noticed that my trysts turned him on. 
He stood and walked over to me. He towered above me, most men did. I was barely five feet tall without heels, with heels I was just a little over. He tangled his fingers in my silky black hair. His mouth covered mine. He licked the blood from my lips and chin. He lifted me, surprising me with his enthusiasm. He carried me to the couch and laid over me. He shifted slightly as he undid his pants. His hard cock sprang free. He wasted no time burying himself inside me.
His brown eyes glittered with amusement as he began to move. “Allow me to finish what Romeo couldn’t.”
His voice rolled over me, bringing the high back. I smiled as I ran my fingers through his thick brown hair. I pulled him into a kiss. I focused on how he felt inside me. I never really considered sex with Michael. He was always just an annoying errand boy for Christian. The look of admiration in his eyes turned me on. I loved when men looked at me like I was the only one. Those were the men who came home with me. As a fledgling I felt worthless, like a toy everyone got to play with. The male vampires didn’t look at me with admiration like the humans did, they looked at me as property. I didn’t want to be toy that was for their pleasure, I wanted to be admired, and my human lovers gave me that feeling. 
I moved my hips with his. He felt so good. I was pretty sure I would never look at him the same way again. His kiss was demanding. He continued to move against me, quickening his pace. “You feel so good,” I murmured. Male vampires were assholes, but unlike humans they had years to perfect their sexual performance. They could make a girl feel things no human male ever could. Pleasure coursed through me. I gasped as an orgasm consumed me. My pussy tightened around him as I released. 
He growled low in his throat as he tangled his fingers in my hair. He pulled my head aside. He sank his fangs into my neck. His bite intensified the pleasure. He thrust aggressively a few more times, and then he released. He collapsed over me, his perfect body pressed to mine.
I sighed, completely satisfied. I was annoyed with how my night was turning out, but Michael improved it, much to my surprise. My body was humming with that familiar feeling I was looking for.
Michael released my neck and sat up. He closed his eyes as he adjusted his pants. “That was really good.”
I giggled. “I agree. Do I seriously have to go to Christian?” 
He looked over at me and smiled. “I suggest you do. If not, he will come looking for you and by then he will be furious.” He stood, as if he was preparing to leave. “Why do you live in this shithole anyway?”
I didn’t mind it. It was a small two room apartment. There was one large room with my bed, couch, and dining room table. The second room was a bathroom. It was in the middle of downtown; so I could walk everywhere. The college was nearby; which meant the bars were full of young men looking for trouble. The other vampires, like Michael and Christian, lived in extravagant apartments and mansions. I didn’t need that much room or attention. I just needed a place to sleep and bring lovers. 
I shrugged. “I like it. It’s cozy.” This wasn’t the first time he mentioned his distaste for the place. He obviously didn’t hate it that much because he kept showing up. 
He sighed shaking his head. “Whatever, you’re off for a vampire. Especially for a female vampire. Shower, dress and go to Christian. Also I would appreciate it if you didn’t mention me.”
I bit my lip to keep from smiling. “Are you afraid of Christian?” I was teasing him. I knew he was, most vampires were. I wasn’t afraid of Christian; I saw him as an annoyance. The others thought I was insane, maybe I was. I didn’t care. I wouldn’t cower anymore. I spent the first few years of my life as a fledgling cowering, and that got me nowhere. 
He raised his eyebrows in annoyance. “If you were smart you would be too. I don’t like it when people kiss and tell; so keep what happened between us.”
I stuck my tongue out at him. He smiled, and then he turned and walked out leaving me alone. I sighed as I considered my options. I didn’t have many. I reluctantly got to my feet and walked to the bathroom. I would take Michael’s advice for once. I would go to Christian and see what he wanted.
I removed my boots and thigh highs, and then I stepped into the shower. The water felt good against my sensitive skin. I closed my eyes thinking about how good Michael made me feel a few minutes ago. I tried to shake the feeling and focus on washing. I wouldn’t let him go to my head like a silly human girl would. I was pretty sure that was part of Michael’s allure. 
My thoughts drifted back to Christian. The anniversary of my death was something I tried to ignore. Christian called it the anniversary of my new life, but I didn’t see it that way. That naïve, shy girl died that night in Christian’s arms. I didn’t think I would miss her, but I did. I missed her and I hated her. She was weak and useless. She didn’t even fight, and that made me the angriest. I was stupid enough to think he loved me. I soon learned that vampires couldn’t love anything or anyone. It was all an illusion to get their way. 
I stepped out of the shower and dried my hair. I turned my attention to the mirror and slowly brushed my hair. It fell just below my rear. I hadn’t changed much since my death. I was still pale with wide blue eyes and shiny, long black hair. I was short, but curvy. I had large breasts, a thin waist, and wider hips. I attracted men easily, even when I was human. I caught Christian’s eye; which was hard to do from what I understood. I believe it was my innocent look combined with my curves that most men loved. 
I tied part of my hair behind my head, and then applied some makeup. I walked out to my dresser and slipped on a pair of blue silk panties and a matching bra. I went to the closet and picked a slinky black dress. I slipped it on, and then put some matching heels on as well. I needed to look good. If Christian thought I dressed up just for him, maybe he would go easier on me. 
I grabbed my purse on the way out the door. I hesitated and looked back at my lover. He was still passed out on my bed. He would wake and leave when he was ready. He would be confused for a while, but he would write it off as a drunken night. I walked out and locked my door. I knew it wouldn’t keep vampires out, but it kept hoodlums out. I walked downstairs and waited until a passing taxi pulled up to the curb. Christian’s mansion was quite a distance to walk. I could transport, but I liked to act as human as possible; so taking a cab suited me better. I was young for a vampire, and I wasn’t quite ready to surrender completely to my vampire side.


***

The taxi pulled up to the front entrance of Christian’s house. I paid the driver and stepped out. The mansion was alive with activity like usual. Christian had many fledglings and human servants. He was selective about who he turned, but he was so old, he had many. 
I walked up the steps and Carlos, the doorman, opened the door for me. He knew who I was. I was called here occasionally. Normally, Christian claimed he was checking in on me. I was the only vampire to leave the safety of my master’s coven at such a young age. I was still a child to them. Michael was over five hundred. No one actually knew how old Christian was. He was vague, and would never give a straight answer. 
Monica, one of Christian’s human servants, met me at the bottom of the stairs. “He is upstairs in the bath.”
I continued on my way without commenting. It was obvious he was expecting me. I knew exactly where his rooms were. I stepped on the landing of the fourth floor. Unlike the other floors, this one was deathly quiet. 
I opened the door to his bedroom, and continued on to his bathroom. Everything in the house was grand, and over the top. Christian was in the large tub surrounded by women. The place was designed like the old Greek bathhouses. I had my suspicions that Christian’s style reflected his past.
His eyes landed on me when I walked in. He waved his hand and the women quickly retreated, climbing out of the bath. They quickly left the room. I always thought the way he was able to control humans was remarkable. The fact that he was the most beautiful man I ever saw probably helped him. His thick golden blond hair fell past his shoulders. His eyes were an olive green; which made him look exotic. He had the body of a warrior. I could imagine that was probably what he was when he was human. He was well over six feet tall. I was tiny compared to him, most women were.  
I sat down on a bench near the edge of the bath. “Michael said you called.” 
“You know I called. Michael didn’t have to say anything.” His tone was clipped like he didn’t approve of my attempt to ignore him.
I smiled, brushing his tone off. “I came didn’t I?”
He raised his eyebrows. His eyes reflected a glimmer of amusement. “You did, but we will have to discuss the difference between coming when I demand it, and when you feel like it.”
I sighed. “I’ve been busy.”
He scoffed. “Wooing college boys does not count as busy in my book.”
I rolled my eyes. “Did you call me for a reason, or was it just to annoy me?”
He smiled. He had a beautiful smile. It was a scary smile at times. The way the light would glint off his fangs gave him a more dangerous appearance. “It was only partly to annoy you. I wanted to see you. It’s our special anniversary. In fact, you should join me.”
I knew he wasn’t asking; he was telling. I stood and kicked my heels off. I slipped my dress off, and then I removed my bra and panties. I’d been nude in front of him so many times before it was no longer a big deal. I walked down the steps and sank into the water. I moved over to him. I pressed my breasts to his chest as I went to kiss his cheek. 
He quickly turned, pressing his lips to mine. The tingling sensation that rushed over me made me gasp. He shifted quickly slamming me into the side of the tub. I cried out as I felt my ribs crack from the force he used. 
He glared down at me. The fury I saw in his eyes sent a small surge of fear through me. “You let lowly humans fuck you, but I get nothing but a kiss on the cheek?” 
“You know I didn’t mean it like that, Christian.” I was trying to recover from the pain. I would heal quickly, if he decided not to hurt me anymore. 
“How do you mean it? What do I mean to you, Elise? It seems like you only come if I call, and now you barely do that. What do I need to do to earn your affection?” His eyes were filled with fury. His words were a trap. If I told him he had to earn my affection he would probably kill me right then. He owned me, and he wanted me to say it. He wanted me to admit I was his.
“You have my affection, whenever you want it. I know what I owe you. I know I’m yours, Christian.” I was surprised I managed to keep the anger out of my voice as I spoke. I hated admitting he had control over me; however, it was better than dying. 
He smiled as he caressed my cheek. “Good girl.” He pressed his lips to mine. He kissed me aggressively. I was sure he enjoyed the taste of my blood. The force he used against me was enough to cause internal bleeding. I tasted blood in my mouth after he did it. He broke the kiss and his lips went to my neck.
I closed my eyes anticipating his bite. His lips brushed my ear. “Do you remember the night I took you?”
I opened my eyes as I thought about it. It was the most vivid of all my memories. “Yes.” My voice was barely a whisper. I ran my hands up his sides as I thought about it. He took my virginity that night, and then he took my life.
“I consider you one of my best creations. I remember burying myself inside you. I remember the way you cried in my arms after I made love to you. Now look at you, look how far you’ve come.” He pressed his lips to mine again. His tongue touched mine. Tingling sensations rushed through me. 
I broke the kiss, and his lips went back to my neck. “You haven’t made love to me since that night.” I couldn’t keep the anger out of my tone. It was something that always infuriated me. He would touch me, but he would never make love to me. I felt like a discarded toy. He had his fun that night, and once I was his I was old news. 
He hesitated and his eyes met mine. I had a hard time holding his gaze. I looked away. I said too much. I usually kept how I felt about him to myself. It kept things between us neutral. 
He brushed my hair behind my ear. “You will always be mine.”
His lips went back to my neck. I closed my eyes as his fangs sank into my neck. I gasped as the pain of his bite tore through me. He wasn’t clouding my mind, he never did. He didn’t the night he made me, and he didn’t now. Part of me believed that was why I liked feeding without clouding my lover’s minds. He growled as he coaxed the blood from my neck. I heard rumors that he preferred to feed on other vampires, but I wasn’t sure if it was true or not. He released my neck. He grasped my waist and lifted me onto the edge of the bath. He pushed me down; so I was lying on my back. 
I cried out in surprise and pleasure when he sank his fangs into the crease of my thigh. He ran his hand over my belly, to my breasts. He touched me as he fed from me. I was getting dizzy from the blood loss. Just like a human, I would eventually pass out. Christian bit me many times, but he never fed from me like he was now. I wasn’t sure if that was a good thing, or a bad thing. 

Chapter 2

I opened my eyes. I was lying in silk sheets. I sighed and smiled as I lavished in the memory of Christian feeding from me. After that, all I remember was darkness. I was hungry, incredibly hungry. Christian drained me. I needed to feed. Someone gently caressed my arm, momentarily distracting me. I didn’t realize I wasn’t alone. I turned my head, and looked into light gray eyes. It was a human man I didn’t recognize. He smiled at me. It was obvious he was left here for me to feed. Christian knew I would be starving when I finally woke. 
I reached over and brushed my fingers along his jaw. He closed his eyes, relishing my touch. I tangled my fingers in his hair and pulled him down to me. He didn’t resist. He knew exactly why he was there. I didn’t have the energy to hold him down; so I clouded his mind. My lips brushed his neck. His light aftershave excited me. I could feel his pulse quicken just under my lips. I bit down slowly sinking my fangs into his soft skin. Fresh, hot blood filled my mouth. I moaned in ecstasy. Sometimes the pleasure of feeding was overwhelming. It was after all an addiction. I drank until his heart slowed, and then I pushed him aside. I sat up and looked around. I was in my former room in Christian’s house.
I scowled slightly as my mood took a dive. I didn’t like the memories this room brought me. All it did was remind me of the days I remained a slave to Christian and his coven. I was still his slave. He had no respect for me, he never did. Perhaps that was why he called me here. He wanted to remind me that I was nothing but one of his pawns. The thought infuriated me. I climbed out of the bed and walked to the chair where my clothes were laid out. I began to dress. I wanted to leave as soon as possible. Next time, I would think twice about coming to him when he called.  
The door opened startling me. I quickly recovered and immediately went on guard. Alex walked in. He smiled and closed the door behind him. He was an older vampire, older than Michael. In a coven, young vampires were slaves to the older ones. It was one of the reasons I left. I got tired of being used by them. Christian was traditional. He believed vampires had to earn their positions. He didn’t defend me from the others; it was just part of a young vampire’s life. 
Alex was one of the worst when it came to treating me like a toy. When I first met him, I was sure I was in love. When Christian pushed me away, Alex was kind and he took me under his wing. I thought he was a light in all the darkness, but it was a lie. He was a liar and a monster far worse than Christian. He used my feeling for him to his advantage. For the first few years of my life he had me whenever he wanted me. He didn’t ask if I wanted him … he didn’t care. Most of the older ones were at least kind enough to teach the younger ones, but he didn’t teach anything. His mission was to keep me under his control. All he did was use and abuse me until he got bored. He would leave me for a while, and then come back and do it all again. It was an endless cycle for years. I was over him now, I had been for a while, and he couldn’t stand it. 
Alex approached me cautiously. He knew I wasn’t as innocent as I appeared. “Hey beautiful. I heard you were back.” His playful lilt grated on my nerves.
I pulled my dress over my head. “Get out of my room, Alex.” I figured the best approach would be to ignore him, and continue with my original mission; which was to get the hell out of here. 
He laughed as he reached for me. “Don’t treat your lover like that.” He grasped my hand with his.
I pulled my hand from his as I glared at him. “I’m not your lover.”
He lunged, pushing me down onto the bed. He quickly pinned me. His mouth covered mine. I attempted to twist away, but he fought to hold me in place. He moved lower to my neck and tops of my breasts. If it were any other man I would have indulged, but I had a deep hate for Alex. I hated that I loved him for years even though I knew better. I hated being weaker than him. I hated being forced to bend to his will. I no longer had any love for him. It wouldn’t be his way anymore.
I shoved him backwards off of me. He sailed into the wall. He collapsed startled. I got to my feet before he had a chance to recover. I was a little surprised that I was able to overpower him, but I hid it. I kicked him in the abdomen and he doubled over. I took the opportunity to get a few more strikes in. Striking him was exhilarating and liberating. 
He fought his way back to his feet, and lunged toward me, knocking me to the floor. I threw him off me, and he hit the door. I regained my footing before he regained his. 
He grinned as he climbed to his feet slowly. “You have gotten feisty. It will make this so much more fun when I take you, Elise.”
“You won’t be touching me again.” I was surprised at how even I kept my tone. 
He laughed coldly. “What do you plan to do? Kill me? You know Christian’s rules.”
He was right. Christian didn’t allow us to kill one another, no matter what grievance we had. If we wanted to remain part of his coven, then we had to get along. That didn’t mean I couldn’t hurt him a little. 
I lunged at him, throwing all my weight into him. We crashed through the door. It shattered into a million pieces. I hit him as many times as I could before he threw me off. I was enjoying the fight; I was enjoying that I was holding my own. I could hear the commotion of the party going on downstairs. No one cared what was going on up here. He tackled me, slamming my head into the wall. 
He slid his hand under my dress. “I love a good rough fuck.” His tone was teasing like he was making fun of me.
“I’m not fucking you!” I head butt him. His nose crunched and blood poured from it. He cussed and caught me across the cheek with his fist. I hit the wall. My ribs crunched making me groan. 
He lunged at me again. I swung catching him across the jaw. He went over the railing, crashing down to the floor below. I was furious. I wanted him dead. I transported to the lower level. Alex was splayed out on the floor. He was unconscious, but I didn’t care. I moved toward him. 
Christian appeared in front of me blocking my advance. I hesitated as I looked up at him. He was as beautiful and dangerous as always. “You know my rules, Elise.” His tone was calm, but there was a threat just below the surface. 
“He started it. You know what he has done to me!” I was furious. I couldn’t believe he was defending Alex. He knew better than anyone how Alex played me. How he used me for his own fun just to throw me away.
He reached out and touched my cheek where Alex hit me. “He’s older, you are below him. He has certain rights you have yet to earn.” I slapped his hand away. He raised his eyebrows. I could see the first hint of anger in his eyes. He grabbed my arm and yanked me closer to him. “I will forgive your indiscretion, Elise, since you are obviously not thinking straight.”
His words only made me angrier. I went to pull my arm away from him, but he held me tightly. I lunged forward, sinking my fangs into his neck. His cool blood filled my mouth, almost instantly giving me the feeling that I was drunk. 
Christian cussed. The shocked murmur from the others in the room was all I could hear. I felt the rush of Christian transporting us. My vision went blurry. I landed hard on my back. The force made me release his neck. He glared down at me, and then shoved his hand through my chest making me gasp. 
“You betrayed me, Elise.” His hand wrapped around my heart making me cry out. He was going to kill me. I crossed a line by assaulting him. He would kill me to prevent any further attempts to rise against him. It was what all masters did.
“Christian, please …” I could barely form the words. The pain was so intense. 
His expression softened momentarily. He took his free hand and ran his fingers along my jaw. His lips brushed mine. “You were my favorite fledgling, Elise.”
I closed my eyes preparing for the pain of death. It would at least be quick. I was a fool for attacking him. He suddenly released my heart and withdrew his hand from my chest. A cry of relief spilled from my lips. 
“Death would be too easy for what you have done to me, Elise. You broke my heart, now I will break yours.” His words were filled with sadness. 
I didn’t really understand what was happening until the sudden coldness overwhelmed me. “Christian! No!” My cries were useless. I felt like I was suffocating. I never experienced such a feeling of intense pain and sadness. I could no longer feel him, it was just emptiness. He broke our bond. I heard of the pain it caused, but never experienced it.
“You have a choice now, Elise,” he whispered as he pressed the hilt of a dagger into my hand. He pressed his lips to mine, and then he was gone. I heard stories of how vampires younger than one hundred and fifty committed suicide; once the bond with their master was broken. They couldn’t survive the loneliness and pain. I was only fifty, far too young for him to take the bond from me.
I felt like I couldn’t breathe. I was cold, and the loneliness I felt was stifling. The thought of ending it was a comfort. I now understood why they did it. It was hard for vampires older than one hundred and fifty to go on. I had no chance at all. He gave me a death sentence, but he wouldn’t be the one to kill me. I would kill myself, and he knew it. 
I looked at the dagger trying to fight the urge to end it. The surge of emotions was overwhelming. I couldn’t move, or think. I always thought I wanted him out of my life for good, but the overwhelming pain and fear I felt made me regret my feelings. I wasn’t sure I could live without him … maybe death was better. 
Someone suddenly grasped my wrist and removed the dagger from my hand. 
“No!” I cried out unable to fight whoever it was.
A man looked down at me. His amber eyes made me hesitate. He wasn’t human, he was a werewolf. Werewolves didn’t usually have the best relationship with vampires. His blond hair was thick and wavy. He was shirtless as far as I could tell. I was sure he was completely naked; I just couldn’t take my eyes off his eyes. “You’re in my territory, vampire.” His tone was soft, but threatening. 
“Then kill me,” I whispered through gritted teeth. I would’ve welcomed death at this point. 
His eyes shifted to my chest, and then he touched the wound; where Christian put his hand through me. I moaned in pain, and his eyes shifted to mine. “You must’ve done something to make him angry.”
I wanted to be sarcastic and rude, but I didn’t want him to leave me. We were in the woods; somewhere dark and cold. The bond I had with Christian gave me strength. Now I was a weak nothing. I looked away from him. “If you’re going to kill me, just get it over with.”
“I think the whole point was for you to kill yourself.” The amusement in his tone angered me.
I scowled, and then pushed myself to a sitting position. “I will not kill myself.” I had the urge to, but I would fight it. I would fight it like I had everything else. I was incredibly weak, and I wouldn’t get far without feeding. I looked at him and he backed away.
“Try anything, and I will kill you.” His tone was harsh like he was serious. 
I was in no condition to fight a werewolf. I would have to find my meal elsewhere. “I always heard you guys were assholes,” I grumbled as I pulled myself to my feet.
He scoffed. “We are assholes? Are you serious? You’re a damn vampire.”
I rolled my eyes. “Can I have my dagger back? I haven’t completely decided if I want to live.”
He watched me cautiously. “You won’t make it far bleeding so much.” 
“Yeah well, unless you’re going to feed me, I have very little choice in the matter.” I was in a foul mood now, and all he was doing was irritating me more. I limped through the trees, using them to support my weight. I wasn’t exactly sure where I was going. I had no idea where Christian even took me. I had really never been out of the city. 
The werewolf caught up with me and slipped under my arm. He hooked one arm around my waist to support me. My arm fell across his shoulders. “I won’t let you feed from me, but I will help you get somewhere safe.”
I scoffed. “There is no such thing as safe for me anymore. I am master-less. I might as well end it now.” It was true. I was no longer protected by Christian’s contracts with the hunters or other covens. I was free to claim. The thought infuriated me more.
The werewolf sighed. “I have a cabin not far from here. I guess you could stay a night or two, at least until you heal.” He sounded like he wasn’t excited to offer. He didn’t want a vampire in his home; which was understandable. 
“I will be fine on my own. Just get me back to town.” I wasn’t going to inconvenience him. He’d already been much nicer than he should have been.
“Elise is your name?” he asked after a few minutes of silence. 
I nodded. He must have heard Christian say it.  “What is yours?”
“Noah. That other vampire was your master then?” He changed direction. It was obvious he knew the woods well. 
“Yes.” I was getting weaker. I needed to feed, but it seemed like the woods had no end. 
“So you’re a weak vampire then. I mean since you need a master and all?” His questions were starting to get annoying, but I was doing my best to be kind since he was helping me.
“I don’t need a master. I just have to survive being abandoned by my master. I’m only fifty; too young to be on my own.” My thoughts drifted to Christian, and an overwhelming sadness overcame me. I tried to push the feeling away. I felt like that naïve girl again. I was dumb enough to believe he would never hurt me like this, and again, I was wrong.
A cabin came into view. It was obvious he ignored my request to be taken back to town. 
He helped me up the stairs and opened the door. “I’m sure it’s not what a vampire like you is used to, but it’s comfy.”
I could’ve argued that I wasn’t like the others, but I doubted he would care. He thought I was like the rest. The cabin consisted of one large main room, and a small bathroom. He led me over a pile of blankets that were obviously used for a bed. I collapsed on it. I was out of energy. At this rate, I wouldn’t even be able to hunt. 
Noah nudged me gently with his foot. “Hey? How are you going to feed if you pass out?”
I groaned as I rolled into a ball. “I’m not.”
He sighed. “You’re pale. I don’t know a lot about vampires, but I know you have to feed.”
I ignored him. I wasn’t entirely sure I cared whether I fed or not. 

Chapter 3

Where was I? I felt foggy and disoriented. I was lying in soft sheets, but I knew it wasn’t my bed. No, these sheets were silk. My foster family didn’t have money for fancy things. I blinked a couple times, trying to remember what happened. I remembered the bar and the other girls. My mouth was dry … so dry. I was hungry, but the thought of food made me sick.
I felt someone move next to me. Olive eyes were staring into mine. It was him … I remembered him. Intense emotions overcame me, but I couldn’t move. Love and trust … these emotions were foreign to me. I was used to being on my own. The rules where I came from were simple … one … no one really loves you … and two … trust no one. I barely knew this man; so these feelings were unwarranted and borderline insane. I just met him and somehow he meant everything to me.
He smiled, and then his lips brushed mine. “My beautiful, Elise. You are mine forever.”
His words terrified and excited me. I wanted to be his forever … 
Cold fluid filled my mouth, pulling me from the dark. It was blood, but it wasn’t fresh and it made me want to gag. I pulled away.
Noah cussed in annoyance. “You have to eat. It’s the best I can do.”
I opened my eyes and blinked a couple times. He had a bag of blood pressed to my lips. I never drank bagged blood. It was terrible. I heard of others drinking it, mainly the ones who had no control over their urges to kill. I didn’t like it, but I decided not to fight. 
He started to pour the blood in my mouth again. I watched him as he focused on his task. Once the bag was empty his amber gaze shifted to my eyes. “You’ve been out for days. I figured I should do something.”
I was already starting to feel better despite the terrible meal. “Thank you.”
He nodded and set the bag aside. “I have more if you need it.”
I pulled myself to a sitting position. “I’m fine for now.”
He climbed to his feet. “I also brought you some clothes. I figured you would want to shower and change.”
“I would like that.” I closed my eyes trying to focus. My body still felt heavy. I felt so alone and I still had a chill I couldn’t shake. The comfort of Christian’s bond was gone. I was alone for the first time in fifty years. That night, he promised me forever … he lied. I hated thinking about him and dreaming about him. I ran my fingers through my hair and climbed to my feet.
“The bathroom is through there, and your clothes are on that chair,” he said nodding to the chair not far from us.
I walked to the chair and picked up the clothes. I carried them into the bathroom and shut the door. I was surprised the werewolf was being so accommodating. I caught my reflection in the mirror. I scowled slightly. I was pale and gaunt looking. I needed a fresh meal. The bagged blood wasn’t something I would be able to get used to. I turned and started the shower, and then I undressed.
I stepped into the hot water. I relaxed as I let the water pour over my back. My hand went to the place in my chest where Christian put his hand through me. There was a slight pink scar, but it would go away as soon as I fed. The thought of feeding didn’t even bring the appeal it used to. My future was suddenly looking grimmer than it ever had before. I washed, and then stepped out of the shower.
I dried off and dressed in the simple pair of jeans and tank top that Noah gave me. It wasn’t usually my style, but it would have to do for now. 
I walked back out into the main room. Noah looked up at me. He was lying in the pile of blankets watching TV. “You look a little better.”
I glanced at him. “I appreciate all your help. Can you tell me how to get back to town?”
He kept his eyes on me; as he slowly climbed to his feet. “Do you think you should leave so soon?”
I shrugged. “I’m well enough to travel. I figured you would want me out of your house.”
He flexed his hands as he thought about it. “You said it wasn’t safe for you anymore. You aren’t afraid of what might happen?”
I shook my head. “I’m not afraid of dying. I never have been.” It was the truth. There were worse things than death … I was starting to figure that out. 
He shoved his hands in his pockets as he watched me cautiously. “You can stay a couple more days. At least until you’re back to your old self.”
I scoffed. “I won’t get back to my old self unless I get a real meal.” Even then, I knew there was no going back. I had a choice to make; I could push on or give up. Giving up seemed like the easiest option, but I knew I would never be able to do it. I was too fucking stubborn. I wouldn’t let him win.
He scowled slightly. “What’s wrong with bagged blood? Do you have to kill to be happy?” He actually sounded angry.
I looked at him confused. “First of all, I have never killed anyone to feed. Secondly, it’s really none of your business; so why do you care?”
He looked a little surprised. “You don’t kill?”
I shook my head. “I don’t have to kill to feed and I know that. I’m not going to lie and say I don’t have the urge because I do, but I fight it.”
He looked thoughtful. “Now that your master broke his bond with you, will you still have control?”
I hesitated. I really didn’t know. Maybe I wouldn’t. I didn’t feel out of control. “I’m not sure how the broken bond will affect me.”
He walked over to a table and retrieved Christian’s dagger. He walked over to me and offered it to me. “I figured you would want this back.”
I accepted the dagger and looked down at it. I didn’t realize it when Christian gave it to me, but it was his favorite dagger. It was made of pure silver. The hilt was encrusted with emeralds and diamonds. I’d seen Christian use it several times over the years. It was always at his side. The fact that he left it with me meant something. Maybe it was stupid that it did, but I knew he wouldn’t leave this dagger with just anyone. I pushed the thought away. I could feel that naïve girl trying to fight her way back in. She was dumb enough to believe she mattered to him, I wasn’t. I wouldn’t be fooled by him again.
I looked up at him. “Thank you.” I tucked the dagger safely in the small of my back. I would use it is I needed it. 
He nodded. “I will show you the way back to town.” He walked to the door and waited for me. 
I followed him outside. I didn’t have any shoes. He didn’t either. He was wearing a pair of jeans and nothing else. He walked silently through the woods and I followed him. He seemed like he was deep in thought; so I didn’t bother making idle conversation. He easily navigated the woods like he knew them by heart. I was sure he did. I didn’t know much about werewolves, but I knew they were excellent hunters and trackers.
The lights from the city came into view. Noah stopped at the edge of the woods. I moved up next to him and looked toward the city. I was both relieved and unsure. I was glad to be out of the woods, but I no longer belonged like I did before. Christian gave me an identity. Now, I was no one. From here, there were two options, I would have to fight to make a name for myself, or die. I did have an advantage; they all thought I was dead. I would keep it that way until I was ready to face Christian again. I would be ready as soon as I got my strength back. I looked forward to the look on his face when he realized he no longer controlled me … at least I had to tell myself that. 
“Thank you, Noah.” I stepped forward, ready to get home.
Noah grabbed my hand. “Wait …” He trailed off as I looked back at him. He didn’t speak immediately. 
I smiled slightly. “Are you going to speak or let me go anytime soon?”
He quickly released my hand. He ran his fingers through his hair nervously. “Sorry. Just be careful.”
I nodded, then turned and continued on my way. Now that I was on the outskirts of the city, I knew exactly where I was going. It was a little after dark; so the streets were still alive with activity. I tried not to attract too much attention by sticking to the back roads and alleys. My apartment building finally came into view sending a rush of relief through me. I wanted to shower and change before hunting. I could’ve grabbed anyone off the street, but that really wasn’t my style. 
I stepped into my hall. I hesitated when I noticed a man standing in front of my door. It was my lover from the night I went to Christian. I still couldn’t remember his name, but I remembered his baby blue eyes. 
He brightened when he saw me. “Elise …I’ve been looking for you.”
I wasn’t quite sure what to say. The humans I was usually with didn’t remember me. If they did, they certainly didn’t return. “I’ve been away …” It was a little awkward. I walked to my door. I tried the handle. I was relieved to find it was unlocked. I didn’t have my purse or keys. I was sure they were still at Christian’s house. I went to go inside. I planned on ignoring him. He grabbed my wrist before I could make my getaway. I looked at him confused.
“Please … I want to be with you again. I’ve done nothing but think about that night.” He was so sincere it was almost disturbing. 
I scowled slightly. “You should go.” He shouldn’t have remembered that night. I didn’t usually go with the same human twice. It was kind of one of my unwritten rules. Keeping my distance from my lovers kept me from feeling anything for them. 
He looked disappointed as he released my wrist. “Please …I will do anything.” He was resorting to begging, and it was a little annoying.
I sighed and muttered under my breath. He was going to annoy me until I agreed. I did need to feed. If I let him stay, I wouldn’t have to go out. “Fine, you can stay for a couple hours.” I walked into my apartment. I picked the mail up off the floor. He hurried in after me. I would just wipe his memory after I was through with him, and then I wouldn’t have to worry about him returning.
He closed the door as he continued to watch me. “My name is Will.”
I glanced at him as I looked through my mail. “You don’t think I know that?” I didn’t know that, but I wasn’t about to admit it.
He smiled and shook his head. “You never asked the night we met.”
I thought about it for a moment. I couldn’t remember if I did or didn’t. “I usually ask,” I said thoughtfully. I set the mail on the counter. I retrieved Christian’s dagger out of my waistband and laid it on the counter as well. I narrowed my eyes as I looked around the apartment. It looked like someone had been here going through my things. 
Will placed his hands on my hips. His lips brushed my ear. “I’ve done nothing but think about you.”
I relaxed slightly. I leaned into him, closing my eyes. The need I heard in his voice triggered something inside me. He trailed kisses along my neck. My body livened, as his hands trailed over my body. I was suddenly looking forward to this encounter even more. 
He didn’t bother wasting anymore time. He peeled my tank top off and tossed it aside. I turned in his arms. His mouth found mine. His kiss was hungry and passionate. I could feel how much he wanted me. He pushed me back toward the bed. 
I sat down on the edge and looked up at him as I undid the button on his jeans. He quickly peeled his own shirt off and tossed it aside. I freed his hard cock. I ran my fingers over his hard shaft slowly. I loved how it felt in my hand. I covered his cock with my mouth. I slowly sucked, teasing him with my tongue. His fingers tangled in my hair, as groans of approval fell from his lips. His moans encouraged me. His skin was so soft. He smelled incredible. I was so hungry, but the longer I held off the better it would be when I finally fed.
He pulled away from me. I was slightly annoyed that he stopped me. I was looking forward to tasting his release. He smiled playfully as he knelt in front of me. He knew he annoyed me. He fumbled as he unbuttoned my jeans. He glanced at me. A slight blush crept up his cheeks when he met my eyes. I lifted my hips so he could slide my jeans off. 
I closed my eyes as he trailed kisses over my thighs. He pulled my legs apart. I moaned as his lips covered my soft, heated skin. His tongue and lips explored me, slowly teasing my delicate skin. I didn’t usually enjoy men doing this, but Will was definitely skilled in this particular area; so I indulged him. Tendrils of pleasure rolled over me. I cried out, curling my toes as an orgasm tore through me. My fingers found his soft hair. I looked down at him. He smiled up at me. His pretty blue eyes sparkled with admiration. He knew exactly what I liked. I knew it was dangerous to enjoy a human this much. I could end up with one bound to me, and I wasn’t sure I wanted that. That was a lot of responsibility and a weakness. 
I turned and crawled on the bed. He quickly moved over me, taking me from behind. I gasped, closing my eyes as he plunged his hard cock inside me. His chest pressed to my back as he pinned me to the bed. His breath on my ear was enough to push me over the edge. He thrust, slamming his body into me. 
I opened my eyes. His hands were firmly planted next to me as he supported his weight. It was the first time I noticed the tattoo on the inside of his arm. I scowled when I processed what the image depicted. It was the mark of the hunter. I cussed, as I threw him off me. He could easily kill me in such an intimate position. I straddled his waist, pinning him to the bed. 
His startled blue eyes met mine. “What did I do?” He sounded confused; like he didn’t expect my reaction.
“You didn’t think I would see this!” I hissed as I grabbed his arm.
His eyes shifted from mine to the tattoo and back. “You don’t like tattoos?”
I scoffed. “That is the mark of the hunter. What was your plan? Have sex with me again before putting a stake through my back?”
He looked alarmed. “What? I don’t even have a weapon. I would never hurt you. I don’t know what you’re talking about. This tattoo is just one my older brother and I got. He has a club, or something.”
I knew he was telling the truth. He honestly didn’t know what the mark meant, but I was sure his brother did. I relaxed a little. “Have you told your brother about me?”
He shook his head. “I don’t think he’ll care that I’m banging some girl.”
I raised my eyebrows in surprise. “Do you even know what I am?” I had a feeling he was clueless. It was obvious his brother kept him out of the life, but gave him the mark for protection. 
He looked even more confused. “You never said. I thought you just went to the same college.”
I sighed as I looked at the ceiling. He was clueless. It was still a seriously close call. I should’ve been paying more attention. I was going to end up dead if I didn’t. I was just lucky this time that he wasn’t a hunter. I looked back down at him. He was patiently waiting for me to get back to what we were doing. 
I shifted slightly. I slid down on his throbbing cock. I still had a slight problem. If his brother was a hunter, then he would kill me if he found out what Will and I were doing. Will rolled, pinning me to the bed. I decided worrying about his brother could wait. He smiled at me as he thrust aggressively. I closed my eyes as my body tightened with building pleasure. His moans were slowly increasing as he fought to hold on. His voice sent me over the edge. I cried out, digging my fingers into the mattress. His cries echoed mine. He thrust frantically, until he couldn’t hold back any longer. His hot release filled me. My body sagged under him. He collapsed over me, burying his face in my hair. 
Once my sexual desire was sated, my need for blood almost overwhelmed me. I closed my eyes, trying to fight the urge to kill. It was much stronger than usual. I didn’t have Christian’s bond offering me control. I was on my own with this. 
Will shifted slightly. His eyes met mine. He moved off me and lay on the bed next to me. He took my hand and pulled me onto his chest. He closed his eyes as he exposed his neck for me. He claimed he didn’t know what I was, but he was offering me his blood. He knew I was a vampire. 
I moved over him. I pressed my lips to his neck, and then bit down. I groaned as hot blood filled my mouth. I tangled my fingers in his hair, holding him tightly as I fed. His whimpers of pleasure and his racing pulse encouraged me. It felt like it had been ages since I last tasted fresh blood. I felt him lose consciousness; so I pulled away. I brushed my fingers along his jaw. He was a beautiful man. I briefly considered giving him my blood. I could make him completely loyal if I did. I would order him not to tell anyone about me. It would at least keep me safe from his brother. The only problem was I didn’t know if I wanted the responsibility of a bond. 
I sat up, debating my next move. I was still hungry. It had been so long since I fed, and I was completely drained; so one meal wouldn’t be enough. I walked to the bathroom and started the shower. I closed my eyes as the hot water rolled over me. I needed a plan. I laughed at the thought. There was no plan in this world that could prepare me for facing Christian again. 
I had enough of the shower after a few more minutes. I turned the water off, and stepped out. I wiped the foggy mirror and looked at my reflection. I was still the same vampire I was before Christian broke the bond; at least I looked the same. I didn’t feel the same. I made a disgusted noise. I hated feeling sorry for myself; I wasn’t that type. I learned a long time ago that feeling sorry for myself got me nowhere. 
I went to work applying makeup. I pinned my hair up. I liked wearing it up. When I was in Christian’s coven he insisted I wear it down. The thought annoyed me a little more. I was giving myself more of a reason to hate him. 
I walked to my closet. I looked through my dresses, taking my time. I didn’t like admitting I was nervous. I felt somewhat safe in the apartment. I wasn’t sure how I would feel once I was outside. I hated to admit I was weak, but I wasn’t dumb enough to think I was the strongest out there. Hell, there were quite a few much stronger than me. 
I selected a slinky red dress. I would visit one of the many bars downtown. It would be easy to feed, and many of the older vampires stayed away from the area. It wasn’t upscale enough for most of them. I put the dress on, and found a pair of matching heels. I grabbed a purse. I looked around the room, trying to make sure I wasn’t forgetting anything. My eyes settled on the silver dagger. I decided it wouldn’t hurt to take it with me. It could prove useful should I get in any trouble. I walked over and retrieved the dagger. Just looking at it made me furious; I quickly tucked it in my purse. I slung my purse over my shoulder and walked out of the apartment.
I didn’t need to catch a cab. The bars I wanted to go to were within walking distance. I got several looks and a few catcalls before I even made it to my destination. I walked into The Devil’s Cave. It was one of my favorites; although I didn’t frequent it all that often. The college boys avoided this place; it was a little too dangerous for them. 
I took a seat at the counter. Of course, I immediately caught the attention of the male bartender. He was new here; at least I would’ve remembered him the last time I came if he was working. He was a very large man. It was obvious he stayed at the gym when he wasn’t working. Not only was he tall, he was broad. He was handsome in a rogue kind of way. His arms were covered in tattoos that disappeared under his shirt. I was sure his very nicely defined chest was also covered in tattoos. His black hair was shaggy, and the stubble on his chin indicated he hadn’t shaved in a day or two. His jeans and tee shirt fit him in a way that showed off his assets. He wasn’t my usual type, but I was feeling adventurous. 
“What can I get you?” His voice was gruff and bored, but his dark brown eyes mirrored his curiosity. Women like me didn’t come to bars like this. I had his attention, I was sure of that. 
I smiled shyly. “Vodka on the rocks. Top shelf, I don’t want the cheap shit.”
He raised his eyebrows like he thought I would order a fruity drink, like many women probably did. He reached under the counter for the expensive stuff. The cheap stuff was displayed on the shelf behind him.
He poured my drink and pushed it over to me. “I’ve never seen you here before; are you new in town?”
I smiled slightly as I lifted my drink. “No, I have been around for a while.” I took a sip of my drink as I kept my eyes on him. I could hear his pulse quicken. I was making him nervous.  
He looked a little like he didn’t believe me. “I own this bar, and I’ve never seen you before in my life.”
I laughed lightly. “Maybe I didn’t want to be seen.”
A man entered the bar and sat a couple seats down from me. He nodded at me when I looked over at him. I looked back at the bartender. His eyes were still on me. I gave him a questioning look. He brushed me off as he turned and walked down the bar to greet the newcomer. 
I took a sip of my drink as I watched him. He was definitely intriguing. He wasn’t as easy to persuade as normal human men, that much was obvious. It seemed like he was immune to my charm. Hunters had an immunity to us, but he didn’t have the mark of the hunter. Their marks were in very specific places. I was sure he didn’t have one. I was suddenly very interested in making him my next meal.
He glanced at me as he made his way back down the bar. He was checking on his patrons. There were only a few at the bar, and a few more throughout the room. 
It was getting late. I looked up at the clock. It was a little after one in the morning now. Two was closing time, and then I would have him all to myself.
“Have somewhere to be?” His gruff voice pulled me from my thoughts.
I smiled. “Actually, I don’t.” 
He stood with his eyes locked on me. He was trying to figure me out. Maybe he already had. He was intelligent. He was unusual, very unusual. Human men didn’t question me. They just wanted my attention. I didn’t really know what he wanted. 
I tilted my head as I watched him curiously. “Do you have a name?”
He hesitated like he wasn’t sure if he wanted to tell me. “Kayden, what’s yours.” He started wiping the bar like he was trying to focus on something other than me.
“Elise. Do you close at two, Kayden?” His name rolled off my tongue. I was using my full charm on him.
His eyes locked with mine. I saw the uncertainty. He wasn’t sure about me. He wasn’t at all like the others. “Yes, why?” His tone was harsher than I expected. 
I shrugged. “No reason.” I should’ve been reconsidering going after him, but I wasn’t. I was getting more excited by the chase. It was nice to have a change of pace every now and then. 
He narrowed his eyes at me as he leaned in. “I know what you are. I don’t want your kind in my bar going after my patrons.”
I had to admit, he had me speechless. I couldn’t assume he meant vampire. He could have meant a whole host of other things. “Oh … and what am I exactly? And how do you know I’m not after you?”
He scowled. “I don’t pay for sex.”
I burst into a fit of giggles. He thought I was a hooker. “Oh darling, you can’t buy what I have to offer,” I cooed. 
He looked both confused and maybe even a little alarmed. “I’m not interested.” He tossed his rag on the counter and walked off.
I sighed. This was going to be more difficult than I anticipated. I downed the rest of my drink, and then stood. I looked around the bar at the others milling about. I didn’t want to wait any longer. “Ladies and gentleman, the bar is closed. Have a good evening.” 
Without even questioning me, the patrons all stood and began to file out. 
“What the hell are you doing? You can’t close my bar.” Kayden was furious as he came around the counter toward me. I had to admit, that made him even sexier. 
“I can do whatever I like.” I ran my fingers down his perfectly chiseled chest. 
“I don’t know who you think you are!” He took a threatening step toward me. He towered above me. 
I looked up at him. I was starting to get a little annoyed with how he was treating me. I wasn’t just some dumb girl. “You will do exactly as I say.” I kept my tone soft and even. 
His eyes widened and he stumbled away from me. “You’re one of them.” The fear in his voice made me hesitate. This was not working out at all like I planned. 
I scowled. “I’m not a hooker.”
“You’re a vampire.” The blood drained from his face. He was ashen with fear. 
I was suddenly even more intrigued than before. “How do you know what I am?”
“I’ve heard rumors about a female vampire in this area. There are some humans who are aware of your existence.” He was trying to hold his defiant tone, but his eyes showed me his fear. 
I crossed my arms as I watched him. I had no idea the humans discussed me. I had a decision to make. I could make him bend to my will, or I could walk away and find my meal elsewhere. I wasn’t the type to force anyone into anything. If he wasn’t willing, then I didn’t want him. “I have no idea what you’re talking about.” I turned on my heel and walked toward the door.
Before I could reach the door, he blocked it, pressing his body to the door. “I know what you are.” he persisted. “I’ve heard men describe you. You have a following even if you don’t know it.”
“You’re afraid of me. Why are you keeping me from leaving?” I had a lot of questions. I didn’t realize anyone was that aware of my presence. I thought I did a damn good job staying in the shadows. 
He straightened, puffing his chest out slightly. “I’m not afraid. I just …”
I sighed. I didn’t want to hear his excuse. “Look, I’m hungry and since you’re not cooperative; I need to find my meal elsewhere before the bars let out.”
He flexed his hands as he watched me. He was torn, that much was obvious. “I’ll be cooperative. Let me lock up, and we can go to my office.”
I smiled, slightly relieved that I would be getting my way. I turned and walked back toward my seat. “Pour me another drink.”
He locked the door, and then walked back behind the bar. He retrieved the high dollar vodka and poured me another glass. I watched him move around the room collecting glasses and trash; and then wiping the tables. He glanced at me occasionally. He was deep in thought. Maybe he was second guessing his decision. This was definitely a new scenario for me. The humans I took home weren’t aware like Kayden. They were oblivious; like Will. 
He tossed the rag on the counter once he was done. His eyes met mine. “The office is this way.” He turned and started toward the back of the bar. 
I stood and slowly followed. He peeled his shirt off as he entered the office. More tattoos covered his back. He was even more appealing with his shirt off. I stopped in the doorway of the office. Kayden was seated on an old couch. The office looked just as I thought it would. 
His eyes met mine. “What are you waiting for?”
I raised my eyebrows in annoyance. “I don’t normally take demands from my food.” I walked in the office as I spoke. I browsed the little shelves where he collected pictures and memorabilia. One picture in particular caught my attention. It was of him and a woman. I recognized the woman from years ago. She was a vampire named Teresa. I knew she died; another casualty of Christian’s rules. I suddenly realized why he was so immune to me. “You were bonded to a vampire.”
He scowled slightly. “Maybe.”
I smiled as I looked at him. “There’s no maybe about it. I knew Teresa, sort of. I also know she died. My question is why are you alive? Most humans bound to a vampire will die with him or her.”
“Well I wasn’t that lucky,” he snapped. “Can we get on with it?”
I narrowed my eyes at him as I crossed my arms. “If you don’t want this, I will go elsewhere.”
“No!” he said quickly. He watched me for a moment, then he made an annoyed noise as he looked away. “I want this. Please, don’t go.”
I sighed as I dropped my arms. I strutted toward him, smiling. “Fine, since you’re asking nicely.” I straddled his lap, running my hands over his chest as I did.
He caught my wrists stopping my hands. My eyes met his. He looked slightly annoyed. “Just feed, no sex.” He was firm like he had no plans to budge.
I rolled my eyes. “Fine, but you’re no fun,” I teased. 
I leaned into him. I took a moment to breathe in his scent. His breath caught in his throat as he prepared for my bite. I slowly sank my fangs into his neck. He gasped as his hands went to my hips. I clouded his mind. His body relaxed under me. I drank slowly, savoring the taste of him.
 I released him before he lost consciousness. I pulled away from him and looked at him. His eyes were hooded with pleasure and his breathing was slow and steady. I ran my fingers along his jaw. He pulled away like he didn’t like my touch. I hesitated, both confused and infuriated. Men didn’t pull away from me. If anything, they begged me for more. I decided it was time for me to leave before I lost my temper and did something I regretted. I transported because I didn’t have the patience to walk away. 
I stood in my apartment trying to regain my composure. I wasn’t usually so self-absorbed or vain, but the way Kayden treated me was really getting to me. I looked over at my bed. Will was still there. I muttered under my breath. Things were getting so complicated. I had one man who was sticking to me like glue and another that could barely stand my touch. I wasn’t sure which of the two annoyed me more. I had half a mind to kill both of them. I attempted to relax. That was the monster talking. I had to avoid the monster. Avoiding the monster was going to be one of the hardest parts of losing my bond with Christian. His strength made it easy, now I was on my own.

Chapter 4

The couch was not an ideal place to sleep, but Will was in my bed. I wasn’t against sleeping with someone else, but it was too intimate for me at the moment. I needed my space, and that meant sleeping on the couch. 
Someone touched my arm, pulling me from the darkness. Will smiled at me. “I just wanted to make sure you were okay.”
I tried to hide my annoyance as I sat up. “I’m fine.” I ran my fingers through my hair as I looked at the clock. It was a little after seven in the evening. It was a little early for me to be awake. 
He touched my hand, making me look at him. “You didn’t have to sleep on the couch.”
I quickly brushed him off. I didn’t want to have this discussion. “It was just easier.” I stood, deciding I might as well shower and dress. “Come shower with me.” I walked to the bathroom knowing he would follow my order. I started the shower. He leaned against the doorjamb, watching me. I glanced at him as I undressed. He was already naked. His perfect physique was hard to ignore. He smiled when I took his hand. 
I led him into the shower. I pushed him up against the wall, pressing my lips to his. His hands trailed down my back, and over my backside. I bit his lip, drawing blood. He groaned. The taste of his blood made my body come to life. In one swift movement he lifted me off my feet. I wrapped my legs around his waist. I slid down onto his hard cock, earning myself another groan of approval from his lips. He turned, pressing me to the wall. He thrust his hips forward, burying himself as far inside me as he could. Cries of pleasure fell from my lips. At that moment, all I could think about was him. I imagined every dirty little thing I could do to him, and the thoughts encouraged my lust. His lips found mine again as he started to thrust vigorously. He was doing everything right. He was driving me crazy, and he knew it.
Pleasure slowly built inside me, starting low in my belly and spreading over my entire body. The urge to feed intensified as the pleasure did. I released, begging for more. He cried out seconds after me as he lost control. I prepared to sink my fangs into him.
 A loud knock on the apartment door pulled me from the fog I was in. I was suddenly on high alert. I could sense the person, it was a vampire. I grasped Will’s chin, forcing him to look at me. “Find out who is at the door. Tell them you just moved in and that you are here alone, understand?”
He nodded, and then he climbed out of the shower. I turned the water off and climbed out as well. He wrapped a towel around his waist, and then walked out into the main room. I wrapped a towel around myself. I remained in the bathroom, listening. 
Will opened the door. “Can I help you?” 
The man at the door hesitated. “Do you live here?” 
I didn’t recognize the male vampire’s voice. I was sure it was one of Christian’s lackeys.
“Yeah, I just moved in.” Will was doing a damn good job sounding sincere. It wasn’t always easy to lie to vampires, even while under another vampire’s control. 
“Oh, I must have the wrong place.” The vampire was obviously satisfied. He didn’t find what he was expecting to. I had a feeling he might be looking for me. 
“No problem. Have a good night.” Will shut the door. 
I closed my eyes, relieved. I wasn’t in the mood to fight anyone. Christian was obviously watching my apartment. I didn’t see why he would. He knew my chances of surviving were slim. He was obviously holding out hope that I did survive. I scowled, mentally chiding myself for thinking like that. Christian didn’t give a shit about me. Why would he care who was in my apartment? I decided not to think about it. I didn’t care what he was thinking … I couldn’t care or I would go insane. 
Will walked back into the bathroom. He smiled as he wrapped his arms around me. “Should we continue this in bed?”
I shook my head, pushing him away. I didn’t have time to mess around with him anymore. I needed to find a new place to live. It was obvious someone got wind that someone was living in my apartment; so they came to find out who. To be honest, I was surprised. Christian was arrogant enough to believe I followed through and killed myself. I thought he knew me better than that. “I need to find somewhere new to stay.” I walked out into the main room and began looking through my clothes.
He sat on the edge of the bed watching me. “You don’t want to feed?”
I glanced at him, and then shook my head. “I need you lucid. You’re coming with me.” I had an idea of where to go. I would go back to Kayden’s place. I was sure his former mistress had a lair nearby. Any good vampire would, especially an older vampire. He followed my lead and began to dress. I would find somewhere to go first, and then I would come back for my things. 
Once we were both dressed, I headed for the door. He followed after me. I was a little on edge now that I knew someone was paying attention to my place. I wasn’t ready for them to know I was alive. I would be ready soon, but not quite yet. 
The Devil’s Cave was busier than it was last night. I walked in and looked around. Kayden wasn’t at the bar like he was the night before. The bartender was a young woman I’d seen many times before when I came to this bar. I walked to the bar, and Will followed me. 
“What can I get you?” The woman was more focused on Will than me. 
I didn’t want to say I was jealous, but it was slightly annoying. “Is Kayden here?” I figured getting straight to the point would be more efficient than wasting my time on small talk.
I suddenly had her full attention. It was obvious she didn’t like that I was looking for her boss. “He’s in the back, but he isn’t taking visitors.”
I laughed lightly. “I’m sure he will see me.” I turned to Will. “Stay here. I will be back.”
He nodded and took a seat at the counter. I walked toward the back. I knew where Kayden’s office was. His office door was ajar. He was sitting at his desk. He had a bottle of rum sitting within his reach. It was already half gone. I knocked briskly, and then let myself in without waiting for a response.
His expression darkened as he sat up straighter. “What are you doing here?”
I really didn’t like how he responded to me, but that was a discussion for another time. I sighed as I sat down on the edge of his desk, directly in front of him. “I need a place to stay.”
He raised his eyebrows. “And?”
I sighed tiredly. His tone was really annoying. “And I know your mistress had a lair.”
“No,” he said firmly as he stood. He walked around the desk away from me. “Leave.” He held the door as he looked back at me. 
I scowled as I got to my feet. I walked over to him and stood directly in front of him. “I don’t know what your problem is, and I don’t really care. I need a place to stay. You will tell me where she used to have her lair or I will make your life miserable.”
He laughed. “She beat you to that darling. I’m already miserable, now leave.” He turned to walk out himself.
I grabbed his arm and shoved him up against the wall. “I’m done playing games.”
He glared at me defiantly. He knew he was no match for me physically; so he didn’t even try to fight. 
I decided to continue to try reasoning with him. If I used much more force he would be completely against me. “I need you to cooperate. I need a place to stay; someplace other vampires do not know about.” 
He muttered under his breath and looked away. “Fine, follow me.” He turned and walked out of the room.
I followed him out of the office. Will was watching for me. I waved for him to follow me and Kayden. Kayden led me down a hall toward the back of the bar. He opened the door to a basement. I followed him down the stairs. He flipped the lights at the bottom of the stairs on. I was a little surprised. There was an entire apartment below the bar. It was a nice apartment too, but it didn’t look like it had been lived in for a long time.  
Will came down the stairs behind me, catching Kayden’s attention. “Who is he?”
“He’s mine,” I said simply as I began to explore the apartment. This place would be perfect. It was just my style, simple. I looked back at Kayden. He was still eyeing Will. “This will do. What do you want in exchange?”
Kayden looked a little surprised I was offering. “Just keep to yourself and leave me alone.”
I nodded. “Agreed.” I could handle that. He was interesting, but I had bigger problems to worry about. 
Kayden hurried back up the stairs leaving Will and I alone. “What next?”
“We need to clean up, and then get my things from the other apartment. This will do, at least temporarily,” I said thoughtfully.
“I don’t trust him.” His voice was low and worried.
I smiled as I brushed his hair behind his ear. “Neither do I, but it’s the best we can do for now.” I brushed my lips across his. “Now go, get my things.”
He nodded and left. I could always trust Will to obey, and I liked that. I went to work cleaning the place. I would never be able to stay if it wasn’t at least dust and dirt free.


***

I didn’t have much in the way of personal possessions. It only took Will two trips to bring me my things. I had the place clean by the time he finished. I looked around the apartment pleased with myself. I was going to enjoy this place; I could already tell. 
“You haven’t eaten tonight,” Will said playfully.
I looked over at him and smiled. He was already seated on the bed. He was completely nude. His cock was pressing against his abdomen. He wanted me without me even touching him. I turned and walked toward him. “Aren’t we feeling playful,” I teased. I straddled his lap and pressed my lips to his. I ran my hands over his perfect chest. I trailed my fingers through his hair as I indulged in kissing him. I loved tasting and feeling his lips against mine. 
Kayden cleared his throat catching my attention. I sighed, and then slowly pulled away from Will. I looked over at Kayden. He was standing at the bottom of the stairs with his arms crossed. “What?” I made sure it was clear that I didn’t like being interrupted.
He scowled. “There were a couple vampires here. They are claiming the territory. I just thought you might like to know.”
He suddenly had my attention. I climbed off of Will’s lap. “What did they look like?”
He shrugged. “Like a couple vampires. I didn’t pay that much attention to them.”
I sighed in annoyance. He was absolutely no help. “The next time they show up, let me know. I would like to find out who they are.”
He nodded, and then he turned and went back up the stairs. I stood staring after him. He was interesting; that was for sure. He was completely uninterested in me. He was the first man I met that made sure I knew he didn’t like me.
“You should get a lock put on that door.” Will’s playful tone brought me back to reality.
I turned and looked over at him. I smiled as I walked toward him. He was lying sprawled out on the bed now. I slowly climbed onto the bed toward him. I gently kissed him as I moved lower. I ran my lips and tongue over his hard shaft. He gasped. His body tensed with excitement. I covered his throbbing cock with my lips. I sucked gently, enjoying the groans of excitement that fell from his perfect lips. I ran my hands over his abs as I continued to tease him. I felt possessive over him. His body was mine, he was mine. His cries echoed through the room as he let go. The salty sweetness of his release filled my mouth. I savored the taste of him as I slowly moved further up his body. I laid kisses over his abs and chest. His breathing was slow and even. He was completely satisfied. 
My lips hovered over the pulse in his neck. I couldn’t resist … I bit down. His hot, sweet blood filled my mouth. I moaned as I slowly drank, easing my hunger. I drank until he lost consciousness and his breathing slowed. I reluctantly released him. I rolled onto my back looking at the ceiling. I wondered if Christian felt this way the night we met. I wondered if he ever thought about me like I was thinking about Will. Part of me hoped he did. Another part of me hated the lovesick idiot that thought that way. Despite everything, I smiled realizing I was actually happy. I didn’t think I would ever be happy after Christian broke our bond. I was glad I was wrong. 

Chapter 5

The rain wouldn’t stop falling. I stood looking out the window thinking it matched my current mood. Christian refused to see me again. He was hurting me and he didn’t care. I was new to this life. I was going on a little over six months since the night I met him. Everything had changed. I was a vampire now. At first, it didn’t seem so bad. As the weeks went on; Christian pushed me away. Now, he wouldn’t even see me.
The door opened, catching my attention. Alex, one of the older vampires, walked in. He smiled, slightly as he closed the door behind him. I didn’t know him well. He barely spoke to me, but I was usually glued to Christian’s side. He was handsome like all the others. He cleared his throat. “I just wanted to check on you. You seemed … down.”
I looked back out the window. “Christian won’t see me.”
He came to stand next to me. “I’m afraid that is just how he is.” He paused for a minute. His finger brushed my hair. “If you need a friend, I am here.”
I woke up tangled in Will’s arms. I wasn’t exactly comfortable, and thinking of Alex made me even more uncomfortable. I pulled away from Will and sat up. I ran my fingers through my hair, wondering why the fuck I was thinking about the past so much. I climbed out of bed, careful not to disturb Will. I walked into the bathroom and started a bath. I sunk down into the sudsy water and closed my eyes. 
I hated thinking of my past. Alex was a conman. He made me love him, and then tore me apart. He knew I was vulnerable after Christian started pushing me away. He used that to his advantage. He saw his way in, and he used it. My relationship with Alex was chaos then, just as it was the last time I saw him. All I had left for Alex was hate. 
“You’re making yourself comfortable.” I didn’t even hear Kayden approach. I didn’t know he was in the apartment until he spoke.
I opened my eyes and smiled at him. “You shouldn’t sneak up on a vampire.”
He scoffed. “I’m not afraid of you.”
I laughed. He was so defiant. I was finding it was more of a turn on than I thought it would be. “You can join me, if you like.”
He narrowed his eyes at me. “No. I won’t be like that loser in there.”
I was a little startled by the harshness in his tone. “For a former pet, you sure do hold a lot of animosity toward him. Did she not get you off enough?”
He straightened. His hands balled into fists at his sides. “Don’t talk about her like that.”
I sighed and leaned back. I was starting to tire of his constant bad mood. “You should consider getting laid. You’re starting to get on my nerves.”
He muttered under his breath as he turned and stalked out. He never even mentioned why he was here in the first place. I didn’t care why he was here. I closed my eyes and attempted to enjoy the rest of my bath. 
The sound of a loud commotion in the apartment, and several voices made me groan. I could already tell I wasn’t going to get a relaxing bath like I wanted. 
A young man appeared in my doorway. I could immediately tell he was a werewolf, and his resemblance to Noah was startling.
 Kayden and Will rushed in behind him. They had obviously tried to deter him, but failed due to his strength. 
“I tried to stop him,” Will was annoyed that he let him get to me, but I knew he didn’t realize what the young man actually was. 
“Can I help you?” I kept my tone light. He was part of Noah’s pack; I already knew that much. I didn’t know how he found me, or even what he wanted. 
“Are you Elise?” He looked frantic. Something was wrong; I just hoped he wasn’t here blaming me.
I smiled slightly. “It depends on who is asking.”
He glanced nervously at Kayden and Will, and then he looked back at me. “My brother, Noah, is hurt. He will be furious if he found out I was coming to you, but I know he helped you. You owe him a favor.”
I raised my eyebrows in surprise. He certainly was brave, demanding a favor from a vampire. “Is that what he said?”
The young werewolf shook his head. “He would never ask you to help him. He’s too stubborn, but I can’t let him die.”
I didn’t want Noah to die either. He was a good man, and someone who could end up being an ally one day. I knew it was in my best interest to help if I could. “What exactly has happened to your brother?”
His expression darkened. “Vampires. He refused to bow down to them. Now he’s hurt. I don’t think he’ll be able to heal on his own. They used silver on him.”
I sighed as I leaned back in the bathtub. “Darling, I would love to help, but your brother won’t take my blood. It would be a waste of time for me to even go to him.”
“I will serve you,” he said quickly. “I will do whatever it takes. The pack needs him.” He sounded as desperate as he looked.
I laughed. The gesture was sweet, but he was young; too young. “How old are you, and what is your name?”
He blushed, immediately indicating he was young, just as I thought. “My name is Thomas, and I’m seventeen.”
I felt bad for him. I knew this was a last resort. He never would’ve come if it wasn’t his only option. “Why don’t you go wait upstairs with Kayden? I will dress, and at least go see Noah.”
He looked relieved. He nodded, and then turned and hurried out of the bathroom. Kayden watched me for a second, and then he turned and followed Thomas.
I stood. Will handed me a towel. “Would you like to come with me?”
He hesitated. “The man you’re going to see, is he a former lover?” The hint of jealousy in his tone was obvious. I was going to have to address that immediately. I was not monogamous, and I wasn’t about to start to be just because of him. 
I laughed lightly as I walked into the main room. “No, he is not. However, I suppose I should have made it clear, you will not be my only lover. If you cannot handle that; then it would not be wise for you to stay here with me.”
He stiffened like he didn’t expect me to be so blunt. I could see the anger and jealousy in his pretty blue eyes. This was one of the reasons I didn’t keep the same lover. Things got complicated, and messy. I didn’t do the whole feelings thing. Feelings were for vampires who enjoyed drama. He finally looked away. He walked over to my drawer. “I understand; I can handle it; I promise.” He selected a bra and matching panties, and then brought them to me. 
I smiled as I accepted them. “I’m glad to hear it. I have so much fun with you.”
He smiled, and his eyes were back to glittering with the playfulness I loved to see. He went to the closet to find me an outfit, and I went to work getting dressed. I didn’t want to keep Thomas waiting too long. 


***

Thomas led me through the woods toward the cabin Noah let me stay at when I was injured. Will followed us silently. Kayden refused to come. He again made it clear he wanted nothing to do with me, or anything I did. 
The cabin came into sight. I was relieved; it seemed like we had been walking forever. It wasn’t that I didn’t enjoy a nice walk; I just didn’t enjoy the woods. I wasn’t a fan of Noah’s primitive way of living the first time around.
Thomas’s pace quickened when the house came into view. Other werewolves were hanging around the house. They immediately got suspicious when they saw me. I had a feeling Thomas didn’t get permission to bring me. 
“You brought a vampire on pack land?” An unusually large male werewolf blocked Thomas’s advance. 
I hadn’t seen many werewolves, but I was definitely beginning to believe I was missing out. The male werewolves were definitely a sight I was starting to enjoy. This particular one’s shirt looked like it was painted onto his perfectly muscled physique. The tattoos covering his arms made him even more appealing. I wasn’t usually a fan of tattoos, but his were attractive. His mocha skin made his pale blue eyes stand out. It was an unusual combination, along with his thick, black braids; which fell to the middle of his back.  
Thomas looked slightly worried as he attempted to stand his ground. “Noah is dying, Jayden.”
Jayden’s light blue gaze shifted to me. “What are you agreeing to do for him?”
I smiled. “I simply came because I was asked. I didn’t agree to do anything at all.”
Thomas spun around and looked at me with a very startled expression. “Wait, what? You said …” Thomas started, but I cut him off.
“I said I would come see Noah, and here I am. I never agreed to help or intervene.” I held Thomas’s angry gaze for a moment.
He made an annoyed noise and looked away. He pushed past Jayden and hurried into the house. 
Jayden watched Thomas disappear into the house, and then he looked back at me. “What will your help cost us?”
I smiled; I liked him. He knew exactly how things worked. I stepped closer to him. “Are you the man who can make deals?” 
I could use the werewolves to my advantage. I knew this pack had no ties to Christian. Having a werewolf pack at my beck and call would only make me stronger. The stronger I was, the harder it would be for any vampire to challenge me.
He watched me for a moment longer before speaking. “I’m the pack leader.”
 “Excellent!” I was pleased I didn’t have to wade through all the lackeys to get to the alpha. “Who is Noah to you, and what is he worth?”
His expression darkened. “I thought he saved you?”
I sighed. He was going to be impossible; I could already tell. “He did, but he never asked for anything in return; so …”
“So you’re going to take full advantage.” He scoffed as he crossed his arms. “Just like a vampire would.”
I smiled coyly. “I never claimed I was anything else. It was your pack member who came to me. I don’t usually venture into such primitive settings. Noah should consider himself a friend just for the mere fact that I’m here.” 
“Friends don’t have to bargain for assistance,” he countered.
I sighed. “Fine, we are currently acquaintances; perhaps one day we will, in fact, be friends.”
He laughed harshly. “I don’t think you even know what that word means.”
I didn’t have much time to respond. Thomas came rushing out of the house. “Jayden! He’s worse! He’s going to die!” 
I could tell the sheer panic in Thomas’s voice bothered Jayden. He cared about his pack. He would make a deal. It was starting to look like coming to Noah’s assistance wouldn’t be a waste of my time after all. 
Jayden cursed under his breath as he looked back at me. “I know I’m going to end up regretting making a deal with you.”
I gave him the best innocent look I could manage. “I’m simply trying to look out for my own, just as you are looking out for yours.”
“Yeah, sure. What will it take? Blood, sex, loyalty … Tell me; so you can save his life.” He was angry. He didn’t want to give me anything, but he wanted my help. 
He was making me sound like a total bitch. On most occasions, I didn’t mind being a bitch, but he was making sure everyone there knew I was one. I sighed in defeat. I was going to have to do this for free. At least it might gain me some points with him; so it wouldn’t be a total waste. “I don’t need blood; loyalty is overrated, and sex only if you’re willing,” I teased. “You get one freebie, and then it will start to cost you.” 
He looked genuinely surprised that I wasn’t making him make some unimaginable sacrifice. “So you’ll help him? No strings?”
I giggled. “None, but just this once; as a sign of my commitment to create a friendship between us.” I playfully ran my fingers over his chest as I walked past him. The others cleared a path in front of me, as I made my way toward the house. They acted like they never encountered a vampire before. It was actually quite amusing. I was pretty sure if I shouted ‘boo’ half of them would run.
I could smell the blood before I even walked in the house. Noah was lying in his pile of blankets. He was pale from blood loss. He had numerous lacerations across his chest. Surprisingly, he was still conscious; just barely. 
I knelt next to him and smiled. I could see the relief in his eyes. I was surprised. I thought I would see a variety of other emotions, especially with how adamant he was about me not biting him the last time we met. I suppose he knew there was no need for me to bite him. He just needed my blood to boost his own healing power. 
“You look like hell.” I lifted a bloody rag someone placed on his chest in an attempt to stop the bleeding.
“I didn’t think you would come.” His voice was strained from the pain of his injury. The wounds were deep and they weren’t healing at all. 
I smiled. “I’m not completely heartless.” I bit my own wrist and pressed it to his lips. My blood trickled into his mouth and he immediately relaxed. His eyes became even heavier than they were. He slowly passed out.
“What happened?” Thomas was starting to panic again.
I slowly stood. “Relax, he will be fine. He needs rest, and someone needs to dress his wounds properly.”
“Our pack healer left us a couple weeks back. We are doing the best we know how,” Jayden cut in.
I raised my eyebrows in annoyance. The best they knew how to do wasn’t good enough. 
Before I could speak my mind about it, Will spoke. “I can dress his wounds. I just need gauze and tape.”
Jayden nodded at Thomas, and Thomas ran off to get supplies. I looked at Will a little surprised. “Are you a doctor?”
He nodded. “I just graduated med school.” He shrugged his coat off and settled down next to Noah.
“How do you not know that? Isn’t he your lover?” Jayden actually sounded annoyed. 
“Yes, he’s my lover. We don’t exactly talk,” I said amused. 
Jayden practically rolled his eyes. He shook his head, then turned and walked out of the house. 
I sighed and turned my attention back to Will. “He’s touchy. What’s it with men lately?”
Will smiled, shaking his head. “I don’t have a clue. I’m going to be a while. You don’t have to stick around.”
I walked over to a chair near the wall and sat down. “I don’t have anything better to do. After all, you are here, and lately you’re about all I have to do,” I teased.
A blush crept up his cheeks. He turned his attention back to his task. I had a feeling it was going to be a very long night.

Chapter 6


I was trying to stay patient, but I was losing the battle. Watching Will play doctor wasn’t as interesting as I anticipated. I glanced at my watch; it was already after four in the morning. 
Will glanced at me obviously sensing my impatience. “I’m almost ready.” 
I was relieved to hear it. I didn’t want to leave Will behind, but I didn’t want to stay any longer either. 
Jayden shifted positions not far from me. He’d remained at Noah’s side the entire time we’d been here. “You didn’t have to stay. I would’ve gotten him home safely.” 
I stood, as I smiled sweetly at him. “I’m sure you would have, but I had nothing better to do.” 
Will was putting his supplies away. “I can come back later and change his bandages. As long as they stay clean they will heal well.”
Jayden nodded. “Thank you.”
Will glanced at me. “I’m ready.” 
“Excellent.” I was relieved to be heading back to the bar. I stepped out into the cool early morning air. Will followed me silently. I knew my way back now that I had been here twice. I glanced at him. He was deep in thought. “Are you okay?”
He nodded. “I was just thinking.”
I didn’t usually care what my human lovers were thinking, but the relationship Will and I had was going beyond what I normally allowed. “Oh, about what?”
He smiled nervously. “Being a doctor. After I met you I considered giving it all up, but after tonight; I’m not so sure.”
I scoffed. “Why on earth would you give it up? That makes no sense.”
He blushed. “I didn’t want to leave your side. I’ve never met anyone like you.” 
I sighed impatiently. This was the part of relationships I couldn’t stand. I hated it because I remember feeling the same way for Christian and even Alex at one time. I stopped walking and looked at him. “You will not quit being a doctor. In fact, you are to go home, and go back to work.” I wasn’t asking. I was telling, and he knew it. 
He smiled nervously. “Okay, I won’t argue, but after my shift I’m coming back to you.”
I laughed. “I won’t protest that.” We continued walking toward the city in silence. 
Will’s apartment wasn’t far from mine. It was close to the hospital. He stopped at the entrance and looked at me. “You know, you could come up.”
I smiled, shaking my head. “You need rest if you want to go back to work. I will only distract you.”
He looked a little disappointed, but he nodded. He stepped closer to me and gave me a brisk kiss on the lips, and then he turned and hurried into the building. I stood staring for a moment. I was really letting things get out of hand with him, but I wasn’t quite ready to let him go yet. I felt so alone after Christian broke our bond. Will took some of that loneliness away, and I wasn’t in a hurry to lose that. 
I turned and walked back toward the bar. The sun would be up soon, but I wasn’t tired, I was restless. The bar was closed, but the door was unlocked. 
I walked in and Kayden looked up at me. “I was starting to wonder if something happened.” He was drying glasses as he spoke. 
I sat down on the stool in front of him. “Can I have a drink?” 
He nodded and poured me a glass of vodka. He slid the glass over to me. “Where’s your toy?” The condescendence in his tone was unusually strong. He really didn’t like Will. I was sure Will reminded him of himself, or at least himself at one time. 
“I sent him home.” I took a sip of my drink. I didn’t want to elaborate. I was sure Kayden didn’t care anyway.
He laughed. “Tired of him already?”
I shrugged. “Maybe, maybe not. He does have a life.”
His eyes met mine. It wasn’t the answer he expected. He looked back at what he was doing. “Vampire’s don’t care about anything but themselves.”
I rolled my eyes. “You’re so uptight. What’s your progress on getting laid? Do you need some help? I’m sure I could convince some pretty little thing to rock your world.”
He scowled. “I don’t need any help getting laid.”
I smiled biting my lip. “Then I would really recommend you do so before you irritate me.” I downed the rest of my drink, and then stood. I walked toward my room.
I heard Kayden coming up behind me, but before I could turn he grabbed me. His arm suddenly wrapped around my waist. He pulled me back against his chest and pressed the tip of Christian’s dagger into my chest, just over my heart. He must’ve gotten it from my room. 
“I should kill you now?” he growled. 
I was a little startled. I could easily get out of the situation, but I was curious to learn why he was doing it in the first place. “Darling, if you were going to kill me, you wouldn’t have warned me.”
I felt him tense. He didn’t like me calling him out. I knew he would retaliate. I shifted down as my hand went to his. He pushed the dagger down. The silver point pierced my shoulder. I cussed and laughed. 
He was still holding me tightly. He was panting. I wasn’t even trying that hard to fight and it was difficult for him to control me. “Stop!” His demand didn’t faze me.
I reached down, running my free hand over the evident bulge in his pants. He was turned on. “I have a feeling you want to put something other than that dagger in me,” I teased.
He cussed attempting to pull away from me. I took his distraction as an opportunity. I pulled the dagger from his grasp. He stumbled away from me, glaring at me. 
He stood watching me. His hands were clenched into fists at his side. His jaw was tense with anger.
I smiled as I laid the dagger on the pool table next to me. “You want to try again?”
His eyes shifted to the dagger next to me. He had to know he didn’t have a chance. The fact that he was even considering it amused me. 
He muttered under his breath, and then he turned and stalked back to his office. 
My eyes remained on the doorway he just disappeared through. He was dangerous and if I was smart I would eliminate that danger; but maybe I wasn’t smart. 
“He wants you dead.” Jayden’s calm voice pulled me from my thoughts.
I turned and smiled at him. I wasn’t expecting him to come to me so soon. “Jayden, what are you doing here?” I walked over to him and ran my hands over his chest. His expression darkened slightly. It wasn’t anger I saw in his eyes, it was something else … it was lust. I suddenly had an idea why he was here. I slipped my hand in his. “Right this way,” I cooed.
He didn’t resist. He allowed me to lead him to my apartment below the bar. I released his hand, as I turned toward him. I ran my hands over his chest. 
His eyes shifted from mine, to the wound on my shoulder. It was still bleeding because the dagger was silver. 
I smiled as I slowly unbuttoned my shirt. I slid it down, so the bleeding wound was exposed to him. 
His eyes shifted back to mine. We both knew what it would mean if he took my blood. I wouldn’t hesitate to bind him to me. He wasn’t a weak human. He was an ally I needed to have. I would use him to my advantage, and he knew it. 
He smiled. “Always looking out for yourself.”
I sighed. “Don’t make this more than what it is. You’re smart enough to know if you want something from me, I expect something in return.”
He leaned closer to me. His blue eyes sparkled with intelligence. He was certainly no fool. “I don’t know if your pussy is that good, baby.”
I laughed. I wasn’t offended. I considered it a challenge. I ran my lips lightly along his jaw, breathing in his scent as I went. “Is that a challenge, wolf?”
His body tensed. My words sent goose bumps rushing over his gorgeous mocha skin. A bulge formed in the front of his pants. He wanted me. The feeling that thought gave me is what I lived for. He didn’t speak.
I turned and walked toward the bed. I kicked my shoes off. I shimmied out of my pants, and then I undid my bra, discarding it on the floor with my other clothes. I was nude except for the small pair of lace panties I was wearing. I sat on the edge of my bed. My eyes scoured his beautiful body. He was frozen in place.  “Come, pretty wolf,” I called playfully.
He moved forward. His eyes were locked on mine. He stopped just in front of me. He looked down at me, but still remained quiet.
I had a feeling he was a man of few words. I grasped the hem of his painted on tee. I stood, sliding my body against his rock hard one. He lifted his arms; so I could lift his shirt over his head. My eyes scoured his beautiful chest as I ran my hands over his mocha skin. The contrast between his skin and mine was startling. I pressed my lips to his chest. He stiffened as if he was preparing for me to bite. I smiled as I met his pretty blue eyes. “I save biting for last, love. I wouldn’t want to affect your performance.” I ran my hand over his more evident bulge, squeezing gently as I did. 
The first sound, a low moan, escaped his mouth. His eyes told me everything I needed to know. He wanted what I had to offer. I slid back down his body, sitting back on the bed. I ran my fingers along his waist. I grasped the button on his jeans, quickly unbuttoning it. I freed his cock. I smiled as I ran my hand along his hard length. More moans fell from his lips as I laid gentle kisses over his hard cock. I ran my tongue over the head, tasting the sweetness of his excitement. 
He took a ragged breath as he closed his eyes. I continued to kiss, lick, and suck on him until he was rock hard and on the edge of release. He gasped when I took my lips from his cock, denying his release.
I laid back on the bed and looked up at him. I ran my foot over his soft chest as I smiled. “Come on, pretty wolf. Take me; I’m yours.”
The excitement raged in his blue eyes. He was hesitant, but we both knew that wouldn’t stop him. He ran his hands up my thighs. I closed my eyes, sighing with relief. He hooked my panties, and slowly slid them off my legs. He grasped my hips, pulling me closer to the edge of the bed. He rubbed the tip of his cock against my wet, needy pussy. 
I relaxed my body, silently giving him permission to proceed. A small strangled cry escaped his lips as he slowly began to sink into me. His wide shaft slowly eased inside me. He pulled back when he met resistance, and then he pushed forward again. He panted as he folded his body over me. He pressed his lips to mine. His tongue invaded my mouth. His kiss became rough and needy. He thrust his hips forward, burying himself inside me. 
I moved my body with his, meeting his desperate thrusts. I ran my hands up his back, breathing in the scent of his skin. My mouth watered at the thought of biting him. I pressed my lips to his shoulder. He tensed and pulled away from me. I gasped in surprise when he pulled himself free of me. He grasped my ankle and flipped me on my belly.
He was back inside me in an instant. “I haven’t made my decision yet, love.” His voice was a low growl. His tone sent waves of pleasure through me. 
I laughed as I pushed back against him, helping him bury himself deeper. “Become my ally, and you can have me whenever you want me,” I cooed. 
“You mean become your slave,” he corrected. 
I smiled, biting my lip. “Don’t pretend it wouldn’t be worth it.”
He was thrusting aggressively. His cock was so hard. I knew he was barely holding on to the small amount of control he started with. Pleasure unfurled low in my belly. I dug my fingers into the mattress as I buried my face in the bedding to muffle my cries. My release was intense. My pussy clamped around him and he lost control with me. His small moans in my ear satisfied me. I was hungry now; it was my turn to get what I wanted. I attempted to roll; so I could pin him to the bed and feed. 
“No,” he growled, holding me pinned face down. He was panting, trying to recover. 
“What do you mean no?” I demanded. He got what he wanted; now I wanted my part of the deal.
“I never agreed to anything, love. I simply entertained you proposal.” I could hear the amusement in his voice. He was laughing at me. 
I fought for control of my temper. He was right, we never actually agreed to anything. “Jayden, this is not a bridge you want to burn.” I kept my tone steady and even. He was still pinning me. He was strong; it wouldn’t be easy for me to get away from him. 
He moved off my body, and then released me. I rolled and sat up. I glared at him. He was pulling his pants up and buttoning them. He smiled, his blue eyes sparkled. “I had fun, love.”
“You are mine,” I snapped as I stood. He knew this whole show was to win him over and convince him to bond with me. 
He straightened. He was definitely a force to be reckoned with. He wasn’t a silly human. He was dangerous. “I’m no one’s property.” He turned and walked out without waiting for me to reply.
“Fuck!” I cussed so loud I was sure even Kayden could hear me. I was furious. Jayden was not going to be as easy to convince as I hoped. I thought I had him, and he played me. I walked to the bathroom and started the shower. I was trying to control my temper because I wasn’t interested in fixing the shit I broke from being too rough. 
I climbed into the hot water and closed my eyes. I needed allies and it was proving to be an arduous task. I needed to prove myself. All the other masters had underlings. They had bonds that made them stronger. I needed that if I ever planned to stand on my own. 
I heard someone in my apartment. I knew who it was before I even saw him. He was being obnoxiously loud, not even attempting to be stealthy. The door swung open and Kayden walked in. I was slightly on guard around him, but he was still a human. I could see the outline of his body through the frosted glass. He appeared to be stripping down. I wasn’t sure if I was in the mood for him. If I was going to have to put up with him, then he was going to feed me as well. 
He stepped into the shower. The stench of alcohol was slightly overwhelming. He was drunk. I was sure that was the only reason he was here. I watched him without speaking. My eyes were barely open. I wasn’t sure what I wanted, or even what he wanted yet. I could assume from the way his impressive cock pressed to his belly, he was in need of sexual relief. I was a little surprised. He seemed adamant about the no sex thing; which was slightly annoying really. 
He waited a few moments. His dark eyes locked on me. He wanted permission, but I wasn’t ready to give it. I was still furious with the last male I dealt with. After a minute or two he cussed and stepped forward. His rough hands found my hips. He pulled me forward into a biting kiss. He quickly scooped me off my feet. He pushed his wide hips between my legs, and buried himself deep inside me.
A small moan broke through my lips. He was a lot to take so suddenly. If I were human he would’ve no doubt injured me. He didn’t seem to care. His mission was to please himself, not me. I would’ve taken the time to be offended, but I honestly wasn’t really surprised. 
He clamped his eyes shut, as he buried his face in my hair. His thick fingers dug into the soft skin of my thighs as he buried himself deeper inside me. He slowly started thrusting in a rough rhythm. His hot breath was on my ear. The small moans and pants escaping his lips gave me an idea of how much he was enjoying me. Pleasure unfurled low in my belly, sending waves of sensations over me. A strangled moan escaped my lips as his rhythmic thrusts coaxed a release from my body.
My eyes drifted to the pulse in his neck. It throbbed with excitement. My mouth watered. I couldn’t handle the wait any long. I lunged forward like a rabid animal. I clutched his shoulders tightly as I buried my fangs in his neck.
He cried out in pleasure and pain. It obviously wasn’t too much pain. His hot release spilled from him, filling me. He collapsed to his knees, taking me with him. I was latched to him, drinking his hot, sweet blood. He didn’t attempt to pull away. He knew I would take what I wanted if he didn’t offer. 
I reluctantly released him before he lost consciousness. I needed him to be able to get to the bed. I sat watching him. My body still enveloped him. His cock was firm inside me, but not enough to perform again. I liked how he felt; so I was in no hurry to lose the sensation. The scent of sex and blood was a heady combination. I was in a slight daze myself. 
I brushed a damp lock of his hair behind his ear. His expression was hazy. He smiled lazily. It was not a common expression for him; so it caught me off guard. I gave him a smile of my own. “I told you, you just needed to get laid.” I slowly dismounted him; climbing to my feet. 
He laughed as he laid his head back against the shower wall. “I hate you.”
I smiled at his words. There was the Kayden I was used to. “It didn’t seem like you did a few minutes ago,” I cooed.
His expression darkened slightly. Before he could say anything, I stepped out of the shower. I wrapped a towel around myself and walked into the main room. I sat in front of the vanity. I dried my hair, and then slowly combed it. Kayden walked out of the bathroom. He had a towel slung around his hips. He walked over to the bed, pulled his towel off, and climbed in like it was his own.
I scowled as I watched him through the mirror. “Don’t you have a bed?”
He fluffed a pillow, getting comfortable. “I want to sleep with you.” His tone was testy.
I was a little confused. He hated me; at least that was what he claimed. I decided there was no point in fighting him. I stood and walked to the bed. I climbed in next to him. I was tired, even though I had quite a bit to think about.

Chapter 7

The only time I got real rest was when I slept. When I was asleep, I didn’t have to think about the impossible human, the clingy human, or the pain in the ass werewolf I was currently dealing with. No … when I slept, there was nothing. No thoughts, no dreams, no worries. I sometimes wondered if it was what it felt like to be dead … like really dead. 
Lately, there was the rare occasion where a memory would invade my mind. I wasn’t really asleep during those times. I was caught somewhere in-between consciousness and unconsciousness. 
I opened my eyes. Something pulled me from my sanctuary. Pleasure rolled over me, making my nipples tighten in response. I looked down and Will smiled up at me. His playful baby blue eyes were enough to melt any human girl’s heart. I kind of wished they had that effect on me. 
I gave him a questioning look. “Aren’t you supposed to be working?”
He laughed as he trailed kisses up my body. “My shift ended, and I came here like I said I would.”
He was already naked. His lips found mine and he kissed me. His kiss wasn’t passionate or needy like Kayden’s or Jayden’s kiss. Instead it was gentle … almost loving. I tried to resist the urge to stop him. He was getting too attached and I knew it. The right thing to do would have been to let him go, make him forget me. He deserved to have his life. He deserved to be free to love a girl who had the ability to love him back. The only problem with that was I was starting to feel possessive over him. I didn’t want to let him go. I wanted to keep him as my own. He cared about me no matter what I did. He just wanted to be by my side. 
I wrapped my arms and legs around him possessively. Moans of pleasure escaped his lips as he buried himself inside me. He trailed kisses along my neck to my ear. He nuzzled my ear, and his breath on my ear made my body respond to him. My eyes fluttered shut; as he gently sucked my lobe. “You’re everything to me,” he murmured. 
My eyes flew open and my lips parted. My immediate thought was to reject him. He reminded me too much of myself when I was younger. I wanted to tell him he was an idiot and to make him leave. I wanted to save him from the pain I knew would eventually come, but no words came out of my mouth. I just stared at the ceiling trying to figure out what the hell I was doing.
His mouth continued to kiss my neck, as his hips moved in small circles, teasing my body. I rolled suddenly, startling him. I buried my face in his neck and bit down.
He cried out and released as the pleasure of my bite consumed him. “Elise …” he started confused.
I pulled away from him. I sat up and brought my wrist to my mouth. I bit my wrist. I was going to give him my blood. I didn’t want to be alone anymore. Will wanted me. He always came back to me, and somehow I knew he always would. Even if I pushed him away, he would come back. I knew from experience once a human was in love with a vampire, there was nothing that would stop the feeling. Will’s eyes met mine. His expression softened and his lips parted. He knew what this meant, and he wanted it. I went to press my wrist to his lips. 
“Oh no you don’t,” Kayden growled in my ear. He roughly grasped my wrist with one hand, then wrapped his free arm around my waist and pulled me back, away from Will. 
“What the fuck are you doing?” I demanded. I hadn’t attempted to escape his grasp yet. I was pretty sure I was too startled by his brazenness.
“I’m not letting you ruin an innocent man’s life. He still has a chance. If you do this, you might as well kill him,” Kayden growled.
Will scowled as he sat up. “I want this. I want Elise. I want to be with her.”
Kayden stiffened. “You think you do, but you have no idea what that really means. Believe me, kid; I’m saving you from a life of pain and heartbreak.”
I tried to calm my temper before I did something stupid … like kill Kayden. Part of me knew Kayden was right, but I didn’t want to admit that to myself. “I would never hurt him.” 
Kayden scoffed. “You’ll never think you’re hurting anyone, but I promise that is all your kind does.”
Will moved closer to me and Kayden. His eyes were locked with Kayden’s eyes. “I noticed you were fine with her last night. You were fine sleeping in her bed. Now that she’s offering herself to another man, you have a problem.”
Kayden stiffened. I waited for him to say something, but he never did. He shoved me forward forcefully. Will caught me before I landed on my face. I could tell by the startled expression on Will’s face, he didn’t expect Kayden’s reaction. “Bond with the whore. Don’t come crying to me when she tears you apart.” Kayden got to his feet and stalked out, leaving Will holding me tightly. 
After a minute or two, Will looked down at me. He took my wrist that I bit a few minutes earlier and pressed it to his lips. He closed his eyes as he coaxed the blood from the wound. I felt the warm tingling sensation consume me as the bond took hold. Will stiffened, and then collapsed to the bed. Cries and groans escaped his lips. I knew he would be like that for a while, until he could recover from the bond taking hold.
My eyes drifted from where Will lay, to the door Kayden just left through. I had to do something about that man. I got to my feet and walked up the stairs to the bar. It was still early, so it wasn’t open yet. I walked to the office and opened the door. Kayden was pulling a shirt over his head.
He looked a little startled. His eyes scoured my nude body, and then he scowled. “Get out!”
I remained still as I watched him. “You know I have to do something to control you, don’t you?” He had to know I would do something. He kept pushing and pushing. He was giving me no choice. 
His expression darkened. His hands clenched into fists. “You might as well kill me, bitch!” he snarled.
I smiled slightly as I walked further into the office and closed the door. “Come to me, Kayden. Please don’t make this hard.” 
He shook his head and stumbled backwards. “I won’t do this again! I won’t!”
“You’re giving me no choice,” I said softly. He had gone too far trying to kill me. Now he was intervening in my other relationships. It was too risky letting him stay unattached and alive.
His eyes darted around as he looked for a weapon or means of escape. I wasn’t really sure which. I moved suddenly, quicker than he could even process. I buried my face in his neck.
A strangled cry of surprise escaped his lips. He attempted to fight me off, but I held him tightly. His fists connected with my sides, but I refused to release him. Once he weakened, I pulled away. He sank to his knees in front of me. His eyes were full of fear and hate. I bit my own wrist again. He attempted to cover his mouth. I moved around him, taking his head from behind. He tried to pull away, but I was too strong. I pried his lips open and pressed my wrist to his mouth. An anguished cry escaped his throat as my blood trickled in and down his throat. I felt the warm tendrils of the bond taking hold. I knew he did too. His body convulsed and he moaned. I slowly lowered him to the floor. He passed out. I brushed his hair out of his eyes. I decided to leave him. I knew when he woke up he would be angry, but eventually he would get over it. I left him, locking and closing his door behind me. I knew he wouldn’t want to be bothered; so I left him to himself. 
I walked back downstairs and started the shower. I stepped in and hot water poured over my skin. I closed my eyes trying to focus. I didn’t understand why I felt bad. I knew it had to be done, and the alternative was killing him. I didn’t want him dead. I just needed to be able to trust him. Anger welled up inside me. I knew I was being just like Christian and Alex. I was being the monster I never wanted to be. I didn’t feel like I had a choice anymore. It was me or them. In the past, I was always the one that suffered. I didn’t want to suffer anymore. I didn’t want to hurt Will or Kayden either, but what was the alternative. I was doing the best I could with what I was given. 
I washed, and then stepped out of the shower. I walked into my room. Will was still where I left him. I walked to my closet and found a nice dress. The soft black fabric covered my curves. I put on my favorite high heeled boots, and then I brushed my hair and did my makeup. 
I wasn’t sure what my plans for the evening were. I needed to address the whole Jayden issue. I knew using force with him would not be ideal. I had to convince him to bond with me on his own. He was smart, and that was going to be difficult. I still had Christian to worry about, but I would continue to lay low until I was ready to confront him.
I decided I really needed a drink. A really strong drink. I walked upstairs to the bar. Things were in full swing. I noticed the office door was still closed.
The woman behind the counter smiled. “What can I get you?”
“Vodka, make sure it’s top shelf. I will be over there,” I said indicating a booth in the far back.
She nodded. “I’ll get it to you.”
I walked to the vacant booth and sat down. This was the perfect spot. It overlooked the entire bar. No one liked it because it was very secluded. It was an enclosed booth; so no one could come at me from behind. I took the small pack of matches and lit the candle in the middle of the table. I sighed as I relaxed back against the booth.
The bartender smiled at me as she set my drink on the table. “Is that all?”
I nodded. “What’s your name?”
She blushed, shifting from foot to foot nervously. “Jenna.”
I smiled, amused by her sudden shyness. “Thank you, Jenna.”
She nodded, and then hurried back to her post. 
I sipped my drink as I watched the people mingle. They were all so careless, joking and flirting. They were completely oblivious to any danger. Humans had no idea how scary it really was. 
The office door opened catching my attention. Kayden stepped out. He had the usual scowl on his face, the one he always wore. It was nice to see he was freshly showered and dressed. I knew he would come around. He stalked over to the bar and began helping Jenna serve people. I didn’t believe he noticed me yet. 
After a few minutes, Jenna said something to him as she poured another drink. His head snapped up, and his eyes landed on me. He took the drink she just poured, said something to her, and then he walked out around the bar. 
He walked over to me and set my fresh drink on the table. “Blood sucking bitches get their drinks free tonight,” he said coldly.
I smiled slightly. “Well, I’m glad you haven’t lost your sense of humor.”
Before he could say anything, there was a commotion near the front of the bar. He cussed under his breath. “Your friends are here,” he snapped, and then he strode back toward the counter.
His target was three men who just walked in. I knew immediately they were vampires. I didn’t recognize them, but that wasn’t unusual. The older vampires had numerous fledglings. It wouldn’t be possible for me to meet them all and remember them. 
“I told you not to come back,” Kayden spat as he got in the face of the one standing closest to him.
The vampire smirked. “We’re here on Alexander’s order. This is his territory now.”
They had my full attention now. The thought of Alexander made my blood boil. Of course he would be the one to try to take my territory. He had to be the one watching my apartment. Obviously I crossed his mind more than I thought. I didn’t wait for them to start a fight. I appeared in front of the one Kayden was confronting. His eyes widened, but it was too late. I hit him, and he slumped to the floor. I moved quickly, attacking the other two in the same way.
The entire bar was deathly quiet. Kayden watched me, looking slightly confused and alarmed. 
“I know there’s a cellar down below. Lock them up; be sure to use silver chains.” I turned and walked back over to my booth and sat down. I didn’t really know what I was going to do with them. I was sure I would find a purpose for them.
Kayden and another man went to work carrying them downstairs. I was glad he didn’t fight me. I didn’t need him annoying me on top of everything else. 
Once they were done, Kayden slid into the seat across from me. “What’s your plan?”
I shrugged as I ran my fingertip around the rim of my glass. “I’m not sure.” 
“You obviously don’t like this Alexander by your reaction.” He was prying; which was unusual for Kayden. 
I looked up at him. “We aren’t friends. Let’s just say he doesn’t give people choices like I do.”
His expression darkened. “I don’t recall getting a choice.”
I sighed. “You would’ve chosen death and I don’t want you dead. I would never force you to be with me or anyone else. You have free will, despite what you think.”
He seemed to relax a little as he thought about it. “Why don’t you have any other humans? Where have they all gone over the years?”
I smiled. “You and Will are the first I have bonded with. I didn’t need the headache of bonds. They tie the vampire down as much as they do the humans.”
He looked slightly startled. “Why us? Why now?”
I sighed tiredly. “I don’t have the answers you want.” I got to my feet. “I’m going to check on Will.” I turned away from him. He didn’t protest. I walked downstairs to my room. 
Will was sitting on the bed. He looked like he was deep in thought. He was freshly showered. A towel was slung low on his hips. He smiled when he saw me. He held his arms open. I straddled his lap, pressing my lips to his. I tangled my fingers in his damp hair.
He laughed, pulling back slightly. “I need to dress and visit Noah. Would you like to come?”
The thought of seeing Jayden wasn’t a pleasant one. I was sure the minute he gave me his smug smile I would lose it and forget about diplomacy. He thought he had one up on me, and maybe he did. I still needed to attempt to create some kind of alliance. I finally nodded and climbed off his lap. His cock was hard and it seemed like a waste not to use it, but I knew he would refuse me in the name of work.
He stood and started getting dressed. I lounged on the bed watching him. He was an incredibly handsome man. He looked over at me and smiled when he noticed me staring. “Am I on the menu?”
I smiled. “Definitely.” I sat up as he walked over to me. He pressed his lips to mine. I ran my hands up his backside. I considered pulling him down onto the bed and having my way with him. 
He pulled away before I could act on the urge. “Let’s go.” He took my hand and pulled me to my feet. He led me upstairs. He visibly stiffened when Kayden approached. 
Kayden ignored Will. He looked down at me. “How long will you be?”
I shrugged. “We’re going to see Noah.”
He pressed his lips together. The look of disapproval he was wearing was hard to ignore. “They will be awake soon. What am I supposed to do with them?” I knew he was talking about the vampires we were holding hostage. 
“Don’t go near them, and don’t let anyone else near them. I will speak to them when I get back.” I ran my fingers down his chest playfully, and then followed Will outside.
The cool night air made me relax immediately. I knew the way to Noah’s house now, so Will and I easily wound through the trees toward his cabin. 
There were people gathered, just as they were the night before. Most of them were just mingling. Will and I had everyone’s attention. I was sure I was more at fault for drawing attention.
No one hindered us from entering the house. Noah was sitting up. He looked extremely pissed off, but he was at least conscious. 
Thomas jumped to his feet and smiled when he saw me. “I was wondering when you would be back.” He hurried over to me and hugged me.
I was a little startled by his show of affection. Will smiled, shaking his head as he knelt next to Noah.
“He shouldn’t have gone to you,” Noah pouted.
I shrugged as I looked at Noah. “It is no big deal. I sort of owed you.”
Thomas went to his brother’s side and sat next to him. “I wasn’t going to let you die.”
“These are starting to heal better,” Will said as he examined Noah’s injuries.
Jayden walked into the cabin, catching everyone’s attention. His eyes fell on me. “We need to talk.” He immediately turned and walked out.
I rolled my eyes. “He seems like he is in such a good mood.”
I walked onto the porch where Jayden was waiting. “This way,” he said, and then started down the stairs.
I followed him into the woods. He walked a small distance. I knew he was attempting to get away from the others. 
“What’s wrong? Don’t want anyone to know I’m your dirty little secret?” I teased.
His eyebrows knit together as he looked at me. “I’m an alpha. I can do what I want and who I want without being questioned, and you smell like me. There’s no hiding it. I simply wish to speak to you without being overheard.”
I crossed my arms and narrowed my eyes. “I told you not to burn this bridge, and you did when you denied me and walked out.”
He scoffed. “I refuse to believe you’re so petty. I’ll agree to an alliance, but not the kind that binds me to you.”
I sighed. “How does that benefit me? How would I know you aren’t betraying me?”
He smiled as he crossed his arms. “It’s called trust. You should look into it.”
I laughed coldly. “Yeah, that isn’t something I’m interested in. Good luck with your pack and all with a fluffy idea like that.” I turned to head back toward the cabin. 
He caught me around the waist. I had to admit he startled me. He moved quicker than I anticipated. Sometimes I forgot I was dealing with a werewolf. 
“I need you to cooperate.” His breath on my ear made my eyes dilate and my mouth water. Having him so close was almost too much. 
He groaned low in his throat as I pressed my body into him. “There is nothing in it for me as far as I can tell,” I pouted. 
“I will be loyal to you. You just have to trust me without a bond. If I bond with a vampire, it will show weakness. I’m not weak,” he said firmly. 
I sighed as I rubbed myself against him. “I suppose I could consider it …” I trailed off. I ran my hand over the bulge in his pants. 
He snatched my wrist, pulling my hand away. “When you have decided, let me know.” He released me, and disappeared into the woods.
I cussed under my breath, and then walked the short distance back to the cabin. Will was still dressing Noah’s wounds. “Can you make it home on your own? I have to attend to some issues.”
Will smiled and nodded. “I’ll be fine. I have to get to my shift after this anyway.”
“I’ll see you later then.” I turned and made my way into the woods. To be honest I wasn’t interested in walking. I transported and ended up in the bar. Kayden was the only one that noticed me. 
He walked around the bar. “They’re awake.” He walked toward the back of the bar and I followed. 
I was right, there was a cellar and it was setup to imprison vampires. Any sane vampire would have the set up just in case. I walked in past Kayden. 
“I’ll be upstairs if you need me,” Kayden said softly, and then he retreated. 
The first vampire glared at me as I walked into the cellar. “Alexander will make you pay for this.”
I laughed. “If you knew me, you would know I don’t fear Alex. Tell me, what are his grand plans?”
The vampire suddenly seemed nervous. 
“He’s under Christian’s protection. That means we are too,” the vampire next to him piped up.
I smiled slightly. “I’m not worried about Christian either. I do, however, have a problem with you clowns claiming my territory in Alex’s name. You see … that just rubs me the wrong way.”
Before the vampires could say anything, Kayden appeared on the stairs. “There’s another vampire. He just arrived. He asked to speak with the lady of the territory.”
I raised my eyebrows in confusion as I looked back at the vampires in front of me. The lead one was smirking. I had a feeling he called to Alex. I sighed. “Distract him for a moment. Let me see who it is I’m dealing with.”
Kayden nodded and hurried back up the stairs. 
I looked back at the vampires. They were smiling smugly. I gave them a smile of my own. “You’ll be lucky to make it out of this alive.” 
Their smiles faltered, giving me the little bit of satisfaction I was looking for. I turned and walked back up the stairs. 
Alex was perched on a barstool. Jenna was successfully keeping him distracted. Kayden was standing not too far away, obviously ensuring her safety. 
As soon as I saw him, nothing but hate boiled inside me. He was the reason for all of this. He was the reason Christian broke our bond. He made me love him and hate him to the point of breaking Christian’s rules. I didn’t want to give him a chance to defend himself. I attacked swiftly, throwing him against the wall. He slumped to the floor, unconscious. For as much as he ran his mouth, he was weak. I walked over and grabbed him by the collar of his jacket. I transported to the cellar. I dragged him to the wall and chained him next to his flunkies. 
I smiled at the lead vampire, who just ten minutes earlier seemed so confident. His eyes were glued on Alex’s limp body. 
“Ready to talk yet?” I asked sweetly.
The vampire shifted his gaze to me. He pressed his lips together and shook his head. I sighed and transported back up to the bar. I sat down on the barstool and Jenna quickly poured me a drink. I was in a foul mood now. I was going to end up dealing with Christian much sooner than I had anticipated. Alex would no doubt call him. He was a coward, even though he attempted to seem strong. 
If I waited for Christian to come to me, it would be an act of war. Technically he never stripped me of my territory because he assumed I was dead; so technically Alex committed an act of war against me. I had the right to defend my territory. The only catch was in order for me to abide completely by Christian’s rules, I had to report my capture of Alex and give Christian a chance to negotiate before blood was shed. That meant going to Christian’s coven and making a declaration.
I couldn’t afford a war with Christian. I could play by his rules; it just meant dealing with him. The thought of facing him made me shiver. I didn’t have a choice. I downed the rest of my drink, and then transported. 
I stood on the steps of Christian’s house. Carlos visibly stiffened when he saw me. A slow smile spread across his face. He slowly opened the door for me. Obviously, I was invited in. 
“Thank you, doll,” I ran my fingers down his chest as I stepped past him, into the foyer.
It was well into the evening; so I knew all the action would be in the main room. I walked toward the room, ignoring the few curious glances I received. Dillon scurried over to the doors to the main room and opened them for me. 
I walked in and the entire room quieted. I was doing a damn good job at looking confident. Christian and Michael were sitting in their usual spots on a large couch. They were surrounded by women begging to be their next meal. It was sad really. 
Michael jumped to his feet when he saw me. A look of confusion and excitement crossed his face. “Elise …” His voice was a soft whisper, almost too soft to hear.
Christian stood at a much slower pace. He was watching me cautiously. I was sure he thought I wanted him dead. Part of me did, but that wouldn’t be good enough. I really wanted to make him suffer. 
No one spoke immediately, so I did. “I’m declaring Alex captured. He attempted to take my territory; which is an act of war.”
Christian’s eyebrows raised in amusement. “You’re supposed to be dead.”
I scoffed. “Says who? I recall you gave me a choice.” I was surprised at how easy I was able to speak to him and hold his fierce gaze. I wanted to say my attraction to him died when our bond was broken, but that would be a lie. 
A small smiled played at his lips as he looked away. “I suppose I did. I guess I never stripped you of your territory …” He looked back at me and held out his hand. “Come here.”
I crossed my arms and glared at him. “No bond, no telling me what to do. I will however follow your territory rules; which I have done. I declared Alex captured, the rest is up to you.”
I could see the flicker of annoyance at my rejection. He let his hand drop. “Come, we will discuss this in my private rooms.” He disappeared before I could argue.
“Dammit!” I growled. I transported to the fourth floor landing. I walked into his room, throwing the door open in annoyance. “I’m not here to play games!” I was yelling at no one in particular. He wasn’t present at least I couldn’t see him. I knew he was close because I could sense him. 
He wrapped his arms around me from behind making me stiffen. He pressed his lips to my neck. “Welcome back, my beautiful Elise.”
“I’m not back,” I growled through gritted teeth.
He laughed lightly. “So temperamental … so defiant … I don’t know how I let myself believe you were gone.”
“I’m no longer yours.” I attempted to pull away from him.
His grip tightened on me. “There is only so much I can take lover. I suggest you watch your step.” The threat in his tone made me hesitate. 
“I simply needed to declare my position. I did not come here to be your toy or your meal.” I was surprised my voice wasn’t quaking. I felt an intense need to apologize and beg for his forgiveness, but I wouldn’t. 
I gasped when he sank his fangs into my neck. He released me, groaning as he licked his lips. “I missed how you taste. I never thought I would taste you again, Elise, my love.” He released me. “Join me in the bath.”
I knew he was gone and I could relax at least temporarily. I heard the splashing of water in the other room. I was drawn to him. I was moving without even realizing it. I stepped into the room where he was lounging in the pool of water. 
He smiled as he looked me over. “Undress, Elise. Come to me.”
I did as he asked. I knew how ugly it could turn if I didn’t play this right. I had to appease him. I wasn’t bound to him, but he was still far stronger than me. I had to please him to survive. He wasn’t responding as I hoped. I thought he would turn me away, maybe even ban me from his coven. I didn’t expect him to act as if his long lost love had returned. 
I stepped into the hot water. I was careful to remain on the opposite side of the pool from him. “Alex …” I started.
He cut me off. “Do as you wish with him. My gift to you, my love.”
I hesitated. I was confused and slightly alarmed. This was not at all what I expected. Alex was one of his closest enforcers. He was just going to sacrifice him? That made no sense.
He moved closer to me. He was like a wild animal approaching his prey. I was frozen. He pressed his body to mine. His erection pressed into my belly. He was making it known that he intended to have his way with me. I felt so small in his presence. I was suddenly less confident. I wanted to run and hide. 
He leaned into me. His lips brushed mine. He gently bit my lower lip drawing blood. “So … love … I see you want to have your own territory?”
“It was mine to begin with,” I said weakly.
He laughed. “No, love. It was mine, and I let you live there. Now if you want my territory, you and I must come to an agreement.”
I stuck my chin out defiantly. “What kind of agreement?”
He smiled as he played with a strand of my hair. He leaned into me, trailing his lips along my neck. I squeezed my eyes shut waiting for whatever demand he was about to make. “You will come to me whenever I call, and you will do whatever I ask.”
I felt my body go rigid. I didn’t want to be owned by him. It would be the same life I was living before. “If I refuse?” I couldn’t meet his eyes as I spoke. 
He pressed his body to mine. His lips brushed my ear. “I will destroy everything you care for … the doctor … the bar owner … the werewolf. I will make you watch as I take their lives, and then I will imprison you here for the rest of your life; which, as you know, will be a very long time, Elise.”
I didn’t have time to wonder how he knew so much about the others. It didn’t matter in the end. I knew he meant every word he said. I had no choice. I was his. I allowed myself to believe I could be free, but I never would be. He was my maker. I was his.
He brushed my lips with his. My eyes met his. “I hate you,” I whispered.
He smiled; the light glinted off his fangs giving him a menacing appearance. “You don’t mean that lover. This life is not worth living without you in it. I will do whatever it takes to keep you by my side for eternity.”
He took my hand in his and led me out of the water. He turned and lifted me off my feet. He carried me over to a lounge bed and laid me across it. He moved over the top of me. His lips covered my nipple. He took my other breast in his hand, kneading it. He sucked, licked, and rolled my nipple between his lips. 
He drew my legs up slowly running his hands along my thighs. A low groan escaped my lips as he pushed his hard cock inside me. He pulled back, and then thrust forward, filling me completely. My body responded to him like it was supposed to. I felt like I was far off. He didn’t seem to care as long as my body responded to his touch. Pleasure rolled over me. My fingers dug into his back, earning me groans of approval from his lips. I moved my hips with his, meeting him thrust for thrust. 
His green eyes met mine, and the intensity I saw there made me want him more. I waited fifty years for this moment. He took me the night he turned me, and then he never touched me again … until now. Now he was giving me everything I wanted for years … only it was a little late. I hated him. I was being forced. I couldn’t tell him no. I told myself this wasn’t my choice.
Cries fell from my lips as I released. I didn’t even recognize my own voice. I felt distant from my body. I was angry and determined to hate what he was doing. My body didn’t hate him. My hands touched him, coaxed him to move, let him know every time he did something just right. My body was betraying me. I wasn’t in control, he was. He always had been. I clamped my eyes shut.
I heard the feral growl as he buried his face into my neck. His bite burned, turning me on more. My pussy clamped around his hard shaft as he let go inside me. He drank greedily. I relaxed; waiting for the moment darkness overtook me. Somehow, I was looking forward to feeling nothing. 

Chapter 8

I opened my eyes wishing I was dead. Everything that happened came rushing back. I surrendered without a fight. I surrendered to save my friends. I surrendered because I was a coward. 
A woman’s soft cries pulled my attention. I turned my head toward the sound. Christian was feeding from a young woman. He wasn’t masking the pain, and she was crying and begging for mercy. His nude body was a sight to see as he fed from the girl. The limp body of another young woman lay at his feet. He was the kind of monster that gave humans nightmares. The young woman in his grasp went limp as she lost consciousness. He let her drop to the floor like a discarded toy. 
He looked over at me with a renewed lust. Blood dripped down his chin and chest. He stalked toward me. He was suddenly over me. My lips parted in surprise. He took it as an invitation. His mouth came crashing down on mine. His tongue tangled with mine. The taste of fresh blood made me groan. It felt like ages since I last fed. He enjoyed draining me, starving me. 
I rolled, pinning him to the bed. I licked the blood from his chest. The urge to bite him was overwhelming. Biting him was a big no, no. The last time I bit him I almost ended up dead. I suddenly didn’t care. I was feeling reckless. I knew what he tasted like. He tasted like heaven. I bit down. He went stiff under me, and I waited for his retaliation. His cool blood intoxicated me. The feeling of instantly being drunk took over. 
I shifted my hips forward. I slid down onto his hard cock, moaning as he filled me completely. He tangled his fingers in my hair, pulling my head back. I reluctantly released him as he pulled me to a sitting position. He had such a tight grip on my hair I was looking at the ceiling. I moved my hips, ramming my body against him. He was so deep inside me. He ran his free hand over my belly to my breast. He grasped my breast, squeezing gently. His touch was enough to send me over the edge. Cries of ecstasy fell from my lips. 
“Yes …” His low growls made me shiver, drawing the pleasure from my body. My pussy clamped tightly around him, demanding his release. His low growls echoed through the room. He let go, releasing his hold on my hair at the same time. 
I slumped over him, exhausted. I didn’t feed nearly enough to sate me. I was starving. It hurt being this hungry, especially now that I didn’t share a bond with Christian. I could hear the girls’ heartbeats as they lay unconscious on the floor. They couldn’t take another feeding. Christian had taken all they had to give without killing them. I would kill them for sure. I fought to push the hunger away. I was shaking with exertion and the need to feed. 
He caught me under my chin forcing me to look at him. My eyes locked with his. I was gritting my teeth, fighting with everything I had. “Look how strong you are, my love.”
I shook my head and buried my face in his chest. “I’m not strong enough. I need to feed.”
He ran his hand down my back. “I will call someone.”
Relief washed over me. I figured he was punishing me. He seemed to enjoy punishing me as of late. The doors opened and another young woman came in. She removed her robe and crawled onto the bed next to us. She didn’t say a word, she just lay there.
I couldn’t resist for long. I moved over her and buried my face in her neck. Hot blood filled my mouth. I groaned as I held her tightly. I fought to drink slowly instead of fast. If I went fast, I would waste a lot and it would be messy. 
Christian pressed his lips to my lower back. He ran his hands over my back as he trailed kisses up to my shoulder blades. 
When the girl’s heartbeat slowed, I reluctantly pulled away. I sat up on my knees, leaning back into him. His arms snaked around me. His hands cupped my breasts. He gently twisted my nipples with his fingers. I gasped, as he entered me from behind. I lifted my hips slightly, giving him a better angle; so he could bury himself deeper inside me. My back arched, pushing my breasts into his hands. I laid my head back, closing my eyes. I gave myself to him completely, letting his hands, lips, and cock possess me. I never wanted this to stop. I never wanted to go back to reality. Christian was like a bad drug. He was good when I was on him, but the minute it ended everything seemed to suck. Nothing compared to him. No one could touch me like he could. Pleasure rolled over me, tightening my nipples. He sank his fangs into my shoulder and a strangled cry escaped my lips. I lifted my arms, tangling my fingers in his thick hair. His hands remained firmly planted on my breasts. He groaned as he released. 
The doors of his room slammed open, startling me. Annalise, Alex’s sister, walked in. Her expression darkened as she took in the scene in front of her. “Where is my brother?” She demanded as she glared at me.
“Have you forgotten that these are my private chambers? No one is allowed in here unless I invite them,” Christian growled. His tone was low and threatening. It wasn’t even directed at me and I shivered. 
She scowled as she crossed her arms. “I’m sorry I interrupted your feeding fest, but that bitch has my brother!”
He shifted slightly, pulling free of me. A small gasp escaped my throat at the sudden emptiness I felt. 
Annalise’s hands balled into fists at her sides and her face contorted with rage when she realized he was more than just feeding from me. “Her? Out of all of us, you choose the whore of the coven to please you? After years of abstaining, she is the best you can do?”
Christian climbed off the bed, keeping his eyes on her. “Annalise, you are on dangerous ground. Leave now!” Christian’s voice boomed, startling both of us. 
Tears rolled down her cheeks as she watched him. Suddenly, she turned and stormed out. It was probably the smartest decision she had made in a while. 
Christian looked down at me. His dark eyes were hard to read. “You may go. Remember our agreement. Heed my calls, or it will not end well for you or your lovers.” He was gone before I could protest.
I climbed off the bed, and hurried to the bathroom. I quickly dressed. I was coming off my high, and like always it sucked. Once I was dressed, I transported.
I was relieved to see my apartment under the bar was vacant. I needed to be alone after spending the night with Christian. I was in a foul mood, and there wasn’t much that was going to change it.
I walked to the bathroom. A hot shower always helped clear my head.
Why would he force me to bend to his will? Why would he become my lover again after all this time? None of it made sense. Nothing Christian did made sense. 
 Once I had enough, I stepped out. I dried off. I slipped a silk robe on and sat down at my vanity. I brushed my hair, silently contemplating everything Christian did and said. I didn’t understand it, but I felt even more trapped now, than before he broke our bond. Of course now there were others I had to consider. I hated to say I cared about them. I liked to think I cared about nothing, but the thought of Christian taking them from me hurt. It hurt so much more then I liked to admit. 
Someone coming down the stairs caught my attention. Kayden scowled slightly when he saw me. “Finally, where did you go? Those vampires down there are having a fit.”
I looked at my reflection deciding not to elaborate. “I will deal with them in time. Has the bar closed?”
He nodded. “It’s almost four in the morning.”
I didn’t realize I’d been gone so long. I slowly stood. I turned and looked at him. “Are you coming to bed with me?” I honestly didn’t want to be alone. It was an alien feeling, and I didn’t like it. I was too tired to fight it. I just wanted him to agree. I knew Will wouldn’t be back until later in the day.
His expression darkened slightly as he considered it. “Are you really asking, or are you ordering?”
I sighed shaking my head. “I told you, you have free will Kayden. I would like it if you would sleep next to me, at least until Will comes back. I’m not ordering you.”
He seemed to relax. He shrugged his shirt off, and kicked his boots off. “I will stay for a while.” He slid his pants off and climbed into the bed. 
I slipped my robe off and climbed in next to him. He didn’t make a move to touch me, and I didn’t force it. I was just glad to have him near me. Feeling the warmth of his body was enough to comfort me … at least for now. 

Chapter 9

“I see why he doesn’t want you anymore, Elise. You’re a useless, lovesick puppy.” Alex’s words hurt me more than the blow I just sustained.
I slowly climbed to my feet, attempting to wipe the blood from my nose. Tears were rolling down my cheeks. “You said you were my friend. You said you loved me.” My voice was barely a whisper.
He scoffed. “I just wanted to fuck you. I realize now I didn’t have to work so damn hard. You’re as easy as they come.”
I shook my head, more tears rolling down my cheeks. “Please don’t do this to me, Alex. Don’t push me away.”
“I don’t want you anymore, Elise. No one wants you.” His expression was cold and cruel. He didn’t care for me at all. He never did, and that shattered me.
I woke up in a worse mood then I went to bed with. The memory of that night with Alex wasn’t a pleasant one. I was beginning to think holding him captive was making me think of him more than I wanted. I was lying between Kayden and Will. I knew it was early because Kayden was normally awake by the time the bar opened. I climbed out of bed, trying to avoid waking either of them. I slipped a dress on, and a pair of heels.
I walked upstairs to the bar and grabbed a bottle of vodka and a shot glass. I sat down in my booth. The quiet bar was a little eerie. I was used to the place being full of activity by the time I was awake and upstairs. I poured myself a shot, and downed it. I poured three more shots, downing each one after I poured them. 
I thought the alcohol would help me relax, but it seemed to be making me even more pissed off than before. I cussed in annoyance as I stood. I grabbed the bottle of vodka and headed for the cellar. A conversation with Alex was long overdue. 
I could feel his eyes on me before I even made it all the way down the stairs. He was sitting silently, chained to the wall. His minions were silent as well. I placed a chair in front of them, and then I straddled the chair. I smiled, and then took a sip from the bottle I was holding. I decided to take a jab at Alexander. “You look comfortable.”
He was unusually quiet. I expected him to start in on me with the names and insults. Instead he was watching me with a deadly look. I could imagine he was envisioning all the ways he could make me pay. A slow smile spread across his face. “I heard you’re Christian’s new whore. You’re really moving up in the world, Elise. He finally wants his useless, lovesick puppy.”
I fought to keep my anger in check. He knew how to piss me off. He knew I hated the power Christian had over me. He also knew our past together was a sore subject. I forced a smile, even though I was furious. “Did you also hear you’re his gift to me? That makes you my bitch, Alex. I bet that stings a little.”
Fury filled Alex’s eyes. He yanked against his chains making his minions jump. He was trying to seem threatening, but I wasn’t afraid of him.
I giggled. “I can’t believe I never realized how weak you really were all those years.” I sighed. “I guess that’s why you picked on all the young vamps. You couldn’t make it with the older ones.”
“I will rip your fucking heart out, Elise! I promise you! I will make sure you die for good this time!” He was yelling furiously, pulling against his chains. 
I laughed, barely able to control myself. He really thought I was afraid of him. I calmed down after a minute or two, and then I sighed. “Oh Alex. I wish I could take you seriously, but I just can’t. The only thing you’re going to do is rot in this cellar until I’m good and ready to let you go … if I let you go that is. You see, Christian doesn’t give a fuck about you. No one is coming to save you. You’re mine; so I suggest you be a little nicer. I may be inclined to let you feed every now and then.” I got to my feet, and then turned and walked out. I was surprised he didn’t protest. I felt a little better after taunting Alex, but I was still on edge.
Jenna was upstairs opening the bar. She smiled at me. I wasn’t feeling friendly. I gave her a brief smile, and then hurried downstairs. I needed a distraction, and there were two very good looking men in my bed that could help me with that. I kicked my shoes off, and then slipped my dress off.
Will and Kayden were still asleep. My mouth watered at the sight of their bare chests. Will was lean. He had the body of an athlete. His skin was perfect, no imperfections in sight. His muscles were defined, but not as much as Kayden’s were. Kayden’s skin was perfectly tanned, and tattooed. His muscles were bulging compared to Will’s muscles. They were both delectable in their own way. 
I climbed onto the bed. I slowly crawled over Will. I knew he would be more eager to please me. Kayden was so damn stubborn. Half the time his stubbornness made him sexier, the other half it made me wonder why the fuck I wasted my time on him.
My lips brushed Will’s chest. His breath hitched when he felt me. My eyes dilated, and my mouth watered as his scent overwhelmed me. His erection formed under me, almost immediately. I growled low in my throat as I fought to control my urge to feed. I always thought if I was with a man more than once, then the rush would go away. For that reason, I never kept the same lover … until Will. It wasn’t like that with Will. I always wanted him. I wanted him over and over again in every possible way I could think of. I couldn’t imagine a time ever coming when I wouldn’t want his body or his blood. 
I moved over him. My eyes met his. He smiled. Everything he felt reflected in his pretty blue eyes. I had to admit what I saw scared me. He loved me. I didn’t want him to love me. I couldn’t think about that right now. I pressed my lips to his. His fingers tangled in my hair, as he buried his tongue in my mouth. I moaned as pleasure coursed through me. My nipples tightened in response to him. My pussy dampened and ached for him. He barely touched me and I felt like I was going to lose control.
Warm lips pressed to the small of my back. The stubble on Kayden’s jaw scraped my delicate skin, making me shiver in excitement. Kayden’s rough fingers brushed my clit. He cupped my pussy, plunging two of his fingers deep inside me. I mewled against Will’s lips as Kayden’s fingers teased me. I pulled away from Will’s lips, and buried my face in Will’s chest. Kayden was going to make me come quickly, and he knew it. He teased me, touching me just right. I sighed as my pussy clamped around his fingers. Pleasure flooded me, easing the tension in my body. I moaned as he coaxed the pleasure from my body.
“Damn that was hot,” Will murmured as he held me. 
My body was still pulsing with pleasure. I smiled down at Will. I pushed back against Kayden. I knew what he wanted. I could feel his cock. He was hard and ready to bury himself inside me. He followed my lead, moving toward the end of the bed, as I slid down Will’s body. I looked at Will as I wrapped my hand around his thick, hard length. Will’s breathing hitched as I began to stroke him. I covered him with my mouth. Will moaned. I used my tongue and lips to stroke his throbbing shaft. 
“Fuck,” Kayden murmured. His large hands braced my hips. His hard cock pressed against my wet core. He eased inside me, slowly. He was taking his time, ensuring he tortured us both. 
I fought to focus on Will. I loved sucking his cock. His fingers dug into the bed as he enjoyed my lips and tongue. It was difficult for me to focus. Kayden’s thrusts became needy as he was losing control. He was getting excited. He was moving past the torturous play, and onto the rough fucking that he did so well. Will’s body went rigid with tension. He was on the verge of losing it.
 I looked up at him. His eyes were clenched shut. His jaw was tense. He swore as his body gave in. His hot salty release spilled from his cock, filling my mouth. I groaned as I tasted him.
Pleasure rolled over me as Kayden pushed my body over the edge. I cried out, riding the pleasure. My nipples tightened with pleasure. 
Kayden’s loud moans filled the room. He thrust erratically. The heat of his release filled me, satisfying us both. He collapsed on the bed, next to Will. 
Will grasped my arm, pulling me up his body. He rolled, pinning me to the bed. His mouth found mine. I tangled my fingers in his hair. He buried his hard cock inside me. I groaned, closing my eyes. 
“Share,” Kayden growled. 
I opened my eyes and smiled at Will. He was scowling at Kayden. “You just had her.”
“I recall you came just like I did,” Kayden countered. 
I rolled, pinning Will to the bed. His cock was buried deep inside me, right where he belonged. “I want you both, no fighting,” I cooed.
Kayden straddled Will, moving up behind me. His lips brushed my neck. I leaned back slightly, wrapping my arm around Kayden’s head. Kayden’s hands cupped my breasts. I bit my lip as Kayden pushed his cock inside me, joining Will. I usually wasn’t one for multiple partners at once, but I wanted them both. Both of them inside me was slightly overwhelming. Every time situations got intense, I had to fight to maintain control of my bloodlust. The excitement of the moment could lead to me losing control. I suddenly realized bonding to them both was a very good idea. It would be impossible for me to kill them unless I wanted them dead. I could still hurt them, and I wanted to avoid that. 
Will’s fingers dug into my hips as he matched Kayden’s rhythm. Kayden’s ragged pants and hot breath on my ear sent shivers of excitement through me. The intensity of them both was almost overwhelming. They moved together, matching one another. Pleasure rolled over me. It was so intense, my control wavered. I needed blood. I lunged forward, burying my face in Will’s neck. He didn’t flinch, or pull away. I bit down, and he cried out as he released. I drank greedily, savoring the taste of Will.  Kayden lost control seconds after Will did. I wanted to taste Kayden too. I released Will. I twisted slightly, catching Kayden off guard. I pinned him to the bed. I bit him, groaning as his hot blood filled my mouth. 
“Fucking bitch!” Kayden growled through gritted teeth as he fought the pain of my bite. He held my arms firmly, but he didn’t pull me away. 
I fed until I was sated, and then I rolled off Kayden. I felt so good … like I was floating. I closed my eyes. I felt their hands and mouths on me as they snuggled against me. Maybe this was what I was missing by not bonding with humans all these years. 

I wished I didn’t have to emerge from my lust filled fog. Kayden had left the bed almost an hour ago. I was sure he was tending to the bar. He was always involved in some way. Will was snoring lightly next to me. I wanted to turn my mind off and just lounge in bed all evening, but I was restless. 
I finally quit fighting and climbed out of bed. I walked to the shower and started the water. I stepped into the hot water and sighed. I was trying my hardest not to think about Christian, and the fucked up situation I was currently in with him. I kind of wished I could say fuck everything and walk away, but I knew I wouldn’t do that to the others. They were all in danger because of me. If I had left them alone, then they wouldn’t have to worry about Christian. This whole thing was my doing. The thought made my mood darken even more.
The shower door slid open. Will stepped in behind me. He pressed his lips to my shoulder. His hands rested on my hips. 
I closed my eyes and leaned into him. “I thought you would sleep for a while longer.”
He sighed. “I need to go check on Noah one more time. I was wondering if you wanted to come with me.”
I really didn’t want to deal with the werewolves tonight. Jayden was an annoyance I hadn’t addressed yet. If he would quit being so damn stubborn I would have more strength. Of course, he had to be a pain in the ass. “I guess I could go.” I made sure he knew I wasn’t excited at the prospect.
He laughed, as he nuzzled my neck. “I can go on my own.”
I shook my head, and then turned in his arms. “It’s fine. I need to get out for a couple hours anyway.”
He nodded. “Let’s get washed then.” He started washing his hair. I stood admiring him, until it was my turn. 
Will stepped out of the shower as soon as he was done. I followed at a slower pace. When I walked out into the room, Will was almost completely dressed. I sat down at the vanity and applied a little bit of makeup, and then I began to brush my hair.
Will was watching me from where he was sitting on the bed. “Are you going to tell me what’s bothering you, Elise?”
I looked up, meeting his gaze through the mirror. “It’s nothing I can’t handle.”
He laughed lightly. “I’m not doubting your abilities, Elise. I’m simply offering to listen if you need to talk.”
I smiled, and then turned my attention back to brushing my hair. “I’m fine, I promise. It’s vampire stuff. I wouldn’t want to bore you with it.” I set the brush aside and stood. I smiled as I turned toward him. “What should I wear tonight?” I was intentionally changing the subject. I was uncomfortable with his suggestion. There was something a little too intimate about talking to him about my problems with Christian. 
He smiled slightly. He knew I was brushing him off, and he wasn’t going to argue. He stood, and then walked to the closet. He selected a dress that matched my eyes. He offered it to me.
I smiled as I accepted. “This will be perfect.” I started dressing; while he found me a pair of shoes. I pulled the dress on. I stood in front of the mirror, looking myself over. He moved up behind me. He wrapped his arms around me, and pressed his lips to my neck. I closed my eyes, melting into his embrace. 
“Come on, I will help you put your shoes on.” He took my hand and led me over to the bed.
 I sat down on the edge of the bed. He knelt in front of me. He had selected my favorite pair of knee high boots. I watched him as he put each of my boots on.
Once he was done, he smiled up at me. “All done. Ready?” 
I smiled, and then nodded. “I’m ready.” 
Will stood, and then offered me his hand. I slipped my hand in his. He pulled me to my feet and led me toward the stairs.
The bar was alive with activity. Kayden looked up briefly when we entered the main room, and then he looked away. I fought the urge to roll my eyes. I was sure he was in one of his moods again. I decided I wasn’t going to focus on his bad mood. I would worry about him later. 
The cool evening air made me feel a little better. I wasn’t a fan of the woods, but I had to admit I liked the smell of the woods compared to the smell of the city. Will and I were both silent as we made the walk to Noah’s cabin. 
There weren’t people surrounding the place like usual. There were lights on inside, indicating someone was home. Will released my hand and started up the stairs. He knocked on the door. I stood on the steps behind him. If it was me, I would’ve just walked in. Will was human, so he was courteous. 
Jayden opened the door. His eyes briefly rested on Will, and then they shifted to me. “Noah is inside,” Jayden said as he stepped out of the cabin, past Will. 
It was obvious Jayden wanted to talk to me. Will nodded, and then glanced at me before stepping inside the cabin and shutting the door behind him. 
Jayden held my gaze for a moment. “What exactly have you gotten my pack involved in?” I could hear the angry undertone in his words. This was obviously not going to be a friendly discussion.
“I’m not sure what you’re talking about,” I said sounding bored. I wasn’t going to give anything away. I wasn’t about to give him information. He was going to have to volunteer information first. 
He growled as he took a threatening step toward me. “Somehow, I don’t think you’re as dumb as you would like me to believe.”
I smiled as I looked up at him. “Honestly, I’m going to need more information than what you’ve given me. I couldn’t possibly know what you’re talking about.” I kept my tone light and sweet. I knew it would irritate him, and I was in the mood to irritate him. 
He moved quickly, pinning me to the railing on the stairs. The weight of his body against me should have been intimidating, but it wasn’t. If anything, it was a turn on. 
He glared down at me. He was taller and he outweighed me by quite a bit, but that didn’t mean a damn thing and he knew it. He was still going to try to use his size to his advantage. 
I peeked up at him, attempting to keep my temper in check. I normally wouldn’t take a threat so lightly, but it was Jayden. I didn’t think he would attack me unprovoked. He was just throwing his weight around. “I only let men who plan to please me this close.” I kept my tone light. I ran my fingers over the bulging muscles.
He stiffened, and then growled as he caught my wrist. “The last thing on my mind is pleasing you. My pack is on Christian’s radar now. I can only imagine there is one reason for that.”
I sighed. I figured the conversation was going to turn to Christian. “He’s not interested in your pack, just you. I’m currently working on a solution to that.”
He looked slightly confused. “Why me? What did you tell him about me?” he demanded.
I rolled my eyes. “It has nothing to do with you. He is trying to keep me under control by threatening the people I associate with.”
His expression darkened. “You mean the men you fuck?”
I scowled, and then pushed him back; so he wasn’t so close to me. “You voluntarily fucked me; so don’t act like it was such a chore. You’re lucky I care enough to bend to Christian’s will.” I was furious now. He had no idea what it took for me to be under Christian’s thumb.
He moved forward again, pinning me. “How about I put you out of your misery? I’ll be solving both out problems.”
I glared up at him. “If you think you can, then do it. I would just suggest you make sure Christian never finds out it was you because he won’t kill you; he’ll kill everything you love and let you watch. In fact, I’m pretty sure he would ensure you stayed alive just to watch him take everything from you. So, if you think you have the balls, then do it. I won’t even fight you.”
He held my gaze. His jaw was tense. He was furious. Maybe he was even considering it. He moved suddenly, catching me off guard. He yanked my head to one side. The sound of my neck breaking was the last thing I heard before darkness took over. 

Chapter 10

I opened my eyes and blinked a couple times. I was looking at the ceiling. I was back in my apartment under the bar. The memory of Jayden breaking my neck irritated me. I didn’t expect him to get physical. He caught me completely off guard. I sighed and threw my arm over my eyes. 
“You’re awake.” Will’s worried voice caught my attention. I moved my arm to the side and looked up at him. He was leaning over me. His fingers brushed my cheek. He was so worried. 
“I’m fine. A little broken neck is nothing but an annoyance.” I wasn’t in a very good mood. 
Will’s brows furrowed. His worried look deepened. “Jayden was just being a dick. I didn’t know what to do; so I just brought you home.”
I sighed as I sat up. I was wearing nothing but a pair of lace panties. “You’re right. He’s a dick.” I swung my feet over the edge of the bed, preparing to stand. 
“Wait, should you be up yet? Let me feed you.” Will wasn’t ready to let me out of his sight. He was being needy.
I knew he was trying to take care of me, but I wasn’t in the mood for it. I felt like I was suffocating. I looked directly at him. “Go, find something to do other than bother me,” I ordered.
He looked a little hurt, but he nodded and stood. He turned and hurried up the stairs. 
I had to admit, I felt a little bad, but I needed space. After a few minutes, the door opened and closed again, indicating someone was coming to bother me.
“Will looks like you kicked his puppy. I warned him you would be pissed off when you woke up.” Kayden sounded like he was getting way too much joy out of Will’s pain.
I scowled at him as he approached. “You think I wanted to be bothered if I kicked him out?”
Kayden laughed, as he peeled his shirt off. “No, I knew you would be pissed off and ready to fight. I’m in the mood for a good rough fuck.”
I watched him for a minute, trying to decide whether to have him or kick him out. I was on the fence. I didn’t want to be bothered, but then again his offer was a little hard for me to resist. I needed a distraction. He was offering one that didn’t include feelings and fawning over me like Will tended to do. 
He continued to undress, like he didn’t care what I wanted either way. It was all about what he wanted. He stood in front of me completely nude. It was hard to resist him when he looked as delicious as he did. He smirked as he walked over to me. He tangled his fingers in my hair. He pulled me to my feet by my hair. I didn’t have time to get pissed off by his move. His mouth was on mine, stifling any protests I had. I wrapped my arms around his body, running my hands over his hot skin. 
He pushed me down onto the bed. I wrapped my legs around him as his tongue tangled with mine. I bit his lip, drawing blood. He pulled away, cussing. He backhanded me, startling me a little. He took advantage of my surprise. He flipped me on my belly and pinned me. 
“You aren’t supposed to hit a lady, Kayden,” I growled. I was attempting to use a disapproving tone, but I was failing. The weight of his body pressing to my back turned me on more.
He scoffed. His lips brushed my ear, making my eyes dilate. “You aren’t a lady.” He grabbed a handful of my panties and ripped them off. 
He wrapped his hand around my wrists, and then shifted slightly. In one quick move, he buried his cock inside me. I closed my eyes. The feel of him inside me was enough to ease some of the anger I felt when I first woke up. Pleasure spread through me as he continued to move. I was so close to release. My pussy clamped around his cock, preparing for the intense pleasure I was about to feel. 
Kayden suddenly stopped moving. My eyes flew open. “Why are you stopping?” I demanded.
He laughed softly. His lips brushed my ear again. “I want something from you, Elise.”
I sighed in defeat. “Get in line,” I muttered.
He scoffed. “I should be at the front of the line. I gave you a home. You owe me, and I want to collect,” he growled. 
He suddenly piqued my interest. “What is it you think I owe you?” I asked slightly amused. Kayden had been nothing but a pain from the day I met him. He was arrogant enough to think I owed him something. 
“I want you to turn me.” His tone was low and less cocky than it had been a few minutes earlier.
I was honestly startled. His intense anger toward vampires made me think he would rather see us all die, then turn into one himself.
“Do you have any idea what you’re asking?” I was careful not to sound like I thought he was an idiot, but he was. There was nothing glamorous bout being a vampire. It was a relatively lonely, pointless existence. Sure, we had lovers and people we considered friends, but after living so long the little things that brought joy no longer mattered. 
He hesitated. “I know what I want, Elise. I want this. I want to be a vampire. I’m tired of being on the outside and looking in. It’s been this way for years.” 
I sighed. “I’ve never turned a human, Kayden. There is a vampire, his name is Michael, I could talk to him …”
He cut me off. “No. I want you to do it.”
I rolled my eyes. “Kayden, I’m not the vampire you want to be your maker. I’m weak compared to the others. Not to mention, I’m currently on Christian’s shit list; so I probably won’t live a whole lot longer; which means any vampire I make will die with me.”
“Then I die with you. I’ve been around vampires for a long time, Elise. I know what I want; so please stop questioning me, and give me what I want.” He sounded more like he was pleading with me.
I smiled as I pushed back against him, pushing his cock deeper inside me. Pleasure rolled over me. “You may be able to convince me to give you what you want … if you try hard enough,” I teased. 
He growled low in his throat as he started to move again. He had a mission now, one that would benefit both of us. He thrust aggressively, burying himself as deep inside me as he could. I cried out, digging my fingers into the mattress. My body released, sending pleasure coursing through me. 
Kayden groaned as he released. He collapsed over me, panting. “Have I convinced you?” His words sent tendrils of pleasure through me. 
I rolled, pinning him to the bed. Laying kisses over his perfect chest. I look up at him. He was watching me intently. He was excited, and maybe a little scared. “Are you sure about this, Kayden. You already can’t stand me. If I do this, you will be even more bound to me than you already are.”
He nodded. “I’m sure. I want this.” He gasped when I bit his chest, just above his left nipple.
 I groaned as I tasted his blood. I wasn’t sure how changing Kayden would change things between us, but I knew they would change. He would change. I released him and looked back up at him. I was hesitating. I was afraid, afraid of what the change would do to him. I knew what it did to me, but he wasn’t me. He was making the choice.
He held my gaze for a few moments. “I want this, Elise.” His tone was firm, making me feel a little better.
I bit my wrist and offered it to him. “You know I have to kill you, right?”
He nodded as he took my wrist. He pressed it to his lips and slowly drank. He released my wrist after a couple minutes. “Please, just make it quick.”
I smiled, and then leaned forward. I pressed my lips to his. “You’re no fun,” I murmured against his lips. Before he could respond, I yanked his head to one side. The crack of his neck breaking made me a little sick. I closed my eyes and pressed my cheek to his chest. I didn’t know how I felt about doing this to him. He couldn’t possibly know what he really wanted, but it was too late now. 
I sat looking down at him. I wasn’t sure how much time had passed, but the sound of someone coming down the stairs pulled me from my thoughts. 
Will hesitated when he saw me sitting on Kayden. “Jenna is looking for him …”
I climbed off Kayden. “Tell her he is unavailable. If it’s something important, she can come to me.” I slid a robe on as I spoke.
Will shifted nervously as he looked from Kayden to me. “Is he okay?”
I nodded. “He asked me to change him. He will be in transition for a while. You need to stay upstairs in the office, or go home. I’m going to keep him downstairs away from humans.”
“You changed him?” He sounded a little shocked and confused, maybe even a little scared. 
I looked at him a little annoyed by his reaction. “He asked me to.”
“You aren’t going to change me are you?” He was actually afraid, and I didn’t know why, but it irritated me more. 
I scowled as I turned toward him. “Would it be so bad?” I demanded.
His eyes widened in surprise at my sudden anger. “No … I mean … I don’t know.” He stumbled backwards like I was some kind of monster approaching him. 
I was careful to keep my anger in check. “Go home, Will. I will call you if you are needed.”
He looked slightly hurt, but he didn’t question me. He nodded and hurried up the stairs. After a couple seconds, I felt a little bad for the way I treated him. It was better that he wasn’t around anyway. I had to deal with Kayden, and I didn’t need Will getting hurt, or in the way in the process. 

I showered and dressed before walking upstairs. I also chained Kayden to the bed. I didn’t want to risk him waking up without me knowing. I was new to the whole turning someone into a vampire thing. I didn’t want to screw it up. 
Jenna smiled when she saw me. She poured me a drink as I sat down at the bar. 
“I was worried about Kayden. Will said he’s fine …” she trailed off, as she kept her eyes on me.
I accepted the drink she offered. “He’s fine. Just tend the bar. He’ll be back around in a couple days.” She didn’t look like she wanted to do as I said. I looked directly at her. “You will do as I say.”
A small amount of fear filled her eyes. She finally nodded, and then hurried off to tend to another customer.
Someone coming into the bar attracted everyone’s attention. I looked over at whoever it was. Michael stood just inside the door. He was looking around the bar. 
His eyes met mine, and he looked relieved. He made his way over to me. He sat down in the seat next to me. “I thought you were dead.”
I scoffed, and then took another sip of my drink. “I wish I was dead.”
He scowled. “Your life isn’t that bad.”
I rolled my eyes. “Yeah, well it’s not that good either.”
He was silent for a minute, and then he cleared his throat. “I was hoping to talk to you about Alexander.”
I downed the rest of my drink. “The answer is no.”
He laughed. “I didn’t ask a question yet.”
I looked over at him. “You don’t have to. Alex is going to stay where he is and rot. There’s nothing you can do to convince me to let him go.”
Michael sighed as he waved Jenna over. “Scotch on the rocks, please.” 
She blushed and nodded as he gave her his panty-dropping smile.
I fought the urge to roll my eyes. “You’re such a slut.”
He grinned. “You are one to talk.” He leaned into me. He placed his hand on my lower back. His lips brushed my ear. “I will make it worth your while if you consider my proposal.”
I thought about it for a minute. “I just have to consider it?” I asked playfully.
He pressed his lips to my neck. “I would love it if you would be agreeable, but yes … You just have to consider it.”
I closed my eyes and sighed. His lips continued to trail kisses over my neck. He was making it hard for me to focus on rejecting him. I didn’t intend to let Alex go anytime soon. I turned slightly, pressing my lips to his. His lips tasted sweet. I really wanted to indulge and take him to bed, but I didn’t want to consider releasing Alex. I pulled away from him. “I would love to play with you, Michael, but not on the grounds that I will let Alex leave.”
Michael scowled. “Do you really intend to keep him prisoner? Christian is not going to demand you release him; so I am here on Annalise’s behalf.”
I got to my feet. “I really do intend to keep him hostage, and there’s nothing you can do to convince me otherwise. You’re wasting your time.” I turned and started walking toward my booth in the back of the bar. It was getting too busy for my taste. I slid into my seat. I rolled my eyes when Michael sat down across from me.
“You cannot afford to make enemies, Elise. Please, if you ever listen, listen to me now.” He was in his usual reasoning mode. He was trying to convince me, and there wasn’t much I would be able to do to sway him. 
“Tell me what you want, Michael.” I decided it was time to quit playing games. 
“Release him. He wouldn’t dare touch you. Christian has made you untouchable. Alexander is vain. Getting revenge wouldn’t be worth his own life,” he said firmly. 
I laughed. “I’m not afraid of Alex. I want him to suffer. He’s doing just that sitting in my basement.” 
Michael sighed and looked away. “I didn’t want to do this, Elise.” He looked over toward the doors. 
Two vampires walked in dragging Jayden. Jayden was roughed up and bloody, but he was breathing. 
I shifted my gaze back to Michael. “You really want to become my enemy too?”
He shook his head. “I knew you wouldn’t agree; so I had to come up with some form of leverage.”
I smiled slightly. “That werewolf and I aren’t on good terms. In fact, he just recently broke my neck.”
Michael looked a little startled. “He’s your lover.”
I scoffed. “Lover’s come and go. You can keep him. Is there anything else I can help you with?” I looked directly at him, waiting for his reply.
His expression darkened as he stood. “You really are starting to take lessons from your maker,” he growled. He walked toward his two minions. “Leave him. That cold hearted bitch won’t be swayed.”
His minions dropped Jayden in the middle of the floor. They turned and followed Michael out. Everyone in the bar was watching me curiously. I waved Jenna over. 
“Yes?” she asked nervously.
“Find someone to put him on the couch in the office,” I ordered. 
She nodded and hurried back over to the bar. She got two male patrons to help carry Jayden into the office. I was pretty sure he was going to be pissed when he woke up. I was also pretty sure all his anger would be directed at me. My night was getting better and better. 

Chapter 11

I was sitting in a chair across from the couch Jayden was lying on. It had been almost three hours and he hadn’t woken up yet. His wounds were already pretty much healed; so I knew it would be anytime now. I took a sip of my drink, and then glanced at the clock. The bar would be closing soon. I was getting bored waiting. I didn’t want Jayden waking up and scaring the hell out of everyone because he was disoriented and pissed off. I finally nudged him with my foot. He didn’t move; so I nudged him again; this time a little harder. 
He finally groaned. His eyes opened. He blinked a couple times. 
I smiled. “Rise and shine asshole.” 
He looked over at me, and then he scowled. “What the fuck am I doing here?” He sat up, rubbing the back of his head. 
I laughed. “Someone thought I would bargain if they took you hostage.”
He glared at me. “So again, I’m in shit because of you.”
I rolled my eyes. “I got you out of it, didn’t I? You could have woken up in some basement being taken advantage of by some big guy named Bruce. You really should be thanking me.” I winked at him playfully.
He scoffed. “Whatever. What did you trade for me?”
I shrugged. “Stuff. Nothing you should be concerned with. Any who, we need to discuss the whole breaking my neck thing. I really didn’t appreciate that.”
He looked at me, and then his eyes narrowed. “You think I care?”
“You should. I thought you wanted to be allies. I thought we were supposed to be doing this whole trust thing. I can’t be trusting people who break my neck when their ego gets a little bruised.” To be honest, I was just trying to annoy him. I was in the mood for a good argument. 
He stood. I had to admit, he was an impressive man. My body responded to the sight of him. I bit my lip as I slowly looked him over. Even dirty and bloody, he was still fine. 
“Don’t even think about it,” he growled.
I smiled as I met his fierce blue gaze. “Don’t act like you don’t want it.”
He smiled. “Oh I want it. I want it bad, but I’m not a fucking idiot. I know the second you get a chance you’ll take what you want.”
I smiled sweetly. “Can we pretend you’re an idiot? Just for tonight?”
He rolled his eyes and shook his head. “Goodnight, Elise.” He walked out the door, disappointing me a little. 
I sighed and slumped back in my chair. I was hoping the night would get better, but Jayden had to go ruin everything. I downed the rest of my drink and stood. I hesitated. Christian was calling. I cussed as I closed my eyes. I hoped it would be a while before he called me again.
I transported before I could find a reason to ignore his call. I bypassed everyone and transported directly to Christian’s private floor. I walked to his bedroom and stepped inside. 
He was lying across his bed, waiting for me. He was completely nude. He smiled. “I have to say, I love this new found dedication, Elise.”
“It’s amazing how the threat of death and murder works in your favor,” I said dryly.
He laughed. “That it does. Come,” he ordered. 
I kicked my heels off, and then slipped my dress off as I walked over to him. There was absolutely no point in arguing with him. I crawled onto the bed. 
He reached out and tangled his fingers in my hair. He shifted to his knees. His mouth crashed down on mine. His kiss was biting and painful. His fangs cut my lips. I returned the favor. I could taste my own blood mixed with his, as he continued to kiss me. He slowed the kiss, nipping at my lips. “I love how you taste, lover.” 
I loved how he tasted too, but I would never admit it out loud. The last thing I needed was to feed his ego. I pressed my lips to his chest, hoping to detour any conversation he might come up with. 
I trailed kisses down his chest and abdomen. I wrapped my hand around his hard shaft. I peeked up at him, hoping to gauge his response to me. I loved pleasuring men with my mouth, and that was exactly what I was in the mood to do. It wasn’t something Christian ever asked of me, and I never attempted. I wasn’t exactly sure if it was against any of his unspoken rules. His eyes were closed. He was completely relaxed. He was allowing me free reign. I covered his throbbing shaft with my mouth. I was careful to keep my eyes on him. His lips parted slightly, and then a slow smile spread across his lips. He liked what I was doing. I relaxed into the act. It was so easy for me to forget who I was pleasuring. Instead, I enjoyed focusing on the feeling alone. I attempted to go slow, running my tongue over every inch of him. I had one hand firmly wrapped around the base of his cock. I took the liberty of trailing my other hand over his firm ass. His fingers tangled in my hair as his body tightened. He was close to losing control. I wasn’t sure if he was warning me to back off, or encouraging me to bring him closer. I didn’t care what he wanted. I wanted him to let go. His low moans filled the room as he released. The salty sweetness of him made me moan. I coaxed every last drop from his cock. I sat back on my heels and looked at him. I was waiting for him to do or say something. His eyes were still closed.
“Elise! Help me!” The sound of Will’s voice startled me. I looked around frantically as soon as I heard him. He sounded like he was in the room with me, but he wasn’t. I focused and I felt slightly sick. He was scared maybe hurt. I heard the laughter of a woman … I could smell her perfume. Flashes of the bar filled my mind. Jenna was on the floor, hurt or dead. I realized I was seeing through Will’s eyes. His arms were bound to a chair. Suddenly, everything was gone and Christian’s room came back into focus.
“Elise?” Christian’s dark voice brought me out of my trance.
I looked at him. I knew I would probably pay for leaving, but Will was in trouble. “I have to go.” I scrambled off the bed. I yanked my dress over my head, and then transported. I didn’t care to look back and find out how furious Christian was. 
I transported directly into the bar. Will was tied to a chair. His eyes met mine and a mixture of relief and fear crossed his face. A woman was straddling his lap. She was moaning as she rode his cock. “Come for me, baby,” she cooed.
I immediately recognized her voice. It was Annalise. Rage filled me. I didn’t bother walking. I transported next to Will. Annalise’s eyes widened as I ripped her away from him. I caught her completely off guard. I threw her across the room like a ragdoll. She hit the bar, and then collapsed to the floor.
She scrambled to her feet as I advanced on her. “It doesn’t feel so good when someone has someone you care for does it?” she spat. “You should have let him go when I asked.” 
I laughed coldly. I couldn’t think about what she did to Will right now. All I could think about was making sure she paid. “The difference between me and you is, I will kill you.” 
I was on her before she could respond. I punched her repeatedly, not caring where my punches landed. I was furious. She couldn’t recover long enough to deflect me or fight back. I intended to rip her heart out and shove it down her throat. 
“Elise.” Christian’s cold voice made me freeze.
I was holding Annalise by the throat. Her face was bloody and swollen. I looked up. 
Christian was standing next to Will. He was wearing a pair of pants and nothing else, like he dressed quickly. His hand was resting on Will’s shoulder. He held my gaze. “You will release her, Elise.”
“No!” I yelled furiously. “She will die for this!” I was so angry I could barely see straight. 
“If she dies, he dies. Is that what you want?” His voice was calm and cool like he was discussing the weather. 
The overwhelming urge to hurt him was hard for me to resist. “Christian, don’t do this! You know what she was doing to him!” I was furious. I hated him. 
Christian’s expression darkened. “He is a human. We are vampire. Our lives are worth far more than theirs. Release her, Elise, or your lover will die simply so you can have your revenge.”
I knew he would kill Will. He would kill him simply to prove a point. I released Annalise. She fell backwards, landing on the floor with a thud. My eyes remained locked on Christian as he approached me slowly. 
“She simply wanted her brother back. You could’ve prevented all of this by releasing Alexander.” He was trying to sound reasonable, but this wasn’t reasonable. This was ridiculous and infuriating. I hated him. 
“I fucking hate you,” I growled as I continued to hold his gaze.
He smiled as he reached out to touch my cheek. I pulled away and stepped back before he could touch me. His expression darkened with anger. “You get a pass tonight, Elise. Pull away from my touch again and I will make you pay.” He knelt, and lifted Annalise off the floor. He looked at me one last time, and then disappeared. 
I turned and hurried over to Will. I quickly undid the ropes that were binding him to the chair. His face was wet with tears. He was trying to control his breathing. He had a bite mark on his neck. The fact that she bit him and touched him infuriated me more. I attempted not to show him how angry I was. 
I forced a smile as I caressed his face. “You’re okay now. I promise.” 
His eyes met mine. He was scared and upset. “I couldn’t stop her. She made me …” he trailed off.
“Hush,” I ordered. I caught his gaze. “You will forget about her and what she did. You will take a shower, and then we will go to bed; okay.”
He held my gaze for a moment, and then he nodded. I helped him to his feet. I caught his hand in mine. “Go, start the shower. I will check on Jenna.”
He nodded and hurried toward my apartment below.
 I walked over to Jenna. I touched her and she groaned. I lifted her off the floor and carried her to the office. I laid her on the couch. I bit my wrist and gave her some of my blood to help her heal. I knew she would be fine in a couple hours.
 Once I was sure she was safe, I walked back out into the main room. I hesitated when my eyes locked with Alex’s harsh gaze. I figured he would be long gone. I didn’t expect to see him back tonight. I was pretty sure he couldn’t wait to make me pay. The fact that he was standing there and not chained in my basement gave me one more reason to kill Annalise when I got a hold of her.
“You aren’t very smart are you?” I snapped as I continued into the room. I was cautious, but I wasn’t afraid. 
He laughed. “I was just going to say the same thing about you. I honestly can’t believe you are still standing here. The smartest thing you could have done was run.”
I scoffed. “I’m not afraid of you.”
His smile widened. Without warning, he lunged. He hit me hard, throwing me backwards. I expected his attack. I easily tossed him over me into the bar. I was on my feet again before he could recover completely. We lunged at one another. The anger and rage I felt toward him and his sister was fueling my fight. I was smaller than him by far, but I was stubborn. I could barely feel when he landed hits. It seemed like the fight would go on all night at the rate we were going.
“Enough!” Christian’s voice boomed, startling us apart. Christian had reappeared.
Alex looked at Christian. He was suddenly unsure. His guard went down completely in Christian’s presence. I took advantage of his hesitation. I moved to lunge at Alex, but I was caught around the waist before I could reach him. 
“I said enough, Elise,” Christian whispered in my ear. He moved so fast, I didn’t even see him move from across the room.
“It is not enough for me!” I countered. I was furious. I wanted another go at Alex. I would take care of him first, and then I would go after his sister. 
Christian held me tightly. “Alexander, leave. I better not catch you here again.”
Alex nodded. He glanced at me, and then disappeared. 
I pulled out of Christian’s grasp. I spun around and glared at him. “What the fuck are you doing here?” I demanded. I was still furious with him.
His expression remained cool and calm despite my rejection. I was sure he was expecting it by now. “I was keeping you safe.”
I scoffed. “I don’t want you to keep me safe! I want you to fuck off!” 
“I do not let others harm what is mine, Elise. Remember our agreement,” he said quietly, and then he was gone.
“Fuck our agreement!” I yelled at the spot he was standing just a few seconds earlier. 
I stood staring blankly for a few moments. Movement near the entrance caught my attention. Jayden and Noah walked into the bar. They hesitated when they saw me. They both looked around the bar. The room was a mess. Tables and chairs were strewn everywhere. I was bloody and bruised. I walked behind the bar, ignoring their presence. I grabbed a glass and the first bottle of alcohol I came to.
“Elise, are you okay?” Jayden sounded hesitant. Noah was already heading for the door that led downstairs to my room.
“Just fucking dandy,” I growled as I made my way to my booth near the back of the room. I poured myself a glass of liquor. I was attempting to sort through my feelings. I was furious.
Jayden slid into the booth across from me. I refused to even look at him. I didn’t want to discuss what happened. I didn’t want to explain why I failed to protect Will. 
Jayden cleared his throat. “Will called Noah. He said someone broke into the bar. We came as quickly as we could. We do owe you and Will after all.”
I scoffed. “You don’t owe me anything.” I downed my drink, and then refilled it again.
“Do you always have to be so stubborn?” Jayden was starting to get impatient with me, but I didn’t care.
I didn’t speak or look at him. I just stared at my drink, determined to ignore everyone. 
Jayden made an annoyed noise and stood. He disappeared through the door that led to my apartment. I was sure he was checking on Will and Noah. 
I had half a mind to disappear. I didn’t want to face all the questions. I didn’t have the answers they wanted, or the answers I wanted. I had no idea what I was going to do next. I didn’t remember ever feeling this hopeless.  
“Elise,” Jayden snapped as he stepped back into the room.
I shifted my gaze to him. “What?”
“We are taking Will with us. It would be wise if you and your friend downstairs come too.”
I laughed, shaking my head. “Take Will. I will be fine here. The almighty Christian won’t let Alex hurt me. He will however let Will get hurt. Kayden is in no position to be moved. So, take Will and keep him safe, since I obviously can’t.” I downed another glass of vodka. I had half a mind to break Christian’s rules and suffer the consequences. 
Jayden leaned down near me. His face was inches from mine, but I refused to look at him. “Dying will solve nothing, Elise.”
My eyes met his. He actually looked concerned. I didn’t know how he knew what I was thinking, but it was obvious he did. “I can’t let him get away with this,” I said through gritted teeth.
He scoffed. “Christian is by far stronger than you. The best thing you can do is avoid pissing him off.”
I rolled my eyes and looked away. “Avoidance isn’t really my strong suit, especially when I have to service him whenever he calls.”
“Jayden, we are ready,” Noah called from near the front door.
I looked over at him. Will was standing next to him. He was dressed and his hair was damp. His arms were wrapped around himself, like he was trying to keep himself warm. His face was pinched with fear and sadness. He wasn’t the same happy go lucky Will I knew; seeing him like that made the rage in me a little stronger. 
“Elise!” Jayden grabbed my hand, squeezing hard enough to get my attention.
I glared at him. “Just leave.”
He held my gaze for a minute, and then he released me. He straightened and walked over to Noah. He said something to him. Noah nodded, and then turned and walked out of the bar. Will glanced at me one last time, and then followed Noah. 
Jayden didn’t move to follow them. He walked over to the bar and selected his own bottle of alcohol and a glass. He walked back over to my table and slid in across from me. He glanced at me, and then poured himself a drink. 
“I don’t need a babysitter.” I was slightly annoyed that he thought I did.
He looked at me briefly, before looking back at his drink. “I’m not here as your babysitter. I’m here as your friend.”
“I don’t need a friend,” I countered. 
“You need something,” he muttered. He downed his drink. 
I slouched in my chair, and then poured myself another drink. I wasn’t about to have a heart to heart with him. I didn’t know why he was hanging around in the first place. 
He continued to watch me. I could feel his eyes on me. “I take it you don’t want to discuss what happened?” 
I glared at him. “No. I don’t.”
He cussed and stood. “Get up!” He grabbed my wrist and pulled me to my feet. 
I kept my eyes on him as he glared down at me. He towered above me. I wasn’t quite sure what his mission was. “What do you want?” I kept my tone low. I was trying to control my anger. 
“I want you to tell me you aren’t going to do something stupid,” he demanded. He wasn’t giving me any space to move.
I smiled. “Or what?” 
“I will make sure you don’t.” He stepped into me, bumping me gently. 
I laughed softly as I ran my fingers along his chest. “Tell me how you plan to do that pretty wolf.”
He smiled, baring his sharp canines. “I will tie you down if I have to. I promise, I will make sure you don’t get yourself killed.”
I held his gaze, but I didn’t speak. He growled low in his throat when I didn’t respond. I closed the space between us, and pressed my lips to his. I needed a distraction, and he was it. He pushed me backwards into the table. He lifted me onto the table as his mouth continued to explore mine. 
I grasped the waist of his jeans and ripped them apart, freeing his hard cock. I wrapped my legs around him, taking him inside me. I moaned against his mouth. He eclipsed me, and that made him sexier. He growled low in his throat, as he started to thrust. I braced myself against him. My lips brushed his chest. Suddenly, he grasped my hair. He yanked my head backwards, startling me. I knew he did it to prevent me from biting. I honestly had no intention to bite him.
I started to laugh, as he continued to thrust in and out of me. “Still don’t trust me?”
He lowered his mouth to my throat. His lips brushed my skin. “Not even a little bit.” His mouth covered mine. His kiss was rough and demanding. 
I clung to him, kissing him. I loved how he felt inside me. My body tightened as pleasure slowly started to unfurl deep inside me. I cried out, riding the pleasure.
His ragged moans mirrored mine. I felt him let go. He collapsed on top of me.
I laughed as he buried his face between my breasts. I ran my hand over his hair. I suddenly realized I was somewhat relaxed. All the anger and rage I felt a few minutes earlier was diminished by his touch. I wasn’t sure if that was a good thing, or bad. 
He slowly straightened. He looked at his torn pants. He scowled at me, and then ripped them the rest of the way off. “There was a button,” he grumbled as he sat back down in the booth.
I sighed as I sat up. “Yes, but then you wouldn’t have to spend the rest of the evening naked.” I climbed off the table, and settled in my seat across from him. I leaned back and closed my eyes. I was still enjoying the effects of my orgasm.
I felt his eyes on me, but I refused to look at him. He wanted reassurances I wasn’t willing to give him. I didn’t want to sit and do nothing. I knew it was the smart thing to do. I would just end up dead. With how things had been going lately, being dead sounded like a nice break. 
I heard him get to his feet. I figured he was leaving. I startled a little when he lifted me out of the booth. I narrowed my eyes at him, as he started toward the stairs.
“What are you doing?” I demanded.
He smiled slightly. “I’m putting you to bed with your friend. You’re going to stay there for the day. We’ll discuss more tonight.”
I decided not to protest as he carried me down the stairs. He laid me in the bed next to Kayden; who was still in a deep sleep, so he didn’t even stir. 
Jayden leaned over me, pressing his forehead to mine. His eyes locked with mine. “Please, stay here for now. I have to go, and I don’t want to worry about you.”
I smiled. “You worry about me?” I had to tease him. He acted like such a hard-ass sometimes.
He raised his eyebrows slightly. “Maybe. If you don’t stay alive, you’ll never know.” He gave me a brisk kiss on the lips, before turning and going back up the stairs.
I sighed as I slumped back against the pillows. He was right, I couldn’t get myself killed. I shifted my gaze to Kayden. I gave myself even more responsibility when I decided to change him. I had to be here when he woke up. I reached over and brushed my fingers through his hair. He was going to be an absolutely gorgeous vampire. I had to admit, he wasn’t bad for my first attempt. Sometimes changing humans into vampires could go horribly wrong. I didn’t know how, but I knew the end result wasn’t pretty. I got comfortable and closed my eyes. I needed rest, and then I needed a plan.

Chapter 12

A woman’s cries pulled me out of the darkness. I sat up straight, slightly disoriented. I looked around the room. Kayden was no longer next to me. The cries were coming from upstairs. 
“Fuck!” I muttered as I climbed out of the bed. I hurried up the stairs, not even bothering to dress. I hurried through the doorway and hesitated when I saw Kayden. 
He was standing near the pool table. He was completely nude. Blood ran down his chin and chest. A woman was straddling his waist. He had her pinned to the pool table. He was fucking her. Her head was thrown back; cries of pleasure fell from her lips. She was truly enjoying him. His eyes were on her neck. There were several other body’s littering the floor. I was sure they were all bar patrons that he happened upon when he woke up. It was obvious he got rid of the men, and had the women stay. To my surprise, their hearts were still beating. 
The woman cried out catching my attention again. Kayden’s face was buried in her neck. He held her tightly as he fed from her. Her body went limp after a few minutes, and he dropped her to the floor. 
“Are you done?” I asked dryly. 
He looked at me, just realizing I was present. His dark eyes glowed with excitement and lust. He was in front of me in an instant. He reached up and touched my face. “I owe you everything.” 
I was slightly startled by his display of affection. I quickly recovered and scowled. “You do realize you can’t draw this much attention to yourself or me.” I was attempting to be stern. 
He smiled and closed the space between us. He pressed his bloody lips to mine. He kissed me hungrily. I quickly got lost in the kiss, forgetting my protests about his feeding and fuck fest. He lifted me off my feet, and pinned me to the wall. He buried his cock inside me. Moans of pleasure fell from my lips. The metallic taste of blood and the feel of him inside me was overwhelming. Pleasure rolled over me. I tangled my fingers in his hair. I broke the kiss, trying to recover. “You can’t do this again. One or two at the most. Anymore and it draws too much attention.”
“I left them alive,” he pouted. He thrust forward, making me gasp. He smiled. “None of them felt like you.”
I groaned. “Kayden, stop this. You have to control yourself. You have to …” Pleasure rolled over me. My pussy clamped around him. I came hard and fast. I gasped as my body hummed with pleasure. The man certainly knew what he was doing.
He growled low in his throat. He gripped my hips, releasing as he did. 
I could tell by the look in his eyes he wanted to bite me too. “Don’t you dare!” I hissed. “I’m not one of your whores!” 
His eyes glinted with pleasure. “You could never be one of them.” He nipped at my lips. “I won’t do it again.” He set me on my feet. 
I stepped away from him. “Clean this mess up. When they wake up, send them away. One or two next time, this …” I waved my hand around the room. “This is ridiculous.”
I didn’t wait for him to respond. I turned and hurried back downstairs. 
I didn’t know what to do. This was all new to me. I didn’t know what to tell him, or how to teach him. I barely had the hang of being a vampire myself. I was an idiot for creating one that would need my guidance. 
I started the shower and stepped in, letting the hot water pour over my head. I was just relieved he had control. He didn’t kill. He went overboard, but they were all still alive. I didn’t know what I would’ve done if I walked out and all those women were dead. The thought made me sick. I didn’t even feel him wake up. It didn’t make sense. Maybe I was too weak to be a master. 
I felt his presence before he even entered the bathroom. He stepped in the shower behind me. “I didn’t mean to disappoint you, mistress.”
“Don’t,” I whispered.
“Don’t what?” He sounded confused.
I turned and looked at him. “Don’t call me that. My name is Elise. You will call me, Elise.” He still looked slightly confused. I pulled him into the water and began washing the blood from his skin. I looked up at him after a few minutes of silence. “You understand right?”
He tilted his head slightly as he watched me. “Understand what?”
I sighed. “Why you can’t do what you did. You’ll put me in danger. You’ll put yourself in danger. If Christian finds out …” 
He cut me off. “Fuck Christian,” he growled. He pinned me to the wall startling me. He smiled slightly. “You and I could rule this place. We could rule all of them.”
I shoved him away from me. “Are you insane? You’re drunk with power. You think because you can fuck and feed from a few bimbo humans that makes you powerful? You have no idea what it takes to survive in this world.” I was furious. He made it seem like it was easy. I lived in this world for fifty years; it was not a walk in the park.
He scowled. He moved forward suddenly pinning me to the wall. “You’re blind to your power. It isn’t me that’s powerful, it’s you.” He ran his tongue along my lower lip. I opened my mouth, accepting him. He buried his tongue in my mouth, kissing me hungrily. He lifted my leg, running his hand up my thigh. He moaned as he slid his cock inside me. He broke the kiss. His eyes locked with mine. “I feel your power when I’m inside you. They all do. Why do you think they are all so eager to fuck you?”
I tangled my fingers in his hair. “Christian will take everything from me. I won’t cross him,” I whispered. I pressed my lips to his, kissing him. He tasted and felt incredible. I felt drunk with pleasure. I knew he was having this effect on me. He was pushing me, making me crazy. I rode his cock, moaning as pleasure radiated through my body.
He lowered his mouth to my breast. He bit down; groaning as my blood filled his mouth. He lost himself inside me. He swayed, and then placed his hand on the wall, bracing himself.  He released me. His dark eyes drifted to mine. “I will remain by your side no matter what you choose, Elise. I know what you’re capable of, and I hate to see you wasting it.”
He stepped out of the shower, leaving me to myself. I was trying to regain my composure. I wasn’t exactly sure what happened between us. Whatever it was, I could feel the power … my power.
I turned the water off and stepped out of the shower. I dried off, and then slipped my robe on. I walked out to my room and sat down in front of my vanity. I began combing my hair, trying to decide what I should do next. I still had Will to worry about. I didn’t know what to do with Kayden. Everything seemed to have gotten complicated overnight. 
I wasn’t sure how long I was sitting there, staring at my reflection. I suddenly didn’t recognize myself. I had no identity. I was nothing without Christian’s bond. I had to make my own way, but how? Movement caught my attention.
Kayden was leaning against the doorway with his arms crossed. He was wearing jeans and a painted on tee shirt like he usually did. His eyes were locked on me. “I cleaned up, and all the women are gone.”
I looked back at my reflection. “Good. From now on you’re to bring your lovers down here. No more open displays.”
He laughed. “Are you going to join me?”
I shifted my gaze to him. “Perhaps, I’ve had female lovers. I prefer them when there is a man.”
His expression brightened. “I think I’m going to enjoy being your fledgling.” He lay across the bed, and then propped himself up on his elbows. “Where’s your boy toy?”
The memory of Will made me look away. “He’s with the wolves.”
Kayden could sense my pain. He stood and walked over to me. He wrapped his arms around my shoulders. “What happened?” His low tone echoed his concern.
I scoffed. “Annalise, Alexander’s sister, got to him. By the time I made it back, she already had her way with him. I needed him somewhere where I knew he would be safe.” I didn’t like talking about it. The thought made me angry.
He pressed his lips to my neck. “I’m sorry, Elise.”
I laughed harshly. “It isn’t your fault, it’s mine.”
His eyes met mine through the mirror. He tugged on the tie of my robe. A slight smile played on his lips. “I can make you feel better.” I didn’t speak as he parted my robe. He touched my breasts, gently tugging on my nipples. I sighed, closing my eyes as I laid back against him. His fingers brushed my clit, slowly putting pressure on, and then gently began to massage me. 
Footsteps on the stairs caught our attention. We both had our eyes on the mirror. Jenna appeared on the stairs. She hesitated. “I didn’t mean to interrupt.”
I could see the hunger ignite in Kayden’s eyes. He straightened and turned his attention to Jenna. Any human female would be sufficient for him. I remember how it was for me as a new vampire. Kayden started toward her. I didn’t move to intervene. He had to learn control. If he went too far, I would stop him. 
“Kayden?” Jenna sounded uncertain as she watched him approach. 
He stopped in front of her. His eyes were locked with hers. He moved closer to her, breathing in her scent. I could tell she was afraid, but she wasn’t running or screaming. 
Kayden looked at me. “Can I have her?”
I nodded. He grinned and looked back at her. He took her hand and led her over to the bed. She immediately complied. He unbuttoned his jeans. His hard cock sprang free. He sat down on the bed and pulled her to her knees. She eagerly moved forward. Her mouth covered his cock. She went to work pleasuring him.
His eyes drifted to me. The hazy smile on his lips told me how much he was enjoying it. “My dick stays hard. It’s like I never get enough.”
I sighed. “You’ll learn to control that as you get older.”
He groaned. “Maybe I don’t want to control it. Maybe I just want to fuck.”
My eyes drifted to Jenna. She was vigorously pleasuring him. I felt my body warm at the sight. I had the same affliction he did. I was never satisfied. I always wanted more. More blood … more sex … more of everything. It was how I coped.
I slowly stood and dropped my robe. I needed to get dressed. I would love to stay and lose myself with Kayden, but I had too much on my mind. I walked to my dresser and selected a pair of panties and a matching bra. I slipped them on, and then I walked to the closet and pulled a dress on.
I looked over at Kayden. He was still thoroughly enjoying Jenna. His eyes shifted to me, and I could see the disappointment. “You aren’t staying?” 
I laughed. “No. As much as I would love to. I have other issues to attend to.” I slipped my shoes on and walked out of the room. 
I needed to go see Will. I didn’t know what I was going to do with him. I wanted to make sure he was okay.
I left the bar, finding my way to the woods. I walked down the wooded path. My mind was racing. I didn’t know what I was going to say to him. 
Noah’s cabin seemed relatively vacant compared to what it usually was. I sighed and knocked on the door. Noah opened the door. “Elise?”
“Where’s Will?” I was suddenly nervous. I wasn’t used to the feeling. I didn’t get nervous. I didn’t know how Will was going to look at me.
Noah suddenly seemed uncertain. “He isn’t here. He’s at Jayden’s house.”
I sighed. “Where is Jayden’s house?”
He slipped out the door and shut it. “I’ll take you now.” He started off. He glanced at me after a few minutes. “Are you okay?”
I nodded. “I have a lot on my mind.”
He nodded. “Jayden explained some of what was going on.” 
We came to a clearing. There was a large house. It was full of life. I wasn’t really surprised. They all seemed to congregate in one area. I followed Noah up the steps. He walked right inside.
I spotted Will at the dining room table. He looked worn, like he hadn’t slept. He was pushing his food around on his plate. He looked up as if he sensed me. Relief flashed across his face. He hurried over to me and threw his arms around me. “I thought you didn’t want me anymore after …”
I cut him off before he could finish speaking. “Hush, don’t think like that. I just needed you safe.” I was slightly startled by his affection. I thought he would hate me. I couldn’t protect him. It was my fault he got hurt. 
He pulled back and pressed his lips to mine. “I want to come home. I want to be back in your bed.”
I pressed my forehead to his and smiled. “I want you to come home. I’m just terrified you will be hurt.”
“I don’t care if I get hurt. I want to be with you,” he said firmly.
“Elise.” Jayden’s low voice caught my attention.
I looked over at him. “What?”
“We need to talk.” He turned and walked down a hall.
I glanced at Will. “Finish eating, I will be back.”
Will looked like he wanted to protest, but instead he nodded and walked back over to the table. 
I followed Jayden down the hall. He walked into a room, and I followed him in. It was an office. I turned and looked at him as he closed the door behind me. “What do we need to discuss?”
He looked down at me and crossed his arms. “Are you feeling better?”
I scoffed. “I wasn’t feeling bad, I was pissed off.”
He smiled slightly, like he didn’t believe me. “That was more than just anger. You were upset, even if you don’t want to admit it.”
I rolled my eyes. “If I wanted to talk about my feelings I would get a therapist. Is there something else you needed?”
He watched me silently for a few minutes. He started toward the desk. “There are rumors that some of the vampires are looking for new territory.” He sat down behind his desk and continued to watch me. He actually looked good behind a desk. I had a feeling he would also look incredible on the desk with me under him. I envisioned his muscles flexing as he fucked me senseless. He scowled. “Can you keep your mind off of sex for one minute?”
I smiled playfully as I sat down in the chair across from his desk. “Not when you’re in the room. What does the activity of other vampires have to do with me?”
He scowled. “My territory is considered free territory up for grabs. I don’t like that.”
I sighed. “What do you want me to do about it? The only way I can help is if you and I bond. If we bond then it’s my territory. If not …”
“I will not bond with a vampire!” His tone was angry and slightly raised.
I narrowed my eyes at him. “Then don’t bitch at me about other vampires.”
He looked away, appearing to take a deep breath. “You can claim my territory without forcing a bond on me. No one would know we don’t share a bond. I consider us good enough friends to where that shouldn’t be an issue for you.”
I watched him, silently compiling a list of why it would be a terrible idea. It didn’t sound like something I wanted to do. “That sounds like a lot more work than I need. I have Kayden and Will to worry about. I don’t need an entire pack of werewolves to worry about. You’re a big bad wolf. I think you’ll be okay.” I stood to leave. If all he wanted was to give me more to do … I was ready to go.
He stood suddenly. “Do you know a vampire named Julia?”
I hesitated, and then looked at him. “Yes, I know one named Julia. I don’t know if it’s the same Julia you know.” The Julia I knew, I couldn’t stand. She was a self-entitled, stuck up, insufferable bitch. 
He scowled slightly. “I’m pretty sure she’s one and the same.”
I shrugged. “What does she have to do with me?”
He sat back down in his chair. “She came to see me …” He leaned back in his chair, smiling slightly. “She has a certain interest in me and my pack.”
I narrowed my eyes at him. “Are you threatening me?”
He sighed. “No. I’m simply saying there are others willing to help me out if you don’t want to.”
I scoffed. “Julia will force a bond on you. That’s a fact. I’ve been very generous in regards to our relationship. I think you know that.” I turned to leave. I wasn’t interested in the conversation anymore. He was trying to force me to do what he wanted on his terms.
He moved in front of the door, blocking my retreat. His expression was hard, and I could tell he was going to be a pain. He was always a pain when he wasn’t getting his way. “We aren’t done here.”
I scowled. “I think we are.” I stepped toward him.
He straightened, making himself even taller. “Do you really want to end what we have?”
I smiled slightly. “What exactly do you think we have?”
He leaned into me. His face was only inches from mine. “We have a relationship that benefits us both equally. I don’t get more and you don’t get more. It’s called give and take. If one is giving more than taking it won’t work.” 
“What exactly are you giving me?” I countered. 
He laughed softly. His lips brushed mine, sending tingling sensations straight to my core. “I give you what you need. Are you really going to walk away from that?” He moved closer to me, bumping me with his body. He nipped at my lips. His cock was straining against his jeans. He was slightly overwhelming and he knew it. 
I sighed as I ran my hand over his chest. I moved lower, running my hand over the bulge in his pants. I grasped him through his pants. I was careful to be firm but I avoided hurting him … at least for now. His breath caught in his throat. His eyes glinted with hesitation and excitement. I narrowed my eyes at him. “Did you fuck her?”
He looked mildly surprised by my question. “Who?”
My expression darkened and I held him a little tighter, making him gasp. “You know who. Julia, you asshole. Did you fuck her?”
A smile spread across his face. “Jealous?”
I sighed. “I’m trying to decide whether to help you or castrate you. You really shouldn’t annoy me. It won’t go well for you.”
His smile widened. “You like my cock too much to castrate me.”
“Maybe I want it as a trophy,” I countered. “Maybe I have a cock trophy collection at home.”
He laughed. “Somehow, that wouldn’t surprise me, and to answer your question … no … I didn’t fuck her.”
I released my hold on him. “Good. You can keep your manhood … for now.”
“Will you help me?” He pressed. 
I groaned. “What exactly do you want me to do?”
“Move here with the pack. Protect my territory from other vampires. I shouldn’t have to fight for it. My pack has been here forever. They have no right to think they have some sort of claim to it.” His expression was back to being dark and angry. He really didn’t like vampires. 
I watched him, silently debating what I should do. Before I could respond, someone yelling for Jayden from the other side of the door caught both our attention. 
Jayden spun around and yanked the door open. A young male was out of breath. Others were gathering in the hall because of the commotion. Jayden scowled. “What’s going on?”
The young male looked terrified. His face was red from running. He could barely catch his breath. “Mark … and … and … Jacob … there is so much blood.” He suddenly looked sick. He vomited on the floor at Jayden’s feet. 
“What the hell, Carl! What’s going on?” Jayden demanded. 
“Jayden!” Noah yelled, and then pushed his way into the hall. His expression was grim. “Someone killed them. It’s bad.” He turned and started back the way he just came.
Jayden hurried after him, and I followed. I wanted to know what was going on as much as Jayden did. Noah led us both outside. I could smell the blood in the air long before I saw their bodies. I stopped in my tracks when I saw the bodies. There were two bodies hanging in the trees. They were hung upside down, by their feet. They were headless. Their heads were on the ground below them. 
Jayden let out an angry yell. He suddenly turned toward me. He stalked over to me with his hands clenched into fists at his sides. “Your kind did this!” He grabbed my arm and yanked me toward the bodies. “Is this not a good enough reason to help me?” He demanded. “Or is this still a fucking game for you?” 
My eyes were locked on the bloody carnage in front of me. My mind was racing. I didn’t think anyone would get hurt over a stupid territory battle. From what I understood, it was just beginning.  
Jayden jerked my arm. “Tell me what you’re going to do? Are you going to just sit in your bar and fuck every stud that walks by you, or are you actually going do something with your fucking life?”
I glared at him, pulling my arm out of his grasp. “This is your fight, not mine.” The way he was treating me was pissing me off. He was acting like I beheaded his wolves myself. 
He glared down at me, towering above me. His body was tense like he was ready to strike at any moment. “I’m making it your problem, Elise. You either stand with me, or stand against me. There will be no neutral ground.” He stalked back toward the house and started shouting orders.  
I stared after him, realizing I no longer had a choice. He was making it clear he wasn’t asking for my help anymore … he was demanding it.

Bite: Book 2 will be coming soon on all major platforms! To follow the series like my Facebook page at www.facebook.com/ellaprice.ella


