


The Colorblind Trilogy Book One





Copyright © 2015 by Rose B. Mashal
All rights reserved.
This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.

All Bible verses are quoted from King James Version (KJV) Public Domain.

The Holy Bible, King James Version. Cambridge Edition: 1769; King James Bible Online 2015
http://www.kingjamesbibleonline.org/

Editors
Theresa Pisani Moniez
Susan Willeat
Lisa Marie Slayers

Proofreader
Jaana Häkli

Cover Designer:
Arijana Karcic, Cover It! Designs



Title
Copyright
Summary
Preface
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-one
Chapter Twenty-two
Chapter Twenty-three
Chapter Twenty-four
Chapter Twenty-five
Chapter Twenty-six
Chapter Twenty-seven
Chapter Twenty-eight
Chapter Twenty-nine
Chapter Thirty
Chapter Thirty-one
Chapter Thirty-two
Chapter Thirty-three
Chapter Thirty-four
Chapter Thirty-five
About the Author
Acknowledgments


A Muslim Arab Prince with a heavy weight of responsibilities on his shoulders and a young Catholic American woman with a dark, haunted past living inside her heart. Unexpectedly thrust together in a deal of betrayal brokered by her brother, the last thing she imagines when she goes to his wedding in a kingdom far away from her home, is to find out that it’s her own wedding, as well.

A bright, independent CEO struggling to live this new life, where the traditions and rules are too numerous to keep up with, and an attractive, intelligent prince wanting nothing more than for his bride to find the black keys.

Fate steps in to teach the troubled new princess a few lessons about love, life, understanding and acceptance, while destiny forces the Crown Prince into allowing his beautiful wife to break a rule or two.

Because when it comes to love, rules blur and traditions fade.


To Jaana Häkli, maybe it was me who gave birth to this baby, but you did all of the pushing. I love you.


Oh, God! I’d never let that pig touch me!
I shot up into standing position like the couch was on fire and looked around, finally really taking the room in. The sheets on the bed were white with red rosebuds all over them, shaped like a giant heart.
God! Oh, God!
I felt a bit lightheaded as I imagined myself on that bed doing what they expected me to do.
I ran to stand next to the bed where I saw colored lights coming from a window on the wall beside it. I looked closely, searching for a way to escape from that window but found none, since it was blocked by iron bars from the outside.
With hurried steps, I made my way to the door in the corner of the room, which turned out to be a bathroom, just like I had expected–a freakishly huge one, at that. I looked all over the bathroom for any sort of an exit but all of my efforts to find one came out fruitless.
My hands came to my collar and I yanked the button that held my robe together over my body and let it fall to the floor; it was choking me. I gripped the same hair that my brother had just let go of not ten minutes earlier and groaned in frustration, my tears out of my control.
That was it. There was no way out for me. No way at all.
My eyes caught my reflection in the mirror and I didn’t like what I saw. It was a sad girl with black tears running down her cheeks and a broken heart caused by her brother’s unfaithfulness.
In my frustrated state, I didn’t realize I had picked up a bottle of lotion from the counter and smashed the mirror with it until I saw the shattered pieces flying down to the floor.
Once I saw those broken pieces, a thought crept into my mind: I have to hurt the prince. There was no other way. I’d give up my own life before I gave up my body to him.


The whole building was almost empty as I was working late again. I think it was only me and the security guys there–it was past nine PM after all.
The manager in the London branch had been complaining about having to work so far from where his family lives–here in New York–and it seemed like it was affecting so many things in how he was dealing because all of the strategies and marketing he was doing were not as good as I would’ve liked them to be.
I only kept him because I knew he was the best of the best, and my father had trusted him all of his life to manage the main branch when he was away. I also hoped that things would get better soon, maybe one more year would help him get back on his always-has-been-perfect track.
“Look who’s here!”
The voice I’d longed to hear for what seemed like forever called out, forcing me to stop my rapid tapping on the keyboard of my laptop and to look up and away from the screen to where it was coming from.
“Joseph!”
I jumped up from my seat and ran into his arms, hugging him tightly and squealing in delight when he picked me up off the floor and spun me around, forcing my legs to fly in the air as I lifted them up–an act that was caused by my excitement to finally be able to see him face-to-face and not through a stupid webcam.
“Little Princess!” He put me down and kissed my hair, hugging me once more before pulling back a few inches to look at me; “I’ve missed you so much,” he smiled.
“Loser!” I said, punching him playfully in the chest, “If that was true you wouldn’t have stayed away this long without seeing your little sister,” I scowled at him, lips in a tight line, hands on my hips and all.
“Ah, I know, I know. And I’m so sorry about it, Sweetie. But you know it was out of my hands,” he sighed.
I did know it was out of his hands. It had been like that since my parents passed away last year when our private jet crashed with them on board, almost crashing Joseph’s and my world along with it.
It wasn’t easy for us to go on. Our parents were unlike any other parents in the world: they were the best mom and dad anyone could ask for, even better. There was nothing–absolutely nothing–we asked for and couldn’t have. Well, there was nothing that we didn’t already have anyway; we had everything and a bit more. And in just one minute they were – gone.
It took us a long time to accept it and move on with our lives. Joseph and I had to take care of everything they’d left behind: a heavy weight formed in the shape of one of the biggest exporting and transporting companies in the United States of America
I was barely twenty-one and Joseph was only twenty-four when we took over managing our company and all of the branches, having to get everything back on track since it had almost fallen apart when we neglected it for the two months we spent unable to get to the stage of mentioning their names without crying our souls out.
It wasn’t easy. It was a really hard job to take care of all of that with my English major and Joseph’s in history, which we weren’t even able to finish since managing the company took all of our time.
“I know,” it was my turn to sigh. “Come and sit down, I want details about everything.” I dragged him by the hand to sit on the black leather sofa that was across from my desk.
He let out a long breath when he was comfortable, unbuttoning his suit jacket and putting his arm over the back of the sofa, moving slightly to face me as I sat with my legs underneath me, already barefoot and jacket-less since the moment all of the other employees had gone home. “What do you want to know?” he asked.
“Hello! Everything, dude!” I told him. “And please, I don’t want to hear anything about work.”
“It was good, Marie. Really good, actually. A little hot during the day, but the people were very nice, and very kind,” he said with a nod and a smile.
It was only when he spoke those words that I noticed the slight tan covering his features. It was really a strange sight, since I was so used to seeing him with the very pale skin that we’d both inherited from our mother along with the bright blue eyes and blond locks.
I couldn’t help but think Joseph was lying to me about the people part. He knew I wasn’t very comfortable with him going to the Middle East. I’d heard all of my life that Arabs weren’t very easy to deal with, let alone Arabian Muslims. I couldn’t remember one time that Islam was mentioned in front of me and the word ‘terrorism’ didn’t flash in my mind.
Joseph must’ve felt my discomfort so he changed the subject immediately. ‘‘The food alone was great. My God! I can’t even begin to tell you.” When he saw the smile of excitement that decorated my face, he went on and on about the safe subject that starred so many kinds of food and drink along with the beauty of the country itself.
I’d missed it so much, to have him sitting with me and talking for hours like we were doing now. My heart was dancing in joy because I was finally feeling his presence after a long seven months of absence.
“And, I, uh...I met someone,” he said almost shyly.
That was another subject I wasn’t very fond of: Joseph’s lifestyle. My brother wasn’t a player, per se, but he’d known a lot of women over the years. Our parents had tried their best to tell us how wrong it was and to wait for The One–that it would pay off in the end when we met our God and would be rewarded for our good deeds. Joseph didn’t listen, not so much anyway.
However, the look in his eyes told me that it was different this time, that it might really be that thing our parents told us we’d find at some point when the time was right: The One.
“I’m pretty sure you met lots of ones,” I teased, which made him chuckle and shake his head.
“Okay then, I met a girl.”
“Yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“Okay, she must be really special for you to mention her,” I pointed out.
“She is,” he smiled. “Marie, I–I fell in love.”
My eyes almost bulged out of my skull. “Get out!” I said loudly, and he chuckled.
“It’s for real.”
“Oh, my God!” I gushed. “Joseph, this is wonderful. So wonderful.”
“And, uh…”
“What?”
“I–I’m getting married.”
“Shut up!” I screamed in disbelief and delight at the same time.
“I am.”
“Oh, my God! Oh, my God!” I squealed, throwing myself in his arms, hugging him and kissing his cheeks like crazy. The happiness I felt for him was beyond words, I couldn’t even begin to explain.
“That is the best news–EVER!” I told him; my mouth almost hurt from too much smiling.
“I knew you’d be happy for me.”
“Of course I am!” I replied. “Wow! I can’t believe you met the girl of your dreams on that trip. Is she one of the staff?”
“Uh, no. She’s, uh...she’s a princess.”
“Oooh! So you fell in love and suddenly I’m not your princess anymore but your fiancée is, huh?” I pouted playfully.
“No, you’ll always be my little princess, Sweetie. But, uh, she’s a real princess, you know, royal one, the daughter of the king.”
I frowned. For a moment I thought Joseph had somehow gone to the United Kingdom at some point in the past few months, but immediately remembered that they had a queen and not a king. Then suddenly realization hit me.
“What?”
It couldn’t be.
“Marie, she’s a very sweet girl, so nice and tender. You’ll fall in love with her in seconds.”
“An Arab?”
“If you’d just meet her and get to know h-”
“An Arab, Joseph? Are you frigging kidding me? You’re marrying an Arab?”
“Marie, listen to me.” He took both of my hands in his. “Love knows no boundaries; it hits you when it feels right, and being with her just feels right.”
My bottom lip was trapped between my teeth and my frown deepened as I looked down and away from his face, trying to let his words sink in, but it was just so hard to take.
I shook my head in a failed attempt to shake my disapproving thoughts away. It was his life after all, not mine, but his safety and happiness meant too much for me not to care about their presence in said life, and I wasn’t sure if a weak Arabian woman could do that for him.
“She makes you happy?” I whispered the question.
“Very.”
I nodded my head and offered him a small smile.
“Tell me she’s Catholic at least,” I pleaded, looking into his eyes, eyes that failed to hide the truth from me when they were lowered to look away from mine.
“You’ve got to be kidding me, Joseph!” I said a bit loudly.
“She–She’s not Christian, Marie.”
What on earth?
“Excuse me? What do you mean she’s not Christian?”
That’s just not right.
He kept staring at the floor.
“Oh, my God! She can’t be what I think she is, can she?” I asked in shock. I shouted another ‘Oh, my God’ when he kept his head lowered and avoided eye contact.
I was mad. Really, really mad.
“A Muslim, Joseph? Seriously? A terrorist?”
“She’s not a terrorist. Don’t speak of her that way, you don’t even know her,” he snapped.
“Wow! Really? Because as far as I know Muslims do nothing but kill others–and each other as well!”
“How did you even come to believe that, huh?”
“Are you really asking me that? I’ve heard about it all of my life!” I defended.
“Are you being serious right now, Marie? Heard about it? Can you even hear yourself? You’ve never met one, not a single one. Yet you’re so okay with judging them, even accusing them of being things they are not.”
“How wonderful! They’ve brainwashed you!”
“Stop it!” he yelled, shocking me with the unfamiliar tone in his voice that he’d never spoken to me with. “I’m sick of your shallow thoughts. You’ve always believed that without any clue if it was true or not, and absolutely nothing to put your hands on in those thoughts.”
“I can go on for years with proof that Muslims and Arabs are nothing but anima-”
“Watch your mouth, Marie, I won’t be taking any of this, not anymore.’’
“For her?”
“Not only for her, for the months I spent there and saw nothing from them but pure kindness and generosity. It’s only fair to speak about them based on the facts I witnessed with my own eyes, not just gossip I’ve heard.”
I think it was the very first time I knew what it meant to be shocked into silence, because the words wouldn’t form on my tongue no matter how much I wanted to let them out and free. I kept opening my mouth and closing it, not able to utter one word.
I didn’t know if his words were true or not. I was well-educated and a smart person; I had an open mind. I refused to think that I was racist or anything like that, because I really wasn’t, but when it came to Arabs and Islam, I just had to stop thinking of any good thought. I’d always understood they weren’t the nice and kind people Joseph was trying to make me believe they were. It didn’t mean I was shallow. I always thought deeply about everything, and my theories were based on the crimes and cruelty I’d seen the media and people talking about all my life. It was just impossible for it not to be true.
But the look in my brother’s eyes when he talked about her–he really loved her, but–was love really that blind that he couldn’t even sense rubbish when it hit him in the face? I wasn’t sure.
I got up from the sofa and paced the room back and forth a few times, moving my hands through my hair in frustration every once in a while. I was still not able to believe that my brother fell for a Muslim–an Arabian one, at that. What would our parents think of it?
I stopped in front of him and looked down to his sitting form, then asked again, “She makes you happy?” It was the only thing that really mattered, I’d come to realize. My brother’s happiness was more important than anything else. It was his life, so it was his decision. It was the right thing to support him in whatever he wanted as long as he thought it would make him happy. His happiness was truly the only thing that really mattered. Supporting him was my duty, even if I didn’t approve.
He looked up at me, a pleading look in his eyes as if he was silently begging me for something I didn’t even know. “She does. Like no other,” he whispered.
I paused for a few moments before I nodded. “When is the wedding?” I had to ask.
“In four days.”
“Four days? Really?”
“I–I came here only to get you.”
“Wow!” I said for what felt like the hundredth time in less than an hour. “Aren’t you rushing it?”
“It can’t be delayed.” He looked down again.
“You’re head over heels about her, Big Bro, aren’t you?” I smiled the best I could, even if I still wanted to go somewhere alone and scream my head off.
“Completely.” he replied almost instantly.
I nodded again, then shook my head less than a moment later.
“What’s her name?”
“Jenna.”
“Jenna? I didn’t know that was an Arabian name.”
“It’s not. Her name is Janna, with ‘A’ not ‘E’, but the first time she told me her name I thought I’d misheard her and asked her if it was Jenna, like you just did. She tried to tell me how to pronounce Janna the right way but she said I made it sound funny when I said it. She let me call her Jenna for a while, but then I mastered it eventually, and I couldn’t be any happier knowing how to say a new name.” He grinned, his eyes shining as he told me the little story about his princess.
A real princess.
The delight was back in his eyes with that spark that showed how much he actually loved her as he spoke those few words about her. I was completely sure by then that he really loved her and it wasn’t just a thing that would soon be over like most of his hookups.
She truly did make him happy.
And it was all that mattered.
“Then let’s start getting ready to meet your Janna.”


The things we do for love …
Here I was sitting on a plane, even if it was the thing I hated doing the most. It had everything to do with what had happened to my parents and what had happened on The Black Day. I think I had developed some kind of phobia towards airplanes since the accidents. But it was my brother’s wedding, so it was impossible not to be there. I wouldn’t miss it for the whole world. And if it took me two hundred hours sitting on this thing, I was willing to do it in a heartbeat.
I’d always known that I would do anything for my brother. I’d even take a bullet for him if things came to that, no questions asked.
I took a sip of my warm soda that I’d been holding in my hands for more than an hour, clinging to it and staring at the fancy glass for distraction. The anxiety I was feeling wasn’t a nice feeling at all, but I had to be at the wedding. It was Joseph’s.
Joseph’s wedding.
The words felt strange even in my mind, not only on my tongue. It seemed that everything was happening so fast and so rushed that it almost made my head spin. He said it was love at first sight, and even though I’d never believed in such a thing, I believed him.
He’d told me all of these nice things about his Janna: how they met – which was so strange I might add – and how they spoke for the first time. He’d told me about her blush, her dark eyes and very pale skin. He talked of her very long and silky, dark-as-the-night hair–his words, not mine–and he went on and on about her so much that, at some point, I thought I’d fallen asleep because I spent so much time only listening and not talking.
I had no idea how he had seen her hair, though. I thought all Muslim women covered their hair? Whatever.
Our pilot announced that we were about to land, and I felt my heartbeat going crazy, while my heart itself was going crazy with fear. My hand moved on its own to my chest, clutching the silver cross that was hanging from my necklace for dear life.
“Our Father, Who art in Heaven...” I started praying in soft whispers, my eyes closed tightly as fear crept into my insides along with my heart and mind. My breaths tangled and I started having a mini-panic attack. If it wasn’t for Joseph’s hand squeezing my free hand, I don’t know how I would’ve gotten through this landing.
I couldn’t wait to get off that plane, but I had to take a few minutes to make sure, that after so many long hours sitting there bored and scared at the same time, that I looked decent, at least. After all, I was going to meet a princess shortly, and most likely a royal family as well.
Joseph wasn’t happy with me forcing him to wait until I had dressed before we left the jet. He’d told me to do it as we were still flying, half an hour before landing, but there was no way I was going to move around in that thing as it flew through the air. It was just a no-go for me. He had to wait.
I dressed in a long, short-sleeved summer dress with a loose skirt. The V-neck dominating the top of the dress wasn’t that low cut. It looked nice; I always felt good wearing navy blue, as it was my favorite color in clothes. I let my hair fall over my shoulders and down my back in straight locks, then added a slight blush and a little bit of light, rosy lip gloss.
When I stepped out of the jet’s bedroom, Joseph was standing by the door, anxiously waiting for me. I wanted to tease him about how love had turned him into a nervous mess, but decided to take it easy on him. He looked on edge enough.
“Marie,” he smiled. “You look beautiful.”
“Why, thank you, Big Bro. You don’t look so ba-” I was cut off by him offering me a piece of cloth, a baby blue one.
“Would you please wear this?” he asked.
“What it is?” I frowned as I took the cloth from him and looked at it. “A scarf?”
“Well, yeah. Kind of,” he replied.
“But I’m sure it’s really hot out there. I won’t need it,” I pointed out.
“Uh, it’s not to be put around your neck, it’s, uh...it’s to cover your hair with.”
“What? You mean like Muslims?” I asked in shock. “You’ve got to be kidding me!” I almost yelled when he didn’t reply.
“Marie, please, just put the thing on,” he sighed.
“Did they tell you to force me into wearing this?”
“I’m not forcing you into wearing anything. It’s fine if you don’t want to, but it’s just a sign of respect.”
The anger and upset I’d been trying to get over since my brother told me about his upcoming wedding started to boil over again as I fisted the stupidly soft material in my hand.
Why should I show respect by covering my hair? Why were women supposed to cover their hair anyway? It was utterly stupid, and I refused to look like their laws had anything on me. I refused to be manhandled by anyone like the rest of the women here; it was not going to happen.
“Good, because I’m not wearing the stupid thing,” I spat and passed him after throwing the thing to rest in his hand again, making my way to the exit.
“Are you coming?” I looked over my shoulder, and the sight of him looking at the stupid thing in sorrow made my insides tighten. He looked so sad. For a moment, I wondered why something so insignificant would affect him that much, but I couldn’t just go on my way knowing it meant as much to him as it obviously did.
I shook my head and huffed, taking a few steps back to him, then took the cloth from him. “Fine,” I said harshly. “But I’m not happy about it.” I straightened the stupid thing in my hands, and put it loosely over my head and shoulders.
It wasn’t until I had it on that a memory flashed in my mind, not exactly a memory but more like something I’d seen on TV years ago. It was when Hillary Clinton was visiting this very same country and putting a similar thing over her own head. Hillary Clinton was one of the most powerful women I’ve ever known, so strong and effective. I couldn’t imagine her being manhandled by anyone, and I thought that maybe Joseph was right after all–it could be only a sign of respect.
That very thing led me to notice just how important the people I was going to meet were, for someone like Hillary Clinton to visit them more than one time to discuss things that were important to both countries.
With a sigh, I put my shades on; I didn’t want them to see the rage in my eyes since that wouldn’t be ‘respectful’ or whatever. I had to show my brother’s in-laws that I wasn’t disrespectful–no matter how much I despised their religion or loathed their race.
Snap! Did I just say ‘Race’?
My God!
Down the stairs of the plane, we were greeted by a large number of people. Well, men to be clear. Not even one woman in sight. Most of them were dressed in those weird dresses that Joseph had told me was their official costume, called a ‘thawb’. All of their ‘dresses’ were really, really, really white – it was almost blinding. On their heads was some kind of scarf shaped in a neat way that was either white or white and red. On top or around it –I wasn’t sure–was a thin black circle that I assumed was holding it in place.
I couldn’t deny that with the tan, bronzed or pale skin they had that they were very handsome, with the dark eyes and dark hair that was on either their chins or above their lips, or both–if not a complete beard.
They shook my hand politely with a nod of their heads and a small smile as I passed one after another in the line they’d made, mesmerized by their tall frames and built forms– hardly any of them weren’t fit.
My lips were pressed into a line as I offered a tight smile in greeting to each one of them. But then my mouth fell slightly agape as I felt like I was shocked by electricity when I shook hands with the last one.
My eyes darted from our joined hands up to his face. The words ‘very handsome’ wouldn’t do him justice. He was a sight to look at, an attractive young man with pale skin. A soft gasp escaped my parted lips when I looked into the bright green garden that was his eyes, eyes that were trapped by thick long lashes that were a beauty in and of themselves. His soft features were toughened by the sharpness of his jaw, a jaw that was growing dark brown hair that was more like scruff than a beard, and a slight sign of a mustache where it should be.
His own lips parted slightly when I took off my sunglasses with my free hand to get a better look at his outstanding features. He stared into my eyes for a few moments before his lips formed the most beautiful crooked smile I’ve ever seen in my whole short life, bright teeth shining like pearls when his smile widened a bit. The very same smile that was so infectious that I couldn’t not smile brightly back at him, a smile that widened even more when he offered me a bouquet of red roses that looked more like the kind you’d pick from a garden in heaven.
Bitterly and against my will, I released his hand, because I had to. But then I took the bouquet from him, whispering a small ‘‘thank you,’’ which he returned with another smile, his hand moving to push the white and red material that was above his head with the tips of his fingers.
My own smile fell at the motion, and I blinked twice, for it made me realize who I was standing in front of, or better yet–what he was.
An Arab.
An Arab, and for sure Muslim, as well.
It was then that I noticed that his bright green eyes were darkened by secrets I knew were hidden there somewhere, by the toughness and cruelty I was so sure he was trying his hardest to hide. But I was no fool. I knew he wasn’t someone I should have any thought of attraction to or see the beauty in, because I just knew he was anything but on the inside.
I just knew it in my heart, and my heart could always tell.
I went on with my way.



It had only been less than a day since I set foot in the country and I already felt like I was going to go crazy.
Traditions, traditions, and then more traditions.
Come the heck on! I was bored stupid.
When we first arrived we were ushered into some kind of private hotel. It felt as if it was almost empty aside from the staff, which were all men I might add. I started to think that there were only men in this country, but then thought it would be stupid of me to think so, because how on earth would men be here if it wasn’t for women?
I was on edge the whole frigging time, and again, I was pretty sure I’d lose my sanity if it wasn’t for Joseph hardly ever leaving my side.
In our suite, we were constantly offered a huge amount of food –enough to feed the armies of two or three countries. It seemed like a never-ending story of people entering our suite to drop off more food and take away hardly touched plates. It felt weird to see all of those men looking at the ground, like slaves. I hated it. It made me feel bad, so bad beyond words.
Joseph told me that they’d let us rest. We should be starting our day in the morning; they’d let us know exactly when. I hated that, too. Joseph and I were to be some kind of family to them soon, so why wouldn’t any of the royal family meet us now? That was disrespectful.
To be honest, when I put my head on the pillow and slept like a rock almost instantly, I was very grateful for the space they’d offered us. I really needed that rest after the long hours in the plane.
When the sun rose, Joseph woke me up, and I hugged him and wished him the best wishes I could think of. My heart was breaking for the fact that he was going to get married in a few hours without a father or a mother or even a friend, nothing but a sister that loved him more than the whole world.
I respected his wish of not telling any of our friends about the wedding, saying it was a sensitive matter given who his in-laws were. We would let the world know about it when they were ready. There was no one important to us besides each other anyway, so it wasn’t even worth telling.
Out of nowhere, Joseph started crying over my shoulder, whispering so many times that he loved me so much and that he only wanted the best for me, that he would never put me into any situation if he thought I’d be in danger even for a moment.
I didn’t know what to think about that, and it broke my heart some more to see him like that. I realized that maybe he was sorry for bringing me into a country he knew I hated to be in, where I was thinking I’d be in danger or fear for both of our lives.
I assured him that as long as we had each other, nothing else would matter.
“I’ll hold you to that,” he told me.
I offered him a smile as my chest tightened with a confusion that was uncalled for, a confusion some of his words had caused, a confusion I hid from him so well. Today was his wedding day, after all.



Only a few hours before the wedding, and I’d yet to meet the bride. I couldn’t wait to meet the girl who’d captured my brother’s heart and stole the sleep from his eyes. I had no picture or anything like that of her, only the perfect image Joseph had drawn in my head.
To say I almost danced when I heard a female’s voice would be an understatement. It turned out to be a lady that was to assist me to some kind of a spa inside of the hotel that was only for women. The lady was covered literally from head to toe with black, only thickly kohl-lined, brown eyes and pale hands were showing, and nothing more.
In the spa, the lady took off the dark, er, robe? she was wearing, and underneath it she was wearing jeans and a very stylish blouse; I thought she looked really pretty. I was greeted by the one who managed the place, and the lady who gave me her name as Huda told me with her thick accent that I could get whatever I wanted. It was a nice thing for them to offer, to be honest. I got a massage and my nails done as well as my hair.
I was then brought to a table that I knew very well was for something I didn’t like to do. Ever.
“Um, I’m not going to do this,” I told Huda.
“Uh, but it’s a tradition, Miss Marie,” she said.
Tradition? What on earth? Why should the soon-to-be-sister-in-law wax? I wondered.
Weirdos!
“I’m sorry, but no, I don’t do it, and I won’t.”
Huda was really shocked by that; I didn’t know why. It looked as if she wanted to say something; however, she just smiled and nodded.
When I was done with everything, I thought it was time to put on my dress that I had bought just two days before we left. But when I told Huda, she told me that my dress was already waiting for me.
I didn’t want to sound ungrateful or anything, but I also didn’t like that someone had bought me something that I might not like. Though, I thought that maybe it had something to do with the way the bride wanted things, so I didn’t say anything.
Inside the room I was to get dressed in, I saw a very beautiful wedding dress on a hanger. It was brightly white with shining pearls and diamonds, and I assumed it was my brother’s fiancée’s. I thought she was really lucky to wear it; it was breathtaking.
“Where is my dress?” I asked.
“This one, Miss Marie.” She pointed to the wedding dress.
WHAT?
Why was I to wear a wedding dress?


“Uh, this is for me?” I asked Huda.
“Yes, Miss Marie,” she replied.
A frigging wedding dress?
“But...I...uh...I think it’s not appropriate for me to wear that.”
I mean, it’s supposed to be only the bride wearing something like that.
“Of course it is, Miss Marie. It’s a tradition.”
This word again! It was really beginning to get on my nerves. I was seriously nearing the point where I’d consider telling her that I couldn’t care less about their stupid, meaningless traditions.
But after refusing the weird request of being waxed, I didn’t feel like refusing another tradition would be nice. After all, I’ve been met by nothing but kindness since I arrived here. Fake kindness, I knew, but still…
“Okay,” I sighed.
The dress needed a little work to fit properly, since it was a little loose in the waist and chest area, but other than that, it looked and felt perfect.
Looking at myself in the mirror–I just couldn’t take it. I looked like a bride, and I didn’t like it. It wasn’t my wedding, it was my brother’s. In my opinion, it wasn’t fair for me to be wearing this; only the bride was supposed to wear something as beautiful as this.
I wanted out of the dress. And that was what I did.
As hard as she tried to hide how displeased she was, I could still see it on Huda’s face that she wasn’t happy with me refusing to keep the dress on. It just felt wrong, and I had to do it. She just had to get over it.
I wore my silver dress that was brought to me from my room as I’d requested, and only then did I feel like I was wearing something appropriate.
Looking in the mirror, it felt right.
Huda was about to say something when we heard a knock. She said something loudly in Arabic that I supposed was directing the person to come in, because that was what happened shortly thereafter. A young girl entered and smiled at me, which I returned before she spoke with Huda. The conversation went back and forth and I didn’t like the fact that I wasn’t aware of what they were talking about, but I was pretty sure I heard the word ‘Ameera’ more than one time. It seemed like it was her name from the way she was saying it and Huda was responding.
When the girl left, Huda informed me that she should go get ready for the wedding and see if Janna needed her to do anything.
“Sure,” I nodded. “Wait, I wanted to ask,” I paused and Huda smiled, “Is your name really Huda?”
“Yes, of course, Miss Marie,” she replied. “But, if I may ask, why are you asking that?”
“Well, nothing. It’s just that I heard that girl calling you ‘Ameera’ more than once, so I thought it was your name. I think I was mistaken.”
“Oh, it’s all right. Ameera is my title, though.”
Title?
I think Huda was able to see the confusion on my face because she explained, “Ameera means princess, Miss Marie.”
My eyes widened at her words. Princess? Huda was a princess? She just helped me dress, for God’s sake! I thought she was, er, the help or something.
“Uh…You’re a princess?” I asked in a low voice.
“Yes.” She smiled.
“Wow!”
“Uh, why is that so hard to believe?”
“Um, I’m sorry, it’s just that-” what to say? “I thought that I still hadn’t met any of the royal family yet, is all.” Good escape, Marie.
Confusion appeared on Huda’s face as she frowned. “No one met you at the airport?” she asked in a shock.
“No, there were about ten or fifteen guys there waiting for us,” I told her.
“Oh, you scared me for a second,” she sighed a sigh of relief, and I frowned. “All of those were princes, Miss Marie, so you’ve already met a lot of the royal family.”
My eyes widened even more and my eyebrows shot up. All of those men were princes? And they were waiting for us? The beautiful guy is a prince? Of course he is. He’s too handsome not to be.
And he gave me roses…
I blushed at the memory, and I think I was dazed as well for a moment, but another question came to my mind that I had to ask.
“All of those men were your brothers?”
There were over ten!
“Oh, no, they were my cousins. I only have three brothers and they are studying abroad.”
“They won’t attend their sister’s wedding?”
“Janna? Janna is not our sister, she’s our cousin.”
“But I thought you said you’re a princess, and so are they!”
“Anyone in the whole kingdom with my last name is a prince or a princess, Miss Marie. That is, if they are not the king or his wife,” she explained.
“Oh!” I went silent as it registered in my mind what she’d just said. “It was – nice of them. And you too, Huda, helping me and all,” I said awkwardly.
“It’s our pleasure, Miss Marie.”
“Please, call me Marie.”
“Sure,” she smiled. “I’ll be calling you Ameera soon anyway.” With a wink and her confusing words, Huda left me before I could ask what she’d meant by that.



More princesses came to entertain me before the ceremony started. They were as nice as Huda, and tried so hard to make small talk, which I tried to keep going so as not to be rude. But I would never forget the looks on their faces when they saw the dress I was wearing. They tried to hide it, but I was always able to read people, and those weren’t so hard to read.
They made me feel as if my dress wasn’t good enough just by their confused and disapproving looks.
Their dresses were really pretty and I was sure they were very expensive, but mine was no less pretty – or cheap; I’d paid over twelve grand for the thing. But honestly, I didn’t care; they just had to live with it, like Huda did. They were wearing colored dresses, not wedding dresses like they wanted me to wear – why should I be any different?
When it was time to start the ceremony, I was sent to a different room with the girls. They then put some kind of robe over me that was white and covered with pearls and golden decorations. There was a hood attached to it that they put on my head as well. I was worried about it messing up my hair but they assured me it wouldn’t. I was convinced when they put on robes as well, but theirs were black with no decorations on them, and completely covered them – their faces as well.
I hated that I didn’t know what was going to happen after that, as we waited for what, I didn’t know, while hearing the sound of drums and other musical instruments coming from outside.
Why didn’t I Google this before we came?
The doors were opened and I was met by a room that was being opened at the same time. Standing in it was a group of women that mirrored the group I was standing with, other than the first one was wearing a white wedding dress with a robe on top of it just like the one I was wearing. I immediately knew she was my brother’s bride. I wished I could see her face, but it was completely covered just like the rest of the women.
Weirdly, it made me feel exposed for some reason.
From our side, and as the music got louder, another door was opened, revealing a huge number of men. In front of them was my brother, dressed in one of those white thawb all of the guys were wearing, along with the white and red thing over his head.
I bit my lip not to laugh because he looked so funny, and the thought ‘the things we do for love’ came once more into my head. When his eyes met mine, I mouthed, ‘What on earth are you wearing?’ and he mouthed back, ‘Shut up!’ trying to stifle his own laughs. I guess he had caved to their traditions, but he was the groom, so he should; I was merely the soon-to-be-sister-in-law. No big deal.
My eyes drifted to the man standing beside him. My breath was caught in my throat when I realized he was the green-eyed prince. He was even more handsome than yesterday, if that was possible. So very handsome, it hurt. A smile was decorating his face as he gazed at me with so many things I wasn’t able to read, emotions that I had a strong feeling were directed at me.
For a moment or two, and as I looked at him, I think I forgot what he was. But it wasn’t long before I remembered exactly what he represented, and looked away.
The wedding started as we were standing there with a team of male dancers that were wearing thawb as well, only in gray and a bit different from the rest of the men. They were really good at what they did, and their voices were nice as they sang together while they moved around in a fascinating way, even if I couldn’t understand what they were saying.
Whenever my eyes caught the green-eyed prince I found his on me. He’d smile and I’d look away, but not long after I’d look again, and find him with the same smile and warm look.
When the dancers retreated, I watched as Joseph went to where Janna was standing and stood beside her. She hooked her arm with his when he offered it, and I smiled as I saw the adoration in my brother’s eyes as he looked at her hidden form.
When my eyes went back to glance at him on their own, he wasn’t there. I found him standing right beside me, offering me his arm just like Joseph had done with his bride. I stared at it for a few moments before I hooked my arm with his, a strange feeling consuming me–a feeling I couldn’t put my finger on. 
I thought that maybe it was fear. I had feared his kind most of my life, so it was only believable that I’d feel fear being so close to one of them.
He directed me to walk to the other side, opposite from where the men had come, and from there we entered a bigger hall. It was obvious that it was where we would sit since it was full of fancy tables with fancy chairs around them. Two nice sets of chairs dominated a higher area in the corner. They looked more like thrones rather than just fancy chairs, and I thought for sure that they were to be where the king and queen would sit.
My thoughts were proved wrong right away when the prince directed me, as well as Joseph and Janna to them. We turned to face everyone after we stood by the thrones, and the women stood by the tables, whereas the men had stayed behind by the huge door we’d come from.
Music with drums and other instruments filled the place around us as we stood there, arms still linked and smiles filling Joseph’s and the prince’s faces, as well as mine. If Janna was smiling too I couldn’t see it, but I had a feeling she was.
When that song ended, Green Eyes smiled before letting me go and walking away with Joseph. Once they left, the door was closed and more lights filled the room as well as more music.
Suddenly, there was no hint of a single man, they just disappeared, all of them – along with every black robe in sight.
It seemed that I was standing in a very different place from the one I was just in not two minutes ago. The women that filled the hall could be easily mistaken for models and celebrities. Well, I know they could really be celebrities, given this was a royal wedding after all, but I was talking about their clothes. Their dresses belonged in a fashion magazine; they were perfect. Their makeup, their hair and accessories – everything was just perfect.
I found hands on my collar, unbuttoning the only button that held my robe together, and helping me out of it. I realized it was Huda and, as weird as it was, I felt a sense of longing when I saw her. It was just so nice to see a familiar face.
I smiled as I thanked her, my eyes traveling right away to the form beside me. A smile formed on my lips when I saw a girl taking off Janna’s robe, revealing a lovely dark-haired and pale-skinned beautiful girl.
Her robe was off almost the same second mine was, too. And, at this moment, I heard the strangest noises coming from in front of me – the women.
My hand caught my cross right away as fear crept into my heart at the sound that seemed like screams. I looked at them with wide eyes and a shocked expression, as those noises they were making went on for what seemed like ages. As much as it frightened me, I couldn’t deny that it sounded somehow musical.
“Marie.” Hands held my own, and immediately I was soothed by the nice grip they had on mine. I looked at the owner to find the beautiful thief who’d stolen my brother’s heart smiling brightly at me. I was easily able to see her brown eyes dancing with the happiness filing them. “I’ve heard so much about you.” She pulled me into her body and hugged me tightly; you could never imagine someone as petite as her could have such strength to hug this hard.
“Janna, I’m so happy to finally meet you,” I said once we pulled back.
If you only knew what I’d told my brother when I heard about you …
“Me, too. You have no idea.” Her smile was brilliant. “But before anything else, we need to work on how you pronounce my name, because the way you’re saying it means ‘The one who has gone insane’ – I haven’t, yet,” she chuckled, “I’m just kidding, you can call me whatever, I don’t mind.”
Her words made me blush and giggle at the same time, and right then I believed Joseph’s words when he told me that I, too, would fall in love with her. She was already making her way into my heart. It was crazy.
“I’ll try my best,” I told her, and suddenly found myself in her arms as she hugged me one more time.
“Thank you, Marie, for doing this,” she whispered. “I can never thank you enough. I’ll always owe you my life.”
The distance between my eyebrows shrunk as I frowned. I thought she was making a huge deal of me coming to the wedding. It was my brother’s wedding after all; I wouldn’t miss it for the world.
When she pulled away again, she spoke before I could reply to her. “I’m sorry you didn’t like the dress I picked out for you. It was really the best of the best, and I wish I’d known more about what you’d prefer.” She seemed genuine about her apology, and it made me feel like poop.
I noticed that Janna was full of energy and had a very light spirit, because again before I could reply, she spoke again, “Oh, my God! Mazen looked so precious as he stood beside you. I think it’s the very first time I’ve ever seen shyness in my brother’s eyes,” she giggled.
Mazen?
Green-eyed prince?
Shyness?
Not able to reply once more, this time I was cut off by Huda whispering to us that we needed to sit down.
I can’t lie, I had no idea that something as simple as a chair could make you feel the way this throne was making me feel. It was really nice that the groom’s sister was so important like that for them.
My thoughts kept drifting to her brother and the way I felt with his closeness. I thought I was able to understand all the fuss about me then. Since they treated the bride’s brother that way, they surely treated the groom’s sister the same–that was why I was so important, right?
Women started dancing in groups as a small stage across from us was filled by no more than five women singing together in the sweetest voices. It was amazing, and I was once more disappointed I couldn’t understand any of it.
Janna took me to some of the tables and introduced me to princess after a princess, and a former queen as well. I learned it was Huda’s mother who’d given her title to her sister who was married to her brother-in-law when her husband died, the sister that was now my brother’s mother-in-law. I was confused as heck, but still made it look like as if I was getting something from what they were saying.
The queen gave me a polite smile, but didn’t say anything. I didn’t want to think of it as if she didn’t like me, but because maybe she didn’t speak English, is all.
It was confusing as to why I was to sit on a throne, while the queen sat just like anyone else at one of the tables. I didn’t think much of it; their traditions were giving me a painful headache.
After we ate wonderful food and drank amazing drinks, I noticed the women putting on their robes. I knew then that the wedding party was coming to an end. It just felt so weird that my brother had spent so little time with his bride, and seriously, it was kind of unfair.
Talking with Janna was so easy. She made it feel like it was the easiest thing in the world, by telling me that we were going to be best friends. I really liked the sound of that. I was never able to feel that pull toward some girl to become my best friend; Joseph was my best friend and all I needed. However, I knew that it was just a matter of days before I’d leave and if it wasn’t for the fact that Joseph might bring her to the US, I might not see her again at all.
I had to ask her if she was annoyed by the fact that she’d celebrated her wedding alone. She told me that she was celebrating it with every important person in her family and her friends, and later she’d have Joseph to celebrate their union for the rest of their lives.
I thought it was sweet.
I was surprised to see the doors being opened before Janna or I had a chance to put on our robes. I mean, weren’t we supposed to wear them when men were around? Wasn’t that the tradition? Everyone else was wearing one!
My surprise turned into confusion when I saw that only Joseph and Green Eyes had entered the hall, and the doors were immediately closed behind them.
They stood in the same place they had before they’d left, and then two women holding small boxes that seemed like the kind you’d put jewelry into stood beside them.
Green Eyes offered me his hand and I took it. He pulled me up so I was standing, and I noticed from the corner of my eye that Joseph did the same with Janna.
One box after another was opened, holding so much jewelry – as I’d expected – inside of them. All of it was placed on my fingers, wrists, neck, and even waist.
I felt as if the blood was going to burst out of my cheeks as my blush deepened more and more with every piece of jewelry Green Eyes put on me. I was almost covered with gold and diamonds when he was finished. Only my ring finger had yet to be filled. I appreciated the fact that he hadn’t put anything on it; it would be beyond inappropriate and just weirder than anything else. This was already weird enough.
When he was finished, one woman after another came to us and pinned my dress with a small bow that was attached to no less than a diamond.
A real diamond.
It wasn’t like I had never worn diamonds before, but I’d never even seen this amount of diamonds before in my life. They were all on me, pinned to my dress, making it so heavy that I was sure it’d be hard to walk.
I couldn’t deny that this was the most generous act I’d ever received in my whole life. I couldn’t stop smiling.
Soon, we were covered with our robes again, but this time when we left the room, it was my arm hooked with Joseph’s, not Green Eyes.
We walked a little ways, followed by Huda, who was holding the empty boxes in her hands, then we entered an elevator that carried us up two floors. Huda guided us to a door and we followed her when she entered.
We were in a foyer and then were led to huge bedroom that was open to what seemed like a living room, and in the corner was a door that I assumed led to the bathroom. All of the furniture looked magical, just like the kind you’d see in movies that were filmed in mansions or castles. Wait …
“Is this a mansion?” I asked Joseph, once Huda put the boxes on the dresser and left.
Joseph offered me a small smile, “I thought you knew, Marie; we’ve been in the king’s palace since we arrived.”
“No way!” I said. “I thought we were in a hotel or something.”
“Well, we used the back gates since the ones in the front were busy.”
I didn’t know what he meant by busy and I wasn’t going to ask. I had a more important question to ask. “Why are you with me and not with your wife?”
He sighed, “She’s not my wife yet. Soon.” He nodded. “Do you need help with those?” he asked, pointing at the diamonds around my dress.
“I’m to sleep in here?”
“Yes, Sweetie.”
I smiled, “Please.”
I went to stand by the dresser and opened one of the boxes. Joseph stood beside me and started helping me with unpinning the bows.
“You know that I love you, Marie, don’t you?” he asked when we were almost done.
I looked at his reflection in the mirror and replied, “I do.” I smiled.
“Do you love me, too?” he asked.
“Of course I do!”
Why was he asking me that?
“Marie – I, uh…”
“What is it?” Worry touched my heart at the expression on his face.
“Do you want to keep those on?” He touched the back of my necklaces.
“No, take them off,” I told him, as I started to take off the rings and bracelets as well.
I turned around when I was only in the robe over my dress and my necklace that held my cross charm. I gazed into his suddenly deeply-saddened eyes.
“Joseph?”
“Marie, there is something you need to do–” My brother was cut off by the sound of a knock before the door was opened, and an elderly man gazing at the floor entered.
“You ready?” the man asked, after saying a word in Arabic.
I looked at Joseph with confusion when he replied with a ‘yes’ then guided me to sit on the couch beside him, across from the man who was sitting in one of the armchairs.
“If you approve, please sign here, Miss Marie Archer.” the man said, as he opened the thick folder in his hands.
I looked down at the pages, but I couldn’t read anything. It wasn’t in English or French, the only two languages I could speak, but there was a small picture of me on one top corner of the page, and on the other side was a picture of – Green Eyes.
What on earth?
“Joseph?”
“Sign the papers, Marie.” His eyes glistened with unshed tears. “Please,” he begged.
“What are these about?” My voice cracked for some reason, as if I was already aware of what it was, but still not able to believe it.
“It’s your marriage contract to Janna’s brother.”


It wasn’t shock that made me stare at my brother with a gaping mouth, it was confusion. It took me several moments to register what he really said before I asked, “Marriage? Me?”
“Would you please give us five minutes, Sheikh?” Joseph asked the elderly man, who nodded and left the room, leaving the folder behind him and closing the door.
“Marie, it’s too important for you to do this. It’s a life or death decision, believe me,” Joseph pleaded.
“What do you mean, Joseph? You’re telling me I have to get married? Right now? Are you insane?” I chuckled humorlessly.
“No, I’m not insane, it’s the only solution.”
“Solution for what? You’re confusing me. What is this?”
“Listen to me, I can’t marry Janna without you marrying Mazen. It’s the law.”
“Then don’t marry her. Are you out of your mind? I don’t even know the guy, and I couldn’t care less about their stupid law!” My voice was getting louder by the second. This was so ridiculous.
“Mazen is a great guy. I would’ve never agreed to this if I didn’t know he’d treat you like a queen. Marie, just marrying him will make you a princess.”
“I don’t frigging care. I don’t want to get married, I’m only twenty-two. I don’t know the guy enough to even like him, and he’s an Arab Muslim! I’d never want to consider him as a remote relative, let alone a husband! And, you’re taking my childhood dream of being a princess way too seriously, Joseph!”
My brother left his spot on the couch and got down on his knees in front of me, his eyes begging me with everything in them to hear him out, to do what he wanted me to do. But it was just insane! I wasn’t even ready yet to seriously think about the fact that he was even suggesting it.
“Marie, I’m in love with Janna. I have to marry her, there is no other option,” he spoke in a low voice.
“Are you kidding me right now? It has nothing to do with me if you’re in love with an Arab with stupid traditions. Who do you think you are? Who gave you the right to put me into this position? Huh?”
“Listen to me,” he said forcefully, his voice as low as he could get it to be. “Janna is pregnant. It’s mine. If I don’t marry her, they’ll kill her, Marie, do you understand? They’ll kill her and consider her as if she was never born!”
I gaped at him with wide eyes, my mind trying to take in what he was saying. Janna was pregnant? It was his? They’ll kill her?
Oh, my God!
“You freaking idiot!” I punched him on the shoulder, not too hard but hard enough to let him know that I was completely upset with him and his actions. “You knocked her up? Where are your frigging manners? Mom and Dad would be so ashamed of you, I’m sure of it.”
“Marie! We don’t have time for this, you have to sign the papers.”
“I’m not signing anything, Joseph! This is your problem, not mine.” 
“How can you be so selfish? I’m telling you they’ll kill her! They could kill me as well!”
“Kill you?”
“Of course they would! Do you think they’ll let the one who caused her death go?”
“Isn’t that what I’ve been telling you, Joseph? Arabs and Muslims kill people. And you go, like the stupid man you are, and knock up one that is both!”
“We have no time for this,” he said again, so impatiently this time.
“Why do I have to marry her brother, anyway? Is everyone here married to each other’s brothers and sisters?”
“They have to take blood for blood,” he said, matter-of-factly.
“Blood for blood? What do you mean? Isn’t that when you kill somebody? Oh, my God! You took someone’s blood?”
“Not the blood you think, Marie. I, uh, I took her virginity.”
My eyebrows were furrowed for just a moment after he spoke, before they shot up to my hairline when I understood what he meant.
“You freaking jerk! How could you? How could you?” I punched him with both of my fists on his chest as he knelt in front of me and took it all with his head hanged down, a look of regret and sorrow covering his entire face.
He should be more than sorry.
“Sign the papers,” he said after he reached behind himself, took the folder off the table, and handed it to me.
“I’m not signing anything. You’re delusional!” I jerked the folder away, shoving it into his chest and resting my back on the back of the sofa, folding my arms over my chest and looking down at him with disgust pouring out of my eyes.
Minutes passed as we stayed frozen like we were. The only sound around us was our frustrated, if not slow, breaths, along with the fading music coming from outside with the strange noises the women kept on making every once in a while.
Finally, Joseph stood up, then looked down at me and glared. He seriously had the nerve to glare at me when it should be me doing all of the glaring. Not like I wasn’t glaring back or anything, because God knows I was doing it pretty well.
Suddenly, Joseph shoved his hand down into his pocket at the same moment his other hand fisted my hair and yanked it back, hard.
The next thing I knew was the feel of cold metal pressed to my temple, then a click so close to my ear that my sudden fear of it made the sound almost painful.
A gun.
My brother had a gun pressed into my head, and he was ready to pull the trigger. To kill me. His sister.
“Joseph!” I gasped.
“I’ve been begging the fuck out of you to sign the fucking papers for the last fifteen minutes, but no way, you’re so fucking full of yourself that you won’t even consider saving the life of an innocent girl whose only mistake was falling in love with me.”
My eyes widened even more at the tone and the curses my brother was using, a tone I’d never heard in his voice before in my whole life, let alone directed at me–me, of all people. My heart was pounding so hard against my chest that I was so sure it was going to burst out soon. My throat tightened as the tears choked me before falling out of my eyes. I was drowning in disbelief.
“And better yet, you’re refusing a fucking prince, someone who will be the next king for this fucking kingdom. He has the money and the power as well as noble blood, but no, you think you’re way better than this. You’re so fucking selfish, Marie. I can’t even find a word for your selfishness!”
“I’m selfish?” I whispered the question through my tears. “And what do you call the one who’s pointing a gun at his sibling here? Who’s the selfish one here? Me or you? Who promised his sister to someone who’s everything she’s loathed her whole life just so he can marry the one he loves?”
“It’s not about love, Marie, don’t you get it? I could live with a broken heart, but not with her blood on my hands!”
I replied with more tears as I kept my eyes tightly closed. I couldn’t look at his face, the thing he had in his eyes was something I wished I would never see again. I wasn’t even able to stand being close to him when he looked down at me like that.
“Sign the papers, Marie.”
“Joseph, please.”
“Sign the fucking papers, you selfish bitch!” he yelled at me.
I think in that moment, a part of my soul died at hearing his words. Joseph had never, ever called me a name, never. And hearing him saying that...it broke me.
I couldn’t believe my own ears, couldn’t believe I was actually awake; this was a horrible dream, a nightmare.
With a shaking hand, I picked up the folder and the pen off of the floor, searching for the blank spot where the man had motioned for me to sign it, and did just that.
I signed my name on five copies of the same contract, each holding my picture and the prince’s.
I signed the papers that sold my soul to the devil.
I then was instructed by him to press my ink-smudged thumb to the edge of my picture and the start of the paper.
My brother came behind me with the gun still pressed to the back of my head and called for the elderly man to come in, the man said it was not acceptable that I signed before he got to ask me if I agreed. Like that would matter. He then asked me if I approved on marrying Prince Mazen, and Joseph pressed the gun hidden in my hair and between us closer to my head.
I nodded.
“Please, speak loud, Benty,”
“I—do,” the broken plea was out of my mouth as I spoke the words.
When I was done, and the man left, Joseph moved the gun away from my head and let go of my hair. I could see from the corner of my eye as he put it back in his pocket. He then knelt in front of me again and took my shaking hands in his.
“Thank you, Marie. I’ll always owe you, for the rest of my life.”
His words brought back Janna’s almost-same words into my mind. Did she know about this? Of course she did. But the real question was: did she know I was being forced right now to give up my life for hers?
I didn’t know …



By the time Joseph left the room and closed the door behind him, I was crying hysterically. I fell on my side on the couch and cried my eyes out, holding my cross next to my heart for dear life, begging God for mercy, to give me the strength to withstand my brother’s betrayal.
I couldn’t believe Joseph would really do this. And to me of all people? What was going on in the world? What kind of world is this anyway?
Oh, my God!
I couldn’t register the fact that I had just celebrated my wedding. I had just celebrated my wedding with people I didn’t even know! How could I be so stupid? How come I didn’t pick up on all of the signs that it was my own wedding party along with my brother’s?
They gave me all of those diamonds, just like they gave them to Janna. The prince put all of those jewels on me, just like Joseph did with her. My arm was hooked in his as we walked to the hall. Just like our siblings.
They wanted me to wear a wedding dress. A freaking wedding dress. Huda said it was a tradition. Of course it was. The bride should wear a huge, white wedding dress, not a silver one like the one I was wearing!
A tradition.
Oh, my God! She said I had to wax as well? Why did they want me to wax? Was it for the fact that I’d be sleeping with the prince soon? Tonight?
Oh, God! I’d never let that pig touch me!
I shot up into standing position like the couch was on fire and looked around, finally really taking the room in. The sheets on the bed were white with red rosebuds all over them, shaped like a giant heart.
God! Oh, God!
I felt a bit lightheaded as I imagined myself on that bed doing what they expected me to do.
I ran to stand next to the bed where I saw colored lights coming from a window on the wall beside it. I looked closely, searching for a way to escape from that window but found none since it was blocked by iron bars from the outside.
With hurried steps, I made my way to the door in the corner of the room, which turned out to be a bathroom, just like I had expected – a freakishly huge one, at that. I looked all over the bathroom for any sort of an exit but all of my efforts to find one came out fruitless.
My hands came to my collar and I yanked the button that held my robe together over my body and let it fall to the floor; it was choking me. I gripped the same hair that my brother had just let go of not ten minutes earlier and groaned in frustration, my tears out of my control.
That was it. There was no way out for me. No way at all.
My eyes caught my reflection in the mirror and I didn’t like what I saw. It was a sad girl with black tears running down her cheeks and a broken heart caused by her brother’s unfaithfulness.
In my frustrated state, I didn’t realize I had picked up a bottle of lotion from the counter and smashed the mirror with it until I saw the shattered pieces flying down to the floor.
Once I saw those broken pieces, a thought crept into my mind: I have to hurt the prince. There was no other way. I’d give up my own life before I gave up my body to him.



After I washed my face and ran a brush through my hair, I sat on the edge of the bed, waiting for him.
I had a sharp piece of the mirror in my hand, holding it securely but carefully, so as to not let it dig into my skin, hiding it with the robe I’d put on once again. I had no idea what I was going to do, other than I was going to protect myself with it. There was no way I wasn’t going to fight him; if it came down to it, and he wouldn’t be threatened, then I’d just have to hurt him, and I’d run away when he went down. Once again, I didn’t know what I was going to do once I left this room, but at least I’d be out of it.
God will help me.
As expected, I heard a knock, and immediately my heartbeat sped up. The door was opened just a moment after the knock without me telling him to enter the room.
What I didn’t expect though, was that it wasn’t a him by the door, but a woman wearing black clothes, who looked to be in her late thirties or a bit older. She entered the room and closed the door behind her.
“Princess Marie,” she said, and bowed her head in a sort of nod.
Princess. I’m a princess now. And not even slightly happy about it.
“I am Mona, your servant. Is there is anything I can help you with?” she asked with a heavy accent, but in perfect English nonetheless.
Servant.
I wanted to break the news to her, telling her that she’d be without a job soon, but held my tongue.
I shook my head.
“I can help you change your clothes, Princess.”
“I’m fine,” I said firmly.
“As you wish, Princess. Prince Mazen will be here shortly.”
Hallelujah!
“If you need anything, just call my name,” she said with a soft smile before leaving.
I held my breath as I kept staring at the door, waiting for it to be opened and reveal my never-going-to-be husband.
My heart started thumping again in my chest when I saw the knob turning, and the stupid door being opened again.
The prince entered the room in all of his royal, handsome glory. I swallowed thickly as I watched him close the door, then lock it.
God! Oh, God!
He flashed me a crooked smile that I was so sure had dropped many panties before, but it wasn’t going to work with mine. Not tonight.
The prince came closer to me and my breath hitched as he made his way to the bed where I was sitting.
My husband.
He was my husband and I’d yet to hear one word out of his mouth.
How sad was that?
Once he was standing right in front of me, he reached for me with his hand. I tried my best not to flinch as it came closer to my body, clutching the broken piece of glass in my own hand under the robe.
He kept his hand in the air and I stared at it. He wanted me to put my hand in his, but I wasn’t so sure I wanted to do that.
“Princess,” he said, his voice softer than velvet – the first word I’d ever heard from him. A word that sent shivers down my spine.
I found my hand reaching for his without any effort from me. Looking up into his face when I was finally on my feet, I found him still smiling that dazzling smile of his. He was even more handsome than an hour ago if that was possible. I found myself wondering how I’d feel about him if he wasn’t what he was, if he was something else, instead of everything I despised. I could imagine myself easily falling for him, and I was the one who never fell for anybody.
They were crazy, the emotions inside me; it was crazy.
And not fair.
His other hand came up to my face and he brushed a wayward lock of hair out of my face. For some unknown reason, I found my eyes burning with my unshed tears, tears I had no idea why they were there in the first place.
“You’re such a beauty,” he said in a low voice, genuine admiration in his voice.
For a moment, I felt bad. Maybe he was nice after all, but – no way– I wasn’t going to fall into his trap; it was only a mask, I knew it.
“My beautiful bride,” he whispered. The thumb of the hand that was now touching my jaw made a soft brush over my cheek, close to my mouth, before his eyes left my own to focus on my lips.
I knew what was to come then. He wanted to kiss me. Well, he could dream as much as he wanted, but it wasn’t going to be anything other than that – a dream.
“Isn’t that uncomfortable?” He motioned with his eyes to my robe. His English was flawless; you could easily mistake him for a native English speaker, though he had a British accent. His hand that was touching my face made it to my collar and he fingered the slit that held the button in place, his eyes searching mine for permission to go on, really going on when I closed mine, refusing to meet his. Maybe he considered it just bashfulness, but it was nothing but me gathering the will to do what I wanted to do.
Once my robe fell to the floor, I raised my hand that held the blade-like piece and attempted to hurt the hand that was once more touching my neck. But before I was even close enough, his hand held my wrist and squeezed, tightly.
“What the hell?” He looked at my hand that he held firmly in his with wide eyes and shock dominating his beautiful features.
“Let go of me,’’ I screamed, tears streaming down my face. “Let go of me, you animal, I’ll never be yours, never! Over my dead body!”
The prince’s eyes widened even more at the sound of my words. It took him a few moments as he kept staring into my eyes, bright green into clear blue, confusion-filled into anger-consumed, before his other hand let go of my hand that he’d been holding all along. He yanked the broken piece out of my hand that he was gripping strongly, and threw it away then let go of both of my hands.
“Why did you agree to the marriage?” he said in a low-but-firm voice.
“I never agreed to this, my brother forced me, don’t you get it? I’d rather be dead and buried than be touched by your filthy Arabian hands!”
I thought anger would be the thing I’d see in his eyes when he heard what I’d said, but anger didn’t come until later. It was hurt that filled his eyes. Hurt.
I felt a slight tingle in my chest, right where my heart beat and my blood pumped out to my body. Something stung inside me when I saw him looking so wounded in front of me. I had no idea what that feeling was. I had no idea why would I feel that way for a perfect stranger, someone I would never like to even be seen with, at that.
The prince walked away from me, leaving me standing right in front of the bed, and then he sat down in one of the armchairs across from me.
I watched him as he dropped his head and buried it in his hands, his form screaming: broken. I hated that he looked like that. I hated that I was the reason for it. I hated that I hated it. I knew I shouldn’t care, but I did.
A few minutes later, I sat down on the edge of the bed again, watching him as he sat with his shoulders hunched and his head bent down. I would’ve given up an arm to know what he was thinking at that moment.
I didn’t know what would I do from there, or what the prince would do after learning I didn’t want him, and it was – scary.
Minutes passed, and stretched into hours, hours passed as we sat like that, hardly ever moving. The music silenced at some point during the night, and the darkness faded and turned into the bright light of the morning shinning from the side window.
It was a knock on the door that made me aware of how scared I was, because I gasped loudly when I heard it, even though it wasn’t that strong of a knock, but a very soft one.
The prince stood up and went to the door, saying a word in Arabic that I didn’t understand. Mona replied with her name then he asked her something that she responded to in a quiet voice. His head turned in my direction and I saw anger flashing in his eyes as his nostrils flared, then he replied to her without moving his eyes away from mine.
The next thing I knew, he was taking off the thing on his head and setting it on the armchair. For a moment, I was mesmerized by his hair that I was seeing for the first time, a dark brown mess of locks that went in every direction when he released it from under that cover, locks that appeared to be so soft that my fingertips stupidly wanted to touch.
I woke up from my dazzled mind when he started unbuttoning the thawb he was wearing. Fear consumed me and filled every cell of my body as I saw him take it off and throw it to the floor as he took a step closer.
Wearing only a white wife-beater and white pants, he made his way to a huge serving dish of fruits that was placed beside a vase of roses on a round table in the middle of the room.
My eyes widened as I saw him take the knife that lay beside the fruit dish on the table. He took the few steps to where I was now standing by the edge of the bed, anger coming off of him in strong waves.
He’s going to kill me!
Oh, my God! I’m going to die. I’m going to die.


“No, no!” I shook my head frantically. “Please, don’t! No!” I begged.
When he was only an inch away I gripped his hand that held the knife, wanting to move it away from me, but he was so much stronger than me that I was barely able to move his hand.
I was just about to scream, when he placed his other hand over my mouth. I stumbled and fell to the bed, forcing him down with me.
Tears were pouring out of my eyes as I screamed into his hand and begged with my heart for God to make him let go of me. I didn’t want to die.
My heart almost stopped as he brought the knife near my face, and I was about to bite his hand when I saw that the knife didn’t stop when it was near me. Instead, it kept moving up until it was on the shoulder of the hand that was over my mouth.
My kicks stilled and my screams stopped, and my fear was replaced by confusion and shock as I watched him placing the blade on his shoulder, his eyes never leaving mine. He didn’t hiss or even flinch when the blade broke the skin where he pressed on it, blood escaping his freshly-cut wound.
With hate and venom lacing his voice he told me, “Don’t you even, for a split second, think that I’m interested in a filthy American who spreads her legs for the first man who takes her out for dinner.”
I wasn’t sure if the shock that was filling me had anything to do with the fact that he said he wasn’t interested in me in any way, that he had called me a filthy American, or the fact that he accused me of sleeping with the first guy who’d offer me dinner. I only knew that I was too shocked to move at all. I was like a limp noodle; I didn’t react with any objection when he pulled me up to my feet.
I think I was just grateful that I wasn’t dead. Yet.
Red rosebuds flew everywhere and all over the bed, as he yanked the bed sheets up and fisted them in his hand. He then brought them up to his shoulder and patted his wound a few times until he was satisfied with the smudge of blood that had now formed on the white sheets, and walked back to the door – but not before shooting me a disgusted look.
He opened the door just a little and gave the sheets to whom I assumed to be Mona, making sure that his wound was hidden behind the door as he stood by it.
I was beyond confused by the act. Why would he cut his arm that way to put blood on the sheets? Why was he asked to give over a sheet that had blood on it, anyway?
Then Joseph’s words came to my mind: ‘Blood for blood.’
It was virgin blood that was supposed to be on those sheets. He wanted to make them believe that the blood was just that. He had hurt himself to make them believe it was my virginity!
But, why? Why didn’t he just tell them the truth? Why would he want to cover up what really happened by lying to his family?
Lots of questions roamed around inside my head, but my thoughts were interrupted by the prince going into the bathroom and slamming the door shut behind him.
I glanced back at the door to the room, the thought of opening it and just running seemed so sweet in my mind, but I knew someone could be out there. I didn’t want to risk being caught without even beginning to really escape.
The prince came out of the bathroom, his wound now covered with a white bandage, his wife-beater gone. I had no idea why I looked at his chest, his tight muscles and perfect eight-pack abs. I swallowed thickly as I watched him moving around the room, a strange sensation going through me. Again, I wanted to believe it was fear, but I knew I couldn’t lie to myself about it for too long. It was a new feeling I wasn’t familiar with, and I had no idea if I really wanted to know what it was or not.
He put his thawb on and left the room without even glancing my way, the head thing in his hand.
I hadn’t noticed that I had been holding my breath, but when I heard the door being shut after him, I let out a big amount of air in a sigh of … relief, maybe.
Not a minute later, and before I could move an inch from my spot, the door was opened again after a knock, though I hadn’t given permission to its owner to come in.
Mona entered the room with a little box in her hand. She took one look at me and gasped, “Princess! You didn’t have to wear your dress again, all you had to do was just call my name.”
Maybe I was still shocked into not speaking after what the prince had said and done, because I didn’t reply. After a moment of silence she spoke again, “I’ll prepare the bath for you.”



“Uh, why the water is brown?” I asked as I looked with disgust at the tub filled with unclear water and no soap in it at all, not even a few bubbles.
“It’s herbs, Princess. It’ll help you relax your muscles and remove any soreness you might be feeling,” she explained.
Soreness?
Why would she thinks I’m so-
Oh!
I hopped into the tub, not very comfortable that I was naked in front of a stranger, but I noticed that she was avoiding looking at me until my body was completely under the water.
True to her words, the tension was leaving my body more and more as the minutes passed. It was very relaxing, especially since the ugly-looking herbs, surprisingly, smelled really good.
After the bath, I found that Mona had set out clothes for me. It was some sort of a dress but not really a dress; the end of it reached the floor and it was decorated in a way that was really breathtaking. It was love at first sight between me and the dress, as the golden color lining the dark red was just perfect. However, I still asked for my own clothes. I wasn’t going to wear them since I really liked the dress, but I still wanted to know where they were and why I wasn’t to wear them or pick out my own clothes.
“Just for the week, Princess. It’s a tradition,” Mona replied.
Well, I’m not staying here for the week, my dear. I’m flying home really soon.
The cloth felt wonderful against my skin, so soft despite all of the decorations on the front and the back; it was amazing.
I had to convince Mona that I could do my hair by myself, because she made a big deal out of it, saying it’d be disrespectful of her to let me do it myself, whatever that meant.
“Queen Shams will be with you shortly, Princess.”
“Okay,” I replied. “Wait, what?”
“Uh, the queen? A very short visit,” she nodded.
“Why is she visiting me?”
The prince told her!
Oh, my God!
She knows the blood is not mine and she’s coming to kill me! God! Oh, God!
“Tradition, Princess.” And she was gone.
It was a tradition for the queen to kill the new princess the day after the wedding?



“How are you doing, Benty?” Queen Shams asked once she was seated in the armchair.
“Uh, I’m doing fine, thank you,” I said hesitantly as I eyed the box beside her, wondering if it had a weapon inside it.
She speaks English after all …
I tried not to think about the fact that she didn’t talk to me last night at the wedding, or the fact that I didn’t like the way she was looking at me.
“Glad to hear it,” she said, her voice not really giving away the reassurance that her words were.
We went into a very awkward silence, which I didn’t like just as much as I didn’t like her stare. There was something about that woman I just couldn’t bear. She was sending me huge waves of negative energy that were too much for my liking.
Our minutes of silence were over the second she huffed and shook her head. I frowned at her behavior but still said nothing. She then reached for the box that she’d brought with her and laid on the table in front of us, the same table I had signed my misery on, and stood up.
“This is for you,” she said as she looked down at me, her face blank.
I stood up, carefully taking the square-shaped box from her hand.
“Uh, thank you, Queen Shams,” I said politely.
“Mother,” she said, and I frowned at what ‘Mother’ meant, confused as to why she’d said that, then realizing right away that she meant for me to call her that. My eyes widened slightly. I knew in my heart that I’d never call anyone other than my own mother that name, let alone that woman standing in front of me.
I forced a smile, but that was all she was getting from me as a reply. She raised an eyebrow and I pretended to be busy admiring the box.
“Can I open it?” I asked, trying to change the subject.
A nod.
My eyes widened once again, but for a completely different reason. Laid upon the silk that filled the inside of the box was a necklace, designed to sit only on the collarbone, decorated with at least a hundred gemstones or so all over it, shaped into roses. Large and small diamond gemstones.
“Wow! This is for me?”
“I’ve already said it is.”
“Uh, thank you.”
“Put it on.”
I didn’t feel like putting it on while she stood there, but didn’t want to get into an argument with her. I thought it wouldn’t really hurt me if I did as she requested, so I did.
“I think it’d look better if you removed that...thing.” She pointed with her finger and a disgusted look to my necklace.
My hand flew to my cross, holding it in my hand protectively. It felt like she was going to take it away from me, even though I was so sure she wouldn’t dare do so. But then again, I didn’t know her and knew nothing of her personality. I only knew that what I had seen so far was very unlikable.
“Uh, I don’t ever take it off,” I said matter-of-factly.
“Hmm,” she hummed. “Listen, Yabent,” she started with a cold gaze and an undeniable sneer, “Mazen is a very good man; he’s kindhearted and more than nice. He deserves the best, and even more.” She eyed my hand that was still holding my cross with disgust before looking back into my eyes. “I’ll do anything in my power to prevent that kind heart from being hurt. Anything.”
I gazed at her with shock. Her words weren’t hurtful, per se, but it didn’t mean that those words weren’t full of what seemed like a warning.
“I would’ve really loved for my only child to marry someone who knows how to treat her husband well, someone who knows her duties towards her husband, his rights over her and how to make him happy,” she paused. “Someone who’s a Muslim.”
Wow!
Now it wasn’t only a warning that laced her words, it was also hatred. Plain and simple.
“But, we can’t really always have what we want, can we?” she said with a shake of her head. “However, we do know how to accept what fate has forced on us.”
Is she speaking about me or herself?
Hello! I was the one forced into this here!
“If you ever hurt Mazen in any way, I’ll make sure to make you regret it.”
And then she left. Leaving me standing right where I was, too shocked to speak or even move.
Guess my queen/mother-in-law doesn’t like me, after all.
How much I would like to tell her that the feeling is so mutual. To her and everyone else in this stupid kingdom.
God!



I put the box with the other boxes from yesterday, determined to leave them behind when I finally leave this hell-hole and never look back. It was really nice, but all of those diamonds didn’t belong to me. I wasn’t the prince’s bride, nor would I ever be.
Mona came in after a few minutes with breakfast, and the prince arrived before she’d left the room. He told her something in Arabic, which she responded to with a nod and left the room.
I gazed at the prince as he stood beside the door. His angry stare was no longer there; it was replaced by a blank expression, so I couldn’t read him – yet again.
For some reason, I couldn’t take my eyes off of him. It was like I was waiting for something, only I didn’t know what it was. I didn’t wonder for long, since my thoughts were interrupted the second his soft voice filled the silence.
“We need to talk.”


I held my breath at his words. I had no idea what he would tell me, ask from me, or what that would be about. I didn’t know anything. I dreamed of him letting me go. But I knew he wouldn’t. He’d probably keep me in here and torture me to death. His kind could be sadistic like that – no surprise.
I eyed him for a moment, trying to discover his hidden intentions, to hear his silent thoughts, to see the future. But nothing worked; I couldn’t read his mind.
I won’t lie, I was scared, so scared. Not knowing anything was not very pleasant.
I felt so lonely, in a country that wasn’t my own, with people who didn’t speak my language, and believed in a religion that wasn’t mine. No family, no friends, nobody I knew. My only family had betrayed me, then went on with his life like nothing had happened. I didn’t have any clue if he was still anywhere around. I didn’t know anything. At all.
My nose tingled as the threat of tears falling down my face came to me. I fought it, but my vision blurred, and I knew he could see the shining in my eyes. I hated it, I didn’t want him to see me weak. I wasn’t weak. But I was helpless. I didn’t know if that was a weakness. I didn’t know anything. At all.
He motioned for me to sit on the couch, and I hesitantly did. He then sat in the same chair his mother had just left. I folded my arms in front of my chest protectively, my eyes lowered, looking anywhere but into his eyes, waiting for what he would say. My heart was pounding in my chest violently, and the fear inside me left my mouth drier than a fallen leaf in autumn.
I heard him sighing, and I had to look up; he seemed bitter, depressed, and sad. But he wasn’t angry or mad, and for that, I was grateful. I only hoped that it wasn’t an act.
“Before anything,” he started, “I need to– … What I said earlier, I shouldn’t have said it. It was uncalled for.”
My eyes widened slightly at what he said; I hadn’t expected him to apologize to me. His voice sounded genuine, and he seemed to be honest in what he was saying, but … it was hard to believe. My mind was telling me that he couldn’t be.
I didn’t reply, I only chewed on my bottom lip, not even nodding in acceptance of his apology when he said: “So, I apologize.” And when I didn’t say anything, he went on.
“I was never in favor of this except for my sister,” he said. “Janna is too important to me, and the thought of her being killed was something I couldn’t accept – no matter what. Our traditions judge her to be killed, to pay for her mistake with her life, and any way to prevent that from happening – I was willing to take, even if it meant me paying with my own life for hers.”
My shoulders hunched forward.
To be honest, I was moved by his words. The love he had for his sister, and his willingness to do whatever it would take to save her life, was so touching. A wave of sadness washed over me at the realization of how the prince was a better brother than mine. He would’ve given up his life for his sister to save her, while my brother gave up my life to save his own along with his girlfriend’s.
My heart swelled and a tear escaped my eye. Fingertips got rid of it right away before it could be acknowledged by him. I still wanted to appear strong even though I knew that my body language said I was anything but. Broken would be more apt.
“Honestly, I have no idea what I would’ve done if your brother didn’t have a sister to offer, but I would’ve found a way to save my sister nonetheless,” he told me. “Had I known you were not accepting of this marriage, I would’ve never agreed to it.”
“You wouldn’t?” I whispered my question, shock lacing my voice.
“Of course I wouldn’t, it is unacceptable on so many levels.”
I looked down again – what I felt in that moment was too much. Too much. It was the moment that removed any doubt in my heart that my brother had done all of that because there was no other choice. I couldn’t deny that part of my heart, the heart that loved him with everything in it, wanted to believe that he was helpless and this was really his only choice. Maybe it really was his only choice, but if he’d worked on finding another – I was sure he would’ve found one. The prince said he would’ve found a way, so why couldn’t Joseph?
It killed me to know for sure that all of this really was my brother’s doing.
My tears rolled down my cheeks. I couldn’t find it in me to brush them away; there was no need to. My firm determination to appear strong faded into thin air, along with my last hope of learning that my brother cared for me and that there was more to the story.
There was no more to the story. Joseph had sold me out. Simply. Just like that.
“I couldn’t believe that Yoseph’s sister would be willing to leave her country, her life, and her people to come and live a life she wasn’t familiar with, but he convinced me that you were even excited to be married to a prince,” he chuckled humorlessly.
I replied to him with more tears.
“Your brother fooled me.”
“That makes two of us,” I told him.
He looked at me for a moment before nodding, his lips forming a thin line as he pressed them together. He then got up and went to a nightstand that was beside the bed, coming back with a box of tissues and handing it to me, not saying anything when I took it from him before he sat back in his armchair.
It was then that it occurred to me that I still hadn’t offered the prince any sort of apology for what I’d said last night. After all, he only said what he’d said when I called him an animal and a filthy Arab. It was only fair that I said I was sorry as well. I did wound his pride – that was what was uncalled for. He didn’t know about me being forced into this, he had no hand in it, and so far, he was being nice – it was all an act, of course, but still …
However, before I was able to say anything a thought came to my mind, a hope to be more clear. I wondered if he would let me get a divorce now? I mean, that’s what was supposed to happen, right? I was forced into it, and he wasn’t into this except to save his sister, and now that she was married and no damage had been done – to her – there was no need for us to stay married.
“Will we get a divorce now?” I asked hopefully.
“Is that what you want?” A look I couldn’t decipher shone in his eyes.
Duh!
“Yes,” I replied. I wanted to say ‘Of course’ or ‘Are you kidding?’ but I didn’t want to offend him anymore than I already had.
He was silent for a moment, then he replied with a nod. “Eventually, yes.”
“Eventually?” I asked in confusion, not knowing what he meant by that.
“Yes, eventually,” he replied. “We can’t get a divorce now; it’d raise too many questions that we are better off without.”
“What kind of questions? Who would ask?”
“It’s hard to explain, you don’t know of our traditions.”
Traditions! Again!
“Try me.” I was losing my patience.
He sighed. “People will wonder why would you come from the other side of the world to marry me, only to be divorced the next day, don’t you think? We can’t let the rumors start. I’m a prince, and all of the royal family has to be held to a high standard. I can’t let anyone wonder if my family forced you into this. We’re already dealing with a lot since I had to cancel my own marriage for this one, and with my sister marrying a foreigner instead of keeping the royal bloodline going. If they knew you were forced, and given that Janna married your brother so quickly, it’d raise ugly questions about why there was such a hurry, and if their marriage had anything to do with your company offering prosperity to our country, like we let them think. It could lead to her death all over again, and that is not an option.”
My head was spinning with everything he was telling me. I couldn’t think of any one thing in all he was saying, there was so much to think about. So much!
The rumors.
Royal family.
Prince.
Canceled a wedding.
Royal bloodline.
Janna’s marriage.
Our company.
Her death.
Wait …
“You were engaged to another woman?” I asked.
“Kind of, yes.”
“What do you mean by ‘Kind of’ – you’re engaged or you aren’t, which were you?”
“It’s complicated,” he said. I folded my arms in front of my chest once more and crossed my legs, huffing.
“I have a very high IQ.” I raised an eyebrow, waiting for him to explain.
The prince adjusted himself in the chair and then sighed, shaking his head. “Here with royalty and the passing of the title of king, it’s different than what you see in other countries.”
“How?”
“Kings don’t always pass it to their sons; sometimes they pass it to their brothers,” he said.
I knew about that – Huda had explained to me that her father was the king before he died, and it wasn’t passed on to one of her brothers since they were all still young.
“Because the sons could be young, yeah, I understand,” I told him.
“Not just because of their age, but also if they don’t have an heir.”
Oh!
“I see. But, what does that have to do with you being ‘kind of’ engaged?”
“Well, my father’s younger brother is the next potential king if things get to it, and it’s for all of our benefits if we marry our cousins.”
Excuse me?
“I’m sorry? Your cousins?”
“Yes, it’s not forbidden in my religion to marry your cousin.”
Oh!
And…Eww!
“That uncle of mine has a daughter named Talia. She’s appropriate for me to marry, her age I mean, and it’s an unspoken rule for us to get married.”
“Hmm…And what kind of benefits would you get from marrying each other?” I asked.
“If I become the next king, it’d mean that her son could be the next king along with her being the queen. If her father becomes the next king, it would mean that I’ll still rule a state for the rest of my life. It’s better than just having the title of being a prince.”
“That’s complicated,” I said.
He raised his eyebrows as if to say ‘Didn’t I tell you that?’ but said nothing.
“Marrying me … your chance of ruling is lower now, isn’t it?” I asked. I’d never give him an heir, but before anything, I wasn’t royal to keep him ruling a state.
He nodded with thin lips again. “I told you I’d do anything for my sister.”
It was my turn to nod. “It’s uh, …really kind of you,” I stated.
“I didn’t do it out of kindness.”
I nodded again in understanding, and then we lapsed into a few moments of silence before I asked, “Were you in love with her?” The question was going to choke me to death if I didn’t ask it, though my need to know the answer was a mystery to me.
The prince locked his eyes with mine for a second before he stood up and walked to the round table in the middle of the room, his fingers touched the flowers in the vase that was sitting on it, his back to me when he answered.
“I’d like to keep the answer to myself,” he said with his eyes on the flowers.
I chewed on my bottom lip some more. The answer was clear, he was in love with her, could still be, who knew.
I stood up and took a step towards him. “How long is ‘eventually’?” I asked him. I understood his reasons for wanting to wait, but honestly, I sort of didn’t care. It was their own drama and their own foolish rules that put them in this situation in the first place. Plus, if he divorced me soon, he could marry another and have that heir like he wanted, right? It’d be a win-win deal.
My chest tingled for some unidentified reason at the thought of him marrying another. I was lost as to what it could mean, but figured it might be something along the lines of hope or happiness.
Maybe …
I decided that escaping and fighting would mean more stress for me, and given how protected the women were in this country, I knew it would be near to impossible to get away from this palace, let alone the whole country. So I had to go along with what he saw as better for the both of us, even though my better would only come when I’m far, far away from this hell-hole.
“I’m not sure,” he said after he turned to face me. “We have to wait a decent amount of time before it seems like we’re struggling, then some time trying, then we can get the divorce without any problem.”
God!
“How long would this take?” I asked impatiently.
“A year, maybe.” He shrugged.
What. The. Heck?
“You’re not being serious, are you?” I asked with wide eyes.
“I think it’d be believable this way.”
“No way. Too long!”
“Eight months,” he huffed.
“One month.”
“Are you being serious? That’s not long enough at all.”
“Three.”
“Six months, no less.”
Too frigging long!
There was no way I was going to go along with this.
“Fine, I agree.” I lied.
“Good. And thank you.” he said. “Is there anything you need?”
“Yes.”
“Anything.” He offered.
“My things, I left them in that room we first settled in,” I told him.
“Clothes are what you need? I think there are enough clothes in here for you.”
“I still want my own. I need my cellphone and laptop, as well.”
He shook his head. “I can’t bring you those.”
“Why the heck not?”
“We’re supposed to be on our honeymoon, remember? It’s a tradition for the newlywed couple to spend the first seven days together, doing nothing else but…er, getting to know each other. I can’t bring you those and let everyone in the palace wonder why you need them so much, for them to take you away from your husband in your first days together.”
“You’re a prince, you can skip this one tradition, no one will care,” I tried.
“My family and I have to be role models. I should follow the rules more than anyone. I don’t make them, nor my father–the king– we only obey.”
“Okay, just give me my cellphone, please.”
“Do you see my cellphone with me?” he asked, hands flying in the air on both sides. “I’m not happy with it, either, trust me.”
“This is ridiculous,” I said in frustration, my arms flying in the air.
He seemed offended by my statement, but didn’t say anything about it. He only said something else that made me even more confused.
“I’d appreciate it if this stayed between the two of us.”
“Why is that?”
“Let’s just say that, other than how word would spread like a forest fire, things would get really ugly if my mother found out.” Why am I not surprised by this? “I would also prefer if my sister didn’t learn what a jerk she just got married to.”
She didn’t know …
“Okay.”
Escaping the first chance I got was my goal.


“What on earth am I going to do in this room for seven days? I’m going to be bored out of my mind!” I groaned in frustration.
“Sex,” the prince said.
WHAT?
“Excuse me?” I asked with wide eyes, disbelief filling my voice. I wondered if he was out of his mind himself or had suddenly gone crazy. I mean, he’d seemed okay just a minute ago and was talking somewhat reasonably. But now? Not so much.
Oh, my God! I thought…I thought we’d made it clear we are not interested in each other. I thought we’d be starting our faking now. He didn’t really think we’d go that far in faking!
“Sexy days,” he replied.
“Sexy days? What do you mean by ‘sexy days’? We can’t have sex. I won’t have sex with you. I thought we just talked about how this was all a mistake! I can’t do that, I can’t have sex with you! Please, tell me you don’t think we should!”
Oh, my God! He really doesn’t think we should start working on that heir he needs, does he?
The prince stared at me while I panicked and spoke hysterically, a frown on his face and a confused expression.
“What does ‘sexy days’ even mean?” I asked in a whisper, as I saw him taking a step in my direction. My vision blurred with tears though I had no idea why they were there at all, I was just scared.
All of the thoughts from last night and the ones I had just had two hours ago came rushing back to me–the fear, the terror…I hated it.
The prince paused after the one step, then looked at me with something I couldn’t read once again–he was so hard to read. He then took the few steps left between us and stopped only when our bodies were almost touching.
My breath was caught in my throat when he bent his head down and brought his face so close to mine. I closed my eyes, causing a sad, lonely tear to fall down my cheek when I felt his breath on my neck as he spoke near my ear.
“Six days, Princess. We have six days left, not seven. Six. S. I. X.” he said in a very soft voice.
Wha- … Oh.
Oh!
He had a small smirk on his lips when he backed away a little to look into my eyes; I had opened them once the realization of what he’d actually meant settled in. It looked as if he was trying to contain his smirk. It fell right away though, once he noticed the tear that had ended its path beside the corner of my lips.
He stared into my eyes for a moment; something strange was filling his green eyes. It was sort of sadness, mixed with sorrow, but it mostly just looked like sympathy, and then he looked away.
I hated it.
It upset me that I had earned that kind of look from him; I hated that I looked pity-worthy. And I blamed it all on my brother: the feelings I had, the terror, the fear and the shame. I was ashamed of myself for looking so weak and venerable.
But who was I kidding? I didn’t only look weak and venerable, I actually was. I was completely alone, in this room, with this perfect stranger. I was supposed to be his wife; I was his wife. He could kill me or worse, he could rape me, and I wouldn’t be able to stop him. I might say ‘no’, I might scream, might fight, but I’d always lose. He was built, taller, and much stronger than me; I had no chance against him.
I heard the prince as he cleared his throat. I wiped my cheek with the back of my hand, removing the sign of my misery. “You should eat something, you haven’t eaten since yesterday,” he said. “There are lots of food in here, and I think you might like it.” He pointed to the big, round tray that Mona had left a few moments ago on the table that was in the middle of the room beside the vase.
It was only when he said that that I noticed I was actually famished. I offered him a small smile but didn’t make any move, only bit my lip and looked around the room nervously. It felt awkward to be eating with him for some reason. I mean, wouldn’t it be so weird to just eat together like that without talking? I wouldn’t know what to talk with him about. I didn’t want to make small talk with him, anyway.
“Uh, would you like to eat in the sunroom?” he asked.
“Sunroom?” I asked in confusion. “I can leave the room today?” Hope wrapped my voice.
“Uh, technically you wouldn’t leave the room if you went to the sunroom,” he told me.
“But, there is no sunroom here!”
He frowned. “Yes, there is. Hasn’t your brother shown you aroun-” He stopped mid-sentence, then looked down and shook his head, a bitter smile on his face. “Of course, he hasn’t.”
No. He was too busy pointing a gun to my head, I thought sadly.
“Come,” he motioned for me to follow him as he walked toward the huge mirror that was next to the bed. I stood beside him and waited for whatever he wanted to show me in that mirror. I only saw our reflections.
“Uh...” Before I could say anything, the prince flipped a button that was on the wall beside the mirror, which made the line in the middle of it spread open to reveal a big room behind it.
I stepped inside unconsciously, noticing that it was a freakishly huge, enclosed sunroom.
“Wow!” I exclaimed. The room was a wide space. There was a nice table in the corner with two chairs, on the other side there was a set with a wrought iron couch and two armchairs, and at the far end, there was an elegant swing that looked so very comfortable that–for a moment–I imagined myself sitting there and having a good read.
“This is beautiful,” I said to no one, admiring the plants and roses that surrounded the place. The sunroom had windows all over it, floor to ceiling. It was brightly lit, the soft sunlight was making it even more beautiful, if that was possible. It was such a sight.
“Yes, it is,” the prince said, getting my attention back to him and making me realize that I wasn’t alone. “It’s my favorite spot in the whole palace.”
Oh!
“Was that your room before, uh-…” The thought crossed my mind, and I had to ask.
He smiled lightly. “No,” was how he started his respond. “This is new to me, too.”
I nodded, then gazed out of one of the windows after I took a few steps forward.
“I’ll go call Mona to bring breakfast in here,” he said before leaving.
Out of the windows, the view was as gorgeous as the inside of the place I was standing in. I could see a very large garden that I supposed surrounded the palace. There was a road that led to a huge gate at the end, but it seemed like quite a long walk to get there.
I sighed.
I had no idea how I was going to get out of here, but I wasn’t going to back down without even trying. Soon, I should try, once I get the chance.
“The food is getting cold.” The prince’s voice brought me once again from my thought-clouded mind. I didn’t even realize that Mona had already placed the tray on the table and left, or even that he was back and waiting.
“Yeah,” I said and made my way to the table. Everything looked delicious. The plates alone looked so good that I would’ve eaten them if I could.
“I’m going to go and take a quick shower, if you need anything, just call Mona,” he told me.
‘‘Won’t you eat something?” I found myself asking.
A small smile. “No, I’m fine,” and he left.
I huffed, suddenly not feeling so hungry, but I knew I had to eat something or I was going to faint.
The food was amazing. I didn’t know what half of the dishes were called, but it was so wonderfully good, I thought I’d never get enough.
A while later, my eyes widened as a guy entered the room; I had no idea who he was. And for a moment, I panicked. I only felt comforted once the bright green of his eyes met my blue ones.
The prince offered me one of his small smiles, but I just sat there gaping at him. He was dressed in black sweatpants and a short-sleeved white shirt. His brown hair was a mess on top of his head, but looked unbelievably organized at the same time. He looked so different than when he was wearing his thawb, like he wasn’t the same person, and, to be honest, both versions were incredibly beautiful.
I was taken aback by the fact that seeing it was him comforted me. I mean, I’d just met the guy not two days ago, and a few hours earlier, I’d held a weapon intending to hurt him.
He was still scary to me, nonetheless.
I frowned in confusion when he came to the table and dipped his yet-to-be-used fork into the honey bowl then put it down on his yet-to-be-touched plate, messing his napkin that had lain neatly on the table in front of his chair. My confusion was gone once I saw Mona stepping back into the sunroom, clearing the table and asking us if we needed something to drink. He made it look like he had eaten with me. I went for coffee and the prince asked for tea. We didn’t even have the liking-the-same-drink thing in common. Pathetic.
“Was the food okay?” he asked once Mona had left after bringing our drinks. I figured he was trying to make small talk. I wished he wouldn’t. It made me want to believe that he was a nice person. I couldn’t do that. I couldn’t believe it. It was impossible for him to be nice. He was raised to be rude and tough, I was sure of it. But pretending was something he’d been taught as well. He just did it with his servant–he pretended. Maybe that’s why he was acting like that. Maybe…
“Uh, yeah, it was really good, actually. Mona seems to be a great cook,” I replied.
“I’m glad,” he said. “Mona didn’t make it, though. It was my mother.”
I choked on my coffee when he said that and coughed a few times. If I’d known it was his mother who’d cooked, I think I would’ve thought twice about eating it. She could’ve poisoned the food or spit on it or something. I still worried she’d actually done that, but then thought that she wouldn’t do it since her son was supposed to eat with me. Or so I hoped.
“Your mother? The queen?” I asked in disbelief.
“Yes.”
“Wow!” I said. “You don’t, uh, hire cooks?” I couldn’t imagine the queen having nothing better to do.
“What? Oh, no, of course we hire cooks, but it’s a tradition for the mother-in-law to cook for the bride for a week,” he explained.
Oh!
“Even the queen?”
“I’ve told you before, Princess. We don’t make up the rules or traditions, we only obey them.”
I nodded, taking what he’d just said in. “Is that only for the royal family?”
“No, for everyone,” he said. “The bride is–how do you put it?–um, spoiled rotten during her first week of marriage. They serve her–her whole family and friends–even if she was a servant herself.”
That’s why Mona seemed offended that I did my hair by myself, I thought.
We went silent for a few moments as we both gazed out of the windows. I watched the bright sun, as it filled everywhere I could see from my spot on the chair I sat on, while the prince stood right in front of the biggest glass window and sipped his tea.
The sight was mesmerizing, there was no doubt, but I didn’t think I’d ever seen anything prettier than the birds that were flying together in the baby blue sky. It seemed like they were dancing, like they were surfing waves, going up and down, separating and then uniting once again to draw the same shape, or an even better one than they had made not moments ago.
“This is so beautiful,” I repeated the same words I had said a few times earlier. My voice was full of amazement at the magical sight in front of me.
The price looked at me over his shoulder and smiled, a small one like the rest of his smiles, and nodded when I pointed with a shrug of my chin to what I was looking at.
“I’m going to give you a tour once Mona goes to sleep, but we’ll have to be very quiet since she’s practically living here for the week,” he told me. “If you’re up to it, of course.”
My eyes widened. “The whole palace?” I couldn’t believe it; it would make my escape plan a tiny bit easier if I knew the directions and what was where.
“No, I’ve already told you we can’t leave,” he said. “I meant a tour of what will be your home for a while. Our wing.”
My shoulders hunched down. It was very disappointing. I really wanted to look around the palace and see if there was an easy way out, but alas…or, could I convince him?
“But you left this morning,” I tried.
“Yes, but that’s the only time the groom can leave his bride, so her family can see if she needs anything after her fir-…you know.” 
“So, you won’t leave the room again for the rest of the week?” I asked.
“No. Not unless it’s an emergency or something very important.”
I sighed when he said that. If he wasn’t going to leave my side, it meant that I’d have to wait for the whole week to end before I could get the chance to escape.
But, I knew I’d figure it out. I always did.
“Do you want to go inside?” His question came when I put my empty cup on the table and yawned, sleepiness poking its head out and waving at me.
“No, I’d like to stay in here for a while. You can go ahead, though,” I told him.
“Oh! You want to stay alone?”
“Yeah,” I replied. His company made me have alien feelings–some things like unease, discomfort or something like that, I didn’t know. I only knew that I wanted him far away. “Would Mona frown upon it?”
Would she go and run her tongue all over the kingdom? The question stayed in.
“Not really, I’ve already asked her not to come unless one of us calls.”
“Good.” I sat back comfortably in my chair, as he put his mug beside mine on the table. But he didn’t leave. He just stood there awkwardly, not looking at me.
“I mean,” he finally said, “It might get really cold in here.”
“I’ll be okay,” I told him, wishing he’d just leave.
He did.



Everything after that was a haze, and I remembered how sleepy I was. It had been over twenty-eight hours since the last time I’d slept. The events of the day before, the emotions, the hurt, the confusion…it all got the best of me. I felt so tired and my eyelids grew heavy. I fell fast asleep in my chair, right there in the sunroom, surrounded by green and blue, just like the prince’s eyes and mine. My last thought was of a leaf the exact shade of green as the prince’s eyes.
My head was pounding at some point. I felt as if my body was drowning in heat, burning my skin, and covering me with cold sweat.
I felt myself shaking, I felt myself talking, but I didn’t know why I was shaking or what I was saying. I only felt so tired.
I heard voices, people were speaking–two of them, maybe three–no, just two, but their language was foreign to me. I tried opening my eyes, but I couldn’t. I tried moving my hand, but it was a lost cause. So tired.
I saw things behind my closed eyelids, shadows of things I’d already seen, though some were new to me. It was like a dream. I saw my brother, he was hurting me, the prince, too. I begged them to stop it, but they didn’t.
I felt a tear falling, it burned. I felt a hand brushing it away, it soothed.
The hand was strange to me, but I came to like its touch more and even more every time it touched my face. It felt like I wanted to feel it on me to no end.
The throbbing in my head was fading away slowly. The pain was easing. The heat was waning. And when my eyelids felt lighter, I opened them.
I wasn’t in the sunroom anymore, I was in a bed I’d never slept in before. It was a bit dark in the room, and pitch black outside the window.
On the other side of me there wasn’t a window, but there was a shockingly beautiful sight. The shocking part wasn’t related to the beauty–I’d already known of that. Nor was it the fact that the prince was lying in the bed beside me–sleeping. What shocked me was the fact that I found myself comforted by his closeness, and that deep down inside me, I wondered what it’d feel like to wake up to this face every morning. Forever.


It’s human nature. When you’re starving: you eat. When you’re thirsty: you drink. When you find something really beautiful: you like to own…you touch.
It’s human nature. That was my answer, my excuse to myself when my hand moved of its own accord to touch the prince’s face—his cheek. It was the spot right under his left eye, an inch above the hairline of his stubbly beard—his cheekbone. It looked so soft, so tender, but not in an out-of-place kind of way, no, it looked perfect, even on such a strong, powerful man.
‘It’s human nature’ was the lie I told myself to avoid freaking out by admitting that I was feeling something wrong, something I shouldn’t be feeling, something that wasn’t just right. I knew I was falling into a trap that was set for me to fall in, but I was stronger than that, I shouldn’t fall, I wouldn’t fall.
‘It’s human nature’ I believed.
‘It’s nothing,’ I convinced myself.
‘Just curiosity,’ I promised.
‘Nothing is wrong,’ I lied.
There was just something about finding him sleeping so peacefully beside me that made my heart swell, a feeling of something strange snapped inside of me, and I couldn’t deny I enjoyed the sight, nor that I questioned my sanity for enjoying it. I mean, the guy was dangerous, I just knew he was. If we looked at it from a different side, it’d look like I was kidnapped, and even though he wasn’t the one to kidnap me, he still kept me trapped in here even after he knew I didn’t like it. I should fear him more, try to escape faster, not try to touch and wonder about my feelings while looking at the beauty of his features!
I was losing my mind, and I needed to get it together.
When I was pulling my hand back to where it was, I noticed something that I wasn’t aware of before: my arm was bare, and after a quick glance under the covers, I realized that I wasn’t in the clothes I was wearing earlier. I was in a night gown.
My breaths hitched, and my chest raised and fell rapidly with it. My heart beat so fast, it felt like it was going to burst out of my chest. My throat went so dry, as I was breathing mostly through my mouth and not my nose. My head was spinning, playing scenarios of the prince and what he did, along with how I was put on that gown, that were too racy for my liking, all of the scenes in my head were bad, ugly, and it made the tears tingle in my eyes.
I sat up quickly, my head spinning even more at my sudden movement, holding the thin cover that was already over my body up to my neck, fear consuming my every thought.
The mattress shifting underneath me must’ve woken the prince up, because at the very next second he sat up on the bed, too, and faced me. When my panicked eyes moved to meet his, I saw relief filling them.
“You’re awake! Alhamdulilah! Alhamdulilah!” he said.
I gripped the cover tighter to my chest, “What did you do to me?” I choked out, tears streaming down my cheeks, terror filling my heart.
Did he drug me?
Did he undress me?
Did he rape me?
God! Oh, God!
I felt dizzy, sick to my stomach, aching in my chest. I was so scared, so, so scared.
“What?”
“What did you do to me?” My voice was broken, heart bleeding.
He just stared at me, confusion covering his features, and a frown deepened on his forehead.
“Did you drug me? Was it in the food? Of course, it was. That’s why you didn’t eat!”
His features changed from confusion, to shock, and then it was anger, the same shade of fury I saw in the morning following the wedding.
After few moments of staring, his eyes mad and mine terrified, he shouted, “Mona!” startling me. In seconds, she was knocking and opening the door right after.
“See if the princess needs anything,” he said as he got up and disappeared inside of the sunroom, closing the glass-doors behind him, anger seeping out of him in waves.
“I’m glad to see you awake, Princess.” Did she know I was drugged, too? “How do you feel?” she asked.
“W-what happened to me?” I asked, maybe she knew the answer to that, as well.
“You were really sick, you scared us,” was her answer.
Us?
“Sick?”
“Yes, Princess. You had a fever. It’s because you slept for hours in the sunroom, your body was warm still from the shower, I guess. The sunroom gets really chilly every now and then, when the windows open automatically to let the plants breathe,” she explained.
Oh!
Oohh!
Fever? I wasn’t drugged? Wasn’t the food poisoned? The queen could’ve poisoned it. But, no, I was really sleepy, I was tired. She also wouldn’t risk her son eating from it.
“Who put me in this?” I pointed to the gown.
Mona frowned, “You did, Princess. Yesterday, after the bath.”
“No, I didn’t. I only wore the dress you gave me!” Does she think I’m a fool?
“Yes, but the gown is attached to it, you wore them together. The dress is designed to be taken off easily without the gown if needed,” she said, and it was my turn to frown. “Here, let me show you.” She went to where the dress was placed on a clothes hanger that was in the corner next to the window. She showed me how the dress had hidden buttons in the middle of it between all of the decorations, from the top all the way down. It opened like a rope if you unbuttoned them all, and the gown was attached to it from the strips to the insides of the shoulders of the dress.
I assumed it was only a layer of cloth when I wore it, I thought.
“Who undressed me?”
“I did. It wasn’t comfortable to sleep in the dress,”
It wasn’t the prince! He didn’t do anything wrong. The thought made me hang my head in shame for what I accused him of.
Mona must’ve taken my reaction to be shyness or embarrassment because she continued: “Don’t worry, Princess. It was only me and the prince in the room, no strangers,” she assured me.
I just nodded, then touched my forehead with my hand and rubbed it, feeling the pounding in my head getting stronger, I had no idea if it was caused by the fever or the shame I felt for my actions towards the prince.
“What do you say about preparing a bath for you?” she suggested.
“What time is it anyway?”
“It’s about four-thirty AM,”
Whoa! I slept for almost twenty hours?
“I hope we didn’t disturb you,” I apologized, sure that she had been sleeping.
“Not at all, it’s my job. I was already awake since prayer time should be soon,”
“All right, but I’m just going to take a shower, no need to fill the tub.”
“As you wish,” she said with a smile, then disappeared into the bathroom.
I got up slowly, taking the dress and putting it loosely over my shoulders and gazing out the window absently for the few moments Mona took doing whatever in the bathroom.
I felt so bad for what I said to the prince, but then I thought I shouldn’t be so down. He knew I was sick and didn’t even bother to call a doctor for me. He even laid in the bed beside me–without my permission. I would’ve never agreed if I was conscious.
“Call me if you need anything,” Mona said her familiar words, leaving me to shower.



“How did you guys know what size I wear?” I asked as Mona handed me yet another dress to wear: this one was dark blue, but very similar to the red one because of the golden decorations and the chiffon layers and all.
“Mr. Yoseph told Princess Janna that you were almost the same size; she did all of the shopping. As for the underwear and lingerie, she brought different sizes, and I choose the ones that I thought would fit. Are they all right?”
“Yeah, they’re perfect. Thank you,” I replied, trying to hide the sorrow that I felt in my heart at the mention of my brother’s name, even if she couldn’t say it right.
It hurt so badly, knowing how much he had planned this: how easy it had been for him to get me here, how he told others about my size and tastes, knowing that I’d be staying here until I die.
I felt the tears welling in my eyes, but I shrugged them away. He wasn’t worthy of my tears, but it just saddened me beyond words every time I learned more about how far he had gone with his betrayal.
When I was finished dressing, I let Mona do her thing with my hair without objecting. It seemed to please her to be able to do her ‘job’, and to be honest, I was feeling so tired, and it was such a nice treat to have someone else hot-drying my hair and then brushing it for me.
In the reflection of the mirror that was attached to the dresser I was sitting in front of, I saw Mona smiling–but to herself, not to me–as she brushed my hair. I smiled politely when her eyes caught mine, but we didn’t say anything.
“We were so worried about you, Princess,” she said as she ran the brush through my blond locks.
“We?” I asked, even though I knew who she meant, but still needed confirmation–no idea why.
“The prince and I,” she told me, and when I didn’t reply, she went on. “You were unconscious, and I was barely able to feed you the drink I made of the heeling herbs, but given your fever broke within the hour, I can say you had enough to make it work,”
He was worried about me?
“Uh, thank you,”
“Not at all, Princess.” She smiled that smile she had before again. “Prince Mazen was so worried, he stayed up all night, replacing the towels we put over your head, he wouldn’t allow me to do it.”
He stayed up all night?
“Seeing how you were affected by his closeness and how it comforted you–even when you were passed out–was such a sight to hold, I’m so glad you grew so fond of each other so fast,”
Oh!
Was he the one who brushed my tears away?
Was the hand that soothed me his own?
I was comforted by his closeness? The thought startled me. But, soon, I was sighing at the realization that I knew that I was pleased with his closeness the second I woke up to his face.
What’s going on with me?
What’s happening inside my heart?
What’s going on inside my head?
“Here, all set,” Mona smiled. “You look so beautiful,”
“Thank you, Mona,” I smiled back.
She touched my forehead with her hand and her smile grew, “The fever is all gone, Alhamdulilah,”
“Yeah.”
“Do you need anything?” she asked.
“No, thank you,” I replied, then stopped her when she was about to turn around. “Wait! Uh, what does that word mean?”
“Which word? Alhamdulilah?”
I nodded.
“It means ‘Praise the Lord’ or ‘Thanks to Allah’,” she told me.
“Allah?”
“It’s God’s name.”
“You’re awake! Alhamdulilah! Alhamdulilah!” The prince’s words rang in my ears.
He thanked his God that I was well!
Did he care for me?
Why the heck did I care?
I was roused from my thoughts at the sound of knocking on glass. I looked to see Mona knocking on the mirror that separated the sunroom from the bedroom. I didn’t even realize she had walked away, too caught up with my thoughts. She then opened the door and looked inside, saying something in Arabic that sounded like a question. She nodded after a moment, then went and opened another hidden door–that I thought was part of the wall–and went inside, coming out after a few with folded clothes in her hands then disappearing into the bathroom once more.
Was that a walk-in closet?
I watched Mona as she left, after she told the prince what I supposed was that the bathroom was ready for his shower. Wondering briefly if she was going to come back and help him getting dressed, too. But then shrugged the thought away, it was silly.
The prince didn’t glance my way, as he made his to the bathroom.
I stood up and went to gaze out at the window again. I stayed there not knowing what to do with myself, wondering if I should apologize to the prince when he came out, knowing that I had to. I’d already hurt him with so many words, on so many different occasions.
No longer than ten minutes later, the prince came out, dressed in another pair of black sweatpants and a gray shirt, looking all fresh and clean with his damp hair and handsome face.
My heart beat faster when he moved in my direction, anger no longer present in his eyes.
“How are you feeling now?” he asked, his voice soft and comforting.
“I feel okay, thank you for asking,” I replied, knowing that it was the first polite words I’d ever said to him. It made me sad and embarrassed at the same time, because he’d yet to show me any sign of rudeness.
He called you a filthy American.
I pushed the whisper in my head away, he’d apologized for that, and I’d forced him into saying it by my hurtful words.
He offered me a small smile. “Did you have any trouble with your stomach before?”
Huh?
“Sorry?”
“Your stomach. You had a fever when you were exposed to cold weather, but you’re not coughing or having a runny nose or so on. I believe that you have a sensitive stomach, that’s why you couldn’t handle the sudden change in the weather, especially after having a hot drink,” he said.
“Uh, I’ve had stomach aches every now and then,” I replied, confused as to how he knew these things, or why he was asking about it.
“Did you mostly feel it after you ate fried food or when you were very hungry or very full?”
I nodded, blinking rapidly.
“Like I suspected,” he stated. “I could prescribe you something to help you in the long term; I’m not convinced with the healing herbs; It might remove the symptoms, but it doesn’t cure the illness like medications do.”
“Wait. Prescribe me something? Is that okay for anyone to do that here?”
Or, is it because he’s a prince?
“It is okay for any doctor to do that, yes.”
“Wait, wait, wait! You’re a doctor?”
“Yes. I’m a doctor.” He smiled softly. “I guess your brother failed to tell you about that, too, huh?” It wasn’t really a question, and his smile disappeared.
I looked down, sadness consuming me once again at the mention of my brother. But then my thoughts traveled to think about the prince and how I knew so little of him, not knowing why I had to voice it. “I don’t know too much about you,” I admitted.
He sighed. “We can fix that, Princess. I mean, if you’d like to, of course.”
I nodded.
“You don’t know too much about me, either.” I said.
“True. I’d like to fix that, as well.”
I nodded again. “I’d like that.”
He smiled, excusing himself for a second. I watched him as he opened the drawer of his nightstand and came back with a small box in his hand.
“I was supposed to give you that on our wedding night, but…uh, I never got the chance,” he opened the box for me to see. My eyes winded at the sight of the two diamond rings and a golden wedding band that sat there. They looked so beautiful.
“They are really beautiful,” I told him, my eyes fixed on the box held up for me.
“Glad you think so.” He smiled. “Would you put them on? I don’t want anyone wondering. We’re lucky my mother didn’t notice.”
I nodded, offering him my hand because I wanted him to do it. No clue why.
His eyes questioned mine if I was sure, finding the answer in the first genuine smile my lips drew since my brother left me alone in this very room.
The prince’s smile grew wider, showing his pearly whites and a glow in his eyes. He took the rings and the band out of the box and placed it on the window ledge beside us.
He took my hand in his and put the wedding band then the rings on one after the other, his eyes bouncing up and down between the task in his hand and my eyes, the smile never leaving his face.
He didn’t let go of my hand when he was done.
I didn’t mind.
“First thing I need you to know about me,” he started. “I would never, ever harm you in one way or another.”


“You shouldn’t eat that,” the prince-doctor advised.
“Why not?”
“Egg is heavy on sensitive stomachs.”
“I feel fine,” I told him. The eggs were really delicious yesterday, with cheese inside–no clue how my not-really-mother-in-law had done that.
“The herbs give you the sensation that you’re okay. It numbs the pain, and numbs the body’s response to it.” He took a sip of his tea.
I left the eggs with a sigh–and if it wasn’t so immature to do so–I would’ve pouted, as well. They tasted that good.
“Is cream cheese okay?” I asked.
“Yes. Go ahead,” he smiled.
I spread the cream cheese over the spongy bread, then leaned back in the armchair on which I was sitting and started eating. I wanted to have breakfast in the sunroom again, but the prince had said it wasn’t a good idea. He’s a doctor, so…I had to listen. So we ended up eating at the round table in the middle of the room, after Mona placed two chairs there for us to sit on.
Yes, I actually said ‘we’ and ‘us’.
I figured there was no reason for me to make this harder on myself. I wanted to know more about him: maybe it would help me with my escape plan, maybe through his talks I’d know more about the palace and its exits. After all, I’d had no idea this room had a sunroom linked to it, or a walk-in closet; there were just too many things I didn’t know.
“Coffee is not all right, either.” He shook his head disapprovingly.
Ugh!
I nodded, putting the cup back down.
“How long have you been a doctor?”
The left corner of the prince’s mouth turned up in a crooked smile before he replied, “I graduated and came back here right away, just a few months ago.”
Oh!
“Here?” I wondered.
“To the kingdom, I mean. I studied medicine in London,” he explained.
That explains the accent…
“That’s great. I’ve heard that the medical schools are pretty good in the UK.”
“They are the best,” he confirmed with a nod. “You majored in English, right?”
He told him …
“Yeah, but I never got the chance to finish college. The company…I have no time to brush my hair, let alone study,” I sighed heavily.
“Well, you have Mona now to do that for you, so you just got yourself some spare time. You can go back to studying,” he grinned.
Such a beautiful sight!
The grin was gone a moment after it was born and he continued, “For the next six months, I mean.” His eyes gazed away somewhere between his cup of tea and the plate that held the cup while he muttered the words.
“Yeah,” was all I said.
I won’t be here for six months, Prince dear, so…
We lapsed into silence for a few minutes after that, while he sipped his tea and I ate the rest of my sandwich. When I was finished, he asked me whether or not I liked peppermint. He wanted me to have it as a hot drink, which he explained was made the same way you make tea. He told me how it comforted troubled stomachs and all that. I wasn’t so sure, so I declined.
“I don’t like it,” I said.
“Have you ever had any?”
“Um, no, but it just sounds wrong,” I shrugged.
“But you have to taste it first, and maybe you’ll like it,” he insisted.
“I’m sure I won’t like it. I don’t want to taste it and decide it’s awful, then spend the rest of the day with a bad taste in my mouth.”
“You can’t keep on judging peppermint without trying it first, Princess.”
Something told me we weren’t talking about peppermint anymore.



After Mona took the tray away, we talked a little bit more about nothing in particular: just a few words here and there about the room and all of the hidden doors – there were a lot, I might add. Turns out that this room was the main room of ‘our’ place. It was connected to more than one room, besides the bathroom, sunroom and walk-in closet. There were also the dining room, the formal sitting room, living room, kitchen and…the kids’ rooms.
Kids …
He also told me about another room that stood alone with no other doors connected to it–a males-only meeting room. As in, just for guys. Don’t even get me started…
“So the whole floor is just for us?” I asked.
“No, we share it with my brother and his wife, but you will never stumble on anyone else, I assure you. It’s completely separate.”
“Wait, you have a brother?” I frowned.
“Yes, Fahd is his name; he’s four months younger than me.”
“But your mother said you were her only child. I thought she meant her only son since there is Janna, but with the language and all…did you just say four months?” My confusion was hitting the fancy roof above us.
How is that even possible?
“It’s true that I’m her only child, Princess. My mother is Fahd and Janna’s stepmother,” he answered.
Oh!
Wait, wait, what?
“How come he’s only four months younger than you, and your father was still married to your mother when he had children with another woman?” I quizzed. “Oh! The king had a mistress!” I figured.
“Excuse me, Princess, but the term ‘Mistress’ is highly offensive for you to use to describe my stepmother, let alone accuse my father of having one,” he said, instantly making me feel like garbage.
“I don’t understand anything,” I said in a low voice.
“I understand that, and that’s why I’m just telling you not to make baseless judgments without facts, yet you did it now–again.”
“I’m not judgmental,” I defended. Who did he think he was to tell me that?
The prince sighed. “My father was married to my stepmother first, but after three years of marriage and no heir on the way, he had to marry another: my mother, who got pregnant with me right away. It was God’s will for my stepmother to get pregnant with Fahd shortly thereafter. My mother was never able to produce any other children after that.”
Head spinning, anyone? Yeah, me, too.
“Your father had two wives at the same time?” I held in a gagging noise that I was desperate to make.
“It’s not a big deal here,” he shrugged.
Nauseating!
“I didn’t see her at the wedding,” I told him.
Maybe she’s even meaner than his mother…
“She died giving birth to Janna.”
Snap!
Now I felt worse than garbage for the little thought in my head. She was dead.
“That’s sad to hear,” I admitted.
“It is; she was a great woman, very compassionate and kind. I was only...um, eight when she passed away, but I remember her well,” he said.
“Um, how long ago was that? I mean, since she died.” I wasn’t really curious about that, but I wanted to know how old he was, and I didn’t know how else to ask him.
The prince smiled to himself for some reason before replying, “Seventeen years ago.”
Seventeen plus eight…he’s twenty-five!
“May she rest in peace,” I prayed.
“Amen,” he said.
My eyes that had been looking down snapped up to look at him. Did he just say ‘Amen’ to my prayer? Did he believe in my God? Or was he just making fun of me?
So many questions I wanted to ask him—like about this ‘Amen’–but I didn’t know where to start, so I said nothing. But another confusing thought came to my eternally-wondering-and-confused mind.
The prince’s words…
Seventeen years ago…
She died while giving birth to Janna…
Janna is seventeen!
Only seventeen!
My eyes widened and almost bugged out of my skull at the realization.
My brother knocked up a minor.
Oh, my God!
My hand shot up to my mouth, as I did myself from the armchair where I was sitting. I ran to the bathroom, kicking the door closed after I stepped inside, and sagged back into the door, taking deep breaths to calm my sudden need to throw up.
Only seventeen!
Deep breath.
In.
Out.
Seventeen years old.
In.
Out.
A minor.
I couldn’t hold it anymore and I ran the few steps to the sink, leaned in, and threw my guts up.
“Princess, are you okay?” the prince’s voice asked from outside the door.
I replied with the disgusting gagging noises I was making as I vomited.
“Can I come in, Princess?”
Same.
Seventeen!
“Mona!” I heard him calling, and–like always–just a few seconds later Mona was there. She knocked before informing me that she was coming inside, and then she did what she’d said she was going to do.
“Oh, Benty,” was the only thing she said before holding my hair back for me. “You need to drink some peppermint.”



“How do you feel now?”
“Much better, thank you,” I thanked him quietly, as I handed Mona the glass of water she’d offered me to wash down the pills which the prince had requested her to bring.
“It’ll take up to an hour until you feel the effects of the medication, then you’ll be better, I promise.”
I just nodded.
Seventeen years old.
“Are you sure you’re okay?” he asked again after Mona left.
I was just going to nod once again, but… “Janna is just a minor,” I blurted out.
He stared at me for a moment, looks of hurt, sadness and anger flashed in his eyes before he looked away.
“She’s young,” he nodded.
“Is it even legal for her to get married this young?” I wondered.
“Yes. Sixteen is the legal age for marriage, so…”
It was still not right.
Oh, Joseph! What is wrong with you? Who are you, and what have you done to my brother?
The tears welled up in my eyes, and I couldn’t stop them from falling.
His hand touched mine, that was resting on my lap, and he patted it in an attempt to soothe me before taking it back to rest on his own lap. Like his closeness did this morning, his hand did too; I still found it comforting. His closeness, it comforted me. It was really strange.
He said nothing, and neither did I. I just sat there on the bed, my back resting on the pillows which Mona had fixed for me. The prince stayed there, sitting on the side of the bed, facing me with his body, but his gaze was fixed on the window.
We stayed like that for a while, until my tears dried and my sobs were gone. The prince excused himself and then went to the bathroom, coming out in just a few moments with slightly damp hair before heading to the walk-in closet. He stayed there for another few minutes then came back, still dressed the same. It was the second time he’d done that, and I didn’t get it.
What was he doing in there?
I sighed, deciding not to think much of it.
Just as the prince walked out of the closet, we heard a knock on the door. He replied with a word in Arabic before Mona came in and started telling him something. They spoke back and forth for a minute, and it was really disturbing that I didn’t get what they were saying, especially since the prince’s tone sounded like frustration.
Finally Mona left the room, closing the door behind her, and I watched as the prince ran his hand through his hair, as he stared at the door before rubbing his temple and then turning around to face me.
“The third day at noon, family members are supposed to visit the newlyweds. I’ve already told Mona to inform them that you were sick and won’t be able to meet them, but…my grandmother is already here and–I can’t just send her back,” he huffed. “Would you, please, let me have her in?” he asked.
His mother’s mother?
She could be as mean as her daughter, or maybe worse.
But, his mother had already come in here without them asking me if I agreed, so what was the big deal now?
“What’s the big deal?”
It seemed like I had offended the prince again, because that was how he looked–offended. I didn’t get it; I hadn’t said anything offensive!
“Uh, she’s in a wheelchair, and came all the way from the other half of the palace, the fifth floor,” he said in a low voice, somehow pleading.
Oh!
Hello, garbage feeling! It seems like you enjoy my company today.
“No, that’s not what I meant,” I started. “I meant that yesterday your mom just came in here, without anyone asking me if I was okay with it or not,” I explained, even though I knew now that he didn’t want her to go back only because of her huge effort to visit with us.
“Oh! I see.” He seemed a bit relieved. “It’s tradition for the mothers to come here yesterday, and the rest of the families today. They would’ve still come, but I didn’t want you going through anything that might bother you, especially while you aren’t feeling well…I just don’t want you to have to deal with pretending along with a troubled stomach, so I’m asking if you’d forgive me for allowing my grandmother in here,” he explained.
“Of course, let her in,” I told him, getting out of bed and adjusting my clothes.
“Are you sure?”
“Yes, I’m fine,” I assured him.
“Thank you.” The relieved smile found his lips and rested there.
Mona arrived, after the prince called her name, and helped me with my hair then brought all of the jewelry that was gifted to me on the night of the wedding before me, asking me to choose some. When I asked, she said I had to wear at least half of it or the Queen Mother would think I didn’t like it. I didn’t argue and just went with it.
When I was finished putting on too much jewelry, Mona left, and I stood near the set of elegant armchairs and couch waiting for our visitor to come in. A noise caught my attention and I glanced back to see that the bed was disappearing behind a moving wall that managed to hide all of the section of the room that held the bed, nightstands, window and the sunroom inside it, making it seem like a completely different room, starting with the round table that used to be in the middle of the room.
I gave the prince, who was standing near me with his hand on another hidden button, a questioning look. He only shrugged in response.
I’d learned that when Mona was expected, she only knocked once before she let herself in; but other times, she waited for the prince or myself to give her permission before she stepped into the room. Since she was expected this time, she knocked and opened the door before wheeling our visitor in.
I believed I was going to be met with another mean queen, but once I saw the wide smile on the old lady’s lips, as Mona pushed her chair towards us, I felt warmth crawling into my heart and filling my insides.
She had one of the most genuine smiles I’d ever seen in my life, and I couldn’t help but smile back at her, no less genuinely.
The prince said one word that sounded like a greeting of some sort, before hurrying to her and taking her hand in his to kiss the back of it, before placing the spot he’d kissed on his forehead as he bowed. He then kissed her head and hugged it to his chest, a beautiful grin lighting his entire face when she kissed both of his cheeks.
They spoke for a few moments in Arabic and I waited there awkwardly, not knowing what to do with myself, until they finally looked at me. The Queen Mother reached for me with both of her hands to come to her.
I offered her my hand just to shake it, but she pulled me slightly and kissed both of my cheeks like she had with the prince, before she patted them while speaking words I didn’t understand.
I blushed deeply and smiled at her, nodding my head even if I didn’t know what I was nodding to. She could be asking me if I thought I was as fat as a cow, for all I knew.
She was sending waves of sweetness over me in a way I couldn’t explain. She just seemed so nice and kind, and even though I hadn’t spoken one word to her, I thought of her as a good person, nonetheless.
The prince wheeled her next to one of the armchairs, and she patted it while looking at me in invitation to sit down, which I did happily. Don’t ask me why.
She said a few words to me, and I felt so bad that I couldn’t understand her. But before I could dwell on it, the prince spoke.
“She’s congratulating you on the wedding and wishing you the best of luck,” he told me.
I blushed even more and smiled at her, nodding my head this time while knowing why I was nodding before I thanked her.
The prince then spoke to her, and I assumed that he was translating what I’d said, because she then patted my hand that was resting on the arm of my chair and kept it there.
The prince’s grandmother seemed very nice, she was just the kind of person who made you smile when they were around, even if they didn’t speak to you.
“Is she your mother’s mother?” I asked him.
It was the first time since the wedding that I’d seen the prince this happy, all smiley and just...well, happy.
“No, she’s my father’s mother,” he said.
Huh! I knew that mother-in-law could never be this nice lady’s daughter; it just couldn’t be.
They went back to talking again, and it seemed that the prince hung on her every word, chuckling sometimes and grinning widely at others, while she did the same. I became really frustrated with the fact that I couldn’t understand anything or know what they were talking about.
The prince’s eyes glanced my way a time or two but he didn’t say anything, just went on with talking to his granny. I had a strong urge to huff and stand up to leave to go…somewhere, but that would’ve been very rude, so I didn’t.
Oh, and I was stuck, too.
The Queen Mother looked at me as she spoke more words, but looked at the prince when she finished. He then locked his eyes with mine for a moment before smiling beautifully and nodding.
I knew they were talking about me, and it made me even more annoyed that I didn’t know what they were saying.
So, I asked, “What did she say?”
“Um, she says that you’re the most beautiful girl she’s ever seen.”
Do you know what redder than a tomato looks like? Yeah, I was even redder than that.
And, he had nodded to that…
I smiled at her and looked down in shyness, feeling as if the heat of my blush would burn my skin at any moment.
The Queen Mother patted my head gently and moved her hand down my hair several times, while whispering some words in a quiet voice to herself. I looked at the prince to see him looking at what was going on with a smile in his eyes, asking him with my own eyes what she was doing.
He replied in a low voice as if not to disturb her, “She’s saying some verses of the Quran, our holy book, to protect you from envious eyes,” he explained. “She believes the girls and women in the kingdom will be jealous of your beauty and will envy you, so she’s protecting you from them, afraid something bad will happen to you.”
Oh! How nice of her!
“Something bad like what?”
“Sickness, troubles, sadness,” he shrugged.
“It’s really kind of her.”
“She likes you a lot,” he smiled, and I mirrored his smile.
When the prince’s grandmother was finished, she handed me another thin, square box that was a lot slimmer than the many boxes I’d gotten over the past couple of days. I opened it with another ‘thank you’.
Oh, my God!
I was so mesmerized by the sight in front of me that I didn’t pay attention to his granny as she spoke. What finally got my attention was the prince asking me if he could take the box.
I didn’t want to give it to him for some reason. I wanted to hug it and sleep beside it at night, but figured it’d make the prince wonder about my sanity. I didn’t want that, so–despite myself–I nodded.
He took the piece of wonderfulness out of the box and stood beside me. I knew immediately that he was going to put it on me, and it made me smile.
If I hadn’t seen the two white gold hairpins attached to the sides of the jewel, I would’ve mistaken it for a necklace. It was some sort of a crown, but it wasn’t the hard material kind that stood two feet above the head. No, it was soft and shaped like a bandanna, only it was decorated with white gold and diamonds all over it. When the prince put it above my head, a few parts of it dangled, resting on my forehead like gold-and-diamond bangs, and the rest of it rested above my hair and ended at the middle of my back.
I had diamond bangs on my forehead, people!
The prince secured it in place, taking his sweet time as he adjusted locks of my hair above the pins to cover them. I felt his knuckles touching the back of my neck softly as he dragged his right hand down it, sending shivers down my spine and more warmth to fill my heart.
I found myself wishing he wouldn’t move his hand away.



While still wearing my sort-of-crown, I only had soup for lunch: no salad, and none of the other delicious-looking food that was calling to me. Doctor’s orders. I couldn’t complain.
“Does it bother you when we speak in Arabic in your presence?” the prince asked out of nowhere.
I was taken aback by the fact that he noticed my annoyance with the subject, and I went with the truth. “A lot,” I nodded.
“I won’t do it again, and neither will Mona. I promise.”
I was grateful. Very grateful, to be honest. But I couldn’t believe he would be that–nice. Could he?
Games.
Traps.
I shrugged the voices in my head away, and politely thanked him, then took another spoonful of my soup as the prince ate whatever was on his plate.
A knock on the door echoed into the silence.
“Come in.” The prince smiled at me, earning a smile back.
If I didn’t already know that she was Mona at the door, I wouldn’t have recognized her. She had a black face cover on, I had no idea why. She was about to say something, but the prince interrupted her. “Speak only in English from now on in the princess’ presence, please,” he ordered gently.
“Yes, Prince Mazen,” Mona said. It made me smile. It had felt like I was in the dark, and someone finally turned on the light. The fact that I would now be able to understand what they said to each other and not just the words that were directed to me made me feel somewhat safer.
But my smile faded right away, and I wished she would’ve kept speaking in Arabic instead. Because, then, I would’ve never understood her next words, and it would’ve been a blessing.
“Mr. Yoseph wants to speak alone with Princess Marie.”


I swallowed thickly.
I wasn’t expecting that–at all. I hadn’t expected to see him again so soon. Upon reflection, I really hadn’t thought about seeing him again. Not like I thought I’d never see him ever again; I knew he was around somewhere, but I didn’t think about what would happen when we met.
And now that it had happened, and he wanted to meet with me…my blood ran cold just thinking about it. Something that just a few days ago, had someone told me I’d feel that way about seeing my own brother, I would’ve found foolish.
My heartbeat sped up: something that had happened to me more times than I’d like to admit since I’d come here. And I didn’t like the feeling. Not for a second.
I took a deep breath, trying to calm myself down. It didn’t work.
I let it out, thinking that my heartbeat would slow down a bit. It didn’t work.
I repeated it, again. Still, no use.
“Sign the fucking papers, you selfish bitch!”
“Princess?” I felt a hand brushing mine, and automatically I flinched away, holding my hand to my chest and staring at him with eyes that were tingling with uninvited tears, tears that were fighting with me to be shed.
“Are you okay?” he asked in a low voice, his eyes pitying me; it was so obvious.
I hated it.
A tear falling was my answer.
The prince got up, motioning to Mona with his head to leave, which she did after a nod of her head. Then he knelt in front of me, his green eyes full of concern and never-ending shades of sadness.
It was the same pose my brother had taken when he pleaded with me to sign away my soul to the…prince.
“You’re so fucking selfish, Marie. I can’t even find a word for your selfishness!”
“Princess, you don’t have to do anything you don’t want to do,” the prince said quietly, his voice barely above a whisper.
He knew what I was thinking. He knew the thoughts in my head were eating away at my soul. He knew I was disturbed by the request Mona had just delivered. He knew that it wasn’t something that I wanted to do.
But, it needed to be done. I’d have to meet with him sooner or later. And I knew I’d better do it now.
“It’s seems like it’s all I’ve been doing lately,” I told him, and he waited for me to continue, so I did. ‘‘Everything that I don’t want to do.”
He hung his head, the tenderness that he had just been looking up at me with now gone. For some stupid reason, I wanted to move my hand through his hair, and remove that look I saw flashing in his eyes when I spoke, and the words along with it.
I didn’t do it. I only wiped my tears away, held my head high and then I announced, “I’m going to meet with my brother.”



The toughness with which I tried to fill my insides was nothing but a fake dream that I couldn’t force to come true, no matter how hard I tried.
I was a shaking mess.
Still, I knew I could do it. I just had to do it. Maybe he was here because he knew of his mistake and the wrong he had done me. Maybe he was here to offer me a way out. Maybe he was here to take me back home.
I hoped.
“I’ll be in the sunroom,” the prince informed me once I was ready to see my brother.
I nodded hesitantly, but once he turned around to leave, I felt as if the room was spinning. I stopped him, “Wait!” and he did.
“I, uh, I don’t want to meet with him in here,” I admitted. “Please, I know it’s too much to ask, but I c-can’t.” My voice was shaking and my lips were trembling, unshed tears tingling in my eyes and hitched breaths caught in my throat.
I couldn’t imagine myself meeting with him here again. It brought back one the darkest memories in my whole life, the memory of my brother holding a gun–a gun that was pointed toward my head and ready to be used.
I couldn’t breathe normally.
“Hey, hey,” the prince whispered after he hurriedly took the two steps that parted us and stood right in front of me. It seemed like his hand was just about to caress my cheek, but he thought better of it and moved it away immediately, maybe thinking about how I had shrugged the very same hand away not ten minutes ago. Little did he know that I was desperate to feel anything a nice caress on the cheek would offer, any of the warmth and tenderness I knew that–strangely–his touch would make me feel, anything to replace the fear and panic that were filling my heart. Anything. Anything at all.
“It’s not too much to ask, it’s not,” he told me. “You won’t see him here, you won’t,” he reassured me, his hand touching my arm softly, his touch barely there as if he was still afraid I’d push it away. “You won’t break the rules if you meet with your brother in any room that is connected to this room. Don’t worry about it, Princess, don’t worry about it.”
I was grateful. It meant so much to me that I wouldn’t have Joseph here in the same place where he’d destroyed me with his words and his actions, and killed a part of my soul along with it. I attempted to smile at the prince, but it came out more like a grimace. I kept avoiding his gaze; I couldn’t bear his look of sympathy that I knew would be there. I looked pathetic, I sounded pathetic, and I really was pathetic.
I nodded a few times, wiping my tears and whispering a “Thank you.”
“Call Mona whenever you’re ready and tell her that you’ll meet him in any room you choose, okay?”
Another nod and a deep breath.
He squeezed my arms tenderly in reassurance and smiled sadly at me before he left to the sunroom, closing the mirror-door behind him.
I was supposed to call Mona to tell her in which room I’d be meeting Joseph, but I just stood still, frozen in place, not doing anything. Just the thought of the two of us alone in a room freaked the heck out of me. I found myself staring at the main door of the room, then glancing at the sunroom’s door and staring at it as well, only to go back to staring at the main door, and doing it all over again. It was seriously frustrating.
With heavy steps, I made my way to the door I knew would help me ease my anxiety and cool it down a notch. What I didn’t know was the reason why my heart had decided that the prince’s company would help me kick the worry away.
I held my fisted hand up, and my knuckles knocked twice, as softly as I could, while biting down on my bottom lip. I felt like a little girl, going to her parents’ room in hopes that her parents would agree to her request to let her spend the night with them, or even come to her room and sleep beside her so she could go safely back to sleep knowing that they’d protect her from the boogieman.
He said a word in Arabic, I assumed he was thinking that it was Mona who was knocking, and I didn’t know if the word meant that it was okay to come in, or if it was requesting me to stay out, so…I knocked again.
When he opened the door, there was a frown on his face, and then a look of confusion in his eyes appeared when he saw me, an easily readable expression of worry covering his features.
“I can’t do it alone,” I blurted out, my voice breaking.
Another sad smile tugged on his lips, and a nod was his only response. He stepped out of the room and offered me his hand. I took it. He walked me a few steps closer to the main door and then called Mona. No questions asked.



The troubled feelings inside of me prevented me from admiring the beauty of the room we were now standing in. Simply, it was ridiculously big, with more than two sets of matching armchairs along with their matching couches and small coffee tables. It was filled with beautiful decorations and curtains that surrounded the whole place. There was a huge flat screen dominating one of the walls, and thick carpets that my heels kept digging into covering most of the marble floor.
In a different time, I would’ve gaped at the beauty of the room for hours and hours, but that wouldn’t happen now. If my brother was coming here to take me home like I hoped, it would never happen at all.
I couldn’t sit down while we waited for Joseph, like the prince had advised me to do. I just stood there, fumbling with my hands while my eyes fixed somewhere on the floor, and sometimes on the wall opposite me.
“It’s going to be okay,” the prince’s voice startled me and I jumped slightly.
He was right in front of me in a second, looking straight into my eyes. “It’s going to be okay, Princess,” he reassured me, the beautiful garden of his eyes forcing me to believe him. They were just really honest, and only inches away from mine.
A very small smile found its way to my lips and drew itself on them, as I stared into the prince’s confident green gaze. He smiled back at me, but the smile died less than a moment later when I heard a door being opened behind me, pushing my own barely-existing smile away with it.
“Please, come in,” Mona’s voice called. I didn’t dare to turn around; I kept my eyes fixed on the prince’s eyes, the eyes which were no longer looking at me, but somewhere above my shoulder.
His gaze darkened, filling with anger, and a sneer appeared on his face. It scared me. His head was held high, and he stood tall, his posture changing from softness and tenderness to toughness and sharpness.
I found myself taking a half step back, as I kept my eyes staring at his rage- filled ones.
It confused me that his eyes softened again for a split second, before changing just as fast to shoot deadly glares at whoever was standing behind me.
“Prince Mazen.” My brother’s greeting made me take a step forward to the prince.
My chest ached.
“Marie.”
My heart swelled.
I closed my eyes and took a deep breath, trying my hardest to control the burning in my eyes as a new round of tears formed in them at the sound of Joseph’s voice.
Slowly, I turned around, finding myself moving to stand half-behind the prince and taking his hand in mine, using his tall frame to shield me from my brother.
My throat tightened.
My own actions confused me; I couldn’t understand how I could, always, find comfort and safety in the prince’s closeness. I wondered why I found the protection I craved right behind his body and why I took him, of all people, as a shield–and from my brother, at that.
Full of strange feelings and mixed emotions, my head was pounding already, and I’d yet to glance my brother’s way.
When I did glance at him, worry consumed me at first, seeing that my only remaining family sported a black eye. I held in a gasp when I reminded myself of what he had done, and how he didn’t deserve my worry. He didn’t worry about me, after all.
For a few moments, there were no words spoken, just glares from the prince, and panicked peeking from myself. Joseph, on the other hand, was completely ignoring him: his eyes were only looking at me, not moving, speaking silent words of things I didn’t want to think about. Maybe he looked remorseful about what he had done, but that didn’t fix anything. The only thing that would ever fix what he’d done was if he’d take me back home–and even then, it didn’t mean I’d forgive him. Not slightly easy to even think about it.
What made me even more upset was how he looked down at the prince’s and my joined hands, and then dared to smile sweetly while looking at me–as if he thought it meant that I’d magically fallen in love with the prince or something. Didn’t he know how messed up that situation was? How I was holding the prince’s hand only for protection because his actions made me fear him like I had never feared anyone before? Didn’t he know that he was the very first reason, the only reason why I was scared at all, or holding a stranger’s hand at all, seeking the safety that my brother couldn’t offer me, that my own brother took away from me, ripped away from me?
I wanted to scream at him, my fear turning into anger, but before I could say anything I heard a growl coming from the prince.
“Mona! Why didn’t you say that she was with him?”
It was only then that I noticed the form standing beside Joseph: Janna.
“I, uh, I–”
“Silence!” It was a yell that made me lose my grip on his hand.
It scared me.
“Get her out of my sight,” the prince commanded. This time his eyes were on Janna before he let go of my hand and turned around, facing away from her.
The next thing I knew, Janna was running towards us and kneeling to the floor right behind the prince. Her light green dress that was similar to mine wrapped her form in a circle of its soft material. She touched both of his legs, her head hanging down as she bowed, her tears flowing like rivers as she spoke words I couldn’t understand–but it didn’t take a genius to know that she was begging.
But for what?
I stood there gaping at the sight in front of me with a stunned expression, not knowing why he was doing this to his sister. I knew from what he’d said yesterday that he loved her very much – he was ready to give up his own life for her. Why would he act like this towards her now? What did she do to deserve such treatment?
Games.
Lies.
Traps.
“You lost that right when you decided to give up my honor and your family’s and put it in the dirt, Janna,” the prince said through clenched teeth, still facing away from her while she still gripped onto his legs for dear life. “I can’t even bear the thought of looking at you!”
She kept begging and crying, and only I was able to see the expression on his face from where I was standing. It was a pained one. But why? If it was painful for him to say those hurtful words to his sister, then why was he saying them?
“Not in this lifetime,” he replied, and it sent her into another round of wails and cries.
Joseph’s hands came to her shoulders and he brought her to her feet, holding her to his chest where she buried her head and cried into it while his hand soothed and moved over her long hair that was laced with hair jewelry, shushing her with whispers and words of love.
My heart ached at the sight in front of me. I remembered not that long ago when I was doing the same thing she was doing. I was crying, wailing and begging, asking for mercy and another chance to feel my brother’s love. I found none. I had no one to comfort me like she had my own brother, her own beloved husband, to soothe her; I had absolutely no one.
I struggled more with the tears I didn’t want him to see, because I was tired of feeling as weak as I was, tired of not finding a shoulder to cry on, tired of being the miserable one with no way out of this freaking palace. I was tired of being this new me, the one with absolutely no power over her surroundings.
I felt for Janna. A little. But I envied her, as well. She had someone while I had no one. And I wished she appreciated the blessings she was showered with.
Finally, the prince turned around and looked at them, “You had something to say, Yoseph?”
Why was he calling him Yoseph? Why was Mona calling him Yoseph? I’d thought Mona couldn’t pronounce it, but how could the prince not be able to? He’d lived in England for years. What was going on?
Joseph cleared his throat. “Uh, I just wanted to say goodbye to my sister before I leave with my wife.”


Leave?
With his wife?
To go where?
I looked Joseph in the eyes, searching for answers. He avoided my gaze. I looked at the prince, wondering, begging, but he only sneered at my brother.
“Leave to go where?” I whispered the question with a shake in my voice, my tears choking me.
“Back to the US, where else?” Joseph answered.
“Why?” I asked, eyes wide and mouth agape.
What about the seven-day rule? They were newlyweds, too. Weren’t they?
The prince had told me yesterday that the newlyweds could go out only in the case of an emergency. What was theirs?
“The company can’t be neglected any longer.”
I knew the company couldn’t be neglected much longer; I’d been here for almost four days. If it wasn’t for my very loyal assistants, I wouldn’t have left it even that long, especially with Joseph away as well.
“Why are you taking your wife with you?” I questioned, with a shocked expression and burning heart.
He didn’t answer. He just held Janna closer to his chest and looked down. I still waited for an answer that I didn’t even want to hear.
“The wife belongs where her husband is, Princess,” the prince replied for him in a quiet voice.
“What about me?” I pleaded, stomach clenching and chest swelling.
Janna turned her head and looked at me, questions in her teary eyes and confusion on her forehead.
“Like your husband said, Marie, the wife belongs where her husband is,” Joseph replied.
My stomach dropped.
“You won’t come back,” I stated, eyes tearing and heart bleeding.
“Um, not that often, but I will come back with Janna on occasion.”
“On occasion? You’re going to leave me here, take your wife with you, take care of the company, and just live happily ever after? What on earth has happened to you? Who are you? Where is my brother? Where is Joseph?” I screamed my pain in my brother’s face.
He was taking everything away from me. I’d thought he was going to be here; he still had to take care of so many things here in the kingdom. There were so many things left to do for our business here. What happened now? Was he leaving to take care of the company while I took care of things here myself? Or was he going to cut me out of the company as well?
Would he really do that to me? Would he take everything I had worked for? My life, my job, along with my family and friends?
What did I ever do to him?
What?
Joseph’s eyes widened in a warning glare. He dared to warn me not to speak, obviously not wanting to deal with it, or with his wife knowing anything about it. I had no idea if he knew how much he was destroying me by the second, how much he was killing me slowly and draining my soul. I wondered if he even knew. Would he care at all?
“Mona!” the prince yelled. She’d left the room once Janna started begging her brother, for what I didn’t know. Once she was there, he ordered, “Take Janna out of here.”
“No,” Janna shouted. “What’s going on here?” she asked, taking a step back from my brother, so she was now standing between her husband and her brother, opposite me.
The prince squeezed his eyes shut and shook his head that was hanging in sorrow, lips pressed into a tight line.
He didn’t want her to know.
The heck if I cared. This was all because of her. She did this to me with her recklessness and her disrespect for her stupid rules. She destroyed my life. She deserved to suffer like I was suffering. I didn’t care if she knew what her husband had done to me. I didn’t care if it hurt her to learn that he had lied and betrayed me–his own sister.
Mona left when the prince said nothing. My eyes and Janna’s were on my brother, both of us waiting for his answer. He just stood there in silence, looking at the floor, not meeting our gazes. He, too, wasn’t happy that Janna was about to find out the truth behind all of those lies, of course.
“Yoseph?”
“Why the heck is she calling you Yoseph?” I asked in frustration. The mispronounced name was getting on my already-troubled nerves, especially since I knew that both of them–the prince and his sister–spoke English very well.
When Joseph wouldn’t reply after the long moments I stood there waiting for it, the prince replied for him again.
“Yoseph is the name he chose for himself after he converted,” the prince replied slowly, with a frown that told me he was surprised I didn’t know that.
Did I know anything at all?
“C-converted to what?” Voice shaking and head spinning.
“To Islam.”
I clutched the cross on my chest with one hand while the other I placed over my mouth and screamed into it, tears streaming down my face.
Merciful God!
I felt lightheaded, dizzy. I knew I was about to faint. I couldn’t control my breaths, couldn’t calm down even a tiny bit to get my heartbeat to slow, couldn’t heal the tightening in my throat or the wound in my heart.
God!
I was dying.
“Princess.” The prince’s hands found their way to my shoulders in an attempt to calm my panic. I shrugged them away.
“Don’t touch me!” I yelled. “Stay away from me!”
He backed away immediately, giving me the space I needed. My eyes wouldn’t leave Joseph. He was still looking down at the floor and not moving at all; you would’ve thought he wasn’t breathing at all.
“You became a MUSLIM?” I screamed at him, the words bitter on my tongue.
No answer.
“What. Is. Wrong with you?” I cried, all pained words and trembling lips.
“You didn’t know?” Janna asked with wide eyes that matched the prince’s.
“Of course, I didn’t know!” I yelled. “How could you do this? How could you, Joseph? How could you?”
“Yoseph?” Janna looked at him, waiting for an explanation.
“Uh…” was his only reply.
“Why would you leave our faith? How could you give up Jesus?” Venom laced my voice and fire filled my insides.
“I didn’t give up Jesus. I believe in him, still. Always will. Islam believes in Jesus,” Joseph said.
I didn’t believe him. How could I?
Lies.
Lies.
All lies.
“Why would you leave our parents’ and grandparents’ faith, Joseph? Just give me one reason why?”
“I wouldn’t be able to marry Janna if I was Christian, Marie. Muslim women only marry Muslims,” he replied in a low voice.
“Of course! It had to be Janna. Everything is about Janna, isn’t it?” I asked, not really wanting an answer–I already knew it. “You change your religion just for Janna. You change your name just for Janna. You drag me here just for Janna. I marry someone I don’t know and against my will just for Janna. What about me? Do I mean anything to you? Do you remember who I am? I’m your little sister, Joseph. I’m your family, your blood!” I cried, tears and pain staining my entire face.
“Yoseph! What is your sister saying?” Janna asked with a shaky voice. “What’s going on, Yoseph?”
“You need to get out of here, this is not good for the baby,” the prince said, though not looking at her.
“I’m not leaving this room until I know what’s going on!” Tears sparkled in her brown-chocolate eyes.
“I’ll tell you what’s going on,” I said.
“Princess, please,” the prince begged.
“You ask me please? She needs to know what kind of a man she just got married to, what kind of a jerk as you put it yesterday!” I told him.
“Marie, don’t,” Joseph pleaded.
“Your beloved husband brought me here for his wedding, only for me to discover later that it was my own wedding along with yours! I had no freaking clue!” I told her, my eyes never leaving Joseph’s.
“He tricked me, he betrayed me, he destroyed me, he killed me, killed my soul!” Tears laced my voice, and I sounded like someone who’d just lost a loved one for good.
But it was true: I was that person. I’d just lost a loved one, too. I’d just lost my brother. It would’ve been so much better if I was standing now at his funeral, for then he still would’ve been the good, kind, caring Joseph I’d known all of my life. The one who would give up his everything for my happiness–not the one who would take my everything, the one who would drown me in an angry ocean for his own peace and joy. The one who would leave his faith for his own selfish desires.
I’d rather he was dead.
I really did.
“You make it look like I threw you in hell! Look at you! They call you a princess. You have diamonds covering you from head to foot!”
“Are you serious? Are you listening to yourself right now? I don’t care, Joseph, I don’t care about any of it!” I yanked the crown I had on off of my head and threw it to the floor. “I just want to go home!”
“You won’t. You belong with your husband.”
His words hit me like a huge rock to my head. That was the end. Everything ended there. He had planned it all. He knew even before I came here that when I did, there would be no coming back from it.
The part of him that loved God and wished to always please him was gone. I couldn’t even work on that part, where I could’ve told him that he should help me get out of this, just for God’s sake and his forgiveness. But...he had already given him up–he gave up everything.
“Of course you gave up Jesus, no surprise there,” I chuckled bitterly after a moment. “You already gave up your own freaking sister!”
“Would you just shut up!” Joseph yelled his anger, and I heard a growl coming from beside me.
“Or what, Big Bro?” I crossed my arms in front of my chest. “You’ll put a gun to my head if I don’t, just like you did to force me into signing the papers?”
At the same second I finished my words, the prince was in front of my brother, taking him by the tie he was wearing and rolling it over his hand then pulling hard, choking him while the other fisted his hair.
My heart swelled at the sight. Ached. My hands wanted to grab the prince and move him away, force him to leave my brother alone. But my legs wouldn’t move. I just stood there and watched, fear consuming me. Fear for my brother and his life as I saw him struggling for a breath. But I stood still, watching with panicked and teary eyes, clutching my cross once again for protection and the feeling of safety I longed to feel.
“You put a gun to her head?” the prince asked through clenched teeth, his tone scary and his look frightening.
“Arghhh…” Joseph made strangled noises, not able to say a word.
“I dare you to think of lying.” The prince tightened his grip on the tie and pulled harder.
Joseph was barely able to nod.
“You lowlife scum!” Curses were yelled, filled with rage and hate. His hand that was fisting Joseph’s hair came up in the air, ready to be thrown to my brother’s face.
“Mazen,” Janna choked out through her gasps, making the prince turn to glance her way. A look of worry flashed in his eyes, which softened for only a second before he looked at my brother again.
“Get out of here before I blacken your other eye like I did the first,” he growled. “I’m not done with you.” He pushed him roughly, causing him to fall to the floor, right at the same second I heard a thud right beside me.
Janna had passed out.


“Are you fucking happy with yourself now?” Joseph…Yoseph, or whoever snarled, looking at me with blaming eyes.
He blamed me for his wife’s fainting. Like I had done all the wrong, caused all the hurt, all of the pain. Like I had knocked her up at the age of seventeen, knocked her up when she was one of the people who believed in no sex before marriage, knocked her up when she was one of the people who punished those who have sex outside of wedlock–by killing them off, I might add.
He should’ve only blamed himself. Everything was his fault, not mine. What I did wasn’t wrong, not at all. It was right. If I was married to someone who had destroyed others’ lives for his own happiness and well-being–I would’ve liked for someone to tell me, to let me know what kind of a person I’d married, and vowed to obey and please for the rest of my life. I would’ve liked to learn that the happiness I had–if any–was stolen from someone else, leaving them miserable and wretched.
I would’ve liked to know that my husband buried someone alive to bring me a life.
I had done nothing wrong in telling Janna the truth, and I didn’t regret it, not even the slightest bit.
“If you know what is good for you, you’ll keep that filthy mouth of yours shut,” the prince warned with a deadly glare, shutting Joseph up right that second, before focusing back on Janna in his arms.
When she fainted, the two of them had run to her, a panicked and a frightened ‘Janna’ were cried out loudly from both of them. The prince carried her after pushing Joseph away by the shoulder when he tried to carry her himself, then he placed her on one of the couches, fixing pillows under her legs then rubbing behind her ear to get the blood pumping to her head normally again.
I just sat there on the floor, right where I had been standing just five minutes ago. One hand was tangled in my hair that had gotten messy when I yanked the crown off of my head, and the other was drawing unrecognizable designs in the thick carpet beneath me with one finger.
My eyes were watching my hand as if I was curious to find out what I was drawing, not that I was trying to distract myself from looking at the scene playing out in front of me, the scene of two men. Two brothers.
One of them was a brother looking all concerned and troubled for his sister. A brother that was an Arab, a Muslim. A terrorist in my book.
When I looked at him, I wondered if he’d ever put a gun to the head of the unconscious girl lying in front of me. I believed in my heart that he would never do something like that, not because of the words he had told me yesterday about how he would’ve given up his whole life for hers–for he had said other hurtful ones to her not so long ago–but because of the look I was seeing in his eyes with my own: he was worried to death about his sister.
The man that was standing beside him with blond hair and blue eyes, dressed in a designer suit, all modern, all educated. He’d lived a life that was considered the best, he’d gotten everything he’d ever wanted and more. He craved nothing, he had a great job, he had friends, and he had a best friend…he’d held a gun to said best friend’s head. His only family.
How was that even possible?
How was it possible that the terrorist was looking all compassionate and caring, while the one who was raised with the religion of love was able to shoot his sister those glares and dreadful looks he was sending her–me–right now?
How could the terrorist be okay with dying if it meant his sister’s life would be saved, while the other brother was okay with killing his own sister or scaring her to near death just to get to live happily ever after?
What is happening to the world?
Why?
How?
I was very confused. Shocked. Hurt. I was going insane.
“Janna,” the prince called her name again: still no response from her.
“Dear God!” Joseph said in frustration, his hand fisting his own mess of hair that was caused by the prince’s hand just a few minutes ago.
“Which one?” I found myself asking. I didn’t need an answer. I think I didn’t care anymore at that point. Because it seemed that my brother was long gone, and in his place was this man who looked a lot like him from the outside, but not on the inside, not even close.
His glare-reply was cut off when his wife finally responded to her brother’s pleas with a moan.
“Janna?” the prince tried one more time.
“Mazen?” she whispered with her eyes still closed, bringing her hand up to rub her forehead slowly.
“Janna!” came Joseph’s relieved voice. He was kneeling on the floor beside the couch she was lying on, love seeping out of him, making me wonder about his ability to love so much even with all of the hate he was able to send my way.
“Yoseph…” she whispered, then her eyes snapped wide open, staring at him with a strange expression, as if she didn’t know who he was. When her eyes got all teary a second later, she moved her head toward the other direction and away from him, saying something in Arabic that sounded like a plea.
My doubts were confirmed when the prince spoke. “She wants you out of here. Do it. Now,” he snarled.
“Janna, please, Angel Girl,” Joseph begged. “I can explain.”
I internally snorted as I slightly shook my head at the sound of his words. What could he do to explain his actions and what he’d done to me? To her? To the prince? To all of us? He’d fooled everyone. What was there to explain?
“I don’t want to hear your voice–get out of here, please!” she cried, still looking away from him.
“Janna, I’m begging you, hear me ou-” Joseph tried again, but before he could finish his words, the prince was grabbing him by the back of his collar, pulling him hard and forcing him to stand on his feet, then dragging him all the way to the door, and shoving his stumbling form out of the room.
“Mona! This is not allowed in here under any circumstances until I say otherwise, understood?” he said with a firm voice that was even firmer than his grip was on my brother’s throat minutes ago.
It didn’t escape my notice that he referred to him as ‘this’ and not ‘he’. I kind of, sort of...liked it.
“Yes, Prince Mazen,” Mona replied.
When the door was closed, Janna started with the ugly crying, wailing and sobbing; it was kind of sad. I felt sympathy for her. I knew the feeling. To be lied to. To be betrayed. It was hard. But I wasn’t going to be the one to soothe her. I couldn’t. I wouldn’t.
She had a caring brother to do so.
I didn’t.
Envying her was something I could do, though.
So, I did.
When the prince smoothed her hair and patted her head, I envied her some more.
Janna started mumbling in Arabic, choking and sobbing strangled words through her tears as she sat up on the couch. The prince listened to all of it, not looking at her, but still not interrupting her. He let her say all of what she had to say. He looked disgusted, mad even. But he said nothing for a few moments, until he spoke the words, “What did you expect from someone who didn’t respect you enough to marry you before doing what he did to you?” Janna cried even harder, putting her hand over her chest and the other over her stomach, agony written all over her shaking form.
“Does it hurt anywhere?” his once again concerned voice asked.
She shook her head, tears streaming down her face, eyes locked on the floor where she’d had them focused since she sat up.
“You need to calm down. All of this stress will go straight to the baby inside of you. Even if the father was a jerk, the baby doesn’t deserve to suffer,” he advised his sister.
She nodded, but didn’t stop crying. It was getting on my nerves. I stood up, used the hidden door we’d come from, and left.



In front of the window, I couldn’t find more tears to shed. I was choking up with all of the emotions inside of me. I’d just learned so much more about my brother’s betrayal, his change, and his failure.
He’d failed in so many things, in so many ways. He’d failed me as a brother, failed his wife as a husband. Failed his God as a Christian. He’d failed himself as a human being.
He’d become a monster.
Evil.
He’d become someone I didn’t want to know.
My heart was heavy, and my shoulders even heavier. I felt like I was carrying the whole world on them. A world that was crueler than cruelness, and uglier than ugliness.
I wanted to go back to my own country.
This was not my place, this was not my comfort, this was not my home.
Maybe some of the people here were really nice to me, but those were not my people.
I wanted safety.
I wanted comfort.
I wanted protection.
I wanted my people.
I wanted out.
I wanted home.
My chest tightened, as did my grip on my cross. I closed my eyes and prayed with everything in me for God to give me any of those, anything at all until I could find a way out.
I prayed, and my heart pleaded.
I prayed, and my heart bled.
I prayed, and my heart swelled.
I prayed, and my heart begged.
I was drained.
I wanted to cry.
But my tears were too stubborn.
I wanted to scream.
But my voice was betraying me.
I wanted to wake up.
But my eyes wouldn’t obey. They whispered to me that I wasn’t dreaming and there was nothing they could do. I didn’t want to believe them.
I wanted out.
Safety?
Comfort?
Protection?
Out?
Please, please, please!
When my eyes opened again, the prince was close by. I hadn’t even heard him enter the room: I was too caught up with my prayers. He, too, was gazing out the window. His face looked a lot like I was feeling. I saw the pain, I saw the sorrow, and I saw the weight of miserableness shadowing his eyes.
I didn’t like the sight.
My heart told me so.
My heart hated to see the prince like that. And for a moment, I forgot my own pain and wanted to ease his.
No idea why.
My hand left my cross and rested limply by my side. The motion must’ve caught the prince’s attention because he then looked at me.
Our eyes, though different in color, matched in feelings.
He had been played, too.
It was not an easy sensation. I could tell. Oh boy, could I tell!
A moment passed of eyes speaking in their own language. Words were exchanged. I knew them in my heart. But my mind refused to acknowledge them. I wouldn’t acknowledge them. They weren’t right.
“Are you alright?” he asked in a low voice.
I smiled sadly at him, shrugging one shoulder in response, not able to speak: my emotions suffocating me.
His smile, just like his eyes, matched mine.
It was sad. Both of them. Smile and eyes. And our situation. All were sad.
“Janna is resting in the living room. She requested some time alone and I couldn’t deny her,” he told me. “She’s not ready to deal with h-…things, yet.”
I nodded. Not really caring where she was or what she was doing.
“It’s killing her.”
I didn’t care.
“That all of this happened to you because of her…it’s killing her.”
Her regret wouldn’t do me any good. I was stuck here because of her. I couldn’t go home because of her. I lost my brother because of her.
I nodded stiffly. I didn’t want to hear it. I didn’t want to hear any of it. I didn’t care. I wanted out. I wanted home.
Minutes passed. I was still gazing out the window, and my heart was still bleeding. I was still choking up, my throat still closing even tighter, and my eyes were still dry. Stinging, burning, hurting. But, still dry.
“Princess,” the prince whispered. My eyes left the window and rested on his. They were still the same. Just like mine. “I’m so terribly sorry for what he has done to you,” he said. “I knew it was horrible, but I couldn’t imagine for the life of me that it was that ugly, that he would do something that horrifying.” His apology for what he didn’t do was so sincere, honest and genuine, it made my heart ache, my eyes burn and my lips tremble.
“You must’ve been really scared,” he whispered, his voice pained and his eyes sorrowful.
Without a second thought, I found myself running the one-and-a-half steps that separated us before launching myself into his arms, hugging him tight, almost as if I couldn’t get close enough.
For a brief moment, he just stood there, completely frozen, not even breathing. Shocked, I could tell. Heck, I was shocked myself, but it was another thing I didn’t care about. I just wanted this. I wanted it bad.
With hesitation, the prince surrounded my body with his unsure arms, tightening them around me when I hugged him tighter, holding me to him and pressing harder every time I pressed hard.
“I was so scared,” I sobbed into his chest, my eyes finally letting go of my tears. “So, so scared, I thought he was going to kill me, I really thought he was going to do it. I was shaking: I could barely hold the pen. I couldn’t escape, I was afraid to say another ‘no’, I had no choice but to sign the papers. He was frightening, he was scary, he scared me. I could hardly breathe, I could hardly move, I had nowhere to go, I had no one to hold, I had no one to keep me safe,” I cried hysterically, holding him tighter with every new word I spoke. He would press even more every time I did it, until it was almost painful. Almost. But not quite.
“Shhh,” the prince soothed, his hand finding my hair, smoothing it with soft caresses, his other hand holding me to him, pressing. Hard. Tight. But not close enough. “You’re safe. I’ll keep you safe. I promise, I promise,” he whispered his promise.
My prayer of safety–—it was answered.
“No one will touch a hair on your head, no one would ever dare. Not as long as I breathe,” he spoke into my hair, as his hand hugged my head to his chest. “I swear.”
My prayer of comfort–—it was answered.
The prince backed away the tiniest bit, and both hands left their previous places on my head and back, moving to hold my face between them. His eyes stared deep into mine. His thumbs wiped away the tears that wet my cheeks. His tone was filled with hope when he asked, “Do you believe me, Princess? Do you believe me?” 
I couldn’t lie to myself. I couldn’t lie to him. With the little space his hands gave me, I nodded.
He took me into his arms again, hugged me again, let me bury my head into his chest again, let me breathe him in again.
My prayer of protection—it was answered.
The prince held me until my tears dried, rocking us back and forth a few times, slowly, lazily. He moved his hand over my hair, sent his comfort over my heart. He whispered to me once again that he’d keep me safe, reassuring me once again that he meant it.
I felt much of what I had craved in my perfect stranger’s arms.
He smelled like sandalwood and safety. He hugged like softness and comfort. He whispered like quietness and protection.
I knew that I’d spent too long in his arms, but it felt like mere seconds. And when there was a knock on the door, I pretended that I didn’t hear it. And when the prince heard it, I wanted to tell him to ignore it. And when he backed away from me, I wanted to beg him to come back. To put me back. In his arms. I wanted back.
The knocks weren’t coming from the main door, but from one of the hidden doors. The one that led to the living room. The room that Janna was staying in.
She entered on the invitation presented by the prince. Swollen eyes, swollen lips, pink nose, and red cheeks.
I didn’t want to look at her. I didn’t want to feel anything for her, but the miserable look in her eyes--that I’d come to know very well lately--prevented me from blocking those feelings of sympathy and sorrow for her.
She wanted to talk. I didn’t want to.
Little did I know that on Janna’s hands I would be getting the answer for my last prayer.
An out.
Home.


I didn’t like the situation I was in. I didn’t like her being that way. I couldn’t bear it.
Maybe I was mad at her, in a way. Maybe I blamed her for what was happening to me. Maybe I said all I’d said for revenge. To make my brother suffer with her knowledge, and to make her suffer with said knowledge, too. But…I wasn’t cold-hearted.
It was such torture.
To have her on her knees. In front of me. All tears. All begging. All pain. It was such torture.
I hated it.
My own tears fell as I looked away from her kneeling-begging form. I pressed on my lips hard and then harder to hold in the words I wanted to tell her, but my heart wasn’t letting me do it.
“Please, Marie, please,” Janna begged. “I can’t take anymore, I can’t stand you hating me too. I have no one left,” she cried.
It broke my heart.
“I’ll do anything, please,” she sobbed. “Just, please, forgive me. I didn’t know. I swear to God, I didn’t know.”
I couldn’t take it anymore.
“I forgive you,” I whispered with a shaking voice.



“It’s just too much to take in,” Janna said, wiping tears. “I still can’t believe it.”
“Same here,” I sighed, resting my back on the armchair.
After I’d told her that I forgave her, she asked if we could talk for a few minutes. Even if she didn’t beg with words for that, she did beg with her eyes–so much, at that. And I just couldn’t say no to her; she looked miserable enough.
So, we ended up sitting in the same spot where we’d met the Queen Mother a few hours ago. The prince also had closed the walls once again, giving us more privacy or whatever, while he stayed on the other side.
I wondered what he was doing.
My mind kept drifting back to the minutes I’d spent in his arms and how his embrace had felt. I kept thinking of all of the thoughts that roamed through my head then, the feelings that filled my heart and…the sensations caused by touching his body, that way.
I had no idea what had gotten me to do such a thing, to need such a thing, to feel such a thing. It was really strange, and I was so afraid of thinking about it, only because I already knew what my mind would come up with eventually as an explanation for my actions. It was scary. And not right. Wrong.
“It makes me wonder if anything he ever told me was true,” Janna sniffed, pulling me away from my thoughts. “I mean, did he really love me at all? Or was it all for who I was? But then again–he didn’t know about my family until after we found out about the pregnancy.” She touched her stomach. “It can’t be true that he played me that much, could it?”
I didn’t reply to her. I couldn’t. I didn’t know the answer, for I was a lot like her, feeling the same. I didn’t know him anymore, didn’t know what was real and what was a lie. I didn’t know how to find out if it was just a game of his, another way to deceive and betray, or just to fix mistakes and right wrongs.
“I can’t help but think that even his converting was fake. God, Marie. That would end me!” she wailed.
I bit my bottom lip and fought tears, shaking my head to shrug them away. Here she was, begging with all of her might for his change of religion to be sincere, honest; while on the other hand, I wished with everything in me for it to be just another lie of his.
I still hoped for anything. I still hoped at least for him to remain Christian–if he was still Christian, that is.
“Why did he have to convert to Islam, anyway?” I asked.
“We’re not allowed to marry non-Muslims,” she replied.
“Yeah, I heard,” I told her. “I mean, why didn’t I have to change my religion to be able to marry a Muslim?” I was still Christian and would forever be one: the cross on my chest told everyone here that. The queen knew that, so I didn’t think that my brother had lied about it. I wondered why it was different when a Muslim woman married a Christian, than a Christian woman marrying a Muslim?
Janna drew in a long breath and let it out in a heavy sigh, then she spoke. “It’s pretty complicated, I don’t know how to explain it,” she started. “I think it’s safe to say that the main reason is that the children follow their father’s religion. Another reason is that in Islam we do believe in Christianity and Judaism. We believe that we all worship the same God, that the three holy books were sent from him, the one and only God, but just like Judaism doesn’t believe in Christianity or Islam while Islam believes in both, Christianity doesn’t believe in Islam but believes in Judaism. 
“There is also a rule in Islam that forbids anyone to force another into becoming Muslim, so no Muslim male would ever force his non-Muslim wife into becoming a Muslim, too. But there is no such a rule in Christianity or Judaism, so you can’t guarantee that a non-Muslim husband wouldn’t force his wife into converting to his religion, you know? Also, there are lots of things that we practice every day, like praying and so on, and a non-Muslim husband could prevent his Muslim wife from doing this or that, which would affect her relationship with God,” she explained.
Wow! How did she even understand what she was saying? It was really complicated. But I had to admit, it made sense and was somewhat convincing.
I nodded my head slowly as I tried to take in everything she’d said. Glad to know that they had such a rule, because religion wasn’t something you could shove down someone’s throat. It’s a belief. Comes from the heart and to the heart. It was good to hear that no one was going to think of forcing me into changing my religion while I stayed here, because God knows I wouldn’t do it even if it cost me my life.
“Why did he have to change his name?” I asked after a moment of silence.
“He didn’t have to,” she replied, shrugging her shoulders. “It’s optional as long as your name isn’t offensive to Islam. His old name wasn’t, but he wanted to change it, anyway.”
“How was it even possible to do all of that in such a short time? I mean, you’re still in your first trimester, right?” I wondered.
“It’s not a huge deal when you’re royal, Marie. All of the legal papers and so on were taken care of in one day, no big deal,” she said. “As for his converting, it only takes the person saying, ‘There is no God but Allah and Muhammad is his servant and prophet,’ to become a Muslim – after that comes the practicing and stuff. God is the only one who could judge what’s in your heart, though. Not people.” A tear escaped her eyes, and I knew why it was there; she had begun to doubt everything about my brother after what I’d told her earlier. I didn’t blame her, and I could only imagine what she was going through right now.
Yes, I was betrayed, as well. Big time. But for her, the guilt of her mistake that had caused all of this was topping all of it. She must’ve really been suffering.
It didn’t escape me that she’d put all of her pain aside and took the time to explain things to me, because I was completely clueless about the whole thing. About Islam all together, to be quite honest. I didn’t know if it was because of what she felt for me. Because ‘it was killing her’–as the prince had put it–what her actions did to me: causing me to witness things I would’ve never thought I would face in my life. Or if it was the pure kindness in her and she was genuinely that nice and that was a part of her nature–to put her feelings aside for others.
Whichever way, the weight of the world of sadness and sorrow was filling her chocolate-brown eyes, and I felt the undeniable urge to try to ease it somehow. Her pain, I wanted to ease.
“You do realize that he did all he did for you, Janna, don’t you?” I asked in a low voice.
A new round of tears attacked her cheeks as she cried her pain.
“I didn’t mean to. I’m sorry, I swear, I’m so, so sorry.”
“No, no. I didn’t mean it that way. Please, don’t misunderstand me.” Way to go, Marie. You upset her even more! “I meant that he went through all of this just for you, because he loves you, Janna. He really does,” I reassured her.
She looked at me with her tears-clouded eyes. “Does he, really? Why don’t you believe he only did it out of pity? He knew they would’ve killed me if we couldn’t get married. I wish he would’ve let them do it; I wouldn’t have let you and my brother suffer because of my own mistake.”
“Hey, don’t say that,” I said. “No one deserves to die...to get killed... because of a moment of weakness,” I found myself reassuring her.
“Marie, you can’t imagine what I’ve been through since that day,” she sobbed. “It’s only gone from bad to worse. I’ve been to Hell and back. Several times. I lost the little respect I had from my own family. Mazen was my everything. IS my everything. And he can barely look me in the eyes. Do you have any idea how that makes me feel? He had to give up a lot for me, and now to discover that you didn’t even want it, and that he knows it? It’s breaking my heart into pieces. I could’ve never imagined that my actions would hurt the one I love the most that way.”
I swallowed.
Give up a lot, as in…his cousin?
“My father had a stroke when he found out about my pregnancy. He’s been lying in bed since then, God only knows if he’ll ever recover from it.” She wiped more tears with the side of her pointer finger.
The king was sick? How bad? What did that mean for the prince? Would he be the next king if his father died? But…his heir. He didn’t have one. What did that mean?
“If it wasn’t for Mazen, Fahd would’ve beaten me to death. I could only be thankful that Mazen was there when he started hitting me and I ended up with few strikes to the face instead of broken bones and a miscarriage–he was so mad.”
Oh, my God! Her other brother hit her? That’s horrible!
What is wrong with some brothers?
“My stepmother couldn’t hate me more, and after what happened has cost Mazen, she could only wish they did kill me instead of the trading,” she wept. “Oh, my God! I’m sorry, Marie, I didn’t mean it that way–it’s just she wanted him to marry another, it’s her sister’s daughter an-”
“It’s okay, Janna,” I interrupted her. “Don’t worry about it.”
It wasn’t like I cared who the prince would’ve married if he wouldn’t have had to marry me.
I just couldn’t understand the swell in my heart at the mention of him marrying another.
It was stupid.
I shouldn’t have felt anything.
It wasn’t right.
Wrong.
“It’s only Mazen I care about. I wish he could forgive me someday,” she sniffled. “But he said that it wouldn’t happen in this lifetime,” she said with sorrow, looking down at her hands in her lap.
“You’re so important to your brother, Janna. He told me so himself.”
She smiled sadly. “I’ve never doubted his love; I owe him my life. But for him to forgive me…I don’t think he ever will. And now with everything–I’m glad I still get to breathe the same air he’s breathing, for another one would wish me death instead of what I’d brought on him.”
Ouch!
“When Yoseph told me that you were excited about the idea of marrying my brother, I about died out of happiness. I couldn’t believe it myself. I really thought that death was what was to come for me next, and in one day, with your approval of marrying Mazen, I found hope again,” she told me. “I had that niggling feeling that it wasn’t true, that it was unbelievable for an independent, young American woman as beautiful as you to accept an arranged marriage, but I shrugged it away and told myself to just be grateful.
“I was brought to life again; I couldn’t have been any happier. But I didn’t know that it was all fake. I had absolutely no idea.
“Yoseph told me that I had to prepare everything for you myself because we wouldn’t have time to wait for you to come to the kingdom then start preparing. I bought you everything I had bought for myself and a bit more. When I liked a piece of clothing, I bought two of them, one for me and one for you. And if I could find only one of it, I’d put it in your closet instead of having it for myself. I arranged everything in our wedding with only you in my head. I wanted you to have the best of everything: it was the least I could offer you after what you were doing for me.
“I was surprised that only you and Yoseph came in the plane, and only half a day before the wedding day, but again Yoseph told me that you two were each other’s only family, and that your job and your busy lives left no time for friends or anything like that. I was upset you missed your henna night, but there was nothing I could do about it. I made sure that my cousin would be with you the whole day. Huda is my best friend, and I was sure she could make you feel as welcome as possible, better than anyone else. I then made sure that at least half of the princesses in the kingdom were there beside you instead of being with me because I didn’t want you to be alone at your own wedding.
“I tried, Marie. I really tried. I wanted to do anything to make you happy. I had no idea that you were just about to get that destroyed. And all because of me. God! I’m so sorry,” she cried. It seemed like her tears would never dry.
My heart ached for her. Her words, her kindness and her actions…it all made it so easy to see why my brother was head over heels about her. She was so easy to fall in love with.
An angel.
My hand reached out and touched the back of hers. “Stop it with that, Janna.” I told her gently. “No more apologizing, I’ve already told you I forgive you.”
Another sad smile that reminded me a lot of her brother’s. “Thank you,” she whispered, and after a pause of silence she spoke again,
“When he came back after handing the sheet to my maid the morning after the wedding sporting a black eye, he told me he fell.” She chuckled humorlessly. “His lies didn’t stop even after the wedding; it hurts me even more.”
I shook my head slightly. No wonder the prince was calmer when he came back yesterday: he had taken his rage out on my brother.
Served him right. I wasn’t even slightly upset about it.
“Why did you need to give them a sheet, anyway? Your family already knew that you weren’t a virgin!”
“Um, yeah. Only my brothers, father and stepmother, but not the rest of the family. God forbid they know!”
“So, you had fake evidence of a virginity loss on your sheet, as well,” I sighed.
Janna looked at me with a questioning look in her eyes. I knew she wanted to ask something; it was very clear in her eyes. But instead, she only bit her bottom lip and looked down again.
“Yeah. Thank God ‘common deflowering’ is no longer practiced nowadays, as it was before. Or I would’ve been dead by now when they practiced it on me,” she said, her face paling as she spoke the words.
What the heck is ‘common deflowering’?
“Common deflowering?” I questioned.
“Trust me, you don’t want to know,” she said, shuddering slightly.
“No, really, tell me,” I insisted.
Janna sighed. “It’s a very old custom that some had practiced forever. On someone’s wedding night, they would bring some women from the families of both the bride and the groom, and they would, uh…” She bit her lip, her already-flushed cheeked reddening even more.
“What?”
“They would pin the bride down roughly while one of them took her virginity with her...uh, her white-cloth-covered finger while the groom watched, as well as the rest of the women obviously.”
My eyes widened and my jaw dropped to the floor. “That’s freaking disgusting!”
“I know! It’s horrible.” Janna shook her head. “If the bride turned out not to be a virgin, they’d kill her on the spot and considered her as if she had never been born.”
My God!
“But, thank God it’s fading away with time; you hardly hear about it anymore other than with the Bedouins who still practice it to this day. It hasn’t happened in the royal family in decades, though.”
“It should never happen at all,” I told her, disgust filling my voice.
“True,” Janna said. “Islam promises whoever does something as horrible as that towards a woman with hellfire, but I guess religion is not their priority when it comes to honor, just like the killing itself if it’s proven the bride wasn’t a virgin. It’s a grave sin.”
“That’s really sad,” I said. If their religion wasn’t supportive of it, why couldn’t they obey it? Nothing in the whole world justified killing another soul. Let alone for a mistake or a moment of weakness.
“It is.”
“They should make a law against those who do that, it’s not right!” I said.
“Oh, Marie. I wish,” Janna said sincerely.
It was like I had forgotten everything the two of us were going through at the mention of this subject matter. It was such a terrible thing to do, and I couldn’t believe that some people still practiced it.
“If it has nothing to do with the religion, how did it start, then?”
“I don’t know. Some people say that in the very old days, the enemies used to deflower young girls and teenagers in front of their fathers and brothers to humiliate them, to let them see how their enemy could do whatever they wanted to their girls right before their eyes without them being able to do anything about it.” she explained. “They say that they even used to do it using a sword or a knife.”
“Oh, my God!” I gushed.
“Yeah. So, the families after that used to deflower their girls themselves to prevent them from facing that fate or to make them less appealing to the soldiers, you know? It’s like that saying, I’m not sure what exactly it was but it’s something along the lines of ‘I’ll kill my children myself instead of handing them over to evil hands’–or something like that.”
“Yeah, yeah, I know what you mean.”
“So basically after that people kept doing the same thing, thinking it was a sign of honor or whatever.”
“That’s really, really nauseating,” I told her, still not able to process everything she was saying.
“Some people say that ancient civilizations used to do it to satisfy the Gods of Evil, giving them something of the bride, and what is more precious for a girl than her virginity, right?” A wave of sadness washed over her pitiful-ever-after face as she said that.
“Yeah.”
“Some others say that the ancients did it to control the girl’s lust, by circumcising her once she was barely aware of things around her, then once again on her first night of her adult life, because they believed that the soul’s discipline comes only from pain and humiliation.”
“Okay, seriously, we need to stop talking about that because I’m really going to throw up.” I wasn’t lying.
Those people were nutcases!
“I told you so.”
“Remind me not to doubt you again.”
Janna offered me a small smile–of course it didn’t reach her eyes, but it was there anyway.
Such a young, beautiful girl with a heavy heart and troubled features.
May God forgive you, Joseph. I never would.
“There is something I don’t understand, Janna,” I said after yet another minute of silence, and she waited for me to continue. “Was it convincing to you and the family that I would just give up everything, including my parents’ company, and come live here just like that? Wasn’t it a bit strange to any of you that I would easily do something like that?” I asked.
“No, of course not. Like I told you, I had some doubts, but Yoseph never said you’d give up your share of the company or anything like that. He told us that you would take care of the company’s branch here until it was finished, then you’ll be the manager of it from then on, while he takes over the management of the company’s headquarters in New York, which made sense and made it even more believable.”
I nodded. At least he wasn’t going to try and take the company away from me. Because when it came to that, he could only try. It was my parents’ company. I would’ve killed for it.
“I can’t stay here, Janna,” I told her honestly, finding her to be the only person I could tell this to because no one else would understand, just like I knew she found me to be the only one she could open her heart to because no one else would listen. “This is not my home. You have no idea how it’s hurting me that I’m away from my country and my people.”
Janna’s troubled features turned into wretched ones. She looked like someone who was in great pain, like someone was pulling her heart out. Slowly. And I was really upset that I had once again reminded her of what her actions did to me. The prince’s words found their way into my head yet again: ‘It’s killing her’. 
But before I could apologize once again or remind her that I’d forgiven her, she asked, “Do you want to get a divorce?” 
“Obviously,” I replied, rolling my eyes.
“What did Mazen say? Or haven’t you spoken to him about it yet?”
“I did. He said we had to wait for six months. But, Janna,” I looked her in the eyes. “I can’t stay here for six months. I’ll die.”
Our eyes stayed locked together in a strong stare, only to be broken by another tear falling from her eyes onto her cheek, matching the same motions that my own tears made.
“I’ll fix my mistake, Marie,” Janna whispered.
I looked at her with questioning eyes, frowning.
“I’ll get you out of here.”


“I’ll get you out of here.”
Out of here. The only thing I longed to do since I’d stepped foot in this very room, two days ago.
Out of here. The only thing I’d never wanted more in my whole life than I wanted it.
Out of here. The only thing I never thought I’d want so much, and yet, when I saw a hope of it coming true, I’d feel so much worry and…fear.
It was really confusing. I knew with every cell in my body that I wanted to leave the kingdom, that I wanted that ‘Out of here.’ That I needed to go back home. I knew it in my heart. I knew it in my mind, in my soul. But when Janna spoke the words, fear crept into my heart, and for a split second, I thought that it wasn’t actually something I wanted to do.
“Uh-…what?”
“I’ll get you out of here, Marie,” Janna whispered again.
“What do you mean ‘get me out of here’? You mean I can leave? To my country?” My eyes were wide open and my throat was tightly closed.
“Yes. That’s what you want, right?”
“Uh…” What’s wrong with you, Marie Grace? You should be screaming in joy! “I mean…uh, yes, of course. But your broth-”
“I know what he must’ve said, but just forget it, okay? I can’t stand the fact that you’re staying here against your will, on top of everything else that has happened to you. Because of me, that is. I’ll get you out of here and you’ll forget all of this in no time, like a bad dream, I promise,” she said, tears streaming down her face.
“But-”
“There is no but, Marie, let me help. Please, let me fix my mistake, please. I want to fix this.”
What. Is. Wrong with you? A voice in my head screamed at me. I really didn’t know what was wrong with me. The way I was acting, all hesitant and scared, it wasn’t me. I knew I should be jumping up and down in delight. I was finally getting my wish. I was going to get out of this hellhole, with the help of someone who knew the place very well. I wouldn’t need to search for anything or run without any clue as to where I was going like I had planned to do. I should be grateful. I should pray and thank God for answering my prayers. Why the hesitation? Why?
Suddenly, doubt filled my heart. What if this was all a game? What if Janna was testing me, just to learn my intentions and then go tell her brother? What if this was her way of getting back at me for causing all of this trouble between her and her husband?
But, no. It couldn’t be. She wouldn’t do that. She didn’t look like the kind of person who would do that. Just look at her: she was broken and hurt. She was begging me to let her help. She was regretful and only wanted to ‘fix her mistake’ as she put it. She couldn’t be that mean. Or, at all.
I shrugged the thought away from my mind. It was crazy. I was being really paranoid. I should be thankful. Thankful, not doubtful and suspicious.
“Uh...how?”
Janna was just opening her mouth to speak, but before she could do so, we heard a knock on the door.
I just stared at the door then looked at Janna when she didn’t say anything. She pointed with a side nod of her head towards the door, motioning for me to say something to let the person–whom I assumed to be Mona–in, reminding me that it was my place.
My place?
Where the heck did that come from?
“Come in,” I called.
Like I’d assumed, Mona came in, her face now no longer covered. In her hand was something golden that looked like the World Cup, only without the ball, and there was smoke coming out of it.
She looked surprised when she saw Janna but she didn’t say anything, only nodded her head once in greeting or acknowledgment which Janna returned with nod of her own.
Mona then came toward me with the World Cup thing and held it near my face. My eyes widened in fright and I jerked myself back and away from it, shielding my face with my arm–which earned me confused looks from both Mona and Janna.
“What are you doing?” I asked in terror. I couldn’t believe that Mona wanted to burn me with that thing.
“Uh, what do you think, Princess?” Mona asked.
“Think of what?”
“The incense?”
I moved my head a little from behind my arm and peeked at the World Cup, the strong, warm scent hitting me immediately.
“Oh!” was all I replied with.
“Do you approve, Princess?”
“Approve of what?”
“Uh, is the scent okay to you for me to spread it all over the wing? It’s a tradition, but you have to approve of the smell of it,” Mona explained.
“Uh, yeah, okay.”
Whatever!
Mona moved around us, filling every corner with the sweet, exotic perfume. It smelled like a very strong kind of musk but with a hint of ambergris mixed to it. The mix smelled amazing, like nothing I’ve ever smelled before, and it kind of relaxed my anxiety a bit.
There were no more words spoken between Janna and me; she seemed to be drowning in her thoughts while I watched what Mona was doing in amazement. It was an amusing sight.
Mona then opened the sliding wall that separated us from the other side of the room and started doing the same thing with the incense as she had on this side. My eyes roamed all over the place searching for the prince, wanting desperately to know what he was doing for some reason unknown to me. I couldn’t find him.
Finally, Mona knocked on the mirror-door that led to the sunroom, and the prince came out once she stepped inside, but only after waving the smoke in his direction, obviously enjoying the scent.
The deep inhale of breath I watched him take in, and the way he closed his eyes in enjoyment, then the look of peaceful bliss that was painted on his beautiful face and the sweet, soft smile with his eyes still closed: it all did something to my stomach. It fluttered.
I found myself watching him really closely and staring, enjoying and admiring, wishing really hard that he was closer so I could ogle better and see him even more clearly.
I exhaled when he did, my expiration of breath coming out in a soft sigh that left my mouth parted and my eyes focused on the face of the most attractive man I’d ever known.
The prince opened his eyes and as they found mine, the feeling of being in his arms came rushing back to me, consuming me with warmth and safety and making me blush under his heated gaze.
The small smile that was on his lips grew into a one-sided, crooked one that I was very sure had broken so many hearts before. Said smile was infectious and it infected me, because the next thing I did was mimic it, giving it back to him, biting my bottom lip eventually and looking away when my blush deepened and my stomach flipped again.
I heard him approaching and looked up. He stood behind where Janna was sitting and then said, “I apologize if I’m interrupting, but Janna should offer her prayer before the time is up.”
Huh?
“Oh, yes, I should,” Janna told me as she got up, straightening her clothes. “Can I use your bathroom?”
“Uh, yeah, sure.”
Janna smiled slightly and walked to the same door she’d come from that led to the living room, then closed it behind her.
I frowned. “That bathroom has another door?” I pointed behind me.
“Every room has another door or...three, Princess,” he said. “This room has eight.”
My eyes widened.
“She’s not going to use this one, though. It’s only ours. There are four others she could use; she knows the place well.” He smiled softly.
I really didn’t know anything in here at all. I had missed that tour yesterday when I passed out.
I nodded.
Ours. The word rang in my ears again. Why did I like the sound of it so much?
“Excuse me,” the prince excused himself and went to our bathroom.
Ours.



Janna came back after a few minutes and asked about the prince. I pointed to the closet and she came and whispered, “Soon,” into my ear, then sent me a look of reassurance that held the unspoken promise of freedom.
I nodded my head and begged my heart to settle down, for fear had found its way into it again. Fear of the unknown and fear of what I already knew. I was going to escape. It was big. Huge. But I was going to go home. It was all I wanted. So I calmed myself down, shrugged my fear away again. It should be fine. God would help me. He would.
But I was going to be leaving him as well.
What is wrong with you?
What is wrong with you, Marie?
Stop it. Stop it, now!
By the time I woke up from my dazed and troubled thoughts, Janna had already followed the prince to the closet and hadn’t come out. My legs took me there.
The closet was almost as big as the living room, which meant very, very big. Tons of shelves, hundreds of hangers, two dressers, a big wooden chest of drawers in the middle of the room and a large, magical chandelier above it.
And I’d thought my closet was huge.
The prince stood near the chest of drawers, and to his right–but a step behind–stood Janna, her hair covered and her hands folded above her stomach, the same position the prince was taking. I watched with amusement and a frown as they bent, kneeled and touched their heads to the floor–that had two small mats lying on the carpet–then got up and did it all over again. It seemed to me that the prince was taking the lead and Janna was following.
The way they were standing, the humbleness in their poses, the quietness of their voices, and the peaceful hollow that surrounded them, made it easy to understand that they were praying.
I’d never seen how Muslims prayed before–never really thought about it, but to be truthful–it was such a beautiful sight. Organized and neat.
The fact that the two of them threw their problems away and stood together to pray before God was heartwarming. Because this was what religion should be about. Only this. Worshiping. Standing in front of God to pray, to thank, to ask. Religion is a feeling. Faith. Only God should be in your heart, to love him and be loved back by him. There should never be anything other than that. No killing in the name of God, or fighting over who was right and who was wrong, because, after all, religion is peace, love and...worshiping.
We believe that we all worship the same God. Janna’s words found their way to my head, and my fingers found their way to my cross. I held it in my hand and hugged it to my chest, closed my eyes and prayed…just prayed. For God to be with me. And I knew my prayer would be answered just like every other prayer I’d ever prayed.



“We only speak in English in the princess’s presence, Janna. I’d appreciate it if you’d stick to that,” the prince told Janna when she said something to him in Arabic after they finished their prayer, causing me to smile softly.
“Oh, of course,” Janna said. “I’m sorry, Marie.”
“No, it’s fine.”
“I was just asking, why are we praying in the closet?” she asked the prince.
“She’s yet to see any of the other rooms; you know the tradition,” the prince answered with a sigh.
“Oh!” Janna’s eyes were shocked, then they were sad, then ended up with being regretful.
“Uh, what tradition?” I asked.
“The husband is not allowed into any room before his wife,” Janna answered. “It’s a sign of respect.”
Oh!
That’s…nice.
I nodded with another soft smile. I didn’t tell them that it was my first time to see this closet and he has already been in it more than a few times. I didn’t want to upset him…for some reason. But it was really nice of him to respect this little detail of their traditions, even with him knowing that our marriage wasn’t like any other marriage and he didn’t really have to stick to the rules that much with me, or at all. I wasn’t going to judge. Heck, I didn’t know any of it in the first place.
I wasn’t going to judge because I didn’t know…
Was that what the prince had been telling me? ‘Don’t judge without knowledge,’ he had said earlier. Was it true that I didn’t really know anything about Arabs or Muslims and I shouldn’t be judging them to be killers and peace-haters? But…I did know that. I knew enough.
Traps.
Lies.
Games.
Maybe I was learning that a few of them were nice, but I still couldn’t trust them. And all of those thoughts–the stupid thoughts–I’d had about the prince should be forgotten. I wasn’t that dumb. I refused to be.
The prince got up from his praying place and offered Janna his hand; she took it and stood up. “Woah!” she said.
“Are you okay?” the prince asked his sister, tightening his grip on her hand.
“Um…I’m not-” Janna sounded out of breath as if she’d just run a mile. “I–uh, I don’t feel–” She wasn’t able to finish her words before suddenly throwing up all over the floor, her dress, and…the prince.
“Janna!” It wasn’t a complaint; it was a concerned call.
I took a step back and looked away, listening to Janna as she gagged and apologized with a faint ‘Sorry.’ The prince hushed her with soothing promises of how ‘Everything will be okay,’ and ‘You’ll feel better now.’
“Mona!”
I thought she would come out of the sunroom since I hadn’t seen her leave it, but she came in through the main bedroom door, informing me silently and without me asking that the sunroom had another door.
Too. Many. Doors. I groaned internally.
The prince went to the bathroom and I went to my now-favorite spot in front of the window as Mona took care of Janna.
When he came out, he was shirtless.
I swallowed thickly.
All of the thoughts I’d had about him not too long ago came back full force, wondering and admiring. And all of the thoughts about forgetting said thoughts were actually that–forgotten.
He looked mesmerizing.
“Are they still in there?” He pointed to the closet with the now closed door.
“Yeah, I guess Janna is changing or something,” I told him.
I guess you’ll have to stay shirtless for a while… Hmm…
He nodded, moved a hand through his hair and cleared his throat. “Uh…” His words were interrupted by the sound of the closet door opening.
Janna came out without Mona and closed the door behind her. “They are going to clean the floor,” she said with embarrassed eyes.
“They?”
“Mona and Nora – my maid. She brought me my clothes,” Janna said.
Her maid? Where the heck did she come from?
“I’m so sorry, Marie.”
“Hey, Janna, it’s really ok–” I was cut off mid-sentence with the sound of the main bedroom door being opened abruptly and with such force that it jerked back with a loud noise as it hit the wall.
The queen came running in our direction, and the rage in her eyes made me shiver. She was up to no good.
“Mother,” the prince said in greeting, his voice careful and his pose strong but humble.
The queen started screaming in Arabic–yelling words I didn’t think would be nice in anyway. Janna was trembling and tears filled her eyes as she looked down, fear seeping out of her in strong waves.
What’s going on?
“She was just coming to say goodbye with her husband,” the prince said.
The queen started yelling again, her hands flying in the air, her voice laced with venom and anger.
“Mother, she threw up and that was what delayed her. Everything is fine, she’ll go now.”
“I’m not going anywhere with him,” Janna blurted out with a shaky voice.
If I’d thought that the queen’s eyes were filled with rage before, I now thought they were filled with fire, hateful fire. Scary fire.
“Sagtah!” the queen yelled, her hand rising up in the air, ready to strike Janna on the face. I watched with terror as Janna flinched but didn’t move away–as if this was something she was used to, something that happened on a daily basis.
It broke my heart.
She was royal, a princess, the daughter of the king. She was supposed to be spoiled rotten and treated as if she were made of glass–not insulted, humiliated and abused. And even if she weren’t royal, nobody deserved to be treated this way. It was really sad to watch, especially knowing you could do nothing about it. I had to squeeze my eyes shut and turn my head away, because it was the only thing I could do.
The noise that followed wasn’t one coming from a slap, like I had expected; it was the prince’s deep voice, “I told you she was leaving.”
I opened my eyes to find him holding her hand up, just an inch away from Janna’s scared, pained face.
They stayed frozen in this state for several moments, the queen shooting him deadly looks and the prince holding her stare until she put her hand down.
She asked him something and he glanced my way for a second before looking back at her, which made her turn her face in my direction and sneer.
“Mona!” the prince called. “Have Nora take Princess Janna to her wing, and tell her to come to me if anything happens,” he said when Mona entered the room, his eyes not leaving his mother’s. It didn’t take a genius to realize that his words held a warning to…the queen.
Wow!
Janna left, using the living room door. I assumed her maid would be following or something, though she didn’t enter the bedroom.
The queen started yelling again, causing the prince to huff and then clench his teeth, replying by shaking his head every once in a while and that was it. Eventually he said, “It’s just a small problem with him that they’ll fix soon; there is no need for all of this.”
The yelling continued and I had to roll my eyes and look away. I had a strong feeling the queen was mental.
Suddenly her shrieking voice stopped, and I turned my head again to see if the prince had shoved his fist in her mouth already to finally shut her up, as I silently hoped.
Her mouth was agape, but there was no fist inside of it as I’d fantasized. Her eyes were wide open and fixed on the prince’s shoulder. She then grabbed the top of his arm and asked a question, her other hand pointing to his less-than-two-day-old wound.
Oh, no!


My mouth went dry.
“It’s, uh…the mirror in the bathroom broke; it caused this. No big deal,” the prince answered the question I now knew for sure was questioning what had caused the wound on his shoulder.
“Ameer!” the queen gasped, then spoke in Arabic again.
I wanted to scream.
“No, Mother, I’m not lying. It’s the truth.”
I didn’t like what I was seeing, nor did I like what I was hearing. The prince’s tone was not that strong, rough tone I’d heard him use many times with my brother, his sister and Mona. It sounded like he wasn’t that powerful person at all. And I think that there was some fading trace of panic in his voice.
I hated it.
And I hated the queen for it.
I didn’t understand why he wasn’t stopping her, shutting her up and kicking her out. She was sticking her nose in our business and involving herself in things that weren’t hers to ask or even talk about.
I wanted to tell her exactly that. I wanted to scream at her: ‘Shut up!’ that we had had enough, that I had had enough of her and her stupid attitude. But I couldn’t.
I just couldn’t.
There was this thing about her…she was scary. Like, really, really scary. I had a strong feeling she could do whatever she wanted to do, and that the ‘whatever she wanted to do’ wasn’t always a good thing. Or ever. Because, since the first time I’d met her at the wedding, she hadn’t seemed nice; she wouldn’t even talk to me. The morning that followed, she threatened me that I’ll see what I won’t find pleasing if I ever hurt her son, and then the prince told me that ‘she wouldn’t be happy’ if she learned about me being forced, that we didn’t want that. Then Janna told me that the queen ‘couldn’t hate her more,’ and right after that she tried to strike her. And now with the prince–the powerful, commanding prince–not daring to tell her to mind her own business…it was just too scary. Clearly, you just couldn’t mess with that woman.
And I hated it more than anything I’d ever hated.
Because no one should be like that, act like that, and just get away with it. On a daily basis. It was sickening.
The queen let go of the prince’s arm with a jerk and turned to look at me. Her eyes would be shooting fire if they could, scaring me even more if that was possible.
“You weren’t a virgin after all.” Bitterness filled her voice. “I knew it!” She threw her hands up in the air, screaming the words in frustration, causing me to flinch and to take a step back.
Even though my gaze was fixed on her, I was able to see from the corner of my eye as the prince gripped his hair with both of his hands–apparently this was something he’d never wanted to have happen.
The queen took a deep breath, and despite the fact that deep breaths were supposed to calm you down when nervous or angry, it seemed that the queen took one so she could scream it out with her next words.
“You and your brother are dead.”
Merciful God!
My eyes widened even more, and I felt like someone had just punched me in the chest. I clutched my cross for dear life as I saw her taking a step towards me.
God! God! Oh, God!
What’s she going to do?
In one second the prince moved to stand right in front of me, blocking her from reaching me. Though I was grateful, I couldn’t help but wonder what she was going to do if the prince hadn’t stepped between us. Was she going to hit me? Or was she going to choke me to death? And if the prince wasn’t there to stop her, what kind of power did I have to prevent anything like that from happening? The answer wasn’t hard to find. There was nothing I could do. Absolutely nothing.
“She’s a virgin, Mother, she’s a virgin,” the prince said in a rush, both of his hands in front of him in a settle-down motion. “It’s not what you think.”
She yelled at him in the language that had grown to drive me insane, since I didn’t get a word in it, and my head started spinning faster than ever.
“Mother,” the prince said slowly. “I s-swear to God she’s a virgin. She just–needs time.”
That seemed to shut her up for a minute. I peeked over his shoulder to look at her and see what her reaction was to that. Her eyes were focused on the prince’s in a look that seemed like she was studying him, like she was searching for something else, other than the words he’d just said, only breaking her stare when he nodded his head as if he was begging her wordlessly to believe him.
My heart almost burst out of my chest when her glare found my eyes. I had to look down and hide behind the prince’s broad shoulders again.
“Or you’re just not man enough to do it, Ya-Ameer.”
I watched as the prince clenched his fists by his sides and I heard his breathing change. It didn’t escape my notice that those were the first words she’d said to him in English, and that when she said it–she didn’t mean only to insult him. No, she said it my language to humiliate him as well.
It hurt me.
“Please, Mother,” the prince said in a quiet voice. “It’s between me and my wife.”
Wife.
The word went straight to my heart and settled there after sending tingles all over my insides.
“Huh,” the queen let out a sarcastic noise. “We’ll see about that,” she said, using my language again, and when the words made the fear inside my heart rise, I knew that that was exactly the purpose of it.
A deadly glare of hers managed to reach my eyes from behind the prince’s shoulder when I peeked again, a promise of something I didn’t know and a warning filling it, so that I almost shivered just looking at her before she left.



Janna’s promise of getting me out of here was the only thing that kept me from screaming my guts out. The queen was scary. I had a strong feeling she was up to no good, like she was planning something for me.
My head kept going back to her words: ‘You and your brother are dead.’ It kept repeating itself in my head. Over and over again. Eating away at my soul with the fear it caused. I was terrified. And I blamed Joseph some more. I blamed him to the point that I didn’t know if I had any drop of love for him inside of my heart anymore. I blamed him to the point I started thinking that I was about to hate him. More than hate itself, at that.
‘You and your brother are dead.’
‘You and your brother are dead.’
‘You and your brother are dead.’
I took a deep breath and wiped a tear with the back of my hand that was formed in a tight fist around the item inside of it. My eyes gazed away toward the window, not really able to see any of the magical sight of the gardens that I knew were down there from my spot on the bed. My heart wouldn’t stop thumping so fast and so loud in my ears, nor would my silent tears stop falling over my life that had turned upside down in the matter of a few short days.
When the queen left us, the prince asked if I was okay, his voice low and full of so many feelings, and he wouldn’t look me in the eyes. Feelings that were all around sadness, sorrow and a hint of anger. Feelings that were dominated by that one feeling I hated to hear in his voice the most: humiliation.
It made me really sad to hear that tone from him. Beyond sad. I didn’t want anything in that moment except to reach out and hug him, to try with the little I had of words of assurance or a caring embrace to soothe him and take the pain in his eyes away. But those very thoughts scared me even more than I already was, because I found myself caring for him and how he was feeling – more than I would ever like to admit. And that was scary.
When I nodded my reply to him, he informed me that he would be in the sunroom for a while. I didn’t comment. He didn’t wait for me to reply, anyway. He just went to the closet to grab a shirt, then went to where he’d said he was going as fast as he could.
‘You and your brother are dead.’
‘I’ll get you out of here.’
‘You and your brother are dead.’
‘I’ll get you out of here.’
‘You and your brother are dead.’
I clenched my fist tighter, and begged with my heart harder, while my heartbeats grew faster. I was going insane.



“Where should I put it, Princess?’’ Mona asked after I allowed her in, a big tray full of food in her hands.
“I don’t want to eat,” I replied, wiping away another round of silent tears with the back of my hand and moving my eyes back to gaze out the window from my spot on the bed.
Mona stood there for a moment, and I wondered if she was going to say anything or was just going to leave, but she did neither. She just stood there. Eventually, she left the tray on the round table in the middle of the room and knocked on the mirror door before going inside and closing it behind her after the prince told her to ‘Come in.’ She was probably going to inform him that dinner was ready.
When she didn’t come out after a few minutes, I figured that she’d used the other door in the sunroom that I’d yet to see.
I heard the sunroom door being opened but I didn’t look back at it. I just stayed still in my almost-frozen state that I’d been in for hours that seemed like days.
I felt the prince approaching before hearing him–don’t ask me how. I just did. I didn’t look. But then I felt the spot beside me on the bed sink down as the prince sat on it. I still didn’t look…for some reason. And then he spoke.
“Mona says you don’t want to eat,” he said in a soft voice.
“I don’t.” I said, still looking away.
The prince sighed, then his right hand found my left one that was placed on my lap. He laced our fingers together and placed our joined hands on his knee and squeezed, his thumb tracing the back of mine in the softest of touches.
I closed my eyes tightly and fought with my breaths to stay even, pressed on both of my lips that were pulled inside of my mouth where I bit hard on them. So many emotions inside of me were fighting against each other, that for a second I started getting worried that I’d soon pass out from all of the mixed feelings.
I felt fingertips on my quivering chin and then a soft pull as the prince’s other hand turned my head in his direction, forcing me with the tenderness of the gentle touch to face him.
I finally opened my eyes, freeing new tears when I blinked a few away, my gaze fixed on his. He removed his hand from my chin only to wipe the tears away. Then he pulled on my chin again, this time to release my lips from the trap of my teeth, rubbing once right under my bottom lip in a soothing touch, his eyes watching his thumb on my face for a second and looking me in the eyes the next.
He smiled. It didn’t reach his eyes. We didn’t talk. But we still said everything. Another tear escaped my eyes, and ‘I’m sorry’ escaped his lips right after it.
“You didn’t do anything wrong,” I found myself telling him.
“But my mother did, and I apologize on her behalf,” he said quietly.
I shook my head and looked down at our tangled fingers, watching as his thumb continued its movements over my hand, accidentally forcing his hand on my face away and completely regretting looking down right away.
“What did she want anyway? What brought her here? Uninvited! I thought she should’ve gotten our permission first! It’s not the second day anymore, right?” I said when I looked up at his face once more.
The prince sighed again. “I guess she wasn’t thinking; she was so mad that Janna wasn’t with her husband. People saw him walking around the palace and informed her. She really wasn’t happy with it, like you saw.”
Joseph again …
“Rules and traditions are really important to my mother; she doesn’t like it when things get off track.” His quiet voice was now closed with sadness, even more than before.
“She shouldn’t have said that to you. It wasn’t nice,” I said, trying with what little assurance I had to let him know I wasn’t happy with what she’d told him, because it–truly–wasn’t fair.
“It’s fine,” he said after a pause. “She’s always known when I was lying.” He shook his head.
“Yeah?”
He nodded.
“She believed you eventually.”
“Because I never say God’s name with a lie, ever. I’ve always been known for that; I never swear while lying, I never break a promise and I never cry.”
Huh!
“It’s the only thing that’s bothering me,” he huffed. “I hate that I lied with God’s name.”
He wasn’t just saying it; pain was written all over his face. He really didn’t like what he had said.
And he said it–he did it–for me…
“But you didn’t lie with God’s name,” I whispered.
“What?”
“I– uh…I’m a virgin.” I looked down, blushing deeply.
“Uh…what?”
“You heard me.” He was embarrassing me more than I was already.
“Oh, yes, I heard. Yes. It’s just–I mean…what?”
“I’m a virgin, okay? Virgin. I’ve never had sex before!”
“Wow!”
“Why is it so hard to believe?”
“Uh, it’s not…I just–I never thought you would be, even when your brother said you were.”
“And why is that?”
“Because you’re so beautiful, you’re smart and intelligent, and you’re twenty-two. I read somewhere that most of Americans lose their virginity before the age of twenty, even without marriage.”
Because you’re so beautiful… 
“Well, thank you, but...don’t believe everything you read,” I told him. “Is that why you called me a filthy American who spreads her legs for a meal?”
He looked regretful. “Uh, I apolo-”
“You already apologized for that; there is no need for more.” And I kind of deserved it. “Maybe most Americans do or do not lose their virginity as teenagers, but I take the rules and laws of my religion seriously. I’m Catholic, I believe that sex should be only after marriage, that your body is sacred and you should never share it with anyone but your spouse. Lots of Americans think the same, not just Catholics.”
“I really didn’t know that.” Embarrassment shone in his eyes.
I smiled. “Someone told me before not to judge without knowledge.”
The prince grinned. “Sounds like a very wise man.”
“Yeah, but I’ve just started to think he’s arrogant, as well,” I giggled.
The prince let out a small chuckle. “He’s not, I promise, just a terrible liar,”
I giggled again.
“That’s a very nice sound,” he said, his eyes watching me and his hand squeezing mine. “You should do it more often.”
My blush deepened and I bit down on my bottom lip. “Yeah,” was all I managed to say.
We lapsed into a comfortable silence for a few moments before the prince sighed and spoke again. “I wish my sister had believed in everything you just said; lots of things would’ve been different if she had.”
Tingle. In my chest. I didn’t know where it came from or why. Didn’t know if it was a sad or happy one. I just felt it. My chest...it tingled.
“We all make mistakes, we are not angels, nobody is,” I defended the girl I didn’t even know.
“I do know that, but without rules and laws–the world would be nothing but a huge ball of chaos, don’t you think, Princess?”
“I agree, but nothing ever justifies killing another human being just because of a moment of weakness,” I told him.
“That doesn’t work in every case.” He pressed his lips into a tight line as he shook his head.
I frowned.
“If that worked, then there should never be a law that allows people to put others in an electric chair and kill them just because in a moment of weakness–like you put it–they killed another.”
“It’s not the same thing,” I said.
“Maybe not the same thing, but it’s a law. Laws are what keep us in line.”
“Yeah, well, some laws are just stupid,” I said in frustration.
The prince shook his head. “Some laws are unfair, but that’s only in the eyes of people who break them. Sometimes, no matter what you do and no matter how great the power you have in your hands, you could never change them, so you just do your best to avoid breaking them, because that’s all you can do.”
It took me a moment to take his words in, and when I understood it–as much as I could–I nodded. They were their laws, stupid or not, fair or not–they were laws. They couldn’t just break, deny or change them.
It was such a sad thing. It made me want to thank God even more, for he had created me away from this world. Because the cruelty in this one made me thankful for mine.
My right hand was about to go to my chest, to hold my cross, only to remember that I didn’t need to–it was already in my hand.
A tear escaped my eyes at the memory of how I’d lost what I just lost, and the prince noticed it immediately.
“Hey,” the prince whispered. “No more tears, please.” He wiped the tear with his thumb again. “I’m so sor-”
“I’m not crying because of what happened,” I interrupted him before he could apologize for his mother’s actions again. “Not that, anyway.”
“What’s wrong, then?”
I held my right hand up in front of him so he could see what I had in it. “I broke it.” I let out a soft sob.
“Oh,” was all the prince said. He took the cross from my hand and held it in his, examining it. “How did you do that?”
“When the queen was here and she–…I gripped it hard, and it broke,” I sniffled.
The prince said something under his breath that might’ve sounded like a curse. “I’m sorry, Princess.”
I nodded. “Me, too. I was just so scared.”
“God!” he said loudly. “I know she can be scary, but you shouldn’t have been scared.”
I looked at him in wonder.
“I told you,” his voice was just above a whisper. “I told you that as long as I breathe, no one can ever touch a hair on your head, Princess. Please, trust this. I really do never break my promise.” Honesty filled his voice and his eyes begged me to believe him, while my heart and mind reminded me that I should’ve remembered that before. I would’ve saved myself from so much worry and fear.
I managed to smile as I squeezed his hand in gratefulness for the soothing words and gentle touches, nodding my head in response.
He smiled back, then let go of my hand. The feeling of loss that its absence caused hit me hard in my chest, and I had no explanation for it. The next thing I knew, the prince was tying my necklace with the cross charm in it around my left wrist, securing it while making sure it wasn’t too tight around my wrist.
“It’s now right above the main vein that is the nearest one to your heart – where God is.” he smiled.
I stared at my wrist in amazement, my eyes wide and mouth agape. “Oh, my God!” I gushed. “This is…this is perfect, thank you so much.”
The prince grinned widely and nodded his head. “My pleasure, Princess.”
I wanted to hug him tightly; this small gesture meant so much more to me than I could explain. But before I could do so, he got up then offered me his hand. “Shall we eat now?”
I nodded with a grin, taking his hand and standing up, food no longer sounding like a very bad idea.
Just as we were about to make it to the round table, there was a knock at the door and Mona entered after she got permission from the prince. Her eyes held a delight and joy I’d never seen in them before, the smile of happiness almost breaking her face.
“It’s Salma,” she almost squealed the words.
“Salma?” The prince’s eyes widened as he gasped the name in a question.
Mona nodded frantically, the grin never leaving her lips.
In one second, the prince’s hand left mine and he ran out of the main bedroom door as if his legs were on fire, Mona following right behind him.
What on earth just happened?
Did he just leave the room?
Who the heck is Salma?


There was something wrong–terribly wrong–in my head, in my heart.
The thoughts that were in my mind, the feelings inside of me–I had no explanation for them. None at all.
Once the prince had left the room, I felt as if someone had taken something away from me, something big, almost as if it was something I couldn’t live without. Almost.
It was insane. It was not reasonable at all. I couldn’t have those thoughts. I shouldn’t feel those feelings. It wasn’t right.
I swayed myself lazily on the swing that was in the sunroom. It was a bit chilly, but the battling thoughts and the battling feelings inside of me kept me warm. I watched the beautiful stars in the dark sky, shining like small diamonds around the full moon that looked like a giant white pearl. The sight was like everything else in the kingdom: magnificent. But the beauty of it was as pitch black as the sky I was staring at. Beautiful but scary. Beautiful but dark. All dark. The shining, small diamonds were like those who could be nice and kind, even though they were part of it, but…they were lost in a sea of darkness, anyway. And the darkness would always be their roots, their home. And I wasn’t going to let their beauty or niceness fool me.
The prince was as beautiful as anyone could imagine and more. He had the most handsome face I’d ever seen, the most attractive looks, he was nice to me, he promised me safety and protection, but…the name Salma was mentioned and, BANG–he was gone. No explanations. No excuses. Just that. Gone.
The name wouldn’t leave my head. Salma. The way the prince gasped it, like…like he was dead and someone had brought his soul back to him. Like he wasn’t breathing and someone had just given him air. It was sickening. The way he ran out of the room at the mention of her name looked sickening to my eyes. And I was mad. At him, and at myself.
I was mad at him for leaving me like that, without taking a minute to tell me where he was going or for what; it was disrespectful and…rude. He wasn’t supposed to leave the room, so why would he now? And without even bothering to explain? Yeah, I was beyond mad at him.
I was mad at myself for being mad at him, because I shouldn’t be. It wasn’t right. I shouldn’t be mad. Being mad meant that I cared, which I didn’t. I didn’t care for him. I was sure… Yes, I was sure. It was just crazy. Why would I care about him? He was a stranger; I barely knew him. Maybe he was my husband, but I had no idea what he was like. If it wasn’t for the fact that his family was royal and ruled this kingdom, I wouldn’t even know what his last name was.
Shining, small diamond, though pretty and nice, left the room once Salma was mentioned. Because the darkness of its home was what was inside of it. Shining little stars were nothing but balls of boiling fire. You could not be near one and you should not touch. You’ll get burnt. Smart people knew better. Smart people knew the truth of things from the inside, no matter how good it looked from the outside. And I wasn’t a fool.
Salma.
Who was Salma?
I had no idea. I only knew that it was a girl’s name. Who she was, or what the relationship was between the prince and her was a big mystery to me. My heart–for some reason–wanted to plant the idea in my head that she was his sister. But I knew he only had one brother and one sister, and that was it. Salma couldn’t be his sister. My mind kept wondering if she was that cousin he was supposed to marry before I was forced on him by our circumstances. But Salma wasn’t her name; it was Tala or Tina or whatever, something like that. I was sure it wasn’t Salma.
Who the heck is Salma?
I huffed and squeezed my eyes shut, rubbing my forehead with my left hand as I laid my aching head on the back of the swing. The thoughts and the questions were making my head pound and throb. It was really maddening. The only comfort I found came from my silver cross that was touching my cheek softly as it dangled from my wrist, reminding me that God was with me and that I should shrug the bad feelings away.
Salma.
Who are you? Relative? Friend? Cousin? …Lover?
I sighed in annoyance and got up, pacing the sunroom back and forth while playing with my wedding rings one way and cracking my knuckles one at a time in frustration the other.
My eyes caught something hidden among the decorations on the back wall that looked like a knob–the kind of secret knob that surrounded the walls of the bedroom–and I knew then that this was the hidden door in the sunroom. It wasn’t curiosity that made me go over there and put my hand on it, ready to turn it. It was pure boredom, and the fact that I wanted to do anything to pull me out of my thoughts and distract me from thinking of why I was feeling those stupid feelings.
I was right in my guess. When I turned the knob, a door opened and I pushed a little, testing my surroundings and taking a look left and right to see where it led.
I was surprised to find it to be a big kitchen with stainless steel sparkling everywhere. The marble on the table and counter was colored black, making a beautiful harmony with the silver cabinets, such that you couldn’t tell which was reflecting its colors on the other.
Just as I took a step inside, Mona came out of nowhere, looking sort of panicked as she saw me and making me feel worried myself, thinking it was very wrong of me to leave the sunroom or the bedroom or whatever the heck their rules were. But then, I thought that I shouldn’t be worried: the prince had already left the room. I might as well, even if it wasn’t an emergency for me, because I bet it wasn’t an emergency for him, either.
“Princess Marie, my apologies,” Mona said quickly, causing me to frown. “I didn’t hear you calling. I’m very sorry. Did you need something?”
My frown relaxed, and I attempted to smile at her. I failed. So I settled for reassuring her that she hadn’t done anything to apologize for. “I didn’t call you.”
“Oh.”
“I was just…you know, looking around,” I shrugged.
“Oh,” she said again. “Can I get you something? Is there anything I can do for you?”
“Um…no, I’m fine,” I told her. “I’ll just go back to the room.” There was nothing interesting there to see. Well, there was, but I wasn’t in the mood.
“As you wish, Princess,” I heard Mona saying after me. I headed back to the bedroom using the sunroom doors since it was the only way I knew. I wanted to see the whole place, but I was in no mood for that at all.
I paced the bedroom back and forth just like I had in the sunroom, abusing the heck out of my fingers as I fisted my hands together, gripping tightly and causing my frustration to get even wilder.
On the bed, I found myself once again wishing for nothing except for Janna to do what she had promised she would–fast, so I could stop this craziness inside of my mind and my heart. It was getting really ridiculous and it needed to stop. As soon as possible.
I wanted to get some sleep, hoping that with sleep the stupid night would just pass and I’d find a new day that might bring me freedom along with it.
A new day might bring me the prince, as well…I shrugged the thought away. It was meaningless, just like any other thought I had ever had about him being good.
I was taking off the heeled sandals which matched my dress as I sat on the edge of the bed when there was a knock at the door. I ignored the tingle in my heart and the disappointment I felt when Mona asked for permission to come inside, and not the other person I’d expected–or better yet, stupidly hoped that it would be him by the door.
She smiled at me before going to the tray, intending to take it back, but stopped when she found that all of the food was untouched.
“Uh, you still haven’t eaten anything, Princess.”
“Yeah, I’ve noticed.” I rolled my eyes, not bothering to look at her as I focused on the task in my hands.
Mona came to stand in front of me then kneeled. “Are you waiting for Prince Mazen to come back so you can eat together?”
Yeah, right!
I didn’t reply. Her hands came toward the ankle strap I was fumbling with. “Please, let me,” she said.
“I can take my shoes off myself.” I shrugged her hands away with mine.
“As you wish, Princess,” she said after a pause, getting up, but not leaving; it was driving me mad. Everything was driving me mad.
“Um, it’s been less than an hour since Prince Mazen left. He might stay out longer than that; he always forgets time when he’s with Salma.”
I looked up at her, anger filling my gaze even more when I saw a hint of a smile on her lips, a smile that disappeared the second she saw the look in my eyes.
“Uh, I mean…I mean, you should eat something now an-”
“Take the freaking food, and get the heck out of here!” I said through clenched teeth, screaming the last words with all of my might.
Mona flinched back at my tone and panic appeared yet again in her eyes, along with the sparkling of tears that were about to fall. She then nodded and walked away with fast steps, taking the tray, then leaving the room and closing the door behind her.
I emptied my lungs in a strong loud huff, throwing my sandals across the room one by one when I was finally able to take them off.
Less than an hour? Why does it feel like ten hours since he left?
He always forgets time when he’s with Salma? Why the heck would she tell me that? Just why? I didn’t want to know. I. Didn’t. She just assured me that she was-…
“UGH!” I gripped my hair and clenched my teeth some more. I was truly going insane.
The stupid dress I was wearing was impossible to sleep in, so I took it off–maybe also ripped it a little. When it was thrown to the floor, I found myself in the nightgown that was attached to the dress from the inside. It covered less of my body than I wanted it to cover, but I really didn’t care. I just wanted to sleep and have this stupid night end already.



The complete silence was something I’d noticed since the minute the sound of the wedding ceremonies stopped. Right after that moment, I’d heard absolutely nothing coming from outside of the bedroom, or even the whole wing. I would’ve appreciated that now that I wanted to sleep, but every time I lay on my side, I’d hear my heartbeat pounding really hard and strong in my ears. I’d sleep on my other side and have the whole thing playing in my ears again. On my back, it wasn’t really any better. My head was pounding, anyway.
I spent what felt like too long tossing and turning in bed, gripping my hair in frustration sometimes when I wasn’t rubbing my stinging eyes or my forehead. It was really, really annoying.
Eventually, I guess sleep found me, but it still left me too soon, because when I tried closing my eyes again, I couldn’t go back to sleep, even though it was still dark outside, as I was able to see out of the window opposite me.
I sighed and looked around wherever my eyes could reach from my spot on the pillow, not really focusing on anything in particular. Moments later, my eyes caught something on the nightstand beside the bed. I sat up to look at it and see what it was, frowning when I noticed that it was a jewelry box similar to the countless ones I had received over the past few days–and getting confused because it was a new one I hadn’t seen before.
I looked around the room, my frown and confusion transforming into anger and rage when I saw the prince sitting in one of the armchairs across the room, sleeping peacefully as if there was nothing going on at all.
I got out of bed and went to where he was sleeping. Though I didn’t want to do anything but yell at him for being so rude and disrespectful to me, I couldn’t do it for some reason. Maybe I was so mad that I couldn’t even talk, maybe I didn’t know where to start with my yelling, maybe I…didn’t want to disturb him. I just couldn’t. And it drove me even madder. Of course.
When I didn’t know what to do with myself, I went to the bathroom and did more pacing, knuckle-cracking and hair-gripping. I brushed my teeth, then my hair just because I couldn’t find anything better to do.
I could’ve been in the bathroom for hours, or maybe just half an hour, I wasn’t sure, but when I came out and found the prince just the same as I’d left him, I knew that I’d only spent a few minutes in there. I had no idea why time was really strange like that tonight.
Because I couldn’t take it anymore, I pulled the bathroom door shut with force, causing a loud bang that did as I’d hoped, and startled the prince awake.
His head jerked to where I was standing since that was where the noise had come from. “Princess,” he said sleepily. “You’re awake!” He rubbed his eyes then smiled lazily at me.
I folded my arms in front of me, my eyes gazing down at him with a stern look, causing confusion to be painted on his forehead, as if he really didn’t know what he’d done at all. “Welcome back, your majesty!” I said sarcastically. “Was I supposed to wait for your highness? Is that a rule? Or a tradition that says ‘I shall wait forever for you to come back because it’s too disrespectful of me to go to sleep before you’?”
The prince stood up, scratching the back of his head, the frown not leaving between his eyes. “Are you okay, Princess?” he asked, and then his eyes moved lower, way lower than my eyes–to my chest–and lingered there for a few moments. The frown magically left his forehead and something shifted in his eyes when they met mine again.
I groaned in frustration, leaving him standing there as I made my way to the sunroom, trying once more to calm down a bit because what I was doing looked silly, even to my own eyes.
A few minutes later, I felt something soft being placed on my shoulders. I looked down and found it to be some sort of a fluffy scarf–with the prince’s hands securing it in place. I looked up at him from over my shoulder and he smiled. My nostrils flared and I yanked the scarf off of me, throwing it to the floor.
“Ok-kay…” the prince said. “I’m just afraid you might get sick again.”
No answer.
“Are you mad at me or something?”
Nothing.
“Is this because I left without explaining?”
“Huh! So smart. No wonder you just graduated from medical school,” I said, and even with my back facing him, I still rolled my eyes.
I heard him sighing. “You have every right to be mad. I’m sorry, Princess.”
“You apologize too much,” I told him.
“Believe it or not, I rarely ever apologize to anyone.”
What does that mean? If he apologized to no one, why was I any different?
“Maybe you shouldn’t have put yourself in this situation then,” I snapped.
The prince sighed again. “Yes.” He paused. “It’s just–Salma is too important to me, and-”
“I don’t want to hear it!” I said with a loud voice, cutting him off mid-sentence. “Do you really think I want to hear about the whore you were with?” My eyes started stinging suddenly.
How could he?
“Um, my whore?”
“Oh, I’m sorry,” I made sure that my apology sounded as fake as it could be. “Am I using the wrong term? Oh, yeah, I know, you call your whores ‘harem’!” Venom laced my voice as I spoke the words to the glass walls in front of me.
The silent pause that followed that was too loud in my ears and I wanted to scream my head off. I wanted him to say something, anything. But at the same time I was really scared that whatever he was going to say would hurt me even more, and I wanted him to stay silent.
Why I was hurt by the thought of him with another woman was beyond me.
“You think I was with my harem?” he asked.
“Whatever!” Tugging at my heart and sickness in my stomach were the two feelings that dominated everything I was feeling at that moment.
Another moment of silence passed. “Are you jealous, Princess?” Even without actually seeing him, I was able to tell that he was smirking; I could hear it in his voice.
I spun too fast to face him, finding myself standing so close to his body that we were almost touching. “Absolutely not!” I was completely offended by his suggestion of me being jealous. Over him of all people.
What a ridiculous thing to say!
The jerk was seriously smirking just like I knew he was, and I found myself with a desperate need to wipe it off of his face. I wanted to hurt him. “I’d have to care about you first to be jealous.” I held my chin high, pulled the smuggest face I could manage and smirked, knowing full well that those words would hurt him and the smirk on his face would be gone, just as I wanted.
I was wrong.
The prince smiled one of those dazzling, crooked smiles of his and looked at me through his long, thick dark eyelashes before inching his face even closer to mine and whispering near my ear. “Exactly.”
“Huh!” I gave him my back again. I couldn’t stand for him to be that close to me, smelling so freaking good, while facing him. It did things to my heart, things I didn’t like. “You’re delusional!”
The prince didn’t say anything, and again, it was driving me nuts. “I only believe that it would’ve been nice if you cared enough to tell me where you were going, to not just leave like that, as if there was an earthquake or something.” I tried to fill the annoying silence.
“You’re right…I shouldn’t have done...that. I really wasn’t…thinking.” His voice was a bit strange and his words were kind of slow.
I looked at him over my shoulder to see what he was doing, why he was speaking that way, as if he was distracted or not really paying attention to how he was speaking. My eyes widened and I spun once again and faced him. “Were you just checking out my butt?” I gasped.
It was the prince’s eyes’ turn to grow wide. “What? Me? No way!”
“Yes, you were!” I insisted. “You were also staring at my breasts just five minutes ago when you woke up!”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about! I wasn’t doing anything like that.”
“Oh, my God! You really are a terrible liar!” I yelled my frustration.
“True.”
“So you admit it?”
“That nightgown is…um, really short,” he shrugged.
“Ugh! Unbelievable!” I bent down and grabbed the scarf off of the floor and dropped it over my shoulders, leaving him standing there as I shook my head in disapproval of his so-not-royal behavior.
A quiet groan stopped me midway. I turned around to find him with the same look again, but now he was biting his bottom lip, releasing it when he saw mine very far from my top lip as I looked at him in disbelief with a gaping mouth. “You were checking me out. Again!”
“The gown is still short.”
I crossed my arms in front of my chest again, but given what it did to my breasts, and the look in his eyes as he tried not to stare–but failed miserably–only managing to make his eyes bounce up and down between my eyes and chest, I dropped them to my stomach as I held the scarf in my hands, narrowing my eyes at him. “This is not acceptable at all!”
“You’re right, but… He looked me up and down. “You’re really-”
“Stop it,” I interrupted him. “You can’t have those thoughts about me.”
“Excuse me, Princess. But my thoughts are all mine. I can have whatever thoughts I want.”
That stupidly-beautiful smile was back on his stupidly-beautiful lips and the stupidly-beautiful, mysterious look was back in his stupidly-beautiful, attractive eyes.
“You’re doing it now!”
“Doing what, Jealous Princess?”
“I’m not jealous,” I said. “You’re having thoughts.” I sounded ridiculous.
“I am.” Crooked smile.
“You shouldn’t.”
“It’s my head.” He licked his lips. The sight of his tongue on his lip was distracting, and I found myself watching it as it swept over his bottom lip, replaying it in my head in slow motion–and for a moment I forgot why we were arguing.
No, seriously, why we were arguing?
“You shouldn’t,” I said, lower than I intended for it to be–and not really knowing what it was that he ‘shouldn’t’ do.
I left the sunroom with a sort of foggy mind, wondering if his words meant that he was attracted to me, confused by the smile that tugged at my lips when I had the thought. Why I found it pleasing to think that the prince was attracted to me was something I couldn’t understand.
Games.
Lies.
Traps.
“Princess,” the prince’s soft voice called in a whisper from right behind me. When I turned he continued, “I was just teasing, I only wanted to make you smile.” His smile was small and his words were warm. I found myself smiling back with one side of my lips, a small and careful smile. Careful not to show my feelings. It would be so wrong of me to let him know that I-…
It would just be wrong.
When I didn’t reply, he spoke again, “I’m in a very good mood, I had a very good night.” My blood pressure started going up again. “I wish I could make you have a good night, too.”
I looked up at his eyes, waiting for something, but not really knowing what that something was. Or maybe I was just enjoying looking into his green eyes…
Wrong!
“Can you keep a secret?” he whispered.
I frowned slightly, but nodded.
The prince’s smile grew bigger and, the next thing I knew, he disappeared into the closet, spending no less than five minutes in there and then coming back with something black in his hands.
“Put this on.” He handed me a black cloth and I took it from him, frowning again when I saw that it looked like the robe I’d worn over my dress on the night of the wedding, only in a thicker material with closed front. He must’ve seen the look on my face because he added, “Trust me. Please.”
After I shrugged the scarf off, I put the robe on with the prince helping a little, because it was a bit difficult for me to wear it without getting lost inside of it, since it was so big. He then brushed my hair behind my ears and put the black hood attached to the robe above my head, whispering ‘Perfect’ when it was in place.
“Uh, why am I wearing this?” I asked quietly.
The prince’s lips came close to my face again and spoke so softly in my ear. “We’re sneaking out.”


I was fighting myself to keep on showing him how angry at him I was, but I was still confused; my emotions were confusing me. Anger aside, I kept thinking of other scary things that I was feeling, and those things–those feelings–shocked me into an almost frozen state. I found that I had suddenly stopped the yelling and my sarcastic replies, worn the robe without first asking why he wanted me in it, then asked the why later with a quiet voice. It was strange, really strange. But what was inside of my head was even stranger.
The fact that I was blushing at his comments and smiling at his playful remarks, that my heartbeats were racing each other when I thought about how good it felt for him to think I was attractive or for him to be attracted to me… It was scary. Why was I finding it so appealing?
It was scary that I wasn’t finding it scary.
I mean, I was alone with him in this room, at the very least for the rest of the seven days. I was supposed to be his wife. Why wasn’t I scared of what he might do now that he found me to be attractive or sexy? Why wasn’t I thinking that he might take advantage of me?
Why wasn’t I paying any attention to all of this and only thinking–wondering–what it’d be like to be touched by him?
What was wrong with me?
“Sneaking out?” My eyes widened. Excited but disbelieving.
“Uh-huh,” he said, tucking a wayward golden lock inside of my hood.
“To where?” I asked.
“Somewhere,” he smirked, earning a glare from me in response.
The prince chuckled lightly and walked away, grabbing an apple from the fruit basket that had been placed once again on the round table. My guess was that Mona had come in when I was asleep and put it back, more likely when the prince came back from outside.
“Eat this,” he offered me the apple.
“I’m not hungry.”
“You can’t not be hungry. It’s almost two in the morning and we had lunch eleven hours ago.”
“I really don’t want to eat.”
“You have to eat it and take another capsule of your medication, or else we are staying inside. The weather out there is nothing like the sunroom and you will get even more sick without your medication. I’m not risking that.”
I huffed and took the apple from him, causing him to smile before he grabbed one for himself and started to eat it while gazing out the window. I did the same when my legs took me to stand beside him, and when I was finished with both the apple and the pill swallowing, he asked me if I was ready. My heartbeat sped up and I nodded frantically, so eager to leave the room that I almost forgot I was barefoot.
When I put the heeled sandals back on, the prince offered me his hand. I took it and then he led me out to the living room. I thought he was going to lead us out the main bedroom door, since that was where I’d come from on the night of the wedding and it was the door he’d left from a few hours ago, but I didn’t question him. There were more doors and exits in this place than people who lived in it, and it was seriously disturbing.
“God! Do I need a map for this palace!” I said to myself when the prince opened a hidden door.
He chuckled, “I could get you one, but it’d be useless when it comes to the secret doors.”
Of course!
“Why do you need so many secret doors, anyway?” I wondered when we left an elevator, that wasn’t the same one I’d used before to get to the wing. We used this one to go down to some floor that was pretty much underground, then went into some kind of alley that looked like it wasn’t part of the palace, due to the lack of decorations and elegant paintings that were always on every wall I’d seen since I came here.
“Security reasons,” he replied, opening yet another hidden door that led to a different alley.
Duh!
“I know that,” I said. “I meant: why so many?”
“Time.”
“Time?”
“Yep.” He stopped walking and turned to look at me. “It’s a known fact that every palace–especially the ones belonging to royal families–has secret doors. Having so many of them gives us time to flee when needed by distracting the attacker.”
Huh!
“That’s smart,” I told him as we walked again. “But, why would anyone attack the palace? Or the royal family? There are no wars here or anything.”
“That’s a story for another day, Princess.”
I didn’t push.
The second alley looked like a never-ending one. It went on forever, and it started to become trying, especially with my ridiculously long robe that was way longer than floor length. I kept most of it fisted in one hand, in order to be able to walk at all and not just trip on it and fall on my face.
After what felt like two weeks of walking, and because I was the luckiest girl on earth and all, my heel decided to break. “Oh, snap!”
“What’s wrong?” the prince asked, holding me by the waist to his side when I stumbled.
“My heel broke,” I whined, bending down and holding my foot a bit up to look at the damage. If I broke the other one I wouldn’t walk any better since the front was way higher than the heel when broken.
This is why I want my freaking clothes and my freaking shoes; those sandals are not to be worn outdoors!
“Take them off,” the prince suggested.
“And then?” I asked, annoyed. I didn’t want to go back after I’d already walked that far, but I didn’t want to walk barefoot either.
“And then…” he said. The next thing I knew, my feet had left the floor and were being held almost at the same level as my head, as the prince put one hand under the back of my thighs and the other around my back and lifted me up, carrying me bridal style and continuing to walk, smiling smugly when I squealed in surprise.
“You can’t carry me the rest of the way!”
“Yes, I can.”
Smug jerk!
“You still won’t tell me where we’re going?”
“We’ll be there soon.”
I sighed. “Are we still in the palace?”
“Not really.”
“Where are we then?”
“You see, Princess, secret doors could lead you to other rooms or other wings, but the ones leading you to elevators take you out of the palace.”
“How come?”
“The elevators open to tunnels. Each one takes you to a different place, miles away from the palace.”
“Wow!” I said, fisting his shirt. “How do you know where to go or which one to choose?” It sounded really complicated to me.
“I’ve had it memorized since I was a little kid; my mother taught me.”
“The queen?” I asked. Didn’t she have anything better to do? Like threatening others with death and giving them deadly glares? I could only imagine how many doors and how many alleys … tunnels, or whatever.
“Only the immediate royal family knows of these tunnels, Princess. My parents, my siblings, and now you,” he smiled.
I smiled a small smile. But then I remembered, “How about your sister-in-law?”
“Wives are not supposed to learn of the tunnels until after they bring an heir to their husbands, in case they were intruders.”
I frowned.
“But–I’m here, now.” I didn’t bring him an heir, I wasn’t even… Why would he do that?
He just smiled, but said nothing.
“What if the palace was attacked? Your sister-in-law could be the first victim!”
“God forbid,” he said. “I’m sure she would be fine,” he paused, “Just like you would.”
It took me a moment to realize what he meant by that.
“Your brother taught her?”
He looked deep into my eyes, “When it comes to love, Princess, rules blur and traditions fade.”



“We’re here,” the prince announced, putting me down and keeping me in front of him after I took off the sandals.
“What are we doing?” I wondered. We were just standing in front of a wall, not doing anything.
“Look closely.”
I did.
“Can you see it?”
I nodded.
“Touch it.”
I did.
“Press.”
When I pressed the square figure that was barely noticeable on the wall, it moved to the side, revealing an electronic panel with ten numbers, from zero to nine.
I turned my head to look at the prince, and he told me to look at it again. His voice was very quiet and very close to my ear. “Do you remember which secret door we took after we left the living room?”
I closed the distance between my eyebrows in concentration. “The first?” I asked.
“Correct,” he said. “Press one.”
I did.
“Do you remember the number of the floor I pressed on the elevator?”
“Fourteen.”
“Press one then four.”
When I did, he asked, “How many tunnels did we take?”
“Two.”
“Very good, Princess.” I could hear the smile in his voice. “Two is the last number.”
I smiled at my accomplishment and pressed the number, gasping and flinching, then taking a step back when I heard the loud bang caused by the wall moving up, only stopping when there was a decent gap for us to pass through to the other side.
“Do you want me to go first?” he asked.
“No, it’s fine,” I said, taking the few steps to the other side, finding my legs leading me to a ladder. I fisted the robe in my hand and climbed, pushing a wooden board when it blocked my way.
A cool breeze hit my face and my hood fell as I looked up at the dark sky, taking in everything around me. It looked like a giant garden, almost as big as the one I could see from the window in the bedroom. This one, though, had more flowers and was surrounded by tall trees. The feel of the cool grass underneath me was just as good as the sight. Refreshing and freeing, and it was only then I was glad my heel had broken.
Well, aside from the prince carrying you, holding you so close, and you getting to smell him and hear his heartbeat along with feeling his broad chest and tigh-
Shut up!
“This way, Princess,” the prince told me, his hand gesturing to the right while the other touched the small of my back.
“Where are we going?”
“I’m taking you to meet the love of my life,” he smiled.
My breath hitched and I stopped in my tracks, looking at him in disbelief, feeling hurt and humiliated at the same time.
How. Could. He?
“My whores.” He continued.
That was it!
I turned to leave, my blood boiling and my heart clenching, my eyes burning with unshed tears that made my vision blur.
The prince’s hand gripped mine and he pulled me back. I didn’t turn around and struggled with him to let my hand loose.
“Let go!” My voice was full of hurt and my legs were shaking.
“Princess!”
“Let go of me!” I screamed.
My scream was met by a loud noise that sort of scared me. I looked around to where the noise had come from but I still saw nothing, though more noises made me sure of what they were, and what they were coming from.
It was a horse neighing.
Oh!
I looked at the prince with traitorous tears wetting my cheeks. His eyes were watching me and he offered me a small, sad smile. “Do you need me to spell it, Princess?”
I looked down.
“It’s H.O.R.S.E, Jealous, Jealous Princess,” he said, taking my face in his hands and wiping my tears with his thumbs, just like he had done before.
“I’m not jealous,” I whispered, still looking down.
“Come.”
I let him lead the way again as he kept his hold of my hand and started walking toward where he’d pointed a minute ago. A short walk later, the grass underneath my feet turned into sand as we passed through a small fence that circled the garden, and it wasn’t so hard to tell we were standing in front of a stable. A ridiculously huge stable.
“Salma is in number forty-one.” He pointed to the doors with numbers on them.
Salma is a horse?
Huh!
Wait, wait, he left the room, without explaining, and stayed away for hours…for a horse?
“Um, please don’t make any sudden moves or try to touch her; she’s a bit sensitive and insecure,” the prince said, and I nodded, even without knowing what that meant–and with a hundred questions forming in my head.
When we entered Salma’s large stall I was surprised to find a little horse–not a newborn horse, colt or a pony. She was just a little one, short, almost my height. Her coat was colored light brown and the hair of her mane and tail was a darker shade of chestnut; it looked so soft. I wanted to touch it.
“Princess, this is Salma,” the prince smiled while looking at her. I could see how he truly loved her, just by the look in his eyes. He took a few careful steps to stand beside her, then slowly raised his hand to touch her neck, causing her to make a low, but strong neighing. I stayed back.
“She’s beautiful,” I said in a quiet voice, watching his hand as he moved it up and down her neck slowly while looking at her face.
“She is,” he smiled, not stopping his soft rubbing over her brown coat or his loving stare. “I met her a few months ago, right after I came back from the UK. She was being sold at a horse marketplace for such a cheap price, it was shameful,” he sighed. “Salma is a purebred Arabian horse. Her kind is sold for hundreds of thousands of dollars, especially at her young age–she’s only six,” he paused, then looked at me. “S. I. X.” He grinned, causing me to blush and look down, trying to hide my wide, bashful smile as I remembered my embarrassing freak-out moment the other day.
The prince chuckled, but then continued after a moment, “They told me she was aggressive and hard–almost impossible–to tame, that’s why her price was so low. From only looking at her picture, I wanted her, because I like a challenge,” he winked.
My stomach flipped.
“I met her for the first time when she was brought here, and…” He looked at her for a moment then turned to look at me again. “It was love at first sight.”
My chest tightened.
“Her eyes…they captured my heart like I could never explain. They were fearful, but loving at the same time.” He locked his eyes with me for a moment. “She looked like she wanted to be close, but her mind stopped her from taking a step without being out for the kill.”
The prince sighed again, touching her with both hands now. She bent her head and rubbed it on his chest, causing him to smile big and move his hand through her hair.
“Salma was born for a farmer’s family, and he used to put so much weight and pressure on her that he almost broke her spine,” he said with bitterness filling his voice. “When she got really sick, the lowlife burnt her to force her into working harder, not even bothering to buy another horse to help get things done with her.”
Oh, no!
The prince pointed to her scars, and when I followed his hand, my heart broke for her.
The poor thing…
“But my baby here was so stubborn, she wouldn’t do what he was trying to force her to do, and when it got really serious and he burnt her badly, she taught him how it would feel to have a broken spine–because now he has one,” he said with pride in his voice.
“I did everything I could to get her to like me, but she wouldn’t even let me near her,” he said. “I tried some more, bringing her the best food and trying to feed her myself. I treated her well, very well, I tried teaching her that I wasn’t him, but nothing…she wouldn’t trust me.
“She barely ate anything for weeks, and I lost any hope that she would ever be mine, no matter how hard I tried.
“I loved her so much, and I wanted the best for her, so…I let her go.”
“You did what?” Even with the shock that was filling me, I still kept my voice quiet. For her.
“It was one of the hardest things I’ve ever done in my whole life,” he said. “But it had to be done.”
“Why?” I asked, not able to understand why he would do that or how he could. He seemed to be really attached to her.
“Don’t you know that saying, Princess?” He looked at me. “If you love someone set them free. If they come back they are yours; if they don’t, they never were.”
I just looked at his gloomy eyes with my sad ones. Sad for him.
“And I loved her so much, I wanted her to be happy–even if it meant that her happiness would be in being away from me.”
I swallowed.
“When she left, it was my turn to hate food; I was really depressed. I knew she’d be okay. She could protect herself, and there is a forest few miles away where she could live if she wanted, but I was selfish enough to wish she would just come back.
“Weeks passed and she hadn’t come back, and I lost hope once more, because I knew that if she came back, it’d only take her five days or so. I was wrong, though: it took her two months because my baby is really stubborn that way,” he grinned. “She only found her way back home tonight.”
His grin was infectious. I grinned back and wondered how it would feel to be loved that much by him, or…touched that caringly by his hands.


The prince left Salma and came closer to where I was standing beside the door. “When Mona mentioned her name, I couldn’t believe it. I just had to see her with my own eyes to truly believe she really was here, that she had come back to me,” he said. “I didn’t think of anything else at all, and I’m sorry for doing so. I hope you understand now, Princess.”
I nodded, smiling a little. “I understand, I really do. It’s okay, I would’ve done the same if I were you.”
He smiled, tucking my hair behind my ear, a gesture I had grown to like a little too much. “One more thing,” he said. “I don’t have a harem.” I stared at him, waiting for him to continue, searching his eyes for the evidence of honesty in his words. “As a matter of fact, there is no ‘harem’ at all–and there hasn’t been for hundreds of years now.”
Huh?
The prince nodded at my disbelieving eyes. “Islam forbids any sexual act outside of marriage. Harems were common before Islam came. Women left from wars with other countries were treated as belongings of the king, and whomever he might gift them to, but they wouldn’t be shared. They were just for one man, so as not to mix the fathering of any children. Islam made releasing those women and giving them their freedom a good deed, a very good deed to become closer to God and earn his forgiveness. With time there were almost none, and with Islam forbidding slavery, they became non-existent.”
Oh!
“Sleeping with any other woman other than your wife is called ‘adultery’ and is a grave sin–something I wouldn’t ever do,” he said sincerely. “Do you understand me, Princess?” His thumb brushed my jawline softly.
Despite my efforts, I couldn’t help my grin. I could only manage to bite both of my lips to keep from smiling too big and breaking my face, but I wasn’t able to hide the tightening in my eyes as they did their own smiling. I nodded, understanding exactly what his words meant, and not being able to prevent the happiness I felt in my heart at the realization. His own smile showed on those stupidly-beautiful lips when he knew I understood what he meant very well.
“Come. Salma needs to rest, and there is someone else I want you to meet.”



“Oh, my God!” I gushed when I heard loud neighing coming from one of the other large stalls. It was very strong, as if the horse was right beside my ear.
The prince chuckled lightly. “He knows the sound of my footsteps, and he’s really happy to hear it,” he explained.
“What’s his name?” I asked as we approached the stall of horse-in-question .
“Ra’ad.”
“Rad?”
“No, Princess, it’s Ra’ad,” he said a bit slower, but he was pronouncing a letter that I couldn’t pronounce no matter what, and I gave up after a few tries.
“What does it mean, anyway?” I asked, defeated. Maybe I could call him by that if I ever had to?
“Thunder.”
“Whoa! Strong name.”
“It is. It fits him very well,” the prince said as he pushed his door open.
I looked inside the room, immediately taking a step back before I even got to take one inside of it. “Holy Mother!” I gasped when I saw the horse, my hand automatically going to my chest to hold my cross, only to remember it was around my wrist. Nonetheless, I still managed to hold it in my hand and to my chest, all freaked-out and wide-eyed from the sight of the horse in front of me.
I heard the prince’s light laugh as he walked closer to the horse. How he wasn’t scared of that huge creature was beyond me.
Rad–Thunder was a very big horse, much bigger than Salma–there was no comparing the two. I think he was even taller than the prince, and the prince was very tall, so you could imagine just how big Thunder was. His coat was pitch black, just like his tail and the mane on his head, and his eyes weren’t any less dark. His look was scary, and the noises he was making frightened me; blinking my fear-widened eyes was out of question.
“Be careful!” I screamed at the prince, taking only a moment to frown at the concern in my voice and the worry in my heart that I was feeling for my perfect stranger, when the horse stood on his back legs, raising his front ones in the air and letting out more of his loud whinnying.
It was only when the horse settled down and the prince’s hands caught his neck, touching and rubbing it up and down, that he finally looked back at me, a knowing look in his tightened eyes. “He’s just greeting me, Princess. Don’t worry.” And the smirk was back on his stupidly-beautiful features.
Oh, the smugness!
I bit my bottom lip and looked down, saying nothing. The prince’s voice was what made me look up again. “It’s the first time I’ve spent so long away from him; I haven’t seen him since the day before the wedding. We’ve spent some time together almost every day since the day he was born.”
His caresses to Thunder’s coat were obviously much stronger than the way he was caressing Salma’s. And from the horse’s reaction to it–the noises and the grinding he was doing into the prince’s shoulder with his head–I could tell that Salma wasn’t that comfortable with the prince, yet. Because unlike her, Thunder’s responses to him were faster, with no hesitation at all.
“Ra’ad was born on my fifth birthday. My grandfather–God rest his soul–gifted him to me. I love him the most,” he smiled big and patted his back strongly.
“He’s twenty?” I asked.
“No, he’s eighteen.”
I frowned. “But you’re twenty-five.”
“Nope, I’m twenty-three.”
“But you said your stepmother died seventeen years ago, and you were eight when it happened.”
“I know what I said,” he smiled smugly. “I was just trying to prove something to myself, sorry about that.”
I looked at him with confusion. “Prove what?”
“That you would ask about the date of my stepmother’s death so you would be able to calculate my age without asking me,” he paused. “Because you care.”
I narrowed my eyes. “You lied.”
“A little white lie, no harm done.”
“That’s lame.”
“So was the way you wanted to learn about my age. You could’ve asked me–you know I would’ve replied–but you didn’t want me to know you were curious about something related to me, so we’re even.”
“Whatever.” I turned my face away, crossing my arms in front of my chest and blushing hard, embarrassed that he was able to tell the reason behind my question earlier today–or should I say yesterday since it was long after midnight.
He must be really smart to finish medical school at such a young age… or the school system was different in the UK? Whatever…
The prince chuckled at my attitude and when I turned to look at him he was shaking his head, pissing me off with all his smugness.
“Come here, Princess, I want to introduce you to Ra’ad.” He raised his hand in invitation.
“Uh, I’m fine right here. Hey, Thunder…Rad,” I said lamely.
“Come on, Princess. Are you scared of him?”
I nodded slowly, pursing my lips to one side.
“He won’t hurt you, he’s a good boy. Come on.”
I hesitantly took a step inside, then two steps back when Thunder made some noises and moved around a bit.
The prince left him and came beside me, then held my right hand with his. His other hand was on the small of my back, putting me in front of him and urging me to move. “Don’t be scared, Princess. I’ve got you,” he whispered close to my ear.
I swallowed audibly and nodded, taking a deep breath in then one step forward, followed by other hesitant steps until I was right in front of the huge horse.
“I know he looks scary, but I swear to you, he has the most tender heart you could ever find in a horse,” the prince said in a low voice as if he was trying not to disturb Thunder as he drank from some kind of a water tank nearby.
I took another deep breath and let it out, the prince’s words easing my anxiety somewhat.
“Even if he wasn’t, do you think I’d ever let him hurt you? That I’d ever let you near him if I knew he would even think about it?”
I turned my head to the side and looked into his green heaven of eyes, seeing nothing but honesty and sincerity. Our eyes stayed locked for a few moments. He was so close, our noses were almost touching, and the tingle in my chest rose again at his nearness.
“Do you want to touch him?” the prince whispered.
“I’m not sure if I should,” I whispered back.
“What does your heart say?”
“To go for it,” I replied. “But my mind knows it’s not right, I could get hurt, real bad. I always follow my mind.”
“It’s mostly the right way to do things,” he whispered. “But then you would never find out how much fun it could be, proving to your mind how wrong it is, and that your heart is a better judge sometimes.”
I gulped.
The prince’s right hand squeezed the back of mine as he tangled our fingers together then pushed me gently towards Thunder, following right behind me. Our joined hands rose up with the prince’s guidance and slowly my fingers were touching Thunder’s thick coat. I gasped once my fingertips made contact with his body, turning to look at the prince once again. He was smiling softly then he nodded encouragingly.
“He’s so soft,” I said to myself when I looked back at my fingers that were touching Thunder. He truly was, and I just adored the sight of our fingers laced together as they moved all over Thunder’s back and his black coat. The prince’s hand guided mine for a minute, teaching me silently about the kind of pressure I should use over his body. When I raised my left hand to do the same as my right one, the prince’s hand left mine and settled on my hip. Then both of his hands were on my hips, keeping us close enough that our bodies were almost touching. Like, really, really almost.
The feel of Thunder’s body shuddering the slightest bit under my fingers was something I couldn’t put in words. It was really magnificent, to touch this strong, powerful creature and find it so soft that way…I was speechless.
The prince started telling me about Thunder’s pedigree: his father was a purebred Arabian horse and his mother was English–making him a breed called Thoroughbred, one of the most expensive horses in the whole world. It has the genes of both breeds, making it the strongest, fastest and the most beautiful. I was really enjoying the informative facts he was telling me, and it didn’t take a genius to figure out that horses were the prince’s passion. I kind of...liked it.
“He won three international races in a row in Derby, in Great Britain,” the prince said, and I turned my head to look at him in amazement. “I was riding him,” he winked.
Gah! Not again with the winking! Not while you’re so close…
“Impressive,” I said, and when the smug look was back on his stupidly-beautiful face I turned my head to look at the horse again. “Good boy, Thunder.”
“Uh, I was riding him, you know?” He said again.
“So?” I asked innocently, not looking at him.
“Um, nothing,” he sighed, and I smiled to myself, happy that I was able to stop him in his attempt to make me stroke his ego.
Men!
When I touched the hair on Thunder’s head, he leaned down and rubbed the top of his head on my chest, earning a squeal from my mouth and a continuous stroking from my hand to his head.
“I think he likes me,” I said, flashing the prince a wide grin.
“How could he not, Beautiful Princess?” He smiled, his hands tightening on my hips and his eyes telling me things I didn’t want to hear, because it was more than scary to believe them. I looked away, busying myself with Thunder once again.
“Isn’t it fun?” the prince asked a minute later.
“What?”
“To prove your mind wrong and your heart right?”
I refused to reply, and he didn’t ask again. He sighed, then offered, “Would you like a ride?”
“Can I?” Disbelief at the possibility and the excitement I felt for the idea filled my voice.
“Of course,” he smiled softly.
“Oh, my God!” I said excitedly. “Yes, please!”
His smile grew and he nodded. “Give me a minute to prepare him.”
I squealed and clapped my hands in delight.
The prince took a few minutes to put the saddle on Thunder’s back. He then untied him, securing the reins around the leather saddle and the stirrups.
“Come on, Princess. He’s all yours,” the prince smiled, offering me his hand.
I squealed again and took his hand, my other hand fisting the long robe I was wearing in my hand, then put my foot in the stirrup. I stumbled on my clothes and if it weren’t for the prince’s strong hands catching me, I would’ve fallen. I tried three more times, the last time sending the feeling of lost hope to my heart. I wasn’t going to be able to ride after all.
“Forget it,” I said in disappointment. “It’s not going to happen, not in these clothes.”
The prince pressed his lips in a tight line and stayed quiet for a minute before he spoke again. “Take them off.”
“Excuse me?”
“Take the abaya off, Princess.”
“You mean this?” I pointed to the robe.
“Yes.”
“Do you realize what I’m wearing underneath this?” I wasn’t going to wander around the royal stable wearing a little nightgown!
He grinned. “I think I have a pretty good idea.”
I rolled my eyes at him but couldn’t help my smile. “I can’t walk around wearing that,” I shook my head.
“Who said you would?” he asked. He dropped the reins that were in his hand and the next thing I knew, he was taking off his shirt. “Here, wear this,” he offered it to me and I just eyed it. “It’s clean, I promise. I took a shower while you were sleeping.” A grin. “I know you’re desperate to wear it–you were trying to take it off me all the while I was carrying you here.”
“I was not!” I gasped. “I am not!”
“It’s fine, Princess,” he said. “I know you could get on top of Thunder if you tried harder while still wearing the abaya, but you just want to see me half naked.”
“What on earth?” I gasped again, trying to hide my laughs. “You’re not funny.”
“Of course, that’s why you’re laughing.”
I shook my head and grabbed the shirt from his hand. “Okay, turn around,” I told him, making a circle with my pointer finger.
“What?” he protested. “I’ve already seen you in it!”
“Yeah, and you were NOT a gentleman about it. Not at all.”
“Not true! I never said anything impolite!”
“Your eyes did, and your head as well. You had thoughts about me.”
“It’s my head!”
“Turn. Around.”
The prince huffed, “Fine.” Then he grinned but didn’t turn around. “I can close my eyes and see everything I want. Huh!”
I crossed my arms in front of my chest and glared half-heartedly at him. He closed his eyes, still facing me. “Oh! I can see that you’ve already taken off the abaya but mistakenly took the gown with it.” He paused, nodding with his eyes still closed. “Nice!”
“Ugh! Unbelievable!” I took a step farther and put my hand on his shoulders, turning him around myself while smiling wide and big at his playful nature–a side of him that I had just discovered less than two hours ago–wondering how many other sides of him I’d yet to see, and wondering if I’d ever get to see them all, or if I’d like them like I secretly liked this one.
Wait…I like this one?
Ah! Shoot me now, I’m going insane.
“All right, all right,” he chuckled, and I was about to take the abaya off when he stopped me with a “Wait.”
I frowned as I saw him take a step closer to the door while looking up. I looked at what he was gazing at, to see that there was a small camera–with a very tiny red lamp–on the top of the door frame that I hadn’t noticed at all. The prince raised his right hand, motioned with it to the side, then closed his fingertips to each other and left them like that for a moment. I didn’t understand what he was doing until after I saw the camera’s lens as it moved to the side, before the red light disappeared, announcing that the camera was turned off.
He was ‘talking’ to the one behind the camera…Huh!
“Go on, Princess,” he said with his back turned to me. His back that I stared at a little bit longer than I was supposed to, or at all, while I smiled widely as I took the abaya off, then–out of nowhere–brought the shirt to my face and inhaled deeply.
I smelled protection and safety.



“My God! This is amazing!” I said, raising my hands to the sky. Enjoying my ride so much. More than I ever thought I would. “Can he go faster?” I asked the prince, who was walking beside Thunder with the reins in his hand, as we walked around the garden we’d seen when we first came out of the tunnel.
He gave me a look that translated into ‘Duh!’ and then smiled when I rolled my eyes. “I meant, could you get him to go faster than this? I wanna see how it would feel.”
The prince shook his head. “It’s risky, you could fall.”
“Oh, please?” I whined. “I’m going to be fine.”
“No, you won’t. I wouldn’t be able to catch you or stop it if he goes faster.”
I actually pouted like a little kid, then a thought crossed my mind. “Can’t you, like, ride with me or something?” I suggested.
His eyes shot to mine. “What?” he asked. “I mean, yeah, I can, but…are you sure? It won’t bother you or make you uncomfortable?”
I frowned. Why would it bother me? I shook my head in reply.
I was able to see his Adam’s apple as it bobbed up and down as he swallowed, his gaze locked with mine for a second before he nodded.
“Yes, I’m sure!”
It was only when I moved forward a little, and the prince settled himself behind me, that I knew what he’d meant by his question about if it would bother me or not. He was close. Really close. My back was pressed firmly to his naked chest and his head was right beside mine. I could almost feel his heartbeat.
Oh, dear God…
“Hold on to this,” he said after a minute, moving my right hand to the saddle horn, my left hand following next. His tone held something thick in it, but I couldn’t tell what it was.
The prince then held the reins tightly with his right hand, positioning it in the middle and not on the side. His elbow pressed tightly to my stomach as he pushed me back even more into his body, causing my heartbeat to race even faster. His left hand touched my hair that was over my shoulders and back, and he moved it all to my left shoulder, tucking some behind my ear while I sat still, fighting with my heart to settle down a bit–I didn’t want it to burst out of my chest, yet.
The same hand that had gathered my hair and put it aside moved down and around my body, holding me as firmly as he was holding the reins if not even more. His elbow was now pressed to the back of his left hand that was above my stomach.
I think it was then that my breath started to hitch, especially when I felt his own breath fanning over my skin, right on that soft spot behind my ear as he whispered, “Hold on tight, Beautiful Princess.”


It seemed like screaming was all I was able to do. Well, aside from laughing, chuckling, gasping and squealing.
Riding Thunder was really fun, more than I ever thought it would be. It was better than riding a roller coaster; as a matter of fact, it was better than any ride I had ever been on in an amusement park. God! It was magical!
I could easily hear the prince’s chuckle in my ear every time I screamed. I was really glad that my screaming didn’t make him deaf, because my own ears were already buzzing with them, and I was pretty sure my voice would be hoarse when this ride ended. I didn’t want it to end. Ever.
“This is so good!” I cried out. We were now far from the stable and the garden; there was light-golden sand all around us, everywhere I looked it was desert. A beautiful desert, that shone under the light of the full moon, and the magnificent sight that was made by the mountains as they hugged it on either side of us.
“Will we find our way back?” My mind, that never stopped working for a minute of my life, begged me to ask the question after a long while of more laughter and gushing.
“Don’t worry, Princess,” the prince said in my ear. “I know this desert like the back of my hand.” His voice, like every time he spoke–which were few–sent shivers down my spine.
“Can you make him go faster?”
Without replying to me, the prince’s hand tightened on the rope and pulled a bit. His legs, which were stuck to mine, tapped Thunder’s sides and he went faster. I squealed louder.
The cool breeze that was blowing on my face kept messing up my hair and I was glad that it was all on my left shoulder while the prince’s head stayed on my right one, because my hair would’ve blinded him for sure.
“Oh, my God!” I cried. “Faster, faster!” This time, the prince’s hand tightened over my stomach, and I think his breath hitched a little. I wondered if going faster was trying to him or something. Thunder didn’t go any faster, though.
“Faster, please!”
I felt the side of his jaw press tightly to my neck for a moment as he panted into my skin. I was pretty sure I heard him dropping an F-bomb under his breath, before he pulled the reins tighter this time and pulled up. His hand held me tightly as Thunder stood on his back legs and raised his front legs up and then dropped them to the left, his steps fumbling a little until he stilled eventually and his strong whinnying stopped.
I felt the breeze hit my back as the prince left me abruptly, and I found myself sitting alone on Thunder’s back, confused like I’d never been before.
“Why did we stop?” I asked.
“I–uh, I think we should walk a little, enjoy the sights, you know?” the prince replied awkwardly, looking anywhere but at me.
Did I do something wrong?
I didn’t say anything as we walked pretty much the same way we had in the garden, with me on Thunder’s back and the prince holding his reins and walking next to us.
The weather was a bit chilly, but was amazingly wonderful; the nature surrounding me was something to behold, to admire and…love. Everything around me was beauty on its own: the desert, the moon, the stars…the prince.
I sighed and just continued doing what I was doing: riding Thunder. The prince was silent for a long while, and I didn’t like it. I wished he would talk, but I didn’t know how to get him to talk to me. I also didn’t know why I wanted it that badly, and why his silence was bothering me. I just sighed again and said nothing.
Thunder slowed down and started sniffing the ground, not really moving anymore.
“I come here often; he thinks I came to spend some time here,” the prince explained. “I’ll make him go on in a minute, don’t worry.”
“No,” I said. “It’s nice here. We can stay for a few minutes. I mean, if you’re okay with it?”
“Of course, Princess. Whatever you like,” he smiled softly.
The prince helped me off of Thunder when I asked him to, and the feel of the cool sand underneath my bare feet was something else. It felt even better than the sand you’d find on beaches. This one was dry and so incredibly soft, softer than powdered sugar and gentler than cotton touch.
“So? What do you do around here?” I asked after a moment, as I sat on a smallish rock near the mountain we settled beside.
The prince shrugged, “Not much: stargazing, mountain climbing. I just like the quietness here.”
“Mountain climbing? That must be fun,” I told him.
“It is,” he smiled, letting go of Thunder’s reins and patting him strongly on the back.
“Can we do it now?”
“Do what? Climb the mountain?”
I nodded frantically.
“You’re barefoot!”
“It’s no big deal.”
“I’m not sure…”
“Oh, come on! Please?”
“Okay, wear my flip-flops then.”
“I’m not going to wear those, no way!”
The prince chuckled at my reply. “All right, I’ll go without them as well.”
I just smiled and shrugged. “Will he be okay?” I asked, pointing in Thunder’s direction.
“Yes, he’ll be fine, he’s used to it.”
To be honest, I wasn’t sure myself if I could handle climbing the mountain barefooted, but once I started doing it, I was sure it wouldn’t be hard at all. It didn’t feel very uncomfortable underneath my feet like I’d thought it would–it was actually okay. It was hard, but wasn’t edgy or sharp. As a matter of fact, it felt kind of smooth, like marble more than rocks, and I enjoyed it just like every other thing I had enjoyed that night.
“Uh, Princess?” the prince called from behind me and I turned to look at him. “I think it’s better if I go first.”
I frowned, then finally remembered I was actually in his shirt, that made it only to the middle of my thighs, and given that I was on a rock that was higher than the one the prince was standing on….
Oh, my God!
My face went red as the blush covered it and I bit my bottom lip, embarrassed and shy and not really knowing how to react or what to say.
The prince must’ve seen the look on my face because he continued, “I just want to lead the way.” I really hoped that he was telling the truth, and it wasn’t the fact that he was able to see up my nightie and shirt, and was just trying to be a gentleman. But then I thought, maybe he really couldn’t see anything after all and was telling the truth. He was a total pervert when it came to things like that and liked to tease me about it.
Well, I liked that thought better.
I nodded and let him lead the way.



By the time we made it to the top of the mountain my legs and thighs were aching a bit–not so much that I couldn’t handle it, but not as if I had done nothing. I made a mental note that I should go back to working out often. Well, if I ever found the time for it, that is.
“Wow!” was all I could say. The sight from the top of the mountain was better than anything I’d even seen in this kingdom: it was the kingdom itself.
Not better than the sight of the prince with Salma and Thunder, but still…
From my spot, I was able to see the tiny lights of the city in the very far distance, the city that I knew to be the capital of the kingdom. It was an amazing view; all I could see were organized lights and neat buildings that looked so tiny I could fit them between my thumb and pointer finger–but it looked fantastic nonetheless.
“Come here, Princess,” I heard the prince saying, pulling me away from my haze and making me aware of my mouth hanging widely open.
I moved to where he was standing and he took me by the hand to a place a few feet away, in the opposite direction to where I had been standing. “No way!” I said excitedly as I went toward the object he was leading me to. “A telescope?”
“Enjoy yourself,” he smiled.
And enjoy myself I did. There was some sand stuck to the lens and I buffed the heck out of it until it was clearer. I looked around, here and there, smiling at the really nice view in front of me, perfect buildings and almost empty streets. A minute later, my smile dropped as my eyes settled on something I couldn’t believe I was seeing. A huge pang of familiarity and longing hit me hard on the chest at the sight. I was sure I was imagining it, but more staring told me I really wasn’t. But how could it be?
“Uh…is that…” was all I could say.
“Is that what? What are you looking at?” the prince asked.
“Is that a cross?” I finally said.
“Where?”
I moved a little to show him and he placed his head where mine had been, looking through the telescope himself.
“Yep. That’s a church.”
“Seriously?” I asked in disbelief.
“Yeah, there are like twenty or something around here.”
“Twenty? Really?”
He nodded, frowning a little.
“Why?”
“Why what, Princess?”
“Why do you have them? Who goes there?”
I bet it’s empty.
“People go there!”
“Why would you build churches for ‘people’? Don’t you have like Muslim churches or something?”
“Er…that’s a mosque or masjed for you, not ‘Muslim churches.’Christians would prefer to pray in churches instead of masjeds, don’t you think?”
“Christians? You mean the ones who come to visit or whatever? But why build so many for them?”
“Oh! I think you’re not aware of the fact that twenty-three percent of my country’s population are Christians, Princess?”
“What? You mean like…natives?”
The prince chuckled. “Yes. ‘Natives.’ Christian-Arabs. What? You thought that Arabs could only be Muslims?”
I didn’t reply, only gaped in disbelief.
“We have several religions in the kingdom, Princess. The majority are Muslims, yes, but still.”
“Huh!”
“Enjoy the sight,” he smiled and walked back a few steps, then sat down on the ground.
I gazed at the church again from the telescope, trying to take in what he’d said. I’d never really thought about it before and I was kind of shocked to learn that Arabs could be something other than Muslims. Though when Joseph had told me about Janna, I’d hoped that somehow she would be Christian. But then again, I had already admitted to myself that I barely knew anything at all about Arabs or Muslims, for that matter. It was really…I didn’t even know.
Sometime later, I walked back to the prince and sat beside him on the ground. He was now resting his back against the mountain so he was half-sitting with his hands folded behind his head, his eyes focused up.
“What are you looking at?” I asked him dumbly.
“The sky.”
I sat back a little and watched it with him, the same beauty I’d noticed from the sunroom; if it wasn’t a crazy thing to consider, I would’ve said the full moon looked bigger from here.
I rubbed my arms with my hands a bit when the weather started to become a bit uncomfortable, and the prince sat up. “Are you cold?” he asked.
“A little,” I replied honestly, and it seemed to upset him.
“That’s why I wanted you to wear the abaya: it was the thickest thing I could find. I knew this was going to happen.” He stood up and motioned for me to take his hand.
“Where are we going?”
“Back home, you’ll get sick if we stay any longer.”
“I feel fine. Please, I don’t want to go back yet. Please, let’s stay for just a few more minutes,” I begged.
“It’s cold and will get colder.”
“I’m fine, it’s not so bad. We can sit closer to each other or something.”
The prince sighed in defeat and I held back a squeal. I won.
He sat closer to me and put his arm around my shoulder, but as the minutes passed, I found myself sitting between his legs and resting my head on his bare chest. He was holding me from behind, warming me with his closeness like nothing else could ever do.
I was very relaxed and comfortable; his breath near me was comforting and his touch along my arms was soothing. I liked it a lot, and for a minute, I wanted to forget everything and pretend, just pretend, close my eyes and pretend. Pretend that everything was fine and just let myself have a good time–because, indeed, I was really having a very good time.
“No matter how many times I’ve looked at this view, I can never get enough,” the prince spoke quietly into my ear, his nose nuzzling my hair the slightest, or so–for some mysterious reason–I wanted to think.
“I like the stars,” I said to myself more than to him. I admitted it.
Shining little star…
“I like them, too. The moon and the sky…”
“I don’t like the sky,” I said. “This sky is so dark, it scares me.”
“It’s the same sky you see in the daylight, or everywhere around the world.” He told me softly. “And you wouldn’t enjoy the stars if it weren’t for the dark sky, Princess.”
I turned my head to look at him. Surely he didn’t know about the small talk I’d had with myself in my head in the sunroom a few hours ago. How could he say those things, and make them touch me so deeply? How was he able to do those things to me? Why was he able to make my heart tingle and my stomach flutter this way? What was his deal?
I found no answers to any of my questions. The prince was a mystery to me. My own emotions were a mystery to me.
When I looked at the prince, his head was turned my way, looking at me, too. And just like when we were standing in Thunder’s room, we were so close this time, too. So close his breath was fanning over my cheek and his eyes looked even greener than I’d ever seen them, greener even now under the full moon’s light.
The prince’s eyes moved to gaze at my lips for a moment and then looked up to my eyes again. I started panting. Not only was I shocked that he was begging me with his eyes…but because I found myself wanting it, too.
His eyes weren’t asking me to kiss him; they were begging me to ask him to kiss me.
My breath tangled and my heart beat faster and faster–scared, needing, afraid, longing, refusing but wanting.
I couldn’t. I stood up. Too many emotions jumbling around inside of me. Too. Many. I had no idea what to do. My mind was going everywhere, and my heart was going to one where. But I couldn’t…not right, not right, not right.
His hand touched mine, making me aware of him standing next to me, and my breath settled the tiniest bit. He held my hand fully in his and pulled me, forcing me with tenderness to look at him. I turned to face him but couldn’t look into his eyes–they did things to me.
“Don’t,” he whispered, and I had to look in his eyes, a big mistake I was aware of but couldn’t control. “Don’t run away from me, Beautiful Princess.” His hand gripped mine tightly, and his other moved hair away from my face, brushing softly over my cheek and settling on my neck, where his thumb rubbed my jawline with the sweetest of touches.
His eyes were intense as they looked into mine: searching and waiting, hungry and careful, begging and pleading, but never demanding.
Our faces were getting closer to each other, closer by the second. The only sounds I could hear were our breaths and my heartbeat. The only thing I could feel was his thumb over my jawline, his grip on my hand and the fire inside of me. The only thing I could see was…green. All green. Eyes wanting, bouncing between lips and eyes. Begging with a look that was louder than any words in my ears. It was almost as if it was...praying.
Our lips touched, and my eyes closed. Our lips touched, and my head spun. Our lips touched, and my chest tingled. Our lips touched, and my knees buckled. Our lips touched, and my body melted.
His lips were intense, warm and loving. His touch was soft, hot and caring. His hold on my hand was tight, firm and kind.
There were sparkling lights behind my closed eyelids, and a tingling inside of my chest. There was fire everywhere I could feel and everywhere I couldn’t.
There was life.
His lips moved in perfect rhythm with mine, and I was lost in another world that shone with softness and comfort. I was lost in a sea of warm hearts and caring touches. Lost in a sky that was dark but glittered with little stars.
Dark sky…
I pulled back and turned away, panting and shaking slightly. My gaze wouldn’t meet his, and my mind wouldn’t admit what my heart felt.
His hand didn’t leave mine and he pulled me to face him again. This time our chests were touching immediately, and our cheeks were pressed together as he breathed into my ear. “Don’t, please. Don’t run away. Don’t.”
I swallowed thickly. “You, don’t,” I whispered.
“Don’t what, Beautiful, Beautiful Princess?” His other hand found my neck again, this time holding it tighter than before, his thumb under my chin as he raised my face up with it to look at him, his gaze darkening and his breaths shallow. “Don’t do this?” he asked before his lips met mine again. This time it was firmer, this time it was hotter, this time it was soft sucking and tongues touching. It was gasps and soft moans I’d never known I could make. It was a tight grip leaving my hand and settling on my hip, kneading and setting my body on fire underneath it. This time it was my hands touching a hard chest and tight muscles. It was waves of want and need, waves of more and never-stop.
But when breaths were greatly needed, we pulled back, panting and dazzled. Lightheaded and closed-throated. Heart working one thought, and mind working a hundred. A voice in my head screaming at me with what I felt I was:
Cheater.


Cheater.
Cheater, cheater, cheater…
My mind forced the word to ring in my ears over and over again. The voice telling me that I was a cheater grew louder and louder by the moment, until I started choking.
My hand left the prince’s, and the other left his chest, which I had been touching all the while my lips were pressed to his and my tongue was tasting him. Both of my hands moved up to my throat and I clasped it, trying desperately to catch my breath that I was struggling to take in or even to let out.
“D-do-don’t-” I gasped out, my eyes welling up with tears that I soon shed for how ashamed I was of myself. “Don’t d-do thi-s again.”
“Hey, hey, are you okay? What’s wrong?” the prince’s voice that I was hearing as if I were underwater asked, full of worry and concern.
“D-don’t do it-t again,” I choked out the words, my vision blurry and my legs shaking so badly that I almost lost my balance and fell.
It was as if I was trying to convince myself with the ‘Don’t do it again,’ that kissing the prince was all his doing and I had nothing to do with it. It was as if I was trying to tell myself that I was forced into it, that I wanted to stop it, that I hadn’t wanted it to happen in the first place.
But I wasn’t that stupid. I wasn’t so stupid that I wasn’t able to convince myself of the lies I wanted to plant in my own head. I knew better.
I had kissed him back.
I had kissed him back, and I’d liked it. The realization wasn’t at all easy on me. It was killing me, ripping at my heart from the inside to admit to myself–even with a very small part of my mind–that I was attracted to the prince, that I liked him, and that I wanted him.
But that wasn’t all of it. There was more. And the more was uglier. I was feeling something for him, as well. More than just attraction.
I was feeling something deep inside of me for the prince. It was strong, it was powerful, and it was…scary. Oh, so scary.
God! I was falling for one of them. Falling hard!
Cheater, cheater, cheater…
Oh, God, help me!
“I won’t, I won’t.” His hand surrounded my body as I sank slowly to the ground, still gasping for air and holding my throat and collarbone tightly, as if it would help me to breathe better that way. “It’s okay, you’re fine, just breathe.”
“C-can’t brea-the.”
“Yes, you can, Princess. You are breathing. You’re okay. I’m here,” he told me, his left hand under my head as held me to him while I lay half on the ground. His other hand tried to remove my hands from my throat.
“C-can’t-t.”
“Yes, yes, you can. Inhale deeply through your nose and let it out slowly through your mouth, as if you’re blowing into a balloon. Breathe. Yes, you’re doing well. It’ll pass.”
“Ca-n’t find it.” My hands moved frantically over my chest and above the shirt. My world was darkening by the second, and my mouth was getting drier and drier.
“There, there, it’s in your hand,” he said, his hand moving from my wrist–where he was probably checking my pulse–to my palm, which he placed my cross in. I held it in a tight grip and brought it up to my chest, trying to focus on my breathing like he was telling me to do and like I knew I should be doing.
“You’re safe, Princess, you’re all right, it’s okay,” he kept reassuring me with his words. His hand moved my hair out of my face before he placed his hand above mine which was over my chest, as if he was trying to tell me he was here by his gentle touch.
“Our Father–” I whispered breathlessly, “Our Fathern Who art in Heav–” I took a deep breath and tried to say my prayer, finding it really difficult and almost impossible to breathe while doing it, so I prayed silently instead.
My heart was thumping so hard inside of my chest, that I thought it was trying to make its way out of my body, but my breathing was getting a little bit better, as I lay there trying not to think of all of the things that had stirred up my panic attack.
I don’t know how long we stayed there that way on top of the mountain, trying to get myself back to normal, encouraged by the prince’s words as he kept telling me that I was fine and that it was okay. When I was finally fine again and my panic attack had passed, we made our way back to the royal stable.



The prince left me for a minute, after asking if I was okay to stand by myself while he got Thunder situated again in his stall. I watched as he tied him up as he was before we’d taken him for the ride, then patted him a few times before walking away from him.
The prince was almost out of the stall before I told him to wait a minute. I went up to the beautiful creature and hugged his neck. “Bye, Thunder. Thanks for the good time,” I whispered near his ear, smiling softly.
When I turned around, I found the prince watching me closely. I didn’t say anything, just looked and walked away, up the path we’d come from, passing by one stall after another of horses that were peeking their heads above the doors. I enjoyed watching them, all the while I was walking with the prince following behind me.
One of the stalls was slightly opened and I just had to look. When I looked inside I gasped. The sight was too adorable not to stop in my tracks and take a step closer to the stall. Inside, there were three horses; one of them was much bigger than the other two–actually, the other two were so little, even smaller than Salma. The three of them were beautiful shades of white. The mare, that I knew for a fact was the mother, had a white coat that was slightly darker than the two foals, who were nursing from their mother in such a beautiful way that I couldn’t help but stand there and stare.
A few minutes later, I heard the prince’s voice as he spoke, “This is my brother’s.”
I only nodded but didn’t say anything. I think it was only then that I realized why the prince was so fond of horses and why they were his passion. I also understood why Mona had said that he forgot time whenever he was with Salma because, standing there, I just found myself smiling and almost forgetting everything I was going through, while I watched the mother in amusement as she fed the two little ones and then helped them to stand up. They moved around her and she rubbed her head against their bodies and they did the same. Pure love. Pure love was shining out from the three of them; it was very touching and I couldn’t help myself as I stared and–loved.
“Can I touch them?” I asked in a quiet voice, not looking back at the prince. For the first time, I found myself wanting to touch a horse while knowing I could–unlike with Salma, that the prince had told me I couldn’t touch, and Thunder, that I was too afraid to touch. I still wanted to ask, since I had no idea whether or not it might offend his brother.
“Of course,” he said, “Just go slow with the twins.”
I nodded and moved to stand right beside them, then moved my hand slowly and carefully to touch them, one at a time. They were even softer than Thunder, and I felt like I could never get enough of touching them and enjoying their softness and their company.
One of them rubbed its forehead to my chest and my heart swelled just looking at the little foal. But then I felt the prince’s hand as it touched mine and I flinched. “Shhh,” he said before pushing on the back of my hand that he was touching, forcing my hand to push the little horse’s neck away from me.
“Hey!” I protested, frowning. “Why did you do that?” I asked, so scared that the push had hurt the little creature.
“You have to show them you’re in control, or they’ll demand more playing time, and then they’ll be upset when you don’t have it. Don’t worry, they are stronger than you think. I’ll have to teach you a thing or two about horses,” he told me, moving his hand away from mine.
I didn’t understand why I should show them I was in control or whatever, but I had to admit that I didn’t know anything about horses. I was surprised that I wanted to learn, just not knowing why I would need to at the same time.
I nodded again, still not looking at him.
“What are their names?” I asked.
“They are not named, yet.”
“Why not?” I wondered.
“They are waiting for you to name them,” he replied.
I turned my head to look at him. “Me? Why?”
“They are yours, Princess. My brother’s wedding gift for you.” He offered me a small smile.
“Oh, my God! Are you kidding?” I exclaimed, and he shook his head, smiling. “This is so wonderful!”
“They are the same as Salma’s species, purebred Arabian horses. They were born on the morning of the wedding, that’s why my brother said they’d be yours. He said the girls themselves wanted to be, since they arrived earlier than expected,” he smiled. “I just met them earlier when I was here for Salma.”
“They are only four days old?”
“Yes.”
“Wow!”
“He also said that it was a good sign, twins are very rare in horses, he said our marriage will be a very successful one,”
I didn’t know why he was telling me that, I believed in signs, but I didn’t believe in this one. Our marriage was never going to be anything like that. It was impossible.
“It’s so generous of your brother, I want to thank him,” I said, deciding to change the subject.
“Sure, you’re going to meet him next week anyway when you start working on things here,” he said, and I frowned, not replying. “I mean, your brother said you’ll be handling things from now on instead of him. I understand if it’s not your wish now but…” he paused. “Whatever you want, Princess, we’ll figure out something.”
I nodded, looking away from him.
I just want to go home…
I watched the twin foals for a few more minutes, closed my eyes for a moment and opened them again with a sigh before I said the next words, “Hope and Faith.”
“Beautiful names, Beautiful Princess.”



“Wait,” I said to the prince once again when we made it to the garden where the opening to the tunnel was. I bent down in front of the bed of red flowers that circled the garden with other yellow ones, then I picked a dozen of the red ones. They weren’t so easy to pick but I managed, all the while feeling the prince’s eyes on me.
When we made it to the door of the tunnel, the prince made me press the numbers again, making sure that I had them memorized. He praised me when he found out that I still remembered them, and then carried me again the same way he’d carried me when we first came.
“I can walk,” I said.
“I know you can,” he replied, but didn’t put me down. “Just relax, Princess.”
I didn’t argue, I just rested the side of my head on his chest and listened to his heartbeat, relaxing in his arms. Our walk back to the palace was just as silent as the ride back to the stable. The tension between us was so thick you could cut it with a knife, and I didn’t know where we would go from there.



When we made it back to our wing, the first thing I did was call Mona. It was the first time I’d ever done that, and the prince did notice it. I was a bit worried that I would be waking her up, but then yesterday I had woken up almost at the same time as now or a bit earlier and she’d said she was already awake because it was time for her to pray or something like that, so I figured she should be awake now as well.
I heard a knock and then Mona came inside, asking if I needed anything. Her smile was smaller than usual, and I felt even worse than I already did.
“This is for you,” I offered her the roses and her eyes widened. “I’m sorry for yelling at you earlier.”
“Oh, Princess Marie,” she said. “You didn’t have to apologize, I was pushy and you didn’t yell at me or anything.”
It was a lie. I did yell at her, and it did make her upset, I could see it.
“I’m not above apologizing for my mistakes, Mona,” I told her. The words I just spoke made me pause as I remembered how many times I had said hurtful words to the prince and never apologized to him. I didn’t know why it was so hard for me to do so, nor why I never did it – my own actions were confusing even to me.
“Thank you very much, Princess,” she smiled widely, taking the flowers from me. “Is there anything you need? Can I bring you something to eat now?”
I chuckled at her obsession with feeding me and shook my head. “No, thank you. I’ll just take a shower and head to bed. It’s been such a long day.”
“Let me prepare the bath for you, Princess,” she said. Her words were kind of pleading, as if she was afraid I’d refuse. I just smiled and nodded.
When she walked out of the room and not into the bathroom, I figured she went to put the flowers in water or something. Before she came back, the prince spoke, “That was kind of you.” My reply was nothing but a small smile.
I didn’t believe it was kind or anything. It was a must-do, so I did.



“Just pick me something comfortable, please,” I told Mona when she was about to leave the bathroom to get me something to wear. My legs were really dirty, and the wind had managed to blow some soft sand into my hair, so I had to wash both with extra attention.
Mona came back with a set of pink lace panties and a bra, and a pink tank top with spaghetti straps and a little white bird on the left breast. She also brought me white cotton sweatpants with loose legs and the same little bird on the right thigh, but this one was pink. Once again I admired Janna’s taste.
When I came out of the room, the prince was nowhere to be found. I wanted to ask Mona if she knew where he was, but didn’t want to at the same time–I refused to let it show how I was thinking about him.
I went to the dresser that was near the window and sat down on the chair in front of it. Mona started blow drying my hair right away, and I guess I turned my head to the sides several times as I kept looking for the prince around the room because Mona said, “Prince Mazen showered in the guest bathroom, Princess Marie, and he’s offering his prayer at the moment in the living room.”
Oh!
Though I didn’t know why I felt a bit more at ease when I learned where he was, I wanted to let out a snippy comment about how I hadn’t asked her where he was, but then thought better of it. She didn’t deserve to have my anger taken out on her. Again. So instead I said, “He could’ve told me he needed the bathroom first. I didn’t take that long, did I?”
“It’s not like that, Princess,” she said as she moved the brush down my hair. “He didn’t want to bother you, he wanted you to take all the time you needed. He was just afraid he would miss the prayer, is all.”
“How would he miss it?” It was the second time I’d heard the words ‘missing the prayer’ and I didn’t understand what that meant.
“This prayer time ends at sunrise, Princess,” Mona explained, but before I could ask her any further questions, the prince walked into the room, smiling softly when our eyes met. I looked away. When I saw my reflection in the mirror again, I still called myself a cheater, because though I looked away and didn’t smile and my acts were cold to him, there was warmth inside of me when I looked at him that I couldn’t deny I was feeling.
“Thank you,” I said politely when Mona was finished with my hair.
“It’s my pleasure, Princess Marie.” She smiled brightly and I smiled in return, getting up when she left and heading to bed.
“Uh, Princess?” the prince called when I reached the side of the bed.
“Yes?” I said without looking, then felt him coming closer.
“Can we talk?” he asked.
“Not now, I want to go to sleep, I’m exhausted,” I replied, reaching for the bed covers and starting to pull them back. I’d only slept for three or four hours in the past day.
“Only for a few minutes.”
“I’m not in the mood for talking,”
“Please, Princess.”
I sighed. I really didn’t want to talk, I just wanted this day to be over already. Still, I went to the living area and sat on the couch, crossing my legs, then my arms in front of my chest.
I wasn’t feeling very comfortable when the prince chose to sit next to me on the couch.
“What happened earlier–”
“I don’t want to talk about it,” I interrupted him.
I heard the prince sighing. “I meant the panic attack not the ki–”
“I don’t want to talk about that, either.”
“Princess, please,” he pleaded in a quiet voice. “Nothing works fine when we block things out and shut down. Please, just talk to me, I need to make sure you’re okay.”
My heart hurt and mind fogged with thoughts and memories. “I’m okay,” came out the whispered reply.
There was silence for a minute before the prince spoke again, “Has that happened to you before?”
I didn’t want to reply, but I found myself nodding anyway.
“How long ago?”
“Almost fourteen years.” My throat started closing, and I swallowed a few times to let it go.
There was concern in his voice and a hint of sorrow–which I hated–when he asked, “What prompted it the first time?”
I couldn’t talk about that, not at all, and not to him of all people. “I don’t want to talk about it,” I shook my head.
“You can tell me anything, Princess. I’m not a bad person, I promise, maybe I can help.”
“No, I can’t tell you anything, I can’t tell you a lot of things. I don’t know you, I shouldn’t be telling you my secrets, and I sure-as-heck shouldn’t have kissed you,” I exclaimed, leaning forward and holding my head in my hands, my frustration with myself taking its toll on me as I started showing how angry and ashamed I was–with myself, that is. That in itself bothered me to no end because I didn’t want to show him my vulnerability any more than I already had.
“But I thought…” the prince started then paused before speaking again. “I thought we said we would try to get to know each other, Princess. Why are you pulling away now? Why are you changing your mind? What happened?”
“You know what happened,” I snapped, head still between my hands.
His sigh was more like a huff this time. “Listen, Princess,” he said, and I didn’t move an inch to let him know that I was listening, “I know this has all started out wrong–very wrong–but, maybe, something good could come out of it, just try to see that.”
“Something good like what? We fall in love with each other and then live happily ever after? It’s never going to happen.” I shook my trapped head.
The silence that came after that statement was deafening. My words–for some stupid reason that I didn’t want to admit I knew of–stung as I spoke them, but it had to be said.
“When we kis–”
“Don’t say it! Please.” Speaking of it, hearing of it, was almost as hard as remembering it. “Let’s just pretend it never happened, okay?”
“You want to pretend it never happened?” His voice was low and his tone was sad.
“Yes.” Pretending was the only thing I would ever be able to do, but between me and myself, I knew I would never forget it had happened.
“But as far as I remember–...before that, it wasn’t so hard for you to look me in the eyes, and you didn’t flinch away every time I touched your hand.”
I squeezed my already-closed eyes and laid my head back, resting it on the back of the couch. The war inside of me…I just…too much!
“We can be friends, you know?” he whispered.
“I can’t be friends with you,” I whispered back, my voice shaky and newborn tears stinging my eyes.
“Why not?” the same low voice and the same sad tone.
“I can’t be friends with a Muslim,” I stated. The words might have hurt me the same way I knew they were hurting him.
I could only imagine what he would think of me after that. I could only feel sad for myself, for my inability to open up to him or accept him as a friend, but it was so hard for me. I couldn’t just let go of...everything. Not after what had happened to me before because of...them.
No words were spoken after that, and I didn’t remember exactly what happened, but I knew that I cried, and I knew my heart was aching. Maybe I dozed off or something after a while, because the prince carried me bridal style once again, and I remembered him placing me on the bed then pulling the covers over me. He whispered a few words that–though they were in my language–I couldn’t understand, or find it in me to ask him what he meant by them. His voice wasn’t as sad as it was pained when he spoke while moving locks of hair out of my face and behind my ear.
“May you find the black keys, Troubled Princess.”


“Papa!” My voice was panicked and my breaths were shallow. Fear filled my insides and tears filled my eyes.
“Manon,” his voice was very low and his breaths were barely there. Worry filled his words and an undeniable sorrow filled his tone.
“Papa, I’m so scared, please come here already,” begs and pleas.
“I’m afraid I won’t make it this time, Sweetie-Pie,” gasps and sobs.
“No, no, Papa, you have to come here, you have to.”
“Papa loves you so much, Manon.”
Do you know that feeling you get when you wake up in a bed that’s not yours? You open your eyes and look around, wondering where you are, and what has brought you there. Panic and confusion fill your senses for a moment or two, until you remember everything?
Well, that wasn’t what happened to me this time, when I woke up in that bed that was supposed to be mine and the prince’s. I knew right away where I was, even before I opened my eyes. The strong scent of musk and ambergris refreshed my memory, and reminded me of everything I hadn’t ever forgotten.
Memories came rushing back to me, of my brother and his wedding that turned out to be mine as well, followed by the prince cutting his shoulder to protect my honor, or his, or maybe his sister’s, who knows…then getting sick and waking up, thinking that he’d hurt me somehow or while I was sleeping. Janna and her promise, and then the queen threatening my life. Salma and Thunder. Hope and Faith…
A small smile tugged on my lips at the thought of the good time I’d had with the horses, and I opened my eyes thinking it’d be to bright sunlight, only to be met by the bright green that was the prince’s eyes.
My gaze held his for a moment. He was sitting on the side of the bed, right beside me; his eyes were on me and his lips smiled softly. My first thought was to wonder how long he had been sitting there…watching me. My second thought was a memory of those smiling lips pressed into my own.
My smile died.
“Good morning, Sleepy Princess,” he said. “Good afternoon, I mean.” His smile remained and his voice was just above a whisper, as if not to disturb me.
I sat up on the bed and rubbed the sleep out of my eyes, then asked, “What time is it?”
“A bit after four.”
Huh!
“I slept for too long,” I sighed, moving a hand through my hair and stretching a little with a small yawn.
“Not that much, you went to sleep at almost seven,” the prince said. When I looked into his eyes, I found that something had shifted in them, something I had no idea what it was.
“Yeah,” I replied in a low voice, my eyes searching his for answers to questions I couldn’t even place for myself.
“Were you having a bad dream?” he asked in a voice that was barely louder than mine.
I swallowed thickly, wondering if I’d been talking in my sleep. And though I didn’t want to answer him, I still found myself doing the opposite.
“A nightmare,” was my reply. A memory, was the truer answer.
A moment of silence filled the room, and I assumed he saw that I wasn’t going to say anything more about it than that, since he asked no more questions. That moment was followed by the prince taking a glass of water from the nightstand beside me and handing it to me. “Here,” he said. I took it from him with a ‘thank you’ and started drinking, thoughts of the, uh…thing we’d shared last night–or in the very early hours of today–consuming me. What I’d said to him earlier this morning almost caused me to blush in embarrassment, only because I’d said what I said and, yet, he was still being kind enough to offer me water and…those warm looks.
When I was finished with the water, I placed the glass back on the nightstand, noticing that small box I’d seen last night when I woke up from my little nap. I picked it up and examined it.
“What is this?” I asked.
“Um, it’s for you, why don’t you open it?” the prince replied. If I didn’t know better, I would’ve said there was a bit of bashfulness in his looking-away-from-me-and-focused-on-the-box eyes.
I frowned slightly, confused by that certain look and why it was there, then opened the small box in my hands. I drowned in shock right away.
I couldn’t do anything except stare, but even that was interrupted by the blurry vision caused by my teary eyes. A wave of mixed feelings and a rush of a hundred questions hit me hard, paining and curing me at the very same time.
Longing. Passion. Ache. Wonder. Happiness. Embarrassment. And, gratefulness.
When? How? And, why?
I blinked the tears away and let out the breath I’d been holding, still staring and still too shocked to speak. It seemed like all I was able to do was gawk. Ogle. Shake my head slightly. Press my lips together hard. I was just…I couldn’t believe my eyes.
“I hope those tears are not because of how bad the design is?” the prince’s voice brought me back from my shocked state, his tone urging me to say something. Anything.
“It’s- it’s…beautiful,” I breathed out, wiping my tears with the back of my left hand, my right one clutching the small box for dear life.
The grin that dominated the prince’s beautiful features when I said that was almost blinding.
And infectious.
“Thank you so much,” I said with gratitude filling my every sense and a grin decorating my face. I had no idea if he had any idea how much this meant to me. I couldn’t even tell how much this meant to me. So much. More than so much.
“You’ve very welcome, Beautiful Princess,” he said with the smile still living on his lips.
“It’s so beautiful,” I said in awe as I stared at it some more.
“Beautiful princesses should only get beautiful things,” His words expressed sincerity and it made my chest swell at the sound of it.
It wasn’t the amount of diamonds that were placed in the piece of jewelry that he’d just gifted me that made me so in love with it. No, it was the jewelry itself and what it resembled, what it meant and what it felt like to realize all of those things.
“When did you buy it?” I wondered. Because this beautiful thing in my hands wasn’t something you could just pick up from a store, and mine only broke last night. Of course he would have had to search for it or so…I just couldn’t get when would he buy this, nor where.
“Last night when I went to see Salma, I asked one of the guards to go to the family’s jewelry designer and get him to do this for you. I gave him the details and how I wanted it to look, and once I got the box in my hand, I came back right away,” he explained, smiling.
“Oh, my goodness!” I gushed. “I can’t believe you got it done in such a short time.”
He only shrugged with the smile still on his lips.
“Wait, what do you mean by ‘details’?”
“I had the picture for it in my mind and I told him about it; he made it just like I wanted it.”
“Wow! It’s as if you designed it yourself!”
His answering grin was outstanding, and my chest ached some more.
I couldn’t wait any longer, I wanted to wear it right then and there. It just had to be worn, and it felt like I would put it inside of my heart if I was able to.
I took the necklace out of the box. The diamonds in the cross charm made it heavier than any charm I’d ever worn before, but then again, I’d never worn something that beautiful before. I’d always worn pretty stuff, yeah, but nothing was ever that beautiful.
The cross-shaped charm was decorated with tiny, small and large diamond stones–so many diamonds. A large stone in the center was shaped like a rose and it was surrounded by four hearts–three of them were the same size, and one that was much longer and took the place of the bottom part of the cross.
It was breathtakingly beautiful. It was a cross made of hearts. Hearts. And he designed it. Him. The prince.
I fumbled a bit with the lock, but got it done eventually, then looked down at the cross hanging over my chest and couldn’t help grinning widely and thanking the prince once again.
“It’s too much,” I said.
“Nothing is too much when it’s for you, Beautiful Princess,” he told me.
A blush crept up my face and neck as I looked into his beautiful green eyes. His words–yet again–sounded very honest and his expression looked very true. And I…I couldn’t understand.
“Why are you like this?” Because I had to ask.
Our eyes stayed locked together for longer than a few moments, before he sighed then answered my question, “I’ve been wondering the same thing, Princess.”
More confusion. His answer made me even more confused. I couldn’t understand if he meant that he was wondering the same thing, as in why was he like that with me? or if he was wondering why I was like that but wouldn’t ask me the question that I’d just asked him.
I bit my bottom lip, my eyes narrowing a little and my head cocking to the side, as I tried to solve the mystery that was the prince sitting in front of me.
Why was he so very patient with me this way? Why was he that kind? I’d hurt him last night and told him we couldn’t be even friends. I’d never apologized. For anything, that is. Why would he be like this?
He gave me a cross! He gave me hearts! He also gave me no hint of an explanation as to why he was like this. Why was he treating me like this? Why was he so good to me? Why?
Lies.
Games.
Traps.
“Why are you okay with me wearing a cross while your mother is not?”
He frowned. “My mother is not okay with you wearing a cross? I don’t think so.”
“Oh, trust me. She’s not!” I almost snorted, did he know his mother at all?
“Why would you say that?” His frown deepened.
“She told me that herself.”
“She did what?” His confused frown turned into shocked, wide eyes.
“Yep, she said she wished her only child had gotten married to someone better than me, and that she would’ve been grateful if you’d married a Muslim instead, when I wouldn’t take off my cross at her demand.”
I watched as his nostrils flared and anger filled his eyes as he clenched his fists. “I can’t believe she said that!”
“I have no reason to lie.”
“Of course. It’s not what I meant, I just–” He didn’t complete his thought, only moved a hand through his wild locks of hair, gripping it in frustration, groaning before shaking his head and looking down toward his lap. “She shouldn’t have said that,” he eventually said in a low voice.
“Yeah,” I emptied my lungs in a long sigh.
“People should never be judged for what kind of faith they’ve chosen to be theirs, Princess.” His eyes met mine again, and it made me wonder if his words were meant for his mother’s actions or…mine.
I didn’t reply to him, I only held his gaze for a few moments, searching for a confirmation to my doubts, but I found none. He was always so hard to read.
It didn’t stop my wondering, though.
“True,” was my one-word reply.
“I’m sorr–”
“It wasn’t your fault,” I interrupted him, shaking my head. “And it’s no big deal, anyway.”
“No big deal?” he asked, surprised. “You mean it didn’t hurt you? To be taken as a less-than-good person, without you doing anything to give the person judging you a bad impression of yourself? It doesn’t hurt at all to know that only because of your faith someone will always think less of you–no matter what? It doesn’t hurt, Princess?”
My eyes moved between his for a second, perceiving, observing. I swallowed thickly, “I guess it does.”
It wasn’t news to me that I’d hurt the prince more times than I cared to admit since the day of the wedding, but it was out of my hands. I wouldn’t lie and say I didn’t mean it, because I did. I meant to hurt him. It was just that…God! I couldn’t believe how similar I was to…the queen.
Yeah, to the queen of all people.
But it wasn’t like that with me; I didn’t judge a person because of their race or religion. The girl that was as close to me as anyone could get–my assistant–was African-American. A very decent number of my employees were Jewish or Atheists. I didn’t have anything against different races or religions. Or…did I? No, of course not. It was only this particular religion that I had a problem with. And I had my reasons. I did. I wasn’t like her…no, I wasn’t. Or…was I?
Good God!
The prince nodded, “I know it does.” And that hurt more than what we were talking about. “So, I apologize for what my mother said to you,” he said. “I won’t justify her actions because there is nothing that could justify that, but I do hope that one day you can forgive her and realize what a good woman my mother is.” I had to hold back an eye roll at hearing that.
“She is,” he insisted, as if he were able to read my mind and knew his words were unbelievable to me. “She’s a queen, she’s responsible for lots of things in this kingdom, and it’s a lot. Her biggest dream was–is–for me to be the next king after my father. Our marriage almost ruined everything for her, threatened this dream and the possibility of it ever happening. She’s already had everything planned for me, even my bride. She just wants someone to blame, and her blame–unfortunately–is misplaced; it should be directed at Yoseph, not at you.” He sighed. “This still doesn’t justify her actions, but I hope it helps you understand her reasoning a bit, Princess. She’s just upset and overprotective, and she’s not the only one who feels betrayed.”
The way the prince was talking, I really couldn’t understand how he did it, or how he was able to comprehend all of those things. His words about his mother–how did he understand her so well like that? How was he able to convince me to understand all of that? It was really strange. And above all, I wondered how he was able to understand me that much.
He knew I felt betrayed.
And again, I found out that I had more in common with the queen than I’d ever imagined.
The biggest question that was roaming inside of my head was, was this why he was treating me this way? So nice, so kind and so…caring? Was I really just like everything he’d just said about his mother? Because it felt like it. It felt like his words were all about me, along with his mother.
Was it only because I felt betrayed that I was treating him this way? Hurting him over and over again? Was my cruelty towards him misplaced, just like the queen’s blame? Was I really mistaken when I blamed him for everything that was happening to me, while there were other people I should be blaming, especially since I knew he wasn’t really the one to blame?
There was a ‘yes’ brightening in my mind behind each and every one of those questions. And it wasn’t easy to take in. It was saddening and embarrassing at the same time.
I pressed my lips together into a tight line, then I nodded. Because I understood. Most of the things, at least. To a point.
I only hoped that the prince would’ve told me as well, that if I found it really, really hard to ever forgive the queen for what she’d said to me or how she’d made me feel, whether that meant the prince would find it as hard to forgive me for all of the times I’d unintentionally and intentionally hurt him.
Or if he would’ve told me why I cared so much for how he felt, for me or because of me.
My head was spinning already.
The prince offered me one of his small smiles and asked, “Do you fancy eating now?”
“I’m famished,” I admitted.
His smile grew bigger and he nodded, “C’mon.”
“Oh, snap!” I gasped when I attempted to get up only to find my new necklace falling from my neck to my lap. I held it up, confused as to why it would fall down after I’d locked it, and grateful that it hadn’t happened somewhere else where I couldn’t find it later. I held it up and examined the clasp, finding that it was different from the other clasps I was used to.
“Let me?” the prince’s voice asked. His hand reached out in an offer to take the necklace from my hand, and I handed it to him.
He sat closer to me than he was a minute before. I moved my hair to the side and waited for him to put it on for me like he’d done so many times on the night of the wedding.
“There are two clasps on this necklace, the bigger one covers and secures the smaller,” he told me as he worked the locks. His breath fanned over the side of my neck, making my skin tingle and my heart beat faster, reminding me of last night and all the times I felt his very warm breath on my neck and face. One specific memory made me shiver and close my eyes as I relived the moment that I hated and loved all the same.
When I opened my eyes again, I found the prince’s once more staring deeply into mine.
I had to hold my breath at the look in his eyes. He was so close, his face only an inch away from mine, our lips almost touching–he was that close. And I knew, I just knew, that look. Oh, God! That look! I knew what he wanted. I knew what I wanted. And I knew it was the same thing. But…
“Are we pretending?” I had to ask because I had to know. He never replied to my request last night about pretending that we never shared that thing, and I wanted to make sure of what he wanted to do, or if he was going to do it. I felt like a small child, wanting to play but knowing I wasn’t allowed to do so. But the difference was that the one not allowing me to play wasn’t a parent, it was my own head. My head was denying my heart what it wanted to feel. To touch. To do.
“I’m not,” was his quick, whispered reply, which made me question his sanity, or the limits of his forgiveness. Because it was too much for me to believe that he’d forgotten all of the hurtful words I’d said to him yesterday, and was still able to look me in the eye with so much passion in those beautiful green eyes of his.
I couldn’t believe it. Too much. It was too much.
Games.
Lies.
Traps.
“Don’t kiss me,” I whispered back, and against everything in me that wanted the opposite.
“I wasn’t going to.”
And I was surprisingly disappointed and upset. To a point.



The hours that followed were peaceful. We ate and had very light conversations. Mona came and went a few times. One of those times was to take back the World Cup-thing that gave off the wonderful-smelling smoke, and I had to ask her about that tradition, and why she’d only done it starting from yesterday and not since the day of the wedding. She answered that the scent of the rosebuds that were decorating the bed on the wedding night was still filling the room and the musk would’ve killed it, so she didn’t do it the first two days. Her answer made me notice how there were lots of things that I wasn’t aware of, or hadn’t paid attention to–like the fact that I hadn’t even noticed the disappearance of the rosebuds that had covered the floor the past three days and were gone in the middle of the day yesterday. Or the disappearance of the shattered glass in the bathroom right the next day. It also made me notice how everything around me was super-organized and everything was very neat, even those silly traditions. Well, some of them. A few of them.
Crazily, I liked the way I was bonding with Mona more each day.
The prince then asked me if I wanted to take that tour of our wing, and I eagerly agreed. My mind forgot everything bad with every new room I saw. Everything was decorated perfectly. And there was nothing I couldn’t love. The rooms were pretty, each one of them. The three guest rooms, the three sitting rooms, the two dining rooms and the two living rooms. The kids’ rooms were what made my heart flutter inside of my chest; they were too cute and just adorable. Two rooms with two beds, each.
Imagining that those could’ve been rooms for my kids made it hard for me not to tear up. I’d always loved kids and I’d wanted them forever. And even if those rooms weren’t meant for my kids, I still couldn’t help my motherly hormones or whatever inside of me that made my heart ache with longing and hope.



I had a scarf over my shoulders when the prince snuck us out once again, but this time it wasn’t down and under the palace–nope, it was on top of it. We got there with hidden ladders behind the secret doors, and the sight from up there was magical.
The sky was beautiful shades of orange and red, and the sun looked amazingly stunning with its perfect round shape and the outstanding golden color. The prince made a little comment about it that made me blush, saying that it was the same beautiful color as my locks.
We watched as the sun disappeared more moment by moment, saying a silent goodbye as it hid behind the clouds, making space for the moon and changing the day right before our eyes into night, something that, like star-gazing and mountain climbing, I hadn’t paid that much attention to before in my life. I had no idea how I was so blind to such beautiful things around me.
“You really like nature, huh?” I asked the prince as I studied him while he studied the sky. It was really inspiring, to learn that this powerful man had such a tender soul that loved to watch the sun as it set and as it rose, loved to gaze at the stars, loved the sky when it was blue and when it was black. Someone who had the whole world in his hands, yet liked simple things that many people didn’t even care the slightest for.
“I adore it,” he simply replied, and I had to smile, hugging the scarf to my chest in comfort.
“So, nature is your passion?” I asked, tilting my head to the side, wondering if he liked horses more or nature.
“Along with other things, yeah,” he said with his eyes still gazing away at the sky. I wondered about those other things and what they were, his next question snapping me out of my thoughts.
“What about you, Pretending Princess?” His tone was teasing and his narrowed eyes and lopsided smile were playful, both making me blush hard and look away.
It was so easy to read him this time, because he wasn’t trying to hide it. And I completely understood why with the tone and the look. My questions were those of someone who was curious to get to know the other. It was as if I was doing the very thing I’d told him earlier before I fell asleep that I would never do: be friends with him. And I wondered if my mood swings–as they must’ve appeared to him to be–were giving him whiplash yet.
But it really wasn’t that simple. I wasn’t just moody, with my mood shifting easily and so much, it was just hard inside of me, and hard to explain. The prince was someone interesting; he was very kind, caring, smart and handsome, simply any girl’s dream. But he was a Muslim. A part inside of me wanted to get to know him and maybe really be friends. Sometimes I even thought–with all of the chemistry and my attraction to him–that we could be even more. But every time I thought that, I could never help the feeling of being a cheater. As if I was betraying the two people I loved the most, even more than my own parents. And I couldn’t do that, I couldn’t go on. It was easy to pull away, but it was even easier to be pulled back to him. It was such a war.
Before I could tell him about my obsession with reading that I barely had the time to fulfill, a gasp left my mouth at the sound of loud voices.
The sound wasn’t annoying, not at all. It was just surprising. And loud. And I didn’t know what it was or where it was coming from. I looked around me in search of the source, but found none, so I asked the prince, “What is this?”
“It’s the azan,” he answered.
“The what?”
“Azan. It’s the call to prayer. You hear it five times a day, once for each prayer,” he explained.
Huh!
“Why have I never heard it before?”
“Our wing has soundproof walls. Nobody can hear anything from the outside of it or from the inside, only between rooms and when a window is open.”
I nodded my understanding, then stood still as I listened to the sound of it; it was surprisingly nice, peaceful and strong. What I felt was curiosity mixed with hints of that feeling you get when you learn about a new thing–you’re silent as you take things in and observe and then you’re wondering about new questions you never knew you would ask at all.
The prince was looking at me all the while I listened to it with a small smile on his lips, and when the call to the prayer was finished, I gasped again at the sight of a huge guy in a uniform nearing us as we stood on the roof.
Fright hit me hard, I felt it in my stomach before it made its way to my chest, as I watched the guy as he took one step after another toward us, a big gun in his hands just to add to the mix of his thick, black beard and scary, hard features.
“Hey, it’s okay, he’s just one of the guards,” the prince’s voice was nearer to me than before. The arm that he threw around me with his hand holding the space between my shoulder and elbow, and the squeeze he gave it, blew a wave of security and safety right into me and reached my every sense as he hugged me close to his body.
The guard said some words in Arabic that sounded like a greeting and nodded his head once to the prince then to me without making any eye contact with me.
“If you’ll excuse me for not using English right now, Princess, I promise to translate later,” the prince asked and I nodded quickly a few times.
Their conversation went on for only a minute. All the while the prince was holding me to him in reassurance rather than protection, since there was no harmful threat anywhere close. It was all in my head, and I knew in my heart that the prince wouldn’t let him hurt me if it ever came to that. He’d promised.
The guard didn’t glance my way even once, completely ignoring me. His head was bent down all the while he talked to the prince except for a few times that he looked him in the eye. I despised the fact that it was surely because they weren’t allowed to look at any of the royal family in the eye or with such humbleness, because that huge guy looked like a slave to me, with no power whatsoever, just by the pose he was taking as he stood in front of the prince.
When the guard was dismissed, he left with another nod to the prince and a nod to me, and then the prince explained that he was changing shifts with another guard and was only checking if everything was okay or if we needed something.
When it got dark, it was our cue to go back to the wing, because despite the lights that lit up the whole place, there were mosquitoes up there which I definitely didn’t want to be friends with or get to know any better–because if they were in any way related to the ones in New York, then I was better off away from them.
Once we got back, the prince went to offer his prayer in one of the rooms and I followed him. I watched him pray once again and I still felt the same as I’d felt the first time I saw him praying yesterday.
I didn’t know if it was the form of the prayer itself that pulled me to it, or the fact that he was the one who was praying. I only knew that I was so touched, still, by the fact that this commanding man, who made strong, huge men stand still in respect and obey, could be that humble and touch his head to the floor in front of God and for God.
I found myself yet again, closing my eyes and saying my first prayer while holding a cross that was made of diamonds and hearts. Maybe in a different language, maybe with a different religion, maybe in a different prayer, but it was for the same God. And I couldn’t love that moment more.



That night as we sat in the living room, the prince taught me more about the secret doors and the alleys. It wasn’t so hard to understand with the technique he’d been using to teach me, but I still felt the need to learn it over and over again, and the prince didn’t hesitate at all to reply to each of my questions or any of my wondering. When we were finished with the day’s lesson, he burned the paper he was using to show me the directions. The feel of him sharing something that important and secretive with me almost made me dizzy with the war of emotions that consumed me.
For a brief second, I wondered if someday soon I’d be using the information for my escape, but my thoughts were interrupted by Mona informing us of Princess Janna’s presence and her request to meet with the prince and me.


“I’m not sure I’m following,” the prince said. “Come again, Janna?”
I looked from the prince to Janna, a frown on my face, waiting for her to obey the prince’s request. I was grateful that he’d asked it at all since I wasn’t following myself or understanding what exactly she wanted.
Janna emptied her lungs in a short sigh that sounded more like a huff. I didn’t know if the prince noticed or not, but she looked exhausted, drained even. Her puffy eyes were bloodshot, and her face was paler than normal. She was smiling, cheerful as ever. All relaxed and appearing whole...but she really wasn’t. I could tell she was not well, not at all. Not only emotionally, but physically as well.
Had she slept at all? Had she eaten anything? …Had she stopped crying since yesterday? The questions roamed around my head. Wondering why, if she looked so tired, so sad and just plain depressed, why would she pretend to be happy? Why was she acting as if she was fine and life was rosy and pink? I had no clue. And the thing I was wondering about the most was if she’d spoken to Joseph at all or if they’d already made up.
I doubted it, though. Because it simply didn’t look like it.
I figured that if I was noticing all of this–her face that she was hiding with thick makeup, that although covering some of her sadness, still did so little to cover her pain–the prince was probably seeing it, too. Not due to the fact that he was a doctor or anything like that, but the fact that he was her brother. The caring and loving brother I knew he was.
“I want to take Princess Marie to meet Princess Rosanna.”
Um…Rosanna?
“Aha! And why is that?” the prince asked.
“It’s just that Princess Rosanna missed the wedding, as you know, and she wanted to meet Princess Marie to wish her a happy marriage and to give her a wedding gift,” Janna explained.
“Hmm…” her brother replied, his gaze moving away from her and to somewhere above her shoulder. He looked as if he was considering her request, filling the room with silence as I kept glancing between the two of them. The prince kept thinking, not looking my way, and Janna only smiled softly when our eyes met. Said smile failed to reach those thickly kohl-lined eyes of hers, though.
“Princess Rosanna who?” I had to ask.
“She’s our cousin and sister-in-law, Prince Fahd’s wife.”
Huh!
“It’s kind of you both to think of that,” the prince replied. “But you know the seven-day rule; we wouldn’t want to upset our mother by breaking more rules.”
“It won’t be a problem; I already got the queen’s permission,” Janna replied.
“You did?” he sounded surprised.
Her answer was a smiling nod.
“I see,” the prince said. “Well, I don’t mind, but it’s up to the princess,” he turned to look at me. “Would that be something you’d like to do?”
I didn’t reply right away. To be honest, I didn’t know if it was something I wanted to do or was okay with. I didn’t know the princess in question. I didn’t know if she was nice or if she would be like the queen or whatever. But then again, it sounded like she was nice enough to ask to see me so that she could give me my wedding gift.
Or just wants you there to humiliate you, a voice in my head suggested. I shrugged it off at Janna’s pleading look and replied, “Yeah, sure, why not?” and something told me that the prince wasn’t really that happy about me going away.
“Yay!” Janna squealed half-heartedly and said that Princess Rosanna would be very happy to see me.
I just smiled, and didn’t say anything.
“Mona,” Janna called, bringing Mona to the living room where we were seated within two seconds from the moment she’d said her name.
“Yes, Princess Janna?” Mona replied.
“Please, prepare Princess Marie the brown blouse with roses on the bottom, and blue jeans,” she said, and Mona frowned.
“Um, brown?” she asked.
“Yes, Mona, brown. Don’t you know where it is?” Janna asked with a frown of her own.
“Uh, I’m sure I can find it, Princess. I’ll be right back,” Mona said and disappeared through one of the secret doors.
“I hope you don’t mind me picking something for you to wear, Marie.”
“Um, no. It’s alright. You picked out all of my clothes anyway, right?” I smiled, and she returned it with a small one.
“Janna,” the prince got her attention with a call of her name, “How are you feeling today?”
“I’m okay,” was her instant reply, but she didn’t sound or look like it.
The prince nodded slowly, he was not very convinced by her reply either. I could tell.
“I still need to see you before you have to leave,” he told her.
The prince and his sister held each other’s gaze for a moment too long, before Janna nodded with yet another fake smile and a, “Yes, of course.”
Before I could wonder what that was all about, Mona chose that moment to come back, looking frustrated and not very happy, more likely annoyed, even.
“I apologize, Princess Janna, but I can’t find any brown blouse with roses on the bottom,” she said.
Janna sighed dramatically–which made me frown–and got up. “I’ll have to get it myself, then. C’mon Marie,” she said and walked to the secret door Mona had just come from before I could reply.
When I looked at the prince, he just smiled a small smile and shrugged as if telling me silently ‘That’s Janna for you,’ and the look in his eyes made me smile with my own. I then got up and followed them into the closet.
Inside, Janna went for a line of shirts and blouses, picking up one with short sleeves and roses at the bottom, just like she’d described. But it was actually dark red, not brown.
I thought it was strange, I couldn’t understand how Janna would confuse dark red with brown. I mean, it was pretty obvious that Janna had a very keen sense when it came to fashion–everything around me was huge proof of that: the furniture, the decorations, all of the clothes. It was really confusing how could she confuse the colors.
“Um, that’s not brown, Princess,” Mona commented.
“Ah! Yeah, my mistake, I guess it slipped my mind,” Janna said, shrugging, and Mona just smiled. “What do you think, Marie? Do you like it?”
“Yeah, it’s nice. Thanks,” I replied, and at my answer Mona reached for the blouse to take it from Janna’s hand, but Janna moved it out of her reach, objecting.
“I’ll help Princess Marie dress, why don’t you go bring us something to drink, please?”
“Yes, of course. Anything you’d prefer, Princesses?”
“Anything would be fine, thank you,” I said.
“Surprise us,” Janna grinned, despite the sadness that I could easily see in her eyes.
“I’ll be right back.”
Once Mona had left the closet, Janna’s face cleared of any grin or smile; she turned from her cheerful mood into a serious one in the blink of an eye. The next thing I knew she was pulling me by the hand to the furthest corner of the closet and then standing in front of me, as close as she could get.
“Marie, listen to me carefully,” she started and for some reason, my heart started thumping rapidly in my chest just hearing those five words, “We won’t be going to see Rosanna. I’ve prepared everything for you to get you to the US by morning.”
Her words took a second to settle in. My mind couldn’t comprehend it right away. But then, when I finally did understand her words, I couldn’t help the joy and the relief that consumed my heart at the sound of them.
“Oh, my God!” I gushed. “Are you serious?”
“Shhhh!” Janna hushed me, looking behind her where the closed door was. “Yes, I’m serious, if everything goes as planned, you’ll be on the jet that will get you to the States within two hours. If not–” she paused, “I don’t even want to think about it.”
Huh!
“Two hours from now? That soon?” It was really beyond my expectations that Janna would find me the way out, just twenty-four hours after I’d told her I craved one. I thought it’d take months or at least weeks, but one day? Yes, I wasn’t hardly able to believe it myself, as all of the relief and excitement to be back in my own country again filled my heart and mind.
“Today is the perfect day. I’ve planned everything, don’t worry about it,” she assured me. “You’re getting on the jet that’s supposed to take me to the US. You’ll be wearing a niqab–” at the frown on my face she explained, “A face cover.” Oh! “So anyone who sees you will think you are me. We just need to be very smart about everything we do starting now, and a hell lot of luck.”
Head spinning and heartbeats speeding up. “I’ll go back to my country?” Disbelief laced my voice.
“Yes, Marie, you will,” Janna smiled reassuringly, her eyes gray with all of the troubles that were filling them. She reached for my hand, squeezing it, as if to emphasize the security her words wanted me to feel.
I nodded, paused for a second or two while looking at the floor, and when I looked up at her again, I had to ask, “What about Joseph?”
Her smile was gone the second his name left my mouth, and her eyes shone with what I knew to be unshed tears–it was such a sad sight to watch. “Yoseph made it to New York hours ago, Marie,” she replied.
My throat tightened and I had to swallow a few times. “He did?” came my whispered question.
He left?
He left me?
“Yes, he did. He went in your private jet. I was supposed to go with him, but I told him I needed a day by myself and that I’d be right behind him. It wasn’t an easy task–my step-mother and all–but...I managed.”
He left…
That jet was still in the airport for me. It was supposed to take me back home three days after the wedding like I had planned from the start. I wanted to correct her, but I couldn’t find the heart to do so. My heart was too hurt by the fact that my brother actually did leave me in the kingdom, despite everything.
I slowly nodded, finding it unnecessary to keep obsessing over the broken, hurt side. It wouldn’t be right to dwell on the fact that my brother was a complete jerk now. It was not wise. I had far more important things to think about. Things that needed my full attention and needed it now.
“Okay,” I said, more quietly than I would’ve liked. “I guess I have to dress quickly.”
“Yes,” Janna said. “But I need you to stay calm. Don’t let anyone sense that something is going on. You’ll have to contain yourself very well in front of Mazen: he’s too smart and will notice if anything seems off.”
Mazen…
The tightening in my throat got a companion in the ache in my heart when I heard his name. The realization of what would happen when I leave the kingdom–the fact that I’d be leaving him as well–hit me hard on the chest and started hurting everywhere I could ever feel the hurt.
Maybe my thoughts had affected my looks, maybe my face changed, or my expression told of the worry and odd feelings that decided to visit me when I was finally aware that I’d be leaving the prince for good in just a short time, possibly a little over an hour, because Janna asked, “Hey, are you okay?”
I had to be okay. Of course I was okay. I was finally getting what I had wanted more than anything over the past few days. I was finally getting my freedom. Of course I was okay. So, I told her just that, “Yes. Yes, of course.”
Once again, Mona chose that moment to come in with two glasses of juice on a small tray in her hands, then she asked where we would like to drink them. Janna said she needed to go to ask her maid to bring her something I could wear over my clothes, and without further explanation, she was gone.
“Are you okay, Princess?” Mona asked, setting the tray on one of the three small tables that were placed in the corner I was standing near.
“Um, yeah, why wouldn’t I be?”
“You seem a little distant,” she said. “Is there anything you’d like for me to do or get for you?”
“No, no, I’m fine. I just need to get dressed.” I thought that if Mona was able to tell that something was off with me so easily, the prince would be able to tell even easier, and that wouldn’t be good. I had to get it together.
The prince…
The thought of getting out of here was more pleasant than I could ever say. Something I’d wanted from the very same second I’d stepped foot in this kingdom. Heck, I didn’t even want to be here in the first place. But now, thinking about what I’d be leaving behind–or to be clearer, who I was leaving behind–the thought just wasn’t as great as I’d thought it would be. Which was disgustingly crazy. I was being crazy. I knew I was.
Mona helped me out of the yellow dress, that I’d only worn to meet with Janna since ‘it wasn’t appropriate to meet her in the pajamas I’d been wearing,’ Mona had said, and then into the jeans and the dark red blouse.
When she brought me the shoes, I didn’t want to wear them, not after what had happened last night with the sandals I was wearing, and not after knowing that I’d be in a situation soon where broken stuff wouldn’t be much of a help. No matter that the shoes were designed to be worn inside or outside or how expensive they were, I just didn’t trust them anymore. I wanted my own.
“Do you happen to have the heels I wore on the night of the wedding?” I asked Mona.
“The silver ones?” she asked and I nodded. “Yes, do you want me to get them?”
“Yes, please,” I said, and it took her only two minutes to come back to me with the heels in her hands. I decided to wear them once I was finished with my hair, so I walked barefoot to one of the two dressers that were placed in the middle of the closet.
It was so foolish of me to question if I was doing the right thing by leaving like that. I mean, what the heck did I want more than this? Why was I having such strange feelings that made me doubt if what I was doing was the best thing for myself at this point? Why was I trying to cover worry and uncertainly, when what I should be trying to hide were my happiness and the joy and the excitement I should be feeling at the thought of leaving this place? Why?
I couldn’t understand myself.
“I’m surprised the queen agreed to breaking a rule so easily,” I thought with a loud voice.
“Queen Shams would go way too far to make her nieces happy,” Mona smiled. “But I’m also sure that Princess Janna was convincing enough to make her agree.”
Hmm!
“Princess Rosanna lives on the same floor, right?” I asked Mona.
“Yes, Princess. Though her wing is separated from yours completely.”
“Yeah, the prince told me,” I replied. “Why didn’t she come to the wedding?”
“Princess Rosanna is on bed rest as her doctor has ordered; she’s in the first trimester of her sixth pregnancy, and hardly ever leaves the bed,” Mona explained, moving the brush through my hair.
“Sixth pregnancy?” I asked in shock.
“Yes, the poor young lady has lost all of her unborn babies every time she’s gotten pregnant,” she replied in sorrow.
“Oh, God! That is horrible!” I commented.
“It is,” she said. “We all pray from our hearts for God to give them as many healthy children as they might desire one day.”
“Amen,” I found myself saying. I didn’t even think twice about it. My one-word comment earned me a warm smile from Mona, which she delivered to me through the dresser mirror’s reflection.
Another minute passed before I asked another question, “If she has a boy, will he be the heir of the king?” I wondered if she was already pregnant, wouldn’t that mean that the prince’s chances of becoming king were already blown? Maybe I wanted to believe that so I wouldn’t feel so guilty about him not marrying the right woman to help him take his place on his father’s throne, as he was supposed to.
“No, Princess. It’s only if–God forbid–the king dies before Prince Mazen has an heir of his own.”
Oh!
“What if neither of them has one?” The guilt banged in my heart once again–though it was very silly of me to even feel like that, I knew.
“Then the position will go to the king’s brother, Princess Rosanna’s father.”
Oh!
But–wait…
“I thought you said that she was the queen’s niece?”
“Yes, Princess, she’s both the queen and the king’s niece.”
“How is that even possible?”
“Simple, Princess, two brothers married two sisters. Actually, three brothers married three sisters if you count our former king, God rest his soul.”
“Oh! That’s Huda’s father, right?” I remembered her telling me that her aunt took the title from her mother after her father died and her uncle became the king.
“That’s correct, Princess.”
“Do those things happen a lot here? My head is spinning just thinking about it. I have no idea how you guys keep up with knowing who is related to whom,” I chuckled half-heartedly, mastering my plan in pretending that I was not freaking out from the inside and keeping the small talk going.
“You can’t even imagine,” she grinned, finishing my hair and commenting on how beautiful I looked. I politely thanked her and got up to put my heels on.
As silly as it was, the feeling I got once I put my feet in those heels was something very strange. I felt a sense of familiarity, which lead to the longing I had already been feeling for what seemed like too long. I was finally wearing something of my own, and it just reminded me of all of the things that had been taken away from me since the day I got here.
Mona then excused herself to bring me the clothes that Janna had said her maid would be bringing me, leaving me to my thoughts for a few minutes. I pretended to be adjusting my clothes over my body, not like the thoughts in my head were about to knock me over on the floor or anything.
She came back a few minutes later with black clothes folded in her hands. When I gave her a questioning look, pretending I didn’t know what was in there, she said that I had to cover up so that no one would know that the new bride was roaming around in the palace before the first week had passed. Or, that was what Janna had told her.
The abaya I wore wasn’t like the one I’d worn last night, this one was heavier. Much heavier, and much, much bigger–I was really drowning in it. Also, unlike the one from yesterday, it barely had any decorations on it, though it still looked nice. To a point. The face cover was not an easy thing to wear, or to keep on for that matter. It gave me a headache and it wasn’t comfortable at all: I couldn’t breathe normally, let alone stand the heat I felt in it just a minute after putting it on. When I complained to Mona, wondering how on earth they were able to keep this thing on for hours, she just smiled big and told me, “You get used to it,” as if it was the easiest thing in the whole world.
With a deep breath then a long sigh, I stepped out of the closet through the same door I’d entered, the one that led to the living room where the prince was.
He was standing by the wall, which the flat screen dominated, looking at what I figured was a collection of CDs. When he felt my presence, he glanced over his shoulder at me then to the CD in his hand, paused for a moment, and then turned his head to look at me again only to turn fully to be facing me.
His eyes narrowed and he cocked his head to the side, and when those narrowed eyes turned into shocked ones, I had to stifle a laugh at the expression on his face. Though he couldn’t see me, I knew he heard my soft snickers.
“Princess!” he said in surprise.
“Hey!” I smiled behind my niqab.
The prince walked over to where I was standing, and came close to me, stopping only when he was within touching distance. Or even closer.
I swallowed thickly.
His hands came up under my chin and near my chest where he took hold of the edges of the face cover with his fingertips and brought it up and over my head, just like a groom would do to his bride at their wedding with her veil.
My smile grew at the look in his eyes as he studied my face, and my heart ached some more, realizing that this could be the very last time I would ever see this loving look. The very last time I ever get to see those kind eyes. The very last time I see this beautiful smile.
“Wow! You look absolutely stunning, Princess,” he said in genuine awe, and I felt as if the tears I was choking with were going to fall so soon. “Let me guess, Janna’s idea?” he asked and I just smiled. I was glad when Mona interrupted us with her, ‘‘I’m ready,” seeing that she was now dressed all in black, as well.
“I should go,” I said when I turned to look back at him, my voice shaking slightly.
“Are you alright?” the prince asked in a whisper, stepping even closer to me. His hand touched my cheek tenderly, and without any effort from me, my eyes closed and my head leaned into his touch.
“Yeah,” I said when I’d composed myself the slightest bit, smiling a small smile.
“You don’t have to go if you don’t want to, you know that, right?” he asked with now concerned eyes.
Oh, I wanted to go. But I still didn’t…
I nodded my answer, then asked, “Will you be okay?” as if he needed me to keep him okay or something. The truth was, I wanted to hear that he would be okay, just to please something inside of me. The ‘something’ that told me I could be hurting him by doing this.
The prince chuckled lightly. “Yeah, I’ll watch a movie or something to keep me company until you get back.” The big smile never left his beautiful face.
But I’m not coming back…
“Okay. Good,” was all I said, before turning to take a few steps towards where Mona was standing.
My steps were heavy, my heart was heavier, and I couldn’t understand why I was finding it so hard to get out of that living room. I should be running out of it like a bat out of hell or whatever. Why was I being like that?
My legs stopped in their tracks on their own, and out of nowhere, I found myself running back to the prince and standing in front of him just like I’d been before, or maybe closer. I answered his questioning look about my actions by pressing my lips to his, kissing him with everything in me that screamed at me to do it before I’ve lost it forever, because everything in me knew, that if I didn’t do just that right now, I’d wonder for the rest of my life why I didn’t, or how that very kiss–that I was kissing completely, willingly, and absolutely eagerly–would’ve felt.
His lips were hesitant for less than a moment before they started kissing mine with just as much passion as I was kissing him. His hand moved to hold me around my waist, hugging me to his body; my own hands did the same as they surrounded his neck, bringing him even closer to me–if it was possible–tangling my fingers in the soft, so very soft hairs on the back of his head.
I got to taste him when he deepened our kiss, got to feel his need for me when he pressed me tighter to his body, and got to hear his soft moan when I pulled his lip into my mouth.
One last time, I got to taste him. One last time, I got to feel him. One last time, I got to hear him. One last time.
When our kiss ended, there was a tear on the side of my face. The prince brushed it away with his thumb, then kissed my cheek right where the tear had lived just a second ago, whispering to me with his smiling lips, “We will talk when you come back, Beautiful Princess.”
I smiled with all of the power I could manage to force my lips, that were aching to touch his again, and then joined Mona by the door, who–by the way–was looking down at the floor and blushing deeply like a schoolgirl who’d just met her first crush. If I had it in me, I would’ve chuckled at how our kiss had made her look, so shy and almost embarrassed.
What I did, though, was touch my cross and hold it over my chest, closing my eyes as I stood still there for a minute.
Dear God! Please, give me the strength to do what I’m about to do. And keep me safe. Amen. I prayed, took another deep breath and then stepped out the room. Out of the wing.
Here goes nothing.


Heart: heavy.
Head: light.
Heavy-hearted and lightheaded, I took one step after another away from the wing. I walked away from it. From the prince. A stinging feeling living in my chest. Stinging. Paining. Confusing.
I couldn’t help the feeling of pain inside of me as I made my way farther away from the wing, with Mona beside me. But I made sure to not think about all of the confusion I was cursed with at that moment, until a later time. Because right then, it would’ve been the stupidest thing, for me to ignore everything going on and what I had just started doing, and instead start thinking about how–or why–I was having these strange and unwelcome feelings caused by the thought of my escape to freedom.
Heart. Head. Both hurt. Badly.
“This way, Princess,” Mona said, and I followed her, only learning that I was still in the wing when I saw a great wooden door at the end of the lobby we were walking in. Standing beside it was a woman in black that was just another version of me; the same black clothes with almost the very same height and form. If not for the fact that her face wasn’t covered, I wouldn’t have known that she was Janna.
A smile was drawn on Janna’s face when we approached: a fake one that I’d seen so many times by now it wasn’t even funny. A huge part of me hated to see how much effort it was taking her to show that she was alright. She seriously wasn’t. She was too sad. It was upsetting.
“Ah! Finally!” she said with her fake smile plastered on her lips. “Are you ready to meet your other sister-in-law, Marie?” The look in her eyes as she gazed at mine didn’t give anything away–other than what I’d already known–so to Mona, I knew everything looked normal.
All I managed in reply was a simple nod; speaking seemed so hard and I just couldn’t find it in me to do it.
“Great!” Janna said cheerfully. “We have to go right now so we get to spend some time with her before I have to go; I’m already running so late.” She shook her head in sorrow to emphasize how upset she was over being late, and then she reached over her head for her niqap and brought it down to cover her face, Mona following her covering her own.
I nodded again, doing the same as both of them, swallowing thickly when Mona reached for the door. This was it.
“How about Sana, Princess?” Mona asked Janna. “Is she already there in Princess Rosanna’s wing?”
Because of the lack of title before ‘Sana’s’ name, I knew she was Janna’s maid, but then I got a bit confused when I remembered them saying her name was ‘Nora’ when she came yesterday to help Mona clean the closet where Janna had thrown up, but then I didn’t think so much about it–I had enough to think and worry about at that moment.
I could’ve sworn, that through Janna’s niqab and while watching the only part that showed–her eyes–that she was happy Mona had asked that question, but I wasn’t so sure if I was right.
“No, she isn’t,” Janna sounded annoyed. “She’s too busy packing the rest of my things,” and then she paused. “Hey, I have an idea, why don’t you go help her with that, Mona? I’d really appreciate it. I’m afraid she won’t get done in time, but with your help, I know she would.”
“Uh, I–um, it’d be my pleasure, Princess,” Mona said, “But Princess Marie has all the say in this.”
“I’m sure Princess Marie wouldn’t mind,” she told her, then turned to ask me, “Would you?”
“Of course not,” I said, sounding more nervous than I’d liked for my voice to be. When Mona didn’t move, I realized she was waiting for me to speak my command, “Go help with the packing, please.”
 A long moment passed before Mona responded with a “Yes, Princess” then left after a nod of her head to me and then to Janna, using a secret door that was behind us. Though I couldn’t see her face, I was sure Mona didn’t like the idea of leaving me, and a part of me wondered if it was the prince’s orders, or it was just a tradition or whatever. Something inside of me wanted to think it was really the prince’s order, and that he’d only asked for it to make sure that I’d be okay. Another thing told me with a voice loud enough for me to hear it and believe that I was being stupid, so stupid. Because if the prince had really asked her that, it would only be for him to make sure I didn’t go anywhere–of course it was only that, nothing more.
Once Mona left the room, I opened my mouth and was only able to get a low “What–” out before Janna stopped me from finishing my question by raising her hand in front of her, the inside of her hand toward my face in a ‘Stop’ motion. Then she tapped her finger to her ear a couple of times before pointing to where Mona had just left. I listened closely for a few moments until I heard the faint sound of yet another door being closed, which drew a sigh of relief from Janna’s mouth.
“We’re leaving now,” she whispered. “This door leads to the space between your and Rosanna’s wing. There are elevators, but we will use the stairs to avoid being under the cameras for too long. We’ll use one of the back doors to the palace, and a car is already waiting for you there. The driver believes it’s me he’s taking to the airport, so all you have to do is get in the car and he’ll drive you there without a word–you don’t have to speak at all. You can’t speak at all, or everything will be blown. If anyone on the way from the back door to the car, or from the car to the jet speaks to you, you don’t reply at all, you just silence them the same way I silenced you right now.” She raised her hand again like she just had a minute ago to make sure I knew what she was talking about before she continued, “Then you move on, don’t even glance their way. They’ll think you’re not interested, or don’t have the time, and they will respect that and do as the daughter of the king has ordered.”
I swallowed thickly, inhaling and exhaling in short breaths as I had held my breath all the while I listened very carefully to Janna as she told me her plan. Said plan sounded okay, and could very well work. But it was just that–’Okay’. I was so worried I would get caught, and I had no idea what would happen to me if I got caught. But then again, it was my only chance to go back home, and I just had to take it, even if the chance of succeeding wasn’t so big. I had to.
“But...what about when I’m on the plane? Will I have to stay silent for the whole trip?” I couldn’t imagine how that would be: the trip lasted a bit longer than half a day–would I even get to take off my niqab? I was hardly able to breathe in it already.
Janna shook her head. “Marie, dear, do you really think that you’ll be away from the palace for sixteen hours before someone realizes you’re missing?”
I gaped at her, saying nothing.
“We’ll be lucky if an hour passes before your absence is noticed, and my hope is that by then, you’ll be on that jet on your way to your country, when it’ll too late to get you back.”
Dear God!
“Only an hour?” I asked in shock.
“If we’re lucky, that’s how long it will take Mona to be finished with my bags. The first thing she’ll do after that is go to Rosanna’s wing–where she won’t find you–and then she’ll run to tell Mazen.”
Mazen …
What will he do then?
How will he react?
Heart. Head. Both ached. Hard.
“But...he could do something to get me back, right? He could easily send an order to the pilot.” My heart burned with the tears that were trapped in my eyes and strangling my throat.
“He could,” Janna said to my surprise and shock, “but he won’t.”
“He won’t?” The fact that she thought he wouldn’t do it was even more surprising than the fact that she knew he could do it in the first place but somehow wouldn’t do it.
“No, Marie.” Her voice dropped to the saddest tone you could ever hear, and her gaze went somewhere I couldn’t point at. “He will be busy doing something else. I’ll make sure that he will be kept busy long enough to get you home.”
Though I was dying to know what could keep the prince busy enough to not stop someone from doing something he didn’t like or without his permission, I didn’t ask what that could be. I was so scared that Janna wouldn’t be convincing enough, and that would make my doubts about her plan ever working fill me even more than they already were. I just wanted to believe, just wanted to leave.
“Okay,” I let out a long breath then nodded.
“Hide those blue eyes, please,” Janna told me, and said blue eyes widened. I didn’t even think about that! Not to mention I didn’t even know how to hide them! But when I told Janna that, she brought another layer from above my head that was much thinner and see-through, pulling it down to cover the niqap entirely.
Great, I couldn’t breathe properly and now I couldn’t see either. Just brilliant!
“Are you ready?” she asked, and I gazed for a long time into those miserable eyes of hers before I nodded once again with a “Yes,” to confirm my approval.
Janna reached for the door and opened it just the slightest bit before I pushed it back closed, breathing harder than before as the feeling of an approaching panic attack started to make its way to my heart.
“What?” Janna’s shocked voice asked, her eyes widening at my act.
My hand reached for my clothes-covered cross and I gripped it. “Guards,” I gasped out, “Guards everywhere, lots of them.”
I heard Janna huffing, “Seriously, Marie? Guards? Of course there are guards out there–this is the king’s palace we are standing in!”
God! Oh, God!
“B-but how will we leave? They are right outside!” I whisper-yelled.
“They won’t even glance our way, Marie; they’ve been ordered to lower their gazes in the presence of women. It’s the female guards I’m worried about, to be honest.”
“There are female guards, too?” I almost yelled the question.
“Of course, there are! But I have a plan for them, don’t worry,” she reassured me, but I needed to ask, “What plan?”
Janna sighed again. “We’ve had several of my cousins sleeping over since the wedding. I’ll talk to the female guards so they know it’s me going to the airport, and they’ll think you’re one of my cousins who will come back once I’m–you’re–in the car safely. I’ll use another door to go inside again. They, too, will think I’m one of the princesses in the palace since the first ones will report to them that one princess will go back inside the palace in a few minutes.”
The heck if I knew what she was mumbling about! I was even more confused, and I guess my eyes that were still staring at her, unmoving, told her so.
“It’ll be okay,” she assured me again. “Just act bored when I speak to them.”
“But, won’t you have anyone escorting you to the airport?” I asked, because I couldn’t understand how they would let a princess who was about to leave the country do so by herself–all alone.
“Listen, there was a ceremony last night in honor of Yoseph and myself departing to the States. Nora–my maid–was there instead of me, as I’d requested of my family since I wasn’t feeling well. The queen was okay with it as long as, to the public, our image was the same–the new bride leaving with her husband–and it went well, no one doubted anything. Very few people in the palace know the truth that I will be leaving tonight instead; since it’s secretive, they won’t question why I’m leaving an hour earlier, and they’ll think the rest of my bags will be sent later.”
My head was spinning – God knows that half of what she was saying I couldn’t understand, but it sounded like she had everything under control. Still – I only stared, no words.
“Speaking of early, we are running out of time. The ride to the airport will take fifteen minutes maximum, so we need to move it now.” Janna reached for the door to open it again, but she paused for a second. The next thing I knew, Janna was hugging me tightly and telling me that I would be fine–maybe she felt how much I was shaking. Then she opened the door and looked at me. “Head held high, Ameera,” she told me, and for some reason, what I wanted the most in that moment was to see her expression, or maybe take a final look at her face: the girl that had brought me here, and to all of this, the same one who was helping me out of it.
I took a deep breath and did as I was told, despite everything in me that wanted to just curl into a ball and cry over how scared I was. I walked out of the wing and to the stairs right under the guards’ noses, the same guards that, true to Janna’s word, looked down at the floor once they saw us come out of the wing, keeping their gazes down until we’d passed through.
The minute that we spent in the female guards’ presence was the hardest. They looked friendly with Janna, their voices had a smiling tone, but I couldn’t tell if they were really smiling or not, since they were completely covered from head to toe in black, aside from the bandage on their left arms. It was green with some kind of logo on it, something that declared their status as female guards, I assumed. For a moment, I wondered how on earth they would be able to do anything with those clothes on, but I didn’t find it in me to question it in my head any further.
I breathed a sigh of half-relief when we were finally away from them. A limousine was waiting just outside the door. I was even surprised that one of the guards was standing there beside the car and holding the door open. I wondered if the female guards had reported that Janna was coming out of the palace, or if he was just standing there an hour early–I really had no idea.
Janna said her goodbye to me with just another tight hug and a long shadowed look, only breaking her gaze when the car moved away, with the same guard that had held the door open now driving.
A few minutes and too many guards later, the palace was finally out of sight. A small smile wanted to creep to my lips and make itself comfortable there, but that ache in my heart prevented it from emerging. I just relaxed my back against the seat, though every single inch of my body was as tense as ever.
Minutes passed, and I could see through the glass that kind-of-familiar road I’d come from just five days ago, only one day before the wedding: the road to the airport.
Relief started to make its way to my heart, for I knew the hardest part was almost over. I just had to get to that jet and get on it, and then I wouldn’t speak until later, when we would be in the air already and as far away as I could get from the kingdom. But sadly, my dreams simply crashed when our car was stopped by another car. A BMW kept cutting us off to make the limousine stop, until finally the driver had to pull over so as not to cause us to crash.
For a moment, I thought that the person who would step out of the BMW would be the prince coming to drag me back to the palace, but I was mistaken. It was not the prince, but a guy in his late thirties or early forties with pitch black hair, a thick black beard and light-colored eyes. I couldn’t tell if they were blue or green since the glass was making most of the things outside of the limousine appear gray.
The guy barked something at the driver and a small conversation went back and forth between them. All I could understand from it was that the guy was angry and the driver was scared.
I gripped my cross and prayed silently, because it didn’t seem like it was going to go well from that point on.


The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want.
He maketh me to lie down in green pastures: he leadeth me beside the still waters.
He restoreth my soul: he leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for his name’s sake.
Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me.
Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies: thou anointest my head with oil; my cup runneth over.
Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life: and I will dwell in the house of the Lord for ever.
The driver hopped out of the car, and fear made a home in my heart, growing even bigger when the door to my right was opened by the very same guy who’d stopped the car.
I gripped my cross with both of my hands from above my clothes, holding it even tighter than just a moment ago, my prayers ringing in the back of my head, and panic throbbing inside of my heart. My tears were choking me and burning my eyes, but the fright that was consuming me was too massive to allow them to really fall to my cheeks. The anxiety of not knowing what would happen was almost enough to knock me out cold. Almost enough. But not really.
My first thought, after seeing that he wasn’t the prince, was imagining that Janna had set me up. I couldn’t think of any other way someone could follow me or know of my escape so fast, but the smile I saw on his devilish features, followed by ‘Janna’ while he looked at my frightened and hidden form told me that that wasn’t the case.
He thought I was Janna.
The fact that he didn’t use her ‘Ameera’ title before her name added to the fact that he’d ordered the driver, who was also a guard, to stop then leave the limousine told me that he was royal. My thoughts turned to thinking that he might be her other brother, wanting to say a final goodbye to his sister before she left the kingdom for God only knows how long. Just because I was the luckiest girl on earth.
Oh, God! What do I do?
But then I remembered that her other brother was just a few months younger than the prince, which made him only twenty-three, and the bearded guy looked much older than thirty–it couldn’t be him.
Wondering who this guy was drove me so crazy that I wanted to scream. I was so scared, confused and plain terrified.
He spoke to me. A lot. I knew that if he paid just the tiniest bit of attention, he’d know I was shaking with fear. His words sounded like questions, but I didn’t understand more than that, and of course I couldn’t speak, couldn’t utter a word. And that made the situation even worse.
It was only when he stuck a foot inside the car that I couldn’t take it anymore. I knew there was no way out of this for me, but I wasn’t going down without a fight. I opened the door to my left and hopped out of the car.
He restoreth my soul: He guideth me in the paths of righteousness for his name’s sake.
I thought that maybe I’d find a car passing by that I could get into, or maybe even find the BMW with the keys inside. Maybe I could drive it and flee, or maybe the stupid driver might even take me away from this guy. I didn’t know. I just wanted to be away from him and that was it.
Four steps. Four steps were all I managed to take with my unhelpful heels before I felt a hand gripping my arm tightly and pulling me to a stop. More words in Arabic, some yelled, some questioning, and when I saw his eyes narrowing, I knew he’d gotten the idea of me not being Janna.
The bearded guy’s head tilted to the side, his hand still gripping my arm and his eyes still narrowed, looking at me closely as if trying to figure out the mystery of who I was. I watched in terror as his eyes wandered over my body, from my head to my hand that was still pressed tightly to my chest and over my cross, and down to my feet. There, his eyes lit up, the frown on his forehead cleared, and the devilish smile returned to his lips when his eyes found mine. I wondered for a moment if the blue of them was showing through the material that was hiding them.
His grip on my arm grew tighter and I almost winced in pain. Though I knew there was a huge chance that I was already busted, I still wouldn’t dare to utter a thing, not even a loud breath; my gasps, though, were out of my hands, I couldn’t control those.
He mumbled a few more words in Arabic, and I could’ve sworn that my blood not only ran cold, but froze when he came even closer to me, so that our faces were almost touching–despite my efforts to move mine away from him–and then voiced the word “Speak!” in the most terrifying voice I’ve ever heard.
My tears chose that moment to come loose. I cried, scared and horrified, now knowing that I was truly busted, because that guy had just spoken in English–meaning he knew who I was, though I had no idea how he was able to tell it was me.
The next thing I knew, my face cover was being yanked away from my face and the air hit my flushed cheeks, where the tears had wet enough to tell exactly how terrified I was.
“Well, well, well!” he said, and my throat closed, making it harder to breathe. “What do we have here?” His accent was thicker than a drunken alien just visiting Earth for the first time. “Isn’t this the bride of Prince Mazen?” It wasn’t actually a question; he already knew the answer, there was no doubt of that.
I just stared at him with my frightened eyes. Even now, knowing my cover was blown and I could finally speak, I didn’t know what to say.
“What are you doing here?” he asked, and I still didn’t know what to say–because...seriously? What was there to say?
Apparently, my silence didn’t please him all that much because his grip on my arm tightened, and I did wince this time. With his mouth almost pressed to my ear he spoke aloud, “Speak, woman!” The disgusting stench of his breath was bad enough to make me gag, and that was met by him shoving my arm a bit so that I almost lost my balance and fell, but his grip on my arm prevented that from happening.
Why he was treating me this way was beyond me. I couldn’t understand his reasoning, even after he realized I was the prince’s bride. But I thought that he might have figured out that I was escaping; this was the way that led to the airport anyway, and it’d only been four days since the wedding–of course he could smell that something big was off. If he could smell anything through his nasty, stinking breath, that is.
I was brought back from my thoughts, to what was going on, by the guy gripping me as he walked me toward that BMW of his, saying, “You shouldn’t be here, don’t you think? I’m taking you back to the palace. I believe the king would like to know why you were here and not there.” It was only then that I found my voice and the courage to let it be heard, or maybe it was fear speaking–either way, I just spoke frantically.
“No, no, no! Please, don’t take me back to the palace. Please, don’t!” I tried pulling my arm away from the deathly grip he had on it, but it was no use. He was really strong and I had no power over him. However, my words made him stop dragging me and turn to look at me with questioning eyes.
“And why is that?”
I swallowed thickly. It was on the tip of my tongue to tell him everything about how I’d come here and what had happened next, but something stopped me. I guess it was my fear that it might cause some harm to Janna. I didn’t know who this guy was yet, or if information like that could put Janna in danger, so I didn’t tell him. I just used the only tactic I could think of so fast.
“Listen, I have money. Lots of it. I’ll give you anything you wish for, any amount. Just please don’t take me there, please!”
It was the first time I ever got to hear what Satan’s laugh would sound like, because it couldn’t be any more evil-sounding than this guy’s laugh. His laugh, that sounded as if it came straight from his heart–if he had one–was the response to my offer.
“I’m not interested in your money, you witch,” he said, and my eyes widened. “I’m only interested in knowing what you are doing here with those last year’s Jimmy Choos of yours, and why you don’t want to go back!”
A new round of tears made it out of my eyes at the sound of his words, now knowing that money wouldn’t help, and that this guy would drag me back to the palace no matter what.
Lord, give me the strength.
The next minute, I was sitting in his car, knowing full well that trying to run again wouldn’t do me any good: I’d just get manhandled and shoved around some more.
The fear of the unknown, and my mind wondering what would happen to me now, or what would happen to Janna, were so heavy that all I wanted to do was to scream my head off. The idea of throwing myself out of the car sounded so nice, compared to the thoughts and the pictures I imagined of what was to come my way when I got there.
When I was able to see the palace again from the passenger seat, my knees started shaking and my lips started trembling–to the point I thought I wouldn’t be able to walk one step or voice one word if I had to.
I couldn’t believe that I was already back at the palace when the car stopped right outside one of the doors that lead inside. I had been gone no longer than half an hour, if not far less. I couldn’t believe I was brought back that easily. Very easily and too fast.
Yea, thou I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil; for thou art with me; Thy rod and thy staff, they comfort me.
Arabic. Arabic. Arabic everywhere around me. I couldn’t understand anything. It wasn’t as frustrating as it was scary. The fact that I didn’t know what the guy was saying to the others was very scary. They were giving me strange looks, shocked and disbelieving ones. It was too scary– I was scared out of my skin.
Give me, give me the strength.
The familiar smell of the palace, the heavy scent of ambergris and sandalwood reminded me of all of the nice times I’d had inside this place rather than the terrifying moments, and I found myself regretting what had happened. My regret caused more confusion between me and myself; I couldn’t even understand what I was thinking now, or what I’d been thinking then. I just thought that maybe if I hadn’t gone along with Janna’s plan, things wouldn’t have been this way. I wouldn’t be this terrified, breaking into a cold sweat, shaking and being gripped, pulled and shoved constantly while getting odd looks from all of the guards around me–the same ones who were ordered not to look at women or whatever. But something in me told me they wanted to help, as if they wanted to stop him, but couldn’t. I felt as if they were scared of him, and to be honest, I didn’t blame them. He was pure evil to me, and I didn’t even know his name or know him longer than a few minutes.
A great wooden door was at the end of a huge lobby that I was being dragged to, and there were even more guards on both sides than any other spot I’d seen in the palace. It lead me to think that, true to his word, he was taking me to the king.
He didn’t wait for permission to open that great door. He just shoved one of the guards away with his free hand then kicked the door wide open.
Inside, it was a great room, an atrium maybe or something bigger. The way it was decorated and the open and huge spaces told me that I was indeed in the king’s living quarters, whether it was his wing or whatever they called where he lived inside the palace. Another long lobby led to another door, that the guy kicked open yet again, and I found myself standing inside a bedroom.
There were lots of women, or maybe just girls, who ran away from their spots the second they saw us entering. Then they took the scarves that were on their shoulders and put them over their heads and faces like a huge veil. You couldn’t see any part of them anymore other than their hands, and their dresses, similar to the ones I’d worn around the wing the past few days. They moved to stand on the side once they were covered.
The huge bed that dominated a big part of the room had a half-seated man on it, and beside him was one of the only two women who didn’t move an inch when we entered the room. It was a girl no older than twenty, or maybe she was my age, I couldn’t tell. She had pitch black long hair that sat behind her on the bed and covered all of her back like a thick curtain. Her eyes were a light green that looked oddly familiar, and her beauty was mesmerizing to the point I wondered if she could be an angel and not a human, especially with how bright her skin seemed to be, almost glowing.
Standing beside the bed was a woman I knew so well and yet knew nothing about: the queen. The look in her eyes was so intense, I felt as if it was going to knock me onto my back. I couldn’t read her all that well, but it was easy to see she was shocked at the sight in front of her.
Arabic, Arabic, and more Arabic. The need to scream was too strong. I didn’t know what they were saying. Was it good? Of course not. Was it bad? Seemed more like it. Were they discussing how to kill me? Or were they talking about ways to torture me first? I couldn’t stop wondering. Janna had told me that she didn’t even want to think about what would happen if the plan didn’t work, and I cursed myself for not asking her what would happen. For then, I would’ve at least known my destiny or what was to happen to me. But no, I didn’t know anything. I just stood there, waiting, listening, shaking.
The man on the bed, whom I knew to be the king, gripped his chest hard at the words from the guy gripping my arm, and it seemed like he was struggling with his breaths. The queen ran beside him and the girl started patting his back tenderly. When she looked at the guy beside me, I swear I saw the grin filling his eyes rather than his lips, as if he was pleased with the fact that his words had affected the king that way.
As they were busy with the king, the guy was busy giving me a look that clearly said “Gotcha!” Simply something disgusting and evil, just like him; I had no idea if that creature could be considered a human being at all. The look the queen gave me, though, was even sharper, and this time it spoke only of one thing: “You’ll pay!”
Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies: Thou hast anointed my head with oil; My cup runneth over.
Our gaze was broken the second I heard a voice coming from behind me, “Get your hands off her. Now!” The voice didn’t belong to anyone I knew, and I didn’t know if I should look behind me or not, I was too scared to even do that. For some reason, I noticed the girl getting out of bed and moving to the side with the rest of women after she put her scarf, that was around her shoulders, over her head to cover her face like the others.
“Jasem! Get your hands off her!” His voice was so stern, so strong and powerful that I couldn’t imagine anyone saying no to that voice, out of fear rather than anything else.
He did let go of my arm, and I winced as the blood started to flow back to where he’d been blocking it with his tight grip. The guy–Jasem, as he was called–spoke in Arabic for a second but he was silenced by the other man right away. He was standing between Jasem and me and kind of shielding me protectively with his body, though not even touching me. It was only then that I got to see his face, a younger version of the king with a short black beard and dark brown eyes, his hair hidden by the white thing men wore around here, his features telling me who he was right away without anyone addressing him by name.
“We only speak in English in the presence of Princess Marie–the future queen. Those are Prince Mazen–the future king’s orders.”
Mazen!
Surely goodness and loving kindness shall follow me all the days of my life; And I shall dwell in the house of the Lord for ever.


The hurt in my chest, the pain inside of me, and the heartache started burning again at the mention of his name. Though I doubted that any of those feelings had stopped for one second since the minute I’d left the wing–or even before that. I was trying to ignore it for just a few minutes until I could get on that plane, but sadly, I didn’t even get near the airport–not near enough, anyway.
“And there won’t be anything discussed without his presence,” the man, whom I knew to be Prince Fahd, continued.
“Fine,” the queen said, even though there was venom lacing her voice, as if it was not very agreeable to her to do so. “And where is he?” she asked with a raised eyebrow.
“He’s busy right now, but he will be with us shortly when he takes care of the matter at hand.” he replied sternly, without missing a beat. Though there were no orders in his words, they still sounded commanding, just like his brother when speaking to someone who…wasn’t me.
The ache. That ache in my heart…it burned even more. He was always so nice and very kind to me. No matter what happened, he was always so caring and very understanding. He was always so patient with me, and took everything I gave him with arms wide open. But now…now I doubted he would still be the Prince Charming he’d been since the day I met him. After all, I just broke a huge rule and–I lied to him. Big time. He wouldn’t be very tender anymore, I just knew it.
God! What did I do?
A tear fell down my face when I fully realized what my life would be like now. I was okay. Not very okay, but still. At least I could’ve lived the time I was supposed to stay here peacefully. Now? I’d blown it all by myself. They might kill me.
“He will be busy doing something else. I’ll make sure that he will be kept busy long enough to get you home.”
Janna’s words rang in my ears, the same words that I’d wondered about when she first spoke them just a little more than an hour ago but didn’t question what they meant. And now Prince Fahd was saying that he was busy taking care of something? What could it be?
Oh, my God! What if he was punishing Janna for helping me escape? Oh, God! It couldn’t be. It’d kill me if I was the reason for her punishment. And I didn’t even know what kind of punishment that would be.
But would he really punish his sister? He loved her so much. I really didn’t know if he would; I only knew that their rules were so important to them that they do kill for them.
Kill! No! Please, not that. Anything but that! Lord! Have mercy on us. Please!
“Now if you’ll excuse us,” Prince Fahd said, “I’ll be taking Princess Marie to a more decent room, if you’d allow me, Your Majesty.”
The queen still didn’t look very pleased, but the king nodded, waving us away.
To be honest, I didn’t know how I felt about leaving with Prince Fahd. I didn’t know him, and I started thinking that maybe he would take me somewhere I didn’t like. But then I thought that anywhere far from the queen or that monster called Jasem wouldn’t be as bad, not at all. So, I just followed him when he motioned with his hand, “This way, Princess.” Prince Fahd took me back through the door, where I’d first entered the room, and then to yet another long anteroom, then opened a door that lead into a great living room.
“Prince Mazen will come to escort you back to where things will be discussed, Princess. You can wait in here, no one is going to bother you, you have my word,” he assured me with a kind voice, yet avoiding eye contact with me–I had no idea why.
I only nodded, not even knowing if he could see it or not, but when he turned to move, I knew he had. I wanted to thank him, but somehow ‘Thank you for saving me from that monster, and also for Hope and Faith’–my wedding gift–didn’t sound like something I should say right now, so I didn’t.
When he was about to close the door behind him after stepping out of the room, I found my voice, “Wait, please.” It was low, shaking and choking, but audible enough for him to hear it, since he stopped. “I, uh…I don’t want to stay alone,” I told him, because though I wasn’t in a prison cell, I still felt like it. I wanted some company, even if it was him–I didn’t mind. At least, he could keep the monster away.
Prince Fahd paused for a moment before he asked, “What’s your servant’s name?” his hand still on the doorknob.
“Mona,” I replied, doubting she’d want anything to do with me anymore after all that had happened. It was the first time his eyes met mine, and they were full of surprise and kind of shocked. “Mona is your servant?” he asked again, then averted his eyes away before I could reply. 
“Yes.”
“I’m afraid she’s busy, as well. I’ll request that one of the princesses accompany you until Prince Mazen gets here,” he said, nodding his head once, then left the room, closing the door.
She is busy, as well, he’d said. My throat closed just thinking of the possibility that she was being punished, too, for what I’d done. She didn’t want to leave me, and I told her to–ordered her even, and now…Dear God!
I stood unmoving for a while, watching the closed door with tears rolling down my cheeks, hugging my arms to myself tightly, in fear maybe, or was it in defense–I couldn’t tell. I waited, pacing a certain area of the room back and forth. My tears died, but fear and anxiety stayed pretty much alive. The wait became long enough that my legs started to ache from standing for so long. I had to sit down, and wait some more. After what felt like ages, I heard the doorknob turning and I got up, moving my hair out of my face, for it had gotten all messy when I took off the scarf earlier. The moments it took the person to come inside felt more like years. I didn’t know who it would be, and I was so scared it would be Jasem. And I didn’t even know how I felt about the thought that it could be the prince.
It wasn’t either of them. It was the one I’d thought looked like an angel on Earth. I could tell from her dress, though only the edges showed from underneath a black robe that wrapped her whole body.
When she closed the door, she let her cover loose and pulled it away in her hands, then she threw it onto one of the armchairs near the door, all the while looking at me with a smile on her face. A wary smile.
She moved her dark bangs out of her eyes with her fingertips. She had very long hair, a lot like Janna’s only much longer, reaching her backside or even farther. Her green eyes stared at mine for so long that it started to become uncomfortable. I waited for her to speak, but she didn’t. She just moved her eyes to look me up and down, coming closer and then circling me. It didn’t feel nice.
Finally, I heard her as she snorted, and I frowned at the sound. Who was this girl, and why was she looking at me that way?
“Your marriage to Prince Mazen was nothing but a compromise for both of the countries’ sakes, no more,” she said. Her accent was French, and her tone voiced her disgust at what she was saying as she kept circling me. “So don’t you even dream that he could fall for someone like you.” Her hand slung a lock of my hair that was on the side of my face back and my eyes widened. What was her problem? “It’s just that my fiancé would do anything for our kingdom.”
I inhaled sharply and held my breath at the sound of her words, almost choking up with it.
Fiancé! His cousin!
Explains the familiar shade of green in her eyes, I thought. And she didn’t even say ex-fiancé. What did that even mean? And why was it bothering me so much?
She stopped when she was to my right, brought her head closer to mine and then whispered, “And you should be aware that when he needs an heir, it’s my stomach that will bear his child, not yours. His seed will only get someone royal-born like me pregnant, not some commoner like you who only got the title four days ago.”
I swallowed thickly, my chest swelling and my heart hurting even greater than at any time before. The tears were stinging in my eyes and threatening to fall, but I wasn’t going to let them; I wasn’t going to give her that satisfaction. I tried my very best to appear whole and not like the pang of jealousy that was burning my insides was affecting me whatsoever–no idea if I was successful, though. It was like the situation I was in, and the fact that I most likely would be facing a very horrible time to come, was just lost on me. All I could think of was what that girl, who looked like an angel but spoke with a voice that could only belong to a demon, was saying to me.
I wanted to say something back to her, to claim what was mine, but then remembered that he didn’t belong to me. I didn’t even love him, nor did he love me back. I didn’t know what the heck I was thinking, or why on earth I was feeling this way. I was confused as heck about how much her words hurt, and why I felt the strong need to tell her how wrong she was. Eventually, I did what I’d mostly been doing since I’d left the palace not two hours ago: I chose to stay silent, hating that it might make me appear weaker than I was, but then I thought that if she heard the shaking in my voice, it would be worse.
She was about to say something else–who knows how hurtful it would’ve been this time–but she was cut off by the sound of the door being opened. It was him.
The prince.
My throat tightened and my chest swelled at the sight of him in general. But the look in his eyes? It made my heart bleed. Yeah, I’d hurt him more this time than any other time before. It looked like the wound was so bad, that I had no idea if it would ever heal–and it killed me.
His eyes. Just the look in his eyes was enough to bring new tears to my own. I wished I’d seen him angry or mad; I wished the look in his eyes was disgust or even hatred. But it wasn’t. He wasn’t mad. He was pained. The look in his eyes was pure hurt. Hurt that I had caused with my own hands. I just had no clue that seeing him hurt would hurt me this much. Yeah, I’d been upset before for upsetting him, but not that much. I felt his pain. It went right through me. Straight forward. And it was an ugly feeling.
He held my gaze for what felt like a long time, his eyes saying nothing and so much at the same time. Only one question was I able to hear so loudly: “Why?” I just couldn’t keep looking in those green gardens of his any longer; I had to look down in shame and hug my arms tighter to my body.
When my eyes rose to his again just a moment later, they weren’t looking at me anymore, but at the girl standing beside me. The same one who took her sweet time covering up again with her black clothes, but not as fast as the rest of the women had earlier in the king’s room or even as fast as she had when Prince Fahd entered. The Prince, too, took his own sweet time before he averted his eyes, and that alone was enough to make the pang of jealousy inside me grow even bigger.
“I wasn’t aware anyone else was here,” was the first thing he said, while still looking away from her as she put her scarf on as a veil. I noticed that this was all he was going to say as an apology for entering so abruptly, and realized that he really hardly ever apologized to anyone, just like he’d told me. Yet, he had apologized to me so many times in the past few days, even when it wasn’t his mistake.
What did I do?
“It’s fine,” she told him in the most tender voice you could hear–it was disgusting. “I’ll leave now, I was just keeping Princess Marie company.”
“Thank you, Princess,” he smiled a very small and one-sided smile, glancing at her for the briefest moment then away again.
Hurt! Hurt! Hurt!
The word ‘Princess’ from his mouth, so tender and gentle, coming out and addressing someone who wasn’t me...hurt. Hurt so badly that my tears did fall right then and there. “It was my pleasure, Your Highness.” She nodded her head once and then left, but not before turning her head to look at me when she was behind him. I knew if I were able to see the look in her eyes, I would’ve seen more of the smugness she’d just shown me, or maybe even a warning. I was glad for the layers covering her face.
When we heard the door closing, the prince’s eyes found mine again, and I didn’t know if I imagined the softness I saw in them or not, for it disappeared the very same moment it appeared and changed to a serious, blank look that I knew so well was hiding pain he didn’t want to show.
“I need to know everything that happened from the minute you left the wing until you were brought here to this room,” he said sternly, a tone he’d never used while talking to me before, “In detail.”
I guess the nice Prince Charming is gone.


When I think of that day Joseph entered my office and announced his plans for marriage, I see a changing point in my life. A major one.
You’d think my changing point would be my wedding day, the night my brother put a gun to my head–but no, it was when my brother told me it was an Arab Muslim he was going to marry. Because that day, I swallowed everything I wanted to say. Kept it in. And stayed silent. Maybe I told him a thing or two to show my objection, but I still accepted it. Eventually.
It had been the same since then. Only gotten worse. My old self was dying one day at a time.
The old me always stood strong, spoke up and took no garbage from anyone. My old self used to scare people with a raised eyebrow, make fully grown men’s legs shake with a long stare if they did something I didn’t like, or if something wasn’t as I had asked. My old self would give orders and things would get done the next minute. But now…I was far from that.
Never in my wildest dreams would I have thought I’d be treated this way: forced to sign papers I didn’t want to sign, ordered to obey traditions I’d never believed in, always scared for my life, pushed around and humiliated, and then teased and burnt with jealousy for someone I didn’t even love.
It wasn’t me.
It was like a nightmare that seemed to be endless. I was becoming someone I didn’t know, someone I wouldn’t even like to be friends with. Someone weak and scared all the time, to the point it was pathetic. It disgusted me.
Being my new me, I replied to the prince with nothing. Stayed silent because it had become what I did best.
The prince didn’t like it: it showed on his face when I looked in his eyes with my tear-filled ones. I wanted to reply; there was nothing left to hide. But I couldn’t–maybe he didn’t know about Janna helping me? Maybe I could still save her from being punished? Maybe she had already found her way out of the palace? But, no. It was impossible that he didn’t know she’d helped. Surely, Mona had told him what Janna had ordered her to do. He knew, there was no question. But–what more was there to tell, why would he need details?
I heard the prince inhaling deeply, then letting go of his breath slowly, his eyes not as soft as I always remembered them to be. They looked very similar to the time he’d told me I was a filthy American. Just hard and unkind, unlike him.
“You must be aware that your life is in danger,” he said through clenched teeth. “I need to know what happened,” he repeated, emphasizing the word ‘need.’
I swallowed audibly, still not knowing what I should say, but then thought that nothing could ever put me in a deeper mess than I was already in, so I talked. I told him. Everything, just like he’d asked.
Just a few words in, he turned his back to me, gazing away, at what I didn’t know. I didn’t stop talking, though I was completely devastated by the fact that I couldn’t see his face and study his reaction to my words. But then I thought that I’d already seen him hurt enough; seeing him even more hurt than now wouldn’t be such a great sight to behold. Since I couldn’t see his face, I stared deeply at what I could see. Closely.
His tensed shoulders told me of his upset, and his clenched fists told me of his anger. But the movement of his fingers through his hair when I was finished told me that he was really frustrated. It didn’t surprise me. I would be frustrated with me if I were him. Heck, I was frustrated with me.
The prince stayed silent for a minute or two after I finished talking, seeming deep in thought, and I would’ve paid anything to know what was inside of his head.
“All right,” it came out of him in a whoosh of breath, “Now we’ll go to my parents’ room. Follow me, please,” he said without looking in my direction, and simply did as he’d said he was going to do.
That was it? He wouldn’t show me how angry he was with me? He wouldn’t ask me ‘why’ and demand answers? He wouldn’t curse? He wouldn’t yell? Why wouldn’t he? I was really confused, and didn’t even know if I was grateful for it or not.
I reached for my head scarf and put it over my head, not really aware of what I was doing until I actually did it, then frowning a bit at why I did it without being asked to do so. Thinking that maybe I’d started to pick up on their traditions.
Huh! Just when it’s gotten worse do I start to get along…
I followed him, going back the same way I’d come with his brother quite a while ago. Only the two of us were in the anteroom that lead to the king’s bedroom, and when we made it to the door, the prince knocked then ushered me in, following right behind me.
Inside, only the queen and the king were there, and right before I could breathe a sigh of relief at not finding Jasem there, he spoke to bring our attention to him, sitting in a corner a bit far from where we were standing.
He said something in Arabic and I flinched back just hearing his voice, my back hitting the prince’s chest. I turned my head and looked back at him. 
His eyes held a lot of emotions that I couldn’t even begin to understand.
They weren’t looking at me, but at the monster. When his hand dropped over my shoulder and then pulled me the slightest bit protectively against him, I couldn’t help but close my eyes as a wave of security washed over me and filled my insides, just at the feel of him being so close to me and holding me to him that way.
The prince didn’t reply, and all I could see when I opened my eyes again was him sneering at Jasem before he turned his gaze to his parents and then squeezed my shoulder slightly before going to them, kissing his father’s hand then his shoulder. He then turned to kiss his mother’s hand, then her head, and returned to his spot beside me again.
“Now, what seems to be the problem that I was brought here for, Your Majesty?”
“Prince Jasem found your bride a little far from where she should be, Prince Mazen,” the king spoke. His tone sounded strong, truly belonging to a king, but his voice was weak, revealing how bad his health really was–though it was obvious he was trying his hardest not show it, despite everything.
“And what is the problem in that, Your Majesty?” the prince replied.
“What do you mean what is the problem, Ameer?” the queen asked with a held-in rage I could sense in her voice, calling him with the name I figured meant prince in Arabic since I knew Ameera meant princess. “What would make a bride leave her wing and her husband just four days after the wedding? Break all the rules and not only that–she was on her way to the airport!”
God! I couldn’t even think of all of the things they would do to me now that they knew what I was really doing–that I was escaping.
“Princess Janna received your permission to take Princess Marie to meet Princess Rosanna, and that was what my bride was doing,” the prince replied, his expression blank and his eyes hard.
Huh?
“I believe Princess Rosanna’s wing is right on the same floor as yours, not fifteen minutes away from the palace!” the queen said sarcastically.
“True. But my wife didn’t want to go to her empty-handed. She saw something at the airport when she arrived and she wanted to gift it to her; that is why she was heading to the airport, nothing more.”
Oh!
I looked with shock in my eyes at the prince when I heard his reply to his mother. He was covering up the truth. For what? For me? To protect me? It couldn’t be. I’d hurt him. Why would he want to do that?
Unless he wants to keep your punishment for himself…a voice in my head suggested.
“Huh!” Jasem let out a sound airing his belief that the prince said nothing but lies, and then spoke in Arabic until the king silenced him with just a warning in his eyes that silenced him right on the spot.
“Prince Mazen, I believe your bride could’ve gotten anything she wanted without having to go anywhere,” the king said.
“True, Your Majesty, but my wife wanted to do it herself. The gift that she wanted to get at the airport had her country’s spirit in it, like a souvenir. That was the only place she could get it from, and none of the servants would know what she meant, so she had to get it herself,” the prince replied. “And she had my permission to leave; I can’t see what’s wrong in that. Janna had already gotten the queen’s permission for her to leave the wing, and no one would’ve known about it if Jasem hadn’t brought her back the way he did.” His last words were spoken with more venom in them than I’d ever heard him speak before.
Jasem shouted something in Arabic and the king shouted back at him, “Silence!” forcing him to shut up once more. The king’s shouted word caused him to cough hard for a few moments before settling down again.
“Prince Jasem said that she told him she’d pay him not to bring her back to the palace. How do you explain that?” the king asked with a breathless voice.
No way was I getting out of this. Just no freaking way!
The prince was silent for a moment before he replied, “May I bring something to your attention, Your Majesty?”
“You may.”
“Jasem is a liar, a fact the kingdom has known about him since before I was born,” he said. “And the fact that he’s disrespectful to my wife at this very minute by not speaking in her language, and also disrespectful of my orders to do so, shows his disrespect to the entire kingdom–and to you yourself, Your Majesty. Someone this disrespectful, with lying running in his blood, would say anything to trouble us, and we’re already aware of his games.”
“Not true,” Jasem shouted, now finally speaking in English.
“Your Majesty, he dragged my wife here like you would a criminal, and this is insulting on so many levels, something I won’t tolerate. You can ask the guards about the way he brought her here and how he treated her.” The disgust and anger in his tone was clearly voicing the fire that was inside of him.
“Your word is a law, Prince Mazen,” the king said, and the prince held his head high, satisfaction showing on his face. “I won’t ask guards to confirm your words!”
“Thank you, Your Majesty.” The prince nodded his head once, and I fought a smile at the possibility that I was truly getting out of this.
“Prince Jasem,” the king called.
“Yes, Your Majesty,” Jasem replied in a low voice.
“Apologize to your future queen for your behavior,” the king ordered.
“But–”
“Now!” the king’s shouted word caused him a new round of coughs.
Jasem walked to stand in front of me and I flinched back once again. Like before, the prince put his hand over my shoulder again, as if he knew what his hand and his touch did to me, sending me the feelings of security and safety that I needed so much. Jasem then bowed his head and kept it down as he did as he was told, “I apologize for the misunderstanding and the way I behaved towards you, Princess Marie.” The evidence of hate toward what he was doing wasn’t lost in his voice–not to mention that he said the word ‘Princess’ as if he was mocking me.
When he looked up at me, the same hate I heard in his voice was clear in his eyes. It sent chills down my spine, but I was able to keep my head held high, probably finding the power from the prince’s closeness and his touch.
“Apology accepted.” I was surprised at how strong and believable my words sounded, even though I never truly accepted his apology. I thought it would be disrespectful for me to not accept it after the king had ordered it to be done.
“Now, if you’ll allow us, Your Majesty, we’ll be heading back to our wing,” the prince said. My heart started thumping fast all over again at the reminder that there were still a lot of things to deal with–the prince for a start.
“Of course, son,” the king replied, but then motioned for me with his hand to come closer, “Come here, Princess Marie.”
I looked up at the prince and he sent me a reassuring look, nodding his head for me to go to him, and I did. I sat on the spot he patted beside him on his bed, and when I did he reached with his hand towards my head and patted it, speaking to me with a kind voice, “May God make you the best mother for my grandchildren, and the greatest queen for my people.”
I smiled a genuine smile at his words, a smile that I didn’t have to fake whatsoever, for I had truly liked the sound of his words, though the reason why I liked them was unknown to me.
“Thank you, Your Majesty,” I replied softly.
He smiled back and then motioned with his head to the queen. She nodded with tight lips and went to bring something from a room she entered for a minute, coming back with a box in her hand. 
“This is for you,” he said as his wife handed me the box. “It’s the contract for a beach mansion I’ve signed over to your name, Benty. Forgive me for not attending the wedding or giving you your wedding gift in a more decent setting.”
“A mansion?” I whispered my question, not really asking him but rather surprised at the generous gift.
“I hope my son takes you there before the winter approaches.”
I offered him another smile. “Thank you so much, Your Majesty, it’s very kind of you.”
“You’re most welcome, Princess Marie.”
I got up with the box in my hand and found Jasem sneering even more than before. I ignored him and went to the door that Prince Mazen held open for me, finding Jasem rushing to it to get out before me, which was seriously rude to the both the prince and myself.
“Jasem, we haven’t finish talking yet,” the king’s words were the last thing I heard in that room, and the stare of the queen’s unconvinced eyes were the last I saw before I stepped out of it.
Outside the room stood Prince Fahd, and next to him was someone I never thought I’d feel so relieved to see when I saw her as I felt at that moment: Mona.
Oh, thank you, God.
I smiled widely when I saw her, but she replied to me with a very small smile that was barely there, and then looked down after she took the box from my hands.
Oh! Guess I upset her as well.
“Prince Fahd, bring me the guard that drove the princess to the airport. Mona, bring me a scarf and meet us outside of the wing at the main entrance.”
“Yes, Prince Mazen,” Mona said, and Prince Fahd nodded, both going in separate directions while we continued our way through the very long anteroom.
The walk was silent apart from the sound of my heels on the marble floor. My mind was busy trying to figure out what the prince would want a scarf for. Was the one I had over my hair not enough or what?
Eventually, we made it to the great wooden door and the prince held it open for me. When we stepped outside the king’s wing, he pulled me closer to him and left his hand at the small of my back, as he looked at the guards with his head held high and his broad shoulders seeming even wider than the norm, like he always did when he was about to command something. Then we just stood there doing nothing other than looking around at the guards who were surrounding the area with their gazes lowered to the floor.
A minute or two later, Fahd entered from a door that was on the side of the room, followed by the same guard who drove the limousine.
“The guard you asked for, Prince Mazen,” Prince Fahd said.
The prince sneered at the guy, and for a moment I was scared of what would happen to him. The look in his eyes somehow mirrored the very same look I’d had when Jasem brought me here and I didn’t know what was about to happen to me.
“Do you speak English?” the prince asked the guard.
“Yes, Your Highness,” the guard replied with a heavy accent, shaky voice and lowered eyes.
“Good,” the prince said. “Were you the one to drive my wife to the airport?”
“I didn’t know she was your wi–”
“I asked you a question!” the prince shouted, interrupting him and causing both of us to flinch.
“Yes, Your Highness.”
“What’s your name?”
“Bassel, Your Highness,” the guard replied, to which the prince snorted and shook his head.
“Do you know the meaning of your name, Bassel?”
“Yes, Your Highness. Courageous.”
“You sure are not. Stand in the center of the room for everyone to see you,” the prince ordered. I had to hug my arms to myself once again, so afraid of what would happen to the guard and believing that I would be witnessing his execution with my own eyes very soon.
“All eyes on me!” the prince commanded, and all of the guards looked at him as he stood in front of the guard and then spoke to him. “You weren’t aware the one in the car was my wife. For a reason someone like you should not know–it was her. Not knowing who was with you doesn’t give you the excuse of not protecting her. You were ordered to guard her and drive her safely to the airport, be it a royal or even a servant, you do as you are told!”
The guard was trying really hard to contain himself, but I could swear I was able to hear the thumping of his heartbeat.
“Yes, Your Highness.”
The prince took a step closer to him, then reached for the badge over his left shoulder and ripped it, then did the same to the one on his right shoulder.
“If you cannot be trusted with our women, you are not trusted with our land,” the prince said.
“Your Highness, Prince Jasem ordered me to–”
“Prince Jasem has no power over you,” the prince yelled. “You get your orders from me, Prince Mazen Alfaidy, the Crown Prince, or my brother, Prince Fahd, if not from our father, the king of this kingdom, do you understand?”
“Yes, Your Highness.”
“Mona!” the prince called the woman who I wouldn’t have expected to be Mona, for she’d had her face cover down when she entered the room a few minutes ago. “Hand me the scarf.”
Mona walked up to him and gave him the black scarf that was in her hand, and I wondered if he would strangle him with it, or what. It was a really scary and troubling thing to watch and wait for.
The prince reached with his hand again, but this time it was for the hat on the now ex-guard’s head. He shrugged it off of his head and let it drop to the floor, then offered him the scarf.
“Put it on,” the prince ordered, at which Bassel’s eyes widened at his words.
“Your Highness?” I could hear the terror on his voice.
God!
“If you can’t protect our women, then you won’t be treated as a man. Do as you’re told.”
From the tears that sparkled in his eyes as he obeyed, I knew this to be the most humiliating thing for him to do. Still, he did it. And it was a really saddening thing to see.
“Go home, you’re discharged from the army. You won’t be working in anything related to the security of the kingdom or its people whatsoever from now on,” he said. “You,” he pointed to one of the guards, who ran to stand in front of him. “Follow him. He’s not allowed to get any ride to his house, and make sure he keeps the scarf on until he arrives there.”
“Yes, Your Highness.”
The guard walked out with Bassel, his scarfed head hanging down in humiliation and I felt so bad for him, but then thought it was better than him being killed or punished with something else. Or maybe not…
“All of you, listen to me. This is my wife, your future queen. If anyone touches a hair on her head in your presence, I won’t order you to cover your heads, I will CUT THEM OFF. Am I understood?”
“Yes, Your Highness,” they said in unison, and I thought my eyes couldn’t get any wider.
“I will repeat it in the language you understand better so I’m sure that my order is clear, because I won’t take any excuses ever again in regards my wife’s safety and her honor,” he said and then did speak in Arabic, to which they replied again with something I understood to be confirmation to what they’d heard.
Right when they said the words, I heard clapping coming from behind me. I frowned, turning my head to look at the source of the sound, only to find it was the monster standing by the main door we’d come from. The stupid and silly look on his face made him look even more ridiculous than he already was.
“Bravo,” the monster commented.
“Oh, Jasem, how nice of you to join us, I was just about to call for you,” the prince said with a fake smile that told of disgust rather than anger. The next thing I knew, the prince was moving in fast and long steps in Jasem’s direction so that I had to step away, and then had him by the collar and started punching him in the face over and over again until I lost count of the fists thrown at his face.
“How dare you put your disgusting hand on my wife? How dare you touch her?” the prince said through clenched teeth as he kept punching Jasem under his jaw and in the nose while the weak monster struggled to block the punches the prince was showering him with.
“How dare you call her a name?” Another punch to his stomach and then another to his side.
“Enough!” to my surprise I heard Mona saying, but the prince didn’t stop. 
“Mazen! That’s enough!” The commanding tone in her voice was more than shocking, let alone the fact that she hadn’t used a title before his name, or the fact that he did stop when he heard her.
What kind of power does this woman have over him? She is just a servant, I wondered.
The prince then took Jasem by his collar and dragged him until he was right in front of me, pulling him to stand on his knees, his face all puffed up and bloodied so that he was now even more disgusting to look at than before.
“Now you can apologize decently and beg for her forgiveness–if she really accepts it; only then will I let you go, you jerk,” the prince shouted.
Jasem shouted back with something in Arabic and was met by a shove of the prince’s leg to the middle of his back while continuing to hold him still by the back of his collar, causing him to scream in agony, a very disturbing noise to hear.
“I–uh, I’m sorry, Princess. I b-beg your forgiveness.”
I nodded frantically. “Accepted, you’re forgiven,” and said the words in a hurry, turning my face to the side. I just couldn’t stand seeing him kneeling in front of me like that, and I just wanted him gone.
Only then did the prince let go of him. “I swear to Allah if you ever step a foot inside my father’s wing again without my permission, I will make you regret it, Jasem,” he threatened. “Take him out of my sight.”
The guards helped Jasem to his feet, and once settled, he shoved them away and walked himself out of our sight, barely able to walk at all, words that sounded like curses dripping from his mouth.
Prince Fahd came and patted his brother’s shoulder with delight shining in his eyes. “Couldn’t have done it better.” The prince shrugged his hand away, not forcibly, but powerfully enough to show how mad he still was. And then headed to an elevator after saying, “Let’s go.”
I followed him, not knowing how it would be between the two of us from now on.


Despite everything that was happening, despite the worry that had its grip on me so tightly, and the anxiety about what was to come that filled my every sense, I couldn’t help the warmth that spread deep inside of my heart when everything the prince had just done sunk in.
He’d lied to save my life. He’d punished because I wasn’t protected enough. He’d ordered and commanded to make sure I’d always be safe. He’d used his fists to deal with the one who’d treated me with disrespect.
And...he’d promised to cut heads off if a hair on my own was touched.
I couldn’t even imagine what all of this meant to me. It was making me speechless, even inside of my brain; I was speechless, as in couldn’t-even-form-a-thought kind of speechless.
I couldn’t understand why he would go this far to protect me? For what? A part inside of my head couldn’t help but wonder if there was something hidden in all of this. Like...if he had other intentions. Bad ones. I just couldn’t find a reason why would he do all of that for me.
Unless he cares for you. A lot, something inside of me spoke.
Could it be true? That the prince had feelings for me? I really didn’t know. But the mere thought of it made my insides tingle…in a very good way, and I had no clue what to make of it.
Just like the walk through the lobby, the wait in the elevator was... Silence. The only sound was coming from the prince’s panting as he tried to catch his breaths, while leaning his body and his head back against the side wall of the elevator with his eyes closed.
Oh, how I wanted to take him in my arms, or rather be in his arms, but I didn’t know if it would be welcome or not. I didn’t know how he really felt about me leaving that way. Of course he wasn’t happy about it or couldn’t take it easily; after all, I did lie to him and fool him so I could try and escape.
The elevator opened to the same place which I’d come from on the night of the wedding, a foyer. The closed door nearby, I knew, led to our bedroom. 
Once inside, the prince headed towards the bathroom in the corner, but I was able to stop him before he got there by catching his hand in mine. “Wait,” and then keeping my hold on it even after he stopped.
He didn’t turn my way, so I took a step or two to stand in front of him, facing him. He didn’t look at me; he just stared straight ahead, and I wished he would just look into my eyes, or that I could read him or hear his thoughts. Or that he would hold my hand back…
“I-…I just wanted to thank you. For–uh, what you told your parents. And for defending my honor,” I said softly, sincerely.
He was silent for a moment, and I watched his Adam’s apple bob up and down as he swallowed before he replied, still not looking at me. “I promised that I will keep you safe as long as I breathe,” he said in a low, but firm voice.
My heart. It ached.
If you would only look at me?
“I never break my promise.”
If you would just hold my hand back?
I started feeling the now very familiar sensation of my throat closing as my tears started choking me. He was so…cold. I wasn’t used to this kind of tone from him.
I nodded my head, looking down, wanting to say something else, but not really knowing what that ‘something else’ would be. Still not wanting to let go of his hand, even if I wanted to let go of it. God! I was so confused that I was even confusing to my own self.
As I was about to look up at his face again, I saw something on the inside of his arm: a smudge, a fading red smudge of…dried blood.
My eyes grew bigger as I stared at it; there was no way that this blood could be Jasem’s. This smudge was dry, meaning that he’d gotten it long before he started to hit Jasem and cause him to bleed from his nose and lips. It also looked like that spot had been washed before, but maybe that he’d done it in a hurry and hadn’t noticed that it wasn’t completely gone.
My head started pounding, and my throat went dry as I thought of whose blood this could be. Still, I needed to ask. Just to make sure. Or to reassure my heart with a ‘not hers’ kind of answer. I swallowed thickly, and did so.
“W-whose blood is this?” my lips trembled a little as I asked the question.
The prince looked down to see what I was looking at, paused for a moment, then answered with the name I feared he would answer with the most, “Janna’s,”
My heart skipped a beat, and my pounding head started spinning, my free hand coming up to cover my mouth after I let out a shocked and horrified gasp, leaving little room for my lips to allow my question to come out, “You killed her?”
It was only then that his eyes looked at mine, his lips forming a sneer, and his face changing from a blank to an expression that spoke of disgust more than anything, “Is that what you think of me?” he asked through clenched teeth. “A monster that would kill his own sister for being a foolish teenager who doesn’t know better and always acts as stupid as stupidity could get? Huh? Is that all you see?”
I stared at his angry eyes for a few seconds, completely dumbfounded and not knowing how to answer, only thinking of what his answer-questions could mean more than actually thinking of an answer to reply to him. My hopes were as high as they could get that this meant Janna was okay and well, until he broke our connected gaze when he jerked his hand away from mine and continued his way to the bathroom, leaving me by myself and with only my thoughts to keep me company.
I stood there in my place for a minute or two, lost in my thoughts, until I heard a knock on the door that brought me back to where I was standing and not in the land of wondering, guessing and hoping.
“Come in,” I called.
Mona entered the room, the box that the king had given to me in her hands. “I will put this with the jewelry, Princess,” she said, her face sad and her eyes even sadder.
“Yeah, sure,” I said.
She went on her way to the dresser beside the window where all of the boxes of gifts I’d gotten in the past few days lay, and I went to sit on one of the armchairs, not really knowing what to do with myself.
When Mona was finished putting the box away a minute later, she came closer and asked, “Would you like to eat now, Princess?” Her usual soft smile was long gone, leaving sad features in its place which caused her to age ten years.
“Do you think I can find any appetite to eat now, Mona?” I asked softly, not really questioning it, but just telling her I couldn’t.
“I only do what you order me to do, Princess, not what I think,” she replied just as softly. I didn’t know if she meant my order for her to leave when I was about to flee or not, but I still felt bad about it.
“Okay,” I murmured. “No, thank you.” And she was gone after saying her usual, “Call my name if you need anything.”
I rested my body and my head back against the armchair, allowing myself once again to get lost in my thoughts. They were mostly about Janna and her destiny, the worrier in me wondering if maybe he didn’t kill her but someone else had? Because what would explain her dried blood on the inside of his elbow other than that?
Just the thought of her being killed made my stomach twist and turn, so scared that she had faced this horrible fate at all, let alone because of me.
God! Why, why did I go along with it? Why? I was such an idiot; none of this would’ve happened if I hadn’t done that. At the very least, I wouldn’t have been this worried and the questions in my head wouldn’t be killing me this way.
Time went by, and the prince didn’t come out of the bathroom. I wondered if I should check up on him because it’d been a long time since he’d gone in there, but I thought better of it.
After a while, I heard another knock on the door, Mona coming in after I called for her to do so. She informed me that the prince had requested for her to tell me he would be spending some time alone in the living room, disappointing me with her words, for I had been waiting for him to come out, even though I had no clue what I would tell him when he did.
She suggested preparing me a bath and I agreed. She picked me something comfortable and I wore it. She dried and brushed my hair and I didn’t say anything. She asked if I needed anything and I told her no. And when she left, the thoughts remained present.
Sometime later, I heard the faint sound of a door closing, and I wondered what the prince was doing or where he was going, or if it was Mona. I walked around the room for a bit, then decided that I’d just go and sneak a peek from the secret door that lead to the living room where Mona had said the prince was, hoping that I wouldn’t be caught doing so because it would be so embarrassing.
I opened the door as slowly as possible, only parting it enough for me to be able to see inside of the living room. I scanned the place searching for the prince, only to find him sitting in one of the armchairs across the room. The sight of him…broke my heart. Just broke it.
He had his head in his hands, and his shoulders hunched down and his posture screamed miserable. Knowing that I had everything to do with it broke me even more and I couldn’t help tearing up, saddened by what I was looking at and my hands’ doing.
He had changed, and his hair looked slightly damp. In front of him stood Mona; she was speaking to him, but I couldn’t hear what she was saying from my spot. He wasn’t replying, and she would stop talking and then talk again, and though I couldn’t hear her, I knew that she was trying to soothe him. For a brief moment, I wondered if I should open the secret door in the closet that lead to the living room instead of this one, for it was closer to where they were, but thought better of it.
The prince laid his head back, his eyes closed, still not replying to her. Then I saw her as she patted the top of his chest, then smoothed his hair with one movement, starting from his forehead to the middle of his head in a motherly gesture, and then left the room.
This woman’s closeness to him was a bit confusing to me, but I doubted that Mona was his nanny when he was a kid or something of that sort.
I stared at the prince’s troubled form for a few minutes before I decided that enough was enough, and I closed the door as quietly as I’d opened it.
A few hours later, when it was the early hours in the morning, I took the hint that the prince wouldn’t be coming, and the empty feeling I had at the realization wasn’t an easy sensation to bear.
I went to my bed, trying to get some sleep, because I wanted this nightmare of a night to end. Funny that, unlike any other nightmare you’d end it by waking up, I was trying to end mine by falling asleep.
I prayed. Sleep still wouldn’t visit me, and my thoughts and worry for Janna just wouldn’t let me be. So I got up, dropped a fluffy scarf that was on the couch over my shoulders and went to the sunroom.
It was chilly, but I didn’t care, and when the windows opened, it was even colder, but I still didn’t leave it. I sat on the swing and swung myself back and forth lazily. 
The night seemed longer than a week, and the quietness around me was so noisy that it hurt my ears. I thought about going to check on the prince, to see if he was alright, but I didn’t do it, feeling as if it wasn’t my place to even feel worried about him.
A while later, I heard the azan, powerful and strong, but quiet and peaceful, just like I’d heard it with the prince on the roof of the palace. I wondered if the prince would come out now to pray. I knew he could do it in any room, so I still might not see him if he decided not to come to our bedroom.
Next, I found myself reaching for the secret door in the sunroom that opened into the kitchen, and without hesitation this time, I went in. My hands touched the black marble counter and I looked around to see if Mona was nearby or would come out of nowhere like last time. I knew she would be awake now to pray. A few minutes passed and as I expected, she came with hurried steps.
“Can I help you with something, Princess? I apologize if you called and I didn’t hear you, I was praying.”
Figured.
“I, um…can we talk for a few minutes, please?” I asked hesitantly.
“Of course, Princess,” she said, I smiled a small smile and then pulled one of the stools and sat on it, waiting for her to do the same, but she didn’t, so I asked her to do so.
“I’m sorry for the trouble I caused you, I promise that hurting the family or even causing problems was never my intention, Mona. Please believe me,” I apologized with quiet voice.
Mona looked at me for a moment, offered me a small smile, then nodded. I wasn’t so sure if she believed me at all; her eyes told me that she wasn’t the one I should be apologizing to–and I knew she was right–but she still said nothing.
“I...um, do you know if Janna is okay?” I asked softly.
I heard her sighing as she looked down, taking a moment of silence before she replied, “She’s stable, may God protect her.”
“Stable? What happened to her? Why was she bleeding? Did Prince Fahd hurt her?” I asked, my heart crying for Janna and whatever she’d gone through, though thankful to learn she was stable, whatever stable meant.
“Uh…it’s not my place to answer those questions, Princess, I’m sorry,” she said in a soft, almost-embarrassed voice as she looked down.
“Look,” I reached with my hand for hers on top of the kitchen table and touched it, “I know you have no reason to trust me, but I swear I will keep whatever you tell me a secret, and to never let anyone know you told me anything. Please, I just want to know what happened to her, my mind is going in every direction and it’s really disturbing,” I tried.
Mona took longer to reply to me this time, but eventually she did. “Princess Janna tried to kill herself.” My eyes doubled in size and hers teared up. “She cut her wrists.”
“Oh, God!” I gasped, “I–…God!” I rested my head in my hand, trying to process what I’d just heard. “This is all my fault,” I whispered to myself, but when Mona patted my hand that was still on hers with her other, I knew she’d heard me. She didn’t say anything, though.
“Is she alright now? Was she found before it was too late?” I tried to reassure myself with my own questions. I only wanted a nod from her in reply to settle my thoughts and put my head to any kind of rest.
“Yes, Princess. I wasn’t finished with packing, but I wanted to bring certain things from her old wing that I thought she would like to have with her in the US,” Mona replied. “I had no idea that I would find her there–drowning in her own blood.” Her voice cracked at the end.
“Oh, dear God!”
“It was pure coincidence that I went there at all. I believe God wanted to keep her safe, that’s why I found her. She’s too young for death, the poor girl.” Sorrow was dripping from her voice.
“Thank God you found her in time,” I told her.
“Thank God I was able to get Prince Mazen in time: he helped a lot.”
I nodded my head slowly and looked down. That was how she’d planned to keep him busy.
All my fault…
“He must’ve been really scared.” I shook my head in sympathy, sorrow consuming me.
“He was. He loves her very much. I can’t even think what would’ve happened if–God forbid–something bad had happened to her.”
I nodded, understanding. “Where is she now?” I wondered if I could see her…
“In the sky.”
“What?” I shouted. “But you said she was okay...”
“Oh, I’m sorry, Princess. I meant on a jet, on her way to the US,” she replied.
“Oh,” I sighed in relief, then we stayed silent for a few moments. “Wait, why is she on a plane in such condition?”
“The family doctor is with her with his team, and she will be okay if God wills. She didn’t lose enough blood to make it life-threatening, but she will have a blood transfusion on the plane as Prince Mazen suggested. It was the best way to prevent anyone from finding out what’d happened. Rumors would start if anyone learned about it, or that she was still in the palace at all–plus what happened with Prince Jasem…things wouldn’t have turned out well,” she explained. “Now everything is back on track, and, hopefully, will stay this way.” 
I pursed my lips, finding everything to be very complicated and it would’ve become even messier if just one thing hadn’t happened. Though I was sure there was more than one private jet owned by the royal family, I was glad I didn’t get on that one I was going to flee on. Because it was ready to go to the States and everything was prepared for that trip, it made Janna’s departure easier than it would’ve been if it wasn’t ready, as well as removing the risk of anyone knowing about her still being in the palace or what she tried to do.
After another short period of silence, I decided to get back to my room–I’d learned that Janna was okay, and that was all that mattered. “I’m going to go back now,” I said. “Thank you for everything, you really don’t know how much this means to me,” I smiled softly at her, and she returned it with a smile just as soft.
Just as I was about to get up off the stool, Mona spoke, “By the way, Princess,” I turned my gaze back to her and stopped midway to standing, “Prince Fahd loves Princess Janna just as much as Prince Mazen loves her, if not even more–he would’ve never hurt her,” she said.
Huh!
Her words made me sit back on the stool, my eyes locked on hers, not really looking at her but rather trying to understand her words–was she for real? I had to ask, “Seriously? I wouldn’t think that of the one who wanted to beat her near death, and actually did slap her more than once when he learned she was pregnant.”
Mona looked surprised that I knew that story, but then recovered quickly and sighed before replying, “I guess Princess Janna was the one to tell you that story.” I didn’t say anything. “It’s a good thing she thought that: it was the point, to know that what she’d done was a really bad thing to do, a line that should’ve never been crossed.”
“What do you mean by ‘Good thing she thought that’? You mean it wasn’t actually the case?” I asked.
“Of course not, Princess,” she replied, “but Prince Fahd had to do it.”
“How?”
“It’s really not my place to tell, Princess.”
“Please, Mona, you can tell me. You’ve already told me a lot, so what’s one other thing?” I tried to be convincing.
Mona took a deep breath. “Prince Mazen was the first to learn about Princess Janna’s pregnancy, and Prince Fahd was the only one he told after that,” she started. “Only I know of what really happened after that. 
“Both of them were really mad and angry, at your brother more than anything, but they were raised well: they knew that acting with anger wouldn’t cause anything but more damage. That’s a thing you need to learn well in order to rule a country, and they did so, they made a plan.”
“A plan?” I frowned.
“Yes, Princess,” she answered. “They made it look as if Prince Fahd learned about it at the same time as the queen, when Prince Mazen asked for both to come to Princess Janna’s wing. They knew the queen would be furious and even madder if Princess Janna wasn’t punished. She would’ve raised the issue with the king–and not in a good way–and done whatever it took to get Princess Janna her punishment, to be killed,” she sighed. “The queen has one rule that she respects most of all: respect all of the rules. Their plan was that one of them had to slap their sister in the presence of the queen, and make it look like he was going to kill her. Prince Mazen couldn’t do it, so Prince Fahd took care of it even if his heart was breaking inside–and trust me, it was. When it happened, Prince Mazen acted as if he was angry with his brother and pushed him away from Princess Janna. They threw fists at each other and made it look ugly, believable enough for the queen to believe that one of them was going to die if she didn’t stop them. Prince Mazen made it clear he wouldn’t see his sister killed, no matter what, even if he had to die for it. They made the queen come up with finding another solution herself, as that had been their plan from the start: for it to be her own idea–and it worked. Because the queen definitely wouldn’t want to see her son getting killed for something he didn’t even do,” Mona smiled.
“Wow!” I breathed.
“Sadly, the king still didn’t take it well, even though he learned about it with the solution of the trade tailing the news of her pregnancy.”
“Yeah, may God cure him,” I prayed: he seemed like a kind person.
“There are lots of things we wouldn’t know if we only heard the story from one side, Princess. And when it comes to the royal family, you can never tell what hidden intentions there are in the story, even if you heard it from both sides. Trust me, I know.”
I studied her a little longer, my eyes narrowing. “You’re really not only a servant, are you?” I asked.
“What would make you say that, Princess?” she asked with a hint of a smile on her lips.
“Aside from the fact that Prince Fahd was really surprised that you were my servant, and the fact that you knew of Janna’s pregnancy like I expected, you sure know lots of things that no servant could know without one of those persons you just talked about telling you those things themselves,” I told her.
She smiled. “No, Princess, I’m not a servant anymore, for over ten years now. Prince Mazen ordered it once he was old enough to give orders,” she told me.
“Then why are you serving me, and why did you introduce yourself as my servant?”
“Prince Mazen asked me to do it for the first seven days, until you choose one yourself. I’m the only one whom he trusted to serve you well.”
“Why?”
“Islam makes me his mother, something the queen doesn’t really like for me, or him, to address by that title,” she said.
“How so?” I frowned.
“I raised him since he was a little baby. I breastfed him along with my own daughter, as well as Prince Fahd, when his servant got sick or whatever. In Islam, I take the title of his Nursery Mother just by having done so a certain number of times.” There was undeniable pride in her words.
“Oh, I see,” I said, “That’s – nice,” was all I could say. I really needed lots of time alone to be able to process all of this.
Right at the same minute, I heard a buzz that I hadn’t heard before, and Mona stood up right away. “That would be one of the queen’s servants bringing breakfast, I have to get that.”
I nodded. “Yeah, sure, thanks again,” I smiled, getting up this time and heading back to the sunroom and then to the bedroom.



While I lay awake on my bed, I couldn’t help but think about all of the things Mona had told me. I was glad to learn that Janna was okay, I just hated that she was so depressed that she thought about ending her life. The poor girl had dealt with so much since she’d gotten pregnant, I couldn’t even imagine what she’d gone through. She believed that one of her brothers wanted to kill her, and the other didn’t want anything to do with her. They were really upset with her choices and they made her believe that they were mad, to the point of not wanting to deal with her at all. I’d seen it with my own eyes just the day before: the last time she’d come here with Joseph, the prince wouldn’t even look at her.
Their culture was really complicated. I knew that in old Europe it was really bad to get pregnant outside of marriage–heck, it’s still not very acceptable now in some Eastern countries or even in some states in America–but I don’t think they ever kill for it. Or maybe I didn’t know…truth was, I’d never really given it that much thought.
My thoughts drifted to the prince, and what he himself had gone through: it was a lot, and devastating to even think about it. It seemed that he hadn’t taken a breather since everything happened with Janna, and because of her. And now with my escape attempt…
I didn’t think he would ever hurt me. He’d promised. I didn’t know why I’d ever thought he would. After all, he’d only been kind to me and had never made any move that spoke of bad intentions.
I found myself thinking of how I wanted things to get back to how they were just a day ago, or like those few hours we spent in the royal stable. I sighed, my thoughts really confusing and annoying me. Certain thoughts of what he’d done to defend me made me smile a goofy smile, despite everything that was going on inside of my head. But when I remembered his reply, and how he’d said that he only did it to keep his promise of keeping me safe, my smile dropped and I started having weird and stupid–oh, so stupid–feelings.
Before I thanked him, I’d kept thinking that maybe he had feelings for me, and that was why he’d done all of that; but when I asked him, he said it was only to keep a promise. And now, I was upset that it didn’t mean he had feelings for me, and even more upset at myself. No...I was actually mad at myself for being upset that he didn’t have feelings for me. Why on earth did I want him to have feelings for me? It was really crazy. I was going crazy.
Not too much later, Mona knocked. When she came in, she held the tray with our breakfasts on it. She set it on the round table in the middle of the room as usual, smiling and telling me she would be informing the prince that breakfast was ready.
Though I still didn’t feel much like eating, I still got excited that he was finally coming back to our room. Maybe when he got here and we had breakfast together, I’d figure out how he truly felt about all of what happened, and if he was very upset with me because of it...or not much...or hopefully not at all.
My hopes dropped when Mona came back to tell me that the prince would only have some tea for breakfast…in the living room.
He still doesn’t want to see me, I thought. But I really wasn’t going to just sit there and do nothing about it. My old self needed to get back in the driver’s seat: enough of that weak and miserable person who barely knew how to act anymore.
I got out of bed. “Mona, please leave it,” I told her. “I’ll get him his tea.”


Mona actually grinned for the first time in what seemed like a long time at my statement about going to the prince with his tea, and then nodded. She prepared the smaller tray that held the teapot and a cup with a plate of English cake, while I fixed my hair and took a look in the mirror to see how wrinkled my blue short-sleeved shirt and navy sweatpants were. They looked fine.
“Shall I put your coffee with it, Princess?” she asked.
“Yes, please,” I smiled, and she added another elegant cup with the coffee pot to the tray. Mona then carried the tray and was about to take it in to the prince herself, I imagined, thinking that I’d be following, but I stopped her.
“Please, let me,” I said softly.
“But, Princess–”
“C’mon, Mona, I’m not that spoiled, I know how to carry a tray,” I smiled.
She smiled back. “All right, let me open the door for you.” After handing me the tray, she opened the secret door and held it open for me as I went inside, mouthing a ‘thank you’ to her. She replied with a smile and a nod before she closed it again.
The prince wasn’t sitting on the armchair I’d seen him sitting on last night. I searched for him with my eyes only to find him standing in front of a large window which dominated one of the side walls of the living room.
I set the tray on a table near him, the tray making a noise when it touched the glass tabletop, so there was no way he hadn’t heard, yet...he didn’t move at all, seemingly deep in thought.
I cleared my throat, but it was no use. I thought it would be better to just pour him that cup of tea, so I did, then asked, “How much sugar?” my voice soft and my tone calm.
It was then that the prince turned his head to look in my direction. His eyes didn’t hold the same amount of emotions I’d seen in them about six hours ago. They now held sadness most of all, more than I’d seen in any sad eyes before–and I’d seen a lot. It made me sad myself, but I kept my soft smile in place as I kept my eyes locked on his green ones.
The prince didn’t reply to me. He looked back out the window for a second, sighed, then turned around and took the two or three steps that separated us and picked up two sugar cubes, putting them in the cup before stirring it with a teaspoon. Then he took his cup of tea and moved back to where he’d been standing a minute ago. No words. At all.
Oh-kay…
I pressed my lips together, disappointed that he seemed to not really want to talk to me, but I wasn’t going to give up so soon. I really wanted to talk to him.
I poured myself my own cup of coffee, picked it up and went to stand beside him. Out of the window, I was able to see a part of our bedroom window, and when I looked down, it was the beautiful garden I’d grown to like a lot; its bright green was almost the same as the prince’s beautiful eyes.
“Uh…is it okay for me to drink coffee, Doc?” I smiled, hoping to lighten the atmosphere. “I feel fine.”
“You answered for yourself,” he said sternly, not even glancing my way, and then sipped his tea.
Ouch!
I shook my head slightly, but didn’t comment, trying to act as if it wasn’t so obvious that he wasn’t fond of my presence. I took a sip of my hot coffee and gazed at the sight in front of me, though I wasn’t really enjoying it, not with what was going on around me. Um…beside me.
When he was finished with his tea, he went and put his cup on the tray, and I followed suit, thinking of something else to talk to him about. I really hated that he was ignoring me this way. I hated his silence; I wished he would tell me something, anything – even yell at me. It was seriously annoying.
“Can we talk, please?” I asked him as he was about to go back to his spot in front of the window.
“I don’t want to talk,” he said, still avoiding my eyes–or even my direction entirely.
“I’m not used to that from you,” I said, surprising myself with my use of the words ‘used to,’ but I recovered quickly. “You’ve always talked to me when something needs explaining or to be discussed.”
He turned his head toward me and then offered a one-sided smile that didn’t look like a smile at all, more like a sneer, but not really a sneer at the same time. Ugh! “I’m not in the mood for talking,” he said and then looked back out of the window again. His words reminded me of all of the times I’d replied to him with the very same words when he said he wanted to talk to me, and it didn’t feel so good.
Everything in me told me to just let it go and let him be and simply go back to my room, but I still didn’t do it. I didn’t want to leave him, I wanted to talk with him. “Why don’t you just yell at me and tell me that you’re mad at me and just let me have it?” I asked in frustration.
I thought he would seriously start yelling at me after that, but he didn’t. He was really calm when he said, “I don’t happen to cry over spilled milk.”
Huh!
“Oh, I thought you didn’t cry at all,” I challenged, feeling stupid for speaking so childishly.
“You’re right, I don’t cry at all, and I won’t be doing it over spilled milk,” he replied coldly, frustrating me even more. Freaking spilled milk! “What happened, happened. Talking about it won’t turn back time.”
I looked down, embarrassed maybe. He was right, but…I didn’t like for us to be like this. Don’t even ask me why, because the heck if I knew. “Are you mad at me?” I whispered my question.
His silence was his answer.
“Please reply.”
“I am,” he replied, and his answer, though expected...it hurt. “For putting your life in danger,” he continued, and my stomach fluttered. Was that really why he was mad? “It almost broke my promise.”
Oh…that.
The hurt was back.
Still don’t ask why.
Still didn’t know the answer.
“Was that–all...” the question simply came out, “because of your promise?”
“Why else would I be?”
“I thought that…maybe you cared for me.” I just couldn’t hold it in.
The prince turned around so he was facing me, with a look I didn’t get on his face. I could read confusion, but there was something else I just couldn’t find a word for. “Why?” he asked.
“Why what?”
“Why would you want me to care? Because I’m a toy you’d like to play with?” A hint of hurt was lacing his voice.
“Why would you say that? I don’t think that of you!”
“Do you really want me to count?” he asked, but answered at the same time, saying with his question that it was more than one time that I’d made him think I thought of him as someone I could fool. “We had a deal, Princess.” Him calling me ‘Princess’ again, and addressing me when he talked, was like a breath of fresh air and a cool breeze on a hot and sunny day. I even wanted to smile, but it wasn’t the best time to do so. I just listened to him talk, glad that he was finally doing so.
“I don’t understand why you would do that? Why would you escape? Was I treating you badly? Was I allowing anyone to treat you badly? I promised that no one would ever lay a finger on you. I promised that I would never harm you in any way. Why would you put your life in danger just to run away from me?”
I felt my throat closing as I listened to his words, looking at him, not knowing what to say. So I said nothing.
“We agreed that you would stay here and we would pretend we were happily married for six months and then you would go. I thought you wanted to save Janna’s life? And for your information, your nephew’s or niece’s as well! If you didn’t want to, why did you tell me you were okay with it? Why? Why fool me? And then jeopardize your life that way?” He pressed his lips into a tight line, his eyes glowing with anger, but a controlled anger. “Just one thing I really want to know more than anything: I told you all about the secret tunnels. You knew that one of them ended very close to the airport and a car was covered there ready to be used in case of any emergency. Why didn’t you take that tunnel? Why?”
“Because I didn’t want to betray you that way!” I shouted, tears blurring my vision. 
The truth was, I did think about it, but I thought that if he’d trusted me that much, I shouldn’t violate that trust and use it for my benefit. It wasn’t right to do so, and I couldn’t do it.
The prince looked taken aback by my yelled declaration, keeping his eyes locked with mine for a few moments, then shook his head. “You confuse the hell out of me, Princess,” he said in a low voice. “Most of the time I think I understand you, but then you do or say something and I just…you confuse me,” he repeated. “You made a deal with me to stay here for six months, and then you escape. You said you would help cover for my sister to save her life, and then put it in danger along with yours. You knew about an easier escape route, but you didn’t use it, so as not to betray me even with everything you did. You told me to pretend that the kiss I shared with you never happened, and then you came and kissed me, just like that.” He let out a sarcastic chuckle, “Or was it a part of your ‘Let’s make a fool out of Mazen’ plan?”
“I wasn’t trying to fool you,” I said in a low voice, and he gave me a look of disbelief. “I really wasn’t,” I insisted. “You’re right, escaping that way was a mistake, even if I didn’t care for Janna–which is not true, by the way–I should’ve thought about the baby inside of her, not because it’s my blood, but because it’s a baby, innocent in all of this. I just wanted an out, I wanted to go home, the thought was consuming me to no end. When I saw an out, I couldn’t not take it. I wasn’t thinking about it from all angles, I admit. You could say I was too caught up in the motion, I wasn’t really thinking.”
“I’ve noticed,” he said, and I frowned. “I don’t mean that in a bad way, but really, you just don’t think about a lot of things, and I keep trying to understand you or why you do it, but...” He shook his head. 
“Like that day we went out, you brought back roses for Mona to apologize for yelling at her. I told you to keep our sneaking out a secret, and you did, to a point. You just didn’t think of the fact that Mona would wonder where you got those roses from–which, by the way, we only grow that kind in the stable garden, and certainly not in our sunroom. She would eventually put two and two together and know we went to the stable.”
Oh, snap! I really didn’t think about that! His words made my eyes widen.
“You did it with good intentions, that I’m aware of, so it’s fine. Lots of things you did were the same way, but this?” He threw his hand in the air in an ‘I don’t know why’ motion.
“I just wanted to be safe again!” I tried, my voice low and my eyes looking away from him.
‘‘Safe?” he said in shock. “You weren’t safe in here?”
I didn’t reply.
“I know with everything your brother did you were not feeling secure, and I know my mother didn’t make you very comfortable with her words, but...I promised you, Princess. I promised to keep you safe. Did I do anything that made you not trust me? Why can’t you trust me? Just give me one good reason why!”
A tear escaped my teary eyes, and the truth escaped my trembling lips. “You’re a Muslim. I can’t trust Muslims, that’s why.” I turned away, my back facing him, I couldn’t risk seeing the look of hurt I knew would be there, caused by my words. I’d never liked the sight of him being hurt, and didn’t think I ever would.
“Huh? Seriously, Princess?” The hurt was truly evident in his voice. “Because I’m a Muslim? How judgmental and prejudicial could you really be?” His voice raised a bit, and frustration hardened his tone, along with…distaste. Might even be disgust. “First you call me a filthy Arab, then you say you can’t be friends with a Muslim, and now this?”
I couldn’t take it, I wanted to tell him, I wanted him to understand. I couldn’t stand the fact that he would think I was like that for nothing: I had my reasons. I wanted to tell him…but, the words wouldn’t come out. They just wouldn’t.
“You don’t know anything about me,” I said with a shaky voice.
“And I did tell you I wanted us to get to know each other, but you didn’t want anything to do with me, of course–because I’m an Arab Muslim.”
A battle was happening inside my head. I wanted to tell him everything, I wanted to explain myself; I hated being judged so much. He didn’t know the truth, or why I was like that towards him and his people…or race, for that matter. But I’d never talked about those things. Only a handful of people knew of my story, and I didn’t know if it was a good idea to share such a thing with him.
“You were away from the palace for only half an hour before you were brought back. Only half an hour. Do you realize what that means? It didn’t work. For one reason or another, it didn’t work,” he said. “It would’ve never worked unless I was involved in it. I would’ve made your departure successful and safe! Had you told me you weren’t okay with staying here for those six months, I would’ve found a way out. I would’ve still found a way to save my sister, one that didn’t involve you. I would’ve come up with something. I’ve done it before, and I would’ve done it again,” he paused, “But you lied to me, making it even more difficult to try and cover it up.”
Tears streamed down my cheeks; the pain in his voice all the while he was speaking wasn’t lost on me. The silence lingered, and the tension that was surrounding us grew thicker, and when I heard his frustrated and impatient huff, I just had to tell him. Everything.
“My parents–God rest their souls–were very busy people,” I started, trying really hard to control the shaking in my voice. “They barely ever had any time for me or my brother, but when they did, they made it the best: always making up for the time they spent away, always doing their best to let us know that they were busy like that only for our sakes, to provide us with everything we might ever want and more–and we got used to it. We accepted it.” I knew that the prince was probably wondering why I was telling him that, but he didn’t say anything, he just let me talk, and talk I did.
“When they were away, they didn’t leave us to be raised by a nanny, they left us with our grandparents, my mother’s parents. They were loving and caring more than I could ever describe. I loved my parents dearly, but I loved my grandparents even more, way more.” I sighed. “Joseph was always a huge bother for them: pranks, tricks, troubles, you name it. My parents had to send him off to a private school, leaving me alone with my grandparents since I was only five years old, and I think their love for me was doubled after that day. After all, I got all of their attention.
“My grandmother was my life, and my grandfather was my soul. Though he was working, he always made sure to drive me to school every single morning. When he would stay all night at his office until morning or when he would go in earlier than usual to work, he would have his driver take me to his work place, and then he would take it from there and still drive me to school himself.” I swallowed thickly, my heart thumping hard in my chest, the worst memory of my life nearing my head, and the feel of an approaching panic attack threatening to consume me.
“One day–a day I’ve been calling The Black Day since I lived it–he had to go in early, and the driver took me there, near the building where we usually waited for my grandfather to come and take me. My first class started at nine o’clock; we were very late and I was annoyed by that fact, but I knew that my grandfather would somehow drive me in on time. The driver left the car, but I could see him as he took a few steps away from it, leaned on a wall, then lit a cigarette. It was only a minute or two later that I heard the most horrible sound I’d ever heard in my whole life, the sound of an explosion, a loud thud, glass crashing and steel twisting.” My voice cracked and my tears stayed fresh on my cheeks, my arms coming to hug my body, trying my best to keep myself as calm as possible so I could finish saying what I wanted him to know.
“I think I could never tell you how scared I was, seeing everyone running around me, screaming. The driver nowhere to be found: he ran or something, he was just...not there. I didn’t know where to go or what to do. I could only hug my knees to myself and cry and shake…and watch.” My breathing started to become uneven, and I still tried my best to control it. By that point, I didn’t even think about what the prince was doing behind me anymore or if he was listening or whatever. I was nine years old again and trapped in the car, watching with teary and terrified eyes as people ran, shouted, cried and screamed.
“Papa!” My voice was panicked and my breaths were shallow, fear filling my insides and tears filling my eyes.
“Manon.” His voice was very low and his breaths were barely there. Worry filling his words, and an undeniable sorrow was in his tone.
“Papa, I’m so scared, please come here already.” Begs and pleas.
“I’m afraid I won’t make it this time, Sweetie-Pie.” Gasps and sobs.
“No, no, Papa, you have to come here, you have to.”
“Papa loves you so much, Manon.”
“My grandfather called me, his last words were that he loved me, calling me with the name that I never allowed anyone to call me ever again. It was ours, and I made sure that it stayed that way.” A wave of longing hit my heart; I missed him so much, it hurt so badly. “And when the call ended, the scene around me just didn’t, nor did the fear in my heart.”
The space between the backseat and the passenger seat felt so tiny as I slid myself down there, my eyes refusing to obey my mind’s order for them to close tightly shut. They stayed wide open, watching in terror all of the horrible things happening around me.
My tears blurred my vision, and somehow I was grateful for it, because the sight would be cloudy for a moment, preventing more horrible things from entering my mind. But it would clear again way too soon when my tears would escape my eyes.
The smell of something metallic burning, all of the smoke up above that I could see through the window, filling the place around the car, my hands too shaky and too scared to leave my knees and close the opened window, my head moving frantically to the sides, my body pulling up to see something, then curling down when the ‘something’ caused me to scream with closed lips, too scared to even open my mouth. Wanting to be found yet so afraid, that being lost and forgotten would be better, because the world outside of the car was too terrifying to even think about leaving.
My grandpa had never lied to me. Never. But I kept wishing that he had finally done so. That he’d lied when he told me he wouldn’t make it. That he would come eventually and end this nightmare with his warm smile and loving hug.
“Do you have any idea how I felt as I watched people jumping from the building to the ground? Right before my eyes, I saw it all. And when I heard the second explosion...I couldn’t stop the shaking in my body after that, I was literally vibrating,” I rubbed my throat with my hand, desperate for the tightness in it to lighten a bit, just a bit so I would be able to talk, and I think it worked. Just a bit.
I could never, ever forget the bloodcurdling screams I heard coming from thousands of New Yorkers as the first building collapsed. I could never forget how much it hurt as I kept screaming and crying for Papa to come and save me while I watched more horrific moments and witnessed the most awful thing you could ever see in your life. I could never forget the smell of dirt, smoke and ashes that filled my lungs to the point it was a miracle I stayed alive.
Maybe I passed out, maybe I didn’t. Maybe it was mere hours before I was found, but it still felt like ages and ages. Maybe I wet myself. Maybe I lost my voice screaming. Maybe I was blinded by the gray dirt that filled everywhere. Maybe I grew deaf from all of the sirens going off around me. Maybe I was nothing but a ball of frightened feelings and a broken heart. But I still felt it all, I still had it all: tough, rough, ugly and agonizing.
The fireman that saved me looked like an alien to me. He was covered in dirt, gray from head to toe, his clothes had some tears in them, and maybe even blood–I couldn’t tell through all of the ashes covering his body. I didn’t want to go with him, but was too weak to resist. When he carried me while shushing me, I found a hint of comfort in his arms and even in the roughness of his dirty uniform against my face. My nameless, faceless hero who took me to a safe place where I was taken care of, he might as well have been an angel God had sent to me, for all I knew.
“My grandmother never left my side after that. She walked us through our loss, held my hand all the way, made sure that I knew who’d done this to us, who was responsible for my Papa’s death, and their religion and their roots. I was never able to go to school again. She homeschooled me, taught me almost everything I know. Her first priority was that I stay away from even learning anything about those who’d killed my grandfather other than just that: they killed him,” I choked out, my lips trembling and my voice cracking.
“I admit that before I came here, I didn’t know anything about Muslims other than they kill in the name of their religion. I didn’t even know the name you call God. I’ve learned a lot,” I said. “I admit you were good to me, you treated me with respect and...care. You were so patient with me even when I was so awful to you. I know we made a deal, but I just knew that I couldn’t trust you. I couldn’t tell you that I couldn’t stay here. I thought you might do something bad to me if I didn’t go along with it. And when you promised to keep me safe, I wanted to believe you, I really did, but...it’s inside of me, I couldn’t help it. I just had to not trust you, and the first chance I saw to go home, I just took it,” I cried.
It was only then that I felt his hand touching the back of my elbow softly. He held it and forced me gently to turn around to face him. Though I did turn around and face him, I still wouldn’t look in his eyes–couldn’t, not even when his fingertips touched my chin and raised my head up slightly.
“Look at me, Princess,” he whispered softly, his voice so, so close, causing a wave of calmness to wash over me. Like magic, it was just like magic. “Please, look at me.”
I did. His eyes held something heavy inside of them, something warm, like sunshine. Something tender, like butterfly wings. Something passionate, something…caring, curing, loving.
“If I’d known you didn’t want to stay, I would’ve come up with something else,” he repeated his words from earlier. “I swear to God, I would’ve never kept you here for even one day if I’d known you weren’t okay with it or didn’t want to do it.”
He swore!
“You’re not held prisoner here, Princess,” he said sincerely, his thumbs removing tears as he hugged my face with his hands. “If you’d told me or even given me any hint that you really wanted to leave, I would’ve helped you with all I could to get you back safely to your country, I swear. I would’ve figured out something, I swear I would have. I knew you weren’t very happy about staying here, but I thought you wanted to help. I didn’t know you didn’t want that at all.”
I nodded my head frantically, tears falling, lips pressed into a tight line and eyes fixed on his, my heart believing him, but my mind judging me and calling me stupid.
“I’m so sorry for what you went through,” he said, honesty dripping from his voice. “I’m even sorry I can’t find a better word than ‘sorry,’ but I swear if I had the power to turn back time and save you from going through all of this...I would’ve done it in the blink of an eye. I swear.”
I don’t know if it was me who threw myself into his arms, or it was him who pulled me to his body, but I just knew that in that moment I found myself hugging him so tightly, and him doing the same. I was crying so hard into his chest, and he was soothing me, hushing me, his hand smoothing my hair, and his heart sending calming waves to mine.
“I–I didn’t want to tell you a sob story, I j-just wanted you to understand. I’m not judgmental, I’m not racist,” I sobbed and tried to defend myself. “Muslims took my grandfather away from me, they killed him. I can’t trust Muslims, and all Arabs are Muslims, or so I thought. I can’t trust Arabs as well, I just can’t.” I sounded hysterical even to my own ears.
“Shhh, Princess, it’s okay, it’s okay,” he soothed, kissing my hair with the most tender sensation you could ever feel, and then resting his cheek on the top of my head, hugging me tighter. “You can trust me, you can, you know you can.”
And he was right, I always knew I could. I just didn’t want to. But after last night and what he’d done, after this morning and what he’d said…I did.
I trusted him.


My eyes closed, my heart settled down a bit, and my tense body relaxed in his arms. The feel of his body pressed against mine that way did such wonders in calming me that I almost hummed, or maybe I really did, but it was quiet even to my own ears.
I liked it there. In his arms. I liked his hug. I liked his closeness. But most of all, I liked what I felt. The same thing I always felt whenever he took me in his arms. But this time it was double. A bit more than double, even.
Safety and comfort.
A moment later, my eyes snapped open, and I was suddenly aware of what I was really feeling. Something flashed in my mind, telling me how wrong I was for doing what I was doing. What I was feeling. And I had to pull away, instantly feeling empty and missing the sound of his heartbeat thumping against my ear as I pressed my cheek to his chest.
My back faced him as I turned away from him, and my hand came up to touch my temple, rubbing it softly. My head was pounding and my heart was hurting. In my ears, I could hear the sound of my grandmother as she told me how disappointed in me she was. If I didn’t know any better, I would’ve sworn I could see the judging look in her eyes: judging me for being a traitor, to her and to my grandfather’s memory.
I felt his hand pulling me to him again. He was silent this time, didn’t tell me to look up at him or gaze into his eyes. He just held my face between his hands, and gave me all of the time I needed until I looked up on my own and stared into his beautiful green eyes.
“Stop running away from me,” he whispered softly. “Stop running away from me, Beautiful Princess.”
My eyes welled up with tears, and I closed them, freeing a lone tear that told of the struggle inside of me. I think he was able to see clearly how I was at war with myself with how I was acting; he was that smart, I knew he was.
Maybe I confused him a bit, but now after hearing my reasons and why I felt this way towards him and his people, I was sure he knew it wasn’t easy for me to admit, even between me and myself, that I trusted him.
“Talk to me.” His voice was a hushed whisper, tender calmness and quiet coolness.
My eyes opened and found his again, getting lost in them instantly, my heart warming at all of the beautiful feelings they were sending me, and all of the kind words they were silently telling me.
“Tell me all about it, Princess,” he breathed. “Tell me everything you feel, tell me what’s in your mind.”
“I want to trust you,” I said, still not able to voice that I did trust him, still not able to admit it aloud, “But...I feel like a cheater.”
“Because of your grandfather?”
I sucked both of my lips inside of my mouth, took a deep breath in through my nose, let it out, then nodded.
It was the prince’s turn to nod, but his nod was in understanding, not in response like mine was. He moved my hair out of my face and offered me a small smile. “Would you like to sit down?” he offered softly.
I nodded again, and he led me to sit on the nearest couch, sitting beside me then taking my hand in his–which I gave him willingly, was comforted by it even.
“We’re talking about 9/11, huh?” he asked, and my chest swelled just hearing the date.
“Yeah,” I said in a quiet voice, then started chewing on my bottom lip.
The prince nodded; apparently he had remembered me telling him about my first panic attack happening almost fourteen years ago, and with what I’d just told him...he put two and two together.
“I remember that day very well,” he said. “It was a horrible thing to watch, my father was really pissed, called it animalistic act.”
“He did?” I wondered, a hint of surprise lacing my voice. Yeah, the king was nice, kind and seemed like a great person, but was he really mad or even frowned upon it?
“Yes, Princess,” the prince replied, “I think the entire world was, not just my father.”
“Well, not Muslims.” I shook my head, then rested it on the back of the couch, sighing. It just couldn’t be that they were upset; I found it unbelievable for any Muslim to be.
“Yes, we were,” the prince insisted. “Princess, the ones who did that...I have a hard time calling them humans, let alone Muslims.”
“Really?” I looked at him. “You’re telling me your religion doesn’t tell you to kill? Please!” I rolled my eyes. He couldn’t just convince me otherwise; I knew that to be a fact about Muslims: they kill in the name of their religion.
“It does,” the prince replied, “but only when defending your life, your family, your land, your money, and only if your life was threatened in those cases–not innocent people who did nothing to you.”
“They were innocent,” I nodded, feeling the ache in my chest as I said the words. “They had no right to kill them.” A tear escaped my eyes; the pain of that loss had never ever lessened through all of these years.
“Princess, don’t always look at Muslims to judge Islam. Muslims are humans: they make mistakes. Look at Islam, it’s from Allah, and it’s perfect,” he told me, and to be honest, I had to think for a minute about those words.
Humans make mistakes, it was true, but their religion…I mean, just look what they wanted to do to his sister.
“And it tells you to kill girls for making mistakes?” I asked, not waiting for him to answer, for I knew he couldn’t–I’d just proved him wrong.
“It doesn’t, Princess,” he replied. “It’s a sickening tradition that God only knows how much I wish to wipe out of the kingdom forever.”
“You’re a prince, you’re the next in line to be a king. You can.”
“I’ve told you before, Princess: we only obey rules, we don’t make them up, not even my father has the power to do that,” he paused. “Well, he does, but people’s reactions could be really bad.”
“Or could be really good,” I said. Something in me wished so hard that they would do something about it. It was such a bad thing, and the excitement I felt at it being true, that they might stop doing that, was so great that my stomach fluttered at the thought.
The prince sighed. “Could be. Back to the topic we were talking about,” he said, maybe trying to avoid talking about Honor Killing any further–or maybe not, I didn’t know. “I was ten when it happened.”
“Yeah,” I said, not really getting the why he was telling me his age at the time.
“I was only a kid,” he said, once more pointing out his age.
“What are you getting at?”
“I’m trying to let you see that it wasn’t me who did it,” he replied, and I looked at him as if he had two heads.
“I know that!”
I think…
“It wasn’t me, or the rest of the one and a half billion Muslims on Planet Earth, Princess,” he said. “And I can assure you that all of us are ashamed of the fact that those people called themselves Muslims, because if they truly were, they wouldn’t kill an innocent soul. They never would, not even one, let alone thousands.”
I sighed. “Yeah, maybe you’re right, but...I just find it really hard to believe.” I pressed my lips into a thin line and shook my head, looking down at our joined hands resting on the prince’s knee, my eyes following the soft, slow and soothing motion of his thumb over the back of my hand.
He’s a Muslim, of course he’d say something like that…I thought.
I’d been told all of my life the exact opposite of what he was telling me now. Removing all of that and just replacing it with what he was saying wasn’t the easiest thing to do, not at all. The prince was an honest and noble person, so he couldn’t just be fooling me–but, it was still so hard to believe him. It was just me.
“I know,” he said. “I know it’s hard, but I hope that someday you can believe me.” He didn’t sound disappointed in me or anything like that. He was actually very patient, like always, and his lips held the soft smile that I’d grown so fond of over the past few days.
I rested my head back on the back of the couch once again, but this time my face was turned toward the prince, my eyes gazing at his, my fingers tangled with his own, and my thoughts busily trying to figure him out–or at least trying to make up my mind on all of these feelings I was having about him but didn’t like to admit.
One more time, his hand pushed a lock of my hair out of my face and behind my ear, his eyes staring deep into my own for a moment too long before he said, “I’m sorry I said you were judgmental and prejudicial. I guess I needed to find a black key myself.”
His words reminded me of the ones he’d said to me the night before last, right before I fell asleep.
“May you find the black keys, Troubled Princess.”
“What do you mean by a black key? What does ‘Black Keys’ mean?” I frowned slightly.
“You don’t know?” he asked.
“Not really, no,” I admitted.
“Knowledge is the key, Princess,” he said. ‘‘The mind has blank, dark and empty spots when it doesn’t know about something, and knowledge is the key that opens the door to fill this empty space. Once you find that key, you see rooms and rooms in your head brightening with the knowledge you just found. That’s why people say ‘I was in the dark regarding this or that’...meaning they didn’t know about it,” he explained.
Huh!
“I see. But...what makes them black?” I wondered.
“Knowledge is all around us, keys waiting to be found. They’re easy to see and use, but not when they are black, because in the darkness, you can’t see black items. Only if you know in your heart that they’re there you might find them, and to find them, you have to work hard. Those keys are there, and at some point they were easy to find, but assuming and judging made them black. The kind of knowledge that those keys give you has to make it to your heart first to be able to pass through to your mind.”
“Wow, that’s really...wise.” I said for a lack of better word, and got lost once again in my thoughts, thinking about what he said now and before, about the black keys and if I really needed to find them myself like he’d told me the other night when he thought I was asleep.
Was it really true that I had black keys around me that I needed to find? But if it was true, why would I need them? Would they give my mind peace? Would I then be able to be friends with him? With any Muslim? Would I be able to accept them? And Arabs? Did I even want that? I didn’t know. I just wondered, always coming up with something that meant, to me, that I didn’t want them. I didn’t want those black keys, maybe I didn’t need them at all, maybe I didn’t even have them. I was just as confused as ever and I didn’t like the feeling.
I had to admit that since Janna had told me about what Prince Fahd did to her, slapping her across the face and wanting to kill her, I’d only thought of him as that bad, illiterate savage who didn’t care about his sister’s safety and well-being as long as his country’s traditions remained obeyed. But after Mona told me the truth behind his actions, my thoughts changed, and just like the prince had described, it was like something brightened in my mind at the awareness of the situation from another side. Maybe that was a black key and I had found it. But I didn’t think there were any more black keys to find and put in my head–or were there? I seriously had no idea.
I thought I might have dozed off for a bit, because I was sitting on the couch, buried deep in my thoughts and wondering about all of the feelings I was having from here and there, and the next thing I knew was the feel of the familiar touch of his hand over my hair, massaging my scalp softly, oh, so very tenderly. I was still on the couch, but my head wasn’t resting on the back of it like earlier: it was now pretty much lying on the prince’s lap. From the feel of the tingling on my temple, I knew it had been this way for a while.
“Hey,” I heard him saying, and I looked up at him, finding him smiling. I smiled back and got up, back into a sitting position, rubbing the sleep out of my eyes, but it was no use: I was pretty much sleepy, very sleepy.
“Hey,” I said back, “I guess I dozed off a bit.”
“I guess I finally managed to bore a girl into sleeping,” the prince smiled. “Thank God I was only talking to you; otherwise I would be very insulted if you slept while we were doing something else,” he–to my surprise–joked.
I chuckled and playfully punched his shoulder, my sleep-fogged mind drifting to draw an image of what he’d said. I was actually shocked that I didn’t find that image disturbing at all. But then the thought of him getting back to his playful and light nature–joking around with me and slightly teasing–made me smile widely at the idea that maybe everything that had happened last night would be forgotten soon, or already was, and I wouldn’t feel any impact from it.
“Sorry, I’m just really sleepy,” I told him. “Haven’t slept all night.”
“It’s okay, you can go back to sleep. I don’t mind,” he smiled.
“Nah, I guess I’ll go back to the bedroom. It has been a very long night.”
“Tell me about it,” he sighed.
“Won’t you get some sleep yourself?” I asked.
“Not now, I can’t sleep before I’m told that Janna has landed safely,” he said. 
When I looked at him without a reply, he continued, “She’s on her way to the US.”
“Oh,” I said, trying to hide the fact that I already knew that, and hoping that I was successful. “Okay, I’m gonna go get some sleep.” I smiled and got up, feeling my head spinning suddenly, making me sway a bit.
“Whoa!” The prince was standing by my side right away. “Easy there. Are you okay?”
“Yeah,” I replied. “I think I got up too fast, or I’m just really, really sleepy.”
“Let me take you back there,” the prince said, and didn’t wait for me even to grasp what he was saying. The next thing I knew, he was carrying me bridal style, taking me back to our room.
“You like doing this, don’t you?” I teased.
“You have no idea,” he smiled brightly and I chuckled, pressing my head to his chest even more, seeking warmth, comfort and safety–all of the things that his closeness always provided. And I did feel it all, in those moments it took him to carry me from the living room to the bed, where he tucked me in like you would a little baby. So kindly and sweetly.
When he was about to step away from the bed, I pulled him by the hand, stopping him, swallowing thickly before I let out the words I knew I should’ve said long ago. “I’m sorry,” I said, and not surprisingly, the prince looked surprised. I could clearly see it, when his eyes widened slightly and his eyebrows shot up towards his hairline. “For everything that happened last night, me leaving that way without saying anything other than lying to you. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to hurt you, or anyone else, or even to cause you any trouble. Please, forgive me,” I told him sincerely.
The prince was silent for a moment before he brought his free hand–that the one I wasn’t holding in mine–to touch my cheek tenderly. “There’s nothing to forgive, Beautiful Princess,” he said. “I completely understand. I didn’t before, but now I do–and I don’t blame you for wanting to leave.”
His reply, though reassuring, made a new thought occur to me. Now that he knew I’d wanted to leave all along, and had sworn that he wouldn’t have made me stay had he known I didn’t like it here...would he send me back to the States now?
The answer to that was obviously ‘yes’ and just realizing it made my stomach twist in a unpleasant way. Of course he would send me back now. He said he would’ve come up with something else had he known I wasn’t okay with staying here.
Oddly, I found that I wasn’t that attached to the thought of leaving the palace anymore, and that perplexing thought was more confusing than anything else. But then I got even more confused when I started wondering how long it would take him to come up with something to let me leave, without making anything look suspicious to others about my departure. I found a part of me wishing it would take him long enough for me to be able to gather my thoughts together. After all, why would he want me here if his sister was finally safe, as well as her reputation?
My stomach twisted again.
“Wait,” I said when he was getting up, stopping him once again. When he looked at me, waiting to hear what I wanted to say, I didn’t really know how to say it.
A moment or two passed before I found the will to tell him, “That kiss I gave you before I left? It was real.” For some reason, I begged with everything in me for him to believe me. Even if I wasn’t able to believe what I was saying myself, or found it hard to admit it, I still wanted him to believe me.
The prince kept his eyes locked with mine for a few seconds before his lips drew a soft smile and then he leaned down and pressed those beautiful lips of his to my forehead, kissing it softly before pulling back the slightest to look closely into my eyes.
“I know that very well,” he whispered. “Sleep now, My Princess.”
At that moment, I found that of all the words he’d used before; ‘My’ was the best word he’d ever chosen to put prior my title.


The smile I had on my lips as I fell asleep was still present when I woke up a few hours later.
Light was still shining from outside the window, telling me that I hadn’t slept that long, but I didn’t feel the need to go back to sleep. I sat up on the bed and looked around, finding the room to be completely empty.
I stretched in bed, rubbed the sleep out of my eyes, then called, “Mona!”
Less than a minute later, she was knocking and then opening the door. 
“Good afternoon, Princess,” she smiled. “Can I get you anything?”
“Where’s the prince?” I asked, covering my mouth with the back of my hand as I yawned.
“He’s in the living room, Princess,” she answered. “I’ll go call him if you wish.”
“Nah, it’s fine. I’ll do it in a few minutes,” I told her and she smiled. “I’ll use the bathroom and freshen up a bit. Could you please bring me one of those beautiful dresses I saw in the closet?”
“Yes, of course,” she said, “Right away.” She disappeared into the closet and I got off the bed and went into the bathroom, doing my thing. Mona helped me into a dress similar to the ones I’d worn the past few days, but this one had a ridiculously big sweetheart neckline that showed a heck of lot of cleavage. It fitted above the waist, and the rest was a loose, silky, floor-length skirt covered with another layer of chiffon, colored the same shade of mauve as the rest of the dress. It had wide sleeves that gave the whole dress an even more elegant look to it. I liked it a lot.
Mona brushed my hair for me as we made small talk about the incense she was going to use for the day. I couldn’t tell what most of the scents she named were, so I asked her to stick with what she’d used the past two days.
She then told me that food would be ready soon and I thanked her before she left the room, closing the door behind her.
I checked myself in the mirror, being very aware that that dress definitely made my breasts look bigger. My diamond cross necklace just looked perfect with anything I wore. Smiling, I went to the secret door into the living room and opened it, stepping inside.
The prince was sitting in the same armchair he’d been sitting in earlier, his head leaning back as he breathed evenly with his eyes closed, seeming to have slept while sitting there.
He looked...adorable, a term that I was pretty sure this powerful man in front of me wouldn’t like to hear me saying out loud about his looks.
I found myself smiling sweetly as I studied his beautiful face. His jaw was simply perfect, and his cheekbones still called to me to touch them, kiss them even. They just looked so soft and...touchable.
On his lap lay a few papers that had things on them I couldn’t understand, scripts and patterns I didn’t know what they meant. I briefly wondered if he was writing in his diary or something, but they were papers, not a notebook. The blue ink pen was still in his hand, his knuckles had a light shade of blue bruises on them and I wanted to kiss it away.
I reached to take the pen from his hand, but just an inch before my hand touched the pen, the prince’s hand caught mine and he grabbed it hard, holding it in place. I yelped when his grip on it tightened, as he jerked his body up in a split second to stand fully on his feet.
His already wide eyes, that were staring at my equally wide ones, grew even larger when he realized it was me he was holding by the hand. He let out a word that sounded like a curse before he instantly loosened his grip on my hand, but didn’t completely let it go.
“Princess!” he said, taking my hand and bringing it to his mouth to kiss the back of it. “I’m sorry.” He kissed the inside of it, “I’m so sorry,” before rubbing my wrist where he had gripped.
My shock was replaced with the warmth that his kiss sent straight to my heart, and the calmness that washed over my every sense. I smiled at him, reassuring him that I was fine. “I’m sorry I startled you,” I apologized with a soft voice.
“No, it’s okay, I don’t know how that happened,” he said, cracking his neck on both sides.
I smiled. “You’re human; humans tend to sleep every now and then, you know?”
His smile was kind when he returned mine, and then he brought the back of my hand to his lips and kissed it again, rubbing it one more time before letting it go. He got down on one knee and collected the papers off of the floor, then went to do the same thing he’d done to the papers when he taught me about the secret passageways: burn them in a trash can.
When he was done, he said, “I wonder what time it is.” I replied that it was almost three, for it was two-thirty before I came into the living room.
“You should get some sleep,” I told him.
“No, it’s a good thing you woke me up, I should pray before I miss it,” he said, rubbing the back of his neck. “I’ll be right back.” I nodded, smiling, wondering if he’d noticed my dress or was going to comment on it–something in me wanted to hear a compliment from him, which was so unlike me. It was never something I’d wanted. I knew I was beautiful, and I never fished for compliments from anyone to prove to myself that I really was–but it was different with him.
Sighing, I went to the window and gazed out of it, my thoughts worrying me a bit. I wanted to follow the prince and watch him while he prayed–because I liked doing that so much–but I stopped myself. Something was changing inside of me, my feelings and...my views.
It was like I wanted him to stay close, very close. I didn’t want him to be in one room while I was in the other–a fact that I was a little bit aware of even before I’d tried to escape. Even then, I’d known that I was keeping the pain I was feeling, at the thought of never seeing him again, blocked away until I got back home where I could think clearly, and cry freely.
It was like I wanted him to always look at me that way he looked at me: kindly, smiling, and even admiring, as I liked to think. Because when his eyes held other emotions than that, it felt like I would do anything in my power to make him like me again.
It was like I wanted to hear him calling me Beautiful Princess more than calling me just Princess, and I actually wanted him to call me his princess more than calling me anything at all.
I was developing feelings for him–of that I’d become very aware–and the thought was very worrying. Not because of what he was, or who he was, but because I’d never allowed anyone to have that kind of power over my heart, over me.
I’d liked someone before, and had admired another, was maybe head over heels for yet someone else, but for the prince? It was something stronger, much stronger. That wasn’t only worrisome, it was actually scary. Because if that ended, I wouldn’t handle the heartache very well. I had never been able to, and I knew that with him, it’d be even harder, almost impossible to get over.
Oh, God! Did I just say ‘if that ended’ and not ‘when it ends’? That’s not good.
“Princess?” The prince’s voice brought me back from my thoughts, and I turned to see him standing beside me, a smile on his lips and warmth in his eyes. “Welcome back to Earth.”
I returned his smile. “Yeah, I didn’t hear you coming.”
“What were you thinking about?” His smile remained as he asked me the question softly, the sun’s rays shining from the window and into his eyes, causing them to sweetly narrow a bit, and for the green in them to brighten even more.
You.
I shrugged one shoulder, because the answer to that question wasn’t something I wanted to say. Then I asked, “Any news about Janna?”
“Yeah, they stopped for fuel a few hours ago,” he said. “She’ll land in an hour or so.”
I nodded, pursing my lips, and then fidgeted with the sleeve of my dress as I gazed out the window. I wanted to know about her condition so badly, but I knew I couldn’t ask him that. I figured I’d just ask Mona later when the chance arose.
“Why didn’t you wear something more comfortable, Princess?” he asked. “No one is visiting us today.”
“Um…I–uh, I just thought it looked nice.” I twisted my lips to the side and looked away, hoping the embarrassed blush would go unnoticed.
“You look stunning in anything you wear, Princess,” he said. My embarrassed blush turned into a shy one, deepening even more and causing me to look down while smiling bashfully. But then, the prince’s hand touched mine and he held it, causing me to look up at his face. “But I have to admit that this–” he brought our hands up and made me spin in my place, showing off my whole dress to him with a grin plastered on my face, “makes you look exquisite.”
I giggled softly and bit my bottom lip, and his hand pulled me closer to him.
He put his other hand on the middle of my back, then kissed my hair. I closed my eyes and sighed, wishing he’d leave me there for a few moments–or a long while, because I liked his closeness so much, more than I liked to admit.
I didn’t get my wishes answered, though, because we heard a knock on the door the next second, and the prince pulled his head away slightly. “Come in,” the prince called.
Mona entered, and her smile grew, then she looked down, the smile still on her face as she spoke. “The food is ready; where should I put it, Your Highnesses?”
“Wherever the princess prefers,” he said, smiling down at me as he spoke.
I smiled back. “Here would be fine. Thank you, Mona.”
“My pleasure, Princess,” she nodded before leaving the room.



“You seem distant,” I told the prince. The whole time we ate, he smiled and would comment now and then on this or that, ask me if I liked the food and so on, but then he would space out and it was like he wasn’t even in the room.
“Yeah, sorry about it,” he said, rubbing the back of his neck, then relaxing back into the armchair he was sitting in.
“What is it?” I asked him, folding my legs underneath me as I adjusted myself on the couch right next to him.
“It’s just...lots of things are on my mind,” he sighed.
I wanted him to tell me, to talk to me, but didn’t know how to tell him that. I didn’t know if he trusted me–not after what had happened, anyway. “What were you writing on those papers?” I tried to circle around the idea, hoping that he’d tell me what was occupying his thoughts this way on his own. 
“I mean, if you don’t mind me asking.”
“I don’t mind.” he said, and the words “my thoughts” were his answer.
“Your thoughts?”
“Yes.”
“Why write them down on paper if they were in your head?” I smiled, the space between my eyebrows wrinkling in confusion.
“Because they seem clearer that way, Princess,” he smiled back as he answered. “You have no idea what a huge mess my mind is nowadays, and I really want to do the right thing regarding everything and…everyone,” he said.
I put a hand under my chin and leaned my elbow on the arm of the couch, looking deeply into his eyes. “What’s bothering you so much?” I asked.
The prince sighed again. “Lots of things, too many to count, but what worries me the most is Janna.”
“Oh! But we were just informed that she landed safely,” I reminded him, though I doubted he’d forgotten that.
“It’s not only about that. Princess Janna is...troubled,” he said, and I realized he didn’t want to tell me about her suicide attempt.
“She’s been through a lot; she has all the right to be.” I said.
“I know, I just...worry about her a lot,” he told me. “She’s my baby sister.”
“You’re a wonderful brother.”
“Am I?” he asked. “Why do I feel like I’ve failed her then?”
“Failed her? How come? You gave up lots of things for her,” I reassured him, surprising myself, but blaming it at the same time for being so stupid when I thought for a split second that he could even think of killing her–and then actually accusing him of doing it.
“I don’t know, Princess,” he started. “We’ve been best friends since forever. When I had to leave for school and couldn’t keep my eye on her like I had before, we talked every day on the phone. The last few months before I came back, she seemed different, but I didn’t dwell on it. I should’ve known better. I can’t help but feel as if I couldn’t protect her well enough. If I’d been here, none of this would’ve happened to her,” he paused, his eyes focused on mine. “But I believe God has a plan and everything happens for a reason; I simply can’t feel at ease about it, is all.”
“You can’t blame yourself for what happened,” I said, my chest aching just thinking of the possibility of never meeting him if things weren’t the way they were right now.
“I feel like...if I’d been here, if I’d talked to her more, if I hadn’t made her feel so bad about what she’d done; she wouldn’t…” He sighed, and I understood that he seriously wasn’t going to tell me about what had happened. I wondered if it was a trust issue, or because he didn’t want me to feel guilty about it. I decided it must be the latter, since he was already sharing so much with me, something that made me want to hug him tight and never let go.
“Last night was...it was really bad, Princess. I might’ve lost her for good, something I would never be able to live with. She was so depressed, so broken. But then we talked...and I saw it right before my eyes as she brightened, as if talking to me was all she needed to feel better, to think better. Though I’m happy I got her to see things more clearly, I’m devastated that I didn’t do it long ago, and that I actually punished her by giving her the cold shoulder, making her feel as if I’d cut her out of my life.”
I felt so sad for him, for her, for everything. I wished I could make it better, but...I’d actually made it worse, or at least caused them lots of trouble they didn’t need on top of everything else they were already going through. I wanted to help, and I actually realized that I wanted to stay–six months wouldn’t be so bad.
I could make it, I told myself. But a part of me knew I wasn’t going to do it only for Janna’s sake, but for mine as well. The same part wondered what would happen when the six months ended and I would have to go back to the States, leaving him behind and never seeing him again.
The thought was disturbing.
“And then there’s Yoseph,” the prince continued. “I keep asking myself if it was the right thing to have her leave the kingdom and be with him. I mean, just the thought of what he did to his own sister…” he shook his head, his lips pressed into a tight line.
I had to say something. I had to help him put his mind at ease. “Listen, it takes a whole lot for me to say this, but it’s the truth: Joseph is a good person,” I said, my heart not forgiving him, but my tongue speaking the truth. “He loves Janna so much, I’d never seen him that crazy about someone before. He made lots of mistakes, he made some very bad moves, but it was all for her, to save her life. He did that to his own sister because he loved yours beyond words, don’t you think?” I told him almost the same words I’d told Janna just few days ago, and for the same reasons: to reassure and comfort.
The prince looked at me for a moment or two before nodding. “That’s very close to what I told her, because she didn’t even want to go. She blamed herself for all you’ve gone through because of her, but God knows even saying that was hard, let alone actually believing it. But it helped ease her pain a bit, and that’s all that matters,” he said. “I made sure she’ll get the best medical and mental care over there, but it’s still not easy.”
“She’s going to be okay,” I assured him. “Joseph will take good care of her, I know he will.”
“He has to, if he wants to keep his balls attached to his body,” he said sternly, then he smiled sheepishly for what he’d said. “Pardon my French, Princess.”
I actually giggled at that, shaking my head, and a minute passed in silence. I missed his voice in that minute; I wanted him to speak nonstop. It was crazy that way.
“Tell me,” I said, “have you ever done that before?”
“Done what, spoken in French?” he grinned.
I narrowed my eyes playfully at him, and he chuckled.
“No, Princess, never,” he said. “But last night? I was really close.” The seriousness in his tone was actually scary, as if he really meant it.
“Oh!” I said. “The guard?”
“Huh! He wishes!”
My eyes widened. “Seriously?”
“Trust me, Princess,” the prince said.
“Because women are so underestimated around here?” I wondered. It was what I’d heard.
“Absolutely not!” he replied instantly. “Women are like precious jewels: handled with care, protected, cherished–he surely is not a diamond!”
His words warmed my heart, but still… “Huh! Why was dressing him in women’s clothes the biggest insult to him, then?”
“He’s a royal guard–was: they are known for their power, strength, masculinity,” he said. “Nothing would be more insulting to an Arab man, let alone a royal guard, than questioning those things, Princess. This way, everyone who sees him will know he couldn’t protect a woman, making him less of a man than people thought he was.”
One black key: found.
“I see,” I said, a bit embarrassed for assuming the worst. I remembered when the queen told him that maybe he wasn’t man enough for not sleeping with me yet, and how she’d said it in my language so I would understand it, so he would be humiliated even more. I remembered how it upset him so much to hear those words, that he needed some time by himself afterward. She questioned his manhood, and it was certainly insulting to him, an Arab man, though I doubted any man wouldn’t be insulted by something like that. 
“Then who?”
“Jasem.” He said it in a way, you’d think it tasted bitter to even pronounce his name. “He crossed many lines.”
“Has he always been like that?”
“Since forever,” the prince replied. “He was after Janna when he found you, and the fact that I don’t know the reason why is driving me insane, let alone that he knew when the limousine left the palace. It’s really disastrous to think that he might have a spy in here.”
“You really have a lot to deal with, so much weight on your shoulders,” I said softly.
The prince smiled a small smile, shaking his head slightly. “Royalty is a dirty game, Princess,” he said, then he rubbed the back of his neck again.
“Is your neck sore?” I asked, imagining that not sleeping in a bed the past few nights and then nodding off in an armchair earlier surely had taken its toll on his neck.
“A bit,” he said.
I got up and his eyes followed me as I moved to stand behind his chair. I put my hands around his neck tenderly.
“What are you doing?” the prince asked.
“Shhh, relax. I’m giving you a neck and shoulder massage. I have magical fingers,” I grinned with pride.
“You don’t hav–… Ohhh!”
Gotcha!
I smiled softly as I felt his tense shoulders relaxing right beneath my fingers. He really was very tense and I seriously felt bad for him. The poor guy’s head was just as he’d said–messy, maybe even a lot more than mine, too many thoughts. He had a lot to take care of, a lot to deal with. He was responsible for so many things already, with even more responsibilities to come after he would be crowned king. It was far too much.
He leaned his head back and closed his eyes, enjoying my touch as I worked my fingers on his neck, rubbing all of the tight muscles and tense spots, enjoying the contact and his relaxed breathing as he reclined even more in his seat.
“You really know what you’re doing,” he said softly, and I smiled widely.
“Mhmm,” I replied, touching his jawline with my thumbs, starting from behind his ears and going all the way forward until they touched at his chin. I repeated it, when I noticed from the way he breathed and hummed softly, that he was enjoying it the most.
I made the mistake of letting my gaze be averted from focusing on the spots my fingers were massaging to his beautiful features. My God! He was utterly attractive and simply breathtaking, and I wondered how I’d spent so many days doing anything other than staring at his face.
I didn’t notice that I’d stopped my hands’ movement on his neck until I found his green eyes opening and staring at my blue ones.
He didn’t say a word, but his eyes spoke tomes. I was sure he was able to hear what mine were saying very well.
I wanted to kiss him. I wanted to stop myself.
I wanted to press my lips to his. I wanted to move away.
I wanted to let him know about my new feelings. I wanted to never speak.
I wanted to get lost in his eyes. I wanted to be safe.
But then I realized, safety was in his closeness.
I bent my head down slightly, my hands still on his neck. My eyes were watching his and his were watching mine upside down. My hair made a curtain around our faces, and passion made a halo of mixed feelings and blank thoughts around us. With no more hesitation, I decided to go with what my heart was begging me to do. I touched my lips to his warm, welcoming ones.
I kissed him.
Hard.
Tight.
And sure.


The kiss was upside down.
My feelings were upside down.
My thoughts were upside down.
My whole world was no better: it had turned upside down as well.
One wave after another of bright feelings and soft emotions ran through my body as we kissed. My mind was warming and my heart was heating up; something was changing, lots of things. I found that I wasn’t that scared anymore, I wasn’t that unsure anymore. Yes, I was still a bit confused, and I was still very unsettled about my feelings towards him, but...it felt good. Like, a wonderfully amazing kind of good.
And I wanted more. I wanted it to never end.
The prince’s hands covered my own over his neck, just the slightest movement of his thumbs over them encouraged me to deepen our kiss. It grew even hotter, more needing, more searing. It was perfect. Just like any other kiss we’d shared, but this one...this one had a different meaning–to me at least. I knew that my statement this morning about the kiss I’d given him before I left and how real it was made him aware of the fact that I’d started to have feelings for him, but...kissing him this way would tell him more. I knew it would. 
A part of me was hoping it would tell him that, this time, I was truly okay with going along with our plan, and I would stay here those six months without us having to talk about it, because lots of things inside of me were unsure and confused. I feared that if we started talking about it, I’d say I wanted to go, because it was the thing my mind wanted the most. 
My head started to spin, and I got dizzy just being lost in the sea that was kissing the prince, tasting him and feeling his passion, so I pulled away, panting, my vision hazy and my legs more like jelly than flesh and bones.
His eyes opened again and they caught mine. I watched as his tongue darted out to lick his lips, then he sucked his bottom lip into his mouth for a second as if he was gathering all of my taste from his lips.
My knees almost gave out at the sight and the thought.
Moments of silence passed and our eyes remained locked on each other’s, my hand still touching him, and his hand still covering mine, until finally...he spoke. “What is it you’re doing to me, Beautiful Princess?” hushed whispers were his quite voice, tender gentleness was his soft tone.
I didn’t reply; I only stared even deeper into his eyes for a few more moments before I straightened up and walked around to stand in front of him. I moved his hands off his lap to rest them on the arms of his seat, my eyes never leaving his wondering ones. And then, I placed myself where his hands had been: I sat on his lap, and even made myself comfortable.
I wasn’t very surprised when he didn’t react right away. He was shocked by my actions, but he recovered quickly, and I felt his arms surrounding my body, holding me to him, pretty much hugging me. I rested my head on his chest, closed my eyes tightly shut, drowning in an ocean of kindness, safety and security. 
I then looked up at his eyes and finally told him what I wanted him to know, what I truly felt. “Your closeness comforts me,” I admitted.
His smile was soft, kind, and despite his heartbeats that I could hear racing under my ear, he whispered, “And yours does the same to me,” causing even more calmness to wash over me.
I nestled my head even more into his chest, my arm wrapped around his neck, my nose inhaling his scent, all sandalwood and wonderfulness and him. My eyes closed as I enjoyed all of the good feelings his closeness offered.
We stayed like that for a while, his hand playing with my hair softly. Every now and then his lips would touch my forehead gently to place a warm kiss that caused my heart to flutter and my stomach to do a little flip.
It still amazed me how he could be so forgiving towards me. I had hurt him a lot and caused him troubles, with both my words and actions, yet... he was always so understanding and accepting, even when I didn’t apologize or explain. He was something else.
“Do you–” I tried to ask, but I dreaded the answer, so I stopped.
“Do I what, Princess?” he asked in a quiet voice, his hand that was playing with my hair now moving to rub along my arm tenderly.
“Do you regret teaching me about the secret tunnels?” I asked.
“Not for a second, never,” was his instant reply. “Why would you think I would?”
“I lied to you, for example?”
The prince sighed. “Listen, Princess, your safety is too important to me. I’d do anything in my power to keep you safe and sound. I’d even go beyond that if I could as long as you are protected, and if–God forbid–something happened here and you weren’t able to escape just because you didn’t know how, I’d never forgive myself,” he said sincerely, and I smiled a small smile.
“Why was my life in danger then?” I asked. “I thought that it was because you’d taught me about those escape routes. Or is it that I’m not allowed to leave the palace without permission? Was that breaking the law or a rule?”
“No, Princess, it’s not like that,” he started. “Just think about it, you’ve only been here a few days, you’re a bride, you just came into our lives, living in the palace, and then you escaped that way. Of course the first thought that would come to my parents’, or anyone’s, minds is that you were an intruder who’d learned something important and then fled to use it for whatever reason. Anyone would think of you as a spy or something of that sort. That is why your life was in danger.”
“Oh, my God!” I gushed. “I never thought of it that way.”
“It’s okay. It turned out okay, thank God!”
“But...how could you not regret it?” I wondered. “I did know about things that were really important and then tried to escape. Only you know that truth. How could you not think that I was truly a spy, and even cover up for me?” It was beyond my understanding how he could not.
“I know you are not, Princess,” he said. “Do you think we’d allow Yoseph into the family without looking very deeply into his background–and his parents’ even?” Oh! “Beyond that, I actually told you enough to keep you safe, but only that. You don’t know of the paths to my father’s wing, you don’t know how to enter the palace from the outside. The system is very complicated, you can only get in with the code you got out with, and if you weren’t in this wing and used its doors, then you can’t get in from outside. The codes always change as well, depending on the number of doors you used to go out and which ones.”
Holy Mother of Christ!
“That’s…” I couldn’t find the word.
“Complicated,” he smiled.
“Understandable,” I said, my mind in a fog just trying to process everything he’d said. And...I failed miserably.
A quiet silence and calm tranquility fell upon us. Time passed while I stayed in his arms, liking his touch, loving his tender kisses on my forehead and adoring the sound of his heartbeat under my ear. I kept my eyes closed and I almost fell asleep, but the prince said he had to get up to pray. I almost asked him not to, but I knew I couldn’t say that; so I got up, and then he did as well. Before leaving the living room, he placed yet another kiss on my forehead, renewing the argument I had inside me to ask him to stay. But still, I fought it and let him go without saying anything, knowing he’d be back in a few minutes anyway.



We talked a lot that night. As a matter of fact, we barely stopped talking at all. I learned a lot about him, and he learned a lot about me.
He still had two years of specializing to do, but wasn’t so sure if he could do it. He told me he’d had to go through a lot to convince his mother to agree to let him leave the country to study abroad. She disliked the idea of him being so far from the kingdom and leaving most of his responsibilities towards his country for his brother to do. She disliked the fact that he was studying something that wouldn’t serve in his position as the future king anyhow, but he said that helping people was something he had always wanted to do–not just ruling and guiding, even if that was what he had been raised to do all of his life.
I told him that he should consider psychiatry: he always knew the right thing to say, always knew how to comfort and solve problems. It was just the right thing for him, in my opinion. Heck, he was able to spread calmness over my heart faster and even better than what my therapist had for all those years. It made him beam, then he spaced out, as if he was really considering it, or at least thinking of the possibilities, because it seemed like his duty towards his kingdom was preventing him from doing anything further than that, just like he’d told me.
I told him about the company, about my parents, about my life in New York. It was kind of embarrassing how very boring my life was; it was only work and more work. And before I had to take care of the company, it was studying and more studying. I had no time for friends, and my family was only my grandmother and my parents, but after the loss of my parents...I didn’t even have a grandmother anymore. Well, not that much. 
Still, the prince seemed really fascinated by everything I was saying. He hung on my every word, told me how impressed he was by my accomplishments and all I’d done for the past year. He liked that we were still able to complete the project of having a branch in the kingdom that my parents had started, and that we still kept the branches in London and Paris working as well as before and even better, making me feeling less pathetic about my non-existent social life. 
He was that nice, and like always, he knew the right thing to say. 
Our talk was easy, sweet, and I liked it a lot. But it also made me feel sorry for the past several days I’d spent feeling too much fear to actually enjoy them. But...I don’t think I could’ve ever helped it. Everything was new to me. I was forced to marry a stranger and my brother put a gun to my head…it was difficult. It was still difficult, but easier. A lot easier. I was actually enjoying myself.
Later, when Mona brought us food, it looked amazing and delicious as always, but…
“I miss pancakes,” I said. We were just about to eat, neither of us had started eating yet.
“Oh!” the prince said, “I don’t know if my mother knows how to make them or not, but I could have Mona ask her to make you some. She’ll figure it out.”
“No, no, it’s okay,” I smiled, but then thought for a moment. “Uh, can I make some?” 
“Pancakes?”
I nodded.
“Yourself?”
I nodded again, smiling widely.
“Now?”
I had to chuckle. “Yeah, I really want some.”
“Isn’t it an American breakfast?”
“Um…it’s morning in America,” I grinned.
The prince chuckled and it was music to my ears, shaking his head. “I don’t know, Princess.”
“Is it breaking a rule? Because I assure you, I’ve been ‘spoiled rotten’ enough since I got here,” I tried.
“I don’t mind at all, Princess, but you have to convince Mona. She won’t be happy with you getting your hands dirty during your first week of marriage, no matter what,” the prince grinned.
“I know how to be convincing,” I said with a smug look on my face, making the prince chuckle again, and then we went to the kitchen–me, readying myself for a big argument with Mona.



“It is not appropriate, Princess,” Mona said with wide eyes and shock as if I just told her I’d be torturing puppies, not making pancakes.
“Oh, please! It’ll only take ten minutes,” I said.
“You tell me how to do it, Princess, and I’ll do it with pleasure,” Mona offered.
“Five minutes,” I tried, desperate.
“I promise I’ll try my best, Princess, just tell me how.” Mona was just as desperate.
I looked over at the prince who was leaning his shoulder against the door frame, hands in his pockets, watching us as he tried to stifle his laughter. “Aren’t you gonna help me out here?”
He raised his hands in front of him in surrender. “It’s your war, Stubborn Princess.”
I narrowed my eyes at him playfully, and he chuckled, and then I had to beg Mona some more. I almost thought of bribing her with more hair brushing or something, but thought that would be very silly of me.
Eventually, Mona gave up and let me do it, but all the while she kept asking if she could do this or that herself. I let her help a little only to put her mind at some kind of ease, and she was really happy about it. Rolling up my sleeves for me neatly seemed like some kind of pleasure to her; it was sort of funny, she was just too nice.
To my surprise, the prince wanted to help, as well. Mona didn’t object at all, which I told her was so lame of her. She just smiled and then even laughed at how clumsy he was. He had the cutest smudge of flour on his nose, and both Mona and I snickered at the sight of him.
“What?” he asked, completely unaware of the reason why we were grinning so much.
“You have flour on your nose,” I giggled.
He quickly rubbed it off, but only managed to put more flour all over his nose and cheeks. It was seriously the most adorable thing I’d ever seen; he was a know-nothing, whether it came to cooking or rubbing off flour. 
“All gone?” he asked.
“Perfect,” I gave him a thumb up, and Mona turned her back on him so she could hide her laughter.
“It’s all over my face, huh?”
I nodded, bursting out laughing at his reaction, and completely loving how easy spending a day in the kingdom had become, wishing I’d learned I could smile and laugh earlier than that. It would’ve saved me so much heartache.



Mona was really touched when I made her a plate. It made me smile to see how little things meant so much to her, and I kept it in mind to do more nice things for her later. She was such a sweet person.
What I enjoyed the most were the prince’s pleased humming as he ate the pancakes I’d made. I smiled with pride as he kept going on and on about how delicious they tasted, telling me that the ones he’d eaten in the UK weren’t at all the same, stroking my ego just the right way. I loved it.
We were sitting on the couch in our bedroom. I fed him a tiny slice of strawberry and smiled when he fed me a piece of his pancakes with his fork, trying to convince me it was the best in the whole world, as if it wasn’t the same thing I had on my plate. 
It was all so good and sweet, until I saw a drop of syrup on his chin. Then it turned even better.
“You have syrup there,” I told him, pointing to my chin, the same place he had the syrup but, just like with the flour, he completely missed it.
I had to do it myself. With my lips. Because the idea sounded so good in my head. I just had no idea that the prince’s reaction to that would be catching my lips and locking them with his in a heated kiss that almost made me faint.
His lips were hot against mine, soft and tender, yet firm and demanding. It was sweet like any other kiss we’d shared, but this time there was something different. This time it was like he was hungry, thirsty, but not for food or a drink. For me. He wanted me, and that thought drove me insane, because I wanted him, too. So much, indeed.
His hand wrapped around my throat, his fingertips at the back of my neck and his thumb just under my chin, his fingers warm and his lips warmer, his touch gentle and his tongue gentler, his breath hot and his kisses even hotter. I was melting. 
My hands found his hair and he groaned into my mouth for the first time when I pulled slightly at the hair on the back of his head. The second time he groaned was when I straddled his legs and sat on his lap, this time facing him, my body flush to his, and our lips embracing each other like long lost lovers.
I felt the heat spreading all over my body, starting from my cheeks and down to my core. I was vibrating from the inside out with need, desire and…and…something. Something was bursting inside of me like a wildfire, demanding my attention, telling me of new feelings I’d never felt before; uncontrollable emotions and sentiments that I was too distracted by our kiss to even care to think about.
His hands were all over my back, pulling, squeezing, stroking, driving me mad with undeniable lust. I wanted him to touch me more, and everywhere.
His lips pulled away from mine, both of us panting and flushed. But, just as I was about to start missing the feel of those lips, he started kissing my neck and then down to my collarbone, his breath fanning over my neck, and over the wet spots his tongue left as he tasted my skin. It felt so good that all I could do was to throw my head back to give him better access, moan breathlessly and tug more at his hair, at the same time holding his head in the place where I liked to feel his tongue the most, behind my ear.
It was heavenly good.
“Princess,” he breathed into my ear before kissing me right under it at the edge of my jawline. “Beautiful, beautiful Princess.” His whispers were as hot as his hands that I wanted to feel even more of. I wanted to feel him, all of him.
“What should I do to you, My Beautiful Princess? What should I do to you?”
Kiss me.
Hug me.
Touch me.
Oh, please, touch me.
I could only moan in response. In the next moment, the prince’s hands were running over my sides, tightening a bit as he moved me slightly away from his lap. I was about to protest and demand the same closeness again, only to have him push me gently over onto my back, bringing his body to hover on top of mine, as our lips stayed busy with another burning kiss.
The feel of his body over mine was something I couldn’t describe. I already knew I’d never felt as safe or as protected as I felt in his arms, but this...this was way beyond feeling safety and protection. This felt as if I was outside on a rainy night in the cold and finally found shelter.
He was my safety. My comfort. My protection. And my shelter. My very secure and care-filled shelter.
His lips were on my neck again, kissing, licking and sucking tenderly, but with enough pressure to tell me exactly how much he desired me. Maybe just as much as I desired and wanted him, though his arousal that was grinding the slightest bit on my thigh was enough to make me aware of how turned on by me he really was.
My hand reached for the ends of his shirt and I pulled it up and over his head, wanting to touch more of him, and to feel his bare skin with my hands. He helped me with it and then threw it to the floor before returning to his sweet assault on my neck and collarbone. 
I enjoyed the groans that he let out every time I moved my hand over his back, chest and abs. I enjoyed feeling him so close to me. I enjoyed hearing his whispers, ‘Princess, Princess, Princess.’ And I loved it when he panted, ‘My Princess.’ It made my stomach flutter, my heart beat faster, and my need for him grow stronger.
“Is this–” he panted, “Is this okay?” His hand was touching the top of my shoulder where he had pulled my dress aside a little to bare it a bit and taste it with his lips and tongue. Now he was tugging at the dress a little more, asking my permission first before going any further. 
I let my eyes do all the talking before I finally confirmed it by nodding my head. It earned me a passionate kiss from him as his hand went to the side of my left breast, and I felt him fumbling a little before I realized that he was pulling down a thin zipper that I hadn’t even known was there, releasing it when it reached my side by the edge of my ribcage. His eyes were hungry and lustful as he looked down at my purple lace bra, which was doing very little to hide my erect nipples.
“So beautiful,” was all he said before his lips sucked on the skin at the swell of my breast, causing my eyes to roll back in my head. Then, when he pulled down my bra cup and his tongue touched my nipple, I just couldn’t control my moans any longer.
“Oh, God! Yes!” I gasped.
He swirled his tongue around my nipple before he sucked it into his mouth while his hand fondled my other breast, only leaving it to do the same to my other nipple, making me moan even louder. My hands pulled his head closer to my chest, arching my back to feel him even more–if that was possible. I brought my left leg up and put it around his back, because I couldn’t help but want to feel his arousal somewhere other than on my thigh and leg. This way, I had him right where I wanted him the most. Once he felt what I wanted him to feel, he grunted around my nipple and bit it, causing me to cry out in pleasure and to pull on his hair even more.
His hand found the side of my bare thigh, where my dress had ridden up when I put my leg over his back, and he started rubbing it softly, stroking my skin and kneading my flesh with his hand while spreading kisses all over my jawline. My nipples were over-sensitive from his assault on them and rubbing against his bare chest as he ground his arousal right over my center.
I was close. So close. And I didn’t want him to stop. Ever.
His hand touched the string of my thong over my hip, and he was just about to pull it down. He had it in his hand and everything, he only needed to tug a little and it’d be down my legs, but then his hand, his lips, his grinding...everything just stopped.
 He stopped. Just like that, he froze in place. 
I opened my eyes to look at him, my vision unclear and my body calling to him, only to feel him lifting himself off of me, saying a word under his breath that I couldn’t understand because, though it was too quiet, I was sure it wasn’t even English. He sat back on the couch and looked down at me, his hair wild from my hands and his lips reddish from my own. His eyes held an expression I’d never seen in them before, or maybe I had. Was that...guilt?
I sat up and held my open dress over my chest, covering myself. We were both still panting and our chests were heaving with the gasping breaths we took. My eyes questioned his own guilt- and shame-filled ones, but he only replied to me by completely removing himself from the couch after murmuring, “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.” That was about all he said before disappearing into the bathroom.
What the…?


I turned on the couch, touching my feet to the floor, with my hand still clutching the dress to my chest, my mouth agape, my eyes wide and mind confused. I stared at the closed bathroom door. For ages. 
What on earth was that? We were–… And he was–… And I was just so–… What’s his problem?
When I felt like I’d wondered enough and there was no point in pondering it–even more because everything led to a dead end when I searched for an answer or an explanation for his actions–I got up, adjusting my bra back into place only to have my dress fall to form a pile around my feet, leaving me wearing only my bra and panties.
I was too pissed to care, to be honest, and just kicked the dress away and walked over to the bed, hiding under the covers and getting lost in my thoughts and feelings. 
I felt...rejected, and I had no freaking clue why he’d just stopped that way, feeling all guilty, then apologizing before disappearing into the bathroom and taking his sweet time inside. It felt like it had been hours since he’d gone in there.
I lay on my side and stared straight ahead at the window. The night was dark, and the slight wind was ruffling the light curtains slowly.
I kept thinking of all of the possible reasons why he’d acted that way, coming up with one scenario after another to answer the questions in my head.
I thought that maybe he’d thought I wasn’t okay with it? But how could he think that way? I was the one who’d started it, I was the one who’d straddled his lap, and I was the one who gave him her ‘Yes’ when he asked for permission. How could he think that I didn’t want it, and that he needed to apologize for it? No, that couldn’t be it.
My mind tried to think that maybe he hadn’t liked doing that with me. Maybe I felt wrong to him? Maybe he wanted someone else? Something else? But, no. I’d felt it. I’d felt how much he desired me and how much he wanted me.
Just thinking of the possibility that he might really still be engaged, to that girl who looks like an angel but speaks like the devil, tied my stomach in knots, because the guilt in his eyes had no other explanation than that he felt as if he was cheating on her with me, or something along those lines. The thought of how good he was, how it was very clear that it wasn’t the first time he’d touched a girl that way–his hands and tongue belonged to an expert. The fact that he knew of a zipper in my dress that I didn’t know anything about, and how he might have dealt with something like that before, made my chest tighten and ache at the same time. It wasn’t a nice feeling...at all.
I knew he’d never had sex with anyone before, because he told me it was a grave sin in his religion to have sex outside of marriage and he wouldn’t do that. Just the thought of him fooling around with someone else almost made me lose my mind with the amount of jealousy I was feeling–which was very stupid of me–but I couldn’t help it.
I hated that I might not be good enough for him. I hated that he might not be able to trust me after what I’d done, even though he’d said he understood my reasons. I thought maybe he needed someone of his race and beliefs, even if he was very open-minded about our different cultures and religions. Maybe he needed someone who spoke his language, someone who addressed him with ‘Your Highness’ and ‘Your Majesty’ while meaning it, and not actually mocking him like I once had.
Maybe it was just that...he loved her. 
My stomach twisted even more, and I swore I could feel my heart as it clenched in my chest. I started biting the inside of my cheeks, a nasty habit that I’d always had when really, really nervous about something I couldn’t control. After what felt like two years and three months, the prince came out of the bathroom. 
I didn’t move. 
I heard him as he opened the door to the closet, and went in there, staying for longer than anyone would need to get dressed, and I realized he must be praying – though he wasn’t praying in there that much anymore, nor had ever taken so much time...or maybe he was just avoiding me.
I hated that idea. I hated that what had happened, which I thought was so sweet and lovely, had turned us all awkward around each other, or worse, caused me to deal with his silent treatment or whatever. I hated it.
Sometime later, I heard knocking on the door. Surely it was Mona, and I had no doubt that she was here to take the unfinished dinner dishes away, but I was too frustrated, pissed off, and confused to even find the heart to reply to her. I thought maybe the prince would do it. But he didn’t. Mona knocked two more times before she gave up, and I didn’t hear anymore knocking after that. 
Later, the prince finally came out, going to the couch where he had slept more than one night, and where we were just making out, lying there while I pretended to be sleeping.
It upset me. A lot.
Somehow, somewhere in the back of my mind, I wished he would sleep in the bed with me. After all, it was a king-sized bed, too big for only me, and was made for the two of us. But I figured that after the first time I’d woken up here to find him in bed with me, and how I’d reacted to that, was enough to scare him away from ever sleeping on that bed again.
I sighed softly and hoped for sleep to come soon, so my mind would stop going in a million directions just for a few hours.



“Princess?” I heard the quiet voice calling. “Princess, please wake up.”
“Hmm?” I replied with closed eyes. Sleeping felt so good, I missed it and wanted to go back to it right away.
“Princess?” the voice tried again. “I have to go in a minute.”
That woke me up.
“What?” I asked sleepily, my voice harsh from sleep. “You have to go?” I saw that the prince was dressed the same as he had been when he first met me, the same as the wedding night: all in white with the white-and-red thing he wore on his head.
“Morning, Princess,” he smiled tenderly. “Yes, it’s Friday and I have to go to pray.”
I sat up, ignoring how his eyes drifted away when my bra-covered chest was on full display as the covers dropped down when I moved. “What? Why can’t you do it here?” I asked, holding the covers to my chest so he would look at me again. I tried my hardest not to feel so bad about the fact that he didn’t even want to look at me that way, as if I were a stranger to him, feeling the panic as it started to make its way to my heart at the thought of him leaving the wing.
“It’s an obligation, Princess. We must go to pray and listen to a lecture every Friday,” he explained, his eyes looking into mine again.
“What about the seven-day rule?” It was only the sixth day.
“No rule comes before God’s laws.” he said quietly.
I swallowed, frowning, wanting him to stay, but not knowing how to tell him that I was scared of him leaving me alone. I only felt safe with him close by. I just looked at him with longing, begging him with my eyes to stay, to understand what I wanted without me telling him so.
“It’ll only take two hours maximum, Princess,” he said, reassuring me and promising, as if he was able to read my mind and what I wanted to tell him. “There are guards all around the outside of the wing, it’s completely secure and safe. Don’t worry, okay?” 
I nodded slowly, still not liking him to be away.
“If you need anything, just tell Mona,” he said and got up, my eyes never leaving him. He then bent down and kissed my hair, not even my forehead, not even touching me with his hands, and it was upsetting. He smelled so good, I wanted to hug him and beg him to stay, just like a little kid. “I’ll be back before you know it.” His smile was soft, sweet, but the elephant in the room was too huge not to make him all awkward around me, as he was now.
I nodded again, still too upset to talk; watching him leave the bedroom almost brought me to tears. It was silly. Sure, I could go two hours without him. Or at least, I would try.
“Mona!” I called, moving my hand down my hair and rubbing the back of my neck.
“Yes, Princess,” she smiled brightly once she stepped into the room. “Can I get you anything?” She brought me fluffy slippers from underneath the bed and put them beside the bed on the floor, near where I would put my feet once I got out of bed.
“What time is it?” I asked, stretching, not caring about my nudeness in front of her.
“Eleven-thirty.”
“Ah! I overslept,” I said, getting out of bed. Mona hurriedly brought me a silky blue robe that was on the hanger beside the window. As she helped me put it on, I noticed that her eyes were on the bed, looking closely as if she was searching for something.
I shrugged it off and asked her, “Prepare me a bath, please.”
“Of course,” she said and started making her way to the bathroom before she stopped and turned. “Um, do you wish me to put some herbs in the tub, Princess?” she asked, a soft smile on her lips and a pink blush on her cheeks.
I frowned. Why would I want herbs in th–…Oh! 
“No, Mona, that won’t be necessary,” I replied, realizing that she thought I’d had sex with the prince last night, and that was why she’d been eyeing the sheets a minute ago–maybe because of how I was dressed, or because I’d ignored her knocks last night, or whatever.
Nothing happened! Was what I told her between my words, and I knew she heard it well, because her smile fell before nodding and going to make me the bath.



“Is the masjed far from the palace?” I asked Mona, as I sipped on my coffee. It had only been half an hour since he’d left and I already wanted him back.
“No, Princess, it’s not far, you can see it from the sunroom, if you wish,” she told me, as she finished making the bed.
I nodded as I chewed my food hurriedly so I could reply to her. “Please!” I said eagerly.
Inside the sunroom, I stood beside Mona in front of one of the glass walls on the side, watching as she pointed out the enormous building that was the masjed. It was nearby, standing at the corner of the garden that surrounded the palace from the inside. We watched as a large number of men entered the main door. It looked like our church on a Sunday, and that made me smile, disliking the fact that I had missed it last week because it was the day of the wedding. I had no idea if there were any churches here, but doubted I could’ve understood anything anyway even if I’d managed to get to one.
I had to ask, “Is it only men who are allowed there?” because I couldn’t see any women entering.
“No, Princess, we are. It’s just...it’s mandatory for men, but it’s the women’s choice if they want to go or not.”
“Oh! I see,” was my reply.
“Ah! Finally!” Mona said after a minute of silence, making me frown and look where she was looking.
“Finally what?”
“The princesses are leaving the palace,” she pointed toward the other side, and I could see a few women covered from head to toe in black. “They’ve been sleeping over since before the wedding,”
I giggled. “How can you even tell they are princesses?”
“Oh, trust me, Princess,” she said, and then pointed, “Do you see the one in the front who’s just about to get into the car?”
“Uh-huh…?”
“That is Princess Talia, always showing a part of what she’s wearing underneath her cloak as she walks. Nobody does that except her, and she always has her younger cousins following her like sheep,” she said, seemingly not fond of her–which I liked a lot.
Talia! That was the devil’s name, I remembered.
“Uh, the prince’s fiancée, right?” I asked, my heart in my throat as I waited for her answer, because God knows if the prince had lied to me about that…
Mona looked at me as if I’d grown two heads. “Fiancée? Of course not! She wishes!” was Mona’s reply, which caused me to start breathing again. “Who told you that she was?”
“Um, when I was in the king’s wing waiting for the prince, I told Prince Fahd I didn’t want to stay alone, and he said he’d bring one of the princesses to keep me company, an–”
“And of course Princess Talia volunteered so she could bother you,” Mona interrupted, finishing my words for me while assuming correctly.
I nodded, twisting my lips to the side.
Mona shook her head. “She’s not his fiancée. Yes, it’s an unspoken rule that they should marry since her father is the next in line if–God forbid – the king passes away without his sons having an heir. It would offer the two princes the role at ruling a state or region instead of nothing if they didn’t marry his daughters, but it didn’t happen–and thank God for that!”
“Yeah, the prince explained some of it to me, but...why didn’t Prince Fahd marry one of his daughters then?” I wondered. If it was so important like Mona, and the prince before her, had explained to me, why wouldn’t the younger prince marry his cousin from that uncle, at least?
“Oh, he did. She’s younger than Princess Talia. It’s frowned upon here for a younger sister to marry before her older one, but with Prince Mazen having to delay his marriage for college and so on, Prince Fahd had to marry earlier than him, and their uncle didn’t mind at all.”
“Princess Rosanna is Princess Talia’s sister?” I asked with shock.
“Yes, Princess.”
“That means that Princess Talia is...”
“The queen’s niece,” Mona said, nodding.
“Wow! I had no idea.” No wonder the queen hated me so much.
“And she’s still waiting,” Mona said, I assumed speaking of Talia. “And since she told you that, I guess she’s still hoping.”
“Oh, you can’t imagine.”
“Did she say anything else?” Mona asked, but didn’t wait for a reply. “Because whatever she said, she’s a liar–just like her brother.”
“Brother?”
“Prince Jasem, God rest his soul.”
“Oh, God! When did he die?” I gasped.
“He didn’t, just wishful thinking, Princess,” Mona grinned, and I smiled, shaking my head.
“So, Jasem and Talia are Rosanna’s siblings,” I thought out loud.
“Yes, but Princess Rosanna is their half-sister, and you’d think she came from a different father as well, given how pure and tender she is.”
“It’s good to hear she’s different. Prince Fahd seems like a great guy; he doesn’t deserve an unkind wife,” I said.
“He is, and he’s loved her since they were little kids, but it’s a given that those kids grow up with the idea of loving each other, as they are promised to each other from birth by the unspoken rule.”
Did that mean that the prince is also… No, I won’t think that way. It hurt.
“There must be huge pressure on Princess Rosanna to carry on with this pregnancy,” I said.
“True, but the queen is not pressuring Prince Fahd to marry another. If the king passes away with only Prince Fahd having an heir, and Prince Mazen not, he’d be the one who would take the title.”
Oh! God! Too much to think about!
Mona frowned and tilted her head to the side, as if she was listening to something.
“What?” I asked her.
“I think I heard the bell ringing.” Her frown deepened. “It’s too early for lunch.”
“I didn’t hear anything,” I told her.
“I’ll go check, Princess. Excuse me.”
I nodded and then went to the bedroom. It was only a minute after, that I heard knocking on the door, but before I could reply, Mona entered, which was unlike her, to just come inside without asking permission first when she wasn’t expected.
“Forgive me, Princess, but–” She was interrupted by the door opening further, and when I looked, wheels were pushing the door open. 
I smiled broadly when I realized that it was the Queen Mother in her wheelchair making her way inside the room, blushing slightly at the fact that I was in a tank top and sweatpants–no elegant dress or twenty pounds of diamonds on me–and I wondered how indecent I looked in her eyes, with the way I was dressed.
My smile dropped when I saw that the one wheeling her inside was the queen, her face as hard as ever and her eyes looking at me as if I was something disgusting, like rotten rubbish.
Tailing the queen was a line of women I didn’t know, two of them carrying white cloths in their hands. 
I swallowed thickly, fear consuming me all of a sudden.
“Hello, Princess Marie,” the queen said, “How was your night?”
Seriously? She was asking about my night?
I tried to smile, but I couldn’t. “I-it was fine, thank you,” I replied, watching as she pointed with her index finger to the women and then to the bed. 
“Well, that’s good to hear,” she said. I was too confused to dwell on the sarcasm in her voice, as I watched the women go to change the lavender sheets and replace them with white ones.
“Uh, w-what’s going on?” Fear laced my voice.
Mona had just changed those sheets.
“Don’t worry, you just have something to prove, is all,” the queen replied.
I looked at Mona with questioning eyes, but hers were as confused as mine. Even the Queen Mother had the same look we did, though I wasn’t sure if it was because we were speaking in a language that was foreign to her, or because, just like us, she didn’t know what was going on.
“What t-thing?” My lips started to tremble as a disgusting thought came to my mind, terror filling me just thinking about the possibility of it being what the queen was talking about.
The queen didn’t reply. She offered her hand to a woman who was still standing beside her and that woman gave her a small piece of white cloth, and my eyes widened. She gave it to the Queen Mother, who frowned at the material in her hand, asking the queen a question which she replied to with an answer that made Mona gasp, the Queen Mother’s mouth drop, and a tear fall from my eyes even before hearing her response.
“Your virginity.”


My heart dropped to my feet.
“My w-what?” Another tear left my eyes.
The queen looked at me with a raised eyebrow. “Do you have any idea how much your brother and that slut’s mistake has cost us?” she asked, not really looking for an answer, but rather informing me. “Do you have any idea how much my son had to go through to take care of it?”
My eyes welled up with more tears as I listened to her, scared and feeling so helpless, not knowing what was to come for me in a few minutes when she would finish her speech.
“A lot,” she answered her own questions, and I felt my throat tightening. “The very least thing he should get in return is a pure wife, not a skank who only God knows whom she’s been with before.”
My tears flowed, and my legs started to shake. “I’ve never been with anyone. I swear,” I tried with a quiet voice.
“Hmph!” the queen smiled snidely. “We’ll see about that,” she said, and then looked at the women behind me, apparently to see if they had finished. She spoke to the Queen Mother who, from her tone and disapproving frown, I knew didn’t like what was happening.
They exchanged words back and forth and the Queen Mother’s voice started to rise. A slight ray of hope found its way to my heart as I thought that maybe the Queen Mother would prevent what the queen wanted to do to me from happening.
“My Queen,” Mona spoke, getting the queen’s attention. “If you’d allow me to speak. Prince Mazen bedded Princess Marie last night; I saw the evidence on the sheets this morning.”
I sucked my trembling lips into my mouth as I heard Mona lying for my sake. My knees were about to give up on carrying my weight and my heart was about to stop beating out of fear. 
“Is that true, Mona?” the queen asked her, folding her hands in front of her chest. “Because the way my son looked earlier didn’t look like someone who’d just enjoyed a first night, but rather like a miserable person whose marriage has cost him a lot.”
God!
“Or maybe the look on his face was because he found out she wasn’t what she’d claimed to be all along,” she said, then sighed. “One way or the other, we will see about that.”
“The prince wouldn’t allow this to happen,” I said confidently, but with a shaky voice.
“The prince and the king do what I say,” she said with a loud voice. “If you think this kingdom has ever been ruled by a man then you are highly mistaken. Any king is forever a figurehead, nothing more. Queens rule!” Her voice filled the room and her last two words were louder than the rest, causing me to flinch.
“You have to keep in mind that the prince’s heart will always love any beautiful woman,” she said sternly, “but his loyalty and devotion will only be for two: his kingdom and his mother,” and then she emphasized, “Me!”
I started having a hard time controlling my breaths. My head was spinning and my chest was heaving, my chin quivering and my heart beating faster than ever.
A woman spoke behind me, and I figured she was saying they were finished spreading the white sheets on the bed, because the queen started to speak to the Queen Mother again. It was easy to figure out that she was completely against the idea of doing this disgusting thing to me. Janna had told me that they’d stopped doing it in the royal family long ago–of course the Queen Mother wouldn’t agree.
The time they took arguing felt like hours. I just stood there helplessly, watching with terrified eyes, waiting for them to determine my destiny with tears rolling down my cheeks, wondering if I could run and use a secret door to a secret tunnel–but the queen knew them even better than me.
Eventually, the queen looked at me, pissed as ever. “The old hag won’t do it,” she said through clenched teeth. “Fine, I’ll do it myself.”
“No, please don’t,” I cried.
“My Queen, please!” Mona ran to stand in front of me, somehow shielding me and facing the queen. “Just give them some time, please,” she begged.
“My son needs an heir! We don’t have ‘some time’! And some time for what? So the witch can try to flee again?” the queen yelled, then looked at me. “Don’t you think that the little lie you told my son got by me! What could you possibly find only at the airport and nowhere else? An ‘I heart NY’ T-shirt?” she said sarcastically. “And Mona, I thought you said you saw the evidence this morning? You lying whore!”
Merciful God!
The queen spoke to the women in what sounded like an order, but as she was about to move towards me, the Queen Mother stopped her by gripping the skirt of her dress, yelling at her with hard features that looked alien on her soft, loving face.
I was beyond shocked when the queen’s next move was to kick, then shove, the wheelchair that the Queen Mother was sitting on, causing her to fall out of it onto the floor, crying out in pain.
I gasped loudly, not believing the sight in front of me. My first reaction was to take a hurried step to help her into a sitting position at least, if not get her back into the chair. But before I could reach her, I felt hands gripping both of my arms behind me, pulling me backwards to the bed. I reached with my restrained hand for Mona, who was reaching for me as well, speaking to the women in Arabic, her tone harsh, but her features pleading.
The women ignored her and went on with pulling me back. They were practically carrying me because I wasn’t cooperating whatsoever. I was only crying and begging, “No, stop! Please, don’t,” but it was no use.
“Save it, honey,” the queen said, “They don’t speak English.” She took the small white cloth from the woman who’d retrieved it off the floor where the Queen Mother had dropped it. “And even if they did...only my orders are obeyed in this palace, not yours!” 
I could see through my tear-blurred eyes as the queen took one step after another in my direction, while the women tried to pin me down on the bed I was now lying on, as I struggled and begged and screamed that I was a virgin. Mona got in her way and through her tone I could tell she was begging her just like I was doing with the women, only in a different language.
The moment Mona put her hand on the queen’s shoulder, the queen’s reaction was to strike Mona across the face really hard. The sound of the slap echoed loudly in the room, and caused Mona to lose her balance and almost fall, but she managed to catch herself.
“No, no, Mona, please, don’t leave me,” I screamed as I saw her running to the bedroom door that was wide open. When she glanced my way, she had tears in her eyes and a trail of blood down the corner of her mouth. She then hurried on her way, leaving me to face my horrible fate all by myself.
This was it, I was going to lose my virginity just like that. It wasn’t at all how I’d dreamed it would happen. I thought it’d be with someone I loved, I thought it’d be with my husband, I thought it would be on my wedding night, but no...it wasn’t going to be anything like that. I wasn’t even with a man.
When the queen reached my legs and started pulling my sweatpants down, I started kicking hard and harder. One of my kicks managed to hit her chest, but not as hard as I’d wished for it to be. However, it only earned me a curse and more pulling on my pants and hard pressure on my legs from the women to make me stay in place.
Once my pants were all the way down my legs, my tears and screams were uncontrollable. But despite how foggy my mind was, I remembered one thing that I was truly sure of: I remembered who could save me from all of this. I remembered how he would stop it all, how he was my safety, and how he was my comfort. So I cried out at the top of my lungs, wishing, hoping and praying that he would hear me.
“Mazen!” My call for him was a scream, my voice hoarse and my tone speaking of undying fear. “Mazen, please, help me! MAZEN!” A new round of tears found their way out of my eyes, as I remembered myself in a situation I’d been in before that’d had me calling the same way I was now. But that was to a man who I’d loved more than the whole world, a man who never replied to me nor came to my rescue because he was already dead, and the memory hurt just as much as the reality had.
“No, stop it!” I cried out. “Stop it, stop it!” The queen was now pulling on the side of my panties, but my arms and legs didn’t stop struggling against the five women that were holding me down. I was trying my hardest to press my legs together so my panties would stay in place.
Being that nude in front of those strange women filled me with shame and embarrassment, and my tears rolled down even heavier.
When my body started to give out, and my throat hurt so bad because of all of the screaming, I knew there was no way out of this. I even started wishing that the queen would just see that I was a virgin and not put that cloth inside of me to see if I would bleed or not. I was that desperate, but because I’d been a fighter my whole life, I tried one more time. “Mazen, please, please, please!” I pleaded shrilly. “Mazen! Help me, Mazen, please!”
It was only when I heard his voice and saw him entering the room, followed by an out-of-breath and panting Mona, that my body stilled, and my breaths slowed down just a bit. His orders, that weren’t in a language I knew, caused the women to release my hands and legs immediately–including the queen, who let go of my underwear that she’d pulled from the side down my left thigh.
I saw his eyes which were filled with shock, disbelief and anger as they traveled from his grandmother, who was now sitting on the floor, to my shaking form on the bed, and then to his grandmother again. It only took less than a second before his decision was made to come to me first, especially after his grandmother pointed to me while telling him something, as if she was encouraging him to help me first.
His yelling didn’t stop, not even when the women hurried out of the room. I pulled my legs up to my body and curled into a ball, hugging my knees to my chest as I sat on the bed, not even finding the will to try and adjust my undies back in place.
The prince’s hands pulled his mother off of the bed by her shoulders, not forcibly, but with enough pressure to remove her from the bed, which pissed her off. She started yelling at the prince, who yelled back at her with an even louder voice that was almost deafening. I’d never seen him that mad, not even when he was hitting Jasem. His face was red, and I’d bet that was what he saw as well: red, his anger causing him to forget his promise to only speak in English in my presence.
Their foreign language was scaring me most of all, because I couldn’t understand what they were saying. I was shaking. “Mazen,” I gasped his name through trembling lips, needing him near, to get her out of here, to end all of this, to close our bedroom door and to let it all be peaceful again.
He only looked at me for a second, his hard eyes too angry to soften, before he looked at Mona, who was now trying to help the Queen Mother into her wheelchair again, but failing. He told her to do something that made her leave the room, and the queen started yelling again–but now in shock more than anger.
The prince ignored her and bent down to pick up the lavender sheets that were on the floor. He put them over my body and even wrapped me with them, securing the sheets around me up to my chin. His eyes didn’t meet mine, but his scent was able to calm me just the slightest.
I saw four women entering the room, covered all in black, and the green badges on their right arms told me they were female guards. The prince ordered them to do something that had the queen putting her hands on her hips in challenge. When the guards looked at each other and didn’t move, he yelled at them. Two of them moved right away, and started taking the queen outside, guiding her with their hands, moving her as she yelled and constantly shouted at them like a mad woman.
The two other guards helped the Queen Mother get back into the wheelchair while Mona held the chair still. When she was seated, she gave me a sympathetic look with tears still wetting her face, before she said something to the prince, who was standing tall with his hands folded behind his back. He nodded without saying anything, then Mona wheeled her out of the room and closed the door behind her, her cheek swelling and her eyes crying with silent tears.
The door closed, then so did the distance between Mazen and me. He took me into his arms, hugged me tight, and I cried, only for him to hug me tighter. He rocked us gently, holding me as if I was going to disappear into thin air. He kissed my hair repeatedly, and I managed to get my hand out of the sheets to clutch at his clothes, pulling him even closer to me. 
He didn’t speak at all. He didn’t say a word, letting his arms and his heart do all of the talking for a while. My gasps quieted, but my tears never dried. Once I was able to breathe evenly again, I found myself saying, “Sh–she wanted to…” It was all I said before I started crying the ugly sobs again, realizing that this was why Mazen hadn’t said anything and had let me be. 
He hugged me even tighter, soothing me with quiet whispers, leaving tender kisses on my forehead, and sweet calmness infusing my heart. 
My lips were swelling and my nose was tingling from so much crying, my throat hurt from all of the screaming, and my body was so tired, heavy and aching from all of the struggling. Just the thought of what could’ve happened put my mind into a horrible frenzy.
After what felt like hours, my tears were nothing but slow, lonely ones, few and far between. I was still in his arms, still clutching his clothes over his chest with a death grip, still wanting his closeness like never before.
“I was so scared,” I whispered, then pressed my lips together to muffle the cries that were threatening to come out of them.
“I know,” Mazen breathed. I could sense how he was boiling on the inside just from his tone; his control over his feelings still amazed me beyond words. “She has always respected the rules and the law, and she will be punished for her actions, because she had broken those rules and laws,” he added hardheartedly.
I looked up at him in disbelief, and if I didn’t know any better, I would’ve thought that the glistening in his eyes was unshed tears. “Punished? The queen?”
“Shhh, don’t think about anything right now, Princess,” he whispered, kissing my forehead.
“I thought that… Oh, God!” I started crying all over again, but this time I went hysterical just thinking of all of the possibilities and all of the ‘what ifs.’ Mazen tried his best, pulling my hand away from his clothes and putting it over my chest, over my cross, giving me any and every way he knew would help calm me down. 
“It’s okay, Princess, it’s okay,” Mazen shushed me. “You’re okay now. I’ve got you. I’ll keep you safe. Always.”
I held my cross, but with the same hand, I clutched his clothes again. I was simply not capable of letting him go, not even an inch. Mazen started whispering things in my ear, soft words that I think rhymed with each other but wasn’t really sure, as they were in Arabic. It reminded me of the words the Queen Mother had whispered while moving her hand over my hair the first time I met her: the words that Mazen had explained to be from their holy book, verses that were meant to protect me from the evil eye. And I hoped those words that Mazen were whispering were meant to protect me from evil hands–if any.
My cries started to settle down again, as I listened to him while he whispered the quiet words in my ear, and with my cross in my hand I started whispering my own prayer, ‘Now I lay me down to sleep; I pray Thee, Lord, my soul to keep. If I should die before I wake. I pray Thee, Lord, my soul to take; And this I ask for Jesus’ sake.’
My head was heavy and when I felt sleepiness start to approach, I welcomed it with open arms. What felt like a short time later, I sensed Mazen pulling away. My head was no longer on his chest but on a pillow, though I still had the front of his thawb fisted in my hand. Without opening my eyes, I pulled him to me again, refusing to let him leave the bed, refusing to let him leave me. I only drifted back to sleep when he held me to him again and I knew he wasn’t going anywhere.



I woke up, startled at the sound of glass breaking, sitting up on the bed and searching the dimly lit room with my eyes for the source of the sound, only to find Mona by my side right away. Before she could say anything, I asked her, “Where’s Mazen?”
Before she could reply, I heard more glasses being smashed, and then heard Mazen as he yelled in agony. It sounded as if he was being tortured and the sound just broke me. 
“Oh, my God! What’s going on? What’s wrong with him?” I was about to get out of bed when Mona stopped me.
“Let him be, Benty, he needs this,” she spoke quietly, her cheeks bearing the signs of abuse and the tears of a broken heart.
“Needs what?” I asked with wide eyes, my throat aching and my heart thumping in my chest. I listened to more glass crashing and more shrieking that wasn’t even words, but more like howls of pain and hurt.
“To let his anger out, he’s seriously livid,” she said, and my shoulders hunched–understanding, but not knowing what to do and hating to hear how hurt and angry he was.
Mona poured a cup of something that looked like green tea from a pot that was on the nightstand beside me, then handed it to me. “Please drink this, Princess.”
“What is it?”
“Just something to help you relax: herbs, some chamomile and peppermint,” she said. I seriously needed something to ease the throbbing in my throat, so I took it without argument. All I could say about it was that it was warm. I didn’t know what it tasted like, or if it was bitter or sweet, because my heart and my thoughts and all of my senses were with the breaking glass that we could hear every once in a while, and the shouted pain that made feel like someone was stabbing my chest.
I listened to Mona and let him be, even if everything in me told me to go to him and hug him tightly, to lose myself in his arms, because God knows how much I needed it. After a while, I drifted back to sleep again, not knowing if it was the herbs or just my body being too exhausted to stay awake.



The next time when I woke up, the room was pitch black, the only light coming from a small lamp in the corner of the room, right above where the prince sat, taking a position that looked all too similar to the pose he’d taken on the wedding night: head buried between his hands and shoulders hunched down, all miserable and depressed. 
“Mazen?” 
At the sound of my voice, he looked at me, then stood up and lit up the room, making his way to the bed as my eyes adjusted to the light.
“Hey,” he smiled softly, the smile not even close to reaching his eyes, telling me that he only drew it on his lips for my sake. He bent down and kissed my head. “How do you feel?”
“I’m okay,” I said, because he was close; of course I’d be okay as long as he stayed near. “Did you change?” I asked. His thawb was a bit different, and there were no traces of any wrinkles where I had fisted it for hours earlier. I wondered why he was all dressed up like that, unless he was…going out. Again?
Panic started rising inside of me, but I tried my best to convince myself that he wouldn’t do that to me, not again, not after everything that had happened–I was sure. Still, I waited for his confirmation. He’d taught me that assuming and judging made things darker and harder to understand than when you searched for an answer or an explanation directly.
“Yes, Princess,” he said, sitting on the edge of the bed, facing me.
“What for?”
He didn’t reply right away, only moved his hand through his hair, seemingly as if he was trying really hard to figure out how he was going to reply to me. “I– uh...I arranged your flight back to the States,” he said, pressing his lips into a tight line, barely looking into my eyes.
“What?” I asked in shock. “What do you mean back to the States?”
“You’re going home, Princess.” He offered me another small smile that you could barely see, even while staring at him.
Home!


I felt my chest swelling at the thought, not sure if it was in happiness or sadness, and that alone was enough to confuse the heck out of me.
“Home? Tonight?”
He nodded.
“But what about our deal? We agreed I’d stay for six months, for Janna’s sake,” I reminded him, though doubting he’d forgotten about that.
“I came up with something. Don’t worry yourself about that, Beautiful Princess,” he tried to smile. “We will leave once you’re ready.” He got up, but before he could go anywhere, I got out of bed and stopped him, noticing that I was back in my sweatpants, though I had no idea how I’d gotten them back on, but not really caring either.
“You’ll come with me?” I asked. After all, he’d said ‘We.’
“Yes, Princess, I’ll accompany you to the airport,” he replied, not turning back to look at me.
Oh!
“That’s all?” I whispered my question. Was he really going to send me back home that way? Just like that? That simple? He came up with something and that was it?
“If there’s anything you need, just say the word, Princess,” he said.
You. 
I need you.
“So, you’re just shipping me back home only six days after the wedding. You’re saying that you came up with something, and not to worry myself. What could I possibly need?” I said with hurt in my voice. “You have everything set,” my voice cracked.
“Isn’t that what you want, Princess?”
“How could you even ask that?” My eyes welled up with tears. “After yesterday and the wonderful time we spent together, how could you think I’d still want to leave?”
I heard him sucking in a breath. “Because after what happened this afternoon, you couldn’t possibly still want to stay, if ever.”
“But I’m fine,” I argued. “Something bad was going to happen but it didn’t, and you saved me. It’s over. Why are you dwelling on it?”
“Because I won’t always be by your side, Princess,” he said. “You’re safer in your own country.”
But I’m safer with you.
“Yeah,” I said, my tears already falling all over again, “but did you even stop to think about how I would feel about it?”
He didn’t reply, and after a pause of silence, I nodded to myself. “Maybe you’re right, maybe I should go home. I’m just sorry it’s so easy for you to send me back home like that, after yesterday. I thought it meant something to you, but I really was mistaken.”
It was then he turned to face me, and in a split second he was right in front of me, his hands cupping my face and his eyes locked with mine. “Don’t,” he whispered, his face all pain, hurt and sadness. “Don’t go there, Beautiful Princess.” He shook his head. “It meant more to me than you could ever imagine.”
“Then why?” I whispered back, my tears blurring my vision. “Why are you sending me off? Why?”
“You’re not safe here, you have to go home.”
“I’m fine,” I insisted.
“You’re far from it,” he said. “Just look at you, look at what’s happened to you since you came here. You’ve lost weight, you’ve cried every single day–several times–you were insulted and pushed around, you’ve had two death threats and you almost faced something they call ‘Common Deflowering’–while I call it ‘Gang Rape’.” He pressed his lips together hard. “Do you have any idea how all of this is hurting me? It’s killing me, Princess, killing me!”
I put my hands over his wrists while he still had his holding my face. “Then let me stay, let everything go as planned,” I told him. “I’ll spend those six months here, and it’s going to be okay.”
“You can’t know that, Princess,” he said. “I told you: royalty is a dirty game. Everyone is lusting after the throne and searching for ways to get themselves closer to it–it’s sickening. I’ve had my food poisoned twice and my brother has been shot just an inch from his heart, my father faced an assassination attempt against him, and my mother has gone crazy with her obsession to make my life perfect, to be the perfect king for decades to come. And don’t even get me started on my uncle and cousin.” His eyes begged me to understand.
“I can’t risk anyone hurting you anymore to get to me or my father like Jasem did. He only made a scene thinking the shock would kill my father with his weak heart and bad condition. I thank God it turned out okay, but I don’t know what will happen in the future. I’m not willing to wait and see, only to end up with something even worse happening to you within those six months.”
His words were convincing, but...there must be some way. “It couldn’t go worse,” I tried.
“Stop it, Princess!” he said softly. “You don’t understand. This,” his thumbs brushed away my tears, “is hurting me more than I can explain; your tears are too precious to me.” He whispered, “Do you have any idea how I felt when the first time I heard those beautiful lips calling my name was in terror and fear, crying for help?” He touched his forehead to mine. “It gutted me, Beautiful Princess. Gutted me.”
My tears flowed in silence. I didn’t know what to say to him; I was choking. There was so much I wanted to say, and at the same time, I had no idea how to put my feelings into words. I had no idea what to say.
“Mazen,” I whispered.
“Princess. My Beautiful Princess,” he whispered, his lips touching my forehead for a moment too long and too short at the same time. When I looked into his eyes, I saw the tears rolling down from them.
“You’re crying,” I choked out, reaching up to touch his tears, just learning in that moment what precious tears really meant as I saw his.
“How could I not, Beautiful Princess?” He asked, “Do you feel this?” He took my hand that was touching his face and put it over his chest, right above where his heart was. “It’s bleeding,” he told me, his teary eyes looking deep into my matching ones, before he pulled my head to his chest, my ear replacing where my hand was just a moment ago. “Do you hear it?” he asked. “It’s breaking,” he told me, and I couldn’t control myself as I hugged him and cried for the loss of someone who wasn’t even mine.
“It’s not even slightly easy for me, Princess, but I have to let you go.”
No, no! Please, no! Let me stay, let me!
We hugged until our legs almost gave out, we cried until there was no place on our faces that tears didn’t stain, and we hated our fates until there was no way to hate them even more.
“Can’t you come with me?”
Please, please, please!
“I wish I could,” he said sincerely, “but I have a duty here, responsibilities I can’t get away from.”
I nodded in understanding, but not in acceptance.
“I wish you could,” I told him honestly, hot tears wetting my cheeks, a pleading look in my eyes.
“Maybe in another life, Princess,” he smiled sadly, “when it wouldn’t be too dangerous to be with me, and only safer away from me.” His voice broke.
I hugged him tightly. “I’ve never been safer than when I’m with you.”
“But I can’t always be by your side,” he reminded me with the same words again. Words I hated so much, it wasn’t describable. 
“So, that’s it?” I asked. “We get a divorce now?”
“We were never married in the first place, Princess,” he stated.
I pulled away and looked at him with a frown and tearful eyes. “What?”
“On paper, yes, but not in front of God,” he said. “You were forced, and in my religion, that’s a deal breaker.”
I looked at him for a moment, trying to understand.
“But just to make sure,” he said, looking at me for a moment, then said two words in Arabic, sounding as if it stung his tongue to say them. “You’re divorced, Princess.” Tears glistened in his eyes again.
I smiled sadly through my tears and nodded. “You can stop calling me Princess now.”
He shook his head. “I never called you ‘Princess’ because it was your title, Princess.” 
And that caused more tears to come. His lips kissed my tears away, and then he pressed his cheek to mine and whispered, “I’ve never yelled at my mother until she wanted to hurt you. I’ve never wanted to kill anyone until someone treated you with disrespect. I never knew what falling for someone truly was until you came into my life.”
 “Falling?” I gasped.
“So hard, Princess,” he said, pulling back the slightest bit to look into my eyes. “Can’t you tell?”
I replied to him by pressing my lips to his. I kissed him hard. I kissed him ‘don’t let go.’ I kissed him ‘let me stay.’ And I kissed him ‘please, understand.’
He kissed me back, just as hard, just as passionately, but he kissed me ‘I’m sorry.’ And he kissed me ‘I have to let you go.’
We kissed ‘Goodbye.’ Because it was our only option. A choice forced upon us.



Saying goodbye to Mona was more emotional than I’d expected, I hugged her for a long time, and we both cried heavily.
“Take care of yourself, Benty,” she said through her tears.
“You’ve yet to tell me what that word means, Mona,” I smiled sadly, my own tears rolling down my cheeks, feeling how much I was going to miss her already, this woman who held a place in my heart I’d never thought she would own.
“It means ‘My child…My daughter’,” she replied with a sad smile of her own, and it was too much for me not to hug her again and cry some more.
When I asked to visit the Queen Mother before I left, I was welcomed with open arms, kisses and more prayers which, even though I couldn’t understand, warmed my heart to the highest point.
Prince Fahd was waiting by the main entrance of the palace. He wished me a safe flight, and I asked him to take good care of Hope and Faith; I wasn’t going to take them away from their mother. He then assured me that he’d have the best people looking after the branch office until I decided what I would do with it, telling me that Princess Huda had been taking care of it for the past two weeks and would do it for as long as I wished. I didn’t even know she was doing that, though I was grateful. 
I sent the king my goodbyes and best wishes with Prince Fahd, wishing I could tell him so myself, but too afraid because I didn’t know if I would meet the queen there or not. She certainly wasn’t someone I wanted to see...ever again.
“Are you ready, Princess?” Mazen asked softly.
Not at all.
I nodded, despite myself, and Mazen put one hand under my thighs and the other around my back, carrying me bridal style, and then walked us out the door as I buried my head into his chest and breathed him in.
“The third day after the wedding my whole family came to visit you as the traditions say,” Mazen had told me when I asked what had he come up with to explain my departure from the kingdom to his people. “I told them you couldn’t meet with them because you were sick. Now I’ll tell them you got even sicker when you left the wing to visit Princess Rosanna after we thought you’d gotten better. Since then we’ve been trying different medications on you but nothing has helped, so we had to go visit your doctor in the States.”
A few months later he would say it didn’t work out and we had to get a divorce. We’d go our separate ways, like we had planned from the start, and he would take care of the paper work.
It broke my heart all over again just hearing those last words.
Outside, there was a huge gathering of black cars, one ambulance and four police cars. Once we stepped outside, the sounds of fireworks rang out one after another, and they flashed in the sky enough to light up the whole place. The sky actually brightened with the amount of fireworks they set off. 
Too bad I was too heartbroken to even smile at the sight that had always made me grin enthusiastically and scream cheerfully.
“Why are they doing that?” I whispered my question to Mazen.
“Because this is how a princess leaves, Princess,” he smiled softly down at me, even if his eyes held a fire of sadness that was even more colossal than the sky above us.
When we got into the car, Mazen didn’t let go of me. I stayed on his lap all the way to the airport, the same road I’d taken just two nights ago. The same road I’d thought to be too long then, but now seemed to be too short. The same road I never knew I’d take while starting to make my way back to my homeland–and be that depressed about it.
The hum of the expensive cars that surrounded ours was quiet and soothing, but nothing even compared to the sound of Mazen’s heartbeats underneath my ear.
He kissed my forehead repeatedly all the way to the airport, and I kissed his chest right above his heart in return, my tears never drying, nor my chest willing to stop swelling.
The car slowed down and my heartbeat raced, and I could swear I felt Mazen’s hand tightening over me a bit more. I heard the guard who was driving us asking, “Forgive me, Your Highness, is it the first or second jet?” 
“First.” Mazen replied. When the car stopped, and the doors opened, neither of us seemed to want to make a move to get out of it.
The silence that surrounded us spoke volumes about how brokenhearted and miserable we both were, that even our silence was sad enough to put me in tears which seemed to have sworn to never leave me for the night.
We got out of the car when we both knew that we couldn’t stay any longer. It wouldn’t do either of us any good, we realized. When Mazen put me down on my feet, I threw myself into his arms, hugging him and saying, “I’m going to miss you, Mazen.”
I miss you already.
He sucked in a deep breath. “I’m never going to forget you, Princess,” he replied. When we pulled back to look into each other’s eyes, I saw his bloodshot ones through my tears, announcing how hard he was trying to keep from letting his tears out. It broke my heart even more. And his small sad smile–last one I got to see–pained every inch of my insides.
We kissed once, twice...then the third one was only a peck. I took a step away from him, my hand still tangled with his, and with another step, our hands let go of each other. I believe I felt a knife cutting through my chest and straight to my heart just at the loss of his touch.
I waved him a final goodbye when I reached the last step on the stairs to the plane, and when I got inside...I fought really hard not to collapse to the floor and curl into a ball.
I found my laptop and cellphone on the table in front of where I was seated, but–shockingly–I found no interest in them at all. All of my attention was focused on the window, where I could see Mazen still standing with his hands folded behind his back. But his head was not held as high as he’d always kept it: he was looking down at the ground as if he couldn’t move his gaze up and watch me leave.
I touched the glass of the window with my hand, and cried some more for the man I never thought I’d be crying over–or even shedding one tear for. I cried for the man who had shown me more love and protection than any other man had ever shown me. I cried for the man who handled me with care, and taught me things with patience. I cried for the man who asked me to stay with him for six months to save his sister’s life and her reputation, only to have me fall for him in six days, no less. I cried for the man whose race and beliefs I’d loathed most of my life, only to end up falling in love with him, utterly and unconditionally.
The plane moved, and then took off, and I left the kingdom. Left Mazen. And left my heart with him.


One day, I asked my grandfather, “Papa, what’s one of the hardest things in life?” and he told me, “To smile when your tears are about to fall.” 
He was right.
Once I was on the plane, I never thought of how much I feared it, or how much I hated being on it, like I had most of my life. I only thought of one person: Mazen. Only thought of one thing: I was leaving him.
My tears were not something I wanted to keep in. I was facing so many difficulties already; crying in front of strangers wasn’t my biggest concern. Leaving the last person I’d thought I could ever fall in love with, was. I had every right to bawl my eyes out. 
I didn’t care how rude I sounded when I asked to be left alone most of the flight. I needed peace–at least around me. Because inside: there was undying war, and troubling fights.
The memory of him as he stood there all broken when the plane took off–I don’t think it could ever be more vivid in my head. It didn’t leave my mind for a second. Not for a moment. And it made me cry even harder just remembering his last words: “I’m never going to forget you, Princess.”
He did one of the hardest things you could do in your life: he smiled while his tears were about to fall.
I didn’t have that kind of strength.



One day, I asked my grandfather, “Papa, what’s one of the hardest things in life?” and he told me, “For fate to force you into doing something you never wanted to do.”
I couldn’t understand the irony of fate: when I loathed being in the kingdom so much and hated having to be there for my brother’s wedding, I found myself promised to the Crown Prince of said kingdom, for the rest of my life. 
I struggled and suffered and tried to escape, but I failed. 
And then...then I fell in love, and my eyes opened and saw things they’d never seen before. I realized I wanted to spend more time with him. I realized I was wrong in wanting to be away from him, and then–only then–I got my previous wish of getting away from him. He let go of me.
How unfair could life really be to me? With all of the struggles I’d had all of my life...this was something I should easily get through–but I couldn’t. 
I didn’t have that kind of strength.
I might’ve straightened myself up, given myself a pep talk to be able to move on, stopped my tears from showing and stopped my voice from shaking. But my outside was strong for the sake of the image I had to keep up, because back home, I wasn’t the weak and crying ball of pity I’d been in the kingdom. I needed to get myself back on track to take care of the things that needed to be taken care of. 
However, on the inside...I was dying. Slowly. 
“Oh, thank goodness! I was going to start a search party for you,” my assistant, and friend, said jokingly from the other end of the line.
“Terri,” I smiled softly into the phone, not realizing how much I’d missed her until I finally heard her voice.
“Are you okay? Where are you? How’s married life?” she asked, all too cheerfully.
“Uh…you know about the marriage?” I frowned.
“Mhmm...and I guess you didn’t want me to know?” I could sense the hurt in her voice.
I sighed, “Listen, Terri, I’ll explain later. I’m landing at JFK airport in an hour, okay?”
“Oh, the honeymoon is over already, Miss Workaholic?”
“See you in a few,” I said and hung up, frustrated to learn that Joseph had probably already made up stories about my marriage, and not knowing how much damage I’d have to deal with–along with what I already had on my plate.



One day, I asked my grandfather, “Papa, what’s one of the hardest things in life?” and he told me, “When you can’t find someone who understands or feels for you.”
I couldn’t think of anyone I knew whom I could tell about what had happened. I didn’t know who would understand. Terri was so kind and a great friend, but what could I tell her when I didn’t even know what to say to myself?
My emotions were all over the place. I knew being home was the right thing for me, but...I couldn’t feel the things I’d thought I’d feel once I put my feet on the ground in my country. 
I thought I’d feel relieved. I didn’t.
I thought I’d be able to block my mind from thinking of what I’d lost. I couldn’t.
I thought I would forget all of the nice and kind things I’d lived through in the kingdom. I wouldn’t.
I knew I should get him out of my mind and my heart, because it wasn’t good for me: ‘us’ was impossible and just plain wrong. And my heart always shouted at me, “You shouldn’t.”
It was easier to stick to what Joseph had said: in the kingdom, I fell in love with the Crown Prince and we got married, then I decided to stay there. I added my own lines though: I told whoever cared enough to ask and whomever I cared enough to tell that we’d talked online for months before I left, and that I hadn’t told anyone because we both didn’t want the media to know. We’d had a cozy and warm wedding, and I came back to have a few tests done, and take care of things regarding the company that I didn’t want Joseph to have to do all alone. My husband didn’t come with me because he had lots of responsibilities he couldn’t get away from. It wasn’t all lies. And if anyone found any part of it to be unbelievable, I really didn’t care. At all.



One day, I asked my grandfather, “Papa, what’s one of the hardest things in life?” and he told me, “To lose something that was so good, and then find so many things that keep reminding you of how you don’t have it anymore.”
Home didn’t feel like home. Comfort wasn’t anywhere to be found. I didn’t feel as safe as I’d thought I would feel. I only slept when my eyes were too dry to produce more tears. And when I woke up, I was about to call Mona’s name, only to remember she wasn’t anywhere around. It brought tears to my eyes.
Just thinking about getting out of bed almost had me on my knees on the bathroom floor. I didn’t want to get up. I wanted to go to sleep and maybe be able to dream again. Of him. It was so hard to believe that just a little over two days ago I was in his arms, hearing his heartbeat and inhaling his sweet scent. And now...I had none of that. Not him, not his closeness, not his warmth, and not the comfort only he was able to make me feel.
I couldn’t eat the pancakes my housekeeper made me for breakfast on Monday morning. I couldn’t drink my coffee without wondering if Mazen had had his tea for the morning already or not. Remembering the first morning after the wedding, how I’d thought we didn’t like to have same drink in the morning, and how we didn’t have that in common. I couldn’t believe how shallow I was just a week ago. It was actually embarrassing.
“Morning, Brad,” I greeted him with a nod.
“Miss Archer,” he nodded his head, “good morning.”
“Follow me to my office, please,” I said. Inside the office that was in my house, I told him what I needed him to do. 
Brad had been my bodyguard since I started going to college, and was someone I trusted with my life–obviously. But Joseph was able to convince me that I couldn’t bring him to the kingdom, because it was rude. I didn’t get it, but he was able to convince me that we would be protected by the royal guards. Despite how much I didn’t like that, and how much Brad himself didn’t like it either, I still did what Joseph told me. Because I trusted him. Because I was a fool. 
“Miss Archer, are you sure you want to do this?” Brad asked. I could sense the disbelief and confusion in his voice. 
“Positive,” I said, and when I was sure he would do everything I’d asked for as planned, I went to the company’s headquarters.



One day, I asked my grandfather, “Papa, what’s one of the hardest things in life?” and he told me, “When someone you love dies–but only in your eyes.”
“Is Joseph free?” I asked Terri as I handed her my briefcase.
“He’s in a meeting that should end in five minutes,” she replied. 
“Good. Which room?”
“Conference room three.” I headed there right away, after telling her not to inform him I was there, Brad following right behind me.
The wait wasn’t long, my thoughts kept me too busy to feel any kind of boredom as I waited for him to finish his meeting. I pulled the end of the sleeve of my white suit jacket, straightening it, making sure I looked as confident as possible, because I knew I couldn’t show him how broken I really was, couldn’t show him just how much damage he had done.
When he came out, he didn’t notice me right away, he was busy saying goodbye to a client, and I took that moment to study his form, seeing the things that I knew only I could see. I saw that underneath the smile he kept on his face, he was pretty much broken. Maybe as much as I was, even.
I could see the dark circles under his eyes that told of sleepless nights, could see his scraggy cheeks that told of a lost appetite. He just wasn’t well.
Good, I thought.
My heart simply couldn’t soften for him. It couldn’t. Any good memory I’d ever shared with him was long gone. Anything nice we’d given each other was simply lost. This wasn’t my brother. My brother had died long ago–in my eyes, that is.
“Marie!” His eyes landed on me and his tongue uttered my name in disbelief. I could see his Adam’s apple bobbing up and down as he swallowed thickly, his look betraying him and revealing how he was shocked and worried at the same time, though I could tell he didn’t want to show it.
“Hello Brother!” I said with a tight smile that was only there to tell him how much I was disgusted by his presence, and I knew he could easily understand it. “What? You thought you’d never see me again?” 
“Uh…”
“Let’s go inside, you don’t want us to make a scene, now do you?” I said then I waved him inside. “After you.”
He paused for a moment, obviously not knowing if he should come inside or not, but finally realizing he couldn’t get away from it. The look in his eyes when he found out that Brad would be joining us was just priceless.
I sat down at the head of the table, having him sit on the opposite end, and then Brad put the file in front of him.
“What’s this?”
“Sign” was all I replied with.
He opened the file and his eyes widened. “You’ve got to be kidding me!” he said in shock. “You want me to sign my rights to the company over to you?”
“Exactly!”
“Absolutely not!” he said, jerking the file away from him.
“Brad!” I called, my eyes not leaving my brother, who was snarling at me while I smiled, as if my heart wasn’t breaking from the inside.
Like he had been told to do, in one second, Brad pulled his gun out of his jacket pocket and put it to Joseph’s head. 
My eyes stung with the tears I wanted to shed at the sight of him all shocked, scared and frightened.
I’d made sure Brad understood very well that hurting Joseph wasn’t my intention, not at all, but I needed him to taste his own medicine. He deserved to experience some of what he’d put me through.
“Marie, what are you doing?” His voice had none of the venom it’d had in it when he spoke to me just a minute ago; his eyes were pleading and his hands were shaking slightly.
“Just like you did, Joseph,” I told him. “I’m forcing you into signing your approval of something I know you wouldn’t ever want.”
“You can’t be serious!” he said.
“Oh, I am, and you will sign, Joseph,” I said, getting up and going to stand only two steps away from where he was sitting. “You know why?” I asked, not waiting for his answer. “Because you’re afraid, you have a gun pointed to your head, and all you can think about right now is how, if you don’t please the one who has you at their mercy, your head will be blown off–and you don’t want that.”
“Marie, stop this! I did something wrong but it was the only thing I could do,” he swallowed. “You wouldn’t have ever agreed and I had to save Janna. I didn’t have time to convince you, and you wouldn’t ever be convinced. I knew you wouldn’t. It was the only option I had.”
I snorted, “Because you’re an idiot. She had a wonderful brother who would save her no matter what, a brother who you couldn’t be compared with no matter how much you tried.” Tears finally found their way out of my eyes. “Do you have any idea what you put me through?”
“I’m sorry, I’m so fucking sorry, I had no other choice,” he begged.
“You put me in that car again, Joseph,” my voice cracked, and my tears wet my cheeks even more. “I was all alone, trapped in one place while the whole world was in chaos around me. I knew no one, I had no idea what was to come. Many times I wondered if I would be raped, or be killed if I didn’t obey. Many times I wondered if I’d ever see a familiar face again. You broke me, Joseph. Broke me!” I cried. “And better yet, you felt no hint of guilt about it, you never thought about me or how I would be feeling.”
“Don’t say that, Marie! You don’t know anything,” he said in a low voice. “I was dying from the inside, but I had to do it. Janna had always told me about Mazen and how noble he is I knew he’d take good care of you.”
His words took a minute to register in my mind, and the ache in my heart grew, just realizing how true those words really were. “But what if he wasn’t? What if he was a savage who would’ve forced himself on me, and done whatever he wanted to the helpless girl he had at his mercy? Did you ever think of that?”
He didn’t reply; He closed his eyes, freeing tears of guilt that caused me nothing but pride at what I’d accomplished. I hoped he would burn every day with the knowledge of what he’d made me face.
“Sign the papers, Joseph,” I told him. “I can’t trust you with myself, and I sure can’t trust you with my parents’ hard-earned success.” 
“I can’t do it,” he said forcibly, and right at the same second he spoke the words, Brad turned the gun and hit the back of his head, blood spilling onto the collar of his white shirt right away like a river. Joseph cried out in agony, causing me to flinch at the sight, my heart hurting for my brother’s pain.
“Sign the papers, you piece of shit, or I sure as fuck won’t wait for her orders to pull the trigger,” Brad shouted, and it was only then that I noticed what this conversation was doing to him. He was burning with anger. He cared for me, I knew he did. I hadn’t told him any of the reasons why I was doing this to my own brother, but was glad that he now understood my actions.
It didn’t take him any more convincing after that, he just signed them silently, and when he put the pen on the table, Brad put his gun back in his suit jacket pocket.
“Is there anything else you need?” By this point he was choking up, apparently trying his hardest to stop his tears from falling or his pain from showing. He was failing miserably.
“No. I don’t want to see your face in here again. Ever,” I said, and he got up to leave, putting his hand on the back of his head where his wound was. Before he went out the door, I added, “I’ve transferred five hundred million dollars to your bank account. It’s your fair share, I’m not as low as you are.” I didn’t wait to see his reaction to that; I turned my back to him and waited for him to leave, letting more tears fall when I knew he couldn’t see them. 
Revenge didn’t feel nice. Nothing felt nice at all. I was too hurt to feel anything but hurt. Too broken to feel anything but pain. 
I missed my brother. But that wasn’t him.



One day, I asked my grandfather, “Papa, what’s one of the hardest things in life?” and he told me, “To love someone so much, but you know that you have no place in their life.”
“Where to, Miss Archer?” Harry, my driver, asked.
“Grandma.”
Looking out the car window, everything was very much the same. Same buildings, same roads, maybe even the same people I saw every time I passed through this area. Everything was the same. Everything, but my heart. If it was even in my chest, that is.
A week ago, if someone had told me that my only brother would be someone I loathed as much I did now, I’d have called them nuts. A week ago, if someone had told me that an Arab Muslim would be someone I’d fall in love with in a matter of days, I’d have called them insane. A week ago, I was someone else. 
“Mama!” I beamed when I saw her, sitting beside the window in her room and watching the green space outside. I missed her so much, more than so much. I hugged her, and tried my best to hide my tears; I didn’t want to trouble her.
When I pulled back, she stared at me for a moment before touching my cheek. “Abee!” she smiled, and my own smile fell. I could never get used to the idea that she never remembered who I was anymore. It still hurt every time when she couldn’t recognize me. It hurt so badly to know that in her life...I had no place.
“Mama,” I recovered quickly, “How have you been? I’ve missed you.” 
“Ah! I’ve been all right, honey,” she smiled. “You tell me about you.”
What should I tell you, Mama? You wouldn’t even want to know, even if you were healthy, and not someone who can’t even remember her own grandchild who spent her whole life with you.
“I’m okay,” I told her. I was really far from okay, but didn’t know what else to say. I just wanted to see her, maybe apologize for not showing up last week, but then figured she hadn’t even noticed. 
“Oh, don’t you lie to me, girl!” my grandmother said with a warning smile. “Mothers always know.”
I had to smile, because she was just so nice. Something in her reminded me of the Queen Mother, maybe her caring touch and warm smile, and just the thought made my forever-lost heart ache.
“Did you meet someone?” she asked, and I couldn’t find any harm in telling her the truth, so I nodded, and her smile widened. “Oh, dear!” she said cheerfully. “Tell me all about it, honey, I promise not to tell Dad.”
I laughed lightly, wiping a tear that had managed to escape, sad about the stage my grandmother had reached. But at the same time, I was happy to know that she lived in her own world, a world where her beloved husband and her only daughter were still alive.
“Nothing much, Mama,” I told her. “It didn’t work out.” Another tear escaped my eyes, hurting a bit more at the sound of my own words.
“Oh, no!” my grandmother frowned. “Why not? Wasn’t he treating you well?”
“He treated me like a queen, and only ever called me ‘Princess’.” I smiled sadly through my tears.
“Then why it didn’t work out, sweetie?”
“I didn’t belong in his world, Mama.” It was the simple truth. “I had to come back home.”
“But, sweetie...it’s not lands and buildings that make a home; it’s people who do.”



I stayed with my grandmother for the rest of the day. I let her speak until she dozed off, cuddled with her to feel some of the comfort I was missing so much, kissed her whiter-than-cotton hair before leaving, and promised to come back in a few days.
On my way out, I ran into Jamal. He was one of the nurses at the nursing home, and always took care of my grandmother. She preferred him the most, liked how gentle and patient he was with her all the time, even more than the others, though they were all wonderful. 
“Hey, Jamal.”
“Miss Archer, how are you?” he smiled brightly. “Congratulations, by the way.”
“Oh, you heard?” I smiled softly, despite the swelling in my chest.
“Oh, man! Of course I did, it was all over the news!”
“Yeah, I guess. Thanks. I wanted to ask about Grandma, is she doing any better?”
“Well, some days are better than others, but–Alhamdulilah–she’s doing fine,” he said, and I think my face paled because I felt all of the blood in my head dropping to my heart.
“W-what?” 
“Don’t worry, Miss Archer, she’s really doing okay,” he assured me.
“No, no...what was that word you said? Alh– what?” My throat went dry.
“Oh, I said ‘Alhamdulilah’. It means ‘thanks be–”
“‘–to Allah’,” I finished for him, remembering Mona telling me of that word’s meaning when I’d asked. My eyes darted away as I thought of how I’d had no idea that Jamal was a Muslim.
And my Mama actually preferred him most of all…
“Oohh! I see someone has started to take some Arabic lessons,” Jamal joked, but all I could do was smile, end the conversation politely and leave.
“Are you okay, Miss Archer?” Brad asked when I made it out of the building.
“Just get me home.” 
A week ago, if someone had told me that Jamal was a Muslim, I would’ve made him stay away from my grandmother. I might even have used my power to have him removed from there completely. 



One day, I asked my grandfather, “Papa, what’s one of the hardest things in life?” and he told me, “To get used to someone, and suddenly find them gone.”
Lying in my bed and trying to fall asleep was the hardest thing I’d faced since coming back from the kingdom. Because then, there was nothing I could do to block my mind from thinking of him. Mazen.
My heart was breaking inside my chest, remembering him: his smile, his voice, his touch. Remembering how he’d comforted me, protected me, treated me like something breakable, held me tenderly, with care.
He let me go because he knew it was best for me. He let me go because he thought I’d be better. He let me go because he thought I’d stop crying.
He was wrong.
I was aching. Hurting. Bleeding and breaking inside. I missed him terribly. And I wanted him back. I wanted to go back. But...it wasn’t the right thing to do. I didn’t belong there.
I held my cross, closed my eyes and prayed. But when I held the cross, I only thought of the moment he’d given it to me. When I closed my eyes, I only saw him smiling softly at me. And it was all so quiet around me, that I could easily hear him in my mind as he called me his ‘beautiful princess’. 
My nights were dark, and my days were darker. I cried myself to sleep. Every night. And I ached for him even more. Every day.



One day, I asked my grandfather, “Papa, what’s one of the hardest things in life?” and he told me, “To believe strongly in something all of your life, and then find out that it was all a lie.”
It was another Sunday where I sought some peace in my church, and when I was good enough to actually attend it. I walked down the street, begging Brad to just let me be alone for a while, knowing that he would still be around all the same: somewhere where I couldn’t see him, but he would be able to see me, just to be sure I was okay.
It had been two weeks. Two weeks since I last saw or heard from Mazen. The closest I’d gotten to anything related to my week with him, was the bag when my housekeeper asked me where she should put it–only to find it was all of the jewelry that had been gifted to me there. I really didn’t feel good about keeping it, but couldn’t be rude and send it back. And I thought it was nice of Mona to remember to pack them with my things.
The other thing was when I looked at one of the company’s billing statements: I found one address I didn’t recognize that had had lots of roses shipped to it. I knew right away that it must be where Janna was. I was surprised to learn that she didn’t live with Joseph. I thought a lot about visiting her to see if she was okay, but then thought that it wasn’t a very good idea. I needed to forget, not to remind myself even more of what I had lost. A visit with Janna would make the ache in my chest grow even bigger.
I didn’t want that. 
I knew that Mazen would make sure she stayed okay; he’d told me so himself. But I couldn’t deny that I found some pleasure in knowing that she hadn’t forgiven Joseph, and wasn’t even living at his house. Serves him right, I thought.
I gazed at the shops around me, not really looking at anything but just busying my mind with something. But my heart would always find a way to force my mind into remembering him. Mazen.
I saw a small crystal shaped into a horse that was standing on its two back legs. It reminded me of that night in the royal stable: when Thunder first saw Mazen and how he’d greeted him. It brought a smile to my face...then tears to my eyes.
I bought it, though. Because I liked to torture myself, I think.
I spent those two weeks learning about Islam; Google was a good friend of mine. True to Mazen’s words, Islam was a beautiful religion, but some Muslims really weren’t. Because they were humans: bending the religion to their desires, sick desires of power and shedding blood. It was really sad. 
I learned that killing was the biggest sin in Islam, that in their holy book it’s said that killing one innocent soul was like killing all of mankind, and saving one soul was like saving the whole world. It was very saddening that many didn’t follow that law.
And like Janna told me: anyone who did something bad to a woman, insulting her or causing her any harm, was promised God’s punishment. 
Like the queen and what she’d done to me.
I felt so sorry for other girls who’d gone through that. They didn’t have a Mazen to come to their rescue; they even had their closest loved ones standing there and watching, without moving a muscle to help them. And that needed to stop. I wished I knew how, or had the power to stop it forever. It was such a horrible thing. 
I learned that Islam forbids any man to touch any woman that wasn’t his grandmother, mother, aunt, sister or wife. Not even a handshake. Not even looking at them with admiring eyes. And that explained to me why Mazen stopped when we were together. We weren’t married in the eyes of Islam, and that night I thought he had a harem, he told me he didn’t do that.
It made me also realize why the guards had lowered their gazes in my presence–in any woman’s. I’d assumed they were ordered to do that by the king or something. They were, but from the king of all kings. From God.
Mazen had sinned by touching me, something I knew he didn’t like to do–he was too religious. But he had also sinned a lot for my sake when he lied over and over again to save me from any harm.
He did care for me. A lot. And the knowledge was bittersweet.
I couldn’t stop myself from Googling his name. I found his picture, printed it, and slept with it every night. It wasn’t much, but it helped me a lot. And every time my tears ruined it, I’d print another. It was the closest I was able to get to him. 
After I paid for the little crystal horse and left, I entered a café to get a cup of coffee. The line was long, but I didn’t mind: I had nothing better to do. As I was waiting, I checked my e-mails as the line got shorter and shorter, moving with it absently as I read through my e-mails, and then it happened.
“I just want a cup of coffee, sir, nothing more,” I heard a quiet feminine voice saying and, for some reason, it grabbed my attention.
“Go away! I don’t serve Muslims,” the guy behind the counter said, and my eyes widened.
“You won’t serve me because I’m a Muslim?” the girl asked. I had to move my head a little to the side to see her. She was just a girl my age or even younger with a headscarf covering her hair.
“Yes, you’re a terrorist,” he replied, and the shock just froze me in place.
“Excuse me?”
“You heard me, get out of my shop, take your jihad, go back to riding your camel and just–leave,” the guy waved her off. I felt so terrible that my throat started to tighten just hearing the way he spoke to her.
“I’m an American citizen and I have rights!”
“No, you’re not American!” he replied back.
“Yes, I am,” the girl insisted, “I was born and raised in America!”
“It doesn’t make you an American,” the guy shrugged.
“Seriously? What makes you?”
“How do I know you’re not hiding a bomb in there under that towel on your head?”
“Are you seriously not going to give her the goddamn cup of coffee because she’s a Muslim?” a girl who was behind me in the line asked.
“I sure won’t.” 
“Okay, you just lost a couple of customers, just so you know,” the girl behind me said, and then left the line and the shop. I just stood there, watching the scene playing out around me with shock.
“Make that three,” an African-American guy said, and was about to leave when the vender called after him, “You’re not a good American.”
It was then that the guy turned to him and said, “No, sir, I’m a good American. I just served in Iraq for over a year. It has nothing to do with her rights, and what you just did is highly offensive. She’s a human being and deserves to be treated with respect and dignity.”
“I’m a good American and a devout Christian, and I have to protect my customers.”
“You’re white and you have a cross tattoo on your neck. How do I know you’re not one of the KKK? I’m a black atheist and should be afraid of you, right? How do I trust you not to burn me on a cross?”
“I–uh...those people don’t represent us,” the vender replied.
“They call themselves devout Christians! Aren’t you?” 
My head was spinning, and I felt as if I was going to throw up. I had to leave this place, I was choking up with my tears. I wanted to call out the vender on how disgusting and racist he was, but...I couldn’t. I felt like a liar, like a hypocrite, because I knew that three weeks ago...I would’ve agreed with everything he was saying. Heck, I would’ve given him a thumbs-up.
What was wrong with me?
Was I really one of those racist people? Why couldn’t I just be colorblind? Why did I only see all Muslims as terrorists? Like the guy said, if all Muslims were terrorists, why were all Christians not thought of as KKK members? I knew in my heart that those people didn’t represent me, so why would I think that those who killed my grandfather represented all Muslims?
I left the café, and went to the nearest trash can. I sat down by it and threw my guts up, waving a girl away when she asked if I was okay. But then, she insisted on holding my hair up for me; that was kind of her. When I was finished, I was shocked beyond words to find that it was the very same Muslim girl who didn’t get her cup of coffee, only because of her beliefs.
“Are you sure you’re okay? I can call a cab for you,” she said.
“N-no, I’m fine,” I told her, wiping my mouth with the tissue that she handed me. “Are you okay?”
“Me?” she smiled. “Yeah, why are you asking?”
“Um...the café, the ve–”
“Oh! No, it’s cool, I’m used to it,” she replied with a shrug.
“Used to it?” I asked with shock.
“Oh, trust me, when I only get called a terrorist and Osama’s lover, it’s a good day–at least I don’t get physically attacked.”
“Are you serious?” I gasped.
“Yeah, things are tough for us since 9/11, you know? Every day is a struggle,” she said, and my already-broken heart broke a bit more. “But it’s my country: I love it and I can’t leave it.”
It gutted me to realize that it was people like me who made things tough for her and others of her belief. But...this was my wake up call.



Back home, I sat on my bed, found a paper and a pen and started writing down my thoughts, because a wise man once told me it makes your thoughts clearer that way–and he was right. 
My thoughts were too numerous, going everywhere, and I felt as if I couldn’t control them. It wasn’t the best feeling in the world.
After I wrote everything I wanted to write down, I started counting them.
Most of my thoughts were about Muslims and Islam. What I’d learned through my whole life–or better yet, hadn’t learned. Then, what I’d learned through my search for the keys of knowledge over the past two weeks, and in that week I spent in the kingdom.
I met people I liked, and people I loved. I met people I disliked, and peopled I hated.
I met people that made me laugh, and met others that made me cry.
I met people that made me feel safe, and met ones who threatened my life.
All of them were people. They were Christians, Jews, atheists and they were Muslims. But eventually, and before anything, they were people. And we were all alike.
All of my thoughts were about Mazen. What I felt about him, and what I wanted with him. How I missed him and how I ached for him. How my mind wouldn’t stop thinking about him for a second, and how my hands ached to touch his. 
I knew in my heart that I wanted him, forever. 
I loved him. I loved him so much. I had to be with him.
Our relationship wasn’t normal. But–who cares? That was what made it unique.
We got married then we fell in love.
We got divorced and then he told me he was falling for me.
Lovers kissed at sunset and we shared out first kiss as the sun was about to rise.
Lovers kissed facing each other and we kissed upside down.
People ate pancakes for breakfast and we had them for dinner.
He was a Muslim and I was Christian.
He was an Arab and I was American.
We were different. Very different. But in the end, we were a man and a woman. We were people. People with hearts. And all people were equal. God said that the heart is all that matters. And I loved his heart. With every sense in me. If there was one right thing I needed to do for myself, it was to be with him again. And if people around us made our lives hard, I didn’t care. I’d fight. He was worth it.
I got up, smiling as broadly as I could make my lips smile, brought my ring finger to my mouth and kissed my wedding rings that I had never been able to take off.
I’d found my black keys.
I knew what I wanted to do. I knew what I needed to do. I was never so sure about anything in my whole life as I was about being with Mazen. 
Maybe it took Salma two months to get back to him, but it took me only two weeks, because her heart was much stronger than mine, and she couldn’t possibly love him more than I did. Nobody could.
One day, I told my grandmother that I didn’t belong in the world of the one I loved, and she told me, “But, sweetie...it’s not lands and buildings that make a home; it’s people who do.”
And I believed her. Lands and buildings didn’t make a home. It was people who did. And he was my people. He was my home. I belonged to him. With him. And I had to be with him, near him. I needed to take a plane to get me there. To my home. Him.
Mazen.

White Locks
The Colorblind Trilogy Book 2

“Mazen is not in the kingdom?” I gasped.


Rose is a loved mother, wife, and a stay at home lawyer. Writing is her passion, and reading is her obsession. Music is her best friend and sarcasm is her speaking trend. One of her joys is bringing happiness to others and her biggest wish is that they stay true to one another. Through her stories, she wants to spread nothing except understanding, peace and love.


Additional Works

Pretty Faces and Dark Places by Rose B. Mashal Coming October 2015
The Colorblind Trilogy Book #2 White Locks by Rose B. Mashal Coming 2016

Thank you to the following individuals who, without their contributions and support, this book could not have been written:

To Sandra, for being the best friend and the best sister, I love you more than love. Thank you for making me laugh even when smiling was not so easy to do.

To Ann May, the other part of my soul.

To Wendy Mathew, for always being there when I needed you the most. I would've been a mess without you.

To Michelle, my baby sister.

To Adriana, for all the late night talks and early morning wishes.

To Widad, Zeinab, Maheen, Susan, Terri, Sahar, Joan, Carol, Isherna, Leah, Kholoud, Sheri, Kara, Sabina, Allie, Tanvi, for listening to all of my rants, and assuring me that 'It's going to be okay'.  I love you girls more than I can explain, and I wouldn't know what I would've done without your constant help.

To Amber L. Johnson, for always telling me what to do and where to go when I was lost and had no idea what I was doing.

To SJ Hooks, for saving my heart.

To my parents, my kids and my husband, for being my reasons for living.

To the Fandom, for teaching me lots of what I know and helping me through rough times.

