
Black Luna


By
Kenzie Kehoe



SMASHWORDS EDITION


* * * * *


PUBLISHED BY:
Kenzie Kehoe on Smashwords


Black Luna
Copyright © 2010 by Kenzie Kehoe



Thank you for downloading this ebook.  This book  remains the copyrighted property of the author and may not be reproduced, scanned, or distributed for any commercial or non-commercial use without permission from the author.  Quotes used in reviews are the exception.  No alteration of content is allowed.  If you enjoyed this book, then encourage your friends to download their own copy.

Your support and respect for the property of this author is appreciated.

This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental.  The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously.


Adult Reading Material



Chapter 1
Walking through the woods was Mackenzie’s way to relax. School, work, and her social life was becoming too much for her. She needed to get her next book in or her publisher would fine her, she needed to study for the mid-term next week, and all her friends have decided that this week’s drama was going to be like middle school. Susie liked him, but Becky kissed him, and Charlie is really in love with Sally and it went on and on. Mackenzie was growing tired of it, all of it. So she decided to take a walk. Maybe leaving the house without her phone, and just her IPod wasn’t the smartest idea, mostly because here she is miles into the woods lost. Night was beginning to fall and she didn’t want to be out this long. It may be summer but the Montana nights are cold.  She pulled her blue plaid shirt closer to her body, she decided it over her black sweater because she wanted to match her eyes. Now she thought it was a stupid idea the sweater would have been warmer.
She shivered, thinking she was trying to head home but going farther into the forest. She was hoping to run into civilization but she knew that she could walk over twenty miles and still not reach any humans, Montana was big that way. She slumped down a tree kicking a rock away, wishing she wasn’t so stupid that day and just remembered her phone. Although chances of it reaching any bars out there were slim to none. She played with her brown hair reaching just below her shoulder thinking of ways to get home, but coming up clueless.
“Get over here.” It wasn’t pointed at Mackenzie. It was far off to the left, a man yelling at somebody else.
“I’m tired, can we do this later?” Another voice answered back. Mackenzie was excited, she wasn’t lost. People were near, probably lived in a town that had cars and could take her home, back to college.
“Is that how you will take control of the pack, by being tired and exhausted?” Mackenzie started to run towards them, not questioning what they meant by pack or taking control of it. 
“Fine.” The guy answered back.  She made it to the clearing where she found an older guy and a younger one, both similar looking, they are in workout clothes but she could tell they had muscles underneath them. Then there was their green eyes, dark and clouded that were matching, it reminded her of tree’s during a rain storm. The different between the guys were the wrinkles and the grey weaving through the old man’s black hair. 
They haven’t seen her yet, too focused on each other. She stopped near the trees sizing the guys up. She shouldn’t of come here was her first thought, they didn’t look like the normal people from her town. The young guy was running full force towards the old guy, he leaps and she could feel a buzz in the air. A wolf tackles the old guy to the ground but he throws the wolf to the side after a second, kicking it in the stomach.
“Pathetic, Is that how you are going to win.” The old guy says. Were there once was wolf was now the young guy with no clothes on. Run was the thought that went through her head. She turns around stepping on leaves and sticks, not bothering to be quite, just wanting to get out of there. She barely makes it a yard before she is trapped against a tree, a hand grasping her neck making it so she can’t leave. “What did you see?”  The old guy asks. She looks down to see the older guy, the young one behind him sending a cunning smile her way.
“I was just lost, I didn’t see anything.” Mackenzie pants out, scratching at the hand trying to get it to loosen. She felt her head snap to the side, blood rising to her cheek, his hand leaving a print. She has never been hit that she could remember; she remembered one girl tried to slap her at the last party she was at, but the girl barely missed. Mackenzie didn’t think she was the blame, the whole ordeal was about how Mackenzie spilt her drink on the girl, but in reality the girl was so drunk she ran into Mackenzie. She just grazed her fingers against Mackenzie’s cheek and Mac was finding humor in the situation. Now she wasn’t, she was scared out of her mind.
“Liar.” The old guy shouts in her face. She looks at the old guy, his dark cloudy green eyes, now turning into a vibrant green. 
“Dad, what should we do with her?” The young one asks. She kept scratching at the hand, even though she knew it was a useless case, he was in control.
“Son, is Bebe still around?” He loosened his grip a bit on Mackenzie, enough that she could get air, but she was still pinned to the tree, the bark embedding into her back.
“Gone, she died last week.” The young guy says. Mackenzie looked up at the son, he was a bit older than her but not much, but when she got a look at his eyes she knew he was the one that killed Bebe. He had a look that showed he found joy in Bebe’s death. 
“Perfect, we need a new one, and here she is, it is like a present.” The old guy says. He dropped Mackenzie; she cradled her neck taking in deep breaths. “Take her, and make sure she doesn’t make a sound.” The old guy says. Mackenzie didn’t have a chance to question it before the son picked her up throwing her over his shoulder. She has enough air to scream but it wasn’t her brightest idea, the dad just smacked her on the head knocking her out. “That’s better,” was the last thing she heard.

“Wake up, you have chores to do.” She sees an older lady in the doorway, she has blonde hair reaching down to the tip of hip, green eyes but a bit lighter than the men she saw earlier, she had the same cunning look as them though.
“Where am I?” Mackenzie looks around the square room, it isn’t much. She is on the hard concrete floor with a blanket thrown over her, the walls a dark grey with scratch marks all over. It is big enough that her 5’8” height lying down touched both walls, no windows to see if it was light out or not.
“I don’t have time for this. Sandy is having a party tonight.” The lady says, she comes over grabbing Mackenzie’s arm lifting her up in the air with ease. 
“You are one of them aren’t you?” Mackenzie says. She thinks back, it isn’t possible werewolves. But she saw it with her own eyes. Maybe she is crazy, she wished she was, and then soon somebody will give her some medication that will help her see clearly.
“A werewolf? Yes, my family is one of the strongest there is.” The lady says, she gives Mackenzie a smile, enjoying the scared look on Mackenzie’s face. “I’m the mama of the house, Michelle. My husband leader of the house, Robert, and there is my son and daughters. My son, Derrick, he is soon to be future Alpha and my daughter, Sandy, a werewolf herself which makes her stronger than any other female in the pack and my other daughter, she is just a shifter so she is nothing. But it doesn’t matter all you need to know is that you will call us “Master,” and you will do everything we say. Or well you heard what happened to Bebe.” The Michelle says, her eyes giving the same joy that Derricks did early when she mentioned Bebe’s death. Mackenzie has backed up in the cell crouched in a corner, wishing for somebody to save her. “Tonight is Sandy’s half birthday, we want the house decorated, now.” Michelle practically throws Mackenzie through the door. “Dishes, dust, sweep, vacuum, and cook dinner, plus a cake. Then put the decoration up. It has to be done by six because the guests are arriving at seven and I want you nowhere in sight.” Mackenzie didn’t object, her face hurt from the hit yesterday, and she was scared, and she was hoping she could sneak out during the party.
It took hours just too clean half the house, and she hadn’t even started with dinner. She already received a hit because she missed a spot in the dining room under one of the tables, how could they even see that, she thought. She was in the middle of making the cake when she felt soft moistness cover her face. “I don’t like the cake, start again.” Michelle leaves the room, while Mackenzie cleans off her face, pinking frosting and salty tears dripping in the sink. She wanted to think it was because of frosting getting in her eye but she knew better. It has only been one day and she already wanted out, in any way possible. She works and works for perfection, she ended up making three more cakes before Michelle was satisfied. The others were gone so she only received beatings from Michelle. Even though Michelle looked like she was in her late thirties she hit like a baseball player. 
“Hurry, up the guest will be arriving soon.” It was just barely six and she wanted Mackenzie out of the kitchen, hidden in the depths of the basement. Mackenzie left the kitchen running into the rest of the family. 
“What is she still doing up here.” A blonde girl said, her hair matching her mother’s blonde but falling only to her shoulders and she has the same dark green eyes of her father. There is another girl cowering behind the blonde, she had green eyes and black hair falling to the middle of her back.
“I sent her down, she just isn’t moving fast enough.” Michelle shouts from the kitchen. Mackenzie tries to squeeze by but Derrick isn’t letting her go anywhere. He steps close to her placing his hand on her hip. 
“I can help her down stairs.” Derrick says, Mackenzie backs away, Derrick was giving her the creeps. She saw what was in his eyes, lust. She has seen it when she goes to the casino’s with her friends, the older men giving her the same eyes. They at least knew not to touch, Mackenzie thought.
“You have to go get ready, I will deal with her.” Robert grabs her arm, leaving bruises where his hand laid. 
“My wife has enough to deal with, and my daughter, none of us need to worry about you.” He opened the door to the basement throwing Mackenzie down the stairs. She felt everything, with each thud she felt piercing pain through her body. She reached the bottom of the stairs, not daring to stand just yet. She wasn’t locked in the room she woke up, but just let free in the basement. She looks around finding a small window just big enough for her to fit through. She decided to make a plan, party started soon she thought. By eight it would be if full swing and she would run. She glances down at her unique watch. Her parents gave it to her it wasn’t anything special except for her name engraved and a crest of her families symbol placed in the middle. Less than two hours to go she read.
 She waited in the corner, hearing numerous people, but none of them even bother to try the basement door. She waited and waited, it turned eight but she wanted it to be a little louder, the party music stopped placed with the voices of people singing. 
If it was any other day Mackenzie would have questioned people singing happy birthday at somebody’s half birthday but right now she was more focused on dragging her body through the window. The pain from falling down the stairs became more potent when she lunged herself through, dragging her ribs across the dirt from the outside. But in her mind it was worth it. She drags her knees across the ground army crawling until her body is fully out. Nobody is around; she gets up running for her life. She makes it away from the party, the music becoming quite background.
She thinks all she has to do is find a near town and tell the cops about the crazy people. She would keep the werewolf thing a secret, she knew she would end up in an insane asylum if she talked about that. But first, she has to find safety.
She was running, small breaths of air making it out of her lungs. It hurt her, from that days beatings, plus she was never in shape. She was on the chubby side and now she was kicking herself for never bothering to go to the gym. She hears a twig snap on the side and she picks up her speed, her legs are burning but she needed to get away. She is slammed on the side tumbling down the side of the hill. A giant black wolf is on her, its canines grabbing her neck enough to pierce but not enough to kill. She doesn’t want to die, she isn’t ready. She isn’t religious but she starts to pray to God. Hoping that he will help her out 
“Where do you think you were headed?” A voice says from the side. She doesn’t move her neck, the wolf is still biting it. But she already has his voice memorized. Robert.
“I just want to leave, please I won’t tell your secret. Just let me go.” Mackenzie pleads. Tears start to fall down her face. 
“Sure I will let you go.” Robert says. She moves her head to look at him, but flinches back when she feels the canines pierce a bit further into her throat, she can feel a cooling sensation slither down her neck.
“Thank you.” Mackenzie says, but stops when she can hear the guy laughing. 
“Do you think I’m serious? Stupid bitch.”  Robert says, more tears start to run farther down her cheek, mixing with the blood. She just wants to go home. She doesn’t care about the drama, Becky can kiss whoever, and Sally should love whoever, she will put up with all of it. “Son take her home,” Robert says, the wolf changes back to reveal a smiling naked Derrick lying on top of her.
“Oh father I will.” Derrick says, he picks Mackenzie up, throwing her over his shoulder, his hands grabbing her ass to prevent her from falling, but also to feel her up. Mackenzie starts to scream. She is thrown on the ground Derrick straddling her. “Please do scream, it turns me on.” He whispers in her ear, she starts to pound his chest but he doesn’t even seem fazed by it. She looks around the father has left them, she isn’t surprised. The guy is just as evil as Derrick. Derrick grabs her breast, she takes it as her advantage to knee him in the groin. She stands making a run for it but Derrick has her pinned to a tree. “Bitch.” He back hands her, cutting the skin open on her cheek, blood oozing down the side of her face. 
“I will kill you.” She musters out, staring him directly in the eye. 
“We both know you can’t.” Derrick says, he grabs her neck bringing her head forward. “Oh and this is for kneeing me in my jewels.” He pushes her neck back, smashing her head into the tree.
She is still awake, feeling the pain of the headache coming on. 
“Screams are hot, blood everywhere, not so much,” Derrick says, he looks down at Mackenzie, the blue shirt now dripping with blood, “but don’t worry I will get my way with you one day.” Derrick whispers in her ear, he grabs her forearm dragging her back to the house. The party is still going on, but he doesn’t care he just throws her through the window she came out of. She collapses on the floor, enjoying the cold surface on her face. Derrick comes down the stairs a second later the family following.
“How dare she ruin my party.” Sandy says, bringing her foot into Mackenzie stomach. Sandy keeps kicking her in the stomach, not even stopping to take a breath.
“Stop,” Everybody looks over at the other sister. “I will take care of her for you, um, you should go back to the party. Remember it is your birthday after all.” Sandy fixes her outfit, giving a small smile to her younger sister.
“You’re right, I must go entertain my guest.” Sandy says, she fixes her black skirt that lands just below her but, and pulls down a cut up blue halter top, walking up the stairs fixing her hair. 
“Don’t forget I want to talk to Gage, he will be your future mate after all.” Michelle says, following her daughter up the stairs. 
“Don’t worry guys, I have this.” The other daughter says, kicking Mackenzie in the stomach. They nod heading up the stairs leaving the girl alone with Mackenzie. “Oh shit, Oh shit, please tell me you are alive.” The girl asks in a worried voice. Mackenzie looks up to find the girl kneeling over her bringing a towel over her cuts. “Thank god.” The girl says. Mackenzie was confused, wasn’t she supposed to hurt her, torture her, kick her in the stomach. But instead this girl was trying to heal her cuts. “I’m Jasmine.” She smiles down at Mackenzie. Mackenzie smiles back, placing her head on the floor letting the darkness take over.
Chapter 2
Over the next year Mackenzie didn’t try to escape, she was slowly becoming nothing. The only reason she got food was because of Jasmine, which still wasn’t much. She slowly turned from the chubby girl to a bag a bones. The parents didn’t bother her much unless she didn’t do the job perfectly, other than that they kept to themselves. Sandy didn’t like her, and whenever she saw her she would knock her down and start kicking her in the stomach. Derrick had tried repeatedly to take advantage of Mackenzie but Jasmine would always step in. Mackenzie was grateful, and the only reason she was alive was because of Jasmine. She learned that if she wasn’t here the family would be treating Jasmine like a slave. Mackenzie was glad Jasmine didn’t have to deal with that, but she did wish it wasn’t her.  Mackenzie was starting to lose her mind, thinking that she deserved every hit, and that she was actually Derrick’s. It was easier to think this, than to continue to fight. She just wanted the easy life and going along with what they want was easy.
Mackenzie was scrubbing down the sink. One quarter bleach, and then take the tooth brush do little circles until she can see herself in it. She has been getting better and better at this, once she was done she looked down at it with a smile. At this point it wasn’t a real smile, it was a think line with her teeth barely showing, but it was the only thing Mackenzie could be happy about.  They can’t find anything wrong with this, they would be happy, she thought. She started to put the bleach away, including the brush, out of the side of her eye she sees Sandy throw her soup in the sink. It splatters everywhere.
“You missed a spot.” Sandy says, going to the refrigerator to grab milk. She watches Mackenzie pour water in the sink, taking out the bleach one more time. Mackenzie doesn’t say anything she finds it best to keep quiet, then most of the time they forget she is there. Jasmine walks into the room placing her bowl of soup next to the sink, walking over to join Sandy. “I can’t believe tonight is the full moon. I know something is going to happen.” Sandy says to Jasmine. “I know it isn’t that you are going to shift, I was thinking more of Gage marking me.” 
“I don’t think so sister tonight is the night I take what is rightfully mine. Alpha.” Derrick says. Derrick has been training all year, hoping to take the leadership of Alpha. Robert trained Derrick every day, always pushing him. When Robert had to show a move he would use Mackenzie, making it easier for Derrick to see what is going on. She was Derricks personal training dummy. Always there when he was taught a new move, then practiced on for the next week straight. She hated it, always getting random bruises along her arms and sides, but Derrick loved it being able to be so close to her, and being able to wrap his body around hers. He just wished his father wasn’t there so he could have his fun, but his father would find it disgusting to be interested in a human.
“Remember you can’t kill him, Gage is my mate.” Sandy says.
“Oh is that why he hasn’t marked you yet, and I promise I won’t kill him. I want to him to see me rule what his family built up.” Derrick says.
“And what if he wins?” Sandy says.
“Bitch, way to support your family.” Derrick says.
“He is my mate, I love him. So yes I do wish him best.” Sandy says. 
“Oh just shut up, this is what I’ve been training for. I will win.” Derrick says.
Mackenzie isn’t paying much attention, just thinking dab, circle, circle, and repeat. She does feel when Derricks hand lands on her ass. “Isn’t that great, when I become Alpha nobody can stop me from having what’s mine.” Derrick whisper in her ear.
“I don’t see why you like the human so much.” Sandy says. He starts to kiss her jaw, his hand roaming under her shirt. She hasn’t had any change of clothes since she was captured, they do let her clean it every Sunday so she doesn’t start smelling up the place, but the clothes she has now are torn with bleach stains covering most of the front along with some blood stains she couldn’t get rid of.
“I don’t know either, but something about her makes me want her.” Derrick says, he bites down on her ear, Mackenzie just gulps but continues doing her work. 
“Hey bro, how about we go warm up a bit before the big fight.” Jasmine says, dragging her brother away. Mackenzie smiles a bit, but she knows soon Jasmine won’t be able to be there for her. 
“Derrick always gets what he wants.” Sandy says, before throwing her unfinished milk in the sink. Mackenzie was busy cleaning the sink for the next hour, moving on to Sandy’s room, than Derrick’s room, and then Jasmine’s room, which hers just needed a vacuuming, while the others looked like a tornado hit them. She waited for them to leave for the fight before she started their rooms, she didn’t want them to be annoyed with her being around. Once she was done with that she started dinner, but none where back yet. It was a full moon and normally they didn’t come home for the night, deciding to run around the woods. She packed up dinner at eight, knowing if it is this late they won’t be coming home for the night. She walks up the stairs preparing to clean the office, she could put it off until tomorrow, but after a full moon the family is always extra hungry and breakfast takes extra-long.  
She enters the room grabbing her cleaning basket on the way. She takes a moment to examine the window, its huge, displaying the whole forest. The trees were at a distance but not that far, the moon light making the droplets of water shine off of them. It was beautiful, breathtaking, and she loved it. She takes some nights off and just sits in this room, thinking of a different world. One where she was never captured and was still in school, another plot that runs into her mind is a dashing prince comes and saves her, all them ending with her out of her hell whole. Tonight the moonlight lights up the whole room, she doesn’t even bother turning on the lights. She hears a slam downstairs, guess somebody forgot something before they decided to go for the run. She doesn’t really know what they need, but she was guessing a second pair of clothes. She just continues to dust the bookcase. 
“What are you doing up here?” A voice says from the door way. Mackenzie breath gets caught in her throat, it was Derrick in the doorway. She hated being in a room alone with him, but now the whole house.
“Master wanted me to clean the room.” Mackenzie says like she was taught, she continues to clean the books, not looking away. 
“Turn around.” His voice sounds pissed, and by her guess he didn’t win the Alpha fight. She slowly turns around, keeping her eyes on the floor. “I don’t know why I want you, but there is something about you. Look at me.” Derrick orders. She looks up to see that Derrick crossed the floor and is now standing right in front of her. He has a scratches across his face , blue and black covering the skin showing. Mackenzie was happy to see him hurt. “I might not have won Alpha, but you will still be mine.” Derrick says. Mackenzie didn’t even think when she grabs her bleach spraying Derrick in the eyes. He growls rubbing his eyes, but shoves Mackenzie onto the ground not letting her get away. She starts to scream, she knew this would happen, but it was one of the thing that she wished never did. “Shut up.” Derrick says. He hits her, but it isn’t hard enough to knock her out. He is now on top of her straddling her, her hands caught in his. She continues to scream, wiggling away from him.
 Derrick was starting to get angry, he had to deal with his father’s disappointment, and now this. He couldn’t control his wolf, he was already supposed to be at his run, but here he is dealing with this girl.
“Please.” Mackenzie says, tears running down her eye. She stop for a second throwing him off guard, it is enough for her to throw herself to the side, getting about a foot away from him before she feels the most painful thing in the world. She looked at her side, to see Derrick as half wolf with his teeth biting into her side.
“You will be mine.” Derrick says. He grabs her throwing her on her back. She keeps screaming, feeling him bite onto her neck. Mackenzie can feel the blood oozing out of her side and neck, her back screaming in pain from the scratch of his nails. She wanted to black out, to pass out like she normally does when she starts to feel a bit of pain, but her body wouldn’t.
She can feel his claws scratching against her stomach, a second later her shirt is ripped off. She screams, and screams nobody was coming for her. 
She felt each thrust, each scratch, and every time he decided to bite her somewhere else on her body. She stops screaming after a while, her voice become horse. She is tired, and just took it, thinking of the day she will die. Hoping it was that day.

Chapter 3
He left her there, going to join the rest on the run. She just continues to lie there, patting the blood next to her. Knowing it was hers, but she didn’t care. She liked the way it dripped off her fingers, landing with a spat back into the puddle. She looked to the side seeing a knife like letter opener on the desk. She smiled, that’s it she can be done with the pain. He wouldn’t stop and she knew that, she didn’t have the strength to run. She just wanted it all to end. She crawls over to the desk lifting herself up enough to grab it, crumpling to the floor in pain. But all she could think, it will be over soon. All of the pain will be over soon. She lifts it up straight above her heart. On the count of three she kept telling herself. 
One, she can see the glint of moonlight shining of the letter opener.
Two, she brings it down touching where her heart will be.
Three, she start to scream, dropping the knife to the side she doesn’t need to stab herself she feels like her bones are breaking. 
Crack
She can hear the breaking of her bones, each one by one, blood rushing everywhere. All she could think is why couldn’t death be easy for her. It takes hours, and the moon starts to lower before the pain eases up. She looks down at herself hoping that she was a ghost, but knowing that she didn’t die just yet. She sees paws, giant black ones, she stands up and wobbles a bit she is a bit taller than the desk about the same height as her human self. She couldn’t understand if she has become a werewolf, it would be a joke, she despises werewolf. 
She looks out the window seeing that the wolves were starting to come back. Including the family, she needed to get out of there. She did the only thing she could think of, finding a new source of energy she jumps out the window crashing to the ground. It hurt, but she wants out of there. She starts to run towards the forest, she finds her new speed and takes off, clocking around a mile in four minutes.
 She was running for thirty minutes, passing a few wolves but none bothered to stop her. She saw a sign saying leaving Montana, she picks up her speed to Idaho, she can get away and stay away was her main thought. She was passing the border when a giant black wolf tackles her to the ground tingles surrounding where the wolf hit her. She looks up at him, he was just as big as her, she wasn’t surprise she knew wolves where big. He was a gorgeous black, with bright blue eyes. But the look on his face made him look surprised. He just stopped and stared, she felt a pull in her wolf to stay but her human side still wanted to run and that is what she did, farther and farther away. 
The giant wolf was following her, but after a while she lost him. She ran for a while, the sun coming out. She was thirsty, hungry, and just wanted to stop and rest. She stopped at a lake, collapsing on the ground. She turned back into a human without even realizing it. She looked down at her body; the cuts have healed up but left dark scars where ever he bite or scratched her, a token for life of that night.
She crawls over to the lake, cupping the water bringing it up to her lips. It hurt her to move, but she knew she needed to get father way. But she is just too tired, she fell asleep half of her laying in the water, the other half dry on the sand.
She wakes up a couple hours to a twig snapping sound. She goes on her guard, this time she would rather die than be taken. 
“Who are you?” Somebody says from the trees. She doesn’t even care that she is naked, she is nothing but bones, for somebody to find this attractive they would have to be really fucked up. Her mind wanders to Derrick, shivering at the thought of him.
“Show yourself.” She says. She was prepared to run, she knew she was fast. Three guys come out of the tree, all pretty good looking. 
“We showed ourselves, now tell us who are you?” One says. They haven’t stepped closer to her, letting her have her space.
“Mackenzie, what do you want?” Mackenzie says. She was talking to the one who she assumed was the leader, he had dark chocolate hair falling just below his ear, hazel eyes, and was on the skinner side. One of the others looked like him, but had lighter hair, along with lighter skin. The last was a ginger with green eyes, sending a smile her way. 
“We wanted to know why you were passed out in the lake.” The ginger says. She looks back down at the water, the sand indented to her form. 
“I was tired.” She says, she keeps her guard up, questioning where they were going with this.
“Do you need help?” The first one steps forward, but she backs up taking a step in the water. She shakes her head. “Really because those cuts don’t look healthy, plus we know you are a changed werewolf which means you will need help.” The first guy to speak says again. He takes another step forward, this time Mackenzie takes two steps back. 
“What happened to you?” The ginger asks. She looks at him, he was still next to the tree, knowing to keep his space.
“We are here to help; we don’t want to hurt you.” The other one who has yet to speak until now says. She didn’t want to go with them, but her wolf wanted the help and trusted them. She decided to trust her wolf, the wolf is the only reason she got away this far, she thinks.

They took her to a little cabin in the middle of woods, they gave her a shirt, making sure she was covered from wandering eyes. 
“So Mackenzie, I’m Trent.” The ginger says, placing a sandwich in front of her. He was the wandering eyes. She nods, looking down at the sandwich, it has been about a year since she had real food. “It is yours, go ahead and eat it.” Trent says. She doesn’t hesitate; she grabs the sandwich shoving about half of it in her mouth.
“Somebodies hungry,” the look alike with the lighter brown hair, grabs a seat next to Mackenzie. “I’m John.” John says. Mackenzie tries to smile back, food escaping a bit from her mouth. 
“I’m Jason, John’s brother, and would you like some more?” Jason asks. Mackenzie already felt like exploding and she only ate half the sandwich. She realized her stomach shrunk within the year. 
“I’m good.” Mackenzie says, looking down at the table, this is the first interaction she has had with somebody outside of the family and their close friends. The others join her and John at the table digging in to their own food. She doesn’t know why but she trust them, both sides of her, human and wolf. They haven’t treated her bad, and reminded her of the life she had before.
They sat around chatting about useless stuff, it wasn’t until late night when Jason asked again what happened. Mackenzie told them a bit of it, not telling all of what happened that last year. She told the last part though, Trent got pissed enough to flip the table.
“I’m going to kill them.” Trent says, Mackenzie flinched seeing him so angry, afraid of being hit. “Shit sorry Mac, don’t worry I would never hurt you.” 
She looks up at him smiling, Mac, she likes it. 
“It’s okay, at one point I will have to get use to angry people.” She says, she looks down at the crumpled table.
“Plus we can’t kill them.” John says, Jason nodding in agreement.
“Why?” Trent says.
“Because we are rogues, if we kill them the whole pack would be after us.” Jason says, starting to clean up the table.
“That is bullshit, she was a human they should be killed because of that.” Trent says.
“She isn’t a human now, she is a werewolf, and they won’t believe us. Torturing rogues is allowed. It is there word against ours.” Jason says, standing up getting into Trent’s face.
“I’m going to kill them.” Trent starts to storm towards the door.
“Don’t.” Mackenzie says, they all look at her. 
“Why not? They deserved to be killed.” Trent says, confused on why this girl would stand up for such horrible people just in the last couple of hours he can tell the damage they did to her, physically and mentally. When he first saw her at the lake, yes he was captivated by her beauty but he could also see scars running across her body along with bite marks showing that she is a changed wolf. During the time they have talked he noticed little stuff; he would move his hand asking for the butter and she would flinch. John dropped his fork and she ducked under the table in fetal position. 
“Oh they do, but I’m going to kill them, and you are all going to help train me.” She says taking the room by surprise, this was the first time she raised her voice to them and it was strong.
She was tired of being scared, she wanted to take a stand. This was her second chance to live.
Chapter 4
Over the next month all of them would train. Mackenzie, now going by Mac, started to get her old life back. She told her old family she ran away, knowing that if Robert or Michelle caught her they would kill her for telling their secret, beside who would believe her about being kidnapped by a werewolf family. She contacted her publisher, Mac was expecting her to be pissed, but apparently one of her books was sold to a movie, and it was number one seller. Forty-five million was added to Mac’s bank accountant immediately, and the sequel book was coming out into theaters soon and she was supposed to get even more money off of it. The publisher didn’t care if Mac wrote another book again. She didn’t bother calling the school or her friends. She didn’t want to go back, it was in Montana and she wanted to avoid that as long as possible. She was now almost twenty-one and ready to start her life over again. 
Because of the money she got off her books, all she did was train all day. Why the others worked. She would run around the forest, trying to get her speed and stamina up. She also went to the nearest town taking Karate classes, it was all humans and she learned through her wolf how to mask her sent for a human. It came in handy when she runs into the occasional wolf in town. 
To learn how to fight wolves better she would find random rogues traveling through the forest, battling them in human form. They were always up for thinking beating a girl would be easy but after a couple weeks in she started to become the best fighter in their neck of the woods. When the boys weren’t working they were also training with her, all becoming an undefeatable team. Her teaching them such as Karate or tricks she found from other rogues, helped them improve immensely. She was starting to be happy again at moments, it didn’t start out right away, she would still flinch at any quick gestures or duck under the table if somebody made a loud noise. But she was getting better, she was stronger, smarter, and she knew that she was by herself in this world, it gave her the push to train harder. If she wanted to be saved than she would do that herself. She loved her boys, but she knew she couldn’t rely on somebody to save her.

She was grabbing her clothes, hiding them among the trees. It was her first full moon, she hadn’t been in her wolf form since the last one where she escaped and “War” as Mac calls her wolf was dying to get out. The boys and her were all excited to run as a group, traveling the forest, chasing each other, and enjoying the night. Mac even got up extra early that morning preparing them a big breakfast. 
“Mac, grab my extra shorts.” Trent yells from the other room.  They wanted to be extra prepared and hide clothes around their land just in case something happens. Their land was big, spacing out five miles from each side of the house. Mac bought the land around the house once she got the money, the owner was more than happy to sell and now her and her friends could run around and not worry about humans seeing them.
“Hurry up, it is almost eleven.” Mac yells at the boys. They exit the house, all only wearing shorts showing off there six packs. 
“Let’s start at the lake.” John says, starting a slow job towards it, the rest of them following. They make it there with in thirty minutes, some of the boys out of breath but Mac fine. She started to stretch out, the boys joining her. 
“So do we just run for hours on end?” Mac asks.
 “We do run for a while, but we can do other stuff.” Jason says. He and Mac have become the closest, he was always there for her when she would have her nightmares, running to her room, and holding her until she fell asleep again. 
“Tag, let’s play tag.” Trent says, jumping up and down on the balls of his feet. He was the oldest, but acted the most like a teenager. 
“That’s a kid game.” John says, he was the youngest in the group but didn’t act it. He was the mature one, always seeing reason.
“Tag sounds like fun. Now let’s get to wolf form. War wants out.” Mac says, finishing up her stretches. She throws her top off, her breast falling loose, she didn’t bother with a bra tonight.
“Damn.” Trent says.
“Nice.” John says.
“What are you doing?” Jason says, stepping in front of her, blocking the view from the guys.
“Changing in to War.” Mac says.
“Yes but you can’t do that in front of us.” Jason says. 
“Move.” Trent says trying to shove Jason out of his view.
“It isn’t like you haven’t seen me naked before.” Mac says, dropping her shorts. She didn’t bother with underwear tonight either. 
“Shit.” Both Trent and John said.
“That was different.” Jason says. 
“How?” Mac says.
“You didn’t have a figure then.” Jason says. Mac looks down and notices that instead of being just bones she now has curves.
“Look I’m going to be naked in front of you guys. Get use to it.” Mac says.
“Oh we will.” Trent says.
“Can’t you change behind a tree?” Jason says. 
“I will see you naked and you will see me naked now get over it.” Mac says, shoving Jason out of the way changing into her wolf. The stare before by the guys was nothing when they saw her wolf. 
What? Mac thinks.
Because of them being a pack in their own way they were able to communicate through mind link, helping out when their wolf forms needs to attack another predator or if trouble is near.
“You’re huge.” John says.
Is that a fat joke? Mac thinks.
“No like huge for a wolf, you come to my shoulder and I’m 6’3”.” John says. 
“I want to ride her.” Trent says, jumping on Mac’s back. He lays his face down in her dark fur feeling the softness run through his fingers.
“Get off of her, she isn’t a horse.” Jason says.
“She is close to one.” Trent says.
Aren’t your wolves my size? Mac asks.
“No, all of our wolves are around here.” He gestures to his mid-section, coming about a foot less than her.
“She is meant to be our Alpha.” Jason says, Trent jumps off of her when he hears this.
“She is.” Trent says.
What are talking about? Mac asks.
“Big wolves are meant to be Alphas, you are part of our pack so you will be ours. I mean you already take care of us and help us out whenever possible.” Jason says.
“Plus your bossy.” Trent says, earning a growl from Mac.
“She is perfect.” John says, getting down on his knee bowing down to Mac.
What is he doing? Mac asks taking a step back.
The others don’t answer her, joining John, bowing down to Mac.
“Our Alpha.” They all say. Mac feels a bit different but she just assumed it was the cold air. The guys knew her shifting of the feet was her feeling the power, and once back in human form a small birthmark of a wolf’s paw would go next to her neck. 
Stop being weird, let’s just run already. Mac says. Her tone felt different than what she was used to, the guys got up immediately shifting in there wolves, the brothers turning into a brown colored wolves and Trent turning into an auburn wolf color. 
They run for hours, playing chase with each other.
Chapter 5
“I will get out of here, and I will kill you.” Mac says. 
“Oh I doubt that.” The man looks down at her, his silvery hair shining in the light. 
Mac was captured at the recent full moon, just when she was getting the handle of being Alpha and here she found a psycho that is now testing her as a science experiment. 
She was running in the woods with her boys. They just started their run and were racing each other to the other side of the field. She knew the others couldn’t keep up with her, but to keep them happy she slowed down a bit. It was just for fun anyways. It was the first full moon since she became Alpha and was excited for it.  She looked behind her at the guys catching a different sent other than her packs. 
“Somebodies on our land.” She thinks to the guys. It wasn’t familiar, but just to be careful she wanted the guys to go home. “Go home, stay around the house.” Mac thinks to them.
“We aren’t leaving you.”  Jason thinks back. She knew they wouldn’t but she was a little worried, it didn’t smell like a full on human or full on werewolf.
“Shifter.” John thinks, sniffing the air. 
“Shifter?” Mac question, she remembers that was what Michelle called Jasmine a long time ago.
“Yes a shifter, has extra sensitive hearing, and has strength stronger than a human but weaker that a werewolf. They are part of the werewolf world but they can’t shift into a werewolf. Most females are this; it is actually surprising you aren’t.” John thinks.
“But it is a male.” Mac thinks, locking eyes with the silver eyed man.
“That is unheard of.” John thinks, trying to find the man.
“Go home now.” Mac thinks, eyeing the gun in the man’s hand.  The guys can’t help but listen, she used her Alpha voice.
“But what about you?” Jason thinks.
“I will be fine.” She thinks back to their running forms. But she knew she wouldn’t when the gun was pointed her way. It stung, and then she slowly fell asleep.
That was three weeks ago, she was worried about her group but she couldn’t contact them. The man, whose name is Zane, was doing a science experiment on her. He wanted to know how much silver a werewolf could take before they died. Mac just thought it was the same as humans, but what she didn’t realize was werewolves had a different effect with silver. Just the brief touched burned. She went through pain for the last couple of weeks, and today was the first time when the silver was injected and it didn’t hurt. 
“Don’t hold in your screams. You know I need everything to help me with my experiment.” Zane says, adding another needle filled vile to her arm.
“I’m not holding anything in.” Mac says. Her wrist, that were burning both weeks from being chained by silver to the wall were feeling a bit tingling but in a good way. 
“Really what about this?” Zane grabs a knife, pressing the flat side of the blade to her face. Nothing, she didn’t hurt, nor did she feel pain. “Interesting, I do say this is exciting.” Zane says jumping with joy, while scribbling down his notes.
“Can I be let go now.” Mac says, knowing the answer already.
“No, now we must see how long without silver in the body can you last until the pain comes back.” Zane says. He leaves the room taking his tools with him. Mac hated this guy, he at least fed her unlike the family did. She liked science but what this guy is up to is horrible. 

It was a week later she knew the full moon was tonight, and even though she wasn’t able to contact her wolf on any other day she could feel War stirring inside her. She was getting out. 
“So day ten on no silver.” Zane says coming in the room. “How does this feel.” He grabs the blade pressing it against her face again. She yet again felt nothing, he would get excited everyday this happened, waiting, wondering if his experiment will last.
“Nothing.” Mac says.
“This is truly exciting, you know you were the tenth wolf I captured and you are the first girl. Plus the only one to survive the silver. Really it is exciting, think about what we could do in a year’s time with you.” Zane says, not looking at Mac but writing down notes in his binder the whole time. He has grown fond of her through the month, enjoying her company, at one point he wanted to let the chains go and take her out to dinner, but he knew right now wasn’t the time. 
“I will kill you, I hope you know this.” Mac says. She pulls at her chains but they don’t come lose. 
“Oh you don’t mean that.” Zane says, placing a kiss on her forehead. He didn’t like her brown hair, he would have to die that silver at one point. He left the room leaving a struggling Mac.
She waited hours until the full moon was at the highest. War wanted out and Mac wanted her out. She pushed and pushed against the chains, it took an hour before a crack was made around were the chains were locked into the wall. Freedom it was about time. She pulled giving it as much effort as possible the chains finally coming loose. She smiled shifting in her wolf, the silver chained tickled her paws before she was able to step out of them. She wanted his blood, and she wanted it now. She uses her senses smelling him in the other room. She doesn’t hesitate running into the room. He is eating a dinner staring at his paper, making notes in the binder beside him; he is surprised seeing a giant wolf coming into his dining room. He looks at the nearest window giving Mac a hint that he will try to run, Mac jumps towards him bringing her teeth down across his leg. He grabs a nearby stick out of the fire place shoving it into Mac’s shoulder, it burns. She can smell the flesh being burned off her skin. She yelps letting go of his leg, he takes the chance to escape through the window. Mac was in pain, it hurt and she didn’t think her wolf form would heal it completely. She changed back in her human form, looking around the house finding a large t-shirt. She didn’t want to look at the burn just yet; she ran some cool water on it and headed out of the house, being on her guard for Zane.
Chapter 6
“Anybody here.” Mac shouts through the cabin. It took her hours to get home, she mostly ran in wolf, and now the sun was above her. She expected most of them to be asleep in there rooms, but when she walked into the kitchen she saw a giant mess with four people passed out in the living room. Dishes were everywhere including clothes. She recognized the three guys but there was a girl there that she didn’t know. “Wake up.” She shouts, causing them all to stir.
“Damn I’m having that dream again.” Jason says, looking up at Mac from the floor.
“What dream?” John inquires.
“You know the one where Mac is back, and we are happy again.” Jason says.
“I don’t know what Mac looks like, but this girl is really pretty.” The girl says looking at Mac.
“Guess I’m having the same dream as you, so come on.” Trent says towards Mac.
“Come on?” Mac says, confused on what he meant.
“You know how this dream goes, you come over here start kissing me, and then Katie joins in. We make love for hours, and the rest of the guys are jealous.” Trent says. 
“Asshole.” The girl, named Katie, says to Trent. Smacking him on the chest.
“Gross Trent, ya so not a dream. I’m back.” Mac says. The room doesn’t really move, but Jason is the first up after a couple minutes.
“Please tell me this isn’t a lie.” Jason says. Placing his hands all over Mac’s face, making sure she is real.
“It isn’t a lie, I’m back.” Mac says. The others don’t hesitate to hug her, grabbing her in a hug.
“So this is Mac.” Katie says, she didn’t hug Mac but staid near the couch.
“Yes, and may I ask who are you.” Mac says, trying to walk over to shake the girls hand, but Jason doesn’t let go of his hug. “Jason.” Mac says.
“Sorry.” Jason says. He doesn’t stop hugging her just moves his arms to around her waist, walking with her over to Katie.
“I’m Katie, Trent’s mate.” Katie says, shaking Mac’s hand.
“Trent’s mate, shit I did miss a lot.” Mac says. 
“You are okay right?” Jason says holding her tighter to him.
“I’m fine, but exhausted. Can I go up to bed and we can talk about this later.” Mac says heading over to her room.
“You aren’t leaving my site.” Jason says, walking with her to her room. Even though the house is a mess her room was perfectly clean. 
“Can I change clothes?” Mac says. 
“I will help.” Jason says picking her up walking over to the dresser.
“We will all help.” John says grabbing a shirt from the other dresser. 
“You aren’t leaving any of our sites.” Trent says plopping on the bed. 
“I doubt Katie is okay with you seeing me naked.” Mac says, Katie is in the doorway watching the boys help Mac get ready for bed.
“No I’m fine with it, I haven’t seen a smile on his face. Not even when he met me, so to see him like this makes me happy. I finally get my whole mate.” Katie says, looking proudly at her mate. Mac just nods, happy to see that her pack is finally happy again. Jason grabs her shirt throwing it in the trash, placing clothes on her. 
“Goodnight guys.” Mac says lying down in the middle of the bed on her stomach.
“Oh I don’t think so.” Jason picks her up placing her on top of his lying form. John jumps on her right, taking one of hands in his placing his other hand across her back. Trent does the same on the left. 
“Katie you honestly don’t care?”  Mac says.
“I don’t give a crap.” Katie says while closing the door. “I will go clean the house a bit.” 
“Fine but I drool.” Mac says to the guys.
She doesn’t fall asleep right away, talking to the guys about their lives, then eventually giving away what happened with Zane. 
“I don’t remember the first three weeks that much, mostly that every day there would be a vile of silver put into my arm.” Mac says, feeling all the guys arms tighten around her form being worried. “But after a while it didn’t hurt any more, and then it was just sitting waiting until he comes back to trying silver against me. He would sit and talk for hours about his past experiments to me, I was the first to survive the silver, apparently that made me special.” Mac says, she didn’t cry just nuzzled her face into Jason’s neck.
“I’m surprised you are still alive, normally just a cup full of silver would kill us.” John says, stroking Mac’s hair.
“Lucky me.” Mac says. “It wasn’t until yesterday that I could feel War. It wasn’t until late at night that we decided to change. He didn’t put up much of a fight, using something out of the fire to burn me. It doesn’t hurt now but I doubt it is fully healed. He got away because of it though.” Mac says. 
“Can we see it?” Jason says, raising Mac’s shirt. She sits up helping them remove the shirt. All the guys make a hiss at the same time, taking in the burn.
“Is it that bad?” Mac says.
“He branded you.” Trent says.
“What do you mean?” Mac asks.
“I mean Zane’s name is burned into your shoulder.” Trent says, Mac runs over to the mirror, looking over her shoulder to see Zane scorched into her shoulder blade.
“Bastard.” Mac says, throwing her shirt back on.
“We will kill him,” Jason says.
“No it is my job to kill him, but because of my bite on him I doubt he will be around anytime soon.” Mac says climbing back on top of Jason, the guys throwing their arms around her again. Trent lightly traced the burn over the shirt, being careful not hurt her. John keeps stroking her hair. Jason placing soft kisses against her forehead, she slowly fell asleep with her boys. 

“It’s my birthday.” Mac shouts, finally twenty-one and she was going down town to the nearest club. 
“Somebody is excited.” Trent says, Katie walking in the room behind him. Her and Katie have grown close, almost like sisters.
“Of course I am, it has been two months and I have yet to have any problems with Zane or the family. Plus it is my birthday. I’m getting drunk.” Mac says. 
“We can’t get drunk.” John says, he is at the dining table scarfing down breakfast. It was true most werewolves can’t get drunk because they are so warm, it took liters of alcohol to get one of them drunk.
“Maybe you can’t, but I know how to push my wolf away.” Mac says. She closes her eyes, taking deep breaths. “Smell, what do I smell like?” John sniffs expecting Mac to either smell like a werewolf or a shifter, but she doesn’t smell like either. She smells human.
“How?” John asks.
“Something War taught me.” Mac says. “So tonight I’m getting drunk.”
They reached the club hours later, it wasn’t that big and had a country theme to it. But it was a place where Mac could get drunk and she was excited, she hasn’t drank since she was in college and missed the days.
“Chug, chug, chug.” The crowd shouted towards Mac. She lost her friends somewhere in the club leaning on a gorgeous guy to her right.
“Wow you can drink.” The guy says. Mac just looks up at him and smiles, she use to drink a lot in college.
“College baby, it taught me everything.” Mac says. She was feeling good, happy, and a bit dizzy.
“Want to dance?” The guy says, she looks up at him. His eyes are a dark brown almost black look, matching his black hair. He is whiter than most people, but in Idaho where is there to tan. 
“Sure.” She says, grabbing his hand taking him in the middle of the floor. The club was playing a clubby country song. She was able to grind against him without being the weird person that stood out.
“My name is Raphael. What is yours beautiful?” Raphael says, leaning down whispering in her ear.
“It’s Mac, and it is my birthday.” Mac says, wrapping her arms around his neck.
“Well then you deserve a birthday kiss.” He leans down placing his lips on hers. It starts out soft, but the passions builds on it. His tongue licking her bottom lip asking for entrance. She allows him, he starts to explore her mouth, placing his hand around her waist bringing her closer. She could taste the alcohol and a bit of copper on his tongue but she was enjoying the kiss. “Let’s go somewhere more private.” Raphael says, grabbing Mac’s hand taking her outside to the side ally. 
He pushes her up against the wall smashing his lips down on to hers. He breaks away, peppering kisses around her neck. Mac wasn’t feeling great about this, War was searching to be surfaced, and Mac was losing control of being human. “Easy,” Mac hears Raphael says. Mac doesn’t listen, letting War come out a bit. He switches sides, kissing the other side of her neck, she feels something sharp drag across her skin. “Humans you are willing to trust any pretty face.” He says, before biting down on Mac’s neck.  She grabs his hair, holding him in place. It feels good, it feels great actually. But he tries to stop, pushing against her hand. He looks at her, pure black eye look down at Mac. Blood dripping down his mouth, and fangs pointing out brushing against his lip. “You’re a werewolf.” Raphael says, he looks at Mac’s blue blazing eyes.
“Ya and apparently you’re a vampire. To tell you the truth didn’t think you were real.” Mac says. She rubs her neck, it started to burn.  He leans over the wall throwing up the blood in his stomach. 
“Shit, I’m not ready to die.” Raphael says. 
“What are you talking about?” Mac says, now that War surfaced she was sobering up fast.
“Werewolf blood kills me, and vampire blood kills you.” He falls to the ground. Mac starts to feel her knees go weak, and the ally started to sway around her.  He keeps coughing up blood but he was getting worse, and Mac new she was as well.
Guys, ally now. Mac thinks to the group.
“Why did you bite me then?” Mac says, falling on the ground next to the vampire, her vision getting worse. 
“I thought you were human, most werewolves can’t pass as humans.” He pants between coughs.
“So you killed us.” She says, she hears the door bang open her pack looking down at her.
“What is happening?” Jason says. Mac rolls over gagging, slowly blood drops out her mouth. 
“You bit her.” John says, picking Raphael up by his collar.
“You killed the both of you.” Trent says.
Blood, that was what Mac wanted, she needed blood to heal her. But her pack was close she didn’t want to hurt them.
“I didn’t know she was werewolf.” Raphael says, his clothes drop to the floor, ash cover them all.
“He’s gone, how long does she have?” Trent asks, rushing over to Mac.
“Stay away.” Mac says raising her hand, she hears a thump seeing Trent across the ally. Blood trickling down his arm from hitting the wall.
“What was that?” Katie says, helping Trent up.
“I don’t know.” John says. Mac wanted his blood, all their blood. She can hear the pumping of their heart. But they were her pack right? Something was fighting inside her for her not to kill them.
“Mac?” Jason says, Mac looks up at him, her eyes pure black not even the white showing.
“Shit. That isn’t possible.” John says.
“Blood.” Mac says, she stands up in one smooth motion. She raises her hand, trapping Jason against the wall, without touching him. “I want blood.” Mac says. 
“What is happening?” Trent says.
“She got his power.” John says.
“What are you talking about?” Trent says.
“The vampire, he had a power. It must have been telekinetic.” John says.
“Mac.” Jason pants out. She is right on him, her fangs sticking out. He looks at her eyes, they change to blue, then back to pure black, switching to brown for a second. He drops to the floor, taking in deeps breaths, trying to get air back into his lungs. 
“Shit, sorry.” Mac says. He looks up to see blue eyes. She turns away, leaving a blur where she runs. 
“Is she a…” Trent asks.
“That is impossible.” John says.
“It is right?” Katie asks.
“How the hell am I supposed to know?” John says.
“You’re supposed to be the smart one.” Katie says.
“That doesn’t mean I know everything. But there a myths, but it is impossible.” John yells.
“Stop yelling at her.” Trent says.
“She’s a vampire.” Jason says, getting his breath back.
“Not just that she is the Black Luna.” John says.
Chapter 7
She disappeared for a couple of days. The pack had no clue where she was, and hoping for her to come back soon. They were amazed, a werewolf vampire. It was a myth they heard years ago, never thinking it would happen in there generation. They normally die within minutes of the vampire venom. But Mac lived, she was alive somewhere. 
“So Black Luna, I still don’t get it.” Trent says eating his breakfast.
“Like I said before it is a combination of a vampire and werewolf. She is supposed to help us with any threat, hunter, vampire, and even werewolves. But it might not be true, it is just a myth I heard as a kid.” John says.
“But it could be true?” Trent says.
“Why don’t remember this?” Jason asks.
“Because you were too busy playing in the mud while I listen to mom’s stories and yes it could be true. I mean how else did she survive the bit?” John says.
“I think Mac is perfect for the job.” Katie says.
“I don’t really think it is a job more like a destiny.” John says.
“What is it supposed to fill?” Trent asks.
“I don’t know, I barely remember the story.” John says.
“She is still perfect for it.” Katie says.
“I guess that is true, especially what she has been through.” John says. They go quiet thinking of Mac.
They were doing the dishes and cleaning up the house when Mac knocked on the door.
“Hello.” Mac says, staying in the door way, worried that they wouldn’t want her back.
“You’re back.” Jason says, running up and grabbing her by the waste. 
“I’m so sorry Jason.” Mac says, tears falling down her face. “I never wanted to hurt you.” 
“I forgive you, and if you ever need blood I’m open for business.” Jason says.
“Same.” John, Trent, and Katie say at the same time.
“Thanks, but I think I’m good.” Mac says. “I can live off of animal blood.” Jason lets go letting the others hug her. “So you don’t hate me?” Mac says.
“Of course not.” Trent says.
“You are our Alpha.” John says.
“Our sister.” Katie says.
“And our best friend.” Jason finishes.
“But I’m a vampire now.” Mac says.
“Which would make you a hell of a lot better than any other Alpha.” Trent says. 
“Oh shut up.” Mac says, barely pushing him, but him flying into the other room. “Shit, I’m so sorry Trent.” She runs into the other room, Trent sprawled out on the couch. The rest start to laugh.
“It’s fine, what was that?” Trent ask, standing up but keeping his distance from Mac.
“I don’t know, I think I have super strength or something. Vamp says the combinations of her power and War makes me stronger than any other creature. Guess I’m still not use to it.” Mac says.
“Vamp?” John ask.
“Ya she is my vampire side, she is actually pretty cool. She agrees with me on the no eating human thing. She doesn’t mind the deer blood that I drink. It doesn’t make us super strong, but we are already stronger than most so she doesn’t care.” Mac says taking a seat on the couch.
“Can we meet her, or do you not have control over her yet?” Katie asks, joining Mac on the couch, the rest follow filling up the room.
“I have control over the whole not eating a living object in front of me, but my power is still a little hazy.” Mac says.
“Power?” Trent ask.
“Yep I’m a telekinetic, able to move things with my mind. Watch.” Mac says, she looks over the book case, the book flies out almost hitting the Jason in the head, but landing in Mac’s lap. “Sorry, like I said not completely skilled yet.”
“It is fine.” Jason says, grabbing her hand.
“That is awesome.” Trent screams. “Do it again.” He is now jumping up and down on the couch. Mac lifts the book up with her hand than stares at it, it starts to float, circling around Trent. He tries to grab it, but Mac moves it a second before causing him to fall. “Meanie.” Trent says, Mac just sticks her tongue out at him.
“One more question.” Jason says. “Why are your eyes brown?”
“Oh well I lean on my vampire side more than my werewolf side. She has the power and is in more control of her emotions. A changed werewolf always has anger issues, but a changed vampire is in control. So the eyes end up brown, when there bluish green I’m at perfect balance, and when there just blue War is in control. But if they are mostly black or all black that is Vamp in control.” Mac says, changing them so the group can tell which part of her is in control.
“Again super awesome.” Trent says. “What else can vampires do?”
“I don’t know about most vampires, but other than being stronger than most, I am also a lot faster, and a lot more graceful than what I was. But other than that I am normal.” Mac says.
“Do you burn in daylight?” Trent asks.
“Most vampires can, but because of War I don’t I can also see myself in the mirror. Like I said normal.”
“Well it is still cool.” Trent says, sounding a bit disappointed.
“So again you guys are fine with me staying in the pack being Alpha?” 
“Yes.” They all said at once.
“Well than I was thinking we need a beta, because if I keep going missing we need somebody in charge when I‘m gone.” Mac says, seeing the group nod. “I was thinking Jason. He is responsible, and was pretty much in charge before I came along.” 
“I agree.” John says bowing down to Jason. Trent and Katie follow.
“So how do I make him beta?” Mac ask.
“Ask him if he will accept being beta.” John says.
“Jason do you accept being my beta?” Mac ask Jason.
“I accept.” Jason says. They can feel the power coming off him now. “So my first order of business is I want a bigger house.” They all laugh at this.

Chapter 8
Everything was going great, it was June and summer was about to begin. The house had just finished being remodeled; it was now two stories with seven rooms. Mac got the biggest room, right at the top of the stairs, with her office right next to it. Jason and John lived upstairs as well, Trent and Katie taking down stairs, wanting their privacy. Every room had a queen size bed and a bathroom. They built in a basement with a gym and pure silver room. After the first full moon, Mac being a vampire werewolf realized the issues that came with being it. She learned that her Vampwolf was very protective and killed anything that seemed like a threat to her or her pack. She decided it was best to build a room that she could change into each full moon. She wanted to be in there all day being extra temperamental fighting off her Vampire and Wolf at the same time, causing her to hate who every even did something to slightly upset her. But Jason wouldn’t have it, he didn’t believe she should give up a day for the vampwolf. She went in an hour before darkness fell, and would comeback out once the rest of the pack was done with their run. There was no sign of Zane or the family, and the pack have only had a few rogue attacks, any one of them able to defeat the rogues within seconds.  They were enjoying their life.
“I can’t believe this.” Jason says, joining the others in the kitchen, him caring the mail.
“It isn’t like the gas bill cost that much.” Mac says, noticing an open letter in his hand but to lazy to try and read it.
“No, although somebody needs to stop putting the heater on at night.” Jason says glaring at Trent.
“What I get cold.” Trent says.
“You are a werewolf, we barely get cold.” Jason says.
“Anyways, you said you can’t believe something.” Mac says, tired of the monthly fight about the heating bill.
“It is from the head council.” Jason says.
“We have a head council?” Mac says.
“They are the people that make sure packs don’t take over each other for stupid reasons, they also have to accept every new pack before they are made official.” John says.
“But we are a pack, yet I’ve never spoken to these people.” Mac says, confused by the whole situation.
“To be a real pack under them we need ten people, we are only at five.” John says.
“Does it matter, we are a pack in our mines.” Jason says. “Now will you look at this letter.” Mac grabs it, wondering what is so important.
Dear Rogue pack,
The council has set up new rules this year hoping to expand the community in its knowledge about werewolves.  Shifters, Werewolves, and any humans that knows about the werewolf world has to attend their nearest werewolf school for a year. For this rogue pack it would be Stafford academy. Only werewolves, shifters, and humans between the age of 20-24 have to attend, unless they have a valid excuse this is mandatory. If they do not attend they will be sent to jail for a year, learning the required material anyways. 
Thank you for your time.
Hope you enjoy your knew schooling.
Sincerely, 
Council
“I have to go back to high school.” Mac says, rereading the letter over again. “Oh wait I’m a vampire no I don’t.” 
“If you want to stay our Alpha, you will go to this school, otherwise you will lose this position.” John says, taking the letter out of her hand reading it.
“Crap.” Mac says
“When does it start?” Trent asks.
“End of August.” John says reading the back information about the details.
“Where is this Stafford place anyways?” Mac asks.
“Not that far, in Montana though.” John says.
“I’m not going.” Mac says.
“Come on you aren’t the same person. You can take them, plus they might not even go to your school. Didn’t you say Derrick was around twenty five when you left?” Jason says, grabbing Mac in a hug.
“Yes but there is still Sandy she is around my age.” Mac says, losing her appetite she pushes her plate away.
“We will be there for you.” Jason says, holding her tighter for comfort.
“Fine.” Mac says. “I’m going to the store, anybody need anything.” She wanted to be distracted buying stuff helps distracts her, even if it just food.
“Sure I will come.” Jason says, standing up, Mac following. 
“I’m driving.” Mac says. “We will talk about this stupid letter later guys.” She says this to the room walking out of the door.
“Sure.” They says. 
They jump into the car heading to the store.
“You’re different; they won’t be able to hurt you again.” Jason says, grabbing her hand giving it a small kiss. She takes it back placing it back on the stirring wheel. She was angry and going 70 in a 50 mile zone.
“I know, I’m stronger than they will ever be. But you know I just wanted to forget about my past.” Mac says pulling up to the store.
“Well look on the bright side maybe you could kill them.” Jason says. Mac smiles at him, giving him a quick hug. She takes a sniff calming herself down.
“Thanks for everything.” Mac says. “I’m sorry I’m doing this to you again and don’t worry I will make it back.” She shoves him into the freezer using her powers to lock it. Jason is confused until he sees a dart sticking out of her neck, a guy with silver hair catching her before she falls.
I will be back. Mac’s think to Jason.

“Why did you run away from me?” Zane says to Mac. He hits her on the side of her head, it hurt, but was numbed down a bit from the previous hits.
“I told you, it is because you are psycho.” Mac says, receiving another hit to her face.
“Bitch.” Zane says.
“I am a female werewolf, what are you?” Mac says. She knew Zane wasn’t going to kill her on purpose, he needed her. 
“Well it is time for your next experiment, I see you survived silver and it has lasted all this time.” Zane says, he takes the extra measure placing the blade on the side of her face again. She doesn’t move or scream so he moves on. “Now it is time to see how you survive vampire blood in your system.” Mac tries her best not to smile, she already knows she can survive it but she isn’t telling this guy.
“Please don’t, I don’t want to die.” Mac says, trying to hold in her laughter.
“Think, it will be for the greater good.” Zane says, pushing the vile in her arm. 
“Oh no, the pain, the horror, the agony.” Mac says. “How did you even obtain vampire blood anyways?”
“This one was quite weak, put some gold in its drink and it was begging for help.” Zane says. Mac didn’t know gold would hurt her, but she was glad she did now. She felt the blood go into her system, she wonders if this vampire had a power like the last one. She is hoping for fire, that way Zane could go up in smoke.
He observed her for an hour, waiting, but nothing about Mac changed. 
“How are you not dead yet?” Zane says.
“I was thinking the same thing about you.” Mac says.
“I will give you until the morning if you aren’t dead by then, I will test your level of obtaining gold.” Zane says leaving the room.
He has silver pumping through her system stopping her from controlling both Vamp and War. But she knew just like last time, she will be able to get out at the full moon.

After four weeks, the full moon rose, but Zane was nowhere in sight. He hid this time, in a closet or just left his place, Mac didn’t know. He knew she would get free, he even tried to double sedate her but the Vampwolf combine could fight through anything on full moon nights. She searched for hours, but couldn’t find him. She was tired, the gold took a week longer than the silver did for her vampire to get use. But now gold wouldn’t hurt her, neither would silver. She has yet to see how there is an advantage to this, but she knew she would find one.
Just like last time the place was a mess. Instead of shouting at the passed out guys on the floor, she just cuddled up to them resting her head on Jason, grabbing both Trent’s and John’s hand. She would grab Katie, but she was practically under Trent.  Mac fell asleep with her boys.
She felt something on her lips, they were rough against her, a slimy thing scrapping against it.  She turns her head not bothering to open her eyes. She dozes off, until she feels something cupping her breast. 
“What the hell?” Mac says jumping up, waking the rest of the guys. “Trent you idiot, why the hell were you kissing me and feeling me up?” 
“I thought it was a dream.” Trent says. Katie smacks him on the head. 
“Mac.” John and Jason shout, tackling her to the ground. She laughs giving them both hugs back.  Trent tries to jump in, but Jason stops him.
“I think you had enough of Mac.” Jason says, not letting Mac go. 
“I thought it was a dream, it isn’t my fault.” Trent says. “Please can I have a hug,” He is on his knees looking up her.
“Fine.” Mac says, Trent jumps up swinging her around. 
“You are better in the dream.” Trent whispers in her ear. 
“Asshole.” Mac says pushing him away. Katie goes up giving her a hug. “Sorry,” Mac says. 
“It isn’t your fault, plus again, look at how happy he is.” Katie says, looking over at the smiling Trent. “I was worried, that he would never be like this again.” Katie says, going over hugging him. “Glad you’re back honey.” She kisses him on the cheek. “Glad you are all back.” She says looking at the room. 
“So I’m hungry, how about some food.” Mac says, grabbing her rumbling stomach. They all laugh, but go over the kitchen making Mac a huge lunch. 
“Tell us.” Jason says, he has Mac sitting on his lap, not wanting to be away from her again.
“So you know how last time he put silver in me.” Mac says, every bodies face turning into a pissed one. “This time he did it with gold. It hurt, but now I can touch gold fine.” Mac says.
“Why would he test you with gold he doesn’t know you are a Vampire does he?” John asks.
“Oh ya that brings me to the first thing he did, he put Vampire blood in me. I have a new power.” Mac says. Right in front of their eyes she went from blonde to brunette to black hair, along with her skin color changing. 
“So now you can change your looks?” Trent asks. 
“That isn’t all.” She reaches over grabbing Trent’s arm, he changed into an Asian man causing laughter to go across the table. 
“What?” Trent says, after laughing for five minutes, Katie takes mercy on him pointing the shiny spoon at him. “Change me back.” Trent screeches.
“Oh did you not like being an Asian man.” Mac says, grabbing his arm turning him back to normal. 
“So every time you get bitten or put vampire blood in you, you get a new power?” John asks.
“Pretty much. I’m sure at one point it will stop working.” Mac says. “It also gets hard controlling Vamp, right now she is the overpowering force. She takes up more of the blood system so she is more in control.” Mac says. 
“If you get more werewolf blood in you would it contour react it?” John asks.
“Probably.” Mac says. “I’m thirsty guys I’m going to grab… well actually I guess my stock is bad.” Mac says, talking about the deer blood she keeps in pouches, in her refrigerator, stored in her room.
“Actually we kept it updated each week.” Jason says. 
“Oh thanks guys.” She goes to stand but Jason’s hand tightens on her waist.
“Did you get him?” Jason says, talking about Zane. Mac just shakes her head, every bodies mood drops at the table.  She stands up leaving the table.


Chapter 9
It was the first day of school, no sign of Zane which Mac was happy about. She was always on alert, where ever she would go taking sniffs of the people around. 
“I don’t want to go.” Trent says, Mac was waking them all up except Katie, she got herself up. Being that it was already 7 and school was an hour away, plus it started at 8:30 she needed them up.
“Fine.” Mac says. She uses her power lifting the bed vertically dropping Trent on the floor. 
“No fair you used your powers,” Trent says.
 “Be happy I didn’t use the bucket.” Mac says, talking about the water bucket.
It took about fifteen minutes to get all the boys in her car. She bought an SUV so they could all go to school together. She wanted them all to stay close to her, them being rogues and having two other packs going to the school didn’t help her nerves. 
When they arrived at the school, she got prime parking coming in thirty minutes before school started.
“See you didn’t have to get me up so early.” Trent says.
“You slept in the car the whole way.” Mac says, jumping out of the car. She decided, just to be careful, that she would have dark red hair down to her waist instead of her normal brown, and give off a human smell. Favoring on her vampire side, so her emotions are in control.
“It wasn’t as comfy as the bed though.” Trent says. 
“Oh just shut up, I don’t want to be here either. I mean come on a twenty one year old in a high school, it just isn’t right. Anyways let’s go get our schedules.” Mac says. 
Everybody stares at them as they walk to the office, Mac was worried she gave off a werewolf smell, but when she sniffed she only smelt human off her. “Why are they staring?” Mac asks.
“Because we are awesome.” Trent says.
“It’s because we’re rogues and you’re a human.” John says, shoving Trent into a locker.
“So they are going to be assholes to us?” Mac asks.
“Pretty much.” Jason says.
“Great.” Mac says. They reached the counter; there was an old secretary at the desk filing away some paper work. “Can we get our schedules please?” 
“Sure sweety.” She asked for their names, when they left the office people were still staring. Mac kept sniffing the air, worried that Zane might be here, but she only smelled unfamiliar scents.
“We only have two classes together.” Jason says talking to Mac.
“Same.” John, Trent, and Katie say.
“But all five of us are in those classes.” Mac says, she grabs their schedules. “I’m glad to see all of you have somebody in the pack at all times. I know you can all fight, but what I’ve read of the rogue laws is that if you lay a fist first, they have the right to kill you and probably also kill you if you fight back. So if you are getting frustrated, a human such as I, can attack first, so you better call. I have to get to history see you guys later, be good.” Mac says, walking up to each of them giving them a kiss on the cheek. “Bye.” She watches them walking away in there groups of two.
She walks over to her class, a bit early compared to anybody else. She walks to the back, what can she say tradition from the past. Plus she doesn’t need A’s here, she just needs to pass. If she fails she has to return for another year and that is the last thing she needs.
“Crap a human.” She looks over to see a bunch of werewolves entering the classroom. She puts in her IPod not turning up the music to high.
“There are only like two humans going to this damn school and we have to deal with her.” The leader of the gang says. Because of Mac being a werewolf and vampire her hearing is better than anybody she has ever met. Plus she is able to focus on who is talking ignoring the sounds around her. She wants to learn about the other groups but not for them to know about it.
“She is hot.” The boy next to him says. Mac turns out the window hiding her smile.
“Oh shut up, Collin.” The leader says. 
“It doesn’t matter, I’m mated anyways.” Collin says, but Mac can still feel his eyes staring at her. She was glad about what she wore, because of her illusion power she is able to hide her scars, tattoos and alpha mark letting her wear a blue tank top, black skinny jeans along with her combat boots and a pair of sunglasses pulling her hair out of her face at the moment. She wasn’t really looking for romance, but she is a women in her twenty’s and women have needs, so that is why she dressed cute.
“I have my mate as well.” The leader says.
“Gage, you have been with your so called mate for about two years now and still haven’t mated her. I doubt that bitch is your mate.” Collin says. “Plus all I was saying is the human is good looking. But I would never go for her.”
“She is my mate, and your soon to be Alpha female so shut up.” The leader, Gage says. “And it is best if you don’t she is human.” They stay silent for a second probably talking through mind link, Mac thinks.
“Good idea Gage, be back in five.” There other friend says. The class starts in a minute, the teacher calling roll. Mac pays attention, but a bug in her mind was trying to remember where she heard the name Gage before.
“Mackenzie.” The teacher says.
“Here but I go by Mac.” Mac says. Gage that name is familiar, and he looks familiar, maybe he lives in Idaho. Or went to her old college. It wouldn’t surprise her, she already saw a couple of students that did. Thankfully they didn’t recognize her with the new hair and new body frame, from working out, she didn’t bother putting an illusion on, she already looked great.
She screams, feeling the cold water drip down her back. “What the hell?” Mac shouts, she looks up to see a friend with a bucket of water smiling down. 
“Soaking wet, now is that anyway to look on your first day?” Gage says.
“Ha aren’t you hilarious.” Mac says walking up to his desk. Everybody in the class went quiet, wanting to hear what the human had to say to the Alpha. “You know what is super funny, I’m probably the first girl you got wet, and you did it wrong.” Mac says. She glares down at him, her eyes becoming almost black. Vamp hated being disrespected and this guy just crossed a line. The class starts laughing, trying to hide it by coughing.
Mac, I need your help. Jason thinks.
Mac tunes back into the guy in front of her. She knows him, but where. She just realized he was talking.
“girl wet, want me to show you.” Gage says.
“Oh shut up, you couldn’t even if you tried.” Mac says, she looks around, the people are now surrounding Gage’s desk, it is going to be hard to get out.
I’m coming. Mac thinks back. 
She jumps on his desk. He looks taken back, like she is about to tackle him or something. She places her sunglasses down letting her wolf take a bit more control so she could fine her pack. She still smelled like human, but had the wolf senses on. She jumped over the people landing on an empty desk, jumping out the door running down the hall to find Jason and John glaring at two guys. 
“What is going on here?” Mac asks stepping in front of her guys.
“Nothing to concern you with human.” One of the guys says, he has blonde hair and green eyes. 
“Oh are you sure, cause funny thing is they can’t fight you, but I can.” Mac says, getting in a fighting stance.
“We aren’t fighting a girl, let alone a human. Leave before you get hurt.” The other guy pats her on the head. Both John and Jason send growls there way. 
“Go back to class, I will deal with them.” Mac says to Jason and John.
“But.” They both start out saying.
“Now.” She cuts them off, she didn’t use her Alpha tone but they knew it was an order. They both slug off towards class. “Now where were we?”
“You think you can take us.” The blonde one says. 
“No, but I don’t think you can even touch me.” Mac says. The blonde guy tries to grab her arm, she spins, ending up behind him. “Try again.” He does, and then the other guy tries to grab her, both being confused on why they couldn’t simply grab this girl. They were getting tired after five minutes of lunging at her. One gets the bright idea to tackle her, but miss, she sets her foot down on his neck. “Done yet.” He nods, the other stands near the lockers nodding as well. “Good now don’t bug me or my pack again.” They both nod, she steps off the guy’s throat, the belling ringing singling the end of class.
They shouldn’t bug you guys again. Mac thinks.
You didn’t show them yourself, did you? Jason asks.
Nope, I was just an awesome human. Mac thinks.
When she got back to class, her teacher was yelling at her. She was still soaking wet, but apparently the guy dumping a bucket of water on her wasn’t a distraction to the class, but her talking and leaving was. She received a warning, grabbing her stuff heading to her locker. 
“I never asked, why are you soaking wet?” Jason asks, when he reaches her at her locker.
“Cause a kid in my class is an asshole. Can I borrow your hoodie?” He nods handing it over. 
“Thanks, now off to class for you. No being late.” She pushes him, he stumbles a bit but heads off to class. It took her months before she was able to handle her strength. She strips in the hall way, not caring that people would see she has just a bra on, it was like a bikini in her mind. 
“Send your mate off to be a good little boy.” Somebody says behind her. She zip ups the jacket before turning around.
“He isn’t my mate, just best friend.” Mac says, finding out that it was the guys from her class, Gage, being the one who spoke. 
“Of course, why would anybody want you as a mate. A human, a chubby one at that.” Gage says. Mac just starts to laugh.
“Look at me, then look at you.” Mac says, looking at him he has blonde hair, a dark tan making his crystal blue eyes stand out. She thought he was hot, but a complete jerk. She looks down at his books covering his area. “I guess you already did look at me.” She hits the books down on the ground displaying his boner. “Guess you are a chubby chaser if you consider me fat.” Mac says.
“I wasn’t thinking about you.” Gage says, his face becoming red. He glares at his friends stopping them from laughing. 
“Sure,” Mac says, she looks up to see his face the color of a tomato.
“I was thinking of my mate, Sandy.” Gage says. That is when it hits her, how she knows him. She only saw him a few times at the house. She asked him for helped but he thought it was a joke.
She just finished mopping the floor and she was putting the mop away, looking down at her clean shiny floor. They will find this perfect, nothing wrong with this, she thought.
A guy comes running in the room. She looks down at the foot prints of mud leading to where he is standing. 
“Hi.” He says, not realizing what he did. He was the first of the families friends that spoke to her.
“Hi.” Mackenzie says, barely louder than a whisper.
“What are you doing here?” The guy says, he looks around the room wondering if she was Derrick’s girl, maybe Jasmine friend.
“I’m there servant.” Mackenzie says. “I was forced here,” The guy starts laughing.
“What’s going on in here?” Sandy, Jasmine, and Derrick enter the room.
“Oh this girl is hilarious, she is pretending to be your servant, I think the ragged outfit makes it extra special.” The guy says.
“Servant, yes hilarious.” Sandy says, giving off a dry laugh. 
“Actually she is my girl.” Derrick says, coming over and placing his hands on her hips. He leans in giving her a kiss. She leans away, but feels Derricks claws go into her skin stopping her from moving.
“Mate?” The guy asks.
“I don’t think so, but I am obsessed about her. Just like she is obsessed with me.” Derrick says planting another kiss.
“Gage, why don’t you go and run along. We actually wanted to talk to her anyways.” Sandy says.
“Sure I will go finish my football game. Sorry about the floor.” Gage says, looking down at his mess.
“It’s okay sweety, I don’t mind cleaning up after you.” Sandy says, placing her hand on Mackenzie, dragging her up the stairs. 
Sandy took her to the office, where it was sound proof. Derrick following and grabbing a seat on the desk.
“Let’s not do that again.” Sandy says, pushing Mackenzie to the floor sending a kick to the stomach.
That was the last time she talked to Gage, she normally hid from him.
“That bitch is nothing.” Mac says.
“Jealous?” Gage says, sending a smirk her way.
“Of what? Look if you know what is best for you, you would stay away from me, but tell your mate that I’m looking for her.” Mac says, she leaves walking down the hall. The bell has already rung but she didn’t care, she wasn’t going to class this period. 
“Oh you scare me so much.” Gage shouts her way, she just shoves her headphones in wondering about the moment when she runs into Sandy. She can’t kill her on the spot, right?
“Stop.” A guy shouts on her left down the hallway, it isn’t part of her pack but he seems in distress. She runs around the corner, finding not only the two guys from earlier but three more with them. The guy they were hitting had blood gushing down his mouth. The others are laughing at him.
“Stupid rogue.” They say, sending a kick his way.
“Get away from him.” Mac shouts, stopping them all. They look at her. 
“She is hot.” One of the new guys says.
“Human.” The other says. 
 “Why should we stop?” The last new guy says. The two guys from earlier are holding the hurt guy up.
“Get out of here now.” She doesn’t hesitate to use her Alpha tone, they turn around leaving wondering why they listened to a human, dropping the hurt guy on the floor. “Shit you need help.” She lifts him up, letting his weight lean on her. He doesn’t talk much just shuffles his feet against the floor. 
They make it to the nurses’ station, “Not another one.” The nurse says running to grab the first aid kit. 
“How many have been in today?” Mac asks, laying the kid on the bed.
“Between ten and fifteen, all rogues. Your friend here hasn’t been the worse. Honestly the council thought it was good to put rogues and packs in the same school, stupid if you ask me.” She was working on his face stopping the bleeding. “Here once I’m done with him I will write you both a note excusing you from this class, and for the next one.” The nurse says. Mac smiles, glad she won’t get in trouble for skipping. 
It takes almost an hour before the guy becomes fully functional again. Mac stays the whole time, playing on her phone. 
“Ow, what happened?” The guy says sitting up. He has brownish blonde hair, is well built, with brown eyes. 
“You got beat up.” Mac says putting her phone away. “Mac.” She puts her hand out for a handshake.
“Justin, and thanks.” Justin says shaking her hand.
“So what happened?” Mac asked.
“I was walking to class when they started to attack me.” Justin says. She looks him up and down reading his character. Her whole pack trained for a month on just being able to read people. It helps with fighting, she practiced mostly on rogues, but humans to.
“If you don’t mind me asking why aren’t you with your pack?” She liked Justin, and War wanted to protect him. 
“The Alpha hated me because his girlfriend liked me.” Justin says.
“That is a completely stupid reason.” Mac says, looking in his eyes trying to tell if he is lying. He wasn’t.
“Tell me about it.” Justin says, popping some pills in his mouth. 
“Want to join my pack?” Mac says, deciding both her and her wolf trust him, he would be a good addition to her pack.
“You have a pack?” Justin asks.
“Yes and no, well it would be a month trial. See if you like us, and if we like you. You will be free to leave at any time. We live about an hour away, but the place is big enough you could move in if you want.” Mac says.
“Month trial.” Justin says thinking it over. “Sure, you saved me so it can’t be that bad.” 
“It’s lunch time, I think it is best if you leave.” The nurse says.
“Come eat with my friends and me.” Mac says, helping him off the bed. 
“Sure, but help me out a bit.” He goes off the bed, putting most of his weight on her. 
They make it to the lunch room, Mac sees her pack along with two other guys.
“Who is this?” Jason asks.
“Meet our newest pack member, well trial pack member, Justin.” Mac says.
“Oh cool, speaking of pack members, I was wondering if you would mind if Ethan and Conner joined.” Jason says, speaking about the two guys next to him. One was a big guy with buzzed blonde hair, the other a cute medium size boy brunette with eyes to match.  
Mac walks up to them, after helping Justin into a seat. She looks at the guys, staring at them, her glasses cover her eyes so they don’t know where she was looking. Conner eyes are the first to drip away from her face, down to her chest. Because of her leaning forward he could look down her jacket. Strike one Mac thought.
“Ever kill a person?” Mac ask, Conner’s eyes making it back to her face. 
“No.” Conner says, Mac knew he was lying. It was the gulped he took and the shift of his eyes.  Strike two Mac thought.
“Yes, but it was self-defense.” Ethan says, looking down at his tray in shame.
“How do you feel about humans in charge?” Mac asks.
“Humans, meaning you. Jason I thought you said this pack was cool.” Conner gets up leaving the table. 
“I don’t mind, as long as they can do the job right.” Ethan says. 
“Conner seems like a strong character.” Mac says to Jason, he just frowns at his plate knowing he was wrong about Conner and because of it has to do some extra practice about reading people. “Ethan, hi welcome to the pack. I consider it a month trial before you get to know all the secret handshakes, but it is also to find out if you like us and if we like you. You in?” Mac asks.
“Sure.” He says shaking Mac’s hand, excited to be part of the world again. 
“So that makes seven, three more and we make a real pack. I guess I should start figuring out the paper work.” Mac says taking a place onto of the table. 
“Wait, so you are the Alpha.” Ethan ask, Justin wondering as well.
“Yep, you got a problem?” Mac says.
“No, it is just werewolves have never been ruled by human. It will be weird.” Ethan says.
“You won’t think that if you last the month.” Mac says. “Oh but if anybody ask I’m not Alpha, having a human in charge doesn’t look well. Everybody here actually thinks Jason is Alpha.” Both guys nod, happy to be part of a pack again.  “Oh and if you have any problem with anybody just mind link me, I will take care of them.” 

That night they helped moved the guys in, both choosing to stay on the bottom floor. They had a group dinner, getting to know each other. Mac was already excited about her new pack members. They both seemed like good friendly people getting along with rest fine. She figured they would last the month easily. She decided after dinner to start the training on the new guys. They were behind so she took them through the basic steps. They got it down but it took a bit long. She was to give them the basic skills, then John would take over until they knew of her being a werewolf. 
The next day they were all at school sitting at the lunch table, Mac took it as a habit to sit on top of the table instead of an actual chair. She was having a good day, Gage took her advice and wasn’t talking to her, his friends following his lead. It wasn’t until now that she felt his eyes on her. 
She feels slimy pasta coming down the back of her shirt. She looks over to see Gage has thrown his pasta at her. 
“Sorry, I was aiming for the trash.” Gag says, starting to laugh. “Guess I got it.” Mac didn’t have her glasses on at the moment, the table got a brief showing of her pure black eyes, before she blinked, the white coming back but the normal brown stayed black. She pushes her glasses down covering her eyes, turning around walking over to Gage.
Don’t kill him. Jason thinks.
I won’t, I’m just getting a clean shirt. Mac thinks back.
“Oh aren’t you hilarious, picking on the human. What can’t find somebody your own size?” Mac says, she has her arms surrounding around him, placed on the table behind, their noses almost touching. Her vampire was almost in complete control wanting to smash his head in. 
“Why would I when you are right there?” Gage says, he is leaning back, his back almost horizontal on the table.
“This is the second shirt you tried to ruin and didn’t I say to stay out of my way.” Mac says, she takes a small sniff, minty freshness reaching her nose. He smelled good, she shook her head getting the thought out of her mind.
“Like I’m going to be scared of a human.” Gage says, trying to stand up, but his face only getting closer to Mac’s.
“I would if I were you.” Mac says, she removes her hand from the side putting it on his v-neck collar. “You ruined my shirt, it is only reasonable if I do the same.” Mac says, dragging her sharp nail down his shirt revealing his eight pack. “Nice.” Mac says, taking in his chiseled abs. 
“How did you…” Gage says, looking down his shirt. Mac stands up giving him room.
“I may be a human, but I have claws.” Mac says, lifting up her hand. “Now, shirt.” She uses her Alpha tone to get Collin to strip off his shirt handing it to her.
“What the hell Collin?” Gage says.
“I don’t know, maybe I feel bad.” Collin says, trying to cover his own ass.
“Thank you Collin,” Mac strips her shirt off, Gage gulps staring down at her body, placing his binder on his lap to hide his little friend.
“Shit you’re hot.” Said the bucket guy from yesterday.
“That I am, and thanks to your little stunt the other day you have no chance.” Mac says throwing on her new shirt. “Please, it is for your own good, stay away.” Mac says to Gage before walking away. 
“You going to stay away?” Collin asks.
“Hell no.” Gage says, he liked that she was being a challenge.
A week went by of pranks, and bullying. He got most of his to pack hate her as well, tripping her why she walked, ignoring her, calling her names, and all the other things high school students did. But it has yet to bother her. She actually thought it was stupid, they are 20 and older but stuck in their high school ways, it was sad actually. Most of the time she was able to stop the pranks, she did have to use her powers to stop them. 
It was on Friday when somebody decided to break into her locker stacking it full of eggs. What was supposed to happen is that when she opened up her locker a bunch of eggs were supposed to fall on her, but she stopped them holding them up with air. She left her locker open grabbing a trash can. When she rounded the corner she saw Gage and his friends staring at the locker wondering why the eggs stayed. She couldn’t help herself when she let the eggs drop, covering them all with gooeyness. She didn’t bother to prank back, just getting angry in his face until Vamp cooled down.
It was the middle of the second week, she decided to skip class that day, wanting to be away from Gage and his friends, who happens to be in all her classes except gym, but that is because he is in the werewolf class.
“Get off of me.” Mac hears from the side hallway, she walks over slowly seeing a bunch of girls surrounding a smaller girl. She has her face cut up a bit, blood falling down. “Stop please,” she begged.
“You are such a whore talking to my man.” The girl says, she has long blonde hair, a tan making her look like a tall Snooki in Mac’s mind. 
“I’m the other packs beta’s mate, we were in a meeting.” The girl screams. The snooki kicks the girl in the stomach. 
“I think it is time for you to leave her alone.” Mac says, stepping in front of the girl. She was wondering why the girl’s pack or mate wasn’t here to help her. But she just couldn’t stand somebody get bullied for no reason.
“Get out of the way.” The blonde girl tries shoving Mac out of the way, but failing miserably. 
“I think you should leave.” Mac says, getting more in her face. The girl tries to slap Mac, but Mac sees the hand, blocking it, shoving her other hand in the girls face. She hears the crunch before seeing the blood running down her hand. She whips it off on her jeans. 
“Bitch.” The girl says, backing off. 
“Try to hit me again and see what happens.” Mac shouts at the girl and her friends retreating figures. “You okay?” Mac asks turning around to see the girl on her knees crying.
“I’m so sorry, I never did anything personally but I should have stopped them. I ‘m so sorry. Thank you so much.” The girl says. 
“It’s fine.” Mac is about to help the girl up but gets shoved in the locker with a forearm pressing into her neck. 
“What the hell did you do to her?” Collin says, talking about the girl.
“Collin stop.” The girl is clawing at his arms. “It wasn’t her, she helped me. She scared them away.” Collin looks at Mac who puts her hands up in a surrender position giving off a little smile. He drops her bringing the girl into a hug.
“What happened, Chloe?” Collin asks. Mac stays near the locker wondering what caused the packs to turn on each other.
“That meeting we had with Alpha Brett, Brittney thought it lasted a little too long and I was doing stuff with him so she attacked me.” Chloe says.
“I will take care of her.” Collin says.
“It is fine, she already broke her nose.” Chloe says, pointing at Mac. 
“High school is stupid, that’s all I got, bye.” Mac says walking off towards where she left her homework. 
“Thanks.” Collin says to her back. She sends a small wave back showing she understands.


Chapter 10

Mac had to stop fights on a daily bases, she added two more to her group because of this, a sister and brother. They were cool, and she helped save them from Alpha Brett’s pack. What she has heard of him is that he doesn’t care what happens in the school, they can pick on whoever they want. But if it breaks the treaty they are in trouble. Some leadership Mac thought. She also heard he was away for pack business and right now the pack was running loose without him.
“Look at Gage being so smug.” Trent says, staring at Gage and his group. 
“Really don’t like him do u?” Mac says. 
“No he’s an ass, and what you do like him?” Trent says, skeptical. Their class was canceled and Mac and group went outside to tan in the sunshine. It was a gorgeous day out and because of Montana’s bi polar weather it could change in an instant. 
“I kind of feel sorry for him.” Mac says, looking in Gage’s direction. He was surrounded by his group. Collin keeping Chloe close, glaring at Alpha Brett’s group.
“Sorry, but he’s an ass.” Trent says, he has his arm slung around Katie.
“Yes but he thinks his mate is Sandy, how much worst could life get.” Mac says she lies down facing the sun. She couldn’t really get a tan being a vampire, but feeling the sunrays was nice. Lately it has been getting chilly preparing for winter, Mac’s least favorite season.
“I guess that’s true.” Trent says.
“Can we stop talking about Gage.” Brad the new guy says. He and his sister both have dark hair with dark almost black eyes. They were Canadian before this there accent completely dropping after Trent’s insentient making fun of them.
“Sure what would you like to talk about?” Trent says. 
“I don’t know?” Brad says.
“Brother if you want to change the subject you have to have a topic.” Susie says, Brad’s sister.
“Fine,” He pulls some of the grass out thinking. “Truth or dare.” Brad says.
“Boring.” Mac says. “It’s only fun if there is money involved.” 
“Yes let’s get some money going.” Ethan says.
“Fine, Ethan I bet you ten bucks, that you can’t jump from table to table over there, without causing the group to attack you.” Brad says, pointing towards the large amount of people sitting amongst three picnic tables. It was Gage’s group and even if Mac looked at them wrong they would normally try to attack. Mac didn’t know if Ethan would have a different chance.
“Make it twenty and you have a deal.” Ethan says standing up.
“Deal.” Brad says. Ethan slowly walks over to the table. All of them giving off him weird looks. 
“Mac wants to talk to you all.” Ethan shouts towards them, they stand up walking over to Mac while Ethan jumps from table to table. 
“That’s not fair.” Brad says. 
“Ya now I have to talk to them.” Mac says standing up.
“What do you want?” One of the guys says.
“I wanted to talk to you about your um.” Mac looks around trying to think. “Shirt that’s right shirt.” Mac says, looking at his flash shirt.
“I thought he said you wanted to talk to all of us?” The guys says.
“Simple mistake now adios.” Mac says.
“Don’t you want to know about your my shirt?” The guy says, Mac looks him over. It was the first time she has seen this guy, he had short blonde hair, and a huge mouth. 
“Right your shirt?” Mac says, the rest of his group walks away. She sees Ethan in the corner of her eye hid in the back of the group, receiving a death glare from Brad.
“It’s flash, you know the superhero.” The guy says.
“Oh ya I know a little about him, he is the superfast superhero right.” Mac says, the guy nods liking the conversation. “I was confused and wondered if it was Harry Potter. You know because of the lightning bolt.” Mac feels a breezy and gets a sniff of him, human. He must be the other one in the school.
“No but Harry Potter is awesome.” The guy says. 
“It is. What’s your name?” Mac asks.
“Eddy.” Eddy brings his hand out for Mac to shake.
“You seem non werewolfy.” Mac says, she takes a seat back on the grass.
“Oh that’s because I’m not, my mate is though. Meghan, she’s awesome. But ya being told about this world blew my mind. How did you find out about the werewolf world?” Eddy asks.
“Jason, he accidently shifted in front of me.” Mac says, pointing Jason’s way.
“So he isn’t your mate?” Eddy asks. 
“No, just bestie.” Mac says.
“Oh that’s cool, but ya I’m glad to get to know the other human.” Eddy says, “There’s Meghan now I got to go. Bye.” Eddy waves why walking away.
“He seems nice.” Mac says.
“Cheater.” Brad shouts towards Ethan.
“You never said I couldn’t distract them now pay up.” Ethan says, putting his hand out for the money. 
“Bastard.” Brad says under his breath while handing over the money.
“Look on the bright side Mac has a human friend now.” Ethan says.
“Because I haven’t before.” Mac says. 
“Why are they so nice to him and not you?” Susie asks, the groups looks over to see him getting high fives, and chatting amongst his group.
“Probably because he has a mate, or is in there pack.” Mac says.
“Or because Gage doesn’t have the hots for him.” Katie says.
“I don’t know, he could be Gage’s type.” Trent says. The group starts laughing. 
“Mac’s turn.” Ethan says.
“Oh this can’t be good.” Mac says.
“I bet you twenty bucks to climb that tree.” Ethan says, pointing to a thirty foot tree next to the forest. 
“Really just the tree?” Mac says, 
“You’re human, so yes.” Ethan says.
“Thirty?” Mac says. Ethan agrees and Mac starts climbing. It wasn’t a challenge for her, but she did portend to stumble seeing that not only her group was watching but her class members as well. That how they spent the next couple of hours, ditching the next couple of periods to just hang with each other. Bet after bet, the stakes getting higher each time. Ethan ended up with the most money at the end, ending up with $200. 

It was the next day, the group a little sore from all their bets, from climbing to jumping everybody got a scratch from something. But they were addicted to it.
“Those poles would be impossible to jump.” Justin says to Brad.
“One isn’t hard but making it to the third one would be impossible is what I was saying.” Brad says. It was lunch they were all sitting staring up at the ceiling it had poles horizontally placed over nine feet from each other. 
“What are you guys saying is impossible?” Mac says. It wasn’t the first time they thought something was impossible that Mac proved wrong. 
“Jumping from pole to pole, I say just jumping from one to another is impossible, but Brad says jumping two would be easy, but the third one would be impossible.” Justin says. Mac was use to her group talking about stupid bets, she enjoyed them most of the time. 
“I can do it.” Mac says, thinking of a way to do it. 
“Doubt it.” Justin and Brad say.
“Want to put your money where your mouth is.” Mac says.
“If you’re doing this only one side of you gets to play.” Jason whispers to her, talking about either her werewolf side or vampire side being used.
“Fine.” Mac says. “So you in?”
“How much?” Justin says.
“Hundred?” Mac says.
“Deal.” Brad says, Justin was more hesitant but agreed at the end.
“So just to be clear, I have to touch three poles, jumping from one to the next and not fall?”
“Yes.” They say at the same time.
“Easy.” Mac says.
Gage was across the room hearing Mac’s pack excited.
“So how are we going to get her next?” Gage says.
“Who next?” Collin asks.
“Mac, who else.” Gage says.
“Here’s the thing, I’m done pranking her.” Collin says.
“What the hell?” Gage shouts.
“She helped out Chloe, and she is the first to help out others.” Collin says.
“But she is the enemy.” Gage says.
“How? She is just trying to help out.” Collin says.
“No, she is destroying this school. I mean look at her and that stupid pack she brought in.” Gage says, when he looks over Mac is standing on the table.
“What the hell is she doing?” Collin is the first to say.
“Like I know.” Gage says. She takes of running across the table flying towards the ceiling. She just barely grabs the pole before she starts spinning around it. She lets go grabbing the second one. Gage stands up getting a better view of what she is doing. “What is she doing, that is dangerous.” Gage says.
“Worried for her, how sweet.” Collin says, he pulls Chloe closer to her. He didn’t want to leave her alone until she was fully healed. 
Mac makes it to the third one losing a bit of speed. 
“Let’s try another one.” Mac shouts so her pack can hear her. She has made it almost completely across the cafeteria and is right above Gage’s table. She flies towards it barley touching it before she keeps going past it heading to the floor. “Shit.” Mac shouts. Gage just stares at her flying form; he feels something drops in his hand noticing some sunglasses, he turns around to find Mac landing in a shoulder roll, standing up fine. “Well that was a close one.” Mac says. She starts walking towards him. Her eyes are bright blue, she chose the wolf because she didn’t feel using her powers would be fair. 
She looks around the cafeteria everybody is staring at her, all wondering how the human was able to jump those. She turns around trying to find her sunglasses noticing them in Gage’s hand. She walks towards him, she tries to let Vamp take over some control but War wouldn’t let up. “Thanks for catching those.” Mac says, but Gage just continues to stare. War wants to be let loose and she doesn’t know why. She can smell his minty freshness breathing it in deep. She doesn’t look him in the eyes worried he might be able to tell she is part wolf. She grabs her sunglasses shoving them back on. Turning to the table near her, it is Gage’s group and just like the rest of the room they are just staring at her quiet. “So this is awkward.” Mac says, hoping one of them will talk, she looks around seeing Chloe off to the side. “Chloe I wanted to speak to you.” Mac says. Mac walks over taking a seat next to them.
“How did you…” Chloe says, looking at the ceiling wondering herself how any human could do that. A werewolf probably can’t.
“Um that doesn’t matter, gymnastics or something.” Mac says, even though she never did take gymnastics. “Anyways, I was wondering if you wanted to join my pack this evening for training. It wouldn’t just be you on beginner level, Susie and Brad are both new to the pack and just started learning yesterday, so it would be good for Susie to have somebody more towards her level.” Mac says. 
“She would love to.” Collin says. At the same time Gage says. “You don’t know how to fight.” 
“Great, and Gage yes I do.” Mac says, standing up. “Here’s my number. I do promise you it isn’t easy, but it will help you stand up to assholes.” Her eyes land on Gage for a second, “and know how to defend yourself against rogues. It starts at four.”
“Prove it.” Gage says.
“Prove that I know how to fight?” Mac says. She was finally able to get War into control showing off her brown eyes, she removes her sunglasses. Gage steps back, thinking back to the blue eyes, must have been the trick of the light. Distracted by his wolf being restless in him.
“Yes. Prove it, fight me.” Gage says. He said it loud enough that the majority of the room could hear him, including Mac’s pack. They decided to walk over wanting to watch the show.
“Well that is hardly fair you are a werewolf I’m just a mundane.” Mac says, trying to hide her laugh.
“Then what are you going to teach Chloe?” Gage says.
“Fine, we will make it a fair fight. It will be ten minutes, and if you can pin me than you win. But if you can’t pin me then I win.” Mac says, standing up walking over to him. War was trying to resurface again, she pushed her away. Did she not want to fight or something, she always wants to fight.
“Easy, and if I win your so called pack has to leave this school going to another one.” Gage says, sticking his hand out. Mac noticed his eyes have gone an extreme blue. 
“Fine, but if I win your packed won’t talk to mine unless spoken to and I get to help Chloe out without you bugging me.” Mac says, grabbing his hand shaking it, pushing her sunglasses down above her eyes. She let Vamp take full control, it wasn’t her smartness idea but War was acting up too much, she made sure not to smile showing off her fangs. 
“Deal, when and where.” Gage says.
Mac puts her hand over her mouth pretending to fix her glasses, “Gym after school.” Mac says. They both agree on it. Both packs looked smug at each other, thinking there leader would win easily.
The bell just rung, Mac walked to her locker, she pulled back Vamp enough that the fangs didn’t show.
“Why are you wearing your sunglasses so much today? Jason says walking up to her. 
“War has been acting stupid so my eyes have been mostly black or pure black for the last couple of hours.” Mac says shoving her books into her locker. 
“Vamp is going to fight Gage,” Jason starts to laugh. “Don’t kill him you hear.” Jason says.
“Oh shut up.” Mac says. “I still have some control.” 
They head towards the gym, Mac heads for the locker room, Jason following her. 
“You ready?” Jason says.
“Please, it will be easy.” Mac says throwing on her workout clothes. She has a pink sports bra on, with a white tank over it. She puts her hair up, it will be an easy grab for him if she didn’t. She throws shorts on, staying barefoot. She was less likely to slip otherwise. She enters the gym seeing that Gage and most of his pack is already there. Her pack is there as well, right in front. 
“Thought you weren’t going to show.” Gage says.
“Said every fighting movie ever, please do come up with your own lines.” Mac says, she keeps Vamp in control, but if she was to take off her glasses there would still be white, but mostly black as her eyes. 
“Let’s get this over with.” Gage says getting in fighting stance.
“Fine, but here are the rules.” Mac says. 
“Rules, come on, weakling.” Gage says.
“I was just going to say no eye gouging,” Mac says, “and Collin controls the time.” She throws him a stop watch.
“Fair enough.” 
“Let’s start.” Mac says. She gets into a fighting position herself. He steps left, she steps right. He needs to make the first move; she is just defending herself so she doesn’t need to try that hard. He lunges towards her trying to grab her arm, but she spins landing on his right side. The group of people has them surrounded but enough room that the circle is big enough for them to fight. “Missed me, missed me.” Mac starts, but Gage tries to sweep her leg. She jumps landing were she was standing earlier. “Now you have to kiss me.” She finished. He growls at her, but she just continues to smile. He lunges for her again, but she spins to the left. “Do I really have to sing it again?” Mac says causing Gage to get angrier. He lunges again, and again. Mac moves to the left than right. Gage getting closer to grabbing her. He lunges and she moves to the right, he grabs her locking her in a bear hug. 
“Got you.” Gage says. He picks her up throwing her to the ground. She lands with a thud earning a gasp from her pack.
“Are you sure?” Mac says. Gage tries to land on her, but she rolls away, he grabs her arm. He is stronger than she is use to, but she is still stronger. She gets on her feet but in a crouch position because of Gage’s hold. She pushes off her feet doing a back flip. She was expecting Gage’s hold to let go right away, but he just tightens it. If she was a mere human it would have snapped her bone. He flies with her landing on his shoulder. He drops his grip and she stands up. “Going to have to try harder than that.” Mac pants out. She is standing up her hands on her knees. 
“Oh I will.” Gage jumps up switching into his werewolf. He growls, freighting the crowd but just putting a smirk on Mac’s face.
“If you think that will help you, then you’re wrong.” Mac says taking in the giant black wolf. He was the one that chased her years ago out of Montana. Gage was everywhere in her past life she thought. He lunges for her and instead of spinning she places her hand on his muzzle pushing him down, she flips landing on his back, he is just as big as her, so it was like riding a horse. She can hear a collected gasp, and the saying “how the hell?” from the crowd. Gage bucks her around but she just digs her knees into his side. “Wow boy, now that is a bad horsey.” Mac says, causing Gage to just get angrier. She can hear her group laughing enjoying the seen played out in front of her. “Collin, how much longer?” Mac says, Gage stands up on his hind legs Mac slides of but rolls over before he can pin her.
“Thirty seconds.” Collin says. She can hear the people in the crowd start the countdown but she is more focused on Gaged. He jumps landing on top of her. She can’t show her strength but she doesn’t want to lose. She hits his left hind leg out causing him to drop more on the left side. She takes the time to roll off to her left, the crowd shouting one when she gets back to her feet. “Done.” Collin shouts running into the middle of the circle. He throws a pair of shorts to Gage. Mac’s group runs over embracing Mac into a hug. 
“Stop I’m sweaty.” Mac shouts over there cheers. 
“How?” She hears from over the crowd. She breaks away from the group seeing Gage dressed in shorts, sweat running down his chiseled abs.
“I’m sorry did I speak to you first?” Mac says walking up to him. “But if you ought to know I vowed a year ago to never be heart by stupid werewolves, I train every day and made sure I’m the best.” Mac says.
“But you don’t have werewolf strength.” Gage says, looking at Mac in a new light.
“As you can see, even if I did have it wouldn’t of matter.” Mac says. “Now I have to go train, conversation over.” Mac says walking away. “Remember no bugging my group.” She shouts from the door. Chloe following the group.
“That was…” Collin starts.
“Amazing.” Gage finishes.


Chapter 11
Training was hard for Mac. She didn’t want to admit it, but fighting Gage was hard and worked her to exhaustion. She wasn’t use to her opponents actually putting up a real fight. Yes if she did actually use any part of her actual strength the fight wouldn’t of lasted that long. But what would be the fun of that?
“Come on push it.” She shouts behind her. They are running around the border of her land. The newbies behind her taking to long for her liking. “You can do better than this, come on.” Mac says.
“Why are we running?” Brad asks through pants.
“Stamina, able to run from a fight you can’t win, and it is good for you.” Mac says. “Now stop talking and start running.”

They end running an hour later than Mac had planned, but she didn’t have anything planned for herself until later that night.
She trained them the basic fighting moves, Chloe was a lot slower than what she was use to but she was going to fix that.
“Alright class dismissed.” Mac says to the three. “Chloe can you stay for a second.” She could see Collin near the pack house in his truck.
“It's because I suck isn’t it.” Chloe says.
“Look you are new with no training, it isn’t surprising. Brad and Susie were rogues of course they had some training. I was just thinking why don’t we have some more one on one session this week to catch you up to their level.” Mac says.
“That would be great.” Chloe says.
“How about instead of gym class we go and train so it doesn’t take up too much of the day.” Mac says. Chloe agrees leaving Mac to herself in the field.
I’m going for a run. Mac thinks to Jason.
But what about the housing plans.
Because they keep getting new members they decided it was best to yet again rebuild and add more rooms.
You dealt with it last time anyways, please War is really looking for a run, then Vamp wants to hunt tonight. I need some me time. Mac pleads.
Fine. Be careful.
The run was nice letting her stress go, but she was ready for the hunt. She let Vamp have complete control. Vamp knew to only attack animals or something that attacked her first so Mac didn’t need to worry. All that Mac was able to control was being able to see giant blurs and smell the things around her. If Vamp got to out of control and attack a human or something Mac would be able to take control again.
“Come here little deer.” Vamp says, stalking towards the brown fur eating the grass below. She is far into the forest having chased this deer for the last hour. The crescent moon was high above her head and she had hours more of hunting time. She already took down three other deer but this one was fast. She didn’t need the blood, but she did enjoy the hunt.
She doesn’t make a sound coming towards it, almost like she is floating. “I will get you.” Vamp says, she is about two feet from it getting closer, slowly. She hears a twig break on the side of her, the deer running off. “Shit.” Vamp says. She is about to run off when a giant brown wolf tackles her to the ground. She shoves her legs into its stomach causing it to fly into the nearest tree knocking it out. She stands up walking towards it, making sure she didn’t kill it. It was part of pack and one of her rules is no killing pack members unless absolutely necessary. Mac and her rules, how they take the fun out of the hunt.
“Stand down vampire.” A voice says from behind her.
“Oh Gage, how I’ve been wanting to meet you in person. I thought it would have been weeks before we met face to face.” Vamp says, standing up and facing him.
“You know me?” Gage says, he is in a fighting stance. It makes Vamp laugh. It was only today that she beat him, and that was only showing a bit of her strength. If she wanted to she could snap his neck easily
“Why yes, you have become sort of my obsession lately.” Vamp says, she isn’t surprised he doesn’t recognize her. She had pure black eyes, short black shopped hair, coming down a bit below her shoulder, her milky white skin emphasized by her all black outfit. Mac didn’t want to take any chances with running into people she knows so she changed her look, Vamp thought it was a stupid idea, until this point.
“Sorry to say I don’t know who you are.” Gage says, Vamp has started to stalk towards him. He looks down, her hips swaying side to side. He takes a gulp, it’s wrong to get turned on by a vampire right? He thought to himself. He looks behind her to see Collin has yet to move.
“Relax he is alive, oh but you do know me. But it isn’t my story to tell.” Vamp says, she is right on him. She steps forward and he steps back, backing himself into a tree. “Oh Gage.” Vamp says, running her hand across his neck. “How I want your blood.”
“You can’t drink my blood.” Gage says in a shaking tone. He loves the feeling of her finger running across his neck, even his wolf is excited by her.
“Are you sure about that?” Vamp says, she brings her face to the side of his neck, she can hear the pulsing of his heart quicken. She is completely pressed against him, feeling his manhood stand to attention. She drags her fangs across his neck, she can see him gulp. She knows he wants this and she wants this. But War doesn’t and even though she is in control War still has some reins
“It would kill us both.” Gage says, he places his hand across her waist, loving the feeling of her cold skin against his warm hands.
“I don’t believe anything can kill me.” Vamp says, she switches sides of his neck dragging her fangs across again. It is leaving tiny cuts, ones that can heal within seconds. 
"Aren't you cocky." Gages says, roaming his hand around to the small of her back bringing her closer.
“Yes I am." Vamp says, running her hands down his chest. "I want your blood, but she won’t let me have it.” Vamp says, stepping back. Gage keeps her in his hold not letting her go too far.  
“Who is she?” Gage says, he brings his nose down to her neck losing all control over himself. She smells like vanilla, blood, and a tinge of pears.
“Nobody you need to concern yourself with, yet.” Vamp says. “Now be a good boy and let me go before I can’t control myself no longer.” He doesn’t do what she says. He has never felt like this before. His hands feel like they are on fire, tingles running were ever they touched. He has fought other vampires before, girls and guys, but none have ever brought this want. Maybe it was her power? He thought. “You need to let go.” Vamp says again trying to break free. She can hear his pulse quicken and she is controlling herself the best she can. She knows he isn’t hers, but some of her wants him as well.
“No.” Gage says, he starts to pepper kisses down her throat. “I want answers.”
“To what?” Vamp says, loving the feeling of his lips on her neck.
“First, what brings you on our land. The closest vampire coven is over twenty miles away.” Gage says, he spins her around placing her against the tree, pressing himself against her.
“I’m by myself, I live in these necks of the woods.” Vamp says, she has her hand placed on his back, her nails scraping against his skin.
“Makes since, second. Who is she and why can’t I know of her yet?” Gage says. He starts to pepper kisses against her throat. His hands roaming down to the end of her shirt, his thumb brushes under it, fire running through his hand where ever they touched.
“She doesn’t know about you either, well not fully so that is why you can’t know of her yet and obviously I’m not going to answer who she is.” Vamp says. She scraps her hand down his shirt leaving claw marks where her fingers laid.
“Finally, why do I feel like I need you? Is it your power? Taking control of me so I don’t care about my mate?” Gage says. It was like a bucket of cold water poured down her. She flips them over so Gage is pressed against the tree.
“That bitch isn’t your mate.” Vamp says getting pissed. She wasn’t there when Sandy hurt Mac but she has the memories and she couldn’t stand the girl.
“Are you?” Gage says, he can’t understand these feeling but he feels like he needs her.
“I’m nobody to concern yourself with.” Vamp says. This time she breaks out of his grip stepping back until she hits the other tree. “Don’t try to find me.” Vamp says before jogging off in the direction of the deer.
Gage was confused, how could he be so turned on by a vampire. It was in his nature to hate them. Plus they couldn’t do anything together. It would kill them both. He turns around punching the tree. When she ran off it felt like a part of him left with her. But Sandy was his mate and he cared for her. Two years of dating meant something.
“Damnt.” Gage says punching the tree again. Why did he feel she was so familiar, and she knew of him, but how?
“Who the hell was that?” Collin says, he is back in human form, swaying trying to get up.
“Just a vampire.” Gage says.

"How was last night?" Jason says placing Mac's breakfast in front of her. 
"I woke up full. So that was good. But I think Vamp was attacked. What I remember is a giant brown blur and then she had something tan in front of her for a while. War was fighting her that whole time but Vamp kept control and then a few more deer’s or as I saw giant light brown blurs and then bed. It was a strange night but it did smell amazing for a time." Mac says digging into her bacon.
"Smelled amazing?" Jason asks. 
"It always does, the fresh forest with that new cut grass smell. But last night there was a minty freshness." Mac says receiving a weird look from Jason. "Oh just shut up, I know I'm weird."
“Oh no doubt about that.” Jason says. “Anyways time for school.” 
They jump up seeing that the others are already in the car asleep. “Not fair, they get to sleep on the drive to school.” Mac says.
“I could drive.” Jason says. 
“Oh please.” Mac says, jumping into the driver’s seat. Jason was a slow driver and they wouldn’t reach school until lunch if it was up to him.
They arrive at school, all going normally except Gage’s pack doesn’t talk to them or try any stupid pranks.
“Guess it really worked.” Trent says, looking around at the people. It was the first time they went to school and didn’t have the whole school staring at them. Alpha’s Brett pack stilled stared, but they were less of a problem.
“Isn’t it great?” Katie says sliding under Trent’s arm.
“It would make life a lot easier.” John says.
“What are you talking about, they barely did anything to us. It was all to Mac.” Justin says.
“And my life being easier makes your lives easier. Come on, off to class.” Mac says. She shoves them a bit. The new guys have classes with the rest of the group, causing more ease on Mac.
“Don’t have too much fun with your new control.” Jason says to Mac before he leaves.
“Why I would never.” Mac says. 
She arrives to class just before the bell rang the rest of the class sitting in their seats. She hated this class because of the teacher but the teacher didn’t seem to be here today.
Mac makes her way straight towards Gage a smile playing at her lips. He stares at her, wondering what she is doing. She normally grabs her seat on the side ignoring the rest of the class. Mac makes it up to his desk, she smiles down at him before turning around sitting on top of his desk.
“What the hell?” Gage says.
“I didn’t talk to you now did I?” Mac says, she unzips her jacket throwing it over Gage. 
“Really.” Gage says under his breath.
“Yep.” Mac says, a teacher walks in but it isn’t there normal teacher, a young looking guy who seems nervous to be here.
“So I’m the sub. My name is Brody Johnson; you can just call me Brody. Please don’t be like high school students. I know you are in your twenties and I don’t care what you guys do other than not to disturb this class.”  The teacher says, he is good looking, short dark brown hair, green eyes covered by black rimmed glasses. 
“Hot.” Mac says under her breath. 
“Like he would even consider you.” Gage whispers in her ear.
“Oh I could get him, he looks our age. I don’t see a problem.” Mac says.
“Why are you sitting on his desk?” Brody says. He looks her up and down before sending her a smile.
“To annoy him.” Mac states. 
“Oh, makes since. Your mate I guess?” Brody a questionable glint in his eyes.
“Gross.” Mac and Gage say. Both feeling a different pull in there system.
“My mate is Sandy.” Gage says. 
“You know you say that so much it is almost like you are trying to convince yourself that she is your mate.” Mac says, earning some “burns” from the crowd.
“She is my mate.” Gage says.
“Congrats, you get the bitch from hell why I get to sleep with hot pieces of ass.” Mac says, sending a smile towards Brody. 
“Whore.” Gage says.
“Why you asshole.” Mac jumps off the table. She turns around, kicking it with enough force that it hits the wall leaving a crack in it getting a questionable look from her class mates. “Just because I want to do something that makes me happy makes me a whore. Really because as I see it, you’re just jealous I get action.” Mac says, her hands gripping the desk. She hasn’t actually been with anybody sexually since Derrick but he doesn’t need to know that.
“I can get action, I get it from Sandy all the time.” Gage says.
“Plus the vampire.” Collin says from the side. Mac turns her head to side staring down at him.
“Shut up.” Gage says.
“Vampire? What are you talking about?” Mac says.
“A vampire from yesterday, she was hot, but not my type. You know the whole fang thing isn’t really a turn on. But apparently for Gage here it is. He would barely let her go, pressing kisses up and down her neck.” Collin says.
“I thought you were knocked out.” Gage says.
“I was, for a little while.” Collin says. 
“What did she look like?” Mac says. Brody didn’t seem to care that they were distracting his class, he hated teaching. It was just the only way he could get money. Plus while Mac was bent over the guy’s desk it gave a great view of her ass and because she was un-mated he didn’t see a problem with staring.
“White skin, black hair, black eyes. I don’t know, what most vampires look like.” Gage says. “Why do you care?” It must have been him, the tan object Vamp talked to for a long time. She takes a sniff of the air, of course minty fresh. It was him, but why didn’t Vamp attack him. He attacked first and it was okay for him to hurt him if he attacked first and Vamp has being dying to hurt him since there first encounter.
“I don’t. Let us just get started on class.” She grabs her jacket sitting at the only open seat right in front.
“You guys done now?” Brody asks, amused by their banter. They both nod, Gage sending Mac a weird look. He didn’t understand why she was interested, or why she dropped the argument so fast. 
“So today I’m supposed to talk to you about,” Brody says opening his book, “ah yes, Black Luna.” Mac hasn’t heard anything about it other than John saying it a couple of time.
“The Black Luna, deadly, beautiful, and the savior to our race.” Brody says. When he said beautiful he look Mac directly in her eyes, she smiled back. 
“Isn’t it just a myth?” Collin asks.
“Like I know.” Brody says. “But what I do know she is part vampire, part wolf, but was a human. She is one of kind. The prophecy doesn’t really state why she is born and changed, just that she is supposed to help out our race.” Mac is surprised, is she the Black Luna. John did say the word a few times but never really explained what it was. She never questioned because he was always going off on random stuff. 
“What else does the prophecy say?” Mac asks.
“It doesn’t say much, she is supposed to have powers. Most vampires can only inquire one but this Luna will inquire a bunch. Also that she is supposed to have great enemies, and if the prophecy is fulfilled they will all die from her. She is an outcast because of her strength but she will eventually find a way to live a happy life. But again who knows if it true. I’m just paid to teach this to you.” Brody says, earning a laugh from the class. Mac sits back thinking it over. She has to be it, she has to be the Black Luna, and she is supposed to help the werewolf community. But if she looks past her group she hates them. Thinking of hate she looks over to see Gage still staring at her, she looks away quickly. 
The bell goes off. “Great first class, I’m sure you learned a ton.” Brody says tossing the book on his desk. “See you all tomorrow.” He sends a wink towards Mac, she gives him a small wave before leaving the class.
“What have you heard of the Black Luna?” Mac says, reaching John’s locker. 
“Well hello to you to.” John says, “Haven’t heard much but I know you are it.” 
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Mac says. They are both speaking under their breath so nobody can hear them. 
“I didn’t think it mattered, you knew you were a vampire wolf. Why would putting a title on it change anything?” John says.
“The title says I’m supposed to save the werewolf race. I think that matters.” Mac says, getting a bit frustrated.
“I didn’t think that part was true.” John says.
“Oh but the vampire wolf is?” Mac says. “Any more information you are holding from me?”  John shakes his head no.
“What about you Mac holding any information from us?” Trent says throwing his arm over her shoulder, Mac gives him a weird look wonder what he is talking about. “Flirting with the teacher. Naughty naughty.” Katie and Susie joining them as well.
“What can I say, he is hot, besides I haven’t been attracted to anybody since before the incident.” Mac says. It was mostly true.
“Hurtful.” Trent says, earning a smack from Katie.
“Honestly Trent you know how I feel about you.” Mac says, they start walking away from John locker heading to the next class.
“You have to admit Gage is hot.” Susie says. 
“Ya.” Mac says before she could stop herself. “But I’ve seen hotter.” Mac says trying to cover herself. She looks over to see Gage smiling with a smirk on his lips. She doesn’t notice for too long her eyes focused in on a blonde next to him. “Sandy.” Mac says, both War and Vamp trying to reach the surface. Her group grabs her pulling her along, but they are no match for her. 
“Stop, not here.” John says, grabbing her around her waist.
“Why not, she deserves to die.” Mac says pushing against him.
“Stop.” John says again. War hated being commanded but she knew she shouldn’t kill Sandy right here.
“Fine, just let me talk to her.” Mac says. Before John had a chance to say no, Mac broke free walking straight up to Gage’s group.
“So you find me hot?” Gage says, but Mac ignores it.
“I’m sorry I haven’t met you, I’m Mac.” Mac says, pushing her hand out towards Sandy. Sandy looks down at the hand before smiling back at Mac, shaking it.
“Sandy, yes well because of family problems I wasn’t able to attend until now.” Sandy says.
“Hope nobody died.” Mac says, really she did hope they didn’t. It would sadden her that there was one less to kill.
“No, just my sister fell ill.” Sandy says. Mac felt bad, she knew her running away would turn the family on the sister. Jasmine didn’t deserve that.
“Hope it was nothing your family did.” Mac says.
“Of course not, why would you presume that?” Sandy says, her cheerfulness faulting a bit.
“Oh I don’t know, just a guess.” Mac says. They both just stare at each other, Sandy only being able to hold Mac’s stare for so long because of Mac being Alpha.
“So you find me hot?” Gage says, excited to humiliate Mac about something.
Mac runs her figure down Gage’s chest. Looking down at his little friend that she awaken. “Does it really matter?” Mac says.
“Get your hands off of him.” Sandy screeches, causing all the people around to flinch from the high pitch sound.
“I can do whatever I want.” Mac says placing her palm on his chest. She started to feel tingles run up her arm.
“Bitch, no you can’t he is mine.” Sandy says. Gage is to distracted by the funny feeling Mac’s hand was giving him that he doesn’t notice the fight that starting between the girl.
“Oh I can, and I will.” Mac says, loving how she is taunting Sandy. She runs her palm up and down Gage’s shirt. Mac is surprised when she feels a kick to her stomach. Unlike a year ago where she would just take it she grabs Sandy’s foot that is still in her stomach, turning it over so she collapses on the floor. 
“Please do hit me again.” Mac says.
“Gage help.” Sandy screeches again. Mac’s pack is close enough that they would try to stop Mac from killing the girl. But they could tell that Mac was in control.
Gage didn’t move, he was still staring down at his shirt.  “Gage” Sandy screeches again, bringing Gage back into the world.
“What happened?” Gage says, he comes back to find Sandy sprawled on the floor, with Mac towering over her and nobody in his pack trying to help Sandy.
“You just proved that she isn’t your mate.” Mac says, she doesn’t know why but she hated the idea of them together. She probably just wanted them to grow old alone. Mac walks off leaving his group.
“What is she talking about?” Gage says, helping Sandy off the floor.
“You didn’t protect your supposed mate.” Collin says giving a disgusted look towards Sandy.
“Oh shut up Collin, he just can’t hurt a human.” Sandy says, she is standing up now fixing her outfit.
“Yes what she said.” Gage says.
“Which brings up the funny fact, not only was Gage distracted by a human, but you got tossed on your ass because of her.” Collin says. 
“You know you won’t always be around to help out Chloe right?” Sandy says, earning a growl from Collin.
“Stay away from her.” Collin says. He was glad she was already at class. Chloe always seem to take her anger out on the female shifters, Chloe being one of her favorite targets, one of the reasons why Collin hates her so much.
“I will do what I want.” Sandy says walking off. 
“Dude.” Collin says, looking over to see why Gage didn’t step in. But he was just staring down at his shirt the whole time.
“What?” Gage says, looking up from his shirt.
“You are useless aren’t you, what is with you today” Collin says, walking off to class.


Chapter 12
Mac was ignoring Gage’s group for the next couple of days. It wasn’t that hard with them not being able to talk to her, but all she could keep thinking is how she is going to get back at Sandy. She wanted blood and it was her blood that she wanted. 
“Let’s go out.” Mac says trying to distract herself.
“To where?” Trent says, he was sitting on the couch Katie laying on his lap. His fingers twirling around her hair.
“I don’t know where did you guys use to go?” Mac says. “What do werewolves do for fun?” 
“Park?” Trent says.
“We aren’t actually dogs.” John says.
“But that is where we use to go.” Trent says. “We grab some bottles of booze, and a bit of silver and go get trashed at the park.” 
“Silver?” Mac asks, confused she thought they hated the stuff.
“Alcohol doesn’t affect us like humans, what is supposed to numb the mind in human brains gets burned off by our heat. But silver, at limited amount won’t kill us but help us get drunk.” John says.
“Why haven’t we done this before?” Mac says, she could get drunk but she didn’t know that the others could join her.
“Because we aren’t alcoholics.” Jason says.
“Boo your no fun, let’s go to the park.” Mac says.
The park was deserted, it being a bit cold out Mac wasn’t surprised. It was just a simple park a small playground, with a swing set and slide. Off to the side; there were benches, and an open field for playing games. It was night and the stars bright in the sky. 
“Beautiful.” Katie says, the group agreeing. The park was on top of a hill, the lookout being the city with mountains surrounding it. They could see cars speeding on the highway below. It wasn’t near their house, but closer to the city.
“Come on, let’s play.” Trent says, he pops a beer open chugging it. He then grabs the soccer ball from John. “I will whoop your ass.” Trent kicks the ball scoring in the soccer net. 
“No you won’t.” John says, he takes the ball from the net, taunting Trent with the ball. He was dribbling around and around Trent until Katie stole it shooting a goal.
“He may not be able to whoop your ass, but I can.” Katie blows a small kiss towards John who was glaring but laughing at the same time at her. 
Mac just watches her group stealing the ball from each other, she sips on her mikes not bothering to add silver knowing it won’t affect her.
She takes a seat on the grass, laying up to watch the stars. She couldn’t help but think about how much her life had changed. She was happy and glad it did. Gage kept running through her mind, but she didn’t know why. Maybe because him and his pack can’t help but annoy the crap out of her. 
“What cha thinking about.” Jason says, a beer in his hand and a packet of silver in the other.
“Nothing, everything. I don’t know.” Mac says, sitting up and facing him.
“Wow, that seems like a lot.” Jason says.
“Shut up.” Mac says, nudging her shoulder against his. She knew he was being sarcastic.
“You know you love me.” Jason says.
“Sure I do.” Mac says, she can see a shooting star fly above her head.
“Did you make a wish?” Jason says. 
“Wishes never come true.” Mac says, turning to face him. She just noticed how close Jason was.
“Maybe some do.” Jason says, Mac was going to question what he meant, but is taken back when she feels his lips on hers. It was rough and awkward. They couldn’t get synced up and it was Jason who broke it apart. He starts laughing, taking another sip of his beer. “Trent was right you do suck at kissing.” Jason says.
“Shut up.” Mac says, smacking him on his head. “You kissed me.” Mac says, she takes a sip of her mike finishing the bottle.
“I wanted to see.” Jason says. 
“See?” Mac says.
“You know you do that a lot.” Jason says.
“Do what, and don’t change the topic.” Mac says.
“Question with one word, I mean I get what you mean but it is just interesting.” Jason says, he leans back on his elbows. And I wanted to see, if my feelings for you were actually feelings.” Mac just keeps looking at him wanting him to continue. “Your perfect and wonderful and I thought I liked you, but I couldn’t tell if it was because I wanted to bang you or because I wanted to protect you like a sister.” Jason says.
“Really bang me.” Mac says.
“That is all you got out of that.” Jason says.
“No, I get it and trust me I’ve wondered as well. But I’m not your mate. I don’t even think I have a mate. Being a change wolf and all, but you will have a mate and it isn’t me. Plus would you want to explain to her how awesome your ex-girlfriend was.” Mac says, earning a chuckle from Jason.
“I guess that’s true.” Jason says. Mac leans back looking at the sky. “It was horrible.” Jason says.
“Oh it isn’t like I was having a grand old time.” Mac says.
“Guess we are meant to be sister and brother.” Jason says. 
“Together forever.” Mac says, grabbing hold of Jason’s hand. “I’m glad it isn’t awkward for us.” Mac says.
“Can it ever be.” Jason says.
“What you guys up to?” Trent says.
“We are brother and sister now.” Jason says. Trent looks confused but then a huge smiles comes across his face.
“Can I be your brother Mac?” Trent asks, practically begging.
“Sweety you can’t be Mac’s brother, otherwise your dreams about her would make life weird.” Katie says.
“Like it isn’t weird for me that he has those dreams already.” Mac says, loud enough that only Jason can hear.
“True, never mind. Can I be your boyfriend?” Trent asks, earning a smack from Katie and Mac.
“Katie I think you should leave him.” Mac says.
“Maybe I should, Ethan does have the same sense of humor as Trent.” Katie says, sending a wink to Ethan.
“Fine I will stop flirting with Mac, but you are mine remember that.” Trent says, pulling Katie on his lap.
“I don’t care if you flirt with her, just don’t talk about leaving me.” Katie says, placing a small kiss on his lips.
“I would never.” Trent says, deepening the kiss.
“Okay not that I don’t want to see that, but I don’t. Football.” Mac says, grabbing one of the balls near her.
“I call Mac.” Justin and John say at the same time.
“No I get her.” They both say. “No. Stop that.” Both Justin and John are glaring at each other.
“Wow maybe they should be brothers.” Trent says. 
“John already has a brother, he doesn’t already have a sister.” Mac says.
“See she wants me. Suck it.” John says.
“Please stop acting like Trent and Ethan.” Brad says, laughing at the argument.
John’s face goes to very surprised. “Do not compare him to me.” John says.
“What, don’t you love me?” Trent says. 
“Love you bro, don’t want to be you.” John says.
“Alright, so what did we settle for football.” Mac says, sensing that the silver was working it’s magic on her pack.
“I get Mac.” Both Justin and John say again. Earning a sigh from the group.
“Alright, here’s the plan Jason and I are team captains.” Mac says, the group agreeing it was a good idea.
They were all playing and when it started pouring they didn’t stop. All of them covered in mud. 
“Tally hoy.” Trent says, tackling Ethan to the ground. 
“Trent he is on your team.” Brad says, shoving Trent off of him.
“But you aren’t.” Trent says, tackling Brad into the mud. It squishes around them and the rest of the pack can’t help but join. All tackling each other to the ground.
“Alright who touched my ass.” Justin shouts.
“Me.” Susie says, grabbing it again. The group starts laughing, stopping immediately when they hear a growl from the side. 
“Stop.” Mac says to her group, standing up and standing in front of her pack. “Show yourself.” Mac says, using her Alpha voice. A small grey wolf comes out into the open. “I said show yourself.” Mac says. It just growls again.
“It can’t.” John says, relaxing a bit.
“Why not?” Mac asks, looking at the wolf. 
“It is a normal wolf, not one of us.” John says.
“But it obeyed my command.” Mac says a bit confused.
“It can sense your power that is why, but other than that it is just a normal wolf.” John says, the rest of the group has relaxed as well.
“So can I pet it?” Mac asks.
“Why would you want to?” Justin asks.
“It looks cute.” Mac says, the wolf has sat staring at the pack displaying itself as not being a threat.
“It is fine for you to pet it, but you can’t keep it.” John says, already knowing what Mac wants.
“But why not?” Mac pouts, she has ran up to the wolf petting it behind the ear.
“It is a wolf, it is meant to be free. Just like us, so no keeping it.” John says. 
“You’re no fun.” Mac says, she continues to pet the wolf. It looks like a Markus she thought.
“No naming it either.” John says.
“Stop reading my mind.” Mac says, the wolf has rolled over and Mac was scratching it’s tummy. It was just like a dog in Mac’s mind. Friendly and cuddly, and she was sure that he would love to play fetch.
“I wasn’t, your just predicable.” John says.
“Fine, but you owe me a puppy.” Mac says, she shoos the wolf away, it going back into the forest.
“Back to football.” Trent says tackling Ethan again.
“Again, I’m on your team.” Ethan shouts through laughter.


Chapter 13
Mac and the guys started taking different cars to school. Most of them wanted to do other things, such as hang with friends after school so now they take three cars and a bike. Mac didn’t mind, she started to take her bike it being easier and faster than the cars. She was staying after school today to look up more about Black Luna knowing she doesn’t have to be home for a while, the three moved on to the next level of training which is to be taught by John. 
She was excited, at the end of this week would be the full moon, where the next day she would tell Justin and Ethan about who she really was. They both agreed to stay yesterday, loving the pack. She wasn’t surprised, they fit in so well. She was a little nervous about how they would take it, they knew she is a bit strange and strong for a human but they never questioned if she was really just a human. She isn’t sure if she is ready to tell them about her being Black Luna, but they should at least know that she is a werewolf. 
She was wondering to the library when she heard a ruckus to her side. It is a scrawny little boy, barely looks eighteen, but if he is going to this school he has to be at least twenty. His books have flown everywhere and the usual boys that bully her group were picking on this guy.
“Get up, omega. Can’t you fight?” One of the guys says. There are five guys on this little guy and Mac wasn’t happy about it. 
“Come on, didn’t your brother teach you how to fight?” Another said.
“Please, leave me alone.” The little guy said. The group starts to laugh sending a kick into his stomach. He bawls up into a ball trying to catch his breath. “Help, Alpha, help.” He shouts, it isn’t pointed at Mac but it is the thing that starts her to run towards him.
“What you think your brother would save you, he made you omega for a reason. He thinks this is what you deserve and we are making his wishes come true.” The leader of the group says, sending another kick towards the guy. Mac telekinetically moves the guy just enough that it just seemed like the guy missed.
“Oh you are granting wishes now, I wish for you to leave.” Mac says standing between the little guy and the group.
“Why do you keep coming and stopping the fun?” The guy says. It is true, Mac almost always seems to stop them from killing a kid. 
“If this is your version of fun I would try again.” Mac says. “Leave before I make you.” Mac hasn’t actually been in a fight with them, but just her presence gives off a scary feel. 
“You know what, I don’t think so.” The guy says, sending a punch towards Mac. She ducks, sending a kick to his stomach. 
“So you want to finally do this.” Mac says, she isn’t surprised. Every time she stops them from hurting somebody they want to displace their anger somewhere, this time it happened to be Mac.
“Why do you even care he isn’t part of your pack.” One says, while another tries to tackle her, she moves to the side leaving her foot out tripping the guy. He runs into the locker face first, blooding dripping down his broken nose. 
“No he isn’t, but it isn’t fair that there are five assholes against just him.” Mac says avoiding another punch. 
“He is our omega, we can do whatever we want to him.” Another guy says, getting angry that Mac keeps avoiding his hits. Mac thinks back, what did she learn about omegas? Lowest of the group, meaning the punching bag of the pack. She thought it was stupid and barbaric for a pack to have this, but she isn’t surprised Gage’s pack does. 
“He won’t be your omega for long.” Mac says. “Plus I’m pretty sure you guys attacking me means you’re breaking all types of pack rules. Making you soon to be rogues. I may be wrong but isn’t that worse than being an omega.” There are only two left standing at the end of this, the others being tripped or shoved into the locker while she was talking. 
“Shit.” None of them thought about this. They knowingly attacked a human, that is against many laws. Being turned into a rogue would be the nice punishment. They grab their friends running down the hall. 
Mac isn’t going to tell the council on them. It isn’t like she is actually a human so she sees it was fair that they did attack her. She looks at the ground the boy crumpled up on the floor. 
“Come on, nurse is gone so you are coming home with me.” Mac says, she see’s blood dripping from him. His blue shirt stained with dark murky red. He wasn’t conscious, just slow breaths, his chest barely moving.
Jason I need your car. 
Why and I’m heading home now anyways.
A kid got hurt, he needs our help. His pack being assholes and ya lets meet in the parking lot.
She uses her powers, making sure nobody is around first, floating him in the air. 
“Shit what happened to him.” Jason says, seeing the floating kid making its way to his car. The blood has stop dripping so much, but there were a few splatters on the pavement.
“The same assholes as usual. They actually thought they could fight me.” Mac says laughing at the end of this. She opens the door, placing the kid smoothly in the seat. “I’m driving, he needs help and fast.” 
“I don’t think the kid can make it home.” Jason says, watching the blood drip off the kids head onto his black seats. He didn’t care much about the car so he didn’t see this as a problem. 
“Shit your right.” Mac says hitting the car, leaving a little dent in it. “Sorry.” She mumbles. But Jason doesn’t care, he knows how Mac is feeling. She has taken it as her responsibility to save this kid and before it even started it is over. “I got an idea.” Mac says running around to where the kids head is laying. 
“What are you doing?” Jason says as Mac throws the door open.
“I can heal cuts with my spit. I know this is a deep one, but it should still work.” Mac says, she licks her figure placing it over the kids cut. 
“So you are spitting on him.” Jason says.
“Shut up, I’m saving his life.” Mac says licking her fingers again. It slowly heals the corner of the cut, she goes over the middle. It doesn’t fully heal but it does clot up the blood.
“Shit, I can’t believe that worked.” Jason says.
“Only for so long, then it will stop clotting plus he needs more blood. Get in the car and watch him as soon as he starts to bleed again tell me.” Mac says jumping into the driver’s seat, Jason jumps in the car keeping his eyes on the kid.
“So why is it you aren’t tempted to drink his blood?” Jason says.
“I do have some self-control, I’m not an animal.” Mac says, she is going a hundred on a highway, keeping her eyes out for cops.
“Actually you are, so why won’t Gage’s group help him?” Jason says. 
“I never said it was Gage’s group.” Mac says.
“Asshole’s group,” Jason says quoting her from earlier.
“Fine, ya he is part of Gage’s group and I don’t know if they will help him or not. But what I do know is that he is their omega, meaning there is less of a chance from them to help him.” Mac says.
“So you have taken him under your wing.” Jason says, he looks up to see they are only twenty miles from home. New record for Mac. 
“Yes I guess you can say that. Is he good?” Mac says, stepping on the gas a little bit more. 
“Yes he isn’t bleeding anymore. Vampires are so lucky to have magical spit.” Jason says.
“When you say it like that it sounds restarted, and it’s so we can’t leave scars on our prey.” Mac says.
“Really prey, kind of creepy.” Jason says, really just joking.
“Shut up, tell Justin to meet us at the door.” Mac says pulling into her town. She has to slow down but is still going above the speed limit. 
“I did, he has a first aid kit prepared.” Jason says. Justin was the one with most of the injuries from the past making him the pack doctor, he doesn’t know how to heal everything but he can take care of most wounds.
They pull up to their house. Mac opens all the car doors with her power, lifting the body out.
“Shit what happened to him?” Justin says, following the body into the kitchen. Mac lays him across the counter, the blood flowing out again because of the movement. It wasn’t long before the table was covered in his blood.
“Assholes happened, fix now, questions later.” Mac says, licking her fingers and placing them over his scar again.
“Sure, but one more question, why does it look like he is already healing?” Justin asks.
“Magical spit.” Jason says, smiling at Mac. 
“Once I stich this up, think you can spit on him some more.” Justin says holding in a laugh but starting to stich up the kids head.
“It isn’t like I’m actually spitting on him, I’m trying to save his life.” Mac says, getting annoyed of their constant joking.
“Fine, but seriously, it will help.” Justin says, finishing up the stiches. 
Justin gets to work on the rest of the kids body, he has some bruises around his stomach but because of him being a werewolf he will be able to heal faster than humans. 
“Is he going to be okay?” Mac asks.
“Yes, he will be fine. Shouldn’t do anything until he is completely healed. But he won’t wake up for a couple of hours, that was quiet a kick to the head.” Justin says, placing a pillow behind the kids head.
“Might I say, maybe making one of the rooms an infirmary might be smart.” Jason says, looking down at the red stained kitchen table.
“It isn’t like we don’t have a second kitchen.” Mac says, during the remodel they added another kitchen it being bigger was used more, along with two more living rooms, and a bigger dining room. At this point they are in the first kitchen that is a lot smaller than the second.
“Still.” Jason says, grabbing towels cleaning up the mess. 
“I’ve got it, why don’t you go grab us all some dinner.” Mac says referring to Justin and the kid, just in case he wakes up. Jason nods leaving the room. Mac uses her power to lift all the blood up, raising it until it reaches the sink. It looks like there is an invisible funnel in the air helping the blood get down the sink.
“That is gross.” Justin says, placing a bag of blood into the kids arm. They have spare ones for the pack, getting it from the local blood bank. It isn’t bad for a werewolf to get human blood as long as it is the same type.
“It would take forever to clean by hand.” Mac says, Jason comes into the room caring a couple of sandwiches. 
“That was fast.” Jason says, placing them down on the dining table looking over the now clean table. Mac just pulls up a bench next to the kid. “So what do we do now?” Jason says.
“We wait.” Mac says, grabbing her sandwich.
It was about an hour of doing nothing but staring at the kid before Mac finally saw him twitch.
“He is waking up.” Mac says. 
The kids eyes open up barely, he flinches causing him to fall off the table. “Please don’t hurt me, please. I can do whatever you want.” The kid says cowering under the table. Mac takes a step back to the sink, breathing in and out. 
“What is the matter?” Jason says, running his hand down her back.
“He is just reminding me on how I use to be with the family.” Mac says, she turns around facing him. Justin hasn’t tried to help the kid out yet.
“We aren’t here to hurt you.” Mac says taking a slow step forward. “We are just trying to fix the damages on you.” Mac is on all fours looking at the kid that is below the table. She reaches her hand out slowly for him to take. He stares at her for a while before he finally puts his hand in hers. She helps him on the table, and she can tell by his facially expressions he is pain. She gets a good look at him, he looks a bit familiar. He has dirty blonde hair, blue eyes, and is white for a werewolf. “Tell Justin where it hurts.” The kid nods lying back down on the table.” 
“Why are you doing this?” The kid says, Justin got to work on him checking to see if he is healing right.
“Why wouldn’t we?” Mac says, she is holding on to the kid’s hand, he gives a little squeeze every time Justin touches a sensitive spot.
“Because I’m not part of your pack, I’m and omega, and I’m worth nothing. Take your pick.” The kid says.
“You aren’t nothing, and we are taking care of you because you do matter, even if you aren’t part of this pack.” Mac says, looking into his eyes giving his hand a squeeze.
“Thanks.” The kid says.  “How am I still alive?” The kid asks sounding a bit disappointed.
“You just better be happy Mac was the one that found you, otherwise you might not be.” Jason says. Mac gives Jason a look understanding the kid didn’t actually want to be alive, so he might not be that happy.
“Well this is all I can do, maybe your pack doctor can do more.” Justin says, putting his tools away. The kid jumps up, knocking Mac a bit back. 
“Please, Please I don’t want to go back.” The kid is sitting up with his hands clamped together in a begging position. “I would rather kill myself.” 
“We can’t just keep you like a pet.” Jason says.
“He isn’t going back.” Mac says. She goes over sitting on the counter. The kid relaxes when she says this. 
“We can’t keep him.” Jason says. “We aren’t allowed to steal other people pack members.” Jason says.
“You actually think I’m going to send him back.” Mac says, getting angry. Jason stares at her, but he knows it is worthless; Mac has already made up her mind. He just huffs taking a seat. 
“You will be bringing a war.” Jason says.
“No I won’t, plus it is the right thing to do.” Mac says, she grabs a cup, getting water next to the sink next to her. “We will just pretend he ran away.” Mac says, looking at the kid. 
“That won’t work, the council will come after him if he isn’t in school.” Justin says.
“I don’t go to school.” The kid pipes in, he is still sitting up but he looks in pain by this stance. “I’m only nineteen.” 
“Why were you there then?” Jason asks.
“My brother’s mate forgot her books.” He uses air quotes on the forgot part, he drops his arms due to the pain. “She forgets them every day, so I have to go and fetch them.
“Why don’t you just tell her to shove it?” Justin says.
“Aren’t those nice manners.” Mac puts in.
“I would do it if it was you, but it is different.” Justin says.
“Kiss ass.” Jason says under his breath.
“Oh like you wouldn’t.” Justin says.
“Anyways, you were saying kid?” Mac asks, before a fight breaks out.
“I’m the omega, I have to follow everybody’s order. Plus she is the soon to be Alpha female and she has a mean kick.” The kid says, he hears a shattering sound. He looks up to see the cup that Mac was drinking in pieces in her lap, with red coming out of her fisted hand.
“Sandy.” Mac says, not noticing her hand.
“Are you okay?” The kid says to her. “And ya her.”
“What.” Mac says, looking where the kid was pointing. She sees glass pieces inserted into her hand, she goes over to the sink starting to pull them out. “I’m fine.” Mac says.
“Why doesn’t your brother do anything about it?” Jason asks.
“My brother stop caring about me once my dad made me omega.” The kid says.
“I thought that kid in the fight said your brother did that, not your dad.” Mac says.
“Everybody thinks it was my brother, might as well be him. It isn’t like he has un done it.” The kid says.
“Gage being an asshole doesn’t surprise us, but really he doesn’t get mad at Sandy for hitting you.” Jason says.
“I don’t think he even knows,” The kid says.
“Well it is settle you are staying, in a few days his pack will think he has ran away.” Mac says, pulling out the last shard of glass from her hand. It has already started to heal, but she grabs cloth out of the medicine kit, wrapping her hand, just in case. 
“Thanks.” The kid says. Mac sees the relief fill his eyes.
“It isn’t a problem, we have a spare room.” Mac says.
“What if they do find me one day?” The kid asks.
“We will teach you how to fight.”  Mac says.
“Why do you care?” The kid asks, surprised at how sweet this girl is. He has heard his old pack talk about her and it was nothing nice. The nicest one was that she was related to the devil. Expect when it came to Collin and Chloe they worshiped her. 
“Let’s just say I’ve been where you are and I don’t like seeing other in that position.” Mac says. “So you fine with joining this pack?” 
“Yes, please.” The kid says, he jumps off the table trying to bow down to Mac, stumbling because of the pain.
“You don’t have to bow to pledge your allegiance to me. Your word is good enough.” Mac says, helping the kid up. Bending over was sending shooting pains through his stomach.
“Thank you.” The kid says.
“You got a name?” Mac asks.
“Allen.” Allen says.
“Welcome to the pack Allen.” Mac says, shaking his hand. 
“Mac, who was it that hurt you before?” Allen asks, he was really wondering who was possible of hurting her. He heard about the fight she had with his brother and it seemed she was untouchable.
“Nobody to concern yourself with, for right now, I will get back at her for what she did to me and countless others, but now isn’t the time. It was in the past and now I’m stronger because of it.” Mac says, helping Allen off the table. “Now time for bed, you need your rest.” She helps carry him out of the room.
“Guess that makes ten.” Justin says.
“We finally get a name for the pack.” Jason says, excited that they are finally able to send the paperwork into the council to become a real pack.


Chapter 14

 “Full moon tonight.” Trent says. They just got back from school. 
“Really, did you just figure that out?” Mac says, jumping out of the car.
“No need to be snippy.” Trent says.
“You know what she is like on a full moon.” Jason says. 
“I’m going to my cage now, listening to somebody yodel all the way home was driving me crazy.” Mac says, walking to the house.
“I was singing.” Trent says towards Mac.
“It didn’t sound any different than yodeling.” Mac says, throwing the door open. War and Vamp have been getting antsy to get out and she was just on the brink of losing control.
“Come on Trent, you know it isn’t her day.  But Mac you have to talk to Ethan and Justin.” Jason says running up to catch her. Mac stops in the kitchen. 
“Crap you’re right. Get them in here; I don’t know how much longer I can take people.” Mac says referring to her other sides.
“Justin, Ethan.” Jason shouts through the house. “How much are you going to tell them?” Jason asks.
“I don’t know all of it, I know I can trust them.” Mac says. 
Justin and Ethan run into the room grabbing a seat. 
“Does this mean it is time?” Ethan asks.
“Time?” Trent says.
“Yes you know, where we learn the secret handshakes and stuff.” Ethan answers.
“Yes, it is that time.” Mac says, she pulls off her sunglasses. Normally it would just show her brown eyes, but since tonight was the full moon it was black where the color supposed to be and a blue swirl inside of it.
“Shit.” Justin says jumping out of his chair.
“What are you?” Ethan asks, looking closer to her.
“Long story short, I’m the Black Luna.” Mac says grabbing a seat. 
“That was supposed to be a myth.” Ethan says.
“Well it isn’t, I’m supposed to save the race and yada yada yada.” Mac says. The room goes quiet, both of them just staring at Mac.
“Awesome.” Ethan finally says. “That’s why you didn’t care if we took Allen in, because you could defeat who ever came after us.” 
“Actually I wanted him in the pack. We needed to take care of him.” Mac says. 
“So it is real.” Justin says, finally speaking.
“Yep, but I don’t know what is going to attack the werewolf race.” Mac says.
“But they said you had enemies. Who are they?” Justin asks.
“Sandy and her family, oh and this creepy scientist Zane. He has been missing for a while, so I know he is going to show up soon.” Mac says thinking it over. 
“That’s why you hate that bitch, I just thought you were in love with Gage and was jealous.” Ethan says.
“Ya no, not in love with Gage. But yes that bitch and her family tortured me for about a year.” Mac says, just remembering it her claws started to come out. “Look the boys will catch you up, but on full moons I don’t have complete control of myself so I need to go to my cage.” Mac says, leaving the room in a hurry.
“Cage?” Ethan inquires. 
“Yep she keeps herself in a silver cell downstairs so she doesn’t kill everything within a ten mile radius.” Jason says. 
“But don’t worry, your safe now that you are part of the pack.” Trent puts in. 

The next day, Mac was back to being her normal happy self. Allen was safe at home, Jason watching over him this morning, but he is coming back at lunch. Mac was going to head home after it teaching Allen for his first fighting lesson.
“What do you mean you don’t know where he is?” Gage is getting in a fight with Collin down the hall. Mac doesn’t really care, this morning she sent in the paperwork and now they are a pack but they have yet to figure out the pack name. She was excited and thought it was about time. 
“He never came home this week.” Collin says. Mac turns her attention back to them guessing they are talking about Allen.
“Do you think he finally did it?” Gage says, drawing his hand across his throat resembling death.
“Shit, wouldn’t we of found the body?” Collin says.
“I don’t know, he could be in the forest. Shit this is my entire fault. My brother is dead because of me.” Gage says, he slumps down on the locker, tears falling down his face. “I killed my brother.” 
“We don’t know if he is for sure dead.” Collin says in a panic. Mac has taken to resting against her locker, deciding if she should take pity on him and tell him his brother is alive. But she isn’t sure yet.
“But all the blood in the parking lot it was his scent.” Gage says. 
“Ya but if he lost that much blood how did he get away from the parking lot?” Collin asks. He slumps down next to Gage patting his shoulder showing comfort. 
“I don’t know, all I know is my brother is missing.” Gage says, he kicks his books, they scatter everywhere. 
“Who else’s scent was with it, maybe it was their blood?” Collin asks.
“It was Jason’s pack.” Gage says, noticing Mac down the hall. She decided it was a good time to finally get involved in the conversation. 
“I didn’t do anything to Allen.” Mac says.
“If you didn’t then how do you know his name?” Gage asks, he jumps up getting in Mac’s face. 
“Really this is a little much, you were the one that made him omega.” Mac says. 
“It was my dad.” Gage shouts.
“Yes but you haven’t changed his status and who is alpha right now?” Mac asks, getting right back in his face. She saved his brother, and how dare he think she would hurt an innocent person. Gage takes a step back, he knows it true. But he didn’t have a choice, his father still had a hand in running the pack. 
“It isn’t my fault, my dad has control.” Gage says. Collin looks over surprised, he hated Gage’s dad, so did Gage. He couldn’t understand why Gage would let him have any power.
“You’re Alpha, nobody else has power over you.” Mac says. Gage slumps back down to his ass again, looking defeated. “Pathetic.” Mac says to herself. “He’s alive.” Gage looks up at her.
“What?” Gage asks.
“Allen, he’s alive. But he isn’t coming back to your pack. He’s gone, ran away.” Mac says, she starts walking out of the school. She didn’t feel like going to class today. 
“Mac wait.” Gage shouts, getting up running after her. He chases her through the school. It takes him by surprise when she stops suddenly in the parking lot. 
“Go away Gage.” Mac shouts. Gage is surprised; she went from cheery to mad in five seconds.
“No I want to know about Allen.” Gage shouts back. Collin followed him and is surprised by Mac’s change as well. 
“Ask Jason, but for now get the hell out of here.” Mac says, she doesn’t hesitate to shove him a bit. He stumbles into Collin who catches him. 
“Fine, ass.” Gage says, turning around leaving with Collin.
Mac turns around she looks over, silver catching her eye.
“Oh they didn’t have to leave because of me.” Zane says, stepping out from behind the car.
“It’s been a long time.” Mac says, dropping her bag on the ground.
“How I did miss you.” Zane says.
“Really the feeling isn’t mutual.” Mac says, she gets in a fighting stance. 
“Are you sure, how about where ever you went you would sniff the air for me. Does that ring any bells.” Zane says, he doesn’t care that Mac was getting ready to fight. 
“You have been watching me.” Mac states.
“A bit yes, what can I say, my experiments matter to me.” Zane says, he is leaning against the car studying Mac. “Who was that by the way, you guys do spend a lot of time together?” 
“They are nobody.” Mac says, she steps closers.
“The blonde one, he doesn’t seem like nobody. Is he your boyfriend?” Zane says, getting angry at the thought of somebody touching her.
“I guess you haven’t been paying close attention if you think he is my boyfriend. We hate each other. Don’t get me wrong, I like him more than I like you.” Mac says.
“Oh you don’t mean that.” Zane says, he lifts his hand up running it across her cheek.
“But I do.” Mac says, she steps forward hitting him in the stomach. He flies through the air landing into a car. Mac can hear the crunch of the car door. She runs over in front of him. He looks to be passed out. “Finally.” She brings up her foot to smash his head in. Before she brings it down she feels a pinch in her stomach. She looks down to see a dart sticking out.
“Wolfs bane, you remember it.” Zane says, she didn’t notice his arm moving earlier. 
“Crap.” Mac says falling down to the ground.

Gage was angry, how dare she speak to him that way. She hasn’t bothered to show for class, and he isn’t that surprised, she ditched a lot. 
“Where is she?” Gage says, storming up to her group in the cafeteria. It was two girls and four guys. 
“Who?” Trent asks. But Katie cuts him off, “I’m sorry did we start talking to you?”
“Mac started talking to me this morning when she told me to go the hell away, when all I wanted was questions about my brother.” Gage shouts at them. 
“We know nothing about your brother.” Katie says.
“You don’t care about Allen anyways.” Susie says. All heads turn to her, mad at her for admitting his name. The only way she would know is if she knew about him.  “We know nothing.” 
“Look I know you know him, Mac conformed that he is alive.” Gage says.
“Then why ask us questions?” Trent says. 
“Because Mac hasn’t shown to class, and I want to know why she became a huge ass when all I wanted to know was about my brother.” Gage says.
“You have no right to know where Mac is or anything about your brother.” Jason says, walking up placing his books on the table. He throws Mac’s backpack on the ground. He turns to the group. “Where is she?” Jason asks. He looks at the surprise faces of the group.
“Did she go home?” John asks.
“No, we were supposed to meet up before that.” Jason says. “She isn’t answering.”
“Of course not you have her phone.” Susie says, pointing at the bag. Mac’s phone displayed on the side pocket. The group just looks at her for a while before she understands that he meant Mac isn’t answering mind link.
“What happened before?” Jason says talking to Gage.
“I was talking to Collin about my brother, Mac comes up saying he is alive, saying it is my fault that he is gone. But I doubt that.” Gage says, giving the evil eye to the group.
“You are blaming this group?” Jason says, he gets in Gage’s face getting mad. “What the hell, we saved your brother. Mac saved your brother. Your stupid group practically had him on his death bed and if it wasn’t for Mac he would be dead. So go to hell if you start to think about blaming my group.” 
“She saved him?” Gage says. “How?”
“He had a wound to the head and internal bleeding, the wound to head was a deep and he was bleeding all over. Mac saved him,” Jason hesitates not wanting to mention the magic spit, “By being Mac.” Jason says, he sits down relaxing. They all just stay quiet, the group staring at Gage, Gage staring at the floor. “Now the story, where is Mac?”
“I don’t know where she is. We were talking and then she decided to leave out of the school. Collin and I followed. She got mad, told us to go to hell and to ask you if we have questions on Allen.” 
“So you left her in the parking lot.” Jason says. “That’s where I found her back pack.” He gets up heading outside to the parking lot, the group and Gage following him. “Here is where I found her back pack. Her bike is still here, but she is missing.” Jason says.
“Maybe she went for a run.” John says.
“She wouldn’t of gone…” Jason starts, but is cut off by Gage screaming, “My car.” He runs off in the directions of his black escalade. The door crushed in looking like a wrecking ball was taken to it. 
“What, what, what.” Gage stutters, running his hands over his car. Jason comes over looking over the car, if Mac was mad enough she would have taken it out on his car.
“Are you sure you didn’t say anything to make her really mad at you.” Jason says, he takes a look at it, the window is shattered, and it is dented in so much that it would be impossible to open the car door. 
“No I didn’t, I was just asking about my brother.” Gage says. Jason looks down on the ground there is a bit of blood, a scent of a shifter. 
“Mac?” Trent says.
“Yes and no, she wasn’t alone.” Jason answers.
“She destroyed my car, how, what, why?” Gage says.
“I don’t think she knew it was your car.” Jason answers, “It just happened to be here at the wrong time.” He looks down finding a dart, Mac’s scent covering it. “Shit.” Jason says punching Gage’s car.
“Hey.” Gage shouts, mad at Jason for adding another dent.
“What?” John asks.
“He has her.” Jason answers.
“Who?” Gage asks.
“Why did you leave her, why? Why did you have to be there? She could have run.” Jason says getting into Gage’s face.
“Dude, relax it isn’t his fault, he didn’t take her.” Trent says, pulling Jason off of him. “Plus you’re in charge, you have to keep your temper in check.” 
“He took her, he took her again. How am I supposed to remain calm?” Jason says, he slides down the car not caring about the shattered glass cutting his jeans. 
“She will make it through.” John says, sliding down next to his brother.
“What is going on?” Gage says after a second of silence. He isn’t the only one confused, Brad and Susie are confused as well. Trent is holding Katie, not even caring that his tears were ruining her shirt.
Jason takes a deep breath before standing up. “Nothing, nothing is happening. You guys know the drill. I’m in charge and the days go by as normal.” He starts to walk off towards the school, his group following but nobody looking happy.

“You do know I will get away, like I did the last two times.” Mac says, he clamps the chains down on her arms. She is in a chair this time, which is better than the floor that she got the last two times. He clamps down her legs and a section of her middle. The wolfs bane needle is placed into her arm, enough to keep both Vamp and War asleep.
“I know, but for the time I have you. I don’t know why the wolfs bane doesn’t contain you on the full moon but one day I will find something that does. Now haven’t you gotten pretty?” Zane says playing with her hair. “I would prefer it silver.” 
“Bit me.” Mac says, receiving a slap to the face. 
“I know you can change it to silver, now do it. Don’t you want me happy?” Zane says.
“Happy, dead. Same thing right, and it is staying brown.” Mac says, earning herself another slap. The wolfs bane stripping of her off all her powers, including hiding her scars and changing her hair.
“Why do you have to be difficult, life would be easier if you just went with what I say.” Zane says. “I don’t want to hurt you.” He places a kiss on her cheek, Mac struggles against it but he grabs her chin holding her in place. “There your boo-boo is all better.” Zane says.
“Psycho.” Mac says, earning another slap.
“Why do you make me do this to you?” Zane says.
“Because I like it rough.” Mac says, “I’m not doing anything, this is all your choice, you can let me go.”
“I wish I could, but in the name of science I can’t. He taught me that.” Zane says. “But we can still have a good time,” placing a kiss on Mac’s cheek again. “No shall we get started.” Zane says bringing out his tool kit.
“What is it this time?” Mac says.
“Oh this is going to be a fun one. Why I was watching you, I noticed you heal faster than most. Strange, probably because you are part werewolf and part vampire. But it got me thinking, can you heal from everything, a cut.” Zane says bring the knife scratching against her arm. Mac screams feeling the pain, it was deep and the blood was oozing out. It was already starting to heal, the skin clotting before coming together. “That was fast. How about a stab?” He takes the knife shoving it into her leg, Mac screams bloody murder. He takes the knife out, wiping the blood on his sleeve. “This one doesn’t seem to heal as fast.” Blood was still exuding out, but Zane did nothing to try and stop it.
It took about an hour before the wound was healed, Mac dozing in and out for the hour from blood lose. 
“Okay, so a stab takes a little while, good to know.” Zane says, looking over the wound. 
“What are you going to do next?” Mac asks, scared of the pain that is going to come.
“Isn’t it obvious,” He goes over to his tool box picking out the pliers. Mac looks at it with big eyes. “I’m going to remove your finger.” 
“No, please don’t do this.” Mac pleads.
“Relax it will only be the pinky.” Zane says stepping forward. 

“Do you think she is back yet?” Gage asks Collin, he was worried about her even though he wanted her gone he didn’t want her gone like this. It had been three weeks and there was no sign of her. He tried last week to get some information from Susie, her being the talker in the group, but she just walked away with tears running down her face.
“Does it look like she is back?” Collin says, he looks over at the pack and just like the last three weeks there wasn’t a smile on any of the packs faces. 
“How could they just not go looking for her?” Gage asks.
“It was her orders.” Chloe says, sliding under Collin’s arm.
“What do you mean? How do you know about this stuff?” Gage asks. 
“I do work out there every day, plus I’m there friend.” Chloe says. “And what I mean by her order is that whenever she is gone they are supposed to act like nothing has changed.”  
“It isn’t like she just left, she was taken.” Gage says. 
“Apparently this isn’t the first time.” Chloe says, she too was un happy by the missing presence of Mac. 
“What else do you know? Who took her?” Gage asks, getting in Chloe face.
“I don’t know who took her, they do though. But they won’t say the person’s name.” Chloe says stepping back into Collin’s comfort.
“Why do you care so much?” Collin asks, interested. Gage normally didn’t care about this girl and now he was worried for her, interesting, Collin thought. 
“I don’t care about her.” Gage says.
“Who don’t you care about?” Sandy says joining the group. 
“Mac.” Collin replies. Gage sending a glare his way.
“Why would we care about her, she was nothing but a bitch and a problem in our lives.” Sandy says.
“Shut up, you know nothing about her.” Chloe says, it took the group by surprise normally Chloe is the soft spoken one, never getting in somebodies face.
“Watch it.” Sandy says, she steps forward towards Chloe, expecting her to back away. Chloe doesn’t, instead she steps forward, staring into Sandy’s eyes. “Look away, I’m your Alpha female show me respect.” Sandy says, annoyed Chloe hasn’t looked away. 
“Funny, I can’t look Mac in the eye for longer than a second. But for some reason I can stare at you all day. Wonder who is the more powerful one?” Chloe says. 
“That bitch is nothing but a human.” Sandy says, Gage is surprised he knows Sandy hates humans. But he has never seen her this mean about anybody. “It is a good thing she’s gone.” Sandy says. She gets shoved against the locker. 
“What did you just say?” Jason says, his forearm pressing into her throat. 
“I said it is a good thing she is gone.” Sandy says. Gage tries to step forward to protect Sandy but Collin steps in his way pushing him back a bit.
“What are you doing?” Gage says to Collin.
“Don’t get involved.” Collin says. Gage looks over Collin’s shoulder to see all of Mac’s friends standing around Jason.
“I should kill you, hell I want to kill you. It would make the world a better place, but you aren’t mine to kill.” Jason says. “Talk about Mac that way again and I will shove your head through a locker.” Jason hits the locker next to her leaving a dent where his fist laid. She takes a small gulp, Jason getting a smirk when he sees this. She should be scared he thought. “She will be back.” Jason says.
“How do you know?” Collin asks. Gage has yet to try and step away from Collins hold. 
“Because I do.” Jason says, he drops his forearm from her neck. “Watch what you say next time, because I won’t hesitate to hurt you.” Jason says before walking off, the group following. 
“Gage.” Sandy whines. “Why didn’t you help me?”
“Because they are a new pack it would be best if we got along with them.” Gage says, shuffling from foot to foot. 
“Really but I’m your mate, god damnt.” Sandy says storming off.
“Packs, really?” Collin says, pushing Gage to the side a bit. 
“What else was I supposed to say? The truth, that I don’t actually know why I didn’t help her or that she was being a giant bitch.” Gage says. 
“It would have been a start.” Collin says.
“Oh how about this, Sandy you’re a bitch, please leave me alone.” Chloe says. Both Collin and Gage look at her surprise.
“I like this side of Chloe.” Collin says placing kisses into her neck. 
“What brought it on?” Gage says. He was use to quiet Chloe.
“Mac did.” Chloe says, her tone dropping a bit. 
“You heard what Jason said, she will be back.” Collin says, placing kisses on her cheek.
“I hope so.” Chloe says. “They said she will be back the day after the full moon.” 
“That’s only a week.” Collin says he was a little excited to see Mac again.
“How do they know?” Gage says, Chloe just shrugs. They didn’t tell her much, she hasn’t even found out about Allen staying with them.

Chapter 15
The week went by and everybody was on the ends of the seats the day after the full moon. Chloe wanted to wait outside, waiting for the cars of the pack to come. It was snowy out, just flakes falling down. It was winter wonderland, the tree’s all covered, everybody in dark colored jackets hugging their bodies.
“Do you think she will be back?” Chloe asks. She arrived early excited for Mac to be back only a few were in the parking lot. She brings her jacket closer, shivering a bit.
“I don’t know, but I hope so.” Collin says, he has his arms wrapped around Chloe. She wouldn’t stop bouncing up and down in her seat. “Will you relax?” Collin says.
“No it is too exciting, she is back.” Chloe says. 
“Don’t get your hopes up too much babe.” Collin says, but truth was he was excited to.
“What are we doing out here?” Gage says, hugging his jacket to him as the wind crept around them. 
“Nobody asked you to be here.” Chloe says. That shut Gage up, he didn’t know why he was out here. He thinks it is because she acts like his an annoying little sister, he shrugs the memory away quickly.
“She’s here, she’s here.” Chloe says, jumping out of Collins arms running towards the group of cars. They park the cars, jumping out, Chloe stops in her place. None of them look happy, the same old miserable faces.  Jason catches her eye, he sends a little shake of his head, implying that Mac has yet to show up. “No,” Chloe runs back into Collins arms, this time with tears running down her face. Gage just stays standing staring at the group. 
“But they said…” Gage says.
“She will come back, don’t worry.” Collin says, stroking Chloe hair. 
“Can I go home.” Chloe says. Gage nods his head. 
“I will give you a ride.” Gage says heading towards his car, not wanting to be at school either.

Every day it was like that, them waiting outside for the cars to pull up, but Mac still wasn’t jumping out of it. Jason would give a small shake of the head telling them that she has yet to show. The looks on the groups face becoming bleaker. 
“You said, a day after. It has been a week.” Chloe says, she runs up to Jason screaming her head off this morning. Jason doesn’t do anything but stare at her. 
“Chloe.” Collin says, coming and grabbing her.
“He said a day.” Chloe says.
“You do realize he is in pain as well.” Collin says. 
“I know, I know. I’m sorry Jason, but I just miss her.” Chloe says, pulling Collin into a hug.
“She’ll be back.” Jason says.
“How do you know?” Gage asks. 
“She has to.” Jason says his voice straining. 
“Come on dude, she wouldn’t be happy if we were late to class.” Trent says, coming up and giving Jason a push. Chloe and Collin follow the group inside, Gage walks over lying on the bench, the only part not covered in snow. He didn’t feel like trying to concentrate.
“A week, they said she would be here a week ago.” Gage says, he stares up at the sky. “Why do I even care, she was just an annoying human.” 
“Going crazy?” He hears from above.
“Maybe I am, I am hearing voices.” Gage says, answering the voice.
“I meant the whole talking to yourself thing. By the way, that annoying human comment, it better not of been about me.” Mac says taking a seat next to him. 
“Your, your…” Gage says sitting up staring at her.
“Back, yep. I figured I would run into my friends. But guess they actually went inside.” Mac says. Gage is staring at her, she looks paler than usual and there is a cast going from her elbow down to her finger tips but other than that she looked the same. Even had her sunglasses covering her eyes as per usual.
“What happened?” Gage asks, still not believing she is back.
“Sweety that is a long story that your ears aren’t ready for.” Mac says. 
“But you’re good?” He says looking at the blue cast that covers her arm.
“Aww is little Gage actually caring about me?” Mac says.
“Actually I was more annoyed, Chloe wouldn’t stop crying this week without you showing up.” Gage says, turning his head so his blush isn’t showing but Mac still saw.
“Sure, anyways mind telling Chloe I’m here. She will tell the rest of my friends.” Mac says. 
Chloe, come outside and bring Mac’s friends.
Why.
Just do it.
“So this is awkward.” Mac finally says after a minute of silence. 
“Like that helps it.” Gage replies.
“It isn’t like it hurts the awkwardness.” Mac says.
“It could.” Gage replies.
“Nu uh.” Mac says.
“Uh-uh.” Gage replies.
This goes on for a couple minutes before a scream rips through the air. Gage notice how Mac jumps on her feet in a fighting stance, she seems more on alert than what he was used to.
“Mac.” Her friends say at the same time. They all come running over tackling her to the ground in a group pile, Chloe and Collin joining. Gage just stands to the side awkwardly waiting for them to stand back up.
“What happened?” 
“How?” 
“Where have you been?” 
“What happened to your arm?”
“Are you alright?”
“Mac.” 
“Hold up, to many questions at a time?” Mac says over the voices. “First I want a hug from each of you. So line up and Jason let go. You can go back to holding me after I hug ever one.” Mac says, prying Jason’s arms off her waist. 
They all line up in a horizontal line, Mac chuckles a bit at this.
“Susie.” Mac says giving her a hug. “You look like you lost weight.” Looking Susie over. 
“I have, ten pounds.” Susie says smiling back.
“That’s great. Brad.” Mac says giving him a hug. “More muscle.” He just nods back a smile at his lips.
“Justin.” Mac says giving him a hug.
“Katie.” Mac gives her a hug, Trent jumping in on it. 
“Wait your turn.” Katie says, Trent drops the hug getting back in line. 
“It is about time your back.” Katie whispers in her ear.
“Trent.” Mac says pulling him in a hug. When she steps back Trent grabs her face pulling her into a kiss. The rest chuckle, Gage joining but it was a dry laugh. “Trent.” Mac screams after pushing him away.
“Tradition?” Trent says with a cheesy smile on his face, earning a smack from Katie. 
“Chloe, Collin. I’m glad you’re here.” Chloe jumps on Mac squeezing her as hard as she could. “Need air.” Mac says. 
“Sorry,” Chloe says dropping her arms. 
“Don’t be, I missed you to.” Mac says. “Collin,” Mac says going in for a hug. It doesn’t last that long but she is glad that Collin is here. 
“Gage?” Mac says stepping to the next person. 
“Um well, everybody seem to be doing it, so you know I joined. But you know it’s weird you don’t have to.” Gage says stepping back. 
“Come here, even I don’t hate you right now.” Mac says pulling Gage into a hug. He wraps his arms around placing his head into the side of her neck, the smell of pears reaching his nose. It tingles bringing a smile to his lips. He knew he missed her, but not until now did he realize how much.
“School isn’t the same without you.” Gage whisper in her ear. Mac just smiles giving him one last squeeze. She lets him go slowly. 
“Well that was awkward.” Mac says after a second of silence and them staring at each other.
“You saying that makes it awkward.” Gage says.
“No it doesn’t.” Mac says, laughing a bit.
“We just went through this.” Gage says.
“And I won that fight.” Mac says. 
“Nu-uh.” Gage says.
“Uh-uh.” Mac says.
It goes on for a minute before somebody interrupts. 
“I want my hug.” Ethan shouts over there fight. Mac laughs but walks over, giving Ethan a hug. “Did you get him?” Ethan asks. Mac steps back shaking her head no. Ethan face drops a bit before he pulls Mac into another hug. “We will.” He says before letting her go.
“John.” Mac says giving him a hug, he picks her up swinging her around. 
“I missed you.” John says. 
“Same.” Mac says, being placed on floor. Jason doesn’t hesitate to wrap his hands around her waist again. 
“Never leave us.” Jason says, nuzzling his head into her neck.
“I will do my best.” Mac says, wrapping her arms around him.  The group joining in again for another hug, Gage joining this time.
“So what happened?” John asks. Mac looks over towards Collin, Chloe, and Gage. 
“We get it, private matters.” Collin says, taking the hint. 
“Sorry.” Mac says.
“Don’t worry we understand.” Collin says. “We are just glad you’re back.”  He grabs Chloe hand pulling her away, Gage has yet to leave. “Come on, it isn’t our business.” He pulls Gage by the hood, after a little resistance he follows Collin back into the school.
“So what happened?” John asks once the others were out of site. 
“Zane happened.” Mac says. 
“We know that.” Jason says. “Start from the beginning.” 
“He showed up here, put a dart into me and then I was off to his new lair. From there it was nothing but experiments. Full moon came, I transformed and mauled his leg. Nothing really different than normal.” Mac says. 
“But what about your arm?” Katie asks. Mac looks down at the cast she made. 
“Ya, um well I can’t really use it.” Mac says. 
“Why?” Jason asks.
“Because the bones were missing, and now they are barely there. In a couple of weeks it should be back to normal. Hopefully.”  Mac says, getting a startled look from the group. 
“What do you mean?” John asks.
“He cut my ulna and radius out, but left the skin. It is healing but it has already been three weeks and I still can’t move my fingertips.” The grossed out looks from her group faces didn’t surprise her. It hurt and if it wasn’t for the cast it would look like a bull dozer ran over her arm. “That’s why it took me so long to come back, I needed to get a cast.” Mac says. 
“Why didn’t you mind link us as soon as you got out, we would have helped.” Jason says.
“He put so much wolfs bane into me it is surprising I’m not dead. I can just barely feel War, but every day she is waking up more and more. Oh wait do they know?” Mac says referring to Susie and Brad. 
“After two weeks of you missing we took pity on them and told them everything. I hope you don’t mind.” Jason says. 
“Not at all, makes my job easier.” Mac says. 
“So are you human right now are something, you know because you can’t feel your wolf.” Susie asks.
“Actually Vamp is almost in complete control. Her power came back after the needle left my arm.” She took her sun glasses off showing her black eyes. “My arm heals faster this way. Anyways now that show and tell is done I’m heading home.” Mac says. 
“You aren’t leaving us.” Jason says squeezing his arms that are around her waist. 
“But I haven’t seen Allen yet.” Mac says, she wanted to see how his training was going.
“Fine then we will join you.” Justin says, swinging his keys around. 
“Okay, but back to school tomorrow for us all.” Mac says jumping into the back of the car. Jason placing her on his lap. 
“They are leaving.” Gage says over his shoulder. 
“Did you hear anything?” Collin asks.
“We shouldn’t be eavesdropping.” Chloe chimes in. 
“No I didn’t, but what is Jason to Mac?” Gage says. “And Chloe you want to know as much as we do.
“What jealous?” Collin says, smirking a bit. “I saw the way you didn’t want to let her go during that hug.” 
“I’m just glad she is back so I don’t have to deal with your sad asses.” Gage says. “Plus she is like a little sister to me.” 
“Sure.” Collin says patting his shoulder. “But no I don’t think they are anything. If anything she would be hooking up with Brody.” 
“The teacher?” Gage says, getting angry.
“Jealous?” Collin says again.
“Stop saying that, and no. I’m just worried Brody is using his power in an un-healthy way.” Gage says. 
“What he is twenty two he is perfectly in the clear to use whatever power he has.” Collin says.
“Shut up.” Gage says pushing him.
“Relax.” Chloe says. “Nothing is going on, Mac isn’t like that. He has hit on her a couple of times but she doesn’t have time for a boyfriend right now and no she isn’t dating Jason they are just best friends. More in a brother and sisterly way.” Gage just nods looking at the cars leaving the parking lot. 
“Aww, I think somebody has a crush.” Collin says. 
“Shut up, I have a mate.” Gage says. 
“Who you haven’t spoken to in a week.” Collin says. 
“Shit, I haven’t.” Gage says. “I’ve been busy.” 
“Doing what, writing I love Mac all over your notebook.” Collin says, he takes off running Gage chasing him. Chloe just watching them, she is happy to see that her group was happy again. 



Chapter 16
It was back to normal in a week, Gage pranking Mac. Her ignoring it, the only difference was Collin always making fun of Gage.
“I don’t love her, now will you shut up.” Gage says, throwing a water balloon towards Mac. It was going directly at her until it took an unusual turn plopping on the floor. Mac sitting on the table turns around giving him a smile.
“Try again.” Mac mouths, facing him this time. 
“Wow your arm sucks, are you purposely trying not to hit her.” Collin says, stealing fries off of Chloe plate. 
“Shut up.” Gage says throwing another one, it was going straight but at the last minute curved to the left of her. Mac watched with an amused look on her face. 
“Baby, you remembered we have dinner tonight with my parent’s right?” Sandy says taking a seat next to him. Once Mac’s sees her, she turns around towards her group again.
“Is your brother going to challenge me to another stupid fight again?” Gage says, digging into his lunch.
“Babe, I’m sorry about him. But he wants to be Alpha and it has only been four times. How am I supposed to stop him from wanting that?” Sandy says. 
“Tell him he is a pussy.” Collin says, earning a glare from Sandy.
“Gage.” Sandy wines.
“Gage” Collin and Chloe mock.
“I have to make a phone call.”  Gage says, taking his cooler of water balloons with him.
“Watch who you are talking to.” Sandy says, giving a death glare to the two of them.
“Oh we are so scared.” Chloe says.
“Don’t forget who is an actual werewolf.” Sandy says.
“I’m not scared of you anymore.” Chloe says, she looks over at Mac’s table, seeing that Mac was watching the whole thing. Mac gives Chloe a small smile encouraging her to go on.
“Bitch, I will make sure you are scared of me.” Sandy says.
“Do that and I will kill you.” Collin says, he stands up leaning into Sandy’s face.
“Once I’m officially Alpha Female you two will be out of this pack.” Sandy says, standing up with her tray. 
“Cool, I wouldn’t mind joining Jason’s pack.” Collin says, Chloe nodding along with him. 
“Bitches.” Sandy says walking away.  “Gage.” Sandy whines once she reaches Gage.
“Not right now.” Gage says. “So what are you doing here?” The guy in front of Gage was big, dark brown hair reaching below his ears. He was tan with dark brown eyes that bordered on black.
“What can’t I visit my pack at their school?” The guy says.
“I thought you were away Brett.” Gage says.
“And now I’m back. Funny thing is I heard from most of my pack about the human that beat you in a fight. Sad day when an Alpha can’t even beat a human girl.” Alpha Brett says.
“You don’t know her.” Gage says.
“I would like to change that.” Alpha Brett says walking past Gage.
“Stop, what are you doing?” Gage asks, following Alpha Brett.
“I’m going to meet the famous Mac.” Alpha Brett says.
“Don’t mess with her.” Gage says, stepping in front of Alpha Brett.
“Is Gage protecting the human?” Alpha Brett says.
“Gage, why do you even care?” Sandy says.
“Don’t use her as one of your ponds. She is like a little sister to me and I will protect her.” Gage says, ignoring Sandy. 
“Why I would never use her as a pond, unless she’s hot. Plus it isn’t like you could protect your last sister.” Alpha Brett says, stunning Gage into silence. “Now excuse me.” Alpha Brett pushes Gage to the side, walking up to Mac’s group. “Now who is the famous Mac?” 
Mac turns around taking in the hot guy in front of her. “That would be me.” Mac says. Alpha Brett’s eyes do a quick check of the girl and he likes what he sees.
“Hi, I’m honored to meet you.” Alpha Brett says, taking her hand and placing a small kiss.
“Thanks, who are you?” Mac says, wiping her hand against her jeans.
“I’m Alpha Brett, but you can just call me Brett.”  Brett says. 
“Trust me when I say, I wouldn’t call you anything else.” Mac says. 
“So you are the girl that defeated Gage in a fight.” Brett states.
“Yep that’s me, although it wasn’t really a defeat. More of a fact he couldn’t touch me.” Mac says, her legs are hanging over the table, Brett steps in between them. 
“If it were me I would do anything in my power to be able to touch you.” Brett says.
“Really?” Mac says.
“Yes, how about a date this Friday, you, me, Jake’s steak house, my treat.” Brett says, running his hand down Mac’s arm.
“Sure.” Mac says, she grabs a marker from her purse. “Here” Mac says grabbing his arm, writing her number down. “Text me.” Mac says as the bell rings. She gives him a kiss on his cheek before walking away.
“You really going to go out with him?” Jason asks.
“Do you have a problem with him?” Mac asks.
“No, but it is just you don’t know him.” Jason says.
“True, but what is the worst thing he can do. Cut off my arm.” Mac says sitting down in class. This is one of the few that she has the majority of her pack members in.
“Or, I don’t know, he can kill you.” Jason says. 
“Come on Jason, you know I don’t believe that I can die.” Mac says. Jason just gives her a small smile, focusing on the teacher that just started class.
“Where have I heard that before?” Gage whispers to Collin, he was eavesdropping. He wasn’t happy that she was going on a date with Brett. The guy was an asshole in his mind and a giant man whore. He thinks Mac deserved better than Brett. He shakes his head wondering where that thought came from. 
“Um what line?” Collin says, looking down at his text book which was really his cell phone placed in hiding.
“That fact she doesn’t think that she can die.” Gage says. He looks up at Collins face, Collin displaying a smirk towards him.
“Why were you listening?” Collin says. “Is it because you care about Mac?” Gage looks up to see if anybody could hear them, the only one looking there way was Mac. But that would be impossible for her to hear, right? He thought. 
“I don’t care about her, it is about Brett mostly.” Gage says, he sees Mac turn around in her seat.
“Sure, it’s Brett you really want to know about.” Collin says, earning a shove from Gage.
“Focus where have we heard that line before?” Gage says.
“What is this we, we aren’t together all the time.” Collin says. 
“We are a lot of the time.” Gage says.
“Is this your way of saying you like me, are you coming out to me. I’m not surprised, that is probably why Sandy isn’t your mate because deep down your wolf loves me and only me.” Collin says. Gage can hear a laugh coming from in front of them. It was Mac but why was she the only one laughing? Gage thought, he sees Jason leaning over with a confused look. Mac just smiling back giving him a wave of the hand telling him it is nothing. “Sorry bro I’m a taken man, but if Chloe’s down so am I.” Collin says. Mac breaks down in laughter, getting an angry look from the teacher. She quiets up but has a smile on her face.
“First of all, not gay. So go screw yourself.” Gage says.
“Chloe would love to do that job.” Collin says, cutting Gage off.
Gage glares at Collin before continuing, he lowers his voice coming in really close to Collin. “Second, do you think she can her us.” Gage whispers.
“Who?” Collin asks, looking around the room.
“Mac.” Gage says, seeing Mac tense up.
“But she is human.” Collin says.
“Ya but she was laughing while you were joking and nothing else in the room was funny.” Gage says.
“You are insulting our love by calling it a joke, and trampling it by staring at Mac. Why I should say we are through.” Collin says, he stares down at his phone receiving a text.  Gage looks up to see Mac shaking a bit in her seat, he is pretty sure it is from laughter. 
“Mac.” Gage says, barely loud enough that only Collin hears him. Mac turns around in her seat looking Gage directly in the eye. She turns back around in her seat. She thought it was a loud call, and that she wasn’t the only one to hear it. But what in reality was a test by Gage. 
“She heard me.” Gage says.
“That’s great, now you can actually talk to her rather than write “I love you Mac” in your notebook.” Collin says in a bored voice getting annoyed by the pointless conversation. 
“Shut up, I think she can hear us.” Gage says, seeing Mac shake from laughter again.
“If she can then don’t you think she can hear our conversation right now.” Collin says. “Even without whispering.” 
“How is that possible, the werewolves in the room can’t hear us?” Gage says. 
“I don’t know, maybe she is in all actuality a vampire.” Collin says. 
“The vampire, that’s where I heard the line before,” Gage says. “Why do you think that Mac and the vampire said the same line?”
“I don’t know, slash I don’t care. Mac is human, I doubt she is running around with vampires. It was probably just a coincidence.” Collin says.
“You’re probably right.” Gage says.
“And she probably turned around because she could feel you staring at her, like you have been doing in all your classes.” Collins says.
“No I haven’t.” Gage shouts, earning a glare from the teacher.
“Sure.” Collin whispers going back to his phone. 
The bell finally wrung, Mac walking over to her locker to drop off her books.
“What were you laughing at all class?” Jason asks.
“Collin was making gay jokes about Gage all class, he is quiet the comedian.” Mac says, shoving her books in.
“You were listening in on them.” Jason states.
“It isn’t my fault, I had to. Apparently Vamp said a line that I said and Gage was fitting pieces together.” Mac says. “Thankfully Collin pretty much just called him stupid, and Gage dropped it.” 
“Yes because that is the only reason.” Jason says, smiling a bit.
“What other reason would there be?” Mac says getting angry at what he was insinuating. 
“Nothing, nothing at all.” Jason says walking off to his shifter class.
“Ass.” Mac says, walking off to gym. 
“So what did you learn in class today?” Gage says stopping Mac. She squints her eyes at him before answering.
“I wasn’t paying attention lost in my own thoughts.” Mac replies.
“So why did you look back at me?” Gage says.
“Felt somebody staring, it is weird actually in every class I feel somebody staring.” Mac says, watching Gage’s cheek go pink. 
“Oh well I doubt they are.” Gage says.
“Sure, now off to class.” Mac says.
“Wait,” Gage says, grabbing her arm to stop her from leaving. “Why did you say yes to Brett?”  Mac takes a step back surprised why he would care.
“I don’t know, he’s hot, alpha, free food. Why do you care?” Mac asks.
“He is a bad guy.” Gage says, walking away. Mac just stared watching him walk away, pissed at him for not explaining more. She hears the bell ring but instead of gym she heads towards her bike. 
Chapter 17
It was Friday and Mac was looking forward to her date. Brett has sent some text say “Hey, how’s it going.” They were small conversation with some jokes, keeping Mac interested for the week. Gage had been ignoring her, which pissed her off more than his pranks.  
“Gage, can you pass me the paper.” Mac says. Brody was handing out the homework, Gage was sitting in front of her refusing to hand it back.
“Gage come on, stop being an idiot.” Mac says, poking him in the back. Vamp was getting irritated. War has yet to resurface, but Mac could feel her stirring so she knew War was still there. 
“Fine.” Mac says, getting up walking to the front of Gage’s desk. She tries to grab her papers but Gage keeps his hold on it. She pulls, them ripping apart, causing her to fall on her butt. 
“Shit, sorry.” Gage says. 
“Really if you were you would have just handed them back.” Mac says, getting up. 
“Do you still have a date planed with Brett tonight?” Gage says, changing the subject.
“Why do you care?” Mac says.
“Who’s talking?” Brody asks, he turns around finding Mac and Gage glaring at each other. “Why am I not surprised.” 
“I don’t, I just hate him.” Gage says.
“And you hate me, so shouldn’t you be happy we are together?” Mac says.
“I don’t hate you. You are like a sister.” Gage says earning a surprised look from Mac. “Plus you hate me, and you hate Sandy yet you aren’t happy we are together.”
“You don’t hate me?” Mac says, mostly to herself. “And I hate Sandy because she is a giant bitch and I want her to die alone.” Mac says, angry again.
“I’m tired of this, detention for the both of you.” Brody says, Mac and Gage continue to ignore him.
“Ya, I don’t hate you. You are annoying but I don’t hate you.” Gage says looking at the floor. 
“Plus he worries about you when you’re away.” Collin puts in.
“Shut up, no I don’t.” Gage says, punching Collin the arm. 
“I don’t hate you either.” Mac says, staring at the floor.
“Then drop your date with Brett.” Gage says.
“It is one date, it isn’t like I’m getting married to him.” Mac says, getting annoyed at Gage for trying to order her around. 
“Fine, then don’t come crying to me when he breaks your heart.” Gage says staring at the front of the room. 
“Ya because you would be the first person I would go to with my problems.” Mac says going back to her desk.
“Are you guys done yet?” Brody says. Both Gage and Mac nod their head. “Then if you didn’t hear me earlier, detention.” Both drop their heads to the desk in anger. 
The rest of the day went back to normal, Gage ignoring Mac. She was fine with it this time. 
“So, are you heading home now or are you going to finish your homework?” John asks, standing next to Mac putting her books away.
“I have detention.” Mac says, slamming her books in her locker. 
“What did you do?” John asks, walking with her to the room.
“Gage was being annoying, and we got in trouble.” Mac says.
John starts to laugh. “You both got in trouble, why am I not surprised.” 
“I hate you.” Mac says, reaching the detention room’s door.
“No you don’t.” John says, leaving her.
“I can wish.” Mac says to his retreating figure. 
She walks into the class; Gage is slumped over his desk at the back of room. She doesn’t want to deal with him. She decides to sit in the front of the class room, it would be the easiest way to ignore him. Brody walks in with a smile on his face.
“Good you are both here.” Brody says.
“What I don’t get is why we have to be here. It isn’t an actual high school. What trouble would we get in if we left right now?” Mac asks.
“If you miss this you fail out of school.” Brody says. Mac slumps in her desk. 
“Of course we would.” Mac says.
“But for you I could always let you go for good behavior.” Brody says, he is in front of Mac’s desk. 
“Good behavior?” Mac asks. 
“You know good behavior,” Brody says only loud enough for her to hear, he picks up Mac’s hand placing it on his groin. Mac takes her hand away from his section. 
“No, I would rather take the hour detention.” Mac says. 
“You know, it could be longer than an hour. You do act up a lot in my class.” Brody says, he runs his hand down her arm before grabbing her hand again. “Just for a little is all I need. Plus I know you would enjoy it.” Brody says whispering into her ear. Mac is about to punch him but is surprised to find him flying across the room. Gage next to her radiating anger. 
“Touch her again and I will kill you.” Gage says, walking over to Brody. Brody has hit the wall and is slumped to the floor. 
“Want her all to yourself don’t you?” Brody says, standing up. 
“You disgust me.” Gage says throwing a punch into his face. He keeps going, Brody slumps to the floor after the fourth. 
“Stop.” Mac says, finding her voice.
“Are you protecting him?” Gage says, getting off of him. 
“No, but you can’t kill your own pack member.” Mac says. “It would cause so much trouble.”
“I wouldn’t let a piece of shit into my pack, he’s your precious boyfriends problem.” Gage says. 
“That would explain why he gave Brett’s pack A’s.” Mac says, laughing at her own joke.
“You’re joking right now, he tried to molest you and you’re making a joke.” Gage says.
“What am I supposed to do? Go cry in the corner. If I was to do that every time somebody molested me I wouldn’t be able to do anything.” Mac says.
“What?” Gage says. 
“Where did it not make since?” Mac asks.
“He isn’t the first?” Gage asks.
“Not by a long shot.” Mac says, grabbing her bag. She looks over to see Brody still passed out on the ground. “Thanks.” Mac says. Mac was glad Gage was there; for once she didn’t have to deal with the situation by herself. 
Gage just watched her go, wondering who else has touched her and also what to do with Brody. His wolf wanted to kill him, which is weird because his wolf normally didn’t think death was right, but in this case his wolf wanted blood. He knew Mac was right though, killing Brody would lead to a lot of trouble. He ended up just leaving Brody there, lying on the floor blood coming out of a few of his cuts.

 “Brett this is a really nice place.” Mac says, him pushing in her chair. It was a five star restaurant, Mac made sure to wear an appropriate dress. It was green, bringing out the color of her brown eyes, it had a low v neck showing off some cleavage but no much and it fell to the floor. She wasn’t the best dressed at the restaurant but she fit in. There table was secluded, with two small candles in the middle lighting up there section. Brett was in a nice suit, grey with a black bow tie. Mac at first wanted to laugh, who still wears bow ties, but it is the thought that counts. 
“Why would I take you to anywhere else? Only the best for my lady.” Brett says, he doesn’t see the flinch from Mac. Something deep inside of her didn’t like being called his lady. But it was just the start of the date.
“Tell me where have you been all year?” Mac asks, starting small conversation. The waiter poured some red wine into Mac’s cup. She hated wine but didn’t want to tell Brett that.
“There has been a hunter problem, so I was over at the next pack’s place helping them out.” Brett says, taking a sip of his wine.
“That was nice of you.” Mac says. “Did you get them all?” 
Brett starts to laugh. “You know nothing of hunters do you?” Mac just gives a small smile. It was true she doesn’t know much about them. Just that they hunt werewolves and vampires. They are human but take it upon themselves to help rid the world of her kind. If she was never bitten she would have probably became one. 
“I know a little.” Mac says.
“Of course, what they teach you in school. But what you need to know is that they are tons of hunters. I did get that group, but there is still a ton out there.” Brett says.
“At least you got one group.” Mac says, taking a sip of her wine. 
Brett and her continued on with dinner, mostly sticking with small talk. 
“Thanks for dinner it was lovely.” Mac says, they reached her house and she could see the pack staring from an upstairs window. 
“It was great, I do hope we can do it again.” Brett says, he takes a step forward placing his hand on her waist. He leans down bringing his lips down to hers. It was sweet, but nothing amazing. She smiles kissing him back. She feels a stir in her stomach, she wants to claw at him, she wants to push him back and take his head off. She pushes him away when she feels her claws extract.  
“Thanks again, but as the saying goes always leave him wanting more.” Mac says, running into the house collapsing on the living room couch.
“That was, something.” Trent says, laughing and the group joining him all crashing on the couch.
“Shut up.” She looks down, her claws have yet to disappear. It was in both hands, the right has them slicing through the cast.
“What happened?” Jason inquires.
“I don’t know. He was kissing me, and it was sweet. But then War surfaced and wanted to kill him for touching us.” Mac says.
“War is back?” Justin asks.
“Yes and for some reason she hates Brett.” Mac says.
“Maybe because he is a douche.” Jason says.
“Can I ride her?” Ethan asks. Getting a weird look from group. “Trent tells me War is the size of a horse.” 
“I guess you can, but I can’t run until my arm is healed and Jason you sound just like Gage.” Mac says.
“Don’t compare us.” Jason says.
“Somebodies a little sensitive.” Mac says, pinching Jason cheeks. 
“Ouch, watch the claws.” Jason says, Mac retracts her hand see a few claw marks on Jason face.
“Sorry.” Mac says, she licks her fingers very carefully wiping them over the scratches. “Better?” She says once it looks like there is no more cuts. 
“Yes. Now stop acting like my mother.” Jason says, Mac just sticks her tongue out at him.
“Are you going to see him again?” Katie asks.
“I don’t see why I wouldn’t, it was a fun date.” Mac says.
“Does Mac have a boyfriend?” Trent says, running up and swinging Mac around. “My baby has grown up.” 
“You do know why you are calling me your baby your hand is on my boob, right?” Mac says, pushing his hand away.
“Whoops.” Trent says, giving Mac a smirk.
“Whoops my ass.” Mac says, giving a little kick his way. The rest of the table just laughing.


Chapter 18
Weeks went by and Mac was enjoying the attention she was getting from Brett. He would buy her random gift, such as a beautiful silver circle shaped necklace with a black stone in the middle. She was surprised that he would pick this out; he wasn’t able to touch it because of it being silver. But when she asks, he just said he was never able to buy silver for one of his girlfriends before because they were always shifters also how it was his friend that sold it to him for a great deal. He didn’t notice Mac flinch when he mentioned girlfriend. War had still yet to warm up to him and Vamp wasn’t in love with him either. But Mac liked the way he treated her and he was a good looking guy. She knew that if he didn’t spoil her that she wouldn’t be with him, but she was enjoying the feeling of somebody caring for her this way.
Mac we need your help. Jason mind links bringing Mac out of thought, she was day dreaming during gym. He stayed home today to watch over the house. She runs out of class to the parking lot, jumping on her bike, heading to her land, her helmet drops on the pavement next to the school.
What is the matter? 
There are a few rogues spotted, four guys and three girls. One is my mate, and I’m trying to protect her. But Gage’s group is here and thankfully there is only three, but they are trying to kill them all. The rogues don’t care about me because I’m not attacking them, but Gage’s pack keeps trying to go around me, trying to get to the girls.
Where?
The border of ours and Gage’s land.
I’m on my way. She speeds the whole way, taking a short cut to the border. It only takes her ten minutes to get to the borderline of the forest. She drops the bike shifting into her wolf, running full force to Jason. Her cast tares to pieces, fortunately the bone was almost fully grown back. It hurt too put a lot of weight on it but she was in a hurry, Jason being in trouble distracted her from the pain. She sees at a distance a bunch of wolves attacking each other. Jason is off to the side protecting the three girls. None of them being able to change because of them being shifters. What she knows as Collin, is the one trying to get past Jason. What she can see in the middle is Gage’s wolf attacking a smaller tannish brown one. War taking most of the control, she picks up her speed, and she feels the need to protect the Gage. The tannish brown one jumps on top of Gage taking a piece of his shoulder. She picks up her speed lunging for the tannish brown one. She grabs him by his fur swinging him into a tree. He drops to the ground with a thud but she knows he is still alive. Gage drops to the ground in a slump, blood covering the forest floor. She wants to stay with him but she wants to protect him as well. She goes up to the gray wolf on the side not hesitating to rip its throat out. It wasn’t the first time she has killed, and she knew it wasn’t going to be the last. She sees two wolves attacking one of Gage’s pack members; she jumps over him, taking a wolf down with her, Gage’s pack member taking the other by the throat. She looks over to see Collin still fighting Jason.
 Mac jumps in the middle sending a growl towards Collin. He growls back, but Jason changes from behind Mac. 
“Leave.” Jason says. Collin changes as well. Mac is glad that she is tall enough to reach Collin shoulder, not seeing the lower part of his body.
“They’re rogues.” Collin says, stepping forward earning a growl from Mac. Mac looks over to see that the pack member, that is able to stand, helping Gage out.
“She is my mate, so leave.” Jason says. 
“Fine, but if they do anything out of line, they’re as good as dead.” Collin says. “Who the hell is this?” Collin gestures towards Mac.
“Don’t mind War.” Jason says.
“You don’t have a guy named War in your pack.” Collin says.
“We do, now back off. Your pack member needs help anyways.” Jason says, pointing to the Gage, but not remembering it is him. Mac looks over worried, she hears a whine from him. She growls surprising everybody around her. “Take good care of him, War over here won’t be happy if he is dead.” Jason says. Collin doesn’t say anything just helps put Gage over the other members back. “What was that about?” Jason asks once the guys are gone. War just drops her head. “War give me Mac back, please.” Jason says, petting her head. 
Clothes. Mac mind links.
“Do you guys have any spare clothes?” Jason asks the girls.
“I don’t think he will fit.” The girl says, she has long brown hair with dyed red and blues covering the top.
“Trust me they will babe.” Jason says, placing a kiss on her cheek. Mac barks in a happy tune. “Yes Mac she is my mate.” Mac walks up licking the girl’s hand. “She likes you.” Jason says to the girl.
“She?” The girl says.
“It is a long story, but I think it is best if she gets clothes.” Jason says.
And I wouldn’t mind it if you were covered as well. Mac mind links. Jason goes pink in the cheeks standing behind his mate to cover himself. 
“Here,” the girl says throwing clothes toward Mac, she grabs it by her mouth running over to the tree. “Here are some pants, babe.” The girl says handing Jason some shorts. 
“So I do believe we haven’t been completely introduced.” Mac says walking out from the tree with clothes on. The girl growls towards Mac. “Relax, consider me more of Jason’s sister.” Jason nods in agreement. 
“Sorry, it is just, look at you.” The girl says gesturing towards Mac. 
“Thanks.” Mac says. “So names?” There are three girls and they all look pleasant enough.
“I’m Maddy, this is Sydney, and the last over there is my twin Jen.” Maddy says.
“Maddy I love that name.” Jason says, placing a kiss on her cheek. Mac smiles, happy he has finally found his mate. She hears a grunt from the side where the tannish brown wolf was lying. 
“Jason, take them back to the house and give them their rooms. Give them the run down as well.” Mac says, standing in front of them in a protective stance.
“I’ll stay.” Jason says.
“No you won’t.” Mac says. “Leave now.” She uses her Alpha tone, he has no choice but to leave. She walks over slowly to the tannish brown wolf. It has a cut on its side but the rest of it fine. “Change.” She says in Alpha tone so it has to obey. It doesn’t matter if he is in her pack or not, the fact she is an Alpha gives her power over others.
He changes into a black haired boy with brown eyes, his cut isn’t deep and has already started to heal. “I was just passing through, please don’t kill me.” The guy says. 
“Where were you headed?” Mac asks, he has muscles on him, and by the way he took down the black wolf was a trained fighter.
“I don’t know, the grey wolf was leading us.” The guy says.
“You don’t read as a threat.” Mac says.
“Um thanks?” The guy says.
“Why don’t you go to school?” Mac asks.
“I’m twenty five, don’t have to. The girls are all nineteen so they don’t have to either.” The guy says.
“Reason you left your pack?” Mac asks.
“I was born a rogue, my parents died when I was fourteen.” The guy says. “Why are you asking me all these questions?” 
“You seem like a good fighter and you don’t seem like a threat. I was going to ask you if you wanted to join my pack?” Mac asks. Her wolf didn’t kill him for a reason and she knew it was because War wanted him in the group.
“Really?” The guy says.
“First of all you already know I’m a werewolf, so I would prefer if the only people that new that were in my pack. Second you seem lost. My wolf wants to help with that.” Mac says. 
“Sure.” The guy says. 
“Good, now what is the real reason you don’t have a pack?”  Mac asks. 
“How did you know I was lying?” The guy asks. 
“I’m able to read you pretty well, don’t worry my pack will teach you. It helps with fighting.” Mac says.
“Wait, are you the Nexus pack?” The guy asks.
“It is a new name, how do you already know it?” Mac asks. It was picked a couple weeks ago by her group and the Council just got the paperwork for it.
“Everybody has, you guys have been beating rogues for the last year. Word has it your group is growing.” The guy says.
“It is true, our group is growing. I just didn’t know people had heard of us. So back to the question why did you really leave your group?” Mac asks.
“I’m gay.” The guy says.
“So?” Mac asks, she takes a seat next him.
“Gay wolves are frowned upon.” The guy says.
“Oh, ya I’ve only been in the wolf world for over a year so I’m still learning.” Mac says. “So that’s why you were kicked out?” 
“Pretty much yep.” The guy says.
“I don’t care that you’re gay, so if you want you can join our pack.” Mac says.
“Really?” The guy says.
“Trust issues?” Mac says.
“When your own father kicks you out of your house after he finds out your gay, you’re bound to have issues.” The guy says.
“True, how long ago was it?” Mac asks.
“When I was nineteen, my mom did die when I was fourteen and she was the only one that cared for me. She knew and accepted me for it. When she died my dad just became mean, then he caught me with a human guy in bed and well here I am.” The guy says.
“Are you sure it wasn’t because he was human?” Mac asks, receiving a glare from him. “Just joking, but you are more than welcome to join. But you do have to keep in on the down low that I’m a werewolf. It would just cause too many problems.” Mac says.
“Thanks, I will keep it quiet, and I would love to join your pack. But can you keep my secret quiet?” The guy says.
“Honestly my pack won’t care, Trent and Ethan might make some jokes but overall they make jokes about everything. But I will let you tell them at your own time.” Mac says, standing up dusting herself off.
“Blake.” Blake says, raising his hand in the air.
“Welcome to the pack Blake, now let’s get you some shorts.” Mac says, walking off towards her bike, she keeps a set of boy shorts under the seat. Just in case she needs them or somebody else in the group does. 
“Thanks.” Blake says following her.

It was later that night when she felt Vamp stirring. Allen was staring at Sydney and Jen was staring at John. 
“Oh for the love of god stop staring.” Mac says. “You guys are mates, now stop staring.” She throws her dish in the sink.
“I can’t believe I finally met her.” Allen says, placing a kiss on Sydney cheek, she seems happy and Jen and John do as well. 
“Move your rooms to the mated side of the house.” Mac says, telling John and Allen. Trent and Katie had it for themselves but now John, Jason, and Allen will be joining them. Mac thought it was a good idea to have the couples together making it easier to do couples things. 
“Sure.” Allen and John say.
“Go grab your stuff,” The boys tell the girls. They leave the room excited to move in with their mates.
“I’m going out, Vamp is feeling antsy and needs to hunt. See you all in the morning.” Mac says once the girls leave. It is only her original pack at the table right now, and she wasn’t ready to tell the new people all about herself.
“Wait, where is the cast?” Jason asks.
“The bones are almost fully healed and now I can move it so I don’t need it.” Mac says, moving her wrist around so they can see.
“Creepy.” Trent says, Katie nodding her head in agreement.
“Thanks, now I’m off to hunt.” Mac says, walking towards the door.
“Have fun, don’t kill too many deer.” Jason says. The others waving bye as well.

Gage was lying in his room, his shoulder still torn up from the guys bite marks. The doctor said he would make it through but it would take a couple of days to fully heal. He was pissed at himself, how could he have not seen the wolf jump on him. He was distracted, he smelled pears and they smelled delicious, but they were coming from the giant black wolf. He remembers it to this day when he met the wolf before. It was over a year ago and he was heading back home when he ran into the wolf. It was in a hurry and seemed frighten. It was fast, faster than any other wolf he ever met. He followed him for hours, his inner wolf telling him it was important to catch the guy, but not to harm him.  It had liquid blue eyes and it was the same size as him if not bigger. He chased it for hours but losing it when he thought a short cut would work. Yet here it was today, saving his life. It seemed healthier to, since the last time. He dozes off thinking of the giant black wolf. 
“Wakey, wakey.” He hears from the other side of the bed, and hand running across his stitches. He jumps a bit when he sees it is the vampire he dealt with months ago.
“What are you doing here?” Gage says, he tries to sit up grunting from the pain.
“Don’t do that, we wouldn’t want those stitches to open up now would we?” Vamp says. “I saw that you got hurt so I’m here to help.” She runs her hand down his chest again. 
“How did you see it you weren’t there?” Gage says, he was enjoying the tracing of his chest scars. 
“Not important.” Vamp says. “What is important is if you want to be healed?” 
“Yes but how can you help?” Gage says, he manages to sit up with his back resting against the head board.
“Sweety, I’m a vampire. We have our ways.” Vamp says, she swings her leg over so now she is straddling him. Even though he is injured he can feel his little friend stand at attention from this. “Where is your supposed mate tonight?” Vamp says, she starts to undo the bandage from his shoulder. The wolf from earlier runs through his mind, but he shakes it off.
“I wanted quiet, so she is staying in her room tonight.” Gage says.
“Good, we don’t want any disturbances now do we?” Vamp says.
“No, I guess we don’t. How are you here?” Gage asks. He sucks in a breath when he feels Vamps tongue dart out licking the side of his shoulder bite.
“The window, you left it open.” Vamp says, “Almost like you wanted me to come.” She licks the spot again. The taste of his blood is like heaven, she wants more. But she knows War would be pissed at her if she took too much. He grabs her hips a little hard, keeping control of himself. She licks again, seeing that part of the wound is already healing.
“Stop, wait.” Gage says, pushing her off her lap. “This will kill you.” 
“Aww does little Gage care about me?” Vamp says, a picture of Mac runs through his head. He shrugs it off. “Relax, I won’t die from this and because of my handy work you won’t die from that.” Vamp says, straddling him again. She can feel his erection against her thigh but doesn’t care that much, she wants blood. She goes back to her spot licking it again, her fangs scraping against it but she knows not to bite down. “I wish I got here sooner, the fresh blood would have been nice.” Vamp says, licking the wound for the last time, healing it completely. 
“How are we not dead yet?” Gage says, his hold on her waist strong. 
“I told you I don’t believe I can die.” Vamp says and again Mac’s face runs through his mind. “Now lie down so I can heal these scratches.” Gage follows her orders, lying down with her still straddling him. He takes a big gulp enough that Vamp hears. “Do I make you nervous?” Vamp says, sliding down his body so she can reach his chest easier. 
“Nervous is an understatement. I want to flip you over and have my way with you right here.” Gage says, her sliding down on him only made him harder. 
“I want to say yes, but you aren’t mine to have.” Vamp says, licking up and down his scars. She pulls the stitches out once it has healed.
“Who owns me?” Gage says he stares up at the ceiling. Knowing if he looks down he would lose all control.
“I told you last time that I can’t tell you.” Vamp says, licking his last stitch. “Now aren’t you looking better?” Vamp says sitting up. “I hope this makes her happy.” Vamp says, looking down to see no scars left on his body. 
“How?” Gage says.
“As my friends put it, magical spit.” Vamp says. He sits up leaning against the headboard, holding her to him not letting her go.
“How can I thank you?” Gage says.
“You don’t have.” Vamp says, trying to lift herself up, but Gage’s hold was strong.
“Take my blood.” Gage says, stopping Vamp in her tracks. She wanted his blood, fresh. She can hear the pulse beating and it is taking all of her control to not bite him. But War would be mad if she did. But he is offering so it should be fine, right? Vamp thinks to herself.
“No,” Vamp says.
“Why not, my blood doesn’t kill you, and you enjoy it. I know you won’t suck me dry because if you could you would of already.” Gage says, pulling her closer. She wasn’t putting up much of a fight. She tasted his dry blood and it was wonderful. Now he is offering fresh blood she could barely control herself. 
“I shouldn’t.” Vamp says, her fangs sliding against his neck. He places his hand against her back, making it so all of her was touching him. 
“Let me thank you.” Gage says, Vamp doesn’t hesitate letting her fangs slide into his neck. The blood oozing out onto her tongue, she moans tasting heaven. Gage groans, placing his hands on her butt giving it a squeeze. It was a pinch at first, but then it felt good. He could feel his canines coming out. He wanted to mark her, make her his. But he shouldn’t, she might not be able to die but he could. 
She stops sucking licking up the wound, leaving no scars. “No take more.” Gage says, pulling her close again.
“Sweety if I do that, I will dry you out.” Vamp says, pushing herself away.
“Tell me your name.” Gage says, running his hands up and down her sides, a part of him still had his mind on Mac. But his body wanted what was in front of him.
“Vamp” Vamp said. “Now let me go.”
“Please, it feels so good.” Gage says. Nuzzling his face into her neck, she smelt just as good as last time. 
“I know it feels good, but you lost a lot of blood and I want you alive so I can have some blood for later.” Vamps says.
“Just one more bit.” Gage says, nipping at Vamps neck.
“Fine, but don’t complain to me if you’re sleeping all of tomorrow.” Vamp says, sliding her fangs into his neck again. He groans feeling the pleasure of her against him, and the pleasant feeling of being bitten. 
“You masturbating or something.” Collin shouts throwing the door open. Vamp jumps off of Gage, not being able to heal his wound, but it was only two pricks he would be fine. “Holey shit.” Collin says, staring at Vamp. “Vampire.” 
Vamp doesn’t hesitate jumping out the window. 
“Vampire.” Collin says, now staring at the window. “What?” 
“You can’t tell anybody, especially Sandy.” Gage says, standing up. 
“You’re healed.” Collin says, looking over to find no scars.
“Yes, she did that.” Gage says, he walks up to the mirror seeing the pricks of her fangs left over.
“How are you alive, who was that, explain?” Collin says.
“I don’t know how I’m still alive, or how she is alive either. Her name is Vamp and I don’t know what else to explain.” Gage says.
“But she’s a vampire.” Collin says.
“I didn’t notice.” Gage says, walking back to his bed. He was feeling the exhaustions from blood lost.
“What are you going to do?” Collin says.
“I’m not going to tell anybody.” Gage says, lying down on his bed. “And neither are you.” 
“Are you dying?” Collin whispers next to Gage.
“No, I’m just tired.” Gage says, he yawns and dozes off. Collin goes to the window looking to see if Vamp will return.
Chapter 19

 “How are you feeling this morning?” Ethan asks, looking at Mac’s smiling face.
“Honestly I have never felt better; whatever Vamp was snacking on was amazing. I still have the taste in my mouth.” Mac licks her lips remember the flavor. She goes to grab the chair snapping it in half. “What the hell?” Mac says looking down at the now broken chair.
“I thought you said you could control you strength?” Ethan says.
“I normally can, but right now I feel stronger than usual.” She goes up barely touching the other chair, it snaps as well. “For some reason I’m stronger than usual.”
“Maybe it is what you ate.” Ethan says, looking at the broken chair. “You did say you feel great.” 
“Yes but I don’t know what I ate.” Mac says, keeping her hands crossed so she doesn’t break anything else.
“I thought you could smell and see blurs.” Ethan says.
“Last night I don’t remember anything. Vamp was running in the forest, then I remember a big thing that looked like a house. Next thing I know War is fighting for dominance and I get shoved in the back with no vision.” Mac says. “Good thing I’m not hungry otherwise eating would be hard.” She was thinking about how she wouldn’t be able to hold anything, even something as simple as a spoon.
“Maybe you ate a human.” Ethan says, looking at Mac with big eyes.
“Vamp would never.” Mac says, but she wasn’t sure herself. “Let’s just get to school, your driving today.” 
They reach school, Mac needing help getting out of the car. 
“So what are you going to do, you can’t touch anything.” Ethan says. 
“Have you as my personal lap dog.” Mac says.
“Rude, but on the count you can’t touch anything without breaking it. I fear you at the moment. So sure.” Ethan says, opening the door to the school. “Where’s your locker?” Mac points to her locker, waving at Collin and Chloe on the way. “What are you going to do while you’re in class, we only have two together.” Ethan says opening the locker.
“Shit, maybe I should just go home.” Mac says.
“We both know if you miss that much more you will be in trouble with the school.” Ethan says. 
“You’re sitting with me today.” Gage says, coming up pulling Mac close to him. 
“Problem solved, here she can’t do much so write for her and carry her books.” Ethan says, dropping the books in Gage’s hands, walking off towards his class.
“You are a useless lap dog.” Mac says, towards Ethan’s retreating figure. Gage grabs Mac’s arm walking her towards class. “Why am I sitting with you today?” Mac asks.
“Because Brody is back.” Gage says, his grip on Mac tightening from stress and worry. Mac didn’t really see Brody as a problem, mostly because today if she just flicks him he would be sent through a wall. 
“Thanks.” Mac says, crossing her arms from touching anything. He walks in front of her, glad to see that there is no Brody in site. 
“Come on.” Gage says. They walk to the back, Mac doesn’t sit down right away trying to figure out a way not to break the chair. Collin grabs the seat to the right of her, lounging down. “If he tries anything tell either of us.” Gage says taking his seat.  
“We are in a class filled with people, I doubt he will try anything.” Mac says, her arms are still crossed. She hovers over her seat for a second, she sits down and nothing happens. She is relieved, she places her leg out in front of her accidently hitting the leg of the table. The leg swings out and the desk tips forward, she braces her fall but the desk is destroyed. 
“What happened?” Collin asks, jumping up in his seat.
“I don’t know.” Mac shouts back. She gets up, looking around the class room, the rest of class has entered the class room and was now staring at her. 
“Are you okay?” Brody says, coming up to her. Mac steps back, Gage stepping in front of her. His face is still bruised from Gage’s last encounter with him. 
“She is standing isn’t she.” Gage says. 
“I’m the teacher I’m supposed to make sure my students are fine.” Brody says getting in Gage’s face.
“I’m fine.” Mac says.
“That’s good.” Brody says catching her eye. “It looks like that was the only desk left for you to sit at. Why don’t you sit up in my chair for today?” Brody comes over taking her arm. Gage growls shoving Brody away. 
“She will sit with me.” Gage says, he takes a seat, pulling Mac with him. Mac just sits, tensed, she is waiting for something to break. But nothing does. 
“I don’t think I will allow that.” Brody says, pulling Mac away from Gage’s lap. Mac just keeps her arms crossed, not wanting to break anything. 
“Oh but you will.” Collin says, placing his hand on Brody’s arm. Gage told him about that day and what happened with Mac and Brody, he was just as disgusted as Gage was about the situation.
Brody looks between Gage and Collin getting nervous. “Fine. Let me get on with the lesson.” Brody says, dropping Mac’s arm. Gage doesn’t hesitate pulling her into his lap again.
“Are you okay?” Gage whispers into her ear. Mac wasn’t really focusing, she just didn’t want to break the desk. 
“What, oh ya I’m fine. Thanks” She keeps her arms crossed not touching the desk or moving her feet. 
“You can relax, I’m not that disgusting.” Gage says. Mac uncrosses her about to place them on the desk when she rethinks the situation. 
“I’m good.” Mac says, crossing her arms again. 
“You don’t have the cast anymore?” Gage asks, looking down at her arm.
“Yep the bones are mostly healed so I didn’t need it anymore.” Mac says, she sees a piece of paper fly through the air, landing on her crossed arms. She opens it.
Tell me when Gage gets a boner.
Love,
Collin. 
Mac starts to laugh. 
“What is so funny,” Gage says trying to read the note. She crumples it up, it becomes a perfect small ball. She wiggles a bit, feeling something poking her butt, she looks over at Collin giving him a head nod. He breaks out laughing.
“Nothing.” Mac says, laughing along with Collin.
“Mac tell me,” Gage says, poking at her side. He was loving the feeling of her in his lap, it wasn’t the same as when Sandy did it and he didn’t understand that if he had a mate how could he enjoy this. Or enjoy Vamp from last night. He can feel himself getting harder from the thought of last night.
“Gage, what are you thinking about?” Mac says, turning around sideways in his lap, her feet dangling off to the side.
“Probably the vampire from last night.” Collin says, earning a glare from Gage. Mac looks at Collin for a second before she grabs Gage’s chin, lifting his head up a bit. She is surprised it wasn’t torn off by her strength but he seem fine just uncomfortable.
She looks down at his neck, two small pricks at the base of his neck. She did that was all she could think.
“You.” Mac says, he was where Vamp went and she drank from him. That’s why I’m super strong, Mac thought. 
“I told you not to tell anyone.” Gage says to Collin. 
“Ya but this is Mac, she isn’t Sandy. Plus she knows what happened last time so she deserves to be kept up to date.” Collin says. 
“How much blood did she take?” Mac asks, running her finger over the holes. She feels a zap run through her finger, she brings it back into her lap, just staring at the marks now. 
“I don’t know, Vamp was hesitant about drinking from me.” Gage says, he liked the way her fingers felt on the cut. He was thinking that maybe he did really miss having a little sister.
“Vamp, she told you her name?” Mac says, she has her hands in her lap but was still staring at him.
“Am I disturbing your conversation?” Brody says from the front of the room.
“Yes now shut up.” Mac says, yelling it loud enough the class room next to them could hear. It took Gage by surprise. “What else happened?” Mac says. She was nervous, maybe Gage could put to and to together and then her secret would be out.
“They were practically going at it.” Collin says, Mac giving him a confused look.
“No we weren’t, she was healing my wounds.” Gage says.
“You were the wolf that got hurt at the rogue attack.” Mac states. 
“How do you know about that?” Gage asks.
“Jason told me about it all.” Mac rushes out.
“You don’t talk to me that way.” Brody shouts. “Everybody but Mac leave the room.” The class doesn’t hesitate to leave, excited class was out early. “That includes you two as well.” Brody says referring to Collin and Gage. 
“Like hell we are.” They both say.
“Leave now or I will flunk you both out of school.” Brody says.
“Just leave I will be fine.” Mac says, she stands up giving room for Gage to leave. His face drops before become more determined.
“No you won’t be fine. Collin you can go, I’m fine here.” Gage says, still staring at Mac. 
“I will be right outside the door.” Collin says leaving the room. Brody follows him, locking the door.
“I’m tired of you two always disrespecting me.” Brody says, going to his desk. 
“I’m tired of you always being an ass.” Mac says, she uncrosses her arm ready for a fight. 
“You aren’t going to fight me, I’m a werewolf and you aren’t. Odds are in my favor.” Brody says, stepping behind a desk. He has a gun in his hand. 
“Wolfs bane.” Mac says, looking at the gun.
“How did you know there is wolfs bane darts in here?” Brody asks. “Oh I forgot about who you have encountered before, which is also why you think you can fight me. I wasn’t given much information on you.” Brody says. “But enough.” He shoves the magazine in. Mac can here Gage gulp next to her. She knew it is lethal if Gage gets two darts in him, but not for her.
“It’s a long story, now let Gage leave.” Mac says.
“I’m not leaving you.” Gage says, stepping in front of her.
“If you don’t you can die.” Mac says.
“I will be fine.” Gage says.
“Look at the two little love birds going at it.” Brody says. “To bad I have orders.” Brody raises the gun shooting it off. Mac can see it clearly, she uses her powers sending it off on a curve. Mac can here Gage’s heart start to beat faster. 
“Get out of here.” Mac says. 
“No.” Gage says, he pushes Mac to the ground, making sure she is out of the way of the darts, running in the direction of Brody. Mac doesn’t get up concentrating on making sure the darts don’t hit Gage. She lets Vamp take complete control, knowing that she is better at her power. Two more darts are fired off, they curve missing Gage again, but just barely. Gage lunges changing into his wolf half way through, tackling Brody to the ground, the gun sprawled out to the corner. There is a banging, it’s Collin trying to break the door down. Gage sends scratch marks down Brody’s chest. They are deep but not enough to kill. The door slams open Collin, Chloe, and the rest of Mac’s group coming inside. Gage was to distracted that he didn’t see the punch Brody sent to his face. He stumbles back a bit getting off of Brody. Brody jumps up running towards the window, the glass shatters around him but he doesn’t stop. Just runs deep in the forest. 
“Mac.” Jason says, running up to her. “Where did the blood come from?” Jason asks, looking at the blood covering the floor. “Your eyes, switch back.” He whispers to her. Meaning she was still in full vampire mode.
“Blood, what blood.” Gage says, he has changed back, running over to Mac. He crouches down next to her. She closes her eyes, just in time for him not to see. She reopens them so they are back to brown. Mac looks around seeing that there is blood everywhere, her sleeve soaked in it.
“Guess I scratched my arm against the desk.” Mac says, looking at the broken desk. She looks over at Gage, her eyes go huge. He is hot, like she wants to grab him and take him right there, not caring that anybody else is in the room. She looks a little south, she isn’t surprised that she could feel him earlier, he is huge.  
“Mac.” She hears in the background. She just keeps staring at Gage. His abs well defend, in this light a little sweat trickling down them. “Mac.” Somebody shouts. 
“What?” Mac says, looking over at Jason. She sees Trent in the background laughing, guess somebody caught her staring.
“Are you okay?” Gage says, looking down at her arm. She knows it is almost healed and if he was to see it there would be a lot of questions asked.
“Fine, I mean it hurts.” Mac says, cradling her arm chest. 
“Do you need to go to the nurse?” Collin asks.
“No my pack can take care of it.” Mac says, she is now staring at Jason making sure she doesn’t look at Gage again. She hears a growl from a jealous Maddy, but she doesn’t care. She just wants to keep her dignity.
“Mac, shit I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to.” Gage says, Mac turns around to look at his face.
“It wasn’t your fault. I should be thanking you.” Mac says. It meant a lot to her that he stayed for her, even when his life was at risk.
“No I was the one that pushed you.” Gage says. “It’s my fault you’re hurt.” 
“I would have been in a worse situation if it wasn’t for you.” Mac says, even though she knows it isn’t true.
“I hate that guy, he disgust me.” Gage says standing up. “Collin come on lets go find him.” Giving Mac a great view of him, his muscles tense ready to fight again, she feels a nudge on her leg. She looks to see Jason giving her a look.
“No, it’s fine, Brody will stay away. I think we should all just go home.” Mac says, not wanting them to go off and probably get hurt.
“No, he needs to pay for what he did to you.” Collin says. 
“We will go with them.” John and Trent step up.
“Fine, but if you don’t find him by dinner you all give up.” Mac says gesturing to Gage and Collin. “Call me if anything big happens.” She says gesturing to Trent and John this time.
“Sure.” Gage says. Trent and John nod. They jump through the shatter window following the scent of Brody.
“What was that?” Katie asks.
“What?” Mac says getting on her feet, she undoes her plaid long sleeve throwing it in the trash. She had a tank top on underneath anyways. She looks over at her arm, not surprise it has healed.
“The staring and the zoning out, not to mention you practically drooling over Gage.” Katie says.
“I think it is sweet, he saved her life and now she wants to jump him.” Susie says. 
“Oh just shut up.” Mac says, she looks out the window seeing the guys run into the forest. “He said he was ordered.” 
“To be hot, well he did follow that to the bone.” Susie says.
“I meant Brody, he was ordered, but by who?” Mac says. 
“Zane, Derrick, hunters.” Jason says. “We can’t really know unless they find him.” 
“True. Guess we will just add him to the list of fun people that want to kill me.” Mac says, “Although I doubt it was Derrick, he doesn’t even know if I’m still alive.” 
“He will once you kill him.” Ethan says, getting a chuckle from the room.
“Let’s just go home.” 

Trent and John showed up a little past seven with the others. 
“Allen room now.” Mac says, seeing the guys through the window. 
“Oh shit.” Allen says.
“No time, just go into the closet.” Jason says, shoving Allen into the cabinet.
“We lost him; he jumped into a car or something.” John says coming in through the door. 
“It’s fine, we will find him one day.” Mac says, Collin and Gage both look out of place standing near the door way. “Won’t you come in?” Mac says.
“So this is your place?” Collin says. “I mean I’ve seen the outside, but the inside is just as nice.” Collin says grabbing a seat.
“Do make yourselves at home.” Jason says. He brings Maddy closer, he doesn’t like having Collin around her.
“Sorry.” Collin says, noticing this action.
“About?” Mac asks.
“Well trying to attack Jason’s mate, I just didn’t know and now that she is your Alpha Female I feel doubly bad.” Collin says.
“I’m not there alpha female.” Maddy says, getting a shushing tone from Jason.
“What she means is she isn’t Alpha female yet.” Jason says. “Actually babe can you go get Chloe for Collin, she’s in the basement.” He smacks her ass why she leaves, receiving a giggle from her. “We forgive you, got to protect your territory.” Jason says.
“Thanks.” Collin says. It is only Jason, John, Trent, Collin, Gage, and Mac in the room, excluding Allen who is stuck in the cabinet. All of them just staring at each other.
“How’s your arm?” Gage asks, breaking the silence. He can’t see it because of Mac wearing one of her big hoodies.
“It is better thanks.” Mac says. 
“Sorry about that again,” Gage says.
“Again it wasn’t your fault.” Mac says, they both continue to just stare at each other.
“Now that Brody is gone I don’t have to protect you anymore, so I was thinking.” Gage says.
“Oh this can’t be good.” Mac says loud enough that everybody can here.
“That we should go back to the old way, so prepare yourself for some fun.” Gage says. Chloe enters the room. “Come on guys I have some planning to do.” Gage leaves the house, leaving Mac with a sour look on her face. The others wave bye before following.
“Of course he hasn’t changed.” Mac says, thinking about all the stupid pranks he has planned. “Will you let Allen out?” Jason walks over opening the door. Allen falls to the floor catching himself. 
“That was interesting.” Allen says. Both Trent and John looking confused.
“Why was he in a cabinet?” John asks.
“Maybe because two people were stupid enough to bring his brother over without calling.” Mac says. Trent smacks John on the back of the head.
“Good going.” Trent says.
“It wasn’t just me.” John says, pushing Trent. They start wrestling on the floor.
“Why was that interesting?” Jason asks Allen, helping him off the floor. 
“Other than the fact that my brother was here, is that he cared.” Allen says.
“Cared, he hasn’t in the past?” Mac asks.
“No, Sandy could fall down the stairs and Gage might call the doctors. Might, being the key word. Yet for you he goes after the guy that didn’t even hurt you but just threaten you. So yes, interesting.” Allen says.
“The guy attacked him to.” Mac says, but it brings a smile to herself when she hears that Gage cares.


Chapter 20

 “How’s it going with Brett?” Susie asks, they are all at the cafeteria. It was the full moon tonight and all Mac could think about was the paper work due to her publisher. She decided a month ago that having more money in the pack would be a good idea so she started writing another book, this one about werewolves. 
“Um what?” Mac says, Vamp and War were both acting out like they always did on the full moon. 
“Brett?” Susie says a little louder this time.
“I guess he’s good, I haven’t really seen him this week. Busy you know.” Mac says, typing away on her lap top. 
“Do you love him yet?” Susie asks. The whole table looks at Mac wondering the same thing.
“No, I’ve known him for a month.” Mac says, she looks up from her computer. Knowing the conversation isn’t over.
“You can fall in love in a month.” Susie says.
“Ya but she can’t with Brett.” Jason says.
“Still hate the guy don’t you?” Mac asks.
“He’s an ass.” Jason says. 
“You barely know him.” Mac says.
“Ya, and you barely know him to.” Jason says. “Yet you’re sleeping with him.” 
“I do barely know him, which is why I’m not sleeping with him.” Mac says, getting embarrassed by the conversation. 
“But you’ve been going out for a month.” Trent says, amazed somebody could last that long. “Are you gay?” 
“By the way she looks at Gage I doubt she is gay.” Katie says.
“Shut up, and no I am not gay.” Mac says, glaring at Trent.
“Speaking of gay and Gage, you will never believe who is a bit confused.” Ethan says. The group looks at him. “No it isn’t me I said “and Gage”. I heard Gage talking about how he can’t stop thinking about a wolf he saw a couple weeks ago. He was talking to Collin asking him what it is like to find your mate. Collin described it and Gage seemed very confused. He says he felt like that when he saw this wolf. So apparently he might be swinging for the other team.” Ethan finishes.
“Really, Gage gay I can see it.” Jason says.
“He isn’t.” Mac says. 
“And you would know?” John asks.
“I would because he gets really happy when I’m around.” Mac says, thinking about all the erections he has gotten when she was near. She smiles at the memories.
“I still believe he is gay.” Ethan says.
“Who cares, it is Mac we are worried about being gay.” Trent says.
“I’m not gay.” Mac says.
“Then why isn’t Brett boy getting lucky?” Trent asks.
“It isn’t like I’m not attracted to him, it’s just.” Mac lets out a huff not believing she is going to tell them her sexual problems. “Every time we get close, War comes out and well tries to attack him.” The whole table burst out laughing.
“She really hates him, doesn’t she?” Ethan says. 
“Shut up.” Mac says. “Do you know how stressed I am, it is a full moon. I have to turn in five chapters of this stupid book and yes I am sexually frustrated because the last time I had sex was over a year ago, and it wasn’t really sex on my end. So when I say shut up I mean it.” Mac says hitting the table, she was able to control her strength again, glad that she didn’t break the table. She goes back to her story zoning the group out. She gets almost to the fifth chapter when something cold surrounds her. She is dripping wet, freezing cold water dumped on her from the ceiling. She looks up to see a buck tipped over a string at the edge of it. She follows the line to see Gage at the end. She looks at her computer and can tell that is damage beyond repair.
“Did I get you wet the right way this time?” Gage says, loud enough the whole cafeterias can hear him. She stands up storming over to him. He is leaning against the tabled amused by her being so angry. Once she gets closer he can feel the anger radiating off her, his amusement goes to fear.
“You.” Mac says, grabbing his shirt. She pushes him so he is horizontal on the table with her straddling him. She can feel tingles wherever they touch and his erection pressing against her thigh.
“Me.” Gage says amused.
“You ruined my lap top.” Mac says, getting close to his face. She gets lost in his eyes. She never notices the small flecks of silver surrounding the pupil.
“I don’t know what you are talking about.” Gage says, bringing Mac out of her retrieve.
“Cut the crap, the string is still in your hand. You will get me a new one, by tomorrow. I want the nicest laptop out there and you will get me it.” Mac stands up letting him go. She can feel her claws extracting from her hands. 
“What if I don’t?” Gage says standing up fixing his shirt. 
“I will make you get me one.” Mac says pushing her forearm in his chest, he falls to the floor. She goes with him, keeping her hold, tingles shooting up and down her arm. She hasn’t felt this before, but she knows what it is. War screaming out mate to her. She didn’t know how she hasn’t realized it before, probably because Vamp is always in control. Mac tips her head down, but maintains eye contact with Gage. He gets lost in her eyes, both of them just staring at each other. He is surprised, there black with a swirl of blue in the middle. He wasn’t use to her eyes like this, but they captivated him. 
She wants to kiss him, she wants to throw him on the table ripping his clothes off, biting into his neck, making him groan. But this moment isn’t the best. She finally understands why War hates Brett, he isn’t her mate. 
“What the hell?” Sandy screams. Both Gage and Mac look at her.
“Congrats, you aren’t gay and that bitch isn’t your mate.” Mac says, she stands up leaving the room.
Code black. Mac minds link to Jason.
“Great.” Jason says to himself, the table looking at him.
“Why did she leave?” Ethan asks.
“Because she lost control, John go warn Alpha Brett that there is a dangerous creature and if any of his pack see it that they should not be seen as a threat.” Jason says, John jumps up leaving the table in a hurry, he takes Jen with him. “I will worn Gage.” Jason turns around finding that Gage and his group are nowhere to be seen.
“Great, let’s hope they aren’t outside.” Trent says, looking around for them.
“I don’t know, it could be a good thing.” Justin says. 
“Shut up, you know Mac cares about them” Jason says, leaving for the parking lot.
“Don’t you think they are in class?” Justin asks.
“I saw them walk this way, Sandy and Gage were fighting, Collin and Chloe following.” Katie says.
They walk a ways, following the voices ahead of them.
“Why do you hang out with her so much?” Sandy screeches at Gage.
“I don’t hang out with her.” Gage says back.
“Sure you don’t.” Collin says under his breath.
“See even your friend agree with me.” Sandy says.
“Ya, cause I don’t have a name.” Collin says.
Jason and the group follow the voices into the forest. “Why aren’t they going to their cars?” Jason asks.
“Cause they want to be killed.” Trent says.
“Gage, are you even listening to me?” Sandy says over the group.
“No, I told you before you followed me that I want to go for a run.” Gage shouts back. 
“Do you think him in wolf form would help save his ass against Mac?” Trent asks.
“I don’t know, do you think him in wolf form wouldn’t attack Mac.” Jason says sarcastically. They were getting close, but Gage picked up his speed.
“We never spend time together anymore. Why? Oh I know because you are always with her and I’m your mate, you should be with me.” Sandy says.
“Actually as Mac put it a bitch like you isn’t his mate.” Collin says earning a death glare from Sandy.
“I just want to be alone right now.” Gage shouts.
“No, we need to talk.” Sandy says grabbing hold of Gage and turning him around. A growl comes from in front of them.
“Do you think that’s…” Ethan says.
“Mac.” Jason says cutting Ethan off. He can see her dark wolf, her fangs sliding down past her muzzle, her eyes pure black with blue in the middle. She is growling at Gage and Sandy. Collin stands in front of Chloe protecting her.
“Shit, that’s a big wolf.” Ethan says, they stop in their tracks. They weren’t sure at how safe it was to be around Mac.
“Don’t move.” Jason shouts to Gage and his group.
“What do we do?” Gage says, staring at wolf. He was scared in a way but wasn’t at the same time, it looked like a saber tooth wolf but bigger. Sandy grabs Gage from the side, Mac sending a louder growl there way.
“Step away from each other.”  Jason says to them. Gage and Sandy separate, but Collin refuses to move from in front of Chloe.
“Gage.” Sandy whines, but doesn’t move either.
“What?” Gage says, looking at the wolf.
“Don’t look it in the eyes.” Jason says again. Gage drops his head to the ground. Mac sends out a small growl. Sandy jumps holding onto Gage again. Mac sends out a growl that shakes the trees. “Run.” Jason says, running as well. Everybody starts to run, Mac following them nipping a bit at their heels. 
“My pack house is over here.” Gage says running to the left, the rest of the group following. They make it into the field behind his pack house, Mac stops at the forest line. They don’t notice but keep running until they are safe in the house. 
They run into the living room, most of them collapsing on the floor. 
“What was that?” Gage pants, looking out the window. He sees the wolf pacing back and forth almost like it was waiting for them
“Vampire, werewolf.” Trent says through his breaths.
“That isn’t possible.” Collin says he plots on the couch bringing Chloe next to him.
“You saw it in person and still don’t believe it is real.” Justin says, through breaths.
“Let’s hope John is fine.” Jason says, looking out the window. He sees that Mac was gone. 
“John is fine, you know it would never attack him.” Trent says, joining him at the window. 
“What about Mac?” Gage asks. “She stormed out of the school, she is a human. She isn’t fast enough to out run him.” 
“Oh and here you are, bringing up Mac again.” Sandy says.
“She’s in danger.” Gage shouts back. “We should go find her.” He starts to the door.
“If you go that thing will kill you.” Collin says, standing in front of Gage.
“She could die.” Gage says. Jason and the pack are just staring, enjoying the fight that is breaking out. They weren’t worried, by morning everything would be fine.
“Why do you care, I thought you hate her?” Sandy shouts. “I know I do.” Mac’s pack sends a growl towards her. 
“I don’t know, she’s innocent, she is also like my sister. She doesn’t deserve to die by being mauled to death.” Gage says. “Now either you get out of my way, or go with me, no other choice.” Collin steps aside ready to follow Gage. 
“Wait,” Jason says, stopping Gage. “Mac is safe, hell she is safer than the rest of us.” 
“What do you mean?” Gage asks, closing the door.
“Let’s just say Mac and the vampire wolf are very close.” Trent says, receiving a glare from his group. “Well they are.”
“Is he her mate?” Gage says, he gets pissed at this thought.
“Can humans have mates?” Collins asks.
“Why do you care if she is his mate?” Sandy asks.
“Shut up, will you get over Gage and Mac. That isn’t the issue right now.” Chloe says.
“No they aren’t mates, just close and humans can have mates, they are just rare.” Jason says. “Do you not pay attention in class?” 
“He is busy staring at Mac, and I’m busy texting Chloe, so no.” Collin says.
“I don’t stare at her.” Gage says.
“What the hell Gage.” Sandy says.
“Seriously, will you just leave?” Chloe says. Sandy glares at her for a while.
“Gage, are you going to let her speak to me that way.” Sandy says.
“Um, no I won’t.” Gage says. “Chloe bad.” Everybody in the room except Sandy and Gage starts to laugh.
“Real forceful there.” Ethan says.
“I don’t know how I’m supposed to stop her from talking.” Gage says.
“Let’s get down to business.” Jason says, stopping his laughter. “Sandy you should leave, because if Chloe doesn’t hit you I will soon. Second, Gage, have you told your whole pack to get into a house as soon as possible.” Gage gives him a nod, going quiet to tell his pack. “I’ve checked in with John and he says that Alpha Brett knows what to do. But he doesn’t really believe in the vampire wolf.” 
“He will learn if he steps outside.” Trent says.
“I thought it had a plan every full moon, how could this happen?” Susie asks. They know to call Mac and it or he to not give any hints on it actually being Mac. 
“It must have gotten angry.” Jason says, glaring at Gage.
“I didn’t do anything.” Gage says, taking a seat on the couch.
“So what do we do now?” Collin asks, sitting back down next to Chloe. 
“We wait for the full moon to end.” Jason says, getting comfortable with Maddy next to him. 
“You are staying here all night.” Sandy says in a disgusted voice. 
“What did I say about you leaving?” Jason says. 
“Look here, you’re on my land so shut up, or leave. I’m sure the vampire wolf would love you.” Sandy says, Jason’s group starts to laugh. 
“They aren’t leaving.” Gage says. 
“But baby they are being mean.” Sandy says, placing kisses on his cheek. He normally enjoyed the kisses but right now he just felt disgusted. He pushes her back a bit.
“They know more about the vampire wolf than us, so they are staying.” Gage says. Jason’s group send smirks towards Sandy. “Collin will show you to the guest rooms, sorry but you might have to share a few. There isn’t enough for all of you.” 
“It’s fine.” Jason says, “Thanks.” He shakes Gage’s hand on the way up.
“I still don’t like you.” Ethan says, passing Gage. “and I hate you.” He says towards Sandy.
“Gage.” Sandy whines. 
“Please not now Sandy.” Gage says, walking to his room. 

Chapter 21
It was early morning when Jason and the group decided to head home. They gave their thanks to Gage, but were quick on the way home. 
“Do you thinks she’s here?” Trent asks. They just reached the house, seeing Allen and Blake in the kitchen.
“She is, she is taking a shower. She isn’t looking to good.” Blake says. Jason runs up the stairs to her room, seeing little drops of blood on the floor. 
“Mac.” Jason shouts into the bathroom.
“Throw me a towel.” Mac says, inside the shower. It has a door stopping Jason from seeing her. He throws a towel over but Mac doesn’t stop the water, just throws the door open the towel covering her now. He looks down to see her hair dripping wet with water, at the bottom of the shower it was running red with blood. He looked at her, bite marks and many little holes where covering her body. He looked into her eyes, they were still pure black with blue in the middle. 
“What happened?” Jason asks, crouching down to her level. 
“I don’t remember much, I know I fought off some rogues that attacked, they bite me, sending War in a frenzy from the extra werewolf juice.” Mac says.
“Juice?” Jason asks.
“What else would you call it?” Mac says. “Anyways, I might have killed them, and then I remember a cave. It was filled with a vampire coven. Long story short I have new powers and they are all dead.”
“New powers?” Jason asks.
“Yes I’m not in control of them yet, and more just keep showing up at random times. So far I have; fire, freezing, identical memory, I can control water, and there are some more but I can’t remember them. I must have been bitten by twenty vampires. I think it’s best if I don’t go to school this week.” Mac says.
“You can’t miss another week.” Jason says.
“Yes I can.” Mac says. Her body heating up from anger.
“Shit.” Jason says. “Your whole body just went on fire.” The towel was smoldering. 
“I told you I can’t control it.” Mac says. 
“So no school, why are you in a shower?” Jason asks.
“Mostly because of the fire thing, also the teeth holes from being bitten by vampires haven’t stopped bleeding. It isn’t much blood but enough that I don’t want to have to clean my sheets.” Mac says.
“Guess that makes since.” Jason says. 
“Now leave.” Mac says, Jason stands up closing the door. “Wait, can you deliver my food to me this week. I don’t want to accidently send something on fire.” 
“Sure.” Jason says leaving the room. 
“Is she okay?” Katie asks.
“I don’t know how much more awesome she can get, but she is okay.” Jason replies. He sees that John and Jen have come home. “Everything good at Alpha Brett’s pack?”
“Other than him being a giant ass, ya everything’s good.” John says.
“Why was he an ass this time?” Justin asks.
“He just wouldn’t put up with us being there, nor did he believe that Mac could kill his whole pack. Plus it is just the way he acts, like he is better than us.” John says, he wasn’t planning on going over to Alpha Brett’s pack again. 
“Ya I don’t like him either, but whatever makes Mac happy.” Jason says.
“So is she coming to school today?” Brad asks.
“No she is going to be gone for the week, she would prefer if nobody was to visit her. If anybody asks just tell them that she is sick.” Jason says, receiving nods from the table.
“Why does she get to ditch so much?” Trent whines.
“Because she is Alpha and has issues.” John replies, pushing Trent out the door. “Once you have her life you can ditch as much as you want.”

The week was going by fine, Mac was getting use to her powers. She found out she had the power to control another person if she looked them in the eye. Jason got to be the test puppet for that. It wasn’t until Friday that she had complete control of her new powers. Her new favorite being teleporting. 
“You coming to school today?” Jason asks, placing her breakfast down on the bed.
“Nope,” Mac says. Truth was she was going to see Brett, she was leaning on breaking up with him.
 “You know it has been annoying all week without you there.” Jason says.
“What do you mean?” Mac asks.
“You know those five idiots that are always attacking the rogues. Well they decided our pack would be better to annoy.“
“It isn’t like you can’t handle them.” Mac says.
“That isn’t the point.” Jason says. 
“I will help you next week, on Monday, with the idiots, but today try and last without getting in a fight.”
“I will try.” Jason says, leaving the room. 
“Be a good boy and I will see you later.” Mac says over her shoulder. 
She waits to hear her group leave before she pops over to Brett’s place. One of her other new powers was heat radar, she was able to tell were an animal or a person was what within a ten mile radius of herself. She was able to zone it in, placing a screening around her territory for extra protection, even if she was far away.
 She could tell that there was no bodies in the hall or around the place she wanted to land. She teleported herself there, looking around once she got there. Nobody in site. She walks into Brett’s room without bothering to knocked, a little surprised to see Brett and the girl that she broke her noise months ago going at it.
“Isn’t this awkward.” Mac says, she is a little angry but truth is she didn’t really care.
“Shit,” Jason says throwing the girl off of him. “This isn’t what it looks like.” He stands up grabbing the sheets to cover him.
“I haven’t had sex in a while but I’m pretty sure I still know what it looks like.” Mac says, she leans against his desk across from the bed. 
“That wasn’t it,” He turns to the girl. “Leave.” He says using his Alpha voice. She jumps up grabbing her shirt running out of the room.
“That’s no way to talk to your girlfriend.” Mac says.
“Look I know you’re mad, but she isn’t my girlfriend. I don’t know what happened. I haven’t seen you in a week and she was throwing herself at me. It seems like you haven’t given a crap about our relationship and I was just confused.” Brett says, he has come closer to Mac, running his hands up and down her arm. “Forgive me?” 
“Really, I don’t care. I’m not mad.” Mac says, Brett smiles a bit leaning in to kiss her. “But we are over.” Mac says pushing him back.
“I love you.” Brett says, Mac stops just staring at him.
“No you don’t.” Mac says. 
“Fine, I don’t. But why don’t you care?” Brett asks.
“I don’t know, I just don’t.” Mac says, not wanting to bring up that she has a mate.
“You know you’re such a bitch.” Brett says. “I spend a month spoiling you and caring for you. And what I get is no sex and you don’t even care.” 
“Don’t call me a bitch.” Mac says, getting angry at him. She hated when people called her that. She didn’t mind calling Sandy that, she deserved that, but most people didn’t. 
“Bitch, Bitch, Bitch.” Brett says, getting in her face. Mac sends a right hook into his cheek, it wasn’t that strong but enough to make him stumble. “Bitch.” Brett says again. He back hands Mac against the face. She doesn’t flinch, he sends another one with his other hand. She just stands there taking it.
“Try that again.” Mac says, pissed. He brings up his hand swinging it but Mac stops it half way, sending a kick to his stomach. He goes straight up hitting the ceiling falling to the ground.  Mac starts to leave the room.
“You can’t just leave it like this.” Brett says, flipping over so his back is against the floor. 


“You made a huge mistake hitting me. Your friends are dead, all of them. My pack will love destroying them.” Brett says. Mac leaves the room teleporting to school as soon as she is out of the door. She is surprised by what she sees when she reaches the soccer field. It was a huge crowd of people, she didn’t look before she teleported thinking that everybody would be at lunch. But here they are chanting “fight.” She makes her way over, people getting out of her way when they see her. 
She is surprised to find Jason staring down five other guys. He looked worried. 
“What is going on?” Mac says.
“We are about to teach your Alpha a little lesson.” One of the guys says. 
“Mac.” Jason says, looking relieved. 
“What happened?” Mac asks him.
“They were beating up a kid and I stop them. Then they said lets fight. We decided out here would be best.” Jason says. 
“Okay. Who was the kid?” Mac asks. Jason points to a guy sitting on the sidelines, he has a few bruises but is fine. 
“I asked him to join the pack.” Jason says. 
“That’s fine I don’t care. But I need to talk to you.” Mac says, she needs to tell him of Brett’s threat. “However right now I’m putting five hundred down on Jason.” Mac says, waving the money in the air. 
“You aren’t going to stop this?” Jason asks, he thought by her being here she would stop the fight. He was worried, five giants guys against him.
“Why would I do that?” Mac says. “Any one?” Mac says raising the money some more.
“I will take that bet.” Gage says, stepping in the middle of the circle. Mac gives a small smile, dropping her eyes to the ground. 
“Um okay.” Mac says.
“Scared you will lose against me.” Gage says. He goes up to her teasing her a bit.
“No, why would I.” Mac says, smacking herself in the face for being so nervous.
“Sure.” Gage says, smiling at her. Now that she knows they are mates she can’t help but wonder how she never noticed it before. She always did find him hot, and no matter how angry he made her. She didn’t care, just smiled at the end. But what she didn’t get was why he hasn’t realized they are mates. Is he stupid or something, she thought.
“Okay” Mac says. “We will stick to the common rules no eye gouging and no killing. Other than that have fun.” Mac steps out of middle, Gage standing next to her, he gives her a little nudge. Pink rising to her cheeks.
Relax, if it gets to bad I will step in. Mac mind links to Jason. A smile forming when he hears this. But I doubt I have to.
“Let the fight begin.” Gage shouts over the crowd. 
Jason jumps into a fighting stance waiting for one of them to throw the first fist. It was the guy in the middle, normally the leader of the group that lunged first. Jason steps to the right, sending a knee into the guys stomach. He can hear a swift movement, knowing it was somebody throwing a punch his way. He ducks, spinning with his leg out. It trips the guy up making him fall on the floor. Jason bends down punching him hard enough in the face to knock him out.
“Ones out.” Mac scrams over the crowd. Jason looks at her for a second, not seeing the punch sent to his cheek. He stumbles back a bit, but catches his balance.  He charges forward, sending a kick to the guys face. He staggers into his friend but stands up ready to lunge again. Fist are flying everywhere at Jason, a few connecting but most being dodged. Jason sends a kick out hitting a guy in the stomach. The guy steps back leaning on his knees trying to get the air back in his system. Jason brings his foot straight up, bringing the heel down on the back of the guy’s head.
“Two.” Mac says, as the guy drops to the floor. “Come on Jason. Finish them.” She was laughing a bit, watching these fight always brought enjoyment to her. The leader of the group sends another punch landing into Jason stomach, he keeps fighting trying to take breaths in. Mac taught them two months ago how to fight while trying to get your breath back. He was glad he learned it at this point. He punches the guy on his right, breaking his noise. He sends two more punches; one to the stomach bringing the guy’s head down, then he brings his fist up towards the guys chin.
“Three only two more.” Mac shouts, excited, Gage on the other hand not so happy. 
Jason steps forward kicking the leader in the stomach he stumbles back, leaving Jason and the other guy fighting. He kicks him, the guy blocks leaving his ribs open.  Jason sends a punch feeling the crunch of bone under his fist. 
“I can’t tell is that four?” Mac asks Gage. Jason smiling at her bragging. 
“It isn’t over yet.” Gage says through his teeth. 
The leader sends a kick to Jason, making him bend over in pain. Jason looks up at the guy, receiving a punch to the face. He falls to the floor, catching himself so it didn’t hurt. 
“Did you really think you could beat us?” The leader asks. Jason looks down at the guys feet.
“Actually yes.” Jason says, he kicks his foot out taking the leaders feet out from under him. He falls to the ground. Jason jumps up, placing his foot on the leader’s throat. “So I win, what does that mean. Oh yes you and your five idiots leave the school.” Jason says, pressing down on the guys throat a little more. The guy nods the best he can, pleased when Jason removes his foot.
“Hand over the money, honey.” Mac says to an annoyed Gage. She grabs the money feeling tingles when their hands brush against each other. She looks up at him, but he looked the same. Mac was wondering if he even felt the tingles. She sends a small smile his way before running off to give Jason a hug.  
“Ouch, stop that hurts.” Jason says, holding his stomach.
“Sorry, here let me help.” She brings Jason into another hug, this time it was different he can feel a warm feeling in his stomach before the pain is relieved. “All better.” Mac says, she licks her finger bringing it over his cut on his cheek.
“What was that?” Jason says, he stretches out a bit, feeling no pain. The groups of people leave except Mac’s group. Gage storming off angry. 
“New power, I can get rid of your injury.” Mac says, walking with a limp now. 
“Where does the injury go?” Jason asks. 
“It might transfer to me, but I’m fine. Plus I heal faster.” Mac says. She could already feel her bone healing.
“Don’t do that again.” Jason says, placing a kiss on her cheek. He hears a growl from Maddy, but ignores it. “So you wanted to talk about something.” Mac stops outside the school doors.
“Right, training is going to be doubled for a little while. Brett and I might have gotten in a fight and he vowed to destroy all my friends. So we are going to keep an eye out for him.” Mac says. “Relax kid, we will have you trained in no time.” Mac says to the new guy, he just nods smiling a bit.
“So does that mean you two are over?” Trent asks. Mac just nods, she stretches her arm, the injury already healed.
“Darn, I was just starting to like him.” Ethan says. 
“Sure you were, but tonight we will go over strategies that way if I say code red or something everybody will know what that means.” The group nods there head understanding what it means.
“Isn’t Brett’s group huge?” Katie asks.
“Ya, there is about three hundred.” Mac says under her breath, but everybody hears.
“Three hundred.” Jason says.
“It isn’t like they all fight, what I know there is only really about fifty that fight.” Mac says.
“Only fifty, I guess that’s good.” Trent says sarcastically.
“It will be fine.” Mac says. She looks at her pack, it has grown a bit over the month. Now it was a little over twenty. The majority can fight but some were still on basic training. She wanted them to be pro by the end of the month. Her pack was known for being the best fighting pack in the nation, but that doesn’t mean twenty can defeat fifty, especially because the girls weren’t fighting. They can’t shift and she wasn’t having them fight against an actual werewolf. 
“So now that the plan is settle, what the hell is going on with you and Gage?” Katie asks. 
“I don’t know what you are talking about.” Mac says, walking through the school. Lunch was over and class has already started. She was heading to her class, the group following even though today they had classes somewhere else. 
“Sure you don’t.” Trent says. 
“She slows down coming closer to the doors. “Maybe I do know but don’t want to tell you.” Mac says, she rushes into her class before they can ask any more questions. 
“Is there a reason you’re late.” The teacher says, sending a death glare towards Mac.
“Because I have a life.” Mac says under her breath walking to the back of the class. She sees a seat open next to Gage but she doesn’t take it, taking the one next to the window. She is too confused about this whole situation. He is pure werewolf how does he not see the signs, yet she does. She is more powerful, but still he should know or maybe he does and doesn’t want her. 
God I hate being a girl. Mac mind links to Katie.
And why is that. Katie responds.
Because feelings bring insecurities and I hate those.
So you do have feelings for Gage? Mac could hear the excitement in her thoughts.
Promise not to tell anybody, including Trent. 
Of course, now give me the details. 
He’s my mate.
Shut up, shut up. This is amazing. Wait why are you just finding out? Katie asks.
Because he is War’s mate not Vamp’s. Yet Vamp is normally in complete control. I mean there were signs but I didn’t notice them until now.
Oh this is so great.
How, how is this great? Mac was frustrated about the whole situation.
Because you guys will make beautiful babies.
Really, that is what you’re thinking about. Guess what I’m thinking about, him thinking Sandy is his mate.
Well kill the bitch and all will be right with the world. Katie mind links, Mac starts laughing receiving a glare from the teacher. The bell rings right after.
Remember tell no one, until I figure out what to do next. Mac mind links, she’s the last to leave the class room. 
“I’m so excited.” Katie says, running up to Mac giving her a hug.
“Why are you excited?” Trent says, looking between them both. 
“Shoes.” Katie says, the first thing coming to her mind. 
“Yes, shoes.” Mac says, giving Katie an “Are you that stupid?” look. 
“Sale or something?” Trent says, Mac starts laughing, only Trent wouldn’t question it.
“Exactly,” Katie says, looking over at Mac. She sees Mac frozen in place looking over Katie’s shoulder. “What are you looking…” Katie says, “Oh my god.” Katie’s jaw drops. Pressed up against a locker is Sandy and Gage making out. “That bitch.”  Katie goes up giving Mac a hug. 
“What’s going on?” Trent asks, confused by the sudden mood change. He sees Gage and Sandy kissing but it isn’t something new. They do that every day, it never seemed to bother the others before.
“Nothing, she just has the shoes I want.” Mac says, slamming her locker closed. She threw it so hard that it hit the back wall, causing hers and all the other lockers to fall forward. The three of them moving in time not to get hit by it. The hall just stops to stair, including Gage and Sandy.
“They are just shoes.” Trent says, trying to calm Mac down. “Plus they’re ugly.” He looks down, he really couldn’t see Mac wearing them. They were purple with giant pink flowers on the top. Plus they were heels, Mac was more of the combat shoe girl in his mind.
“Ya your right, it’s nothing.” Mac says. 
“Don’t be like that.” Katie says.
“I’m fine, the shoes have made their decision. Look I’m going for a run, stressed with Alpha stuff and all.” Mac says, walking out school.
“Shoes can’t make decisions.” Trent says to himself.
“Oh baby, shut up.” Katie says, placing a kiss on his lips. She was worried about Mac, if anybody deserved a mate it was Mac. Why did the world have to be so cruel to her? Katie thought.

Chapter 22


It was two weeks, Mac was out running in wolf form again. She barely showed up for school, at the most she has been there four times since that one day. Not even staying the whole day. She’s surprised she hasn’t received a letter from the school yet, saying she is in trouble for ditching. But in all reality, they think she is a human so they probably don’t care that much. 
She was doing her daily gallop around her territory. It was a beautiful day and War was enjoying the day, running after deer, chasing around butterflies, and exploring the unknown. Mac was surprised when she ran across a waterfall. She didn’t notice how far she strayed, she was guessing she was in Gage’s territory. Brett would have had all his guards on her if it was his territory. Mac loves the water and doesn’t hesitate to jump in, paddling around. She was still in wolf form, finding it soothing when the water rushes through her fur. She dove chasing after a fish, missing it by a long shot, when she reemerged she knew she wasn’t alone. She could smell the minty freshness coming from the side of the water. 
Gage was standing there in wolf form, looking down at her. He barks, jumping in the water as well. Mac just keeps floating in the water wondering what he was doing. It takes her by surprise when he comes up next to her grabbing her by the fur of her neck. He starts to pull her back to the shore, Mac just goes with it, confused by the whole situation. 
When they make it to land, he pushes Mac up before him, running his tongue along her muzzle. Tingles erupting when they touch. Did he think I was drowning or something? Mac thinks. He barks when Mac doesn’t respond. She nudges her head into his neck, giving off the feeling that she is okay. His eyes light up, making Mac’s as well. He barks again nudging her to follow him. They start to play chase with one and another, nipping at each other’s tail. Mac had never been so happy. Here was Gage accepting her. They ending up playing until night fell, she licked his muzzle before heading back to her territory. Maybe there was a chance between them she thought.

“You coming to school today, or you just going to be playing wolf all day?” Jason asks. 
“I’m coming.” Mac says, Katie looks up surprised, she knew how hard of time Mac has been having since the Gage incident. Today was the first time she had a smile playing at her lips. “I’m taking my bike though.” Mac jumps up leaving the house.
“What got into her?” Jason asks.
“Hopefully Gage,” Katie said under her breath so that nobody would here. 
Mac arrived at school, getting there earlier than most. It felt weird being at school again, it was almost three weeks of barely being here and even when she was here she was more like a zombie not paying attention. 
“You look weirdly perky.” Chloe says coming up behind her. 
“Just had a good day that’s all.” Mac says.
“I’m glad, you have been walking around like a zombie for the last couple of times you have been here. It is good to see you happy.” Chloe says. “Plus to add to the new happy you, guess who’s gay.” Mac looks down at her. “Well he thinks he’s gay, oh but I’m not supposed to know. He was talking to Collin about it and I overheard.” 
“Gage thinks he’s gay?” Mac says a bit confused and offended, how could he not tell that she was a girl even in wolf form.
“I never said Gage, but ya it’s him. Apparently he ran around with a giant black wolf yesterday and he thinks the wolf is his mate.” Chloe says. All Mac was thinking was that maybe Gage is that stupid. “On the count the only female werewolf recorded around the land is Sandy, he assumes it’s a guy. So he is kind of freaking out.” 
“At least he is going to leave Sandy soon.” Mac says, smiling a bit at the thought. 
“Probably, he stayed home today wanting to think things through.” Chloe says, the bell rings telling them to head to class.

“You seem happier than normal, even happier than this morning.” Katie says at dinner. The day went by in a breeze for Mac, all she could think about was her and Gage being together, after she punches him for not figuring it out sooner.  
“I’m fine.” Mac says, she wasn’t ready to tell the rest of her pack, mostly because the majority of them hate Gage.  “Just a good day.”
“Sure it was.” Katie says.
“What is going on with you to, you seem more girly than normal.” Trent says, looking at the girls giggle a bit. 
“Katie is rubbing off on Mac, the pack is doomed.” Ethan says.
“Oh shut up.” Katie says, throwing her bread hitting Ethan directly in the face.  A full out food fight started, the whole room getting into it. It was only Jason, Trent, Katie, Ethan, John and Mac in the room. But that didn’t stop them from getting food everywhere. At one point they stop throwing food, looking at the mess in the room. Laughing at the whole situation. 
“What’s that?” Ethan asks, pointing at Mac’s shoulder. “We didn’t have anything red for dinner.” Mac looks at the dripping blood from her shoulder. 
“It’s blood.” Mac says, she screams feeling the pain. To her it felt like somebody was carving out her shoulder with a spoon. 
“What’s happening?” Jason asks, running over to Mac. She has fallen on her hands and knees, screaming like a maniac. 
“What do we do, what do we do?” Trent says, running around.  Mac flips over onto her back, blood covering her face. It was dripping out of eye sockets, her noise, her ears, and her mouth. She keeps trying to breath, but blood just gets in the way, causing her to choke. She tips to the side spitting it out, but it just keeps coming. A huge puddle surrounds her, soaking into her clothes and Jason’s.
“What is happening?” Jason asks with more authority.
“I don’t know.” The room says.
“I’m dying.” Mac manages to whisper. Jason grabs her hand giving it a squeeze, he could feel how fragile she was becoming.
“No you can’t die.” Jason says, tears dripping into her blood. “There has to be something we can do.” Jason says, “Please, you can’t leave us.” Mac closes her eyes, tired out from the pain. It felt like millions of knifes where being stabbed into her body. 
“John, what do we do?” Trent asks. 
“I don’t know?” John says, he was staring down at Mac. Tears falling down his eyes as well.
“Think, she can’t die.” Ethan shouts. 
“Blood.” John says. Receiving weird looks from the room, “She needs more blood and energy.” 
“How are we supposed to get her energy?” Trent shouts. He is holding Katie who is crying into his shoulder.
“She has a power.” Jason says, he is brushing the hair away from her face. “She can heal injuries, which means she can probably displace her own injuries.” 
“That’s perfect.” John says. 
“Mac,” Jason says, but Mac doesn’t stir. He can just barely see the movement of her chest saying she is breathing. “Mac” He shouts this time shaking her a bit. She opens her eyes, all Jason could see was red surrounding the greenish blue color. “Give me your injury.” 
“No, it hurts, I can’t give you it.” Mac says, pushing him away a bit. 
“Give me some, just a little. Please I would take the pain rather than you dying.” Jason says. 
“It hurts.” Mac says, he can hear the pain in her voice. Never has he seen Mac so weak and fragile. 
“Come on Mac.” Jason says. He takes Mac hand holding it for dear life. He is surprised when he gets a warm feeling, it was soon replaced by a stabbing pain near his heart. He drops her hand clutching his heart, he looks up to see Mac looking a tiny bit better. He takes deep breaths trying to relieve the pain.
“My turn.” John says, pushing Jason out of the way.
“No.” Mac says, pushing John away. “I can’t hurt you all.” 
“You will kill us if you die.” John says, grabbing a hold of her hand. He feels the warmth then the stabbing pain, landing next to Jason. Both just lying on the ground trying to ignore the pain. They didn’t want to think of what it was like for Mac, they only received a fraction, where as she was receiving the whole thing. Trent, Katie, and Ethan soon followed. By the end of that Mac was lying or her back, she was breathing like normal but she still felt a lot of pain, her eyes closes from exhaustion.
“Blood, she needs fresh blood.” John says standing up. The pain for him was mostly gone and he wished to never go through that again.  John stands up grabbing a knife from the table. He crouches down in front of Mac, she barely opens her eyes. She sees John with a knife pressed to his arm 
“Stop, no more.” Mac says, pushing him away. He could still tell she was weak, the shove not moving him from his place.
“You need blood.” John says, slicing his arm the blood dripping into her mouth. Mac can’t help the fangs that pop out of her mouth. She bites into his arm feeling the blood ooze into her mouth. After a minute she licks up John’s wound pushing him away.
“My turn.” Jason says bringing his arm out in front of her. She bites in again only going for a minute. The others going a turn as well, by the end of this Mac was feeling a lot better.
“Is she going to die?” Jason says, feeling whoozy from blood lost. 
“I will live.” Mac says, she tries to stand up but falls to the floor. “I can never thank you guys enough.” 
“Honestly it’s fine.” Ethan says, helping her up into a chair. 
“What happened?” Trent asks.
“Um,” Mac says, she looks towards her shoulder only seeing the edge of it, blood covering the healing cut. “You guys never pay attention in class do you?” Mac asks. She receives a shake of the head from the majority of the group.
“Mate.” Katie says. The group looking at her, Mac’s eyes fall to the ground. “He bit somebody else.” 
“What are you talking about?” Trent asks. 
“When two mates meet what normally happens is that they fall in love, mark each other, and mate. But on very rare occasions two mates will meet and not have that process. If one of the mates bites somebody else, or gets bitten by somebody other than there mate the other dies because they get separated from their wolf. Nobody has ever survived.” Katie says. “Wait is War dead?” 
“She’s still here, just barely. She is tired though, but she knows she has Alpha duties to do, so she is sticking around.” Mac says, feeling War stir around her. “Vamp will be in control for a really long time though.” She changes her eyes to pure black feeling slightly better.
“But Mac doesn’t have a mate.” Jason says. Mac looks up to see the sadness in Jason eyes.
“I did.” Mac says. 
“Why didn’t you tell us?” John asks.
“Because he didn’t want me.” Mac says, looking at the floor tears coming down her eyes.
“He rejected you.” Ethan says getting angry. 
“He chose another.” Mac says she wipes her tears away.
“Gage.” Trent says, he knew they weren’t really talking about shoes that day. The room looks at Mac seeing her eyes drop to the floor again.
“I’m going to kill him.” Ethan and Jason say at the same time.
“Don’t, it doesn’t matter.” Mac says. “Thanks again for saving my life, but for right now I’m exhausted and ready for bed.” She stands up stumbling, Katie comes over to help her.
“But he deserves to be killed for what he did.” Jason says.
“Not right now guys, don’t you see that she is broken and tired.” Katie says over her shoulder. They just nod letting Mac and Katie by.


Chapter 23

Mac woke up in the morning feeling a bit better, there was pain but it wasn’t much. She took a long shower last night, washing the blood away. She felt the burn intensify every time he made love to Sandy and it hurt, emotionally, she was physically use to pain now. Where she was supposed to be marked one day by her mate, was now torn up to the point that it looked like somebody took a chain saw to it. It wasn’t red or puffy, it was just added to the skin along with her other scars and burns, like it had been there all along. She was remembering how almost over two years ago there wasn’t one burn or scar on her skin. The worst thing she went through was a paper cut, or pain from her friends from talking behind her back. How she wished for those days again. She couldn’t imagine losing her pack though.
“You going to school today.” Jason says, walking in with Mac’s breakfast. He only does this when he knows she is going through a hard time.
“Yes, why wouldn’t I?” Mac says in monotone.
“Because.” Jason says, staring at the scar. She makes it invisible before his eyes, perfect smooth skin replacing it. “You can’t just make it disappear.” 
“Why can’t I?” Mac says, going into her closet to change.
“Because, you’re supposed to feel angry, mad, something, right now you just seem like an emotionalist Zombie. You can’t hide from your feelings.” Jason says.
“Really I’m fine, he made his decision, truth is before I found out I didn’t really believe I had a mate and I was okay with that. I can’t miss what I never had.” Mac says, walking out of her closet dressed.
“It isn’t healthy.” Jason says.
“I think last night proved I can’t die.” Mac says. “Time for school.” She leaves him in her room, forgetting about the breakfast he brought up.

Mac was going through school like a zombie, Vamp was happy when she saw that Gage was gone, but it didn’t reach Mac’s lips. 
“So you’re back to zombie villa?” Chloe says, walking with Mac to lunch.
“I guess so.” Mac says, grabbing her tray to put food on.
“What happened?” Chloe says, she grabs her food, Mac does at well.
“Nothing important.” Mac says her monotone not changing since the morning. Walking back to her table, she doesn’t really pay attention and it takes her by surprise when she runs into somebody. Mac’s eyes go wide when she recognizes the person. 
“Hi there gorgeous.” Derrick says, leaning against the pillar. Mac just keeps looking at him, wondering if she could kill him without the whole cafeteria noticing. “Don’t speak much do you.” Derrick says. “It’s okay, I like the quiet.” Derrick runs his hands up and down Mac’s arm.
“What are you doing here Derrick?” Chloe asks.
“Just dropping off my sister, she was busy this morning with her mate but she still needs to go to school.” Derrick says. “So who’s your friend?” 
“This is Mac, and will you stop touching her.” Chloe says.
“Got yourself a back bone didn’t you?” Derrick says to Chloe. “So Mac.” Derrick grabs Mac’s waist bringing her in close, the tray keeping a bit of separation from them. “Why don’t you and I go have some fun?” He whispers in her ear. 
“Leave her alone Derrick.” Chloe says. 
“Shut up.” Derrick says, he lowers his hand grazing it against Mac’s ass. She was just standing there, waiting for the right time. 
“What are you doing Derrick?” Collin says, coming closer to the group. 
“Nothing that concerns you.” Derrick says. “So Mac your answer?” He places a kiss on her cheek, Mac flinches away, but Derrick holds her chin in place.
“Leave her alone.” Collin says, standing close.
“Derrick, why is it that you have a thing for humans?” Sandy says, coming up next to Derrick. It was the tipping point for Mac to see and smell the mark on Sandy. 
“Shut up.” Derrick says again. He looks at Mac, not being able to see her eyes transform to pure black because of her sunglasses. She sends a small smile dropping the tray to the ground. 
“You want to know my answer?” Mac says, tracing her hand on his chest. He smiles thinking he is about to get lucky. “You know what I consider fun?” Mac leans in whispering in his ear. “My fun is to watch you die.” Mac pulls him down into her knee, slamming it into his stomach. It takes the group by amazement. She starts to bring her foot back, knowing that if she hits his head just right that he would die a slow painful death, which is what she wants. She brings it forward, but she feels a pull on her hair, sending her kick into Derrick’s stomach instead of his neck. He flies into the ceiling dropping back down knocked out. 
“Let her go you bitch.” Chloe says, jumping on Sandy. Sandy has a clump of Mac’s hair in her hand pulling at it will all her strength. Mac doesn’t feel it, just a slight tension on the back of her head. 
“Don’t you dare touch my brother?” Sandy says, pulling again on Mac’s head. She throws Chloe off who lands on the ground with a thump. Chloe stands up going to attack again, but Mac using her powers sends her tumbling into Collins arms, she was close enough to Chloe that for the rest of the room thought she just pushed her away.
“No, this bitch is mine.” Mac says grabbing Sandy’s arm and twisting it until she let go. She screamed but it only encouraged Mac. “I’ve been waiting to do this for forever.” Mac kicks the tray on the side, giving her easier access to pick it up. She swings slamming it down on Sandy’s head. Mac throws the split tray to the side watching Sandy fall to the floor unconscious. She stands over Sandy, bringing her arm back for a punch, when all of sudden she is flying through the air landing on the nearest table, breaking both her sunglasses and the table. 
“Touch her again and I will kill you.” Gage says, standing over Sandy in a protective stance.  Mac feels Vamp anger intensifies. She starts to laugh, getting a look from the crowd that screamed “is she crazy?” 
“Look everybody, little Gagey wants to play. Sunglasses.” Mac says, leaving her hand out for Jason to place his sunglasses in. Only he sees in the group that Vamp maybe awake, but Mac had control and she wanted this more than her two sides. She puts them on walking up to Gage. “If you couldn’t kill me before what makes you think you can now.” Mac says, referring to last night. 
“I couldn’t touch you last time, this time I can.” Gage says, referring to the fight that happened in the beginning of the year. “Stay away from my mate.” Gage says through his teeth. Mac just starts laughing. 
“Right, mate.” Mac says. “But you said nothing about you.” Mac brings her fist back before slamming it into Gage’s face. She knew that War would never allow her to kill him, but injuring was fine with Vamp having control. Gage looks taken back by the hit, he didn’t understand how a human could be so strong. 
“I’m not going to hit you Mac.” Gage says, stepping back. Mac sends another punch to his stomach having him double over.
“You just threaten to kill me, yet you won’t hit me. Make up your mind boy.” Mac says, kicking him in the side. He blocks sending a punch into Mac’s gut. Mac’s group stands up in fighting stances ready to attack. “Nope, this one’s mine.” Mac says, putting a shield around them so even if they wanted to step in an invisible wall would block them. He sends another punch towards her face but she blocks it sending a flat palm to his noise, breaking it. He stumbles back holding his noise.
“I don’t want to hurt you.” Gage says. 
“That’s too bad, because I do.” Mac says, she jumps sending a roundhouse kick to the face. He falls to the ground, but jumps right back up. “You’re a lot stronger than you look.” Mac says, circling him.
“So are you.” Gage says, mimicking Mac’s moves so she couldn’t get behind him. Mac’s starts laughing, he still hasn’t figured it out yet. She throws a punch connecting with his jaw, he throws one hitting her in the rib. She sends another kick to his ribs, and he tries to punch her again in the ribs, her blocking it this time. 
“Find a new move.” Mac says. 
“Like this.” Gage says, he kicks Mac in the stomach sending her through the giant window that brought enough sunlight in the cafeteria that they didn’t have lights. The students watch as it shatters around her gasping when they hear her hit the floor with a thump. The whole cafeteria just stares at the window. Only Mac’s pack is able to see her sit up and start pulling the shards of glass that were embedded into her skin. She pulls a big one from her arm, a smaller on out of her neck, and the biggest one from her lower back. She didn’t bleed much, but her clothes were stained and scratched. She stands up looking herself over before stepping back into the room. 
“I will admit, I did feel that one.” Mac says, she steps forward but a red image appears in her mind. She knows what it means. She walks forward over to Gage, prepared to end this stupid fight. She steps forward kicking him, sending him into the pillar Derrick was leaning on earlier. It breaks a bit, but she didn’t kick him that hard that he would die from it.
Code Red, you’re staying here. Mac mind links to Jason
Now, how do you know?
My power.
I’m coming with you that was the plan. Jason mind links.
No you will stay, we don’t want both of us killed if we lose. Who else would run the pack?
“I’m going.” Jason says out loud.
“No” Mac says in Alpha tone. “You know who stays.” 
“How, I mean you’re a human. How?” Gage says, standing up. Mac walks up to him, pushing him against the broken pillar. 
“Sweety, do you really believe I’m just a human.” Mac says. 
“What are you?” Gage says, looking down at Mac in a new perspective. She must be a shifter, but how could he not smell her. He was very confused.
“You lost that right to know.” Mac says, she sends another punch his direction, this time strong enough to knock out. “You know what to do.” Mac says to Jason, before running out the cafeteria doors. The rest of people just staring at the mess she left.



Chapter 24

Her group felt the shield go down once they knew she teleported herself off campus. 
Jason looks around to seeing his pack with confused looks on their faces. 
“Code red.” Jason says, the confused faces turning into worried looks. “You’all” Jason says, pointing to the girls and some of the newest fighters “stay here with me, the rest of you head out when she says where.” 
“Do you really believe she will tell us?” Trent says, he holds Katie close to him worried about what is going to happen. 
“She will, even she isn’t that stupid.” Jason says. He grabs Maddy, holding her close, helping him calm himself down. 
There are a little more than fifty of them.
They all received Mac’s mind link, their faces drop.
Two miles from our border, I will take as many down as I can. Remember we don’t aim to kill, and Brett and his Beta are mine.
“You heard what she said, off you go.” Jason says, worried and pissed about the situation. The fighters give a last kiss to theirs mates, or hugs to their friends that are staying behind. They run out the door jumping into their cars speeding off. Good luck, Jason mind links to all of them. There was only about eleven going including Mac, the odds weren’t in their favor.

Mac arrived at the forest line, not seeing the wolves, but feeling them. The first to step out were telekinetically pushed into a tree. There were only ten of them, she thought they were probably the spotters. Out in front to see what they were up against. She smacks them against the tree hard enough that they each get knocked out. All she kept thinking to herself is that she needed both War and Vamp to help with this situation, Vamp with her powers, but War with her fighting skills. Separated she couldn’t keep up her strength.
“Come on War.” Mac says to herself, but only feeling a stir from her. War wasn’t too happy about the rejection yesterday, or the fact Mac and Vamp beat the crap out of Gage.
She sees a little more than thirty wolves stepping out of the forest, all pointing at her. 
“This should be fun.” Mac says, she runs forward using her super speed slamming into two wolves sending them flying, one landing on another wolf. The wolves looks surprised at first, but the ten closes get out of the shock and lunge at her. She sends a kick towards one and a punch to another. One bits into her arm, her screaming out in pain. She punches it in the face knocking it out. She normally tries to keep her strength in balance but right now it was the only thing keeping her alive. A hit or punch towards any of the wolves would either send them flying or knock them out. She took the ten down, but more showed up and she was getting tired. She grabbed onto one of the wolf’s muzzle sucking some of the energy out of him, misplacing her injury. She felt rejuvenated, but was still a bit tired. She could see she was down to seventeen by the time her group showed up. They ran straight to the middle of the fight, half in wolf form, the others human.
“Go get him.” Trent shouts, tackling a wolf to the ground. He was best in human form and enjoyed it more when taking down his enemy. Mac just nods, knowing they would call if they really need help. 

“Gage’s waking up.” Katie says, she wanted anything that would distract her, worried about what was happening with the pack. She hasn’t felt any extreme pain so she knew Trent was mostly safe.
“Oh great.” Chloe says, she was mad at Gage for attacking Mac. She had every right to attack Sandy and Derrick, and she thought they deserved it. 
“I will go help him.” Collin says. He gets up, slapping Gage in the face a bit to wake him up.
“What happened? Gage says, holding his head.
“Mac kicked your ass.” Jason says, sending a smile his way. 
“What is she?” Gage says, remember the whole fight. “Is she a shifter, it isn’t possible for a human to be that strong.” 
“Shifter, sure.” Jason says, him and the group have been sitting and waiting at the table. Hearing no news from the group, it was sending them up the wall with worry. 
“How come she smelled like a human?” Gage asks, he stands up leaning against the broken pillar.
“Maybe because you’re so stupid you couldn’t smell her, now will you shut up.” Susie snaps, the group looks at Susie, she was normally pro Gage, but after the incident from last night she hated him with a passion.
“What got stuck up her ass?” Gage asks Collin.
“You did.” Collin says glaring at Gage.
“What did I do?” Gage asks.
“You attacked Mac, you know sweet, loving, smart, and kind Mac. That’s what you did.” Collin shouts, Mac’s group turns around. They always knew Collin and Mac were friends, but they always thought that if Collin had to choose he would choose Gage.
“She was attacking your Alpha Female.” Gage says, getting into Collins face. Chloe looks over to see Sandy still passed out, nobody bother to move her or help wake her up.
“That bitch is not my Alpha female.” Collin shouts, Chloe nodding her head. 
“You will treat her with respect.” Gage shouts.
“No, who deserves my respect is Mac. She was the one that saved Chloe even when we were acting like assholes to her. She is the one that help bring Chloe out of her shell. She was the one who taught Chloe how to stand up for herself, against that psycho bitch.” Collin shouts pointing towards Sandy. “She shouldn’t be here, hell I wish you didn’t show up and Sandy did die. Did you know she has beaten Chloe up over forty times. Forty. Or that she would force your brother down here to collect her books, even though she knew he would get beaten everyday by those five assholes. Or that she would kick, beat, and threaten anybody until she got her way. She is the worse person I have ever met, except her psycho brother and your stupid father, actually she might tie with your father.” Collin says.
“She isn’t like him.” Gage says under his breath, truth was he never really knew this. He thought his brother volunteered, and that it was just a nasty rumor about Chloe. “I don’t believe you.” Gage says, but he was questioning it himself. 
Collin pulls his hair a bit, frustrated by the situation. “You hit Mac.” 
“I hit her because she deserved it.” Gage says, although he didn’t believe it. 
“You could have killed her.” Collin says, trying to plea with Gage to see reason.
“She’s a shifter, she’s fine.” Gage says, he felt the guilt of hitting her but he was too stubborn to show it.
“You thought she was human when you hit her.” Collin shouts.
“I did what was best for the pack.” Gage says.
“Like hell you did, you did what was best for that bitch. Even that bitch wasn’t good for the pack.” Collin shouts pointing at Sandy again.
“You will stop disrespecting her.” Gage says through his teeth. 
“Like hell I will, you have to be the stupidest Alpha on earth if you take Sandy’s side.” Collin says. 
“You will not disrespect me.” Gage says.
“I lost all respect for you when you marked her.” Collin says, talking about Sandy.
“Then leave.” Gage says.
“Fine.” Collin says, “I’ll join’s Mac’s pack.” He looks over to see a smiling Chloe.
“It’s Jason’s.” Gage shouts.
“Sure it is.” Collin says. 
“Fine, join them. Derrick would be a better Beta anyways.” Gage says, he looks around to see both Sandy and Derrick still both passed out. 
“Sure he will.” Collin says.

“Brett, oh Brett, where art though?” Mac says when she nears his camp. Because of her heat radar she was able to find them right away. Same reason on why she knew Brett’s pack was attacking.
She is half surprised when a wolf tackles her to the ground. She catches herself with the wolf on top of her. The thing the wolf didn’t notice was that Mac had her feet crotched under pressing against the wolfs underbelly. She pushes her legs out sending the wolf into another one knocking them out. She sees there is about eight others excluding Brett and his Beta.
“Can’t fight your own battles?” Mac says, she lost her sunglasses long ago. She was still in control but Vamp had a lot of that control. Her eyes were white with a pure black middle, Brett and his Beta gulped when they see this. Two wolves lunge at her, but they weren’t the best fighters. They run into each other leaving themselves open to get punched by Mac, knocking them out.
“I told you we should have kept some of the best fighters back here.” The Beta says. Mac had to deal with him a few times, but as far as she was concern he was an ass. Always making snide remarks about how worthless humans are, even when Mac was right next to him. He reminded her of Sandy a bit.
“Shut up, she’s human we can take her.” Brett says. A wolf throws a punch towards Mac, she blocks it sending a kick his way. He flies back into the other guy knocking them both out.
She looks over at the guys that are left. She could tell they were nervous and scared, they were shaking in their seats. “I would run now if I were you.” Mac says. She was a little surprised when they followed her order. It wasn’t even an Alpha one. “Give up now Brett.” Mac says, stepping forward slowly.
“Never,” Brett says, he and the Beta both raise their hands, a gun displayed in both. Mac starts laughing she can’t help it. A gun, she just got by about twenty of their men and they think a gun would stop her.
She hears a loud bang and is surprised when she feels a pain in her side, surprised to see blood running down her hip. The Beta shoots this time, hitting Mac in the shoulder. It hurts a lot, but she is more focused on killing them. She feels a stirring in her stomach and smiles.
“You shot me, you both actually shot me.” Mac says, she jumps into the air changing into War. It took being shot by Brett to bring War out of her slump. She goes for the Beta first, clawing out his throat. She turns around to see a scared Brett. 
“You’re a wolf.” Brett says surprised, it doesn’t stop him from attacking though. He jumps at her, transferring into a wolf half way. He tackles her to the ground, but Mac kicks him off after a second. She claws down his back, blood flowing out. He steps back lunging forward biting down on Mac’s muzzle, she wiggles out slashing him in the face with her claws. He whines, stepping back. He growls at her in Alpha tone. She growls back stronger, making him flinch. He lunges forward, but Mac was expecting that, she steps to the side biting down on his neck. She holds it there before she can feel him go limp. She throws the body to the side, changing back into her human form.
“Stop.” She shouts in Alpha tone loud enough that anything within a mile radius can hear her, she teleports to the tree line, seeing that her pack was glaring at the survivors of the other pack. She walks forward, Trent being the first to see her, throws over his scratch up shirt. It had some holes but would cover most of her. “I am your new Alpha, the last one is dead.” Mac says, staring down at the survivors, the rest being knocked out. There was only five left. “For right now, you will take your injured back to your pack house, and have the pack doctor look at them. There will be a pack meeting tonight, and you will tell everybody. Any questions?” Mac says, receiving shakes of the head from the group. “Good now off.” Mac turns back to her pack, none seemed to be that hurt which she was thankful for. “Come here.” Mac says asking for a group hug, with tears in her eyes. It was the longest day she had ever dealt with. “Justin?” Mac asks.
“Ya?” Justin says, moving people out of the way to get to her
“Can you pull these bullets out?” Mac says, she looks down at the skin. It already healed over the bullets already.

“So do you think she will take us?” Collin asks talking to Jason, they were sitting at the cafeteria table in silence up until now.
“I don’t know why she wouldn’t.” Jason says, shaking hands with Collin. “Welcome to the pack. Hell I’m tired of waiting, lets go to the pack house.” Jason says standing up. 
“Waiting for what?” Gage asks, he receive glares from the pack.
“We are in the middle of a battle with Alpha Brett’s pack.” Jason says.
“Why aren’t you there, you’re the alpha?” Gage says. 
Jason starts to laughing. “Collin had it right, it’s Mac’s pack she there fighting the guys.” Gage drops his jaw to the floor. Jason in the back of his mind can here Mac scream stop.
Pack meeting tonight dude. Trent mind links to Jason. Katie smiles, hearing her own mind links from Trent. 
Jason’s face becomes serious. “Let’s go it’s over.” 
“Did she win?” Gage asks, stepping in front of Jason. Jason keeps his serious face on ignoring Gage walking out the door. Gage felt the power rise off of Jason, he was wondering if that meant Jason was the new Alpha. But he couldn’t think about that, because if that was true that meant Mac wasn’t Alpha and that could only happen through standing down or death. He slumped to floor banging his head against the door, realizing what a mess he made.


Chapter 25

It had been a month of turmoil. For Mac going from running a pack of twenty two to three hundred and twenty two wasn’t a walk in the park. But she was finally getting the hang of it. Thankfully the council let her out of her duties with school, she was too busy with the rest of the world. 
“Collin and John can you guys come to my office?” Mac asks, the boys following. Collin and Chloe ended up joining the pack, but they decided to live out of the pack house making a home for themselves a mile away.
“So what up boss?” John says, taking a seat, Collin taking the other one. Mac’s office was huge, she had the desk taking up most of the space, but the bookshelves covering the walls took space as well.
“First of all I wanted to say good work on training this month guys, John with you teaching them, and Collin thanks for helping out. You brought in some new moves that I haven’t seen before and it was a good addition.” Mac was leaning on the desk in front of them fiddling with her pen. “Collin, I know you were beta in your last pack, but the position is already filled. I’m sorry but Jason is great at what he does and already knows me. But you have been a good leader, both of you have which is why I’m making both of you my third commands.” Mac says, both boys had surprised faces on. 
“What would we do?” Collin asks.
“What I mostly want from both of you is to help teach the pack to fight. We have been training every day but I want to be the best and having you both teaching would be good. I know having two third in commands are uncommon but it is a big pack and I hope you can both work it through.” 
“I’m game if you are.” Collin says. John shakes his head.
“We can start planning tonight.” John says. They hear a knock on the door.
“That is my next meeting, but welcome to third command.” Mac says shaking both hands. “Come in.” Allen walks in, she was surprised expecting Justin, but not as surprised as Collin.
“Allen.” Collin says surprised. “I thought you were dead, or ran away and got killed somewhere.”
“You sure you weren’t hoping like the rest of the pack?” Allen says, he takes a seat inside the office.
“Where’s Justin?” Mac asks.
“He had to finish off his training, but just exchange meetings with me.” Allen says.
“No I wasn’t hoping, I was worried about you, Gage was losing his mind. Thankfully Mac told him that you were alright.” Collin says.
“I’m sorry I have a couple, if not many meetings today. Can we do this later?” Mac says, grabbing Allen’s file. 
“Sure.” Collin say, staring at Allen as he walked out the door. 
“Great.” Mac says. “So Allen, I see you have grown to enjoy the pack?” 
“I love it here, you, Jason, all the pack, and not to mention Sydney.” Allen says his face lighting up when he was speaking. 
Make smiles at him, “I’m happy that you are happy again. Plus you were a great asset to the group, always helping out Justin and Dr. Codwell with the medicine. It has been a great asset to pack.” Mac was talking about how Allen would be the nurse for the other two and always willing to lend a hand. The week before two rogues attacked one of Mac’s pack members getting hurt in the process. The threat was dealt with and Allen all by himself help heal the guy.
“I don’t mind, actually it is always fun and interesting.” Allen says, wondering where the conversation is going.
“Perfect, I offered Justin this a few weeks ago and he accepted and I am hoping you will to. I am hoping you will do me the honor of being the pack doctor along with the other two. It is a big pack and we could use more than one. Of course this is a long process, I have filed for you to go to University of Washington and they have accepted. It would take eight years and if you figure out that it isn’t your dream during the time, then no hard feelings. But I am willing to pay, and of course Sydney has to want to do it as well. But I do believe you would be a great help as a pack doctor.” Mac says, handing over some paperwork about University of Washington to Allen. He was just sitting staring at the papers. All he could think was that over a couple of months ago he was the Omega wanting to off himself, and yet Mac saved him and here she is again helping him. 
“Thank you, I won’t let you down.” Allen says grabbing the papers.
“Why don’t you just get the okay with Sydney first?” Mac says. Allen nods his head. 
“So what are we going to do about Collin?” Allen asks.
“We, he was just wondering about you.” Mac says.
“Yes but he is wondering how I’m still here today and that is because of you, so you are a main part of the story.” Allen says.
“Maybe it is time to tell them the truth, we can trust them right?” Mac says. Allen nods his head. “Collin bring Chloe with you.” Mac says a little bit over a yell, she knew he was outside the door the whole time. A few second later she hers him running off for Chloe.
They both enter the room grabbing a seat next to Allen.
“So there is a lot I haven’t told you about me.” Mac says. 
“We know you’re a shifter but what else is there to know?” Chloe asks.
“A lot.” Allen says.
“So I was a human.” Mac says, watching their mouths drop.
“You’re a change shifter?” Collin asks.
“Yep, Derrick was the one who changed me, although my guess is that he doesn’t know and in his mind I’m dead, the rest of his family probably thinks the same thing. They kept me as a slave for a year and the only reason I was able to get away is because of being changed. I’m not a shifter, I’m a werewolf and, I don’t know how to put this gently. I’m also a vampire.” Mac says, she says in monotone. She didn’t choke up or feel what she used to when she talked about this. Allen noticed how she changed since Gage marked Sandy, but he thought even this story would bring some feelings out. He was hoping so at least, he wanted the old happy Mac back. 
“What do you mean he changed you?” Chloe asks.
“What do you mean vampire werewolf?” Collin asks.
“It was full moon, he came home pissed from losing a fight with Gage.” Mac takes a deep breath, she hadn’t completely gotten over it but she was getting better, she keeps her monotone. “He bites me then raped me. He left me there in the office leaving to go for a run. I got the courage and ran, ran until I passed out in a lake and that is where I met my group. Months later I ended up getting bit by a vampire, he died while I lived. I got his power, telekenetic, got a few powers on the way, and well here I am.”
“You’re Vamp.” Collin says.
“That is all you got out of that story, did you hear what Derrick did to her.” Chloe was in tears. 
“It’s alright Chloe.” Mac says, “I’m fine, and yes I am Vamp. But I don’t have complete control of her, she is just like a changed werewolf. She has a mind of her own.” Mac says, Chloe is sitting in Collins lap while he strokes her hair.
“I’m sorry, Chloe is right I should be more worried about how you are doing. That’s why you attacked Derrick and Sandy in the cafeteria. I thought they deserved it for just bugging you that day, but I didn’t know it went so far.” Collin says. 
“Yes, stupid Sandy and Gage for stopping me.” Mac says, Collin notice the first emotion she showed a small frown.
“I just thought it was because you were in love with Gage.” Collin says, trying to lighten the mood.  He notices Allen face drop, and the quick movement of Mac’s face dropping but turning back into a little smile.
“Yes, I was not in love with Gage. But he was my mate.” Mac says.
“He’s a bastard.” Allen says.
“Allen, I do not want you thinking that about your brother. You two will work it out.” Mac says.
“What?” Chloe says, the tears stopping.
“No, but wait. You’re the werewolf that he thought he was gay for.” Collin says, fitting all the pieces together. “Asshole. I’m going to kill him, all the shit he put you through and then that family. They all need to go to hell. They slaved you and raped you yet they are still standing fine as can be. Assholes all of them.” Collin is standing up pacing the room. Chloe has never seen him this mad before.
“How are you alive?” Chloe asks.
“I don’t know, I’m stronger than most.” Mac says. “War is weaker than she used to be but Vamp is fine. I just have to feed on more blood to keep my strength up.” 
“You are War as well.” Collin says, “Why am I not surprised.” 
“What does this have to do with Allen?” Chloe asks.
“It is the reason I’m alive.” Allen says. 
Mac then goes over how she used her magical spit to save the guy along with Justin’s help.
“So that’s why Jason said it was just from Mac being Mac.” Collin says. He never thought about any of this or that it was even an option. Who would? He thought. But to not even question her as a werewolf was stupid. She had strength, the pack relied on her, and she was the Alpha. It is almost impossible to have a non-werewolf leader. 
“Yep, so theirs my life story.” Mac says. 
“Oh my god.” Chloe says.
“Wait why did you disappear for that month?” Collin asks.
“Oh ya forgot about him, Zane, this scientific psycho. He does experiments on me, great guy.” Mac says sarcastic at the end. 
They hear a knock on the door.
“That must be Justin. Time to go.” Mac says, Chloe still has tears running down her face, Collin holding her hand comforting her.
“I’m sorry.” Collin says.
“Why you didn’t do anything.” Mac says. She ushers Justin in, letting the door fall on their face.
“That’s why she hasn’t really felt anything in the last month isn’t it.” Chloe asks Allen. He nods his head, leaving the two to replay all that they learned. 
“Hey guess what?” Allen says, running up and giving Sydney a hug in the kitchen.
“Um, you found a pony riding a dog.” Sydney says.
“So close, but no. Mac asked me to be one of the pack doctors.” Allen says.
“Oh that is so exciting,” Sydney says, “I’m so proud of you.” She places a small kiss on his lips. He leaves her grabbing an apple from the kitchen counter. 
“So what do you say, will you join me in going to Washington.” Allen says, he hears a knock at the door. He starts walking backwards to it.
“Of course.” Sydney says. 
“This is why I love you.” Allen says, he turns around opening the door. “No.” He shouts slamming the door in the guy’s face. 
“Allen.” Gage shouts, his foot stopping the door from shutting all the way. “What are you doing here?” Allen is pushing against the door trying to shut it.
“I live here, what are you doing here?” Allen shouts. Sydney just watches stumped about the whole situation.
“I’m here about the Alpha treaty. Now let me in.” Gage says.
“No, go away. Send Lucas or something.” Allen shouts.
“Fine, I have no choice.” Gage takes a step back letting Allen close the door, but it is forced open when Gage kicks it. 
“Ass.” Allen says, lying on the ground. 
“Now, what are you doing here?” Gage asks. Gage takes in Allen, he has grown. He isn’t the scrawny little kid he used to be, he has muscle and grown a couple of inches. 
“I’m part of the pack here.” Allen says.
“You joined Alpha Brett’s pack, but why.” Gage asks.
“Alpha Brett?” Sydney asks.
“I don’t have to explain anything to you. You and your stupid pack treated me like shit. Just drop off your paperwork and I will give it to the Alpha.” Allen says, he stands up reaching for the paperwork. Gage hands it over without a fight.
“I’m sorry.” Gage says, under his breath. Allen’s head jerks up surprised. What he remembered of his brother is that he never said sorry. His father taught them both that saying sorry meant weakness, it was one of the reason his father never liked him.
“What?” Allen says.
“I said I’m sorry.” Gage says, “I’m sorry for being a crappy Alpha, I’m sorry for never being there for you, and I’m mostly sorry for being the worst big brother on earth. I’m sorry okay.”
“What brought this on?” Allen asks.
“I was worried about you, since the day we found your blood I was worried. Then Mac,” he pauses taking a deep breath, “tells me you’re alive but ran away. I felt like crap and now losing all the people I love made me think. I’m sorry okay.” Gage says, he missed Collin and Chloe, they were his best friends and he ruined it. He thought of Mac and how the last thing he did to her was hurt her. He was surprised when her group showed up, not really looking upset. It gave him hope thinking that maybe she did beat Alpha Brett. But once she didn’t show up for a week he knew she was dead. He didn’t know how her pack was taking it so well, he was dying inside. He pretended to be happy around his friends, but he wasn’t.
“I can’t just forgive you.” Allen says. 
“I know, I screwed up. But I want my brother back. I won’t force you back to the pack but maybe sometime soon we could hang out?” Gage says. 
“Fine, we can try to hang out. But it will take some time to be considered brothers again.” Allen says.
“Fair enough.” Gage says, smiling a bit. “Oh and please do give that paperwork to Brett.” They exchange numbers, Gage leaving with a small smile on his face.
“Here boss.” Allen says, throwing the paperwork down. 
“Really, what is with you guys calling me boss?” Mac says. “What is this?” 
“Paperwork for a treaty with Gage, he needs your signature.” Allen says.
“You saw your brother?” Mac says.
“Ya, it was strange. But apparently he is sorry for all that he did to me.”  Allen says.
“That’s great.” Mac says taking in a deep breath. “So treaty, nope, nope, nope. I’m going to have to change a few things on this.” She says looking over the copy. “Can you run and go get Jason.” Allen nods leaving the room. Mac continues to look at the paper, she was trying to read it but it wasn’t sticking. She was thinking of Gage, she did her best not to think of him. Working day in and day out, but now and then he would creep back into her mind. She felt nothing, not sad, not happy, she just didn’t feel. It was like War shut down with her emotions, Mac was okay with it. She never wanted to feel like that again.

Chloe was walking down the hall in a hurry, she was running late to class. She was still replaying what happened in her mind the night before. She isn’t surprised Mac kept it from them, being the Black Luna is a big deal and she had to be very careful about who she trusted. Chloe just couldn’t believe what Mac went through, and then up until the Gage incident was a happy go lucky girl. 
Chloe lets out a yelp when she feels a hand pull her into an empty classroom. She sends a kick to the leg, taking the person out and a punch to the face.
“Stop, Chloe it’s me.” Gage says, holding his face crouching on the floor. 
“I know.” Chloe says, sending another kick to his stomach.
“I guess I deserved that.” Gage says, standing up holding his hurt stomach.
“Understatement of the year.”  Chloe says.
“Look I’m sorry, I was just wondering about Mac.” Gage says.
“Wondering about Mac, are you kidding me. She used to be happy, she used to be fun and do stuff, now, now.” Chloe stutters, trying to find the right words. “You killed her, that’s what you did.” She sends another kick to his stomach leaving the room.
Gage just stays lying on the floor, letting the tears fall out of his eyes. He thought she was dead, but part of him never truly believed it. Now though, after what Chloe says he believes it. 

Chapter 26

 “Why can’t you just do this?” Mac says, pulling down her dress a bit, it rode up in the car. 
“Because I’m not the Alpha and because if you want to change the treaty you have to meet with Gage in person.” Jason says. They were outside Gage’s pack house, they didn’t bother to call ahead. Mac used her power to see a lot of people in his house, one was bound to be him. “Look at the bright side, maybe you will get to punch him.” Jason says. Mac looks over at him, her brown eyes hard to find in the dark of night. 
“Come on.” Mac says, walking over to the door. She rings the bell, Jason looks over surprised to find a big smile on Mac. It wasn’t a happy one, more of a cunning one. 
“Are you okay?” Jason asks. Mac turns facing him with the same smile. Her now blue eyes lighting up the night. “Why is War out?” Jason asks.
“I’m fine, and War is… I’m going to go with the word excited.” Mac says. She turns ringing the doorbell again. Jason was happy to see Mac smiling again, but this smile was different. A girl answers, dark hair and bright green eyes. 
“Mackenzie.” Jasmine says, looking at Mac. “You need to leave, run now.” 
“Jasmine, are you okay.” Mac says referring to Jasmine’s bruised cheek.
“Forget about me, leave.” Jasmine says. 
“Who’s at the door Jasmine.” The group can here from the background. Mac’s smile grows a bit.
“I’m not going anywhere.” Mac says, stepping past Jasmine into the living room. She has never been to Gage’s house. It was huge, not bigger than her pack house but it did have a comfy feeling towards it. 
“Leave, now.” Jasmine was whispering behind Mac. Jason confused on who the girl is.
“Hello.” Mac says stepping out into the dining room, she followed there scent here. She sees the table set up for a family dinner, she was glad that she interrupted it. The people turn around flabbergasted faces on all of them.
“Mackenzie.” Robert says, a little worried.
“Oh so you do know my name.” Mac says. Jason looks at the family seeing Derrick on the side, he finally fits the pieces together. 
There the people that enslaved you aren’t they. Jason mind links. Mac doesn’t answer just nods her head. His hands ball up into fist, but he was wondering why Mac was so happy.
“What are you doing here?” Michelle asks worried. Jason understands, Mac want to make them sweat, maybe even reveal the truth to Gage.
“Alpha business of course.” Mac says, they look at Jason thinking he is the Alpha. Mac’s smile grows.
“Mac.” They hear from the side, before a clanging sound from a tray of food dropping to the ground. Gage runs over picking up Mac into a hug. Looking over at Gage he didn’t look well. Jason wasn’t that amazed he had seen Gage at school, he hasn’t looked well for a month, and for the last couple of days looked like death. “I thought you were dead.” Gage says, tears in his eyes from happiness. Jason grabs his jacket pulling him away from Mac. Her smile vanished into nothing. 
“I’m alive.” Mac says, pulling her dress down. She wanted him still, she could feel the sparks when he touched, but also the pain of the rejection again.
“Chloe said I killed you, but here you are.” Gage says, he tries to step forward to hug her again, but Jason gets in the way.
“She’s alive, but we would all prefer you not to touch her.” Jason says, earning a small growl from Gage.
“Mac?” Sandy says in an angry tone, coming into the room with a maid following her with the food. Mac looks over, her smile reappearing. A big scar covers Sandy’s face from the tray hitting her, no matter how much makeup she puts on it the scar remains. “I thought you were dead.” Sandy says, were as Gage’s sounded like relief to find that she is alive, Sandy sounded angry and disappointed.
“Nope very much alive, and now that this whole room knows I’m alive why don’t we get down to work.” Mac says.
“Work?” Gage asks.
“The treaty.” Jason says, lifting the paperwork up.
“After dinner you guys should join us there is enough food for all.” Gage says, picking up the fallen tray, most of the food stayed on. He quickly rushes at setting up a table setting for them.
“We would rather not.” Jason says.
“We would love to.” Mac says at the same time. Earning a questioning look from Jason. She just continues to smile.
“Great.” Gage says, “Here you guys can sit here.” He points to the seat next to him. Jason grabs the one separating Robert from Mac making sure he doesn’t do anything. He may hate Gage, but he knows that he doesn’t hate Mac nor will he attack her.  Mac looks across to see Derrick smirking towards her.
“So Mac, as they call you, what have you been up to recently.” Michelle asks. Mac just gives her a blank look.
“We have been busy with pack stuff.” Jason answers for her. Everybody has started to dig into the food except Gage, he is just staring at Mac. He was happy, his wolf was happy, he was just so happy she was alive. But he was wondering why her eyes were blue. He loves them and it drives him insane with happiness when she looks at him, but he was use to her brown eyes. His wolf was clawing to get out, but he suspected that it was just from being happy that Mac was alive. Mac looks over at him gaining eye contact, Gage’s can feel his heart increase. She looks back to the table. 
“Jason, running the pack must be hard. Do you have a mate to help you?” Michelle asks.
“The pack is fine, and it isn’t hard to run.” Mac says.
“I wasn’t talking to you.” Michelle says, sending a glare her way.
“She can answer whatever she wants.” Jason says.
“I was just wondering,” Michelle says, her tone becoming sweet again “because Jasmine would be a great asset to your pack, along with our family. Maybe you feel the connection.” 
Mac starts laughing, she is holding her stomach.
“What’s so funny?” Robert asks. Mac tries to speak but nothing but laughs come out.
“Oh she was laughing because having a horrible twisted screwed up family like yours in our pack would not be considered an asset and she considers it funny that is where you guys categorize yourselves.” Jason answers, earning surprised faces from the group. It was the first time Gage looked away from Mac.
“Except Jasmine, she can join.” Mac says between laughs.
“Why you little…” Sandy starts.
“Bitch” Mac finishes. “Is that what you were going to call me?” She stands up dropping her napkin on the table. “I’m off to the bathroom.” Mac says, but she was off to get a drink.
“Don’t talk to her that way.” She can here Gage say to Sandy.
“Why not?” Sandy says.
“Because she doesn’t deserve it.” Gage says. Mac turns a corner not able to hear them anymore. She wanders over to the living room seeing a bar set out on the side. It was huge, book shelves lining the walls, a giant TV in the middle of the wall with couches surrounding it. She could get used to it.
“Perfect.” Mac says, pulling out the vodka and gulping part of it down. 
“I missed you.” Derrick says, grabbing her by the waist. Mac chokes a bit on the bottle, but sets it down.
“Feeling isn’t mutual.” Mac says pushing him away. 
“Don’t be like that.” Derrick says, “I can’t believe the famous Mac is my Mackenzie.” He places small kisses on her neck. She shoves him across the room.
“I’m your nothing.” Mac says, Derrick landed on the floor looking up to see Mac eyes blazing blue. She takes another drink from the bottle.
“What is going on in here?” Robert says, Michelle following him in the room.
“Oh I was about to kill your son, but don’t worry you will come right after.” Mac says, she takes a swig from the bottle half of it gone. 
“Why you bitch.” Michelle says, lunging at her. Mac was a bit tipsy but was able to step out of the way in time for her to miss.
“Is that the best you got?” Mac says, she throws the bottle it smashing against the wall. Robert lunges for her sending a punch, Mac was feeling all the booze now. He grazes her but it is so brief Mac doesn’t feel it. She stumbles a bit, straightening herself out. Derrick stays on the ground watching his parents attack Mac. He was a bit scared, never seeing Mac like this. Pieces of last month when she kicked him coming back into his mind. “Ouch.” Mac says, Michelle finally landing one. “Wait I was just joking.” Mac says, sending a kick into Michelle’s stomach.
“Bitch.” Michelle says.
“How true you are, you can thank your son for that.” Mac says, letting her canines come out along with her claws. All have surprised faces on, they were excepting a human not a werewolf. She slams Robert against the wall, leaving Michelle the only one standing. Derrick refusing to fight. 
“What’s going on?” Gage says, coming into the room. Mac switches back before he can see. 
“Nothing.” Mac says, glaring down at Michelle who nods. “Robert tripped over Derrick and knocked himself out.” Michelle nods again. “We are leaving.” Mac says, she walks out, back into the dining room, Gage following. “Here look this over, I made some changes.” Mac gives the papers to Gage who throws them on the table. “Come on you two.” Mac says, gesturing to Jasmine and Jason. 
“I’m coming?” Jasmine asks.
“Like I would leave you with these people.” Mac says, glaring at Sandy. “Lets go.” The other two head to the car in front of her. 
“Mac.” Gage shouts, he is about halfway across the lawn when he catches up with her.
“What.” Mac says, her tone on the angry side.
“I’m sorry.” Gage says, Mac looks surprised.
“For what.” Mac asks.
“For hurting you, for pranking you, for all that stuff. I thought you were dead and it was killing me. I shouldn’t have attacked you. I was wrong. Please forgive me, please.” Gage says, he is on his knees holding onto her hand.
“Gage.” Mac says.
“I’m sorry, please. I didn’t mean to attack you. I don’t know what happened between you and Sandy and I shouldn’t have stepped in. But you do have to realize I have to favor my mate.” Gage says. Mac pulls her hand out of his.
Mac starts laughing. “You don’t even know what you did, once you do then maybe I can forgive you. But for now stay away from me.” Mac says. Unlike last time Gage could feel how deep these words affected him, it was a knife to the heart. He watched her walk over to the car slamming the door and driving away. He watched the car drive down his long driveway, watching the tail lights until they were no more. But he just continued to kneel there and watch.

“You okay?” Jason asks Mac.
“I’m drunk.” Mac says, she says jumping out of the car. They arrived at the pack house, but that wasn’t where she wanted to be. “But not drunk enough.” Mac says. Jason doesn’t get a chance to ask her what she meant, she teleports away.
“Where did she go?” Jasmine asks, coming around the car.
“Off to the forest.” Jason says, not wanting to tell Mac’s secret.
“So Gage is her mate.” Jasmine states.
“How did you know?” Jason asks, walking her up to the house.
“I know he isn’t my sisters, plus when she used to be at my house.” Jasmine says stumbling over the words a bit.
“I know she was enslaved at your place.” Jason says. Jasmine nods.
“It wasn’t my choice.” Jasmine says, but continues with the story. “He used to stare at her, Gage. He wouldn’t stare at my sister, but at her he would. She didn’t notice, she was so different back then. He also would always laugh at everything she said, thinking it was the funniest thing in the world, even if it wasn’t funny and just a fact. Nobody noticed except me, but I guess that would was a good thing, they wouldn’t be happy if Gage liked her.” Jasmine says.
“Thanks for taking care of her.” Jason says, they have reached the dining room and he was making dinner, having not eaten much at Gage’s house.
“I wish I could have done more.” Jasmine says, small tears fall down her face.
“You were young, you are young. It isn’t your fault.” Jason says, running his hand across her back. 
“You.” Collin says, he entered the room, glaring at Jasmine. He jumps across the table lunging at her, but Jason was quicker pushing Collin to the side so he missed and pinning him to the ground. “What are you doing, she hurt Mac.” Collin says.
“It wasn’t her, it was the rest of the family.” Jason says. Collin continues to glare at Jasmine. 
“You.” This time it was much softer coming from Brad. He looked at her with loved fill eyes.
“Mate.” Jasmine whispers.

“Is there a reason why we decided to hang here?” Allen asks, looking around his old pack house. He was recalling many memories from his past. A pack member sitting on him why he tried to watch TV, another testing out if he was really small enough to fit in a drawer, he wasn’t. Lastly all the memories of Sandy and Derrick coming back, they were the worst to him. If he didn’t count Gage or his Dad, although Gage never laid a hand on him, Gage also never tried to stop it. That was worst in Allen’s mind.
“I just wanted to show you that the pack won’t hurt you anymore.” Gage says.
“I know they won’t hurt me, I can take most of them and if I can’t I would call upon Mac.” Allen says, even though she has been MIA for the last couple of days he knows she would show up. He was training every day, he was strong and he knew it. Mac made sure of it, just for the day somebody tried to hurt him again. He would never consider bulling another, only for self-defense. He didn’t want revenge, okay that was a lie, he wanted a little, but he was only go to hit a person for a purpose not just because he wanted to hit them. He wanted to be nothing like his old pack.
“Is she alright?” Gage asks. 
“Why do you care about her?” Allen asks.
“She just, I don’t know.” Gage says. 
“She has been missing.” Allen says taking pity on him. “But if we annoy her enough she will mind link us, so we know she is alright. Although we are sure she is very, very drunk, wherever she is.” 
“Drunk, but we can’t get drunk. Werewolves or shifters.” Gage says.
“What will it take you to realize Mac is special?” Allen says.
“I know she is.” Gage says under his breath, Allen just barely hearing it. 
A blonde comes out of a side room, her skirt half way zipped up and her hair falling everywhere. She sends a small smile over to the guys but rushes out of the room. 
“Hot isn’t she.” Derrick says, throwing on his shirt. Allen just glares at Derrick.
“What did I say about hooking up with random girls?” Gage says, he was actually annoyed of Derrick. He wasn’t a good Beta, always distracted by the nearest girl. It annoyed him actually how unfocused Derrick was and made him wish for Collin back.
“Don’t do it.” Derrick says. “But it isn’t my fault they just jump me.” He takes a seat on the side of the coaches arm chair. “You should have seen this one girl.” Derrick says, sending Allen a smirk. He always thought of Allen as weak and useless to the pack. He didn’t understand why Gage cared enough to try and keep a friendship with him. Derrick’s sister was gone and the family was rejoicing, she was always a trouble maker. “Mackenzie.” Derrick says, he sees Allen’s hands turning into fist. “She was a screamer.” Allen doesn’t hesitate tackling Derrick to the ground.
“Don’t you ever talk about her.” Allen shouts, throwing punch after punch. “You don’t ever touch her, look at her, or even think about her. You bastard.” Derrick’s head was bouncing off the floor, but it didn’t matter he was unconscious not feeling it.
“Allen.” Gage says pulling Allen off of Derrick. “What is the matter? Who’s Mackenzie?” Allen just stares at him, trying to see if he fits the pieces together. Gage doesn’t.
“Mac is Mackenzie.” Allen says. “If you want to hang out we aren’t doing it here.” He leaves the house hurrying to his car.
Gage was furious, hearing that Mac has slept with Derrick. His wolf wanting to come out and kill Derrick, while at the same time going over to Mac and screaming at her until he found out the truth. But why he thought, it wasn’t his problem. Mac could do what she wants. He couldn’t help himself when he sends a kick to Derrick’s ribs before leaving the room.

“Where am I?” Mac asks, stumbling into the table, a guy helping her up.
“Sweet heart you took us here.” The guy said.
“Right, sorry been drinking for a while.” Mac says. 
“Who’s there?” Jason asks, holding a baseball back.
“Ya like a baseball bat could hurt me.” Mac says.
“Mac.” He drops it running up to her. She has been missing for a week and he could tell she was drinking the whole time.
“Jason, this is Cooper. My mate.” Mac says, Jason’s jaw dropping to the ground. He takes in the guy next to Mac, dark black hair followed with black eyes. His skin milky white, vampire Jason thought. “We met yesterday, and well we have been drinking since than.” Mac says.
“The bartender said you were drinking all week.” Cooper says.
“Right, okay, wait it’s been a week. Shit.” Mac says, laughing. 
“Isn’t she cute?” Cooper says, helping hold her up, he was enjoying the zaps coming from his fingers.
“How did you guys meet?” Jason asks. 
It was the day before, Mac was sitting at the bar drinking her troubles away. No matter how much she drank she wouldn’t get alcohol poisoning, she wasn’t sure if it was a good thing or not.
“Another shot.” Mac says, she looks up at the creamy white vampire bartender. Werewolves might not be able to drink but vampires sure can.
“Do you want blood in this one?” The bartender asks, he asks each time but knows the answer. Blood being added to the drink being a vampire delicacy. 
“No, just vodka.”  Mac slurs. He pours the shot, she doesn’t hesitate to feel the burn down her throat. “Yum, yum in my tum tum.” Mac says, hearing a chuckle from the bartender.
“Aren’t you the comedian.” The guy says from behind her, pressing his hand across her back. She feels the tingles go up her back. Gage she thought, but he wouldn’t be caught dead at a vampire bar. 
“I do what I can.” Mac says, turning to see the gorgeous guy in front of her. Vamp coming out and taking control, she can feel her fangs slid out of her gums.
“Mate.” He says, leaning in and whispering in her ear. Mac just smiles.
“Buy me a drink?” Mac says. He smiles bringing his face closer to hers. 
“I will get you whatever you want.” The guy says, he drags his fangs across her neck sending her up in shivers. 
“A drink to start.” Mac says. 
It wasn’t until ten minutes ago that he asked to see her place, them drinking and talking with some kissing the last twelve hours.
“Lovely story.” Jason says.
“What can I say it was love at first sight.” Cooper says, placing a small kiss on Mac’s lips. She feels her fangs nip onto his lip tasting the copper. Cooper is the first to pull away. “What I don’t get is why she is living with a bunch of werewolves.” He can smell them surrounding the place.
“It’s a long story, but it is mostly because he saved me and now we are best friends.” Mac says. 
“My apologizes if I seemed hostile, I’m just not use to werewolves.” Cooper says.
“It’s fine, now off to my room. I have to talk to Jason for a second.” Mac says, slapping Cooper’s ass. Cooper just smiles before running up the stairs.
“Didn’t tell him the whole truth.” Jason states, once Cooper is out of earshot.
“After the whole Gage incident you think I would. Plus we are so busy talking about other stuff. But I am off to bed.” Mac smiles, but runs up the stairs. “Oh right what I want to say.” She says from the top. “Thanks for being a good alpha this last week.” She then turns around entering her bedroom.
“Mac.” Cooper says.
“Yes?” Mac says, she goes up straddling his legs. 
“You are drunk.” Cooper says, he places small kisses on her neck.
“So are you.” Mac says, bringing his face up to meet her lips. 
“You aren’t what I thought you would be.” Derrick says. Mac is about to ask what he means when she can feel his fangs slid into her neck. It felt good, it wouldn’t help there hunger but it does boost their energy. 

“Mac your back.” Ethan says, jumping up on Mac’s back. “Why is there blood all over you, are you alright, what happened?” Ethan rushed out.
“Relax it is my blood, but also Coopers.” Mac says. Vampires have needs and a passion for blood, adding it to the bedroom only turns them on more. 
“What?” Ethan says. 
“Cooper is my mate, that’s all you get to know.” Mac says.
“Where is he?” Ethan asks, he was excited that Mac finally got her happy ever after. He was also happy to see her happy again.
“He had work this morning, I don’t know really were it is. But he works for something important.” Mac says. She looks around the kitchen finding Brad whispering into Jasmines ear. “I see I’m not the only one to find a mate.” Mac says.
“No and thank you so much for bringing her here.”  Brad says.
“How do you have two mates?” Jasmine asks.
“Um, it’s a long story? Wait how do you know I have two mates?” Mac says glaring at Brad. 
“She knew Gage was your mate way back when.” Jason says, coming into the kitchen grabbing coffee. 
“Thanks for telling me.” Mac says.
“Sorry, it wasn’t really my place.” Jasmine says, looking down at her cereal bowl. 
“It’s fine, now off to class all of you.” Mac says, gesturing to the door. 
“Gage is coming over today.” Allen says. Mac smiles at him.
“You don’t have to tell me when you have friends over, how exhausting would that be for me to keep track of everybody’s friend.” Mac says.
“So you’re okay with it?” Allen asks.
“I’m fine, I have Cooper. Now off you go.” Mac says, Allen being the last to leave. He jumps in the car joining the group they drop him off at his work on their way to school.
“Jason you met Cooper, tell us about him.” Allen says.
“I don’t know much about him, he doesn’t like werewolves and is Mac’s mate.” Jason says.
“I think it’s great, Mac always deserved a mate.” Jasmine says. Brad places a kiss on her cheek he loves how nice Jasmine is to Mac, he was worried at first she was like her family. He was also glad he got to drop her off to work as well as pick her up.
“Yes but isn’t she falling a little too fast. I mean she has known him for a day.” Allen says.
“It’s Mac, and Cooper isn’t Gage.” Ethan says.
“How would you know?” Allen asks.
“Because he has already shown feeling for Mac, Gage hasn’t.” Ethan says.
“Yes he has.” Allen says under his breath.

Chapter 27

Mac was feeling great and she decided to go for a run, it had been almost two months since the last time. The weather was still a little nippy, it being spring brought out the beautiful colors of the forest. She was running in wolf form, chasing the deer around but not catching them. Even War was happy about the new mate. Gage was pushed to the back of her mind. Cooper was perfect, he was sweet and kind. Plus she couldn’t believe how good the sex was. It had been almost two years and she was not disappointed when she came into that world again. 
“Mac, or should I say War.” Mac looks to side seeing Zane leaning against a tree. She changes back to human form, her hair long enough to cover her breast. She sniffs the air but doesn’t smell anything.
“Zane, how come I can’t smell you?” Mac asks.
“New invention, you were my muse for it.” Zane says. “Think fast.” Zane throws a knife it slicing into her arm. She feels the cut, but there is an extra substance that adds a burning sensation to the wound. She falls to the ground holding her arm. She pulls out the handle noticing that the blade melted into her arm. “Like it, the knife was covered in palladium when it touches vampire blood it melts. I thought it might hurt you, I know it hurts werewolves and vampires.” 
“That’s all you wanted, was to cut me?” Mac asks, hoping to not be kidnapped again. She would miss Cooper too much.
“Mostly yes, not to mention I also missed you. I see you don’t hang with that boy much anymore. I’m glad, if you were to continue that I might have to make him disappear.” Zane says.
“Can’t we just go back to the good old days were I was just a science experiment.” Mac says. The wound on her arm not healing, the blood dropping to the floor. 
“No.” Zane says, his tone getting angry. “I mean yes at first, I chose you because you were a female werewolf. But now, think, you lasted through all my experiments, how could I not grow to love you?” He has step closer to her. “The silver, the gold. You lasted.” He has his hand running through her hair, Mac tries to focus on her power but she couldn’t aim. The branches behind him go flying, but the pain distracted her too much for her to focus on hitting him. “You can regrow your bones, I can do anything to you and you would live through it. How could I not grow to love you?” Zane says again, he twirlers her hair around between his fingers. 
“I think obsessed is more the word not love.” Mac says, she can feel her wound start to heal. 
“Could be both,” Zane says. “Brody come and help me move Mac.” Mac looks behind Zane seeing Brody step out from behind a tree. Zane places a kiss on her cheek. “See you soon, I have errands to run.” Zane says, stepping away and leaving her alone with Brody.
“No Gage here to help you now.” Brody says stepping closer. Mac still didn’t have full control of her power, but she was able to move more branches around. 
“So you work for Zane?” Mac says. She was trying to distract him until her wound was healed and the pain subsided.
“He helps pay the bills.” Brody says, he has ropes in his hand. “I did miss you.” Brody says, Mac flinches back when his hand grazes her breast. “What he is allowed to touch you but I’m not?” Brody says, he back hands Mac, she falls to the floor. 
“He doesn’t molest me, he just plays with my hair.” Mac says getting up. “Why is it that every freak likes me?” She can Brody face contort to anger when she uses the word freak. 
“I am not a freak.” Brody says. 
“Sure.” Mac says.
“I am not, I love you because you’re beautiful, your perfect, and you have more power than anything on earth. A vampire werewolf, how could you not want such a fascinating object?” Brody says his eyes lighting up when talking about her.
“I’m not an object.” Mac says, she focuses, maybe one of her other powers could work. She focuses a small fire starting behind him.
“But you are, don’t you see. At first I was just a loser teacher then Zane came and found me. He taught me of the value of you and now I must have you.” Brody says, he charges towards her, but Mac sends a kick to his stomach. He steps into the fire it rising up his pants leg. He start to scream, but Mac has no sympathy. She feels the exhaustion from using her powers, and the pain from the wound. 
“Good bye Brody.” Mac says, taking a nearest branch and stabbing him through the heart. She teleports home landing on her bed, the wound still bleeding leaving a puddle on her bed. 
“Blake.” She shouts, knowing he is somewhere in the house. He comes running up, surprised to see a naked bleeding Mac on her bed. 
“What happened?” Blake asks.
“I finally got away from Zane, I need clothes.” Mac says, she sits up, but because of blood lost gets dizzy. “Just a bra and shorts would due.” He comes over helping her get dress, by the time the shorts are slipped on she slips into a heavy sleep.

“Hey.” Gage says, giving Allen a hug. It was awkward to say the least. “Um, hey so ya we just going to hang here?” He was looking around.
“What are you looking for?” Allen asks.
“Nothing, I was just trying to see the place.” Gage says. But truth was he was looking for Mac. 
“Okay.” Allen says, “Want a tour?” Gage nods his head following Allen into the living room. 
“Living room number one, there is another over on that side of the place, and a mini one downstairs in the basement.” Allen says, he shows the rest of the house including the bedrooms and who lives in them. Gage takes extra notice on which one was Mac’s. “And this is the best part of the tour.” Allen says, running up and grabbing Sydney in a hug. “Gage I would like you to meet my mate Sydney.” Gage brings out his hand giving it a shake. 
“So nice to meet you.” Gage says.
“I’ve heard a lot about you.” Sydney says, returning the shake. 
“Hope it isn’t all bad.” Gage says, giving off a small laugh. Knowing that most of the pack doesn’t like him. 
“Um, not all of it.” Sydney says smiling. “Have you told him?” Sydney asks Allen.
“Told me what?” Gage says.	
“I was getting to it, I was showing the best part first which is you.” Allen says placing a kiss on Sydney’s cheek. Gage and Sandy never really had those moments, and he knows he never looked at her that way. 
“So what are you telling me?” Gage says, bringing them out of there moment.
“I’m going to become pack doctor. Mac asked me to and after my year at werewolf school I will be going to University of Washington to train and learn.” Allen says. 
“Holey crap that’s great.” Gage says, giving his brother a hug this time not as awkward. “What brought this on?” 
“I was always helping out with the sick and Mac noticed, she decided it would be an honor for her for me to help out.” Allen says. “Me an honor.” 
“You deserve it bro.” Gage says, still regretting when he was omega. 
“We are all so proud of him.” Sydney says, giving him another kiss. Gage can’t help but feel a bit jealous. “Oh sweety I got to go, my training time is now.” She places one last kiss before leaving. “It was nice meeting you.” She said over her shoulder. 
“She is something isn’t she.” Allen says, watching his mate walk down the hall. “Come on, lets go down to the game room so I can whoop your ass in Halo.” Allen says. 
They end up playing three games before Gage throws the control in frustration. “How did you get so good at this?” Gage asks.
“Instead of doing all the chores in the house we split them up so I have a lot of free time here.” Allen says, turning the Xbox 360 off. 
“Sorry about that again.” Gage says, his anger turning into sadness.
“I don’t regret it.” Allen says, earning a surprised look from Gage. “You see if I never was the Omega Mac would have never saved me. I would of never left dad and I would never have met Sydney. It sucked for those four years of being Omega, but I’m happy now and that is what matters.” Allen says, Gage nods his head understanding what Allen is saying. “You staying for dinner?” Allen asks, noticing it is already six.
“Sure.” Gage says, getting up and following Allen out of the room. When he enters the dining room he notices that some of Alpha Brett old pack hangs out at this pack house as much as the next. The room goes quiet staring at Gage. “Hello.” Gage says, he grabs a plate throwing pasta onto it.
“What is he doing here?” Ethan asks glaring at Gage.
“Mac said it was okay, she wants me to get to know my brother.” Allen says, standing up for Gage.
“I lost my appetite.” Ethan says, throwing his plate in the trash a few follow him but the majority stay.
“So, how is the old bitch at home, I mean Mrs.” Collin says, earning a few laughs from the crowd. Gage looks over at him, he sees him at school but this was the first time Collin talked to him.
“Um, she’s fine. Actually she has been away with her family. They are so sad about Jasmine leaving them that they needed some peace and quiet.” Gage says. Jasmine starts laughing dropping her food on the floor.
“Sorry, but did you say sad.” Jasmine says through laughs.
“Yes that’s what Sandy said, they went to Hawaii or something.” Gage says. 
“They are not sad, talk about the happiest time of their life.” Jasmine says. 
“I would be sad.” Brad says, giving her a kiss. 
“Yes but that is because you are a good person.” Jasmine says, kissing him back. Gage doesn’t bother to correct her, he had gotten use to people talking bad about Sandy and her family.
“So how is the pack running?” Gage asks changing the subject.
“Great.” Everybody in the group says.
“But I thought she disappeared for a few days?” Gage asks.
“Yes but we have a protocol when stuff like that happens so nothing goes wrong with the pack.” Jason says. 
“Oh that’s fortunate, is she back yet?” Gage asks. 
“Yes, she got back last night.” Jason says.
“Oh that reminds me, some stuff went down today, Jason your Alpha until tomorrow.” Blake says, earning confused looks from the group.
“What?” Jason asks, he starts heading up the stairs. 
“She’s asleep, maybe later.” Blake says, stopping Jason. He nods his head heading in the other direction to his room.
“Is she okay?” Gage asks.
“Yes, just a bit hurt.” Blake says, the majority of the pack is done with dinner and is throwing their plates away. 
“Want to play some more games, or do you need to head home?” Allen asks. 
“I can play for a little while; let me just go to the bathroom.” Gage says. Allen heads off going to the game room. 
Gage is left alone in the dining room, he doesn’t need to go to the bathroom but wants to check in on Mac. 
He walks up the stairs, making sure nobody sees him, he remembers her room and goes directly to it not running into anybody in the pack. He slowly opens the door, hearing her light breathing. Her hair is sprawled over her back her stomach laying against the mattress. He shuts the door behind him, barely making a sound. He can see a white gauze covering her arm a red circle in the middle. It was laying in the middle of the bed and he couldn’t help himself from going over to it and looking at it. He just barely sits on the bed, Mac stirs a bit but doesn’t wake up. He hadn’t been this close to her in a long time and he can’t help but take her in. Her hair not the usual red but a brown, that falls to the middle of her back. He looks over her back, he has seen it before and it was perfect, not a scratch in site, but that wasn’t what was displayed to him now. There were three long scratch marks starting from her shoulder blade down to her opposite hip. On the other hip, teeth marks that left scars. He moves her hair to the side, she moves bringing herself closer to him. He takes in a deep breath, smelling pears all around him. He missed her smell. He would eat a pear every morning just to be reminded of it. Her shoulder is on displayed showing off her Alpha mark, it was darker than most. Telling him that she was strong. Next to it was some letters, he traces it with his finger. “Zane.” It spells. He couldn’t help but be jealous of this Zane person. They must have been so close that she wanted him permanently on her body for life.  A small growl comes from his lips. 
Mac wakes up hearing the growl, she grabs the knife from under her pillow pinning the intruder to the bed, the knife pressed against his neck. 
Gage was surprised, her blue eyes still remain, and they were on fire. Her hair swept to the side, but not the side he just saw, the other side. On the side of her neck it look like someone clawed at it leaving it in scars. He brings his hand up, ignoring the knife pressing against his neck. Brushing his fingers against the scar, but him and Mac shiver when he connects with it. 
“What are you doing here?” Mac asks.
“They said you were hurt, I was worried.” Gage says, he notices that Mac is only in a bra and is straddling him the bed. His little friend stands to attention, she hasn’t removed the knife but he can’t help but be turned on. She looks down at his lower section feeling the boner against her thigh. She removes the knife rolling to her side getting off the bed. He feels the places she was just touching, it still scorching were she touched. 
“I’m fine.” Mac says, she goes to her drawers throwing a robe on. “No need to worry.” She may love Cooper but a part of her still cared about Gage. She still felt heat rushing through her, and the gentleness of his touch against her mark sent her body on fire.
“Of course you are.” Gage says, sitting up on the bed. “Why can’t you just tell me what’s wrong.” 
“I don’t know, maybe because a month ago you tried to kill me.” Mac says, again referring to him biting another girl.
“I wasn’t trying to kill you, I would never have taken it that far.” Gage says, refereeing to the fight.
“You know what Gage, I’m not going to fight about this. You’re an Alpha, I’m an Alpha. Let’s agree to be friends, or mutual parties or something. It would make both our lives easier.” Mac steps forward, her robes falls a bit.
“Where did the scar go?” Gage asks, noticing that her skin was yet again perfect.
“What scar?” Mac asks, playing off as dumb.
“The scar were somebody is supposed to mark you, it was scratched up and now it is gone.” Gage says, he runs his hands over the mark again, sending shivers through both of them.
“There is no mark see,” Mac say pulling down her robe. 
“There was, I felt it.” Gage says, not letting up. 
“Fine,” She wanders to the bathroom acting like she is cleaning off the spot and the scar shows again. “There it is out in the open happy.” Mac says walking back in the room. She doesn’t bother to hide any of her scars all of them on display. She leaves her robe open this time, letting Gage see the front ones now. He notices the teeth marks on the side, scared over, or the few claw marks on her stomach. 
“What happened?” Gage asks, stepping forward tracing the marks.
“It’s a long story.” Mac pushes his hand away covering herself with the robe now. 
“At least tell me about the mark spot.” Gage says. 
“My mate rejected me, chose another. What more is there to say?” Mac says, looking at the ground. She felt the pain before, but saying it in front of Gage was the tipping point. Tears started water falling down her face, Gage pulls her in, stroking her hair. 
“I’m so sorry Mac.” Gage says. Mac wants to believe that he was saying sorry for rejecting her but she knew the truth was that he was sorry for her situation. He still had no clue.
“Go away Gage.” Mac says, pushing him away. 
“No, you said you wanted to be friends and this is what friends do.” Gage says, pulling her closer. She didn’t have the energy to push him away. The day was tiring and she was tired of fighting him. She just let him hold her for the time while she let the tears fall.

Gage was over all the time now, Mac would go to her office not wanting a repeat of their moment but Gage always found a way to find her. 
“Hey.” Gage says. He had just left Allen’s room although Mac was sure Allen was at work.
“Hey.” Mac says, walking to the front door. 
“Where you off to?” Gage says, although he notices Mac in a robe, so he knows she isn’t heading far.
“Just answering the door.” Mac says, she opens it revealing Cooper. 
“Hey princess.” Cooper says, bringing Mac into to a deep kiss. Gage growls smelling the vampire stench coming off of him. Cooper breaks the kiss keeping Mac close to him. “Who are you?” Cooper asks.
“This is Allen’s brother Gage.” Mac says, not making eye contact with either. 
“Vampire.” Gage says. “Let her go.” He was barely keeping his wolf in control.
“She’s mine, I can hold her if I want to.” Cooper says. He places a small kiss on Mac’s cheek, he is a bit taller than her so he has to lean down to this losing enough grip that Gage can pull her away.
“She isn’t yours.” Gage says. Cooper starts to laugh. 
“But she is,” Cooper says, pulling on the other side of Mac. 
“Let her go.” Gage says, Mac can feel his claws coming out. They don’t scratch her but graze against her skin.
“Alright that is enough.” Mac says, pushing them both away from her. 
“How could you be with him?” Gage says. “I know you’re sad but a vampire isn’t the way to go. He will kill you.” 
“I highly doubt that, and what Gage do you expect me to be alone forever. I love Cooper and he loves me.” Mac says, Cooper sending a smirk towards Gage.
“But what about your mate?” Gage says, only loud enough for Mac.
“Cooper is mine, and I am his.” Mac says looking at the ground. “What are you even doing here, Allen isn’t even here right now?” Mac says.
“But the other day.” Gage says.
“I was sad, weak, and hurt. Something I don’t plan on being for a long time.” Mac says. “Please Gage, just go home.” Mac doesn’t wait just pulls Cooper behind her up to her room.
“What’s up with the asshole?” Cooper says, sitting on the bed.
“He is just protective, he was there when I went missing a couple months ago so he worries.” Mac says.
“I can’t believe Zane took you for a month.” Cooper says, Mac turns to him thinking through their conversation. She doesn’t remember telling him about Zane. She did say she was gone for a month but she never tells people Zane’s name. 
“Ya, it sucked but it was whatever.” Mac says, sliding in bed next to him. “Can we just not talk about him right now?”
“Of course sweety,” Cooper says, he leans down pressing kisses to her. “I love you.” Mac smiles. 
“I love you to.” Mac says, deepening the kiss.

Chapter 28

“Come on.” Cooper says pulling Mac with him.
“Where are we going?” Mac says, Cooper has been dragging her along all night.
“I just want you to meet my friends. I know you love the werewolves but I think it is just because you haven’t met that many vampires yet.” Cooper says.
“Okay.” Mac says, not dragging her feet so much. Truth was the only reason she was dragging her feet was because she had a tone of alpha duties to do. Paperwork, patrolling, and so much more, there was barely an hour of the day for free time.  “So tell me about them.” Mac says.
“There is Zed, Blane, and Walter. They are all awesome, we have been hanging for the last hundred years.” Cooper says.
“How old are you?” Mac asks, she never realized how old Cooper was, he only looks twenty five. 
“That isn’t important, lets just say I enjoyed the Victorian age a lot.” Cooper says. “Anyways then there is Victoria, Zed’s mate,  Camille, and Alice who is DeGray’s mate.” 
“DeGray?” Mac asks, she had never heard of these people before. Normally Cooper would just talk about himself. For example she knew his favorite color is red, which fits perfectly because he drives a Ferrari. He has gone on about how he bought the Ferrari in the 80’s from a place in Bozeman Montana, a guy losing all his money to gambling sold it to him. But anything about his friends didn’t come up.
“Yes he is the coven leader.” Cooper says, like it is no big deal. Mac knows that covens aren’t like packs. Covens have one leader and no matter what you follow him to every order, it is like all the followers were omegas. 
“You’re in a coven?” Mac asks, surprised. She was sure he never mentioned that.
“It is common for a vampire to be in coven. Don’t worry we aren’t like most covens, DeGray is more of a friend then a leader.” Cooper says, he takes Mac hand holding it drawing little circles trying to calm her down. “Maybe you can meet the group and then judge them.” Cooper says.
“I’m not judging.” Mac says, she looks up at the bar she was at a week ago. It seemed different this time, for one she was sober. But also it had this vibe, it felt like it was drawing her in. 
“Sure you aren’t” Cooper says, he notices how Mac’s eyes have not looked away from the bar. “The vampire world is much different than the werewolf world.” Cooper whispers into Mac’s world. 
They enter the bar feeling the vibration of the speakers through the floor. Lights shined around the room, painting the wall with colors. It was beautiful, and exactly what Mac loved, wild and free. 
Cooper grabs Mac’s hand pulling her along to the VIP section of the room, last time she wasn’t able to get in. Although she was so drunk she didn’t even try.  
“Group, meet Mac.” Cooper says, he takes a place next to a girl. Her light blonde hair falling to her hip, it was silky smooth, her skin blending in behind it. Mac takes a seat next to Cooper taking in the rest of the group. They were all perfect, down to the last angels of their cheek bones. Cooper still stood out to her, but that is because they were mates. If he wasn’t she wouldn’t know who was most beautiful. All have a pretty model look to them, and the grace of their movements only added to their beauty. She makes a small wave towards them, feeling a bit left out by her looks.
“So this is the famous Mac.” One of the guys says. He has black hair, with white skin, and the beauty of a god. Mac notices the vampires are more glamor than werewolves, who are more rugged.
“This is Zed.” Cooper whispers in Mac’s ear.
“I don’t know if I’m famous.” Mac says.
“Sure you are, all Cooper talks about is you.” Zed says, he brings the red cup up to his lips. Mac can tell by the think liquid swishing around the glass that it is blood.  “Where are my manners, want some?” Zed says, putting the glass in front of Mac.
“I don’t drink human.” Mac says, getting surprised looks from all.
“Strange,” Zed says, looking down at Mac.
“She can stay strong without human blood.” Cooper says, he has placed his arm around Mac shoulder, an unconscious protecting move that he didn’t notice, but Mac did.
“Yes, but is she vampire strong.” Walter asks. In Mac’s mind he looks almost identical to Zed, maybe they are twins. But for a vampire to change both family members is rare or to give birth to more than one kid is also rare.
“Yes.” Mac says. 
“Prove it.” Walter says. Cooper is running his fingers up and down Mac’s arm, trying to calm Mac down, but she was fine with this. She was use to people challenging her.
“Stop being such an ass.” Cooper says.
“It’s fine, your friends want to accept me because of my strength that’s fine.” Mac says. “How do you want me to prove it?” Walter smirks at this.
“A Fight.” Walter says.
“You aren’t fighting my girlfriend.” Cooper says, he has Mac snuggled to his side not liking where this was going. Mac couldn’t help the blush roll onto her cheeks when he says girlfriend. Mate they have said before, but he has never declared her his girlfriend before.
“She blushes.” Blane says, “Odd.” It was true, blood didn’t pump through vampire veins, so a normal vampire wouldn’t blush. But Mac was part werewolf and they did. Blane looked different than his friends, his hair was silky blonde like the girl sitting next to Cooper, his lips huge covering his face. He remaindered her of Eddy the human from the beginning of the year.
“It is because of my eating animals that I can.” Mac says, even though it is a lie.
“Strange,” Walter says but shrugs it off believing her. “So was that a yes or no on the fight?” 
“No.” Cooper says, as the same time Mac says “Yes.” 
“Going to let him control you.” Zed says.
“Not at all, lets fight.” Mac says, she stands up heading to the ally in the back.
“I like her.” The blonde girl says to Cooper, Blane nodding along.
“So what are the rules?” Mac asks.
“Rules?” Walter says, he throws his coat off to the side.
“Yes, I normally fight with the rule no eye gouging or killing, rest is fair game.” Mac says, she has skinny jeans on with a flowing top that shows off her stomach. Her powers making sure that her scars don’t show, Cooper has still yet to see them. 
“I like the rules, no eye gouging or killing all else is allowed.” Walter says, he is rolling up his blue collared shirt sleeves. 
“Lets have some fun.” Mac says, she lets her eyes go pure black and her fangs slide out. What Cooper knows about her is that she can teleport so that is the only power she can use out in the open.
“Let’s.” Walter says, letting his eyes contort to all black and his fangs displayed. 
Mac just stands there waiting for Walter to hit first, he smiles before lunging at her. Unlike werewolves, vampires have extremely fast speed. Mac sees a blur before shoved into a wall.
“It has been a while since I fought a vampire.” Mac says. She flicks the piece of brick that stayed on her elbow. 
“Want to stop.” Walter says.
“Not at all.” Mac says, she teleports behind him, sending a kick to his lower back. He flies into the wall this time cracking it. He lays there closing his eyes.  “Give up?” Mac asks.
“Nope.” Walter says, but it isn’t exactly Walter. There is one Walter on the floor while the other is standing three feet from him. Walter clone steps forward kicking Mac but she blocks it, sending a kick to the clones head. Real Walter has stood up taking his time to join the fight.  Clone stumbles but stands back up sending a few kicks and punches towards Mac.
“If I kill the clone do you die?” Mac says, blocking most of the punches.
“I don’t know, nobody has ever been able to kill him before.” Walter says, leaning against the wall.
“Guess we can try it out.” Mac says, she teleports to the side, missing a kick to the head by a few centimeters. She lands next to a chair, picking it up and bashing it against the wall. The leg piece breaking off into a steak. 
“If you can get to me.” Walter says, he steps forward, kicking Mac she hits the wall, but catches her balance.
“I would stay out unless you want to die.” Mac says, she knew who the clone was though. But it would have been fun to scare him.
“I doubt you can stab me.” Walter says. He is to Mac’s left while the clone is to the right. Both sending punches and kicks towards her. She can block most, but occasionally she gets a kick to the stomach or a punch to the face. She can feel her skin snap, a cut opening up on her cheek, but she wasn’t worried it would be healed soon.
“Stop okay, she has lasted this long.” Cooper says, Zed and Blane are holding him back. Small tears running down his face for not helping his mate. 
“She can do this.” The blond girl says.
“Alice shut up.” Cooper says, talking to the blonde girl. She does not look happy being talked that way. Being the Coven leader’s mate means she deserves respect.
“Let her continue, hold him back.” Alice says. Mac has not taken noticed of them, fighting off the Walters was making her tired, she had to get rid of the clone. She sends a punch to Walters face, knocking him back, she spins taking the steak to the Walters heart. At first she sees the look of worry and pain on his face. She was worried she got the wrong Walter. He turns to ash with the steak still being held in her hand.
“You could have killed me.” Mac hears from behind.
“Oh thank god, I thought I killed you.” Mac says to Walter he looks surprised by her. “What?” She looks at the group and all have a surprised look on their face.
“You said” Zed try to say the word but stumbled over it, a gargling sound coming out of his mouth. Cooper was let go and he ran up to Mac placing his head into her shoulder. He could feel her breath and feel her coldness under his skin and it was help calming the beast within.
“What word?” Mac says, she is surprised she places her arms around Cooper before he moves to hold her from behind and she can talk. Walter seems to have stopped fighting even though the fight isn’t really over.
“God.” Alice says using a duhh tone.
“What about it?” Mac asks, confused by the whole situation. 
“Vampires can’t use his name, them being damn. Only the old ones have learned after many years to say the word. But it can’t have a meaning behind it still. But yet you aren’t an old one and you can say it, strange.” Alice says, looking at Mac with a new found proudness.
“I’ve never had a problem with the word.” Mac says, speaking the truth. “Plus you can say it are you an old one.” 
“Very old and I just learned.” Alice says. “You are different, but in a good way. She will become one of us.” 
“Thanks but I’m not joining a coven anytime soon.” Mac says, especially if she isn’t the leader of one.
Alice laughed, it was icy laugh that Mac could feel in her heart. “You can join us but not the coven, but you will see the benefits of the coven one day. For now it is fine, you are just one of us.” Alice says.
Mac wasn’t enjoying the way Alice was looking at her. “You were great.” Cooper whispers into her ear, placing a small kiss below her earlobe.
“Animal blood does keep a person strong.” Zed says, surprised.
“Told you it does.” Mac says, they head back into the club ready to start the night.

Chapter 29

“I like Cooper.” Allen says over breakfast.
“It only took you a month.” Jason says. Mac had Cooper over all the time, the pack slowly warming up to him. He would go to work but comeback to Mac’s group. He was practically living there and nobody had a problem with it, except Gage. 
“I hate him.” Gage says.
“We are not surprised, but on the count you don’t live here. Who cares?” Trent says. He grabs the apple out of Gage’s hand. Gage had been practically been living there as well. Allen set up a guest room across the hall just for Gage.
“You don’t live here?” Brad says, Jasmine confused as well.
“Why are you here so often?” Ethan asks, he has yet to like Gage again.
“I’m trying to become brothers again with Allen.” Gage says.
“Didn’t that happen, can’t you leave now.” Ethan says.
“I have forgiven you and I do consider you a brother. Don’t get me wrong I love having you here, but why are you here so much?” Allen asks.
“I like it here okay.” Gage says.
“Is Sandy back?” Susie asks, she has found her mate among Brett’s pack and moved into his house with him.
“Yes.” Gage says. “She has been back for weeks.” 
“And yet you are still here all the time.” Ethan says.
“What is your problem?” Gage says, getting angry with Ethan’s tone.
“You, you are my problem.” Ethan says, he throws his plate, Gage moves his head just in time. “Just leave, it would be best for everybody.”
“What is going on in here?” Mac says, looking down at the shattered plate. Cooper following behind her with no shirt on. Gage wasn’t happy the way Cooper placed his hands across Mac’s waist while she grabbed her food.
“Sorry.” Ethan says, “But I can’t stand him.” Ethan glares at Gage.
“I didn’t do anything to him.” Gage says.
“How could you let him stay here, be here all the time after everything he has done to you?” Ethan shouts.
“I apologized.” Gage shouts.
“Sure you did, I doubt for everything.” Ethan says.
“Enough.” Mac says. “Ethan, Gage is Allen’s brother so he has every right to be here. Gage, stay away from Ethan.” 
“I didn’t do anything.” Gage says.
“I don’t care, stay away.” Mac says. 
“Fine.” Gage says. He watches Mac go up, giving a small kiss on Coopers lips. He hates that guy, but he doesn’t know why. 
“Have fun at work.” Mac says, following him to the front door. She picks up his fallen shirt on the ground. What can she say, it didn’t start in her bedroom, giving it to him. 
“Miss you.” Cooper says, placing another kiss on her lips. Throwing on his shirt afterwards.
“Miss you to.” Mac says.
“Remember I will be away for a little while, but as soon as I’m free I will be back for you.” Cooper said loud enough the rest of the room hears him. Gage giving off a little smile at him being gone. “I love you.” Cooper says, Gage doesn’t notice but he is gripping the table, leaving small cracks in it.
“Love you to.” Mac says, closing the door. She hears a cracking sound and looks to find that Gage has torn a piece of the table off. “Nice.” Mac says.
Ethan starts laughing. “Angry?” 
“Ethan.” Mac says in a stern tone, he settles down from laughing but continues to keep smiling. 
“Mac, there is trouble on the north side.” Jason says, running into the room.
“How bad?” Mac says.
“Bad, ten of our men are down and more rogues keep coming.” Jason says. Mac nods her head heading out the door. 
“You can’t go alone.” Gage says, looking at the table that isn’t moving to help.
“I will be fine.” Mac says over her shoulder. Gage rushes out the door to find her nowhere in sight. He starts running to the north end finding a bunch of fallen wolves on the ground. “Mac.” He shouts, tackling her to the ground before a wolf bites her.
“What are you doing here?” Mac asks. She pushes him off of her, taking out a wolf on the side. He looks around, there are about thirty wolves, ten of them already taken out but it was only Mac fighting.
“I’m here to help.” Gage says, taking a wolf out. 
“Leave now.” Mac says.
“No, you need help.” Gage says, both of them sending kicks and punches everywhere most of the time making contact with the rogues. They both here a laugh off to the side, he can see Mac tense up but continue to fight. 
“Seriously, leave.” Mac says, she shoves him, but he finds his balance. They are down to the last five wolves. 
“I won’t leave you.” Gage says.
“How sweet.” Zane says, but Gage has no clue who the guy is. 
“Figured you be back.” Mac says, she knocks out the last wolf. 
“I don’t like him.” Zane says, Gage just looks up at the silver guy.
“I know, but he is just leaving.” Mac says.
“I don’t think so.” Zane pulls out a gun.
“Zane.” Mac says. Gage remembers the name, it is burned onto Mac’s back. This is the guy she distorted her body for. Gage hated the way they were looking at each other. It seemed as nothing in the world would bring Mac’s eyes away from Zane’s.
“I’m sorry,” Zane starts to laugh. “But not really.” He fires off the gun towards Gage. He sees it is wolfs bane bullet one of the deadliest thing to a wolf. It is different than a normal bullet it takes a certain blue metal to hold wolfs bane.
 The bullet was flying right towards him, but then he sees brown and blue. It is Mac facing his way the bullet lodged into her back. 
“Leave Gage, run.” Mac says, he was in shock how is she still standing wolfs bane was supposed to knock a shifter or wolf out right away. “Gage” Mac screams, bringing him out of shock. “Run.” He sees Zane has moved to the side trying to fire another shot at him. Mac hears the bang and knows to step to the side, blocking Gage from getting hit.
“I will not leave you.” Gage says. He grabs on to her arms, pulling her to him.
“But you won’t make it through this.” Mac says, tears running down her face. He didn’t know how she was still holding on, but she was. 
“We will make it through this.” Gage says, he sees another bullet land in Mac’s back and she starts to drop to the ground. 
“Please, run.” Mac says before her eyes close.
“How touching, I do hope three of my bullets didn’t kill her.” Zane says looking down at her. “You know, I was going to kill you, but I think I can use you.” Zane lifts the gun up shooting Gage in the chest with wolfs bane. All goes black in seconds for him. 

Chapter 30
“Gage.” Mac says once she wakes up. Her back is already healing but the blood still leaves a scent in the air. Gage was on the side of her still knocked out, his arms chained to the wall while his legs were chained in a V formation on the ground. Mac was the same way, except her chains weren’t made of silver, instead of palladium, she could feel the sting of the chains. The room was white, with a silver tray table to the left, she could see the bags of blood and of liquid silver covering the table along with needles. It was a new place and much more modern than the last and more expensive. She tries to remove her chains, but her powers aren’t working. They aren’t dead, she can barely feel the stirring of War and Vamp. Both in the back of her mind wanting to come out but the wolfs bane keeping them at bay. She looks down at her brown hair, it had grown going past her mid-section and reaching her hip there was dirt and mud held in it. All her powers have stop, even the illusion could not stick, her eyes going to the human blue green. 
“You’re finally awake.” Zane says walking in the room. “Good, it is about time. It has been a couple of hours.” 
“What do you want?” Mac says, she was glad Gage wasn’t awake, the longer he slept the less pain he would feel.
“You ask me that every time, I think it is obvious now what I want.” Zane says.
“Okay, you want me for experiments, I get that. What do you want with Gage?” Mac asks. He is sleeping and by his face Mac can tell he can feel the sting of the chains.
“I don’t really want him, I was going to kill him. But then I thought, I could use him. You have always been against my experiments. Screaming and kicking when I put the silver in. With the gold you kept breaking the needle when it was put into your arm. The fact you kept trying to tip over the chair and bite me when I was testing your healing powers was just plain annoying and last time, killing Brody and running away, that last one disappointed me. But he was a worthless assistant, he just couldn’t do anything right and then his fascination with you. I guess you saved me from killing him, because as soon as I got you he was going to die anyways.” Zane says, he breaks the bag of blood he was holding, it staining the white floor. He leaves it there, picking up the next one inserting the needle, he walks over to Gage inserting it in his arm. Gage flinches a bit but doesn’t wake up. “All I ever wanted was you to help me experiment. But you fought and fought and fought. So when I was shooting at Gage and you kept stepping in the way, the idea popped into my mind. You care for him, enough to risk your life. You do realize the power you gave me when you took the bullets right” Zane finishes going back to sitting in front of Mac. 
“I don’t care.” Mac says, bluffing.
“Oh I was hoping you would say that.” Zane says, he stands up heading over to the bags. Breaking open the silver, he has his gloves on making him impervious to pain. He displays his hand, the silver dropping down to the table, he walks over to Gage flicking the silver at him. Gage starts screaming struggling against the chains. His eyes are closed and he has yet to wake up, but he could still feel the pain. He keeps flicking, Mac hearing the screams of Gage caused her fist to tighten. “I can do this all day.” Zane says, he goes over adding more silver to his glove. He throws a handful at Gage it splattering on his face. Gage starts to scream bloody murder.
“Stop. Okay stop, you made your point I care.” Mac says, tears start to fall to the ground. 
“A lot more than I thought.” Zane says, he has pulled off his glove throwing it in the trash. 
“What do you want me to do?” Mac says. She straightens herself out staring Zane in the eye.
“I want silver hair.” Zane says, he comes to sit next to her between Gage. He was still passed out and Mac was thankful for that. Zane picks up her hair twirling it like it is the most natural thing in the world. 
“I can’t.” Mac says, pulling her head away so her hair would fall from his hand.
“I know you can.” Zane says, grabbing her face and bringing her face to look at him.
“I don’t have my power now, too much wolfs bane.” Mac says, that reminds her, she was glad to see no bag hooked up to Gages arm. 
“Oh him, he doesn’t need wolfs bane,” Zane says reading her mind, “he doesn’t have your powers. But really you don’t have any power?” Zane says, his face dropping when Mac shakes her head. “We will think of another way.” Zane says standing up. “I will go to my new assistant, he is quiet great. Knows a lot.” Zane says leaving the room.
Mac looks over at Gage, the places where the silver land pierced with small blood drops. “You should have run.” Mac says to herself, the empty room feeling lonely with Gage asleep. She looks over to the side watching the blood drip off the table onto the floor. She can feel the sting of the chains, she pulls against them but pain just shoots down her arm. She bites down on her lip to stop her from screaming. 
“I would stop that, if you remember it only causes more pain when you start bleeding” Zane says then he starts laughing. “It would melt, if the wolfs bane didn’t keep your vampire blood at bay.” 
“I noticed.” Mac says, she does rest her hands so they barley touch the chains. 
“What’s going on?” Gage says, he moves his head from side to side. He whines a bit feeling the pain of the silver.
“Gage.” Mac says, his head bolts up staring at Mac. Relief washed through his eyes soon replaced with worried.
“Are you okay?” Gage asks worried. He pulls against the chains, a whimper coming out of him from the pain. 
“Stop it’s silver.” Mac says he stops pulling against the chains. Mac relaxing because of this. “I’m fine.” Both couldn’t look away, fearing that if they did the other would disappear. 
“Silver?” He moves his hands to be barely touching the chains, he looks at Mac’s hands, a bit of blood running down her arm. “Your wrist, there bleeding, is the silver burning you?” Gage asks.
“Please stop with the worried looks.” Zane says, glaring at Gage. He is standing on the side of the room next to the trays. Mac almost forgot about him, too concerned about Gage. “Besides it isn’t silver.” Gage’s face relaxes. “It’s palladium.” Zane finishes. 
“I’m fine.” Mac says, helping Gage’s confused face.
“Are you numb?” Zane asks. “Because if you aren’t then you aren’t fine.” He has a smirk on his face. “Let’s test it.” He pulls Mac’s arm forward and she feels the burn cutting into her wrist. She holds the scream for a second before it comes out, shocking herself on how loud it is. The burn scorching deep into her arm, she could feel when the palladium burns down to the bone. 
“Stop, please. Do whatever you want to me, just please stop.” Gage says, tears running down his face from seeing Mac in pain. Zane drops her arm, blood falling down staining her tank top. 
“I don’t want anything from you.” Zane laughs, Mac’s head drops she just wants to embrace the darkness it would make the pain go away. “Mac.” Zane shouts pulling her head up. She has her eyes barely open tears falling down, he lets go of chin letting her head drop again. “Well she is what I want and I will use you to get that.” Zane says. Gage has a confused look.
“What, why?” Gage asks, his wrist are starting to numb feeling lest pain by the minute.
“At first I was going to give up on her, she lasted so much but then he told me all about how experimenting on her would benefit the world.” Zane says.
“Who’s he?” Gage asks. 
Zane starts to laugh. “I’m surprised you don’t know, but he did say to never say his name. Probably for the best.” Zane sits next to Mac, twirling her hair again. He moves his hand down to her necklace for a second it burning him with the silver surrounding the stone. Interested by it, he wasn’t use to her wearing it and was surprised that she was wearing it now. He knew it was from the Alpha she killed, and because of that, he thought she wouldn’t wear it. Yet here she was wearing it, it did match her jeans he noticed.  He moves his hand back to twirling her hair, the silky smooth helping his burnt hand. She doesn’t move, passed out from the pain. “I love her you know.” Zane says talking mostly to himself. “I was going to capture her and keep her with me. Not experiment with her anymore. But he made me see, how great she would become if I continued and that is what I always wanted.” Zane takes his hand bringing it up to her hair stroking it. “I will make her better.”
“You will destroy her,” Gage says. He couldn’t drag his eyes away from Mac’s passed out form.
“I will make her better, he promised me that.” Zane says. He looks down at Mac giving her a kiss on the cheek. “Guess she can’t help me right now.” Zane leaves the room. 
“Mac.” Gage says, but she doesn’t stir. He doesn’t notice that he brought his arms forward burning against the chains. He wanted to get to her, to comfort her.
“Stop.” Mac says above a whisper, she can smell the burning of his flesh, it was waking her up.
“Are you okay?” Gage asks. Mac brings her head up facing Gage, sending him a small smile. Her face caked with tears and the dripping of the blood from her wrist. It wasn’t her prettiest moment but Gage still couldn’t look away.
“You need to stop asking me that.” Mac says. “I will be fine, every time you ask.” She leans back against the wall, still facing Gage. “It is only a month, we will be fine.” Mac says.
“He is the one to kidnap you before?” Gage asks.
“Yes, every time he is the one to kidnap me.” Mac she looks at him, blood was covering most of his body the silver burns and the wrist burns dripping blood. “I will get you out of here alive.” Mac promises, mostly to herself.

“Why isn’t she back yet?” Jason asks, it has been a couple of hours and there was no sign of Gage or Mac.
“Maybe Gage got hurt.” Ethan says, a small smile on his face.
“Don’t be happy about that.” Allen says. “He’s my brother.” 
“Crappy brother at that.” Ethan says mostly to himself, but Allen still heard.
“He has changed.” Allen says, getting a little angry.
“Yes and who do you think was the reason that he has. Who came into his life recently making him a better person and yet he broke her.” Ethan stands up storming out of the room. Allen tries to follow but it is Jason who stops him.
“Let him cool off. He had a bad past just like you and it was Mac who saved him. He believes he owes her his life even if she won’t take it.” Jason says.  Allen nods his head taking his seat back.
“She isn’t answering.” Ethan says running back in.
“Do you think we haven’t tried that before?” Trent says in a duhh tone.
“But still, she never does not answer.” Ethan says. “Maybe we should go and check out the area, our wolves haven’t come back anyways.” 
“I’ll come.” A bunch of the group agrees. They wander into the woods, listening for fighting sound but only hearing the sounds of the forest. 
“It was in the north.” Jason says taking the lead. He steps into the clearing where the fight was supposed to take place. 
“I don’t see any…” Trent is caught off by his own scream, he has tripped over one of the wolves. “Thing.” He finishes on the ground.
“Who is it?” Justin asks, thanks to werewolf sight being enhanced they don’t need flashlights although there eye sight isn’t as perfect as it is during the day. Trent looks down at the wolf, it is one of theirs.
“Dan.” Trent says, he brings his hand next to his muzzle. “He is just knocked out.” The rest of the group looks at the ground checking each wolf for life. All being fine just knocked out.
“None are Mac.” Ethan says, looking them all over.
“I found a bullet casing.” Katie says, running over with it in her hand.
“Wolfs bane.” Jason says, seeing the shine of the blue off the moonlight. “Zane.” 
“Gage isn’t here.” Allen says.
“Who cares about Gage, Mac is gone again.” Ethan says. “Your brother could be dead and I wouldn’t give a shit. Do you even care about Mac?” Allen runs over pushing Ethan against a tree, pressing his forearm into his throat.
“Don’t you ever think I don’t care about Mac. She saved me just like she saved you and I care. But I also care about my brother. You don’t know what my father is like and how we were taught about life and Gage has changed. You may not see it but I do. So don’t give me shit if I’m worried about my brother. He is more likely to die than Mac anyways.” Allen says, he pushes away from Ethan his hands in fist.
“Alright, that’s enough.” Jason says, his fist tightens around the bullet case. “You know how the plan works, although Collin I think it’s best if you go over to Gage’s pack and tell them what happened. God Derrick’s in charge this can’t be a good month.” The group nods there head following Jason out of the forest.

“Mac.” Zane says, lifting her chin up to face him. “Time to wake up.” It had been a couple of days, the blood has dried, but Mac’s wrist have not healed. The chains causing more burns on her arm every day.
“What?” Mac says, she was tired, he has kept her up most nights running through his ideas of how to change her hair and wanting her opinion on it. Whenever she would try to sleep he would sprinkle silver on Gage. His screams would wake her up. Most of his skin has burned, but because he was a werewolf it would heal by the end of the day. Zane did rip his shirt apart so that he would be able to burn Gage’s chest, thinking that the face shouldn’t be the only part of the body feeling pain.
“Wake up or somebody gets sprinkled.” Zane says. She looks over at Gage he is asleep which Mac was thankful for.
“I’m awake.” Mac says, Zane smiles coming over to her.
“Good, my assistant had an idea. He was going over my old notes about you and came up with the idea. I do think it could work.” Zane says, he is coming over to her with a cup. “Drink it.” Mac looks at the cup, the cup was filled with silver, she wasn’t sure she could take that much.
“Is that pure silver?” Mac asks.
“Yes, now drink it.” Zane says. Mac shakes her head, he brings the cup up to her lips but she holds it shut. “Fine.” He stands up walking over to Gage, he pours the cup on Gages head. Gage sits up screaming, blooding mixing in with the silver. Mac lunges forward, the chains breaking against the wall. Her hands falls against his leg and she takes the pain away from him. He stops screaming and starts to relax, but she feels the burn across her head biting her lip down to hold in the scream. Zane looks entertained. He keeps pouring and Mac could see the silver burn Gage, but as soon as it touches him she uses her power to take the pain away healing the wound. Her skin opening up, feeling the burn. 
“Stop. Mac whispers out, she is becoming exhausted. Fighting the wolfs bane to use her power was becoming too much and she knew she wouldn’t last much longer.
“Will you drink the silver?” Zane says.
“No, don’t drink it.” Gage shouts. “It doesn’t even hurt me.” Gage says not realizing Mac is embracing his pain.
Mac nods her head, Zane lifts the cup up, the silver not being poured on Gage anymore. “Clean it up.” Mac says, Zane nods his head leaving the room with a smile on his head. Mac keeps a hold on Gage’s leg still embracing his pain. The silver is still on Gage’s body and if she was to lift her arm the pain would come back full force for him. 
It reminded her of the day he mated with Sandy. Instead of the stabbing pain in her chest it was on her chest. Millions of knifes stabbing her skin. She wanted to lift her arm, she wanted to make the pain go away but she knew it would kill him. 
“Mac.” Gage says, he can see the tears, he could see her bleeding through her shirt, and he was dying on the inside. He didn’t know how she was hurt, maybe Zane did something to her why he was asleep he thought. He could feel a warm sensation on his chest but it wasn’t from the silver. She has her eyes closed concentrating on her power.
“You will live.” Mac says, mostly to herself but Gage hears it.
“We will live.” Gage says, he wants to take her hand, bring her close but the chains still hold him. He doesn’t feel the burn of them and wonders why that is.
“Stop touching the chains.” Mac says, feeling the new burn across her wrist. She looks up and is surprised she could feel the burns, there was no skin on her arms meaning there should be no nerve endings. But she could feel the bone heat up and stinging where Gage placed his skin against the chains.
“It doesn’t hurt.” Gage says, thinking Mac was only caring for his safety.
“Oh she knows it doesn’t hurt you.” Zane says, he comes up throwing a bucket of water onto Gage, the silver falling to the floor ruining to the drain in the middle of the room.
Mac watches the silver leave Gage’s body and when she was sure there was none left she took her hand off his leg. He whimpers out, feeling some of the pain again, Mac places her hand back taking in the last of the pain. 
“Can he not handle even a little pain Mac?” Zane asks, Mac opens her eyes. She was twisted at an odd angle her legs still chained to the floor but her arms free, her body facing Gage, and Zane behind her.
“He shouldn’t have to.” Mac says, she does remove her hand. She still felt the knifes, still felt the burn, it would be a while until she healed. Gage can feel the loss of heat from her hand and the loneliness comes back to him.
“I think he should, but it doesn’t matter now.” Zane says, he lifts Mac away from Gage, not bothering to chain her up yet.  “You will be needing a new shirt.” Zane says, looking down at Mac’s blood covered front, the necklace perfectly spotless. Mac just nods her head, the exhaustion sets in. “Not yet, drink first.” Zane says, he is sitting behind her helping hold her up, placing the cup to her lips. 
“Don’t.” Gage says, sicken by the whole scene. Mac starts to gulp the silver down.
“Shut up, she is doing this for you.” Zane says, “Otherwise you would be dead now.” Mac starts to sway spilling some of the cup. “Nope, nope, nope.” Zane says, he feels like he is dealing with a toddler but he doesn’t blame her. “Almost finished.” Mac slowly nods taking the last gulp, she falls to the side, laying against Zane’s leg her eyes closed. 
“You killed her.” Gage says, he breaks his chains off and taking hold of Mac’s hand. Zane shoves Mac off him, worried Gage would attack him. Gage brings his hands up to her neck feeling a small pulse.
“I did nothing of the sort, if she is dead it would be your fault. Although she is still alive.” Zane says, he has walked over to the tray finding a wolfs bane needle. 
“Mac.” Gage says, he has swept her hair out of her face, but her eyes were still closed. 
“It hurts.” Mac mumbles, the stabbing pain from saving him from the silver was still affecting her.
“I’m sorry.” Gage says, he didn’t think it was from him but from Zane making her drink the silver. “I will kill you.” Gage says to Zane. Zane starts to laugh.
“You don’t know how many times she has threatened that.” Zane says, he steps forward. Gage to distracted by the whimpering Mac to notice the needle being stuck into his arm. His head drops to the floor next to Mac, his eyes closing to her tear blood stained face.

“I like having power.” Derrick says, 
“It will only be till the end of the month.” Collin says, throwing the book onto the desk. He was checking all the books in Gage’s office for anything about a guy named Zane.
“Yes but think about all the girls that want me.” Derrick says.
“You disgust me.” Collin says, Jason thought it would be a good idea for Collin to help out Gage’s pack, mostly because Collin already knows the pack. Derrick refused at first, but once he released that he knew nothing he decided to let Collin help. Collin has been here for two weeks and has already beaten up Derrick twice, but Derrick allows him to stay because otherwise he would be screwed.
“That isn’t what the girls say.” Derrick says.
“Oh shut up.” Sandy says walking into the office.
“What are you doing here?” Collin asks, he hated Derrick and Sandy, and having them in the same room was torture.
“I came to deliver this to the Alpha.” Sandy says handing a large envelope over to Derrick. Even after Collin deliver the news about Gage being kidnapped neither cared. Sandy was more pissed about how he was off with Mac and in any other situation Collin would have laughed. “I’m so proud, my big brother Alpha.” Sandy then leaves the room after placing a kiss on Derrick’s head.
“It says Gage on that.” Collins says looking closer at the envelope.
“Well he isn’t here so I can open it.” Derrick says opening up the envelope and pouring out the contents, a letter and another smaller envelope drop to the desk. Collin picks up the letter first.
Dear Gage,
I know I have been dead for many years, but this is important. Give this chain to your loved one it will save her life. A gypsy told me of our family’s fate, I did not believe it until Annabel died. Do take my warning, the jittery rabbit runs under the bridge. I hope life is going well sweety and I’m sure your true mate is amazing. Sorry I couldn’t be there. I can’t say much more especially if this ends up in the wrong’s hands.
Love,
Mom.
Collin was thinking of how close the letter getting in the wrong hands actually did happen.
“What does it say?” Derrick asks, looking at the glittering chain in his hand.
“Nothing really, just that the chain is meant for locking up his book case.” Collin says, coming up with a lie. He thinks about it for a second and realized how stupid that excuse was. 
“Gage and his books.” Derrick says, tossing the chain onto the table. Collin was surprised that Derrick believed him at first, but then remembered how stupid Derrick truly was.
“I will give it to him when he comes back.” Collin says, putting the chain back into the envelope along with the letter.
“If he comes back, if not I get to be Alpha.” Derrick says a smirk on his face.
“Sure.” Collin says, he knows he would kill Derrick before he kept the Alpha position.
“Oh can you leave I have a meeting with Becky.” Derricks says.
“You are really going to have sex in Gage’s office?” Collin says, understanding that meeting means sex. 
“I will clean up.” Derrick says.
“Sure.” Collin says again this time grabbing his things and leaving.

“Mac, aren’t you glad it worked.” Zane says, lifting her chin and placing a small kiss on her head pushing the now silver hair out of his way. “It worked better than I thought, look at your eyes.” Zane says bringing up a mirror. Mac barely had the energy to life up her head but she was taken aback by what she saw. Her skin was still white and paler from the lack of sun but what looked back at her wasn’t really her, but it was, at the same time. Her silver hair sprawled all over the place with red stains of blood on it, her eyes used to be blue but now take on a shiny silver color. It surprised her. “I love it.” Zane says, placing another kiss. “But you do need a wash.” Zane runs his hands over her hair not even taken back by her blood.
“Are we done then?” Mac says. 
“Of course not.” Zane says, Mac was no longer chained by her hands. Zane new she was too tired by the daily amounts of silver that she was no threat, he even took her off wolfs bane. He hands her a cup. Mac chugs it down without thinking, it becoming a daily routine.
“Why can’t you just leave her alone?” Gage shouts, he hasn’t been hurt in two weeks but just watching Mac hurt him. “Be done.” 
“But I told you, I’m bettering her.” Zane says, handing Mac another cup. Mac takes it chugging it down. She felt different with this cup, her mouth becoming instantly numb. “Oh did you notice the difference.” Zane says, taking in Mac’s look. “Here.” He says, giving her another cup, Mac looks at this one it was dark metallic color. She shakes her head already feeling the burn of the last cup. “You know what this is don’t you?” 
“Palladium.” Mac says above a whisper, her throat starts to close up.
“Yes, I know how it affects you, so I have to wonder what would happen if you drank it.” Zane says, bringing the cup up to her lips she shakes her head. “The first cup silver, the second and third palladium. The silver for the hair the palladium for the test. Now drink.” He presses it against her lips but she still doesn’t give. She could feel the burn from the inside, the palladium already doing it’s job. She pushes the cup away it contents falling on the floor. “Fine.” Zane says, he storms over to the table grabbing a bag full of silver. He cuts it open throwing the contents onto Gage. He screams struggling against the chains and trying to wiggle away. Mac feels War and Vamp resurface from Gage’s scream. They aren’t strong but they have some fighting chance. She breaks the chains from her legs reaching Gage, she grabs his arms taking the pain away, she is straddling him holding him this way made it so even if she dropped from exhaustion her power would still work. She felt the stabbing pain just like last time but stronger.
“Mac, stop the silver can hurt you.” Gage says, trying to push Mac off of him by moving his hips side to side. Mac doesn’t move, just grips his arms tighter as well as his waist. She moves closer to him, her shirt soaking up most of the silver, her trying to get as much off as possible.
“You don’t have energy to drink a cup but you do to break out of chains. This is interesting.” Zane says, picking up his notebook and writing his observation down, going into his own world.
“You’re free, run.” Gage whispers, he has his forehead placed against Mac’s. Mac shakes her head. “Why not, leave me it is for the best. One can leave and go get help, you can go. Leave you’re...” 
“I’m dying.” Mac says cutting him off, she can already feel her organs burning up from the palladium. Her stomach feeling like it on fire.
“No you can make it through this.” Gage says. Mac shakes her head, her tears cleaning off some of the silver on him. She still has a hold of Gage’s arms taking in the pain, she turns a bit finding the other person in the room. She had thought about it for a week and this was for the best.
“Zane.” Mac whisper loud enough for him to hear. Blood drops out of her mouth splattering to the ground, she coughs more coming out. She takes her arm whipping it away, the other holding Gage. “I will drink the cup but let Gage go free.” Mac says.
“No.” Gage shouts, wiggling against Mac’s hold but not getting anywhere.
“I will drink the palladium cup, but you wash Gage off and let him go free and not hurt him or hunt him down.” 
Zane taps his pen on his chin thinking it over, a smile appearing at the end. “Okay, deal.” Zane says. He leaves the room going to grab more palladium.
“You can’t do this.” Gage says, his forehead resting against Mac’s once again. He notices the blood covering her shirt, it was clean fifty minutes ago now mixed with silver and blood.
“You will not die for me.” Mac says, tears running down her face landing onto Gage.
“But you can’t die for me.” Gage says. At this point they couldn’t tell whose tears were whose. 
“But I can.” Mac says. “You were not supposed to be a part of this. I brought this world to you and I wish I never did.” 
“It isn’t your fault you told me to run. If it wasn’t for me you would be fighting him on the experiments.”  Gage says. He looks at Mac, how he wishes he could hold her at least one more time. Mac looks up at him giving him a little smile.
“You will not go after Zane and you will help Jason run the pack. You can be a great leader I have seen it.” 
“You can’t die.” Gage says.
“Promise me.” Mac says. “You will help my pack.” 
“I will.” Gage says, he can see the silver of Mac’s eyes and how he missed the blue. He only saw them for a little while but those were the eyes that he was amazed by.
“Forget about me.” Mac says staring into Gage’s eyes.
“I can never forget about, ever since I met you you’ve changed my life. From insulting me when I told Lucas to poor water on you. Or from the time you beat me in a fight. Both times taking me down a peg.” Gage says, he chuckles a little, Mac joining in. She stops laughing, she starts coughing turning her head letting more blood come out and not onto Gage. 
“Keep going.” Mac says once the coughing has stopped.
“When you did bat shit crazy stuff, such as fly across the cafeteria it taught me anything is possible. Which is why I believe you are going to live.” Gage says. 
“Gage.” Mac says. “Keep growing keep changing become the best you can.” 
“I will.”
“And don’t throw water balloons at the next pretty girl that walks by.” Mac says earning a chuckle from them both.
“I can’t promise you that.” Gage says. 
“Here.” Zane says, throwing a bucket of water over the two of them, blood and silver flowing down the drain. Mac lifts her hand up accepting the cup.
“You better keep you word.” Mac says. 
“Please don’t do this.” Gage says, more tears falling down his eyes.
“Be the best you can.” Mac says to Gage, she brings the cup up to her lips chugging it down. She falls to the side in a fit of coughs, metal and red colors flying out of her mouth. 
“Mac.” Gage shouts, he breaks his chains off bringer her to lie across his lap. “You can make it through this. Remember you don’t believe anything can kill you.” Gage says, he has her in a hug but her legs are resting against the floor.
“Everybody dies at one point.” Mac whispers. He looks at her face shocked by the amount of blood. It was running down her face from her eyes, nose, mouth, and ears. Her silver eyes slowly closing. 
“Don’t.” Gage says, he brings her close nuzzling his head into her neck. He could hear her soft pulse slowing down. He pulls her closer. “You can’t die.” Gage says he keeps repeating it to himself. He is barely able to hear Mac’s pulse anymore. He has a warm sensation run through his body before replaced with icy coldness. Mac’s heart beat stops, her breathing becoming no more. “Mac, no you have to wake up.” Gage says, he shakes Mac but she just wiggles lifelessly in his hands.
“I…I…I…” Zane says, staring down at the body. “She can’t die.” Zane says, Gage looks up glaring at the silver haired guy.
“You killed her.” Gage says, he is still clutching Mac to his body. Thinking that maybe if he didn’t let her go it wouldn’t be true.
“He said she couldn’t die. She said she couldn’t die.” Zane says. He starts to pace the room, tears falling down his eyes.
“You killed her.” Gage says louder this time. Zane slumps to the floor pulling his hair.
“I didn’t mean to, she wasn’t supposed to die. She was supposed to live, become stronger.” Zane says, he starts to jerk around in his spot. It was like his body was attacking itself. 
“You destroyed her.” Gage says, bringing Mac close to him again, the blood stopped flowing, it now just dripping away from her body joining the puddle of blood on the floor. “Mac.” Gage whispers thinking it would reach her. 
“I didn’t mean to, he said she wouldn’t die.” Zane says.
“Don’t worry she isn’t dead yet.” Vamp says. Gage just stares up at Vamp surprised by her being here. She looked different, thinner, weaker. The wolf that was his mate was there as well. The wolves piercing blue eyes looking at him.
“I told you I would kill you and I don’t go back on my word.” Vamp says towards Zane. The wolf jumps Zane ripping at his arms.
“War, back off.” Vamp says, staring at Zane with hatred. The wolf leaves Zane coming over to Gage nuzzling his head and licking some of the blood off Mac’s face. Vamp gives off an evil laugh before glaring at Zane again. He starts to scream rolling on the floor, fire consuming his leg. 
“Stop, please stop.” Zane shouts but Vamp just turns around letting the fire consume him. She walks over to Gage, he pulls Mac in trying to protect her from both War and Vamp.
“I’m not going to hurt the body.” Vamp says kneeling down next to them.
“She isn’t a body, she is a person.” Gage says, he still can’t hear a breath or a pulse. Zane screams in the background, forgotten.
“Sure, her.” Vamp says.
 “You killed him.” Gage says, looking at the withering Zane.
“He isn’t dead yet, but in the process of dying.” Vamp says. “We don’t have time for questions, she is dying.” Vamp says, looking down at her owner’s body.
“She’s dead.” Gage whispers.
“Not yet.” Vamp says, she places her hand against his and the other being placed on Wars head. Gage feels a rushing sensation before sunlight blinds his pupils. He blinks a few times looking around the chains are gone, the room as well. They were in a meadow one he has never seen before. Mac still in his arms not moving. “I could only take us so far.” Vamp says, she stays kneeling and War decides to sit down her head resting against Mac’s legs. “You need to run, not walk, run that way if you want her to live.” Vamp places her hand against Mac as well as War disappearing amongst his eyes. Her last words being “run.” 
He stands up losing his balancing but catching himself. He can feel his wolf stir the silver chains hurt it, but now he had the strength needed, Mac being his adrenaline. “Run.” Gage says to himself, he picks Mac caring her bridal style. “Run.” He says one more time taking off in the direction Vamp said. He was fast but not as fast as he was before Zane captured him, he could feel the stretching of his muscles every step. He didn’t know where he was headed but he was hoping someplace safe.
 He must have ran five miles and his legs were growing tired. He still had yet to hear a heartbeat from Mac, but he believed Vamp. He just had to, his brain wouldn’t think of the other possibility. He picks up his pace thinking of this. He makes another mile before he trips Mac falling from his grip. Her lifeless body flops onto the ground. “Mac.” Gage shouts, picking her up into his arms. Tears water falling down his face. He looks around he was deep into the forest, not a sound to be heard just excruciating silence. “Mac.” Gage says, he tries to stand up but his knee gives out, him falling to the floor, this time not letting Mac touch the ground. “Help.” He shouts hoping there is a car around or a person, maybe even a wolf. “Help.” He shouts louder. He continues this, he hadn’t had water in days and his voice grew horse fast, but he still tries. Whispers of “help” leaving his mouth. He continued to clutch her to him, not letting her leave. “Please,” Gage says, he is stroking her hair, placing small kisses amongst her forehead. 
Gage still keeps trying to speak clinging to Mac’s cold body frame. He doesn’t notice anything around him, not the wind breezing by, not the sun causing a sunburn on his face, nor did he notice the sound of a guy screaming his name from the forest line. He just keeps whispering “help,” and keeps stroking Mac’s hair.
“I found him.” Brad shouts he sends a mind link to the pack. He runs over to Gage excited to see them free. He stops dead in his tracks, Collin who is with him stopping as well by the sight. What they see is a pale bloody Gage, holding a non-moving Mac. 
“Mac.” Brad says, running over.
“She can be saved. Vamp says she is still alive.” Gage whispers to himself.
“She isn’t breathing.” Collin says, he is on his knees in the mud looking Mac over.
“She is alive.” Gage shouts, startling the other two. “She has to be.” He whispers to himself but Collin catches it.
“Is the pack coming?” Collin asks Brad, receiving a nod.
“Mac.” The three can hear from the group that is running through the forest.
“Mac.” Jason says breaking free, he stops dead in his track Trent running into him. He looks at Jason wondering why he stops but all he can see is Jason staring. Trent follows his eyesight, spotty a bloody body. It takes him a second to realize its Mac.
“Help.” Gage says. The group comes around surrounding Gage and Mac. 
“What do we do?” Jason shouts, terror in his throat.
“I don’t know.” Came from most of the group.
“Blood and energy.” John says, just like last time.
“She can’t take our energy, she isn’t breathing.” Justin shouts.
“It is all I got.” John shouts back, anger and horror in his voice. Gage just clutches Mac’s body not paining attention to what they are saying.
“His blood.” Ethan says, pointing at Gage. His voice calm, “His blood does weird stuff to her. Give her his blood first then we will try giving her our energy.” 
“Gage, Gage.” Jason shouts to Gage.
But Gage doesn’t listen his face buried into her neck muttering to himself “She’s alive, She’s alive.” He holds her close not willing to give her up.
“Allen?” Jason says, asking permission for Gage’s blood. 
“He would want this.” Allen says staring at his brother. He has only once scene Gage so vulnerable and it was worst this time. 
“How do we get the blood?” Justin asks. Allen takes a rock hitting his brother over the head. He goes slack, dropping to the floor Mac still in his arms.
“I wasn’t thinking kill him.” Jason shouts.
“It was the only way to get him to get his arms free and to let her go.” Allen says. “I wasn’t going to kill him.” Allen picks up Gage’s arm tearing his claw into it, it didn’t need to be deep the cut from the chains still fresh. He rolls Mac over opening her mouth. He was startled by her coldness, she has never been so cold. He places Gage’s arm across her lips letting the blood drip into her throat slowly.
 “It isn’t working.” Allen shouts after a minute. 
“It has to.” Ethan says. 

“Did you see that?” Katie says, it had been five minutes and nobody has moved just stared. 
“What?” Trent asks. Katie was looking down at Mac’s hand she could have sworn it twitched.
“Nothing.” Katie says, seeing as it didn’t move again.
“No I saw it, and that.” Blake says pointing at Mac’s other hand. This time the whole group saw it twitch. Mac arms twitch again but this time they reach out pushing Gage’s arm out from her mouth. She jumps up, protectively hovering over Gage.
“She’s alive.” Ethan shouts.
“She can fly.” Trent shouts, tears running down all their faces. 
“Vamp we aren’t going to hurt Gage.” Jason says, noticing the fangs coming out of Mac’s mouth. Her eyes staying the crispy silver. Vamp looks around, recognizing all of their faces. She steps to the side dropping to the ground from exhaustion. “Vamp you need to take our energy.” Jason says slowly stepping closer to her. She nods her head taking his hand. She only gives off a bit, him feeling like his body was lit on fire. He staggers away after a minute trying to get his breath back, all the others striding up to take their turn. 
“That was worse than last time.” John says, rubbing his chest. 
“She did die this time, so I would think so.” Jason says, everybody in the group is sitting on the floor dealing with the pain in their own way. Mac was back the fangs gone, but has fallen asleep cuddling up to Gage. His arm had stopped bleeding, Vamp licked before she pushed it away, and was now holding her to his body.
“She’s alive, that what is important.” Ethan says, staring down at the two.

Chapter 31
It had been a week, everybody on their toes, none of them leaving Mac’s bedside longer than for a bathroom break or chores. Allen has left but only to visit Gage.
“He is better.” Allen says, grabbing his usual seat in Mac’s room.
“Ya for Gage, while Mac here has still not woken up since the forest.” Ethan says, he has barely torn his eyes away from Mac’s body. It was fragile, them having to drop the blood into her mouth. It was just dear blood now, not being able to get anymore of Gage’s. Cooper was resting on the bed, his arm stroking Mac’s.
“This isn’t healthy.” Jason says, the room looking at him. He hasn’t spoken since the forest. “She wouldn’t want this. She is alive and we need to continue with our lives.” Jason stands up leaving the room Maddy following him. 
“He’s right.” John says taking Jen with him. Slowly everybody starting leaving the room. Cooper left placing a kiss on Mac’s lips before leaving. Ethan was the last to leave.
“Please get better.” Ethan says placing a kiss on Mac’s head.
“Gage.” Mac whispers. Ethan stands up surprised. 
“Mac it is me Ethan.” Ethan says, taking hold of her hand.
“Ethan.” Mac says, she opens her eyes a bit but a scream runs through her.
“What’s wrong.” Ethan shouts. He could see her body trembling.
“War, she needs to heal.” Mac says, biting on her lip to stop screaming. “She needs her mate.” Mac says, she keeps trembling feeling the pain that War feels all the silver in her body finally hurting her. Ethan stays with her until she falls back asleep. He runs down the stairs taking two at a time.
“Where are you going?” Jason says, getting shoved out of the way.
“Gage.” Was all of Ethan answer before he shoved the front door open. He shifts knowing his wolf was faster, sprinting to Gage’s pack house. It was just like he remembered, nice comfy place with a huge field surrounding it. 
“Gage.” He shouts not bothering to knock, he was completely naked in the living room. 
“What are you doing here? And naked?” Michelle asked. 
“Where is Gage?” Ethan asks, he could see the resemblance to Sandy and knew right away who this woman was.
“I’m not going to answer that, and I would prefer if you leave.” Michelle answers, her husband coming up behind her.
“I’m not asking, I’m ordering.” Ethan says. The two step back surprised by his Alpha tone.
“Upstairs.” Michelle finally breaks. Ethan shoves by them heading upstairs, giving an extra shove to Robert. 
He walks slowly trying to hear for Gage, he picks up a small voice. 
“Sandy, I’m healing not now.” Gage says.
“You never want to do anything fun.” Sandy says, Ethan can hear the pout.
“I’m tired.” Gage says.
“You are always tired.” Sandy says. Ethan has found the door, throwing it open.
“Ethan?” Gage asks. “It’s Mac, what’s wrong.” Gage has jumped out of bed only having his black sweatpants on.
“It’s hard to explain but she needs you.” Ethan says. Gage doesn’t give it a second thought. 
“Gage, I thought you were tired.” Sandy says standing in Gage’s way. Gage doesn’t even think about it, he shoves Sandy to the side rushing down the stairs. Michelle and Robert both standing in his way.
“You need rest Gage.” Michelle says, before she is shoved to the side, earning a laugh from Ethan. Gage slams the sliding glass door open, it falls off its hinges shattering to the ground. He takes off full speed to Mac’s pack house, he doesn’t change, his wolf being weaker than his human form at the moment would only slow him down.
He runs up to the house, the door wide open from Ethan leaving earlier. He runs in remembering exactly were Mac’s room was. Ethan stopping at the front of the house to put clothes on.
“What’s going on?” Jason asks Ethan, Gage just running past him.
“Mac needs Gage to live.” Ethan says, happy and sad at the same time.

“Mac.” Gage shouts, throwing her door open. She looks just like she did the week before except cleaner. Her silver hair thrown across the pillow, she is in pajamas lying on her stomach. She is in a tank top and on the back he can see Zane etched across her shoulder. She doesn’t wake, just moves a bit on the bed telling him she is alive. “Mac” he says quieter now walking up to her. He lays down next to her, taking his hand in hers. “Mac.” Gage whispers again but this time he is relieved when Mac opens her eyes. He is a bit disappointed that her blue eyes haven’t come back but he was still happy. 
“Gage.” Mac says, she takes her hand away from his slowly tracing his face. “I’m hurt.” Mac says, the trembles coming back.
“Mac.” Gage whimpers, bringer her closer, the trembling stopping with his touch. She is lying on his chest her legs laying on the side of his, both his arms holding her so she couldn’t leave. The cool of her necklace sending shivers across his chest. “How can I help?” 
“By being here.” Mac says, she lets the tears fall. “I thought I lost, and you brought me back.” Mac says.
“I will always bring you back.” Gage says, placing a small kiss on her forehead. He strokes her hair, feeling the tears fall lighting on his chest. He could hear her light breath and it was heaven to his ears. He smiled but didn’t move not wanting to wake her. He didn’t know what he was feeling or why he was feeling it. Sandy said it was because he went through a traumatic event and it made since to him, but at the same time how could Mac being alive be traumatic.

Gage was wandering around the kitchen trying to find food to make for Mac. It had been three days and he hasn’t left her side. Cooper had been around and Gage would leave the room but other than that he hasn’t left her side.
“What cha doing?” Collin asks from behind him, scaring Gage a bit. He was too caught up in thinking of Mac he didn’t hear him come in.
“Cooking, where are the noodles?” Gage asks, Collin pointing to a cabinet to his right.
“Making Mac some delicious grub.” Collin says, taking a seat at the counter.
“She needs to eat.” Gage says, putting the noodles in the boiling water.
“True.” Collin says, a smile appears on his face. “I heard how you shoved both Sandy and her parents.” 
“I thought Mac was dying.” Gage said, stirring the pot around.
“Sure.” Collin says.  “Oh by the way does the jittery rabbit run under the bridge mean anything to you?” Collin asks, he doesn’t want to give Gage the chain. He was just actually going to give it to Mac once she wakes up.
Gage head shots up staring at Collin. It did mean something. It was a child book his mom use to read to him. The rabbit being the first story. His favorite story in the book was called “Black Love.” Morbid title but it was about a prince who was tricked into loving one girl why his true love was the savior. And there was something about a stone. He didn’t remember it that well but the rabbit story was his mom’s favorite.
“My mom’s favorite children’s book why?” Gage says.
“Oh no reason, just wondering.” Collin says, they hear the timer beep, meaning the noodles are done. “Have you even talked to Sandy since you got here?” Collin asks changing subject.
“Um, no. I mean Sandy is fine health wise. Mac is sick she needs help.” Gage says pouring in the spaghetti sauce. He remember the day he threw spaghetti at Mac’s back it felt like just yesterday but was forever ago.
“Sure.” Collin says a smirk on his lips.
“I know your sarcastic sure and shove it up your ass.” Gage says, grabbing a tray to put the food on. He also grabs a vase placing a rose in it, he has been doing this every time he has made Mac food a small bouquet forming in her room.
“And the flower?” Collin asks the smirk not leaving his lips.
“She is sick she needs something pretty.” Gage says leaving the room, not letting Collin mock him again. He entered Mac’s room surprised to see her sitting up, she was fiddling with her necklace. He couldn’t really see it between her figures. “You’re up.” He placed the food in front of her.
“Spaghetti my favorite.” She smiles before digging into the food.
“I didn’t know that.” Gage says, it was also the first time he didn’t have to feed her. He kind of wanted to still.
“Learn something new every day.” She says with her mouth full.
“Like how lady like you are.” Gage says, handing her a napkin.
“Exactly.” Mac says, she is still chewing her mouth full when she picks up the flower smells it and then adds it the vase. Gage enjoyed how every time she got a flower that was what she did.
“Why are you still wearing that?” Gage says, noticing the necklace again but not really looking at it. He burned his clothes not wanting to remember Zane’s.
“The silver on it burned Zane, plus it is a weird necklace and I like it.” Mac says, she twiddles with it. 
“I would think you wouldn’t want anything to remind you of your time at Zane’s.” Gage says.
“The necklace isn’t my biggest reminder.” Mac says, she was staring at Gage.
“The burn on your back.” Gage says taking a guess.
“That is a big one.” Mac says, her face dropping to the food in front of her. 
“How did you get it?” Gage asks, still wondering if it was Zane freak experiment.
“I was fighting Zane near a fire place and to defend himself he grabbed a stick out of the fire, it just so happened to have his name at the end of it. That was the first time I got away.” Mac says, no feeling really reached her. 
“At least he is finally gone.” Gage says, horrified by her story and trying to see the happy note.
“Is he?” Mac says, pushing her empty tray away.
“Well of course he is, Vamp burned him alive.” Gage says, “I told you this.” 
“I don’t mean Zane, I mean his leader. Zane was hard to control and yet somebody did and they wanted me. Plus there was Zane’s assistant we never met. They are both still out there.” Mac says, she was looking at her hands thinking this through. 
“Maybe they will lose interest.” Gage says, he crawls over sitting next to her. He throws his arm around her waist bringing her in closer.
“Maybe.” Mac says, but doesn’t really want to think about it. 

Mac wasn’t allowed to leave the bed, but Gage did have to go. Derrick showed up at Mac’s pack door and got the crap beaten out of him before he even said hi. But in reality was wanting Gage back because he had no clue what to do. Gage was saying no at first, but Mac being logical told him to go back to his pack they need his help. He left and hasn’t been back since.
“Knock, Knock.” Collin says coming into Mac’s room unannounced.
“What brings you to the magical world of Mac’s room?” Mac asks setting her book down.
“I have something for you.” Collin says, “But it is hard to explain what it is and why you should wear it all the time. I don’t really know completely myself.” Collin brings the chain out from behind his back.
“Let me see that.” Mac says grabbing the chain, it glowed a bit under her fingers. 
“That’s weird.” Collin says, looking at the now shiny chain.
“Is it supposed to do that?” Mac asks.
“I don’t know, it didn’t do it for me.” Collin says looking closer at the chain. “But you do have to wear it.” 
“You know you make no sense, but It does go with this pendent.” Mac says, bringing the black stone forward. 
“It does.” Collin says. Mac puts the chain through the pendent throwing both on. “Beautiful.” Collin says smiling at Mac, the glow still coming off the chain.
“Knock, knock.” Jason says entering the room. 
“You know that isn’t actually knocking.” Mac says. Behind Jason followed the rest of her original pack. 
“I think it works.” Jason says. “Plus I brought movies.” 
“Zane is gone and the only bitch left is Sandy and she isn’t a threat. So let’s have some fun. We would throw a party but you can barely move so movies.” John says. Mac has yet to tell them about the leader and the assistant they have yet to find. Another problem for another day, she thinks.
“Isn’t life great, stress free.” Trent says jumping on the bed next to Mac. “Oh and Mac.” Mac turns her head receiving a kiss from Trent. 
“What the hell Trent?” Mac screams, her and Katie both slap the back of his head.
“Tradition.” Trent says.
