“Blind Encounter”

 Robert C. Waggoner
Copyright 2011 Robert C. Waggoner
Smashwords Edition






"Blind Encounter"

Chapter I

“Been there, done that.” It should make a guy feel good. Rarely does it result in hitting bottom and not rising from the experience. For Ronald G. Filbert at forty one, hit bottom like a flat tire. Is this how it feels to be a no-body, he thought while sitting on a park bench around Green lake Park in Seattle. 
It was early fall; a bright, clear and sunny day with a slight breeze that had a nip in it. The trees were still mostly green, but an occasional dead leaf lazily swirled to the ground to rest forever never rising like the person who watched it fall. His eyes roamed the area viewing throngs of people enjoying the three hundred acres of beautiful park. No one would sit with him on the bench once they took a gander at the bum sitting there with a much used back pack, resembling its owner, resting next to him. Literally everything he owned was in the pack and that’s not saying much. To an observer taking stock of the down and out looking man on the park bench, you would first see a medium built man with a well worn New York Yankees baseball hat stuck on a full head of hair that hung to his shoulders, but now tied in a pony tail. Eye color undistinguishable from the shadow of his hat across his weather beaten face, and many months worth of blond beard surrounded a strong Roman nose with a mouth that if cleaned up would be kissable. His clothes were typical of a man in his position, blue jeans the color black for lack of washing, a flannel shirt under a faded blue ski parka. Old worn out hiking boots with bare legs noting the man wore no socks. 
Looking to his right, through sleepy eyes from the late afternoon sun, sending its last rays of warmth, until he would feel the nightly cold huddled up somewhere the cops wouldn’t bother him; he noticed a blind lady with a German shepherd dog leading her around the park. In her hand she had the recognizable white walking stick tucked under her arm trusting the dog to take her where it was safe walking. However, he noticed she walked purposely toward the bench he was sitting on. His eyes met the stare of the shepherd as its ears stood straight up apprising him as they drew near. Quickly she took her walking cane and searched for the bench sensing someone there. “Is there room for me on the bench?” she asked in a pleasant voice behind a nice smile with gleaming white teeth all set in row like kernels on an ear of corn. 
“Yes there is - lots of room,” she heard a male voice she instantly recognized as intelligent and educated. He realized his heart was racing for the first time other than when cops rousted him. Strangely he heard his voice responding to a question not said in almost a year to a lady other than to pan handle a few coins. Now he waited for her to either continue talking or better yet, keep silent. He hoped his unwashed body wouldn’t reach her sensitive nose as he leaned closer to the edge of the bench. Right Guard and soap was a thing of the past and he still hadn’t got used to not taking a shower every morning. 
She turned to him almost looking at him through her sunglasses and said, “My dog, Amy likes you. Dogs are experts when it comes to judging character of other people. By the way, my name is Sue Lyons and if you don’t mind, I would appreciate it, if you have time, to describe the picture that is surrounding the lake as you see it.”
Jesus, now what do I do, he thought. The wind was in his face, but was sure she could catch his smell drifting on the late afternoon breeze coming off the lake. Inside he felt age old memories of having what others called, the gift of gab coming back. Courage was something he lost when he walked out of his pent house a little over a year ago in New York City. Both she and her dog looked at him waiting for a response. Ron took a deep breath and said, “My name is Ron Filbert and I would be happy to tell you what I see. As I feel the sun on my body it is coming from the west and right now a glare off the water hurts the eyes. Oh, I’m sorry. That was stupid of me.”
“No Ron, I don’t take any offense or pity about my handicap. Please continue.”
“Well, the grass is mostly green, but looks like summer took its toll as brown areas are evident. The trees are just now turning color but continuing their summer splendor of dark and light green. Flowers everywhere, but they look a little forlorn knowing winter is just around the corner. Lots of people jogging, walking and having a nice time this afternoon. Is that what you were looking for,” he asked, secretly longing, but not without reservations, her asking more questions. 
When he first left he felt pangs of homesickness, but in the last six months he didn’t need human contact like before when every night the usual group would hit the local watering hole for a round of happy hour talking shop.
“Yes, thank you. I’m a writer and I’ve not always been blind. I started losing my sight in high school. Many specialists later, they all came up empty. At around twenty I was completely sightless. However, colors and descriptions keep reminding me when I write to paint a picture for my readers. Mostly I write for magazines, but lately I’ve delved into novels. How about you Ron, I sense reluctance on your part to talk. I surely didn’t mean to invade your privacy, but I’m a rather outgoing person who loves to meet people and share a few moments of time with.”
Ron’s throat was dryer than a desert in summer. A flush of heat was rising from his belly up his chest and he felt a migraine coming on. It took all of his will power to not get up and leave her sitting there wondering what she said to make him suddenly leave. Inside he felt he was still a good person and had begun to deal with his weakness of the past. Now he tried to sit up straighter and found the nerve to say, “Sue, I don’t think now is the time for me to talk about myself. I’ve been on the road for a year now and you are much too nice to be talking to a street person.”
“On the contrary Ron, we are all humans who need companionship and friends with whom we can share our feelings with. I feel Amy wants to come see you as she is tugging on her brace. Is it okay if she comes over to you? It’s such a nice day for Seattle as soon the long days of gray and drizzle will be upon us. How about we spend the next little while looking at nature and the many colors of the park?” She let Amy go and almost before he knew it, Amy had her head in his lap between his knees looking up at him through pleading eyes of sympathy.
Ron said, “How can I refuse such an offer,” as he petted Amy’s head and scratched her ears. Just then a bicycle policeman rode up with a powerful aura from wearing a uniform of prestige.
“Excuse me miss, is this bum bothering you?” I’m a police officer and do you want me to run him off?”
“Not at all officer,” she said rather strongly. “Just because he fell on hard times doesn’t mean he isn’t a person. I’m quite safe with him as you can see my dog likes what she feels coming for this unfortunate man. Now if you’ll excuse us, we will continue our nature conversation.”
“I’m just doing my job,” he said trying to justify to her and to make sure the message was received by Ron as he rode off with is back straight looking for trouble where there wasn’t any.
Ron said, “Thanks Sue, if you hadn’t been here he would have run me off. I never knew about discrimination much before I hit the road, but now spending most of my time with the lower dregs of life, I see how a barrier is erected to prevent the so called model citizens from coming in contact with the poor. You asked a while ago about me. I’ll give you the Readers Digest version and if you promise not to feel sorry for me, I won’t feel sorry for you.”
“I promise Ron,” as she continued to stare in the general direction of him as most blind people have trouble connecting a direct line to a speaker. 
Ron took a deep breath and Amy made a low sound of compassion in her throat while he said, “I used to be a stock broker in New York City. I was at the top of my game and money rolled in like waves on a beach. For ten years I was the envy of my peers, then I hit the sauce and the rest is history as I lost my job and wife. I gave her the house and hit the road west. Now what you see is what you get. I don’t feel sorry for myself; I’ve met some nice people on the trail to Seattle, including you.” A hot flash of burning cheeks and forehead was felt as a tension in his hands shot through to Amy who continued to hold him in her special way feeling his pain. 
If she could have seen him as he looked out onto the park where people were holding hands and parents pushing strollers epitomizing the typical Middle American family, instead of the blissful scene, he saw only a blur of the past. Not one of them, he thought has ever spent a night without a bed to sleep on or a roof to protect them from the elements a street person faces each and every night when your biological clock tells you to shut down for a rest. How could he tell her that he hadn’t a good rest in a year? What was constant hunger now was just another in a long line of body pain you learned to live with. Anxiety, fear, rejection and hope were just some of the emotions that filled up his mostly empty back pack since the day he struck out on a bus to Chicago. Now he slowly turned to look at her rubbing his beard with one hand and continuing to stroke Amy with the other. 
“Ron,” she asked, “will you escort me and Amy around the lake for a little walk?”
“Yes I will. It is time for me to stretch my legs and move on as the policeman suggested without saying so.” The stood up together and Amy obediently came to her side to lead her as she was trained. Walking away from the bench two dead leaves fell on the bench waiting for the next observer to fill the void just left. 
The sun slipped ever closer to the west as a twilight darkened to a deep dark blue sky to the east as they walked slowly next to the lake. The slight breeze off the lake dissipated leaving a glassy surface of blue. Night creatures were stirring and the first sounds of frogs drifted on the still air from across the lake where darkness came first. No conversation was heard from the strange looking couple walking together. One nicely dressed woman who was blind with long blonde hair and fair skin; the other slightly taller with the stereotypical look of a street person presented an anomaly not often or never seen by walker bys. Sue couldn’t see the frowns thrown their way, but he could. He tried to raise his head for dignity, but that was something in his past. 
Sue took a deep drag of air through her nose and exclaimed, “My, nice aroma. I can smell the dead grass, flowers and the musty smell of the lake. I hear the footsteps of kids and the heavy steps of adults. Far away I can still hear kids laughing and splashing in the water. Of course I hear buses and cars on the streets and the far away sound of airplanes coming and going at the airport. I don’t want to preach to you Ron, but life is what we make it and even losing my sight has opened other ways of seeing that are just as good as before. I feel with my hands and fingers textures that before I never knew existed; smells I used to think were always there, but didn’t know why. Now I know why and that fills my being with happiness in a world of darkness by day and real dreams that heighten my sleep with a movie if you will.  Last night I was dancing with a boy at the prom when I was in high school. I could see very well his face and all the other kids having the time of their lives together. My gown was pale yellow and the others wore the colors of the rainbow. I could see their lipstick and other makeup as well the mixed races of our school. Now during the day I have to rely on others to paint a picture for me.”
Ron responded to her conversation, saying with downcast eyes to avoid making eye contact with the people they passed, staring at them like freaks in a circus show. At first, looks such as he now saw, made him angry and he wanted to shout that just a short time ago probably made more money in a year than they did, but he could care less as he said, “Sue, just a few short years ago I wouldn’t have given you the time of day. A few months ago I would have given my left arm to meet someone like you who believes under the outside lies the beauty of self and others.” He looked at the street close by and thought it was time to take his leave as he finished saying, “Sue I must go now. I’ll never forget our meeting in this lovely park in Seattle.”
Sue stopped and Amy sat down on her back legs. Turning towards him she said with a worried look and her slim white hand at her throat, “Ron, walk me home. It’s only about fifteen minutes from here as I know this area very well having lived her all my life. Would you share my company for just a few more minutes?” 
Ron thought, how you say no to her. What are another few minutes in a life full of minutes hanging in a vacuum? He looked at her perfect lips hanging half open around her mouth. Her skin was flawless and almost translucent. For the first time he noticed she was wearing a summer dress of egg shell white and a light yellow sweater buttoned to her longish slim neck. Ron replied, “Sure Sue. This is a nice neighborhood, lead the way.” And he never thought once about what waited for him at her house.
 
Chapter 11

Walking down the sidewalk Ron noticed for the first time the houses that made up the area around Green Lake Park. He guessed the houses were built in the fifties or thereabouts. Most were well kept, neat and clean. The small lawns were still green and the flower gardens still had some die hard annuals stretching to the life giving light that would soon be over replaced next spring by a new generation of color. Sue broke his thoughts by saying, “I can tell by the feel of the sidewalk we are getting close to my home. Also I can feel Amy pulling just a little harder as we near the house.”
“What color is your house Sue?”
“I just had it painted this summer in a pale brown with the windows painted in a dark brown. I like earth tones and last year's roof is made out of cedar shingles from Aberdeen a town next to the Pacific Ocean west of Olympia.” Ron noticed she gave a brief shudder as they now walked in the shadows with the only sunshine shining to the east outlining the Cascade Mountains and Mt. Rainier standing boldly with a cloak of white signifying its height to all that looked. Even to Ron it was a magnificent sight as he spotted the freshly painted home and its neat yard like its neighbors. They stopped at the entrance where a cement walkway led to the wooden stairs and the front door. To him it looked pretty much like all the other houses in the neighborhood with a one car garage on the side and flower boxes hanging from the large front window of the living room. From his own experience he’d never been inside a home like this one and felt just a twinge of curiosity of how a blind woman lived. 
Now standing on the sidewalk with a few cars going past, she said, “Ron first let me say I do have an ulterior motive about what I’m going to offer, but please let me be truthful and say come with me to the garage for a moment and let me show you what my father left me after passing away some years ago, just after we lost my mom.” She walked with Amy to the garage door on the side and Ron meekly followed. He didn’t have a clue as to what to expect so he left his mind blank. From her bag she took a set of keys and found the one she was feeling for and opened the garage door leading the way. She turned the lights on and the inside was flooded with hanging fluorescents lights down the middle nose to tail. The light was almost too much for Ron, but of course Sue paid no attention as lights made no difference in her world. 
For the first time since her could remember he was taken in by the sight in front of him. Directly in front of him was a sculptor of Sue standing in a pose similar in a Greek replica. She was naked except for a shawl draped down one shoulder across covering a small breast. He couldn’t take his eyes of it and when he glanced around a few minutes later saw more work in progress in various designs. A work bench lined one wall where Sue leaned against it and in the back of the deep garage looked like another small room. What it contained he had no idea but then Sue said, “I thought you might like to see what my father did in life. He was a very famous sculptor and his work can be seen all over the world. Now follow me please,” as she walked towards the back of the long garage with her cane tapping as they went. She came to the door of a room and opened it for Ron to see inside. She moved into the room and said, “This is where my father stayed most of the time when he was working on an assignment. As you know artists are a little eccentric and work odd hours. My mother was a simple person and for the last few years of her life, preferred to sleep alone. My father had this room built to sleep in and a small shower and toilet installed. Ron I need some help around here. I have an aunt who is as cantankerous as the winters are long here. Since mother passed on she has helped me with house work and such things. But now she is arthritic and would like to spend winters in Arizona. If you agree I’d like to offer you a job with room and board. Now I will leave you here and the back door of the house is open when you decide what you want to do.”
Ron was grateful she didn’t put him on the spot as he would have probably told her thanks but no thanks and left the way he came. He heard the door close and stared at the small room with a single bed and a small closet with her father’s clothes hanging like ghosts waiting for the man to return. A small chest of drawers sat next to the open door and beside it was the small bathroom complete with shampoo and soap. Ron opened the medicine cabinet and found what one might see of a single man’s contents: a bottle of aspirin, Maalox and various prescriptions. A new tube of toothpaste and toothbrush sat on the top shelf inviting him to use it like it was somehow physic that he was coming. A pair of scissors and disposal shavers was the last things he saw before he closed the mirrored medicine cabinet slowly. He looked in the mirror for the first time since he couldn’t remember when the last time was. What he saw scared the hell out of him. Looking back at him was a total stranger. What happened to the clean cut guy with blonde hair and the baby face that women drooled over? His once sparking blue eyes now took on a black color probably due to the eye sockets being black with dirt and sun from the outdoors. Wondering what his teeth looked like he opened his mouth and his once perfectly white teeth were coated with scum and he quickly closed his mouth turned and almost went out the door when he looked into the chest of drawers to find the usual socks and underwear stacked neatly in one drawer and on down from the top he found T-shirts and many blue thin cotton work shirts. Where are his pants, he wondered and noticed when he started to close the door a banging was quietly heard swinging against the door. He looked behind the door and saw three pairs of blue overalls like farmers wear. Ron shrugged his shoulders and went out to look at the sculptors and work bench. 
The work bench was neat as a pin. It was almost like it was never used as chisels of every size and shape hung on the walls to the left and hammers from tiny to large on the right side. The bench itself contained stacks of books and magazines pertaining to the trade. Near the front of the garage where the windows were painted white stood a barrel of hand tools for gardening. A push mower of ancient design had its own place next to the tools. Next he went back to look at the life size statue of Sue. There was no doubt
 He was as good as she said: it was a perfect replica of her. Long perfect legs on a rather short waist mid section accentuating a small waist on up to small uplifted breasts made him think of Venus the God of love. Her long neck and a face without dark glasses gave her a true look of beauty. A feeling like never before almost took him to his knees. Life again was stirring inside him and it wasn’t just sexual, it was like a low voltage current passing through his entire body. He looked for a place to sit down and found a step stool against the far wall. Dropping his back pack on the work bench he passed by other works and sat down giving his brain a rest, not to mention his weak legs. He sat there contemplating what he might do with the offer of the blind lady. He’d planed to head south to California, but darkness was descending upon him and it wasn’t from the sun setting. What I have to lose, he thought. I can’t keep wandering the rest of my life; nor can I? What kind of work would she want me to do? I’ve never mowed a lawn in my life or weeded a flower bed. Painting, the only painting he remembered was in kindergarten. Cooking, forget it. Ron thought it a nice offer as he walked to pick up his pack and say good bye to find a place to lay his head down for the night. Before leaving he went to the small room to turn out the light and stopped to look at the nice little room where he would sleep if he accepted her offer. Without thinking any further he tossed his pack on the floor and stripped down revealing a white body with a brown head and hands. He walked to the shower and turned the water on. Soon hot water filled the small room with steam and he savored the forgotten feeling of a morning shower.
The smell of shampoo filled his nose. He was sure he had lice as his head itched all the time. In the shower he found a back scrubber and used it on his entire body washing off a year's worth of grime and pain. Ron had first taken the toothbrush and paste into the shower and with bleeding gums it felt much better.  
Now standing in front of a steamed up mirror he took the scissors to his beard and fifteen minutes later after scrapping his face raw, he saw what he remembered of the former Ron Filbert. Dressing in her father’s clothes, blue work shirt and overalls he laughed for the first time in many months at the spectacle he must look like. He found a rubber band on the work bench to tie his hair in a pony tail and walked out the door to find the house’s back door to a new life, maybe. A haunting fear followed him to the back door where he knocked and heard Amy give off a yelp of delight. Sue’s voice floated like creamy butter to his ears to come in and he opened the door to a wonderful smell of something cooking. Amy sniffed the clothes and looked up wondering if this was the same guy in the park. Ron rubbed her ears and Amy satisfied he was familiar, led him to the dark kitchen. The last light of day was fading fast and at that moment the lights in the house came on. He realized they were on timers and standing in the bright lit kitchen saw Sue stirring a large pot of what smelled like homemade stew. His mouth watered and strong pains of hunger racked his body. She said with a big smile, “I smell shampoo and does that mean you decided to take me up on my offer?”
Meekly he replied, “Yes, let’s give it a try for awhile and see how it goes. I make no promise of my yet unknown responsibilities, but like my father used to say, I’ll give it the old college try.” 
“Fine and now would you take from the cupboard on the end next to where you are standing and take out two bowls and two plates? Next to the sink is a drawer with utensils and the glasses are above the drawer in the cabinet with glass so you can see the contents without opening the doors. Old carpenters had it all over the new guys of today, as she took from the oven warmed rolls. Next she moved to the refrigerator and took out some milk and butter. 
Ron did as he was told and set the table cautiously so he didn’t run into her. She asked him to put a hot pad on the table and carry the pot of steaming stew as dinner was ready. Ron took a moment to look the kitchen over. It was small by his standards of a pent house kitchen, but this had the homey feeling of yesteryear. Sue made her way to the table with the carton of milk and butter while he stood waiting for her to sit down. He knew better than to offer his help as she’d lived for years doing this very thing more times than he’d ever done in any kitchen. “Sit down and ladle up Ron. I’m sure you are hungry and so am I,” she laughed still wearing her sunglasses. He wondered what her eyes looked like as he dished up the great smell of stew. He forgot the surroundings and quickly burned his mouth with hot stew. Relax, he told himself and enjoy not over eat. Use your manners and let her know you are with her. 
“Sue,” he said, it would appear you are an excellent cook. Me, the only cooking I did was with frozen food in a microwave.” Stirring his hot stew he looked at her visualizing her posing naked for her father. He wanted to ask her about that, but for now let’s see how it develops. He buttered a roll and watched her do the same. It was amazing how blind people adapted to not seeing what they were doing, only feeling their way through the process. Soon the stew was cool enough to eat and both made sounds of enjoyment eating what he thought was the best meal in his life. Before nothing tasted good to him as he wandered from one charity house to another eating left over stale sandwiches and watered down soup. He said again, “Thanks again for sharing your table with me. It’s been a long time since I sat a table eating dinner with a nice lady.” He ladled another scoop or two and soon his stomach was too full to eat anymore. He drank his milk and sat back and watched her finish off her stew. 
Finished eating he took the plates and bowls to the sink and started washing as she said, “I’ll do that later Ron. Now if you’d fill the kettle with hot water I’d like a cup of tea. There’s instant coffee in the cupboard if you want or tea if you like. We can sit in the living room and I’ll tell you what my other part of the agreement is,” as she rose and walked to a cupboard next to the stove for tea and coffee. 
Ron said, “I’d like some coffee as I fear I will fall asleep as soon as I sit down after such a nice dinner.” 
“This won’t take long and then you can take a rest for as long as you like,” as she removed two mugs hanging from under the cupboard placing a tea bag in hers and leaving his to take care of. Sue walked to the living room leaving Ron to bring their drinks when the water was ready. It didn’t take long and soon he followed her into a cozy living room with overstuffed furniture. A large brown sofa sat on one wall with a coffee table with legs he’d never seen before rested in front of the sofa. The legs were like swaying in a breeze, but expertly fashioned. A tall floor lamp sat at one end and a smaller table with magazines at the other end. Across the room next to the fireplace sat a big overstuffed chair that Ron if he sat there he would never get up again fearing it would swallow him up. On the other side of the fireplace a straight back chair that was obviously her mother’s seat with a table lamp and under the table a shelf probably for her knitting he assumed. The floor was fully carpeted and walls the same off brown were filled with hanging art that looked impressive and family pictures mixed tastefully decorated the room. Here and there small statues of her father’s work stood blending in with the area. Short baize curtains were now closed shutting off the outside world. Ron noticed no TV or a stereo system anywhere. Only the sound of a grandfather’s clock in the hall way was heard. 
Sue sat in the chair of her mother’s and Ron placed her tea carefully on the side table. Ron decided on the sofa and not takes a chance on the big chair. He sat his cup on the dark hardwood table where a coaster waited for him and sat down slowly sinking into the sofa waiting for the ride to end. Looking at his new benefactor he waited for her to speak.
Sue on the outside looked to all viewers calm and confident, but on the inside she was churning like homemade butter. What have I done she asked herself. I’ve a homeless man in my house and now what? Why did I invite him of all people and what if he turns out a thief or worse yet a rapist and killer? No, bad thinking Sue. Amy says he is good and not to be scared. Trust your instincts girl and tomorrow is another day that hopefully will change my life from the boredom of days gone by. Gathering confidence she said, “Ron here are some things I’d like for you do to for me. First I’d like to buy a car and I presume you can drive?”
“Yes, Sue I can drive but will need to change from New York to Washington. I presume a trip to the motor vehicles department wouldn’t be difficult now that I look human again,” he said with some humor long ago forgotten in his memory banks.
“Good, then I want us to drive around while you describe the scenery and people for my novels I intend to write. I’m not without money and we can explore where we want to. I trust you fully and that would be absurd to anyone else having just met you a few hours ago. My aunt wants to spend a few months in Arizona like I said before and things like shopping and banking are somewhat difficult so you’d be my eyes. I also need some help once in awhile with the computer. If we make it to spring, and I hope we do, then the yard would need some attention. That is all I can think of for now. Any questions,” as she found herself sitting on the edge of her chair and he noticed she was talking to him but as he was quiet, she didn’t really know where he was. Then to his surprise she took off her sun glasses and wiped her eyes. 
He saw she was silently crying and doing her best to be strong when strong wasn’t needed. He quickly said, “Sue, sounds good to me and now let’s relax and tell me more of your stories.”
“Okay, but first I must tell you about my aunt. She’ll be here tomorrow at about eleven and when she discovers you’re here, well as I mentioned before, she is one cranky old woman who thinks she is my mother incarnate. I tolerate her, but on the other hand I need her too. She does a lot for me and I should appreciate it more, but it takes a toll on me with her pound of flesh if you know what I mean.”
“You’ve painted a good picture and tomorrow I will putter around the yard like you just hired a man to help with the fall cleaning. By the way, I have no idea what day it is or the date for that matter.”
Ron had been looking at her eyes which had a glassy teary look, but the color was an attractive grey with the white part milky looking. They were set wide apart like the statue and even though she had the stereotypical eyes of a blind person, the more you looked the deeper you were drawn into them. Sightless yes, but not without warmth he thought when she answered his question, “It’s October the twenty first and today is Friday.”
“Thanks and I’ll be sweeping the walkway and knocking the spider webs and making busy work while she’s here. The clothes I’m wearing might be a problem as they’re your fathers. Do you have any idea about that situation?”
“No I don’t, but maybe if you put on your old coat, I heard it swishing when we were walking earlier, she won’t notice.” 
“Sue I’m a little sleepy from your great dinner and if you don’t mind, I’ll take my leave now and before I go to bed, let me check the locks on the door for you.”
“Thanks Ron and thanks for helping me out in a time of need.” After he left Sue sat thinking back on her life since she lost her sight eleven years ago. It seemed that right after she lost her vision her father succumbed to a stroke that he never recovered from. A year later he passed on. Two years after that her mother finally, with all concerned, followed her father with their blessings from her long struggle with pain and suffering. Aunt Bee stepped in to fill the vacancy with authoritarian demeanor completely disregarding her niece’s wants and desires. To escape her aunt she lost herself in her writing, listening to music from the internet with headphones on behind a locked door. Her aunt finally got the hint and left her alone taking care to pay the bills and fetch her needs like groceries and other personal items. Now what made her stress level rise was when her aunt Bee found out a man was living here and, hopefully, replaces her aunt as a companion and confidant. A confrontation was bound to happen between the three, and her greatest fear, Ron would take the easy way out and walk off never looking back. 
To make matters worse, at thirty one she felt the urge to procreate. She realized her female needs and now did she justify her offer to Ron just as a helper or did it go deeper than a companion? While she was having these thoughts Amy felt her master need for comforting coming up to her and laying her head in her lap. Sue said to her while she rubbed her head, “Amy what’re we going to do about tomorrow and the days that follow. We must remain strong and speak clearly our minds when Aunt Bee comes tomorrow. Don’t argue with her,” she warned. “I’ll be calm and logical and try to keep my emotions out of the picture.” Also I’ll be honest and tell her to go to Arizona and get away from the damp grey climate of Washington for awhile. Why, because it is time for me to live alone and take care of myself. For example, Safeway has grocery delivery ordered by computer. Ron can help with that end of things.” Amy making throat sounds watched her eye lids fall down and slip into sleep sitting in her mother's chair with all the lights on. 
 
Chapter 111

Ron closed and made sure the back door was locked and then made his way to the garage side door. Before going in he looked up at the sky seeing a smattering of stars and the bright glow of downtown Seattle to the south. It was both warm and cold as the earth gave up its warmth from the summer rising to meet the chill of the coming fall. No wind as a still night was broken only by an occasional car going by. Very quiet he thought as he reflected on the many nights huddled in an alley or behind a smelly dumpster with night sounds of animals crawling around inside looking for a snack. On more than one occasion he shared the fruits of tossed dated bread and vegetables with his companions of the night. A shudder went through him thinking how grateful he was to find a dumpster unspoiled by others who appeared cloned from the same extended family. Ron shook it off and entered the garage leaving the lights off. One the one hand he wanted to experience her world and the other to not advertise his presence in the garage. 
It was dark inside but not dark enough that he couldn’t see the outline of the statue of Sue. He ran his hands over the smooth stone following all the contours from top to bottom. At first the stone felt cold and then the more he caressed the statue the warmer it felt to him. His breathing quickened and from his finger tips down to his stomach a rush never felt before expressed a desire to hold it and sleep the night forming a perfect match to her body. A stirring in his loins brought back thoughts of great sex with any and all who felt the same desire. His wife was good in bed, but towards the end, it was just mostly mechanical as they drifted apart. In the end his needs were fulfilled by one night stands at the bars he frequent. Ron shook his head trying to block out those nightmares of the past when he woke up with a hangover with someone he didn’t know sleeping beside him. 
His hands now moved to her head and ran down her hair to her face. Lightly and slowly using his fingertips only felt the curves of her small nose, then around her lips on down her neck to the one exposed breast. The small upturned breast felt real to him as he took the nipple between his thumb and finger and rolled it around like it was real flesh: warm and growing hard to the touch. By now his erection was pushing at the overalls for release. Using both hands he ran his fingers down her hips to her thighs. No crotch was evident as only the ‘V’ half hidden by the stance of one leg partially covering the other as he slowly moved down to her ankles and feet. Breathing was coming faster now and his penis ached from hardness as he stood up and lowered his overall unfastening the straps over the top. His underwear was her father’s as they too dropped around his ankles. He reached down and felt his member for the first time in many months finding it hard and erect. Slowly he stroked it looking at her shadowed face; then faster and faster till an ejaculation occurred spilling onto the garage floor. Guilt and the risk of being watched ended his pleasure as he quickly pulled up his shorts and held the coveralls up with one hand moving to the small bedroom. 
Closing the door behind him he kicked off the overalls and wiped off his penis smelling the sperm so familiar in his past. Breathing returning to normal he took off his smelly shoes and laid back on the bed closing his eyes. It quickly turned cold and he crawled under the blankets falling fast sleep.
Ron was rummaging through the inside of a dumpster when the truck stuck its prongs out to lift it into the back of the truck. Ron was trapped inside and when it rose to the top, he fell into the truck’s garbage. Buried by a half ton of garbage he fought his way to the top before he suffocated by the weight and contents he was buried under. Clawing the sides and never noticing the blood coming off his hands realizing the beginning of no air in his lungs. The smell was not a problem as his vision started to turn with star like yellow dots of electricity in his eyes. Chest about to explode the sinking feeling of death started to take control. His struggling waning he thought he heard a rat crying nearby. Ron gave it one last effort and found himself landing on the cold floor of the small room in the garage panting and clawing the air around him. 
Reality set in as he realized it was a nightmare. This was the first time he experienced a nightmare since he hit the road. Why now, he thought as he struggled to climb back into bed. Laying there he wondered what time it was. He remembered a clock above the work bench and he slipped on some slippers he found in the closet making his way to the work bench. The clock was electrical and not battery to his luck. The time said a little after five am, but it was still dark outside. He debated going back to bed or, as he search his mind, what to do now? Well I could sweep the garage out he thought. He turned the lights on and saw Sue bathed in white light without shadows. Ron glanced at the floor in front of the statue and saw residual spots of last night’s ejaculation. That was reason enough to sweep the floor until he realized she couldn’t see it anyway. He smiled to no one and made his way to the little room to dress for work. 
Upon better inspection of her father’s clothes he found some shoes that looked like they might fit his size eight. They looked almost new and the inside said “Redwing” a brand he recognized as shoes for the work man. His father, semi-retired, was a wood worker in his three cars garage and swore by that brand for standing on cement all day long. 
First thing was taking a shower, another shave and brush his teeth. His hair combed and put up in a pony tail he went looking to see how to raise the garage door. He found it locked with a chain and padlock on both sides of the roll up door. Ron looked around for a key and finally found it hanging next to the light switch. Two minutes later he had the garage door up making a lot of noise in the process. He looked around at the neighbors and drank in the fresh warm fall air. No stars were visible and he thought right that a cloud cover lurked overhead. Never mind he thought as he went to find the broom. Broom in hand he went to work. By the time he worked back to front he had the knack of broom use. After locating a dust pan he didn’t know where the garbage can was. I will find it later he thought and went to work cleaning the bench. 
Starring at the bench he had not a clue how to clean a bench. Furthermore he was continually distracted by her presence growing more beautiful by the minute. He’d closed the garage door, but first glancing to see if there was any sign of her moving around. All was quiet as his heart rate fell back to normal. My God, he thought am I falling for this lady? Maybe it is pity that I feel, but once again he felt the old street Ron telling him that no it wasn’t pity as she had more than enough creature comforts to feel sorry for her and her handicap really didn’t seem to get in her way. He glanced up at the clock and now it was after six am and a dawn was breaking far to the east. He found a rag and wiped down the bench and restacked the magazines after he wiped them off looking at the cover of each one. Not one rang a bell in his head. Art was as foreign to him as snow to a camel. That job finished he decided to see what other works of art her father was working on before he left the garage. Against the opposite wall, on shelves stood many different works in progress of various shapes and designs he had not a clue about. He took his rag out of his back pocket and wiped each one of them discovering while he removed the dust curved lines seemed to attract him to wonder how and why someone would make such things. Yes, it felt good to the touch as last night brought a red face to Ron thinking about what he did in front of Sue. So close yet so far and the real one just a few yards away probably sleep peacefully dreaming in three D with color. 
After that job, light was now starting to show through the glass door of the garage, he decided to look around outside and see what the neighbors were doing on a Saturday morning, if anything. Ron walked to the front of the house and sat on the steps looking east at the growing light, but clouds were hanging where Mt. Rainier should be. 
Ron noticed he’d been sweating a little and now the cold was seeping into his shoulders and arms. All the neighbors were silent and only an occasional car went by. Ron grinned and thought the few cars contained early morning golfers struggling around the country club ready to indulge in the nineteenth hole sucking down beers or in Ron’s case vodka martinis. 
His thoughts were disturbed by Amy nosing her way between his legs saying good morning and the tap - tap of Sue’s cane followed in the heels of Amy. Ron realized he would soon get used to cane tapping if he hung around very long. He was having doubts of the relationship, but soon warmed to other thoughts as he noticed her smiling face without sunglasses on. She said standing off to the side of him, “Good morning and did you have a nice sleep?” 
“Indeed I did. And I woke up early and tried to run the broom around the garage, but the broom had a mind of its own,” he said with a chuckle that surprised even him. 
She laughed and said, “If you’d like I have fresh coffee made and some toast.”
Ron realized he was a little hungry and the sounds and smell of coffee made his mouth water as he stood up looked at her for the first time since last night. She was dressed in jeans and a sweatshirt that had Stanford written on the front of it. The blood red color of her sweatshirt contrasted her long blonde hair that fell to her shoulders. If the sun had been shinning, which it wasn’t, he thought of the corn silk term used for such hair. She heard him rise and turned to walk back to the kitchen door. Ron followed with Amy by his side and soon they were sitting down at the small wooden table with the checkered table cloth. A mug of hot coffee with milk and sugar sat next to his cup while a stack of toast made him hungry. He said, “Sue you’re going to spoil me like my mother did years ago.”
“If you don’t think I’m prying too much can you or will you tell me about your family?”
Ron felt much more at ease with her as he considered her question. What can it hurt he thought while he buttered some toast and sipped his coffee. He answered saying, “My parents live in Florida. They’re retired and my father makes wood products in his garage similar to your father’s life. My mother lives for playing bridge with her neighbors in their gated community. They’re happy and I’m sure they are worried sick about me. I’ve a sister who lives in Chicago with her banker husband and three kids. I stopped there on my way west and I didn’t leave under the best of circumstances, as she is older than me and thinks I ought to listen when she gives free advice. Somewhere in a small town in Montana I sent a postcard to my parents saying I was fine and not to worry. Well, that’s about it Sue,” as he munched the toast all the while never taking his eyes off her. He couldn’t drink enough coffee due to his throat being so dry. There wasn’t no doubt he was falling for this lovely lady and while she drank her tea and looked at him he felt a blush rising up from somewhere south in his body to his cheeks. He wished now he still had his beard to hide the red cheeks, and then realized she couldn’t see them anyway.
She asked, “Ron do I make you nervous or something like that?”
Ron answered way to fast saying, “Not at all. I’m just not used to having a conversation with another person. Street people are very protective of their history and almost never talk about who or where they came from. History is for books and the upcoming meal is all they think about. Finding food keeps them going; not conversation.”
Sue took two hands to set her mug down on the table and said, “Now I’d like to cook you some eggs. I love to cook, but am kind of slow,” as she rose giving him a look at her backside. Immediately he saw her statue and the perfect backside he’d run his hands over the night before. My God what a cute butt, he thought as she took out some eggs and bent over for a pan in the drawer of the oven. With the sweatshirt on her small breasts were only poking slightly out giving off the barest hint of breasts. Stop it, he told self. Stay focused and shape up. However the bulge in his overalls told a different story. 
Breakfast over, dishes washed, he helped, drinking in the fresh scent of her clean hair they went to the living room. Arriving she asked, “Ron would you be offended if I asked to see what you look like?”
Ron knew what she meant and replied, “No not at all. I know what you look like and it’s only fair for you to do the same.”
Sue reached out with one hand and placed it to his face. She started with his hair finding it long and thick. Next she moved to his forehead and back to his ears, returning to his eyes. All the while Ron never moved and he was sure she could hear his heart beating like a drum. So light was her touch and with a delicate feel she felt his nose and with two hands his cheeks. Back to one hand she traced his lips sending shock waves through his body. Taking both hands she moved from lips back to cheeks and down to his chin drawing a mental line of his contours. For the first time he could see her eyes and a serious look came from her while she felt his neck and then a quick check of the arms and chest finished off her inspection leaving him short of breath and a desperate need to sit down and hide his throbbing member. 
“Thanks Ron. Now I know what you look like except the color of your hair and eyes.” 
“Well,” as they sat down, “My hair is between blonde and brown I guess. My eyes are light blue. I don’t know how much I weigh, but I’m five ten and about one hundred seventy five pounds. Pretty much average I guess.”
“I think you’re a very handsome man and that thought will be my base. Now we must prepare for aunt Bee’s coming in a few hours. But first let me tell you what I would like for us to do on Monday.” She went on to tell him they would go to the drivers license place and from there to a car lot to buy a nice van. Not new, but a late model. After that a trip to the North Cascades for a look at the fall colors sounds like a nice Tuesday trip. Ron had no idea where the North Cascades were, but it sounded well as he would be with her and right then that was all he could think about. 
For the next couple hours before aunt Bee arrived she showed him her computer room where she spent a lot of time. Sue explained to him about software that speaks to you giving you instructions to use the computer and search the internet like everyone else. “I can write and send e-mail and do all the things seeing people do. Once in awhile I need some help, but if that is needed I just pick up the phone and call for help with an organization of the blind that I’m a member of.” 
Ron was impressed and told her so. She sat at her office chair and he sat in a single chair next to the window. She was telling him about her stories she sent to magazines and about her first novel she was about to finish when the door bell rang announcing her aunt. Ron, if she had noticed went rigid and was not in the least ready to face the music that was coming. Sue went to the door as her aunt let herself in. Ron stayed where he was looking for a way out without being seen. He was trapped and now standing waited for the introduction to take place. He heard voices and the grating sound of the aunt asking what needed to be done today while she had the next few hours free. Sue’s voice asked her to come into her office and meet her new handy man she hired.
Ron put on his best look and later wondered what that was as her aunt followed her into the office. Like his mother would say, if daggers could kill, aunt Bee had swords flying from her eyes as she took him in from head to foot. Ron remembered telling aunt Bee it was a pleasure and he didn’t remember the thousand questions fired at him like the front line of a battle. Sue took control and told Ron and her aunt to move to the living room and have a sit down while she explained why Ron was here. The aunt turned on her heels and made for the living room. Ron remembered her backside and it reminded him of a turtle on two legs from a nursery story. An orange flowery dress reaching almost to her ankles contrasted her shoes. High top running shoes with the ubiquitous swoosh made the exit to the living room. 
Ron sat on the sofa with his hands in his lap as aunt Bee once more gave him a look of contempt. He had his best look, but a kind of shit eating grin was on his face as he looked at her burnt orange hair that probably a hair dresser made a mistake with the coloring, or did she? Her first question from her gravelly voice asked, “Young man what’s your background and what’s your work record?”
“Aunt Bee, you have no right to ask him any questions. I hired him and that is all you need to know. I’m not child.  I’m thirty one and there’s not a lot I can’t do for myself. I appreciate your help and since mom died you have been a life saver. Now I would like some more independence and some companionship with people my own age.”
Aunt Bee sat there with her mouth hanging open revealing old people teeth without dentures. Ron guessed this was one of the few times aunt Bee was speechless as she swallowed her spit and said with a condescending voice, “ I understand what you’re saying my dear, but what do you know about this guy?”
“I know enough about ‘this guy’ that I spent last night with him and I was neither raped, mugged or was anything stolen. Besides Amy likes “this guy” and so do I.” Ron eyes were traveling back and forth like watching a tennis match when he heard, “spent the night” he thought aunt Bee would fall over on her wrinkled face smearing the purple eye shadow that reminded him of a raccoon with orange hair. 
Aunt Bee caught her breath and exclaimed, “You did what? Spent the night with him? Sue Lyons have you lost your marbles? Might I be so bold as to ask where you met him?”
“I met him in the park and he walked me home. We had dinner and talked the night away. I never had so much fun since I lost my sight. Now, I suggest, aunt Bee you get used to him being around and you’ve been talking of going to Arizona for the winter, now is a good time to make good on your desire to relax in the sun. I’m fine here and even if Ron leaves, I will make due.”
Aunt Bee sat with a closed mouth and thought about what had been said in the last fifteen minutes of certainly not what she expected on this Saturday morning. Ron wanted to say something, but didn’t know what to add to what Sue had already expressed. Amy sat with her and cocked her head once in awhile wondering what was going on this morning with what probably no one expected happening. Aunt Bee said, fiddling with her giant bag looking for something inside. Digging out a handkerchief she wiped her nose and said, “Well dear niece, seems like you have made up your mind about this man, so let me think about it and I will stop by in the next few days and see how you are doing.”
“Thanks aunt Bee. Now would you like to go to lunch down at Ballard at a nice deli we both know about?”
“Next time perhaps, as I have some errands to run and some calls to make; if I decide to go to Arizona.” She stood up and looked at Ron with eyes of steel saying this isn’t over by a long shot buster and make a wrong move or something out of line and I’ll see you rot in jail. Ron smiled back at her saying with his eyes, come on sister and duel with me and you’ll see who comes out on top. Sue heard her aunt stand up and she rose too knowing her aunt was leaving without saying so. Sue followed her to the door saying, “Stop by anytime auntie and see how we are doing.”
Ron and Sue with Amy standing between them watched aunt Bee waddle to her car and drive off in a cloud of blue smoke from her old beater. Ron looked at the sky which was threatening rain. Sue turned to go back in the house and Ron flashed on the idea if someone was watching they would think an ordinary couple waving at an old person returning inside for the day. 

Chapter IV

Ron found he was shaking a little as Sue plopped down in the overstuffed arm chair breathing a sigh of relief. Ron sat in his usual place still warm from what seemed hours ago that a storm descended on this nice house and rapidly blew away leaving two people tied up in knots. After a few minutes Sue said, “I like the idea of lunch at the deli. I can tell it is not nice day weather wise, but a bus comes by every hour and we can ride it to Ballard and you can see the locks.”
Ron had no idea what the locks were about but he needed to put some distance on the still heavy air of the orange turtle smelling like cheap perfume. He said, “I’m all for it and when does the bus come?”
Sue raised her wrist watch and pressed a button telling her the time. “In about fifteen minutes,” she said. 
“Let me find some other clothes of your father’s. He was about my size and if you will permit me to wear his clothes I would appreciate it.”
“Off course you are can. It’s better to put them to use than hanging around waiting for someone to give them to Goodwill.”
“I’ll be back in a few minutes,” he said as he walked away through the kitchen and out to his new room. He found a pair of tan Dockers hanging in the closet and a long sleeve shirt of plaid design. Back of the closet he discovered a pair of slip on penny loafers that fit like a glove. He checked his looks in the mirror and searched for a light jacket in case it rained. His luck held as an old blue Seattle Seahawk wind breaker fit the bill nicely. He looked at his teeth which were showing signs of recovery and he decided to give them another going over. Now satisfied with his looks he left locking the door and went out to the front of the house not knowing whether to go back in or wait our front. Walking around to the front he noticed the door partly open signifying she would be out in a minute or two. 
It wasn’t long before Sue came out leaving Amy in the house. Ron didn’t ask but once down the steps she took his arm and they walked to the bus stop around the corner. Ron felt like a neophyte on his first date with a lady on his arm. He wasn’t comfortable and she felt the tension by saying, “Relax and let’s enjoy the outdoors before the rain comes tonight.” He tried to relax, but being so close to her made him feel funny all over. He was glad when they stopped at the bus stop and after a few minutes they boarded the bus for Ballard. The driver noticed he had a blind person on board so he called out each stop over the sound system. When the call for Ballard Locks came over the speaker they got off and Sue told him the deli was a few blocks down the street with a green front. 
Walking down the block Ron was in the swing of things and relaxed commenting on the nice area they were in. Nothing like New York City he told her and the green deli was right where she said it was. Walking in the fresh smell of just baked bread hit him first and then mixed smells of cheese and salami made his mouth water. With her cane in front taping on the floor seemed to make the lunch crowd take notice. An opening like the Red Sea lay before them as an old lady asked them what they wanted. Sue told Ron she wanted a roast beef on sourdough with a dill pickle. Some chips she told him would be nice too. He told the lady to double that order and she handed him a number and pointed at some vacant tables next to the window. Ron guided Sue to the window table and that when he noticed most customers were carrying sacks, probably taking advantage of no rain on a Saturday park somewhere. 
Sue asked, “Are you getting more at ease now that we seem to have somewhat adjusted to a strange relationship?”
With a serious look to her he replied, “Sue, my head is still spinning from the morning meeting with your aunt. In addition, being with you has tied me up in knots and I’m not sure why. This past year has done a lot of things to my mind and I feel it’s going to take a long time to puzzle it out. I feel like you saved my life, but on the other side of the coin, I’m not sure it’s heads or tails I fit into these days. This morning I felt on top of the world working around the garage. Now as I have no money I have to rely on you to buy me lunch. That goes against my macho self. I clearly remember pan handling for a few coins and then going to a market buying something that would give me the most for my money while people stood back and the checker holding her nose while I quickly left the store totally embarrassed. I doubt I will ever forget the last year and what the future holds, is anyone’s guess. But right now, I’m a happy guy sitting with a lovely lady having a nice lunch in Seattle. Can’t ask for much more don’t you think?
“I don’t have a comeback on what you said, but let me add this, let’s keep our expectations low and take what comes. I need some adventure and I want to see some details of life and nature.” It was a perfect time to pause as their number was called and Ron jumped up to get their lunch happy to end the conversation.
Lunch over they walked to the locks where tourists could see the boats transferred from the salt water of Puget Sound to the fresh water of Lake Washington. Mostly pleasure crafts and tourist boats went back and forth giving the also ran a glimpse of another way of life aboard a forty foot luxury yacht. Sue asked for details as what his eyes took in for her picture of the scene. He saw a nice pleasure craft coming and described in detail the object in frontal view saying, “Here is a nice yacht of about forty feet I would guess. It has a flying bridge with an American flag and other smaller flags with different colors such as yellow, green, and blue. I count four radio antennas and what looks like a radar dish circling around slowly. The yacht itself is white with hardwood trim and round port holes towards the front half of the boat. The back one third is open and the people I see are dressed in boating clothes with colorful windbreakers on. The whole thing exudes money. To me it is a waste and shows the onlookers and passengers’ ostentatious living. No I’m not saying they should give to the poor as the poor have the same opportunity as they did if it wasn’t an inherited source of wealth.”
Sue with her sunglasses on sopped up his words and said, “I like what you said Ron. Now maybe you could describe the locks themselves and the area surrounding it.” Ron did as she asked and started at the top of the hill explaining how some houses looked precarious sitting on the steep hillside and on down to the large grass area bordering the locks and waterway leading to the Sound. They stayed for another hour and then the heavy clouds started to leak a soft rain. Sue suggested a bus ride home and they left to find the opposite bus home. Sue sat next to the window and Ron felt the burning of his leg next to hers. She stared straight ahead and Ron did the same. Her white can stood between her legs and the next thing he knew her hand moved to rest on his leg just above the knee. If lightning had struck him it would have had no less effect than her long slim hand. From the corner of his eye she never changed expressions. He felt like he had rigor in his legs, but soon it left changing to warmth. Ron laid his head back on the seat and closed his eyes dreaming of better days to come. Conversely the recent past took up most of the space in his brain to allow new life to enter. In his intelligent mind, he thought about life beginning like new growth in the spring time: slow and then gaining strength from more tentacles sucking up the nutrients of life, till a flowering occurred presenting an adult. His thoughts were interrupted by Sue telling him their bus stop was next. She’d moved her hand and it left an empty spot difficult to replace.
Entering the house Amy went little nuts with excitement seeing both of them home. A little damp from the light rain, Ron stood there not knowing what to do next. He took his coat off and looked for a place to hang it when Sue told him to hang his coat up by the back door in the kitchen and to put on some water for tea and coffee. He did what he was told as she went to her room telling him she would be out in a few minutes.
Ron sat in the overstuffed arm chair after he’d put the water on for tea and coffee. The chair felt comfortable and started to nod off when he heard the tea kettle calling him. A gentle voice called out telling him she would get it and a few minutes later she came in carrying a tray with tea and coffee. She sat it down on the coffee table thinking he was in his usual place. He quickly got up and moved behind the coffee table and sat down. Sue moved around the table and sat down in the middle of the sofa and drank her tea looking nowhere in particular. Ron noticed it was still daylight out, but on the cusp of darkness coming early on a cloudy day. He noticed a tension in the air and wondered what it was from. Looking at her he felt no tension so assumed it came from his inner self. Sue sat her cup down and hiked one leg onto the sofa turning towards him. She had changed clothes into sweat pants and her Stanford sweatshirt. He detected the faint aroma of perfume and his senses did a roller coaster ride from the past to the present in a nano second. “Ron,” in a small child like voice, “I must confess something to you. No I haven’t deceived you, I just need to tell you something and afterwards if it scares the daylights out of you, please forgive me.” 
Ron sat there more confused than ever. Just twenty four hours ago he was sitting on a park bench lonely and thinking about where he would rest for the night. Next thing he knew a blind lady and her dog offered him a job and place to live. Then after the best dinner of his life he masturbated in front of a statue of the blind lady. Now after a deli lunch and a tourist look at the locks she burns his leg overwhelming his being which threatened overload laying her hand on his leg in a bus. Presently she wants to make a bold statement about a confession and all I want to do, he thought, is take her in his arms and never let go. She went on saying, “I’m a virgin and never had a real boyfriend in my life. I’d like to change that an experience love in the true sense even if it means the other person doesn’t feel the same way. I know this is a shock to you, I guess as having no experience except what I read, which I know not whether is true of real life or not, but this is real to me; when or if you want to I want you to make love to me,” as she hung her head and tears started to roll down her lovely cheeks. 
Without much thought, Ron said, “Sue from the moment I saw you and subsequently viewed the statue, something, and I don’t know what is tearing at my inner self, it's a sucking feeling I’ve never felt, like in a vacuum that right now I’m having trouble explaining to myself let alone to a pretty lady like you.”
Through tears of happiness and not remorse Sue replied, “I can’t imagine why I said what I did to you. I’ve no right to ask something so personal of a recent acquaintance met in a park. But I think I know you well enough now to either tell me yes or no or I will think about it. I don’t want just the physical act of love making, I want to feel your touch and I want to touch too. Explore if you will and sense the electricity I believe comes with love making,” as she laid her head on the back of the sofa. Ron felt a stirring in his Dockers and it wasn’t a physical thing at all. It was a deep longing to hold her and become part of her. His mouth felt like air couldn’t pass by as his lungs cried out for life. He realized it was the short breath of hyperventilation he was experiencing. He cried out for relief to a higher spirit. Then he saw her hand slowly reach out and touch his arm. And that was all it took as he stood up and took her hand telling her “Let’s go find a place where we can enjoy the ultimate feelings of love.”
Sue led the way to her bedroom which formally was her parent’s bedroom. A large king size bed filled the room. Later he would look at the ceiling and the walls with old antique looking furniture leaning against them. But for now when she stopped at the side of the bed not knowing what to do next, Ron took her head in his hands next to her ears and said, first you explore me and then I will make love to you. You stay dressed for the moment and I will take my clothes off and lay on the bed with you next to me.” Sue nodded her head because she was afraid to speak knowing only a squeak would come out.
Her head was spinning and she needed to lie down soon or she would sink to her knees. It felt like all her strength had left her and now she hoped he would show her the way. Ron threw back the covers and naked he lay down pulling her next to him. At first his body was cold next to her, but quickly under the warm covers the two bodies warmed up. Ron lay in the middle of the bed and she next to him. He took her hand and kissed the palm and each finger. Then he placed her hand on his hairy chest. At first she reacted to the hair on his chest, but quickly recovered knowing where her hand was. Slowly she moved her hand from his chest to the neck and then back down confident now knowing where her hand was. She moved her hand to his shoulder and down his arms sending waves of pleasure through his body. Each touch, each squeeze, each rub sent signals to his now rock hard penis. Small moans escaped from his throat as the beginning of a heavy rain outside was heard from the inside silence of the house. Moving down to his hands which lay beside him she moved closer and he took a deep breath of her scent through closed eyes. Slowly she moved back to his chest and played with his nipples and then on down to his stomach which was caved in from loss of weight. She spent a lot of time light with her fingers tracing his rib bones and then moved down to his leg passing by his throbbing member. He was tense and she felt the muscles hard beneath her finger as she felt his thigh, knees and calves ending at his feet. To reach his feet she had to rise up and she laid her head next to his crotch while she slowly made her way up his legs to his upper thigh. He could tell she was scared to touch his penis and scrotum. Her hand went around up to his lower stomach playing with the stomach hairs that led to the pubic hair. Finally ever so slowly and gently she touched his hard penis. She gasped, but didn’t draw away as he expected her to. Her touch was the lightest he’d ever felt as she ran her fingers from bottom to top and then down to his scrotum. Ever so gently she felt each testicle and then went back to his penis. By now he was crying inside for relief and she must have felt the need as she moved her hand to his lips feeling the hot air escaping. After that she laid her head on his chest and rubbed his stomach as he felt she didn’t know what to do next so he said, “Now is my turn,” as he rolled onto his side next to her as she lay flat on her back. With one hand he raised her sweat shirt and with her help slipped it off over her head. The light coming through the window was dim from the dark skies outside, but he noticed her white skin was smooth as silk. She wore no bra and her small pink nipples were hard. He looked at her face with her eyes closed as he caressed her face like she did with his the night before. Her skin was so fresh and felt like baby skin. With the front and back of his hand he ran his fingers up and down her neck and onto her small shoulders. She raised her arms over her head as he traced his fingers around her arm pit and on down her arms. 
By now Sue was making sounds she never experienced in her life. Her body was on fire and each of his touches sent new signals to her mind like it was in a different world. His head lay on her shoulder and with one hand circled the small breasts one by one. He teased the nipples and circled down to her flat stomach so soft he wanted to bury his face in it. Down to her pubs and then circled away reaching down to her thigh. Her legs came apart naturally as he lightly touched her inner thigh and down to her knees where he spent a little time behind the knees knowing that was a sensitive part for all people. Now his head lay next to her hip and traced each toe without making it tickle. By now his breath was coming as fast as hers. He moved his hand to her pubis and lightly traced the outside and down each side of her lips. Now she had her arm around him as he raised his head back to her shoulder area. He continued to run his hands over her body and then he rose up and kissed her neck. She threw both arms around him and stretched her neck wanting more. He grew a little impatient from a passion he never before felt and kissed her waiting lips. Quickly he realized she had no experience kissing but that didn’t matter for the moment. Wet sloppy kisses and his hand roaming over her back Sue made sounds that Amy wasn’t happy about, but didn’t interfere. 
From her lips Ron moved down to her perky breast taking each one gentlely in his mouth with the tongue teasing the hard pink nipple. Her back arched and Ron moved his hand down to her love center. He found her wet and ready, but he knew now was not the time for intercourse. He moved his head down to her pubis and savored the sweet smell of love coming from her. She had her hands on his head and then positioned to make love to her with his mouth and tongue. Ron had placed both arms under her legs for a better access and she responded like it was natural. He ran his tongue around her outer lips and then up to the hard little clitoris begging for stimulation. He ran his tongue around and around first slowly and then more quickly as her body responded in kind. A few minutes later she came with small controlled body movements while he hung on holding her until she relaxed. 
Both lay there panting with his head on her stomach as it rose and fell from the passion of love making at its finest. His penis was about to explode, but he willed it to remain patient. Finally he moved to her side next to her head and kissed her shoulders and hand. She felt his hardness and moved her hand down to hold it tightly. Ron couldn’t take it anymore and lightly grabbed her hand to show her how to stoke his penis. It didn’t take long and he spews forth great gobs of sperm as she exclaimed her surprise when it happened. She sat up and reached for some tissue and wiped his member clean. Then much to his surprise she took his penis in her mouth and licked it clean. After she said, “My, it tastes a little salty,” and went down for more. At first it was a little sensitive to the touch, but in a few seconds it started to get hard again. “Is this normal,” she asked with a big smile looking at him.
“Not usually, but I guess sometimes it has a mind of its own,” he replied stroking her long blonde hair. By now he was fully charged with blood and she straddled him while guiding him to her wet waiting love channel. His penis slipped in easily but not without feeling the firmness of a virgin. Slowly she rose up and down with her hands on his stomach. 
“Oh God, what a feeling,” as she moved up and down and he matched her stoke for stroke. Her breathing started making gasping sounds and he too was feeling the climax coming soon. Over the top they both went as she cried out to the pleasure gods amid tears of happiness and fulfillment as he pumped his sperm deep in her womb. She lay with her head on his chest hearing the rapid heartbeat under his hairy chest. Slowly she felt his hard penis soften and finally slip out. She stretched out and he gently rubbed her head stroking her long hair. “I don’t want to move. I want to stay here forever and do this again and again,” she said with a voice of love and sincerity. 
“We don’t have to go anywhere if you don’t want to,” he replied with a tenderness that even surprised him. In all his years, he thought, never have I felt this good about making love to anyone. Is this love, he thought. 
Sue rose up and said, “Let’s go take a shower as that’s what couples do after sex.” He laughed and told her to lead the way. She crawled off the bed and even in the dim light he saw what a beautiful woman she really was. The statue was wonderful, but in real life she was fabulous, as he followed her to the bathroom. He left the light off and once the spacious shower was warm, they huddled together clinging like two young people doing something parents were always warning them about. There wasn’t any reason to not think the waters of love poured down over both of them. 
 
Chapter V

After a mutual wash and Sue spending too much time in his crotch area, they sat on the sofa. Ron had his socking feet on the coffee table and Sue was lying with her head in his lap stretched out. Sue had found some old sweat pants of her fathers and her sweatshirts fit him albeit a little tight, both felt warm and satiated. An early rain storm was pounding at the window as both listened to the wind blowing hard outside. Amy lay in front on the unused fire place and Ron asked, “Does the fireplace work?”
“It used to a long time ago, but now it might be filled with who knows what. It’s been years since we had a fire.”
“I’ve never been in a house with a fireplace before and maybe we could test it with some paper or something like that. Where can we find some wood to burn if it works?”
“Supermarkets have logs you can buy that give off, I’m told a nice warm feeling. Safeway supermarkets have home delivery and I’m told you can order over the internet or maybe we could call them. Let me go check. I’ll be back in a moment,” as she went to the computer room and brought back her lap top and a portable phone. Setting it on the coffee table he noticed she was totally focused on the task at hand. Her long hair draped across her face and with one hand she kept tucking it behind an ear he would like to nibble on. Once she was on line her fingers flew over the keys and waited for the spoken response to answer her queries. Soon a phone number for her area of Seattle was given and she pushed the buttons of an expert. All Ron heard was a one sided conversation ordering ten pieces of presto type logs and ten of whatever else they had to burn in a fireplace. Also she ordered two frozen pizzas and a bottle of red wine. She gave the person her credit card number from memory and their house address then hung up the phone with a smile looking like a little kid in a candy store.
“Well, I’d best check and see that no robins nest or pack rats have built a house in the chimney.” Ron went on a hunt for some paper to burn. He remembered some old newspapers in the garage as he went out the back door amid heavy rain and wind quickly making him wet. In no time he was back with papers and down on his knees he removed the screen in front and pulled the handle of the draft that rained down black soot and leaves with an old bird nest landing on top of the pile of waste. Ron laughed and she asked what he was laughing about and he told her about the bird nest as he set it aside for later. Now he had to clean up the small pile of waste so he asked her where a trash might be so he could clean the fireplace. Sue hurried somewhere and came back with a small waste container and he lined it first with paper and then scooped the waste with a small fireplace shovel. That job finished he made a ball or two of paper and looked around for a match. “Sue is there a match or lighter in the house?” 
From the kitchen she brought him a BBQ lighter. Ron struck the lighter and soon a small fire was going with the chimney drawing nicely. He said, “Sue we are in business. Now all we need is some wood and we can lie by the fire and stay warm on a terrible night for street people to stay dry on.” She felt his tone remembering how just a short while ago he was one of them suffering a fall storm of wind and rain. 
“Ron,” with excitement in her voice, “I think I hear the delivery man coming. If she could have seen him, he was staring into the dying flames of the paper lost in another world of place and time. The door bell rang and he fought hard to break his thoughts and stood up to see if he could help bring in the order. 
A few minutes later logs stack neatly next to the fireplace and Sue in the kitchen preparing the oven for pizza, he stood watching her with the bottle of wine in his hand thinking what it might do if he drank again. He looked down at the dark red bottle remembering after he lost his job, drinking anything was his thing, be it wine, beer or rot gut whiskey. He thought if I drink this and feel high will I have the will power to stop? How strong are you these days Ron Filbert? Are you man or mouse? You have a woman who loves you more beautiful inside and out of anyone he’d met in twenty years standing at the stove preparing something to eat for you. He looked up and decided to say something. He said, “Sue can I have your attention for a minute?” She had just shut the oven door and looked over at him. “I’m not sure I should drink this wine. I haven’t had a drink in over a year now and to tell you the truth I am an alcoholic. What if I can’t handle it and want more? This could ruin what we have at the present time. What do you think?”
“Ron,” she said with conviction, “only one way to find out. I don’t drink much and I don’t want us to have this disease hanging over us for the rest of our time together. Let’s find out from the beginning what we have to deal with.” She pulled out a drawer and handed him a cork puller. He stared at it like it was a sword of death and with a shaky hand reached out and took it from her. She heard him walk back to the living room knowing he was at odds with himself while he built a fire. Amy too felt something amiss as she followed him into living room watching him build a fire. Ron had sat the bottle an opener on the mantel and soon a small blaze was going. Sue had set a timer for the pizza and brought two wine glasses into the living room. She sat the glasses carefully on the mantel and left to fetch a large blanket off the bed with two pillows to sit in front of the fire on. Ron helped her spread the blanket and lay on his side starring into the fire. Sue sat on her knees and reached out to find him. Ron laid his head on a pillow and pulled her down next to him. Sue snuggled against his body making a spoon affair not saying a word. 
Ron, struggling with the notion of having a glass of wine said, “Turn around my lovely and kiss me. Sue quickly turned around and waited for his lips to meet hers. This time soft and tender nibbles and neck kisses brought on heavy breathing. The fire was warm and comforting as he reached under her sweat shirt finding an erect nipple to his touch. He went from her breast to her back and felt the silky smooth skin while sucking on her bottom lip. He gently pushed her onto her back and laid one of his legs over hers applying some pressure on her crotch. She moaned with pleasure and he pushed up her sweatshirt and began to play with her breasts one at a time sucking lightly and licking her erect pink nipples that shadows danced across her pale white skin from the fire light. Ron lost all thought of drinking as his member was stiff once again.
Ron positioned him on top of her as she spread her legs accepting him grinding his hard member against her very wet center of love. Both were past the point of no return as Ron rose up and pulled her sweats down and did the same with his. Sue reached down and guided him inside sucking in a deep breath as his penis slide in and reached the hilt in one thrust. She shook her head from side to side as he plunged in and out while he sucked her breasts one after the other. This time she didn’t hold back as a climax for both occurred sending sounds of ecstasy throughout the house while she twisted and turned beneath him. Ron collapsed on top of her while she stroked his long hair now free of a pony tail. He said with a voice she hadn’t heard before, like a sound of a confession one might hear from a priest, “I love you Sue Lyons. I’ve loved you since the moment in the park and every minute and hour since then. I feel weak and need to draw on your strength if you will have me.”
“Oh God yes, Ron, I can’t see you but I can feel you and that is what counts. From the first time I heard your voice something triggered a deep feeling never felt before.” Her breathing had returned to normal and Ron buried his face in her belly and began to cry for the first time since he was a child. She held his head while wet tears gathered on her stomach. For Ron the macho stock broker from New York City had been tamed in Seattle by a lovely blind lady. Life would never be the same for him or her for that matter. He stopped shedding tears and raised up to his knees as the timer rang out that pizza was ready. Sue quickly got up and went to the kitchen while Ron wiped his eyes and fed the fire with another log. 
With one hand on the mantel and the other hanging by his side he gazed upon the fire of love. With confidence he reached for the bottle of wine and in seconds had the cork out letting it breathe. It was still raining and gale force winds pounded the windows making them rattle as Sue brought the pizza in setting on the blanket with his help. Both sat Indian style across from each other as he poured her a glass telling her to hold her hand out. Next he hesitated a moment before he poured a glass for him. Setting the bottle down he raised his glass telling her a toast was in order. Sue raised her glass as he said, “To the most beautiful woman in the world with a heart of gold. Never will a moment be better than this moment. From sorrow and pain to heights of happiness all within a moment of each other brings us together. May it continue and only get better as time moves on. Here is to you Sue Lyons. I love you more than I have words to express.”
Tears were running down her face and she slowly raised her glass to her lips and took a sip and then said, “Ron if I never woke up and if this is only a dream my life has been fulfilled being with you for this short time. If I could take my heart out and give it to you I would. If this is love and I know it is, may it never end? I too love you Ron Filbert. 
Ron raised his wine glass and tentatively took a sip then he said, “I’m starving and picked up a slice of pizza and took a bite forgetting the glass of wine. He had only eyes for her and like a magnet he was attached to her and not attached to the wine. He then through bites of pizza described the light from the fire and the shadows bouncing off the furniture and walls. Once the pizza was gone and his glass of wine empty he lay down on his back and told her about the light on the ceiling dancing around. Sue moved to lie next to him as he put his arm under her head to rest on his arm pit and shoulder. Soon with Amy next to them all fell asleep as the fire continued to make the atmosphere romantic and warm. 
 
Chapter VI

Laying in her bed, she snuggled up to him, rain still coming down he looked up at the ceiling feeling lost and asking himself what happened yesterday. He saw he was a long way from home and then he wondered where home was. Certainly not in New York and not in Florida with his parents so maybe this is home? He looked at Sue who was sleeping, eyes closed and her warm breath next to his arm. The faint aroma of her perfume still hung in the air sending waves of pleasure to his senses. Well homeless man is this home? Why not? Why fight it and make the best of it. He slipped out of bed and went to the bathroom. Last night before bed he went to the garage and transferred his shaver and toothbrush signifying a major move. He turned the shower on and when it warmed up he got in and before he realized it, Sue was standing naked opening the glass doors stepping into the hot water shivering a little making her nipples hard and goose bumps on her body. Ron quickly moved her under the shower rubbing her skin to warm her up. Sue wrapped her arms around him and raised her head for a morning kiss. 
She tasted like toothpaste and for a moment he forgot she was blind. Come to think of it he almost couldn’t remember when he did notice she was blind. Braking apart he said, “Yes, I still love you and lately I’ve forgotten you can’t see me. If I seem not to talk just remind me to speak up if there is something on your mind. Now turn around while I wash your creamy back and butt.”
“Nothing wrong with my ears or sense of feeling as I hear you and feel you all at same time as she turned around putting her hands against the wall. Ron was careful not to put soap in areas of sensitivity. Rinsing the soap off her shampooed long hair, while he soaped himself, stood their looking at her lovely body, her whole being is what brought on wet dreams for most guys and he was but an arm's length away in real life! 
Toweling off she said, “I’m really hungry and let’s go out for breakfast.” 
“All right, but I would prefer a cup of coffee first if you don’t mind,” as he shaved his tender skin. Sue put on sweats and another sweat shirt with the University of Washington with the colors of purple and gold. Ron put on his inherited Dockers and the sweat shirt she gave him the day before. He found her in the kitchen making hot water and putting out tea and coffee. Ron looked at the clock at it was seven thirty and still mostly dark outside. He said, “Sue I haven’t read a newspaper or heard any news for a year. I haven’t missed it but today maybe we should by a newspaper and check the advertisements for a van.”
“Good idea. And maybe we should order more logs for a nice fire on a wet and windy day. I have some ideas and would like to talk to you about them. Can you take pictures with a camera?”
Ron laughed and said, while drinking his coffee, “Not really, but I’m a quick learner.”
“I know you are better than me,” she added with a smile and if she could see would have been a twinkle in her eyes. As it was her twinkle came from her lips which made his stomach ache. “I want to add some pictures to a magazine article I’ve contracted for. I usually contract a photographer, but he never gets what I’m really looking for. Well at least when I ask someone to describe the picture it just doesn’t feel right. This is an important assignment for me and I really need your help. Let’s go to the shopping mall and buy a camera and all the accessories. Some photo mags might help you frame a picture.”
“I’m right behind you and if you would front me some money against my salary I would like to buy some clothes and new shoes,” he said with a joyful voice.
“I think we could see our way to advance you some money. Now I’m really famished from more physical work in the last day and night that I can ever remember. I could eat a huge omelet.”
Once more they left a sad looking Amy as umbrella in hand they made a quick walk to the bus stop. Ron noticed they went in the opposite direction from the Locks and had no idea where they were going. Ten minutes later they got off and Sue told him the little restaurant was just down the street about two hundred feet on the left. She took his arm and soon they were seated in a bacon smelling café drinking coffee and tea. Both ordered a mushroom bacon omelet. Sue with a quiet voice asked, “What do you see around us Ron?”
Ron took in the scene and said, “The place is mostly full with a mix of old and young. Mostly middle class people I would guess. Some old people are dressed for Sunday at church maybe or just going to visit friends or relatives. The rest of the customers are dressed very casual like us. These days casual dress seems the trend in apparel. I like sweat shirts especially on you as it make it easier to feel you up.”
Sue’s face turned red and she said, “Ron, people might hear you. Besides I’ve not much to feel there anyway. When I was growing up I kept waiting to fill out like most of the other girls my age. Some girls would brag about their cup size and I didn’t get my first bra until I was sixteen. Nowadays, I rarely wear a bra; as you can plainly see.”
“Maybe they’re small to you but to me they are the prettiest breasts and nipples I’ve ever seen.”
Lucky for Sue breakfast came and they attacked it like a lion kill on the Serengeti Plains. Thirty minutes later they were on a bus to a shopping mall. It was too early for the mall so they had coffee at Starbucks and Ron read the Sunday paper to her. Sue sat thinking about what the store looked like so she asked him, “Ron excuse me but what does this place look like?”
Ron stopped reading and looked around saying, “Three young girls are waiting on customers making lattes and such things. Under the counter are pastries that most people are buying to have with their coffee; and for sale are lots of items to make coffee, store coffee and mugs to drink out of. Most of the tables are round and some softer chairs without tables are available for paper readers to relax in. The people are like the restaurant old to young yuppies dressed in the same dark colored casual clothes.”
“Ron, for eleven years I’ve not bought or received a present. My aunt Bee is a humbug and can’t see any reason for new clothes of any sort. Now I want to buy you a present as you love your coffee. I would like you to pick out a coffee grinder and a drip pot to make the best coffee available. Instant coffee is not what I think you like. Also, a thermos jug to take with us on trips I want you to have. Never mind the money please. Indulge me as this is very important to me,” she said while wringing her hands on the table and sitting forward in her chair. Ron at first didn’t totally understand and then he felt this was important to her. He told her he would be grateful and accept the gift from the lady of his life. She smiled at him and reached for his hands. 
Later when the stores opened, carrying his coffee items they found a camera store and an hour later walked out with what the doctor ordered. The salesman was very knowledgeable and told them if it didn’t work out to bring it all back for a refund. Happy and excited the both of them went to a department store for some clothes and shoe shopping. They bought new hiking boots for both of them and outdoor clothes for the coming winter days on their intended trips. Loaded down with bags and new back packs filled up, they left to find a bus home. 
Sue said, “This is just like Christmas. Now I can’t wait for the real Christmas to come. Let’s’ hurry home and build a fire and try on these clothes.” Ron was excited too as he started to feel the breaking of the past year opening up like a new born chick out of its shell. 
Back home after a terrible struggle on the bus finding out that carrying many bags and two full back packs was not easy. However, lucky for them the bus was not full of passengers so room was available for all their goodies. Amy went a little nuts yipping and yapping being lonely while they were gone. Now she sat wagging her tail and Sue went to her knees and hugged her while Ron started a fire. The day was cloudy but it quit raining. A damp cold air hung over the Seattle area and in the house the forced air heating and the fireplace started to make it nice and warm. The drapes were open and what light came through provided enough to sit by the fire and look over what they had purchased. Ron explained each item while Sue felt with her hands to paint a picture in her head. After going through the clothes, pants, shirts, sweatshirts and assorted outdoor gear, Ron read to her about the camera. Both were sitting Indian style while he read to her. She had the camera in her hands and while he told her each button and knob she ran her fingers over each part mentally memorizing the camera. A tripod and different zoom lens he handed her describing which one did what. By the time he was through with the camera he almost had a working knowledge of photography. 
Sue said, “While you are reading I will wash our clothes and dry them. After I start a load of wash, let’s have some pizza again like last night if you understand my meaning Ron Filbert.” No way did he miss the meaning as a stirring occurred where the anticipation of making love to her began. He told her he would set up the coffee maker and then realized they had no coffee to grind. She laughed and told him to order some from Safeway and she would be back in a few minutes to help him order.
Ron meandered into the kitchen and out of the box took the drip bottle and filters. He washed the bottle and let it dry on the counter. The grinder he checks out and washed it too. He then took the box to the garage and sat it by the door. He checked the weather and thought is this Seattle all winter long? The cold damp air seeped into his body and the smell of decaying leaves was evident. Oh well, he thought I’ve got a lot to keep me occupied for a while and best learn something in the process. Stock brokering was the furthest thing from his mind and even though he wanted no part of that game, the near future would hold another story about what he thought of stock brokering and lawyers. He turned and walked back inside to find Sue on the phone to Safeway ordering ten different kinds of imported coffee and chicken, potatoes, butter, milk, bacon, cheese and he lost track after hearing all that as he sat down in the big easy chair picking up the photo mag left before. He heard Sue in the kitchen probably preparing the pizza, but he wasn’t too hungry. The thought of love making was more on his mind than anything else. He closed his eyes and thought about the last time they made love on the floor in front of the fireplace. Her skin was like velvet and now all he wanted to do was lick her all over and bring her off with his tongue and lips. God she tasted like honey and he felt his member growing as the door bell rang and in walked the Orange Turtle aunt, saying with a fingernail on the black board sound. “Sue, where are you?”
She took a look at Ron sitting in the stuffed chair and stuck her pug nose in the air wondering why he was still here. While waiting for Sue who answered and told her she would be there in a second, Ron took a long look at her. Indeed her hair was an off orange and her face caked with makeup almost the same color. Heavy red lipstick on puffy lips over a chinless fat neck made her look like a street whore from the fifties. Today’s dress was lavender with giant purple flowers reaching to her fat calves with rolled up hose hiding the varicose veins. A heavy faded red sweater open over her humongous breasts were all that kept her warm he thought.
Sue came walking in and aunt Bee, without sitting down said with vehemence, “What is he still doing here. It looks like the bum has found a home. Have you no sense girl that this guy is only after your money and could care less about anything else.” With that said while Sue stood there with her mouth open she sat down on the sofa with the only sounds now were the groaning of the sofa from her bulk sinking to the bottom. How she would get up, Ron thought. 
Sue moved to her mother’s chair and sat down and what Ron saw was a red face, tight jawed Sue and what he heard from her mouth put a smile on his face. Sue said, “Aunt Bee, I love you, but one more caustic rotten remark and we will end our relationship here and now. I love this man and it is none of your business to interfere. As a matter of fact I hope to marry Ron and have his children, if I’m not already pregnant.” 
Now it was aunt Bee’s turn to see her mouth fall open as Ron stood up to take his leave. He walked between them magazine in hand and left for the garage. He’d heard enough and what he heard about Sue being pregnant brought a giddy feeling as he entered the cold garage. He went to the little room and found an electric wall heater and turned it on. The room felt ice cold and damp. He threw back the thin covers and crawled into bed. He blocked out his mind what was happening in the house and focused on photography which he found most interesting. 
He must have dozed off when he heard Sue’s voice asking if he was in there. Ron rubbed his eyes and she opened the door saying, “Ron you here?” Tears were flowing down her face and he told her yes, it would take more than that battle axe to run him off. She quit crying when she found him still here and moved slowly to the bed. He opened the covers and pulled her down on top of him as her cane hit the floor. He wrapped the covers around her and licked the salty tears from her eyes and cheeks. God she tastes good, her thought. Sues’ arms were dug underneath him and it felt like she was trying to weld her body to his. Ron raised his hand and took her face once again in his hands and kissed her deeply searching for her tongue to play with. She kissed him back not like an expert kisser, but a lady in love with her man.
Soon they warmed up as she was cold as ice when she came in from the outside. Still locked together he raised her sweat shirt and played with her smooth back tracing his fingers up and down her spine and down under her pants without panties to her small butt cheeks. He traced her crack and rubbed her back with his other hand while moaning sounds were escaping her lips learning how to French kiss. Ron broke the lip lock and buried his face in her neck. By now Sue was moving her hips on his hard penis. Then she sat up and pulled her sweat shirt off and coming back down offering her perky breasts to his mouth. Ron accepted the offer and gently sucked her breast one and a time running his tongue around the pink little nipples. Sue reached behind her to feel his hard penis and rubbed it up and down not really knowing what to do as he still had his pants on.
By now Ron was so caught up in her breasts and smooth skin her rolled her over and continued his movements on her front side up and then down from stomach to neck and all parts in-between. Moaning sounds of pure pleasure escaped her lips awhile he went further down her past her stomach stopping at the triangle of love. He inhaled her scent and noticed a faint hint of soap mixed with her own fragrance made him even more passionate. She was wet, more than wet as he ran his tongue slowly around the inner lips and teased the clitoris making it hard trying to stand up for his liking. His hands reached up and took both nipples between his fingers and gently squeezed as sounds of love came from her lips. Her hands held his over her breasts squeezing even harder as her passion grew from his tongue going in circles around her clit. Ron moved his head down and buried his tongue in her love channel and then down below to just between her bottom and pussy. He teased with his tongue and then came back up to continue stimulation of her hard little love button that sent her to an indescribable place of being. Her body jerked and spasms of climax went on and on. Ron held her tight and rested his head on her soft belly while she recovered from her orgasm. His hands continued to roam across her smooth skin, but careful not to touch the sensitive areas. 
A few minutes later he stood up and took his clothes off and lay back down besides her holding her tightly whispering words of love to her ear. She ran her hand over his chest and played with his nipples. In no time she had her hand around his hard member and gently stroking it. Ron was on the verge of coming and told her to slow down as he couldn’t take much more before he ejaculated. She stopped and moved down to the side of him and took his penis in her mouth, long blonde hair falling over his stomach and her face tickled his body. Sue without experience went up and down, but Ron gave her some helps moving his hips with short strokes giving her the idea. Quickly he felt the funny feeling coming and with a groan he released his sperm into her mouth. Sue licked and swallowed as some ran down to his scrotum. Sue wanted it all and stayed with his softening penis till nothing was left. She wiped her mouth on the sheets and snuggled up beside him and was fast asleep. Two minutes later only soft breathing sounds were heard as the rain began again.
 
Chapter VII

When they woke up it was dark and rain fell against the non insulated roof of the garage. Sue lay with her long blonde hair hanging over her face in fine strands of what looked to Ron like pure silk. He brushed aside some of her hair to gaze at her lovely face. He knew her eyes were lifeless, but starring at her he could feel her sending vision messages of love coupled with lips begging to be kissed. Kiss her he did and when they broke for air, she said, “I wonder if the pizza is ready?” He laughed and told her they should go check it out and build the fire back up. A shower would be nice he thought as he pulled on a pair of sweat pants and sweat shirt. Sue jumped out of bed and pulled on her sweat outfit and they walked hand in hand to the back of the house to the kitchen. A little wet they stripped down and took a quick shower as they both were hungry after a physical workout. 
Sue had turned the pizza off after her aunt left in a huff and while they ate pizza and drank some wine she told him the rest of the story after he left for the garage. “My aunt wasn’t happy at all and she told me something I didn’t know about before. I’m still thinking about what she said. It went like this, ‘If he thinks he can steal your money, you and him both have a surprise waiting for you when you go to the bank,’ and then she left slamming the door.”
“I doubt it means much and who cares what she says anyway. She’s just jealous and upset you found someone besides her to be a companion. By the way what’s this marriage business and with child?” 
Sue grinned and knew from his voice he wasn’t angry or mad, just teasing her. “Well, I’m in the middle of my cycle and if you are fertile there is a good chance of conception.  I hope so as I want to have some kids. Even if you don’t marry me I’ll be very happy to have your baby.”
The fire sent flecks of orange and reds off her white skin as he looked at her eating a pizza looking like a true goddess. He said with a soft voice, “Sue as you know I’m pretty mixed up with emotions and this past year has sent short circuits through my brain. One thing I can tell you is that the life I led before in New York is gone forever. It would appear that Seattle is as good a place as any to start a new life and it's downright impossible to find someone better than you.”
Sue hung her head and felt the warmth of the fireplace on her cheeks. Amy lay beside her and she felt Ron only a few feet away, but it could have been a mile as thoughts of him not spending the rest of his life with her hit her solar plexus like a sock to the stomach. She realized she had no experience and he’d been married before. Am I just dreaming she thought? Maybe aunt Bee is right and I’m living in fantasy land. So what, it is what I want to do right now and being with him and feeling love for the first time is natural and good. Love hurts sometimes and if this all crashes around me, so be it. Sue raised her head and said, “Ron if you left tomorrow I’d be hurt, but I’d recover. The last two days for me has felt like a lifetime. But if it doesn’t feel right and you’re not comfortable with our relationship, then I’ll accept the consequences like the chicken I really am.” He laughed and she loved his masculine laugh. 
He said nothing and she finished off her pizza and drank her wine. Ron finished off his wine and wanted no more. Apparently he was pass the need for alcohol, but not pass loving her. He noticed the start of watery eyes and slowly they succumbed to gravity flowing down her cheeks. No sounds of sobbing; only the sounds of the grandfather clock swinging with the earth a tick tock at a time. Darkness outside with a soft rain, fireplace glow on her skin, a warm room and feeling made his body ache all over for her. Simply put he couldn’t get enough of her. She sat there saying nothing and seeing nothing while he stood up and shed his clothes. Sue heard what he was doing and lifted her sweat shirt over her head revealing her upturned breasts glowing from the fireplace light. She moved to rest her head on the pillow as he lay beside her snuggled into her neck while her long hair flowed over his face giving off her clean hair scent mixed with her subtle perfume. She turned her wet cheeks to his face and he tenderly kissed her nibbling on her bottom lip. Strangely he felt his eyes watering mixing with hers as he hungrily kissed her harder. She held him tight. So tight he felt all of her strength flowing into him as she reached down and held his hard penis in her hand. Ron broke his lock on her mouth and took one of her breasts in his mouth and slowly enveloped the whole thing in his mouth. Sue’s sounds of passion mixed with the sound of the grandfather clock striking the hour.
Moving down to her belly he noticed the light reflecting off her blonde fuzz on her stomach and belly button. He ran his tongue around her belly button and reached inside her pants finding her wet and ready. He pushed down her pants and sat up to finish taking them off. Sue spread her legs and he climbed on top. He poised over her wet vagina and she placed him inside her feeling it fill her to her womb. No words can describe how she felt as more tears of happiness fell from both of their eyes: his falling on her breasts and her tears sliding off to the sides of her cheeks. 
Long slow strokes mixing to lovers together and when he felt the rush of semen coming he stopped at full depth and let it go while she exclaimed her passion knowing life was being born inside her at that moment. She never climaxed, but there was no need to as fulfillment held her in a locked state of mind for many minutes while he stayed inside her until finally softness ended the warm snug tunnel of love. 
Ron laid his head of her stomach and she stroked his head freeing his pony tail and running her hands through his thick hair. She said, “Did you always have long hair?” 
Ron licked his dry lips and replied, “No I just never got a haircut in the last year. I’m thinking about getting it cut off, what do you think?”
“It’s up to you as I hear the style today is short hair, but whatever you want is fine with me. Mine is getting a little long and I was thinking of having it shortened up a little. I like my long hair as when I brush it I feel like my mother is brushing it when I was a little girl. Do you like my hair?”
“Sue,” he softly said at almost a whisper, “Your hair is the most lovely I’ve ever seen. When the light hits it the shine coming off would melt any man’s knees. Pure blonde hair that sways when you walk or bounces when up in a pony tail, makes my heart pound. Besides that your pussy hair is as soft as your hair on your head. Silky smooth and holds the love juice of your passion. Does that answer your question?” as he moved his head down to her still wet triangle. No answer as she closed her eyes and went to never - never land. 
The next morning, Monday, the sun breaking through heavy clouds, found them at a car dealer talking to a salesman about a new van. Ron was trying to pay attention to what she said, but he’d not a clue about motors and such things. Sue on the other hand was listening carefully about the interior and the idea of what it would hold for storage. At last, to Ron’s relief, they sat down in her tiny office to make the deal. Ron did his best with the saleslady talking about the advertisement with cash back and low interest and on and on. She penciled it out and they agreed on the price. Sue took out her check book and both the saleslady and Ron noticed it had bumps for fingers where date, amount and signature went. She left the pay to order to the dealership. She excused herself and left to the office. Fully fifteen minutes later she returned with a down cast hangdog look and said, “Your bank only authorized ten thousand leaving a balance of more than fifteen thousand. What would you like me to do Ms. Lyons?”
Sue had a shocked look and asked if she could use the phone to call the bank. A few minutes later she had the bank on the line with a voice she recognized as John Peters. Sue asked him what the problem was as she had way more in the bank than what the total cost was. After she hung up she told Ron that under a power of attorney her aunt Bee could only authorize the excess over ten thousand. And that her lawyer sent specific instructions to that effect and he suggested I contact the firm as regards the will from her late mother. 
Ron said, “Let’s go and see your attorney and get to the bottom of this really strange circumstances.” Joy,” the saleslady Ron asked, “would you be open to holding onto this check and we will get back to you soonest.”
“Sure, my boss says we can put it in the safe until you decide what happens next.”
By now Ron was a little upset and he said, “We will be back this afternoon with payment for you,” as they left the way they came. Outside Ron asked Sue, “Honey do you have the lawyer’s phone number and address. I think we best take a taxi and find out what kind of will was left to you.”
“Of course I do,” as she reached into her bag for her cell. A few moments later she was talking to her lawyer’s secretary. Finally an appointment for eleven am Ron heard and Sue hung up. It was now only nine thirty and Ron asked Sue if he could use her cell for a call. Sue wrinkled her forehead and handed him the special cell for the blind. 
He punched in some numbers while held his arm. She wasn’t going to turn lose of him no matter what. She was scared and Ron felt her tension while he waited for an answer on the other end. Sue heard him say, “Hello mother and yes I’m fine and well here in Seattle.” The usual periods of one sided conversation was all Sue could hear as he continued say, “Mom I’ve met a wonder girl and we are in love. I promise to call later and fill you in on all the details. I’ve a new life and New York and all things connected are gone forever. No drinking and I feel better now than in my entire life. Now please let me talk to father.” A long silence occurred and then Ron said, “Hello father and I’m more than fine.  I feel wonderful and in love with plans of marriage again. I need a favor dad I need a hundred thousand sent to a bank here in Seattle. Like I told mom I promise to call tomorrow as the time difference will be late tonight before all this money stuff transpires. Finally dad, I’m so sorry I’ve not kept in contact. Now I have both feet on the ground and back one hundred percent after a hiatus.” Ron listened for a few minutes and thanked his father closing the cell putting it in Sue’s hand.
Sue totally shocked said, “Ron what is this all about? You just asked your father for more money than I can believe. I thought you were destitute and with nowhere to go. Now I hear wonderful things about you and am so excited I want you to hold me and kiss me and lay me on the parking lot and make love to me!”
Ron broke out in a knee slapping laugh and held her tight saying, “Honey let’s go see this lawyer guy and after that we will go to the bank my father said to visit. 
Sitting in the waiting room of the law firm of, Shipley, Downs and Shipley, the secretary said Mr. Shipley would be with them in a minute. No sooner said than done an old decrepit man with yellow dentures made his way slowly from somewhere behind the secretary saying, “Good morning Sue. It is always nice to see you and please follow me to my office,” as he turned and Ron guided Sue down a well lit hall way with closed doors along the way. Reaching the end of the hall an office door stood open waiting for the next customer to be put on the clock for monthly billing. Ron didn’t much like lawyers, but decided to be on his best behavior. Sam as he told Sue and Ron to call him after introductions took place sat down behind his massive desk looking like a little kid playing executive while father was absent. Two nice comfortable chairs stood at an angle to the desk as Sam took control from the beginning saying, “Sue I’d guess you are here to find out the details of your mother’s will. Let me read it to you and then you can ask what questions come to mind,”
In a fatherly voice, looking over his half glasses down a long thin nose he read the will. Ten minutes later to Ron heard that of course all the proceeds and assets went to Sue and the power of attorney went to aunt Bee to prevent anyone from taking advantage of a blind girl. Ron and Sue both heard the ten thousand dollar limit without aunt Bees approval and in the end heard that was life power of attorney unless Sue married. End of story and neither Ron nor Sue had a question. Sam gave off a sigh and told them his hands were tied by the will. 
Ron and Sue stood up together and thanked Sam for his report and lastly Ron said, “You will be receiving a document of certificate of marriage in the near future.”
Sam, with a big smile gave them both congratulations and saw them to the front of the secretary’s door. 
In the lobby of the office building that held more than one law firm and a bank that just so happened to be the bank his father told him to visit, they walked into the main branch of Bank of America. Ron found a person with a placard of “New Accounts” and introduced both he and Sue. The well dressed middle aged woman with a bankers smile asked them to take a chair and what could she do to help them. Ron dug out his driver’s license and told her a bank transfer was either here or on the way from his father. Ms. Brown picked up the license and told them to wait a minute while she checked it out. Five minutes later she was back with an apologetic look and said, “Sorry Mr. Filbert but it usually takes a few days for a bank transfer to come in.”
“And I don’t mean to be pushy but would you please check with your bank manager or president and see if he or she has word from Ronald Filbert the Second?
“Of course, please wait again,” as she scurried off to find someone to take responsibility other than her. Ten minutes went by and he saw Ms. Brown following a yuppie looking guy with a pasted smile on showing off white teeth and a baby faced look about him. Soft and a little pudgy looking, with short hands and stubby fingers sticking out for a handshake, looked at Ron like a long lost friend just back for a walk around the world. 
A Mr. Lathsworth said, “Mr. Filbert, I was sort of expecting your call, but now I see you are here. Would you please follow me to my office,” as his gaze settled on Sue who if she hadn’t her cane with her, Ron would have known he was in the presence of a one beautiful woman. Mr. Lathsworth couldn’t keep his eyes of Sue as Ron smiled inwardly.
Twenty minutes later with the bank manager’s calling card and some blank checks with his signature on them Ron and Sue went to lunch in the basement deli. Once seated Sue said, “Ok, buster who are you? I think you took advantage of a blind person to just get into her pants,” she said with a big smile and head held high. 
“Ok a confession if you will,” as he held her hands in his. “My father is very rich and I’m an only son with a sister. We have a good relationship and they love me very much as I do them. The last word I sent was from Montana on a postcard saying I was fine and don’t worry. I’d planned to tell you soon, but I’ve been so busy tending to my love making I haven’t had time to call them,” he said with a squeeze of the delicate fingers inside his hands. 
“Ok, I forgive you and what about the advance on your wages you mentioned just a day or so ago,” she chided. 
“Oh that, well you offered me a job, but never told me what the salary was. I go my own way and by the way when is payday?” he laughed out loud and people were beginning to stare at them. 
Lunch out of the way they taxied to the car dealer and soon were at the State License Bureau getting a new driver’s license for Ron. After that they took a little drive around their neighborhood and went home parking their new van in front of the garage. Sue went in the house to catch up on some computer work while Ron stayed with the van looking more closely at the strange to him vehicle. It was late in the afternoon with a mostly cloudy sky, but no rain forecast. Ron was about to shut the sliding door and lock the van up when he heard and then saw aunt Bee’s old car pull up at the sidewalk. The old car as usual had a blue cloud of smoke drift over it. The car as she lumbered out, using the door for handicap leverage, with overtired springs rose up she stared at Ron watching her with a smirk. 
Waddling over she said, with her usual smokers voice, “Just the man I want to see and if I might ask, where you did you get this new van?”
Ron was up for a game of words with her and said, “At the car dealer.”
“I can see that mister Filbert, now I have something to offer you in exchange for you disappearing out of our lives.” She walked up closer to him with the van sliding door still open. She handed him a fat envelope and he took it looking inside seeing a wad of one hundred dollar bills. He looked up at her waiting for her to stick her foot in her mouth. She continued by saying, “There’s five thousand in the envelope and now takes it and go away.”
Ron replied sitting down on the edge of the van leaving turtle butt standing, “What would Sue say about this bribe?”
“She is too young and inexperienced to handle adult things in my opinion. Now, as it is growing late I’ll go see Sue and when I come back out I expect you to be gone.”
Ron grew a little grim and said, “You’ve had your way too long and I’m here to stay. This envelope of money is pocket change in my family. Let me tell you a story and then you can disappear to Arizona. First I hold an MBA from Harvard and for twenty years a successful stock broker. I’m an only son of one of the richest men in America. My father at last report in Forbes was nineteen on the list of the super rich. This is my van which today I paid over twenty five thousand cash for it. Now you offer me five thousand as a bribe when I’ll inherit close to a billion dollars when my parents leave this earth? Come on aunt Bee, Sue is an adult. Treat her like one. If I chose to and I wouldn’t because of my love for your niece I could make life very miserable for you. Now take the money and put it back where you got it and leave us alone. Go to Arizona and search your soul and come back asking for forgiveness,” as he slid the door shut to finalize the conversation. 
Aunt Turtle Butt stood there with her mouth hanging open sucking and exhaling fetid breath wheezing then turned and walked away looking like a duck out of water. Her old car fired up in a blast of blue smoke and she drove off. Ron went in the house as a wind freshened bringing the promise of a rainy night.
 
Chapter VIII

Ron found Sue banging away on the computer and gave her kiss on the top of her head and left quietly. She murmured sounds of acceptance and continued writing from memory. Inwardly she smiled as what she wrote was a new novel and deep down hoped he would like it. Ron meanwhile sat reading by the standup floor lamp the photography books. Next to him on the small table was her laptop and when he browsed through the mags, he turned to the computer surfing the how to sites for armature camera buffs. 
About two hours later, pitch dark outside and Ron looked out the window across the street to see if it was raining through the glow from the street light. A fine mist was falling and silently Sue walked up behind him circling her arms around his waist laying her head against his back. He said, while holding her arms next to his body, “Want to go out for dinner or stay home and build a fire and get naked?”
“I want to do both. I’m selfish and want it all. I think when the baby comes I won’t be having much freedom, so now let’s experience and fill up our days enjoying each other's company. I fear you’ll get sick of me hanging on you, but I’m deleting twenty years of loneliness like it’s my last day on earth changing it to happiness in only a few days, weeks and months. I have no experience with a relationship and will make lots of mistakes. Okay enough of that. Take me to dinner in a nice restaurant in our new car.”
Ron had no idea where a nice restaurant was so he drove around towards the interstate and promptly got lost. No idea where he was at Sue was laughing her head off and Amy in the back seat thought it was time to play. Ron spotted a Chinese place in a strip mall and that was good enough for him. Sue told Amy to wait and she took Ron’s arm with her cane and they both took a deep breath smelling soy sauce and garlic mixed with onions and whatever else filled the large dining room making them both hungry.  
They sat in a circle booth so close together it was lucky for Ron he was to her left so he could use his right hand. When dinner came Ron helped her telling her what was what and guiding her fork to the plate. Observers might think it was a chore for him, but he loved the sensual act touching her hand while she ate. She said, “I’ve had take out Chinese before, but this is much nicer than eating at the table out of the small boxes they give you.” Ron munching on some cashew chicken grunted his approval. For the first time he noticed she could use either hand doing different things while he was only right handed. 
While eating she transferred her fork to her left hand a moved her right hand to his thigh sending shock waves through his body as she gently rubbed his crotch. She never changed expressions and continued her rubbing until his member filled with the liquid of pleasure. Now he was greatly disturbed as the food now tasted bland while he thought of only making love to her again and again till he couldn’t move. Was this lust or love he thought. Lust was for twenty and thirty year olds, not for guys over forty, he thought. Meanwhile she quit teasing him and continued to eat leaving him hurting for room in his new pants. Never mind he said to no one under his breath and continued with some deep fried prawns dipping them in a hot soy sauce. 
Afterwards they drank tea and talked about what they would do tomorrow. Ron said, “I’m wondering how to get home. I’m lost and have no idea where we are, let alone what we are doing tomorrow.”
Sue said not to worry as their new van had location and address with a map to tell them where they are and how to get to the address. “I heard the saleslady tell us about the neat accessory, but you will have to locate it and program the destination.” 
Ron listened with both ears and felt a little better, but would feel lots better home lying on the floor making love to her now that dinner was over. He said, “Well, let’s go and give it a try,” as they rose to leave taking the bill to the counter. Ron gave his new credit card from his father faxing the bank to make one for him now rather than later. It was just before time to leave the bank when a courier out of breath delivered the card. The banker looked at it and raised his eyebrows over his pudgy baby cheeks and said, “They’re only a few cards like this in Seattle. Gates has one and the Boeing CEO also has one. This card has no limit,” as he handed it to Ron.
Now Ron gave the Chinese man his card and waited for him to run it through the machine. The Chinese man had never seen a card like this one and spent two minutes looking it over before he ran it through the machine. Ron signed it and he compared signatures. Apparently satisfied he handed it back with a small smile and a low bow thinking he had someone special tonight. Later they laughed about it and Ron told her from now he didn’t need a draw on his salary as she slugged him in the arm laughing so hard she almost wet her pants. 
Twenty minutes later after discovering how to use the locator they followed the ever changing map to home. Both were full and tired from a long day so they called it a night and snuggled up and went to dream land with Amy next to the bed on a rug.
Ron woke early and slipped out of bed and went to bathroom. He brushed his teeth and vowed to make an appointment at a dentist to clean his teeth and a check up. It was still dark out and he turned the heat on and jumped back into bed waking his love with kisses on the neck and with his hands under her night shirt playing with the hardening nipples as he moaned with pleasure. She broke away and told him she would be back in minute hurrying to the bathroom. Ron looked at the ceiling that was painted a faded mauve with wall paper of yesteryear. Ugly flowers a pale yellow off set with a dull red back ground. Family pictures sat on her dresser incongruous with her sight. The rug was worn out with thread bare patches here and there. The only thing new was the bed. Ron decided a remodel was on his list and he would talk to Sue about it. Now when she paddled back shivering from the morning cold, jumping on top of him she buried her face in his neck and then soft kisses turned to wet and the love making was on. 
Next thing he knew she was between his legs swallowing his member making it hard in no time. Ron realized she was gaining experience quickly and then she straddled him with her long hair falling over her face while she guided him to her wet waiting love spot. When she felt the first entry she gasped a little and worked her way down to the bottom staying there enjoying the fullness as she flipped her hair back while raising her head to the ceiling; while Ron looked at her small breasts arched out with hard nipples begging to be touched. He kept his hands to the side of her waist and slowly then faster she moved her hips up and down her arms straight to the sides of his waist. He couldn’t take his eyes of her slightly bouncing breasts as she moved faster and faster as she came with almost a scream from her mouth as he too let loose with his orgasm. Ron first thoughts as his breathing recovered was if he was fertile there would be little doubt one of the billion or so sperm would find a home in an egg. A smile creased his face as she lay on him still shaking from the passion just completed. Ron with his arms around her said through a dry mouth, “How about a shower and I want a cup of coffee really bad. You are going to be the death of me if you keep this up,” he whispered with a slap to her cute butt. 
“What’s the matter Mr. Filbert I thought all men were ready all the time. I’ll tell you what I will do, I’ll leave you alone until tonight and that is a promise,” she said in a sexy voice of love while crawling off of him walking to the shower. Ron rather meekly followed her to the shower where the familiar smell of her shampoo filled his nose. A special wash job on both bodies rounded off a nice bout of love making followed by the mutual wash made both hungry for breakfast and especially Ron’s fresh ground coffee beans. Ironically Sue had a cup of coffee too when she sat down at the breakfast table. While she was getting dressed Ron had made some toast out of English muffins. Coming home last night Ron made a quick run into a Safeway and grabbed a dozen eggs, strawberry jam and some English muffins. 
“Honey would you make some scrambled eggs for us. If you do that I will send you to heaven and back later tonight,” he said with a smooth talking voice with honey dripping off it. 
“Now how can I refuse such an offer?” Then she came around the table and gave him a toothpaste kiss. “Let me feed Amy first and then she can do her job outside. She’s as regular as clock work and I can hear her tail swishing back and forth waiting for her breakfast.”
“I’m in no hurry and I want to go outside and look at the interior of our van and see what we can do to make it travel worthy. We need to go shopping for some outdoor camping type things like ice chest, sleeping bags, blankets, and on and on. It’s cold here and if we go to the mountains we need the proper things, especially sleeping bags when you get naked and I can’t keep you warm enough long enough,” heard by Sue the implications and the anticipation of the sojourn. 
Ron went to the garage and found a shovel to clean up after Amy and then mentally checked out the inside of the van. The seats in the back came out easily and soon he had them stored in the garage. On his last trip he stood and stared at the statue of Sue feeling a lump rising in his throat. He ran his hands over the smooth stone and then gave her a finger kiss and went to the house for breakfast. 
Once more drinking another cup of coffee Ron asked, “Tell me what your schedule might be. I’m going to call my parents in a few minutes and tell them all there is about us and what we're doing.”
Sue responding saying, “Like before I want to go up to the North Cascades and slowly take in the scenery with you practicing camera work; then on over to the east side to Wenatchee a tourist town with orchards of apples. After that we come back over the interstate crossing through Snoqualmie Pass down to Bellevue and back home. I have a map and while you drink your coffee you can see where we are going. We head north to Sedro Woolley and then northeast to the North Cascades. Wait a minute I’ll be right back,” as she left for her office. 
After she gave Ron the map she washed the dishes and he browsed the map tracing where they were going. After that he told her he would call his parents and left for the living room taking the portable phone with him. For the next hour Ron answered each and every question his parents had except the last one: when are you getting married?
Ron laughed and told them after this trip he would call again and give them a date. The last thing his father and mother told him was how much they wanted to see a grand baby. Ron told them not to worry that they were working hard to provide them with maybe more than one grandchild. His mother chastised him and his father just gave off his usual barrel laugh telling his son he would spread the word at the club tomorrow when he played golf. Finally his father turned serious and said, “Son you know we’ve more money than we could ever spend in ten life times. You made our day for the first time in your life asking for some help. I told the banker not to let it drop below one hundred and have some fun now that you are back with us. We love you,” he said with a choked voice and hung up. Ron had tears running down his face when Sue came in and instantly felt him sad or worried about something. She awkwardly sat in his lap in the overstuffed arm chair and felt his face feeling his tears running down his face. 
Sue laid her head on his shoulder and asked very quietly, “Honey is everything all right?”
“Yes, everything is fine. I’m just so damn happy and so are my parents. I so want to see them again. Let’s, if you want, have a Christmas wedding.” 
“Oh God yes,” as she licked his salty tears that led to his mouth where she locked on and would let go until he satisfied her need with is tongue roaming around her mouth. Sue felt the hardness under her and with a deep throat sound said, “If we keep this up we will never get to the mountains,” and she rose up announcing she was ready to leave when he was. 
Ron before had looked through the phone book for an outdoor store that sold quality goods. He settled on a store called R.E.I. He packed up their new backpacks and some outdoor clothes and left with Amy sitting between them in the back. Riding in a car was not new, but she could feel the excitement of the trip. Following the map they made their way across town to the outdoor store. Almost two hours later they left with a van full of stuff and a credit card amount that would shock most people. For Sue’s benefit he described the store and everything they bought from socks to hats, sleeping bags to a tent, cooking items to food storage and both laughed when they headed out of town north on I-5 for the North Cascades. Like kids in a candy store they named each item and color for the record. 
By the time they hit Everett just north of Seattle Ron was used to the van and how it handled. Sue had conked out and lay back in her chair with her seatbelt on and hair draped over her lovely face. She was wearing Levi jeans and a dark green new sweatshirt. To Ron’s surprise she had diamond studs in her ears and with her pale white skin flashes of light reflected off bringing small heart attacks to the driver as he looked at the love of his life. Her feet were tucked up somewhat and her new white Nike’s with short socks looked like he could eat them one by one knowing what they kept warm inside. 
Sue slept all the way to Mr. Vernon where Ron pulled off the freeway to a restaurant for lunch. It was late afternoon and he was sure Amy needed a pea break and so did he. Sue woke up when he slowed down off the freeway and parked in the roadside restaurant. He took Amy for a walk as Sue stretched and combed her hair. Back at the van he put Amy in and opened her door. The afternoon sun through broken clouds caught the backlight shinning through her corn silk hair. Sue put on her sunglasses and took his arm entering the restaurant. He led her to the restrooms and told her he would pick her up soon as he was finished. A few minutes later they were seated in a mostly empty place. Ron ordered a BLT and Sue had a cob salad. Saving some chicken for Amy later. Then Sue asked, “Where are we anyway? I feel asleep and it feels like late afternoon.”
A place called Mt. Vernon and not far where the highway heads northeast to the mountains. Maybe we should find a motel and wait until morning to go up the North Cascades.”
“Yes, good idea and if there is time before dark, we could sort out our stuff and tomorrow go grocery shopping for the day.”
“I like that idea and I’m ready for a little relaxation maybe with a movie at motel.”
“You would have to explain what is going on and do you really want to do that?”
“Can’t hurt to try and you can hear and I could give you the scene. Let’s chose a romantic movie and make love all night long,” he said with a little irony.
At the motel he checked in saying to the clerk he wanted the best room in the house. Preferably the bridal suite if you have one.”
“Yes sir, we have one as lot’s of freshly married people go to Canada and its quite popular in the summer time,” he said while processing his unusual credit card, but this time the guy never paid any attention to it. 
Ron carried the bags up and described the room to Sue. “The color on the walls reminds me of a pale tomato soup color. The carpet is a darker crimson with gold flakes reflecting off the lights. A dressing table for brides sits with a giant mirror asking who is the fairest of all. A round table with two stiff looking uncomfortable chairs sits by the window that faces the freeway which you no doubt hear very clearly. The biggest thing in the room is the round bed. Yes dear, a round bed for us to frolic on with a pink bedspread and countless small pillows I presume are used for sex. Let’s see what the bathroom has to offer,” as he walked in and took a gander. “Wow, you are going to love this one honey. A giant hot tub sits here waiting for us after we organize the van.” 
Sue had moved to the round bed and sat down with Amy, after a two hundred dollar deposit for possible dog damage sat with her looking as perplexed as its master. Sue said, “Ron I’m a little scared as the only other room I’ve slept in for many years is at aunt Bees. Where is the TV and is it sitting on a table so I don’t stumble over it?”
“Honey the TV is a wall new thin model out of the way of anyone walking around the room. Do you want me to walk you around and you can get the feel of the place?”
“No, I can do it by starting at the door and making a circle clock wise,” as she rose with her cane feeling her way to the door. The door as a reference point she moved around the room stopping at the bathroom door locating the toilet and then she found the table next to the window stopping and listening. Her cane hit something next to the bed and she asked him about what it was. He told her it was a small refrigerator and he moved to check it out as she sat back down on the bed rolling from edge to edge confused about a round bed. 
She still had on her sunglasses as Ron pounced on her half laying on top of her sucking her sweet tasting lips. Sue relaxed and returned the loving. After a steamy session of kissing they went down to the van for placing things in their places for the trip the next day. Ron, while Sue stood listening while he told her where each thing was placed in the van from front to back. After he had it the way it should be she crawled in on her hands and knees and felt each thing one by one as he told her what it was. Here an ice chest; there a container holding their packs; and there a box of first aid and flashlights and so on. Their sleeping bags stacked next to the back of the driver’s seat and a pile of wool blankets behind the passenger seat giving plenty of room for Amy. 
It was growing dark and all was ship shape so they went back to their room. Ron noticed a restaurant next door for later while he led her up the stairs to the bridal suite. Ron had turned the heat on before they left knowing how cold it was becoming outside with a clear sky bright red to the west flooding the motel with gentle rays of gold reflecting off the yellow building. The sky was tomorrow’s promise of a nice fall day he thought while turning on the TV. A guide to programs lay on the night stand with the remote. Scanning the programs he told Sue who was lying on the bed that many movie channels were offered. He read off a list and she told him she had no idea what was good or bad or recent or old. He sat the program down and went to fill up the half full hot tub and have it ready for later. 
Sue was staring at the ceiling and Ron felt something was really bothering her. Like most men he had never understood women very well. He lay down beside her and made a spoon molding his body next to hers. She wiggled her butt next to him trying to get closer for security. After a few minutes she said, “This is my first time outside the city of Seattle since I lost my sight. I’ve lost my base and am totally in your hands.” She turned to her back and continued, “I’m frightened and need time to adjust to such strange sounds and smells. I’m not worried about my safety as you are here and know I’m safe in your hands. I feel like I’m floating in space without any gravity. I’m not sure I can go through with this. One the one hand I want to go on and on the other return home where it is safe and secure with you always beside me in the house.” Then she raised her arms to take him and hold him close. Ron with tears welling up held her tight and whispered tender words of love and commitment in her small soft ears that invited his tongue to play with. She said, “Make love to me please so I can escape for awhile and then I will be fine.”
Ron gladly accepted the request and as the room was now warm he slowly took her jeans, panties and sweatshirt off. He rolled her on her stomach and started at her neck and worked his way down paying particular attention to the small of her back. With mouth and hands he kissed his way down to her cute backside. He ran his tongue up and down her crack and she spread her legs inviting more. Sounds of love he heard from her as he worked down her legs stopping at the inside of her knees and feeling how smooth and soft they were. His target was her feet he remembered from when she was sleeping in the van. He massaged her feet and took each toe in his mouth rolling his tongue around and sucking each toe till she cried out loud in passion. Satisfied he moved back to her cute behind and once again licked her crack and playfully bites her cheeks. Sue raised her legs to a knee position inviting him to explore further. In took the invite and ran his tongue around her anus sending waves of satisfaction through her entire body making her shudder with happiness. Slowly he pushed his tongue inside her and racks of climax took her to a level she could only have described somewhere between heaven and the fourth of July all wrapped up in one place. 
Ron was ready to explode and laid his head on the small of her back with an ache in his crotch that threatened release if touched. Slowly he regained control as Sue lay not moving. Ron ran his tongue lightly on her back and she made sounds of warm feelings and then rolled over making him move. She spread her legs and he rose over her sending his throbbing member deep into her and without a stroke let forth his sperm shuddering from the high erotic state he floated in. Sue wrapped her legs around him pinning him inside her until his flaccid penis slipped out. Both of them lay side by side panting as sounds of the freeway drifted in on the cold night air.
Ron came back to reality and heard the water still flowing into the hot tub. He said, “Honey let’s try out the hot tub. You’ll really like it I promise you.”
“Yes, I’m back now and my vagina is sore and needs some hot water,” as both of them made their way to the hot water. A half hour later groggy and totally relaxed they went to bed and their sleep was dreamless. 
 
Chapter IX

The next morning found two hungry people wolfing down omelets at the next door restaurant. The day was fine, but cold. A bright sun shone through the windows rising over the Cascade Range. Ron’s heart went out to her not being able to witness the fine clear morning, but realized she saw it in her own way. He loved helping her like putting jam on her toast, making sure all went well. People looked at the couple with thoughts he wasn’t sure of. Some looks were sad with pity and others with amazement that she sat there eating without someone feeding her; others were indifferent and paid no attention to the nice looking couple and especially the beautiful long blonde haired lady who looked more like a movie star than anything. 
Ron looked at his new REI watch and it was seven thirty. They left the restaurant with some folks looking on with envy and others bewildered with who they were. 
Meanwhile back in Seattle, a breakfast meeting was taking place between aunt Bee, John Peters the banker and Sam Shipley the lawyer. It was crisis time and their whole plan was in double jeopardy. Sam spoke first saying, “I guess the game is up and we better just face that fact,”
“No way Sam,” aunt Bee replied with jowls shaking up and down. “I’ll go to my grave first before I let that devil Ron Filbert ruin our… our little scam. We must find a way to discredit him in front of my niece’s presence. I have an idea and let’ see what you think of this,’ as she forked a mouth full of pancakes dripping with syrup. If I remember correctly Sam you added the clause giving us lifetime funds of ten percent each of the gross of her income each year. In addition we get ten percent for each of the jobs we hold of the assets of the estate. My income depends on my power of attorney continuing even if she marries. I too feel we are in trouble from this smart Harvard guy and suggest we negotiate a way out while we have the element of surprise given her falling over heels in love. What do you think?”
John Peters said, looking around like a kid stealing candy in a store, “I for one am having no more doings with the previous agreement and if you guys think you can take on the billionaire father you have right at it. His lawyers would dig us our own graves and we would spend the rest of our lives in jail. Count me out,” and with that he took his leave leaving Bee and Sam staring at one another. 
Sam added, “I agree with Peter and think we best quietly let her and her new man live in peace.”
“I can’t Sam. I bought that condo in Arizona as you know and my loan is through Peter. I need that income to make the mortgage payments and other bills. What do you suggest I do Sam?” Sam looked at the pitiful looking orange haired old woman who smelled like last year's perfume mixed with sweat. 
He said, “If I was you I’d throw myself on her mercy and come clean with a lot of tears and ask for her forgiveness.”
“Get down on my knees,” she vehemently said. “It would be a cold in you where before I begged from the guy.”
“No, Bee, I’m saying do it with your niece and without him. Surely she would have pity on you and might even set you up with a stipend for life. She is very rich and can well afford to help her only aunt out.”
Aunt Bee sat there, plate empty as Sam saw a large drop of syrup slowly sliding down her chin. He wanted to reach over and wipe it off, but dared not. He didn’t like her much and when she proposed the deal when Sue’s mother died, it sounded good and as the young girl had tons of money both in assets and income from her writing, thought a nice little cash flow to support his country club image. Now a grip of fear made his breakfast churn in his stomach and the tell tale signs of a heart burn coming. He said nothing else and picked up the bill leaving Bee to contemplate her bleak future. 
Bee saw him leave and didn’t care. This was her gig and was determined to see it through till the end. No way was she going to let that upstart ruin a good thing. First thing she was going to do was take all the cash she could out of the bank. Peter would authorize the transfer. She smiled inwardly remembering when she needed money for the condo Peter looked the other way when large transfers went to her bank in Phoenix. The credit card she had was a twenty thousand dollar limit. That would help out her furnishing in Arizona. Now for the coup, she thought. Time for a loan on the property and as power of attorney and the ability to forge Sue’s name, she would take a hundred thousand easily. 

Leaving the Best Western in Mr. Vernon they found highway 20 east. Ron kept a running dialog describing the country side of small and large farms on both sides of the highway. They were further north and fall was more evident. Fall was in full bloom with colors of brown and gold leaves swirling to the ground. Large hardwoods shedding copious amounts of leaves left a blown mass of flying leaves in his mirror passing by a row of trees lining the highway. He described the sun shine making flashes of shadows one minute and bright sun through the windshield the next. Fields of green mixed with brown ran alongside the river as they headed deeper into the valley and in the distance loomed the Cascade Mountains with their active volcanoes. Sue sat like a kid at a movie theater watching the excitement on the screen. She fired questions and her fingers flew over her laptop. Amy felt the excitement and paced around then finally tired of the pacing lay down for a nap.
Ron too was caught up in the excitement and took in the wonderful environment in their new van. Sue asked, out of the blue as he was deep in thought about the trip and how much he enjoyed the outing, “Are you happy and having some fun?”
“Sue honey, I will tell you the truth and I’m having the best time of my life right now with you and what we seek up on the mountain pass. I could do this forever and as long as you and Amy are with me, I love you and what we’re doing.”
She reached out and stroked his arm and said, “I’m trying to focus on the trip and record the visual you see, but all I want to do is stop and make love.”
Ron gave off a belly laugh waking Amy and said, “Honey now is not the place as many cars are coming and going, but maybe up on the mountain we can find a place to satisfy your libido.” Just then he saw a sign that said, Annie’s Pizza Station and pulled off the road telling Sue then needed to check this place out. Ron took out his camera bag and prepared to snap off a few pictures with van and Sue in front of Annie’s place. Lucky for him cameras are mostly foolproof and a setting of automatic allowed him to take the right pictures at the correct exposure. Sue leaned on the van waiting while took more of the surrounding area and then they went inside. Twenty minutes later they had a homemade pizza and continued east thinking they would have pizza on the mountain. 
Driving slowly and safely Ron told her about what he saw as they climbed steadily up the mountain highway. At one place especially inviting as a cascade of long waterfall fell down the side of the mountain trailing near the bottom strips of green while on each side almost vertical rocks made a pretty picture, Ron pulled over and they got out to a blast of cold air in the shadow of the sun next to an opposite wall of rock. They were in a narrow canyon south of the small river running down the dissected canyon. The sun shone brightly against the north face as Ron snapped pictures and gave Sue details of the scenery. She had her laptop on his driver’s side recording his words about time, and every conceivable color he saw. Amy took advantage of the stop to pull up and relieve herself. Ron did the same just before they left, but Sue told them she could wait with hope of a restroom on the top of the mountain.
Next stop was the top of the mountain where they pulled into a parking lot that was so clean and maintained not a scrap of paper or litter was seen. A trail led up the small hill to an overlook sight. Now they had coats on as the wind blew and the air had winter written all over it. Ron brought the tripod and set up his camera to look south at the snow capped peaks so near you could almost reach out and touch them. The air clean and fresh, albeit cold filled the nose with the small forest of trees behind them as the highway was directly beneath them. In between sparse traffic sounds of water running somewhere and the wind flowing through the trees was peaceful and surreal and to both of them very romantic. Both stood looking into the early afternoon sun to the south. Ron had on his new Seattle Seahawks hat and Sue had no need to protect her eyes even though she had on her sunglasses clutching her cane. Amy snooped around staying close as her training dictated. Ron took a ton of pictures and was a little disappointed that all the shot were into the sun. He vowed to come back someday at the proper time for best exposure. Sue was starting to shiver from the cold and even her down coat wasn’t enough for her sea level constitution. She said, “Ron gives me what you saw from the van while we eat the pizza.” 
‘Good idea honey as he took a mental look to record what the view presented: a deep look down a valley of forest as far as the eye could see and short peaks of snow topped mountains gleaming in the sun reflecting a dull red glow making the foreground of sparse fir trees shine with deep green branches. Here and there a white snag stood tall with holes from woodpeckers and scarecrow arms, vacant now, probably held an eagle or two occasionally. Ron’s hope was to have some good pictures as they made their way back to the empty parking lot except for their van. Sue once again made a trip to the restroom as Ron guided her to the door and waited while she finished. 
Sitting in the back Indian style they munched the pizza and chased it with a coke. Amy had a can of her favorite dog food outside the door in a new dog dish. Ron had turned the motor on and the heater on full to keep the cold out with the sliding door open. While eating he took a notebook out of his inside coat pocket and made some notes about his series of pictures from memory. Sue after stuffing herself with pizza opened her lap top and typed whatever she was entering as Ron scratched his head hoping to see what she was doing, but knew patience was the better part of valor. He could wait. 
Sue spoke up saying, “Let’s head down to the east side and see what awaits us. My battery is running low and need to charge it up somewhere.” 
“Let’s roll honey and do you to make love before we go?
“Are you kidding? No way am I getting naked in this cold place. Maybe a campground is somewhere we can spend the night in. I’m sure National Campgrounds abound in these mountains,” as she put her hands in her pockets for warmth. 
Ron put away the left over pizza and washed up Amy’s dog dish. Camera and equipment stored, down the backside of the North Cascade heading east to the Wenatchee Valley happy and content listening to a tape of soft music playing. It wasn’t long before he saw Sue nodding off and he smiled as he rubbed her arm feeling how small and fragile it was. 
****
On the west side of the Cascades aunt Bee sat at the loan officer’s desk signing the final papers on an equity loan. The loan officer smiled through false teeth that had tendency to slip down while he talked aggravating the hell out of aunt Bee who couldn’t get out of there fast enough. The middle aged man bald as a billiard ball told her the money would be transferred to her bank in Arizona in a few days time. Aunt Bee stood up and with a nod left the man standing with his hand hanging out. She was in a hurry to see Peter at the bank and get a cash advance on the credit card. Then off to the travel agent to make arrangements to fly to Phoenix. Aunt Bee never used bad language but under her breath after leaving Peter stammering and saying this could be the end of a very long career: fuck you all. Tomorrow she would be under the warm sun of Arizona.
Ron followed highway 20 to highway 97 where he turned south to Chelan. Sue woke up when he turned onto 97 and asked where they were rubbing her eyes like a person who could see. Ron told her they were not far from a town called Chelan and they would stop there and ask around for a place to camp out in. Sue stretched and Ron noticed her small breasts poke out of her sweatshirt making him a little wanting, but later. Now he wanted to fill up the van with fuel and maybe a supermarket for dinner. He wanted to try out the camp stove and maybe with Sue’s help he could cook a hot dog or something like that. Following the highway into town he saw a Chevron Shell and pulled in noticing a food mart next to it. Sue stayed in the van as he asked the young guy who said this was self service, but helped Ron with the fill up. The guy said a nice park called Chelan State Park was not far down the side of the lake. That was good news and he looked around for hardware store for a long extension cord to charge Sue’s lap top with and maybe a drop cord light for use inside the van after it got dark. 
After he told Sue the news she thought for a minute and said, “Ron people can see in the windows and what can we use for curtains?”
“Beats me, but surely a hardware store could provide us with some temporary things to keep out the curious looking at your naked body while I play with your gorgeous tits.”
With a smile she slapped at him not knowing where it would land as Ron ducked laughing and Amy entering the fun with a woof. They drove to a True Value and both entered the store. A nice looking grey haired man waited on them politely listening to Ron telling him what they needed for camping out at the park. Joey, it said on his clean white shirt with the True Value logo said, “I think I can fix you right up,” as he motioned them to follow him first to the extension cord of fifty feet to a drop cord that rolled up in a spring case, then to a isle where black tarp in a large roll sat waiting for someone to cut it to proper size. Ron gave him a rough idea of size and with a roll of both duct tape and masking tape along with a Stanley retractable razor cutter they were good to go. In addition to the drop cord, Ron eyed a battery powered fluorescent light with Velcro and with a big thank you left the store ready for a nights romp in the van. But first a stop at the supermarket and loaded up with snacks and hotdogs along with the appropriate condiments off they went to camp on Lake Chelan. The weather was not much warmer as the breeze of the lake had a bite to it. However their camping spot was protected with pine trees and the restroom/showers were close by. It was special due to being a handicap spot and Ron sure thought someone had the right mind set for all comers. 
It was late afternoon and sun had dipped beyond the mountains to the west as Ron set up the camp stove on the picnic table. Sue sat listening him talk about what he was doing while her laptop was charging its battery. Amy had on her lease as required, but seemed happy enough watching Ron work on getting the stove fired up. Twenty minutes later after reading the directions ten times he finally got it working. With a sigh of relief he told Sue they needed some more practice at being campers or they should buy a motor home as he looked around the park seeing mostly motor homes and only a few cars or van likes theirs. 
Sue said, “I like the idea of a motor home instead of a van for camping and let’s look into it when we get home.” 
“Sounds good to me, but tonight should be warm and cozy and I can’t wait to play with those cute boobs of yours,” he said while walking over and giving her a big hug and a playful squeeze of her breast. Sue responded by grabbing his crotch and squeezed it till he cried uncle. Ron then opened up the ice chest for hotdogs and with the new bought tongs, cooked off six dogs. The buns were cold and he asked Sue how to warm the buns up and she told him to set the buns on top of the dogs. It wasn’t long and they were huddled in the van trying to stay warm eating hot dogs and chips washing it down with cokes. After dinner Ron cleaned up while Sue worked on the computer entering what she remembered. After cleaning up Ron hung up the tarp with duct tape and soon the outside was shut out completely. Ron had some photo mags with him and with the new Velcro light he laid down on the floor layered with blankets and read while Sue did her work. 
A couple hours later they gave it up for the night and walked to the restrooms and gave Amy her turn in a designated dog place.  Sue clung to Ron and he could feel the tension in her body as they slowly walked back to their van. Inside he tried to make her feel better taking about how much fun it was to be out in the fresh air with her relaxing snug in their locked doors with Amy keeping guard watch. Nothing he could say would cheer her up and the fear of not being in a known environment was too much for her. 
Finally she said, “I’m sorry honey I just need time to adjust to this very different place other than my home of so many years. What I want to do now is cuddle up to you and sleep and hopefully tomorrow will bring more confidence being on the outside world. Guide me to our bed will you and hold me tight.” Ron did as she wanted and soon the warmth of the two bags zipped together made it very snug and warm. Ron had stripped down to his shorts, but Sue left her sweat pants on from the change in the restroom and also her sweat shirt. He ran his hand up her sweatshirt and cupped one breast and fell asleep. 
 
Chapter X

Aunt Bee prowled around Sue’s house snooping into here and there. What she was looking for in her deranged mind she didn’t know. In the kitchen she saw the new coffee maker and gave off a sneer. Then a thought came to her head, why not burn the place down and blame it on Ron and his new coffee maker he absently left on starting an electrical fire. Good idea, she thought. Completely unaware a neighbor saw her old car out front and later after he called the fire department, he told the firemen he saw Sue’s aunt here for about an hour before the fire started. At that point no one thought about arson only somehow a fire started in the kitchen. Lucky for Sue and Ron the damaged was limited to the kitchen and the rest of the house, except for smoke damage all else was relatively unscathed. 
After a stop for breakfast Ron knew it was their only option was to go home and let Sue find her feet on the ground. She was silent sitting in the passenger seat head held high as if she was staring at the road through her sunglasses. Every once in a while Ron reached out to her giving her arm squeeze of love to just make sure he understood her hurt. Nothing he could say would cheer her up and he felt her remorse deep in his own body. From his experience being alone on the road to nowhere, alone without a friend to talk to, struggling with the demons of alcohol withdrawal, hunger pangs that mixed with aches far deeper than he wanted to remember, he thought while driving towards Wenatchee to connect eventually to I-90 west to Seattle. 
Much later crossing the I-90 Bridge from Bellevue to Seattle Ron spoke up telling Sue they were in Seattle and soon would be home. Sue sat up and Ron felt life coming back to his precious woman. He gave her a running commentary on their way north to Green Lake Park and the few blocks home. Sue was jabbering about coming home and putting her work together when Ron first saw yellow crime scene tape around the house. Confusion made him go silent and Sue felt something was wrong and asked him to talk to her. Ron said, “There is some police tape around the house and maybe a burglar robbed our house while we were gone. Stay here for a minute and let me check it out and I’ll be right back I promise.” She told him go ahead and she would wait for him.
Ron went first to the front door where a fire department said no entry and a number to call for information. Puzzled, Ron walked around the side of the house when the smell of fire long since out hit his nose. The back door was open and charred black siding around the door gave him a sinking feeling. The smell was overwhelming as he picked his way into the kitchen seeing the total destruction and glass crunching under his feet made his way into the hall way seeing only scorched walls knowing the fire department arrived quickly. Ron quickly made his way to the front door noting no fire reached the living room and he walked to the van with no clue how to tell Sue her house was all but destroyed from fire and smoke damage.
He opened her door and the sliding door for Amy telling Sue to wait a minute while he told her what was going on. “Honey no way to tell you but exactly what happened. A fire and it looks like it started in the kitchen but the rest of the house appears fine except smoke damage. It’s fixable and don’t panic. I have a phone number to call and find out what happened. I suggest you stay here as it is not a place for walking around inside. Water damage and glass are all over where the firemen put out the blaze. 

Ron felt sick to his stomach as he saw tears running down her face and moment’s later great sobs of grief attacked her. She was sitting sideways in her seat and Ron moved to her and held her while she buried her head in his shoulder while her whole body shook from the only thing she felt comfortable in was her house where she lived her whole life. Now it was gone and so was her life, she thought. Ron whispered in her ear, “Honey don’t worry the house can be rebuilt just like it was before. I promise you we will be back in the house before Christmas if I have to hire half the carpenters in Seattle to make it so.”
Contrary to his thinking she would stop crying, she cried louder and a flood of tears soaked his shirt. Never did his heart hurt so much than at that moment when his very heart and soul sat there crying at the loss of her sightless base of life. How this happened, he wondered. He’d double check everything to make sure all the lights were off and appliances unplugged.  Sue’s bag lay on the floor and he reached down and found her cell phone. He had a hard time holding her and punching the buttons to find out what happened. After identifying him as her fiancé and giving the person the street address, the person on the other end told him to wait a minute and he would be connected with the Fire Chief. In no time a deep voice saying his name and who was calling? Ron gave him the particulars and told him Sue Lyons was in no condition to speak to him but they had just returned to Seattle and were now sitting outside the house. The Fire Chief, Bill Swift said, “Mr. Filbert the fire was arson and we have been trying to reach you or from what your neighbor said was an aunt who visited regular, but didn’t know her name. The fire station is not far from you and if you could take the time, please come to make a statement and I’ll fill you in on the details.” Ron said they would be there in a few minutes and they rang off. 
“Honey we need to see the Fire Chief and please take your seat.” Ron waited for her to buckle up and he called Amy who came running. Ron’s emotions were running high as his vision was not so clear while he drove slowly following the directions from Bill. It was easy to find the new fire station at the end of the park. Ron pulled into the handicap spot and ran around to help Sue out. She had quit crying but never said a word as he led her into the office area where a nice looking lady stood behind her counter with a pain look of sympathy knowing who they were. She led them to the back of the station to the Fire Chiefs office where they found a very tall chief with a kindly face and stout body. They shook hands and Ron guided Sue to a chair in front of his desk. His office Ron thought later was very inviting with walls of pictures of men in uniform and groups of guys smiling with soot uniforms and faces. 
“We are very sorry Ms. Lyons for your home. The damage looks worse than it really is. A remodel job could have you back in your home in no time. The fire didn’t damage the roof, but the kitchen is a total loss. New carpet and walls will rid the smoke damage. Now I must tell you of our finding as to the cause of the fire. A coffee maker overheated and next to it were traces of fibers noting a kitchen towel was used to accelerate the blaze. I’m afraid our number one suspect is what your neighbor across the street has identified as your aunt who was seen there just a few hours before his call to our station.” He let that sink in as Sue sat like a statue and then he continued by saying, “We need her address and her full name for our records which will be turned over to the arson department of the Seattle Police.”
Sue heard every word he said with shock and disbelief. No way would her aunt deliberately set fire to her house. She didn’t want to believe aunt Bee would be so vindictive to cause her grief knowing how important for her it was being sightless and now homeless. Once again tears streamed down her lovely cheeks making her nose red. Ron broke the silence saying, “Her aunt’s name is Bee, but her full name I have no idea and no idea where she lives. Sue, you must be brave and give Bill here your aunt’s name and address please.”
Sue through sobs gave the Fire Chief her aunt’s full name and address along with her phone number. Bill wrote quickly and then suggested they not contact aunt Bee until the investigation was under way. From his desk he handed Ron a card telling him this person from the arson squad would be their future contact person. He also told them to call anytime when they recovered from the shock of their loss. Ron stood and shook the Chief’s hand and helped Sue out to the van. Sue meekly allowed him to take her wherever he went. 
Now sitting in the van as the late afternoon sun was dipping down to the west, he had to decide where to sleep for the night. The first name that came to his was a Hilton Hotel and he plugged the name into the dash computer and quickly found the address and directions back to downtown Seattle. Sue sat in silence while he told her the plan for the night and she nodded her head and surprisingly grabbed his arm and gave it a powerful squeeze blubbering she trusted him to take care of her. 
Forty five minutes later they checked in to the Hilton with the best suite available. Amy loved the elevator and the attention the porter gave her while riding up to their floor and into a lovely spacious suite. Ron tipped the guy generously as Sue made her way to the king size bed. She lay face down and in no time was fast asleep to escape her hurt realizing her aunt had betrayed her. Ron meanwhile sat at large round table thinking about what he’d heard from the Fire Chief and the number he’d called on the card Bill had given him. The arson investigator whose name was Gary Chapman was due for an appointment at seven pm. That was in two hours time and Ron never moved looking at every angle and possibility. The only conclusion he came to was some sort of scheme to extort money from Sue. Ron looked at his watch and calculated it was about eleven pm on the east coast. Not too late, he thought to call his father. 
Ron’s father answered the phone on the third ring. He sounded awake and alert. Ron stated his case from aunt Bee to the banker to the lawyer giving names and firms. His father, silent on the other end for what seemed minutes, but probably only seconds said, “Son I smell a rat and I’m on it in the morning. Call me or I’ll call you tomorrow with some information. At that he hung up and moved to the bed to nestle with his love who would be soon his wife. Sue woke up and wrapped her arms around him holding on tight. She said with a broken little girl voice, “What are we to do. We have no house and what about my computer and all my things. Won’t an open house invite vandals and what about the garage where father’s sculptors are? Ron we need a guard on the house.”
Ron thought a minute and knew she was right. He got up to use the phone and called a security agency ordering twenty four seven security at the house. The man on the other end said he needed a contract and Ron told him to send it the Hilton Hotel under his name. He told the guy that tomorrow was too late and wanted someone out there tonight. The man assured him after he ran Ron’s credit card that they would have the place under guard by eight pm. Sue heard the conversation and felt a lot better. Ron came back to lie on his back and she made a place next to him that a playing card would not fit head to toe.
Sue then raised her lips to his and tenderly kissed still tasting a little like salt her sweet lips. Ron mentally judged the time before the arson investigator came and kissed her deeper. He took the response that she was on the way back. At once he knew she was stronger than he thought. What he didn’t know was she was drawing on his strength, but wasn’t that what he was placed in her life for? Sue blocked out everything except sucking on his tongue while she felt her panties getting wet. She raised a leg rubbing his crotch feeling it grow. Heart beats increasing with passion Sue sat up and took her top off revealing his lovely perky breasts that drove him almost crazy with desire like he was a twenty year old again; only this time it was love and not lust. Now he knew the definition of love; but asks him to define it and he would just shrug his shoulders. 
Riding him she placed her breasts over his head and let him have his fill as she reached back with one hand releasing his member from tight quarters. He had to help a little but finally it stood straight to the ceiling. He gobbled her breasts one at time while she stroked his hard penis. Suddenly she broke away and took off her pants and panties while he too discarded his pants and shorts. Sue climbed back on top and they drowned in love until their bodies shook from orgasm. Sue lay on top panting and then moved down to take his flaccid penis in her mouth for a cleaning. Ron was so turned on by her tender mouth a feeling of returning juice flowing into his member. A few minutes later, he came again and she moaned with desire and love. He lay there while she felt her way to the bathroom where he heard the shower running while he cat napped. 
He woke with a start and heard Sue still in the bathroom and he hurried to the room to find her humming to herself and combing out her long wet blonde hair. “There’s a blow dryer if you want one,” he said while climbing into the shower.
“Yes, in a moment I will dry my hair to look presentable for the investigator. I feel better now and we need to redecorate our house. I want it all done inside and out, but if the roof is ok, leave it. What about a motor home while we wait for the finished house,” she said over the noise of the shower. Ron heard every word and was so happy she was back in the groove.
He answered by saying, “Honey whatever turns you on. I like that idea and we could tie the house and garage together making a dark room for my photos and a guest room. We need a place for your father’s work and maybe something can be designed into the project for his space in our lives.” Ron was soaking under the shower noticing when he washed his penis it rose to a semi-hardness. My god he thought, where is this coming from. Talk about rising to the occasion. An ache in his stomach for hunger, not sex made him say, “I’m hungry as hell and how about you?”
“Yes, can we order room service as I would like to just stay here for the night?”
“Of course my love, what are you hungry for, besides hot dogs?” She laughed and told him that was desert. Later he read the menu to her and they decided on steaks with a green salad and the usual baked potato. Just before they finished a knock on the door produced the investigator. Introductions made, coffee served, the investigator Gary Chapman without notes began his statement. 
“Ms. Lyons and Ron, as you told me to call you, here is the current situation. We’ve located a Beatrice Bendix in Phoenix, Arizona at the Sun Rise Condominiums. An extradition request is in process. My counterpart in Phoenix talked to her and she denied any evolvement but also denied being there at all. He believed she was not telling the truth and we put out an arrest warrant. As you know it is hard to prove arson, but a witness places her at the scene just prior to the fire. She’s a cagey old bird an refuses to answer any more questions without her lawyer here in Seattle she named as one Sam Shipley. Now if she is guilty one of about three things can happen. One is malice; two is willful destruction of property; and the last one is intention to do the owner physical harm. Somewhere she falls into those three. There may well be extenuating circumstances surrounding this act and that is yet to be discovered. Now if you will tell me your last movements since yesterday I will take my leave.” Ron gave him highlights of the trip and produced credit card receipts even a copy of their state park camping permit. Satisfied, he said while standing up to leave. “I’ll call you when we talk to your aunt Ms. Lyons and keep you informed. Thanks you.”
Ron saw him to the door and looked at Sue at the round table with a troubled look on her lovely face. “Ron,” she said, “Why would my aunt burn my house?”
“I can only speculate honey. I think jealousy over me or a burning hate that might have money behind it; or just a warning of what is coming if I don’t leave. I didn’t tell you but the other day she offered my five thousand to leave town. I laughed at her telling her how rich my father was and she stormed back to her car and left. I thought that was the end of it, but obviously not. To tell you the truth I think money is behind this façade she pretends to put on about me. She’s scared of something and I’m sure in the next few days it will all become clear. Now how about we go over some highlights and I’ll send the film out for development?”
Sue agreed and opened up her laptop and Ron with his note book filled in the gaps of his photos and locations noting times and places. An hour later a knock at the door by a messenger guy with photos in hand. Actually they turned out better than he expected and on the backs numbered each one referencing to his notes. Sue listened carefully once in awhile asking a question, but mostly storing to memory his descriptions to place, color and scenery. Ron had never seen anyone type so fast and she could keep up with his talking with no problem. At ten pm they decided to call it a night and went to bed. 
It would seem they just couldn’t get enough of each other. She with a man less past making up for lost time and he with ten years of misery both mind and body found their place in life together. They shared a secret no one could fathom that love could take on such dimensions. 
Once again they made passionate love with Ron devouring her body with his hands and mouth targeting her sensitive parts, and sending his lady to new heights beyond time and space, where she felt her mind floating in a weightless existence in her dark sightless world. When her lover buried his tongue in her anus she cried out not in pain, but in pain of pleasure and fulfillment. For fully two minutes her body shook uncontrolled while he held her tightly telling her words of love special to her only.
Chapter XI

Early the next morning after room service they made a plan for the day. Ron had searched the yellow pages for an architect. Picking the one with the largest ad he waited till eight to call them. At precisely eight a professional voice answered identifying the firm. Ron used money as no object accelerated the request and agreed to meet at the property at ten o’clock. Next he yellowed paged the RV section seeing many located just north of Seattle. He decided after the architect they would head up old 99 and look at some motor homes. Absently he flipped on the tube for early morning news. The traffic was typical for a day of rain forecasted with mild temperatures. 
Sue was listening and then the newscaster told them a prominent banker had committed suicide. He said, “A John Peters of Cascade National at the age of sixty six killed himself in his home last night. A note was found saying ‘I have sinned’ and his family made a statement saying he’d been depressed lately and feeling remorseful. And now to the national news………..”
“Jesus that is the guy we saw at your bank. He’s your banker and now he killed himself. Wow, why I wonder. This is a very strange turn of events.”
Sue sat stunned and said, “Maybe he had cancer or something like that. A few months ago he told me he was going to retire at the end of the year and do some traveling. Something serious must have made him do this terrible thing.”
Ron turned off the tube and out the door they went to meet the architect. On the way out Ron gave the desk clerk a hundred dollar bill to all the staff who were courteous, but especially the nice girl who took Amy for her walk and cleaned up after her. Smiles showing white teeth looked at the backs of the nice couple leaving waiting for their van to be brought around. 
Sam Shipley sat in his office watching the same news telling him of his friend’s death. Only he knew the reason of his death. However he didn’t have the courage to follow suit. I wonder how long it will be before they put two and two together he thought. His phone light blinked from his secretary. He picked up the phone and listened to her say a lawyer from New York was on the phone asking to talk to him if he had time. Sam told her put him through and answered tell him who he was to the caller. The lawyer gave his name and firm shocking Sam speechless. The lawyer asked him to verify he represented Sue Lyons and when Sam confirmed it the lawyer said, “I represent Ronald Filbert Sr. from Florida and we are requesting any and all documents pertaining to her case from time zero. We now have power of attorney and represent Sue Lyons in any and all matters. A courier will be in your office before noon your time to pick up the documents. Make sure they are complete and no documents left out. I caution you Mr. Shipley to fulfill my request.”
Sam’s mouth hung open and if he had a gun he might have stuck it in his mouth at that moment. With a squeaky voice he said he would comply and have all documents ready before noon and hung up. Sam sat there head dizzy and seeing his life slip away like a thief in the night. He felt a pain in his chest and thought he was having a heart attack, but it was only anxiety at the notion if exposed his firm and life would be forever lost down the river of previous success. He reflected on the phone call and if there was ever a doubt that money was power, it was clear to him that was in fact the case. My family, he thought. His wife at the country club playing bridge with other social luminaries and his grown kids, one a lawyer in this office and the other one a very responsible banker in his own right. Lucky not affiliated with Peter’s bank, he thought. Mentally he went through his assets and how much the courts would fine him. Would I do jail time? Good question. 
While Sam was contemplating his destruction the New York lawyer made a similar call to the bank where the former John Peter used to sit in the president's office. It was now vacant when the call came in for him with a voice on the other end crying told the lawyer her boss and friend John Peter’s was dead of self inflicted wounds. The lawyer undeterred asked to speak the next in authority with a voice not to deny the request. He was connected to a vice president and stated his case. The vice president didn’t know from Adam who this lawyer was, but when he found out he held power of attorney with Sue Lyons account he sat up and took notice. The vice president told the lawyer he would have all financial records ready when the courier arrived. 
Two seconds later he was on the phone to the manager of the bank barking orders to provide any records going back twenty years or when the age old documents were purged. As it turned out, this vice president was privy to the scheme his boss John Peter’s was involved in. He’d discovered it quite by accident a few years ago when John dropped a file on his desk that was not intended for his eyes. Secretly he found a way to copy it and place the original back on his desk. At the time it was insurance against any idea of replacing him. 

****

Pulling up to the house Ron and Sue, well at least Ron did, saw a security car sitting on the curb in front of the house. Ron told Sue and she smiled a little still nervous from being back home where her house stood empty and damaged like a scar that will always remind you of the accident that caused so much pain.  Ron saw a man dressed to the nines standing talking to the security guard. Ron waved and asked him to come down to the van where Sue could hear their conversation. The architect didn’t know Sue was blind till he saw her cane standing up between her legs resting over her shoulder. Amy was another dead giveaway as Ron held out his hand introducing both he and Sue. 
Ron went right to business tell him what they wanted. Ron started at the foundation and ended at the roof. Then he told him about the plans for the garage as Slim Stafford, aptly named due his height at over six feet, wrote in his notebook. After that they took a walk to the backyard and Ron gave him some ideas for storage for the sculptors in the garage and connecting the house to the garage. Also he told Slim he wanted an area to park a thirty plus motor home while construction was in progress. The last thing he told Slim was he had a free hand to make the outside the same as it was, if possible, and the inside of natural wood except a carpeted living room with big overstuffed furniture. Keep the fireplace, but maybe a new chimney was necessary. He told him Sue Lyons had lived here for her whole life and keep the inside the same so she can roam freely in a familiar setting. 
Slim asked a few questions and he was satisfied with the answers. Ron asked if they could finish by Christmas and Slim said give him today to answer that question. Ron shook his hand telling him the name of his bank and who to contact for billing. Slim had told him his firm worked with the best contractors in town and Ron gave him the go ahead.
Back in the van Ron in detail told Sue what transpired when they looked at the garage and back yard. Sue was smiling and told him to drive north to look at some RV’s.
Aunt Bee sat in an interrogation room with her mouth shut. The police had hauled her in and now it was nine am and her so called friend and attorney Sam Shipley refused to take her call. Her interviewer asked one more time, “Ms. Bee, don’t fight it. They are taking you to Seattle whether you like it or not. It’s your home town and once there you can hire an attorney to represent you. We can’t let you go because of our fear you would flee the state. We are bound by law to keep you here until someone arrives from Seattle to pick you up. The latest word we have is someone will be here about noon and we have scheduled a return flight for two pm. Now we are going to place you in a holding cell where you will wait until such time to leave the state.”
Bee sat outwardly defiant, but inwardly in total fear. What had she done to her niece? Greed had overpowered reality and now she was about to pay the piper in full. She could kiss her condo good bye and most likely spend the rest of her life in jail for arson, forgery, swindling and who knows what else they might come up with. While they moved her to a holding cell she thought of what they might find in her house not so far away from Sue’s house. A new car sat in the garage as she always, when going to her niece’s house drove the old one, so Sue would not suspect anything but her being frugal. Inside her house was completely modern with new furniture and a kitchen fit for a French chef. Her own bank account totaled over two hundred thousand in time deposits. Well, she thought I will need that money to fight the charges. She never gave a thought that someone could freeze her account because it would be part of the evidence against her. 
Bee sat down on the cold stainless bench and looked at the likewise steel toilet without privacy. Never minds she thought, I can hold it. No way was she going to raise her dress and sit on toilet without a seat or toilet paper. The hours slowly moved forward and her bladder was crying out for relief and she tried not to move. Additionally she had to do a big job and how would she wipe. She looked longingly at the many officers and recent brought in criminals to catch a lady officer eye for toilet paper. Finally she couldn’t take it any longer and hollered out for someone to bring her some toilet paper. Two officers looked at the orange hair sitting like a bonnet above a face that would scare a homeless person. She was dressed in a Hawaiian sun dress revealing breasts the size of pumpkins and then returned to what they were doing before aunt Bee hollered for toilet paper. Two minutes later she hurried too late to the toilet making a stinking mess sending fumes out to the processing room. 
Now aunt Bee broke down and sobbed sitting on the toilet with excrement all down her legs and on the floor. In three minutes a maintenance worker had the cell open dragging a fire hose. She told bee to strip down and stand still while she hosed her down. After a complete car wash she was handed a pair of large coveralls with the same color as her hair. Aunt Bee her new sun dress lying on the floor along with her plus size pink panties tried not to cry, but she was unable to recover from the embarrassment. Later in Seattle she told her court appointed lawyer the story and that she wanted to sue the Phoenix police department. Her lawyer told her to shut up that she was in a lot more trouble than she realized after reading the list of charges filed by the Seattle police. Aunt Bee closed her mouth and remembered flying to Seattle with a pair of orange coveralls with an “Inmate” stenciled on the back. When aunt Bee found out she couldn’t post bail she resigned the fact she was going to spend time in county jail. 

Back north of their home in a town called Lynnwood, they shopped for a motor home. It was as kids might say, a yucky day. The weather, with a low ceiling of clouds drizzling rain was typical of a Washington day in the fall. Pulling into the parking lot where the van was dwarfed by huge motor homes, Ron got a little nervous wondering if he could drive one of these large moving houses down the road. Then he thought of how many he’d seen on the road just lately since they talked about buying one. Now the hard decision was what to buy. How long and what was good and bad inside. He was regretting not brushing up on popular brands. Now as they sat in front of the office with the wipers running Sue asked, “Are we here? I hear the wipers and is it raining hard or soft?”
Yes, we are here and no it’s not raining hard at all. I just don’t know what we are looking for and I’m sure the salesperson will sell us the most expensive and one that has probably been sitting here for months. Well, here we go as I see a slick salesman coming with his golf umbrella. Ron and Sue got out with Amy at her side. She took both Ron’s arm and Amy’s walking handle and while they slowly walked along the row of motor home the salesman introduced himself as Jimmy Talbot and asked what were they looking for?
Ron never tried to pretend he knew anything and told the guy something in the range of twenty five feet to begin with. As smooth as silk Jimmy had a door open and inviting them in for a look see. Amy waited outside as Ron led Sue up and into a gleaming new motor home. Sitting down around a small table Jimmy ran off at the mouth about length, width, size of motor, fuel mileage, capacities of closets to the refrigerator, to holding tank to water supply storage. Both Ron and Sue were baffled and it was time to leave and do some research on motor homes. Ron apologized and told him they wanted all the brochures he had and they would be back when they boned up on the different models and stuff like that. Jimmy obliged by running ahead of them to the office and came back with an arm load of brochures that each one had his business card stapled to.
Back in the van about ready to pull out, Ron’s cell rang. He knew it was his father so he stopped out of the way and opened it up saying hello. Ron’s father came right to the point saying, “You got yourself in a mess my son. Nothing so bad we can’t handle it but it appears your lady has been systemically, as the younger generation says, ripped off big time. Our attorney says the banker who killed himself this day a John Peters and her lawyer Sam Shipley along with her aunt have embezzled hundreds of thousands out of your fiancé bank accounts. We traced the aunt to Arizona and now she sits in King County jail on charges of arson. I suggest you call this number of our attorney in Seattle and he will fill you in on the details. We, your mother and I are real sorry to hear about her house fire. But our attorney talked to the Chief and says it is fixable. Call us if you need anything further and make your own decisions about what to do. Mom and I will wait for your call tomorrow as by the time you talk to the attorney it will be late tonight for us. Good luck son and do what it takes to make you both happy. We love you and soon we want to meet the lady in your life.” Ron returned the good bye and closed up his phone wondering how he would tell Sue who was looking his way waiting for him to speak.
“Sue honey I don’t know how to break this to you, but I will give you the facts and be prepared to have a shock coming. Are you okay with this?”
“After yesterday and my house fire I can take anything as long as you are with me. Go ahead and give me the facts as you say.” A few minutes later after filling her in Sue sat looking out the window hearing the wipers scrape off all that she had previously held dear. Her aunt was a thief and an arsonist; her banker was dead because he embezzled money along with her attorney who for thirty years was the family lawyer. Now like the rain my past life is running down the sides of the van in rivulets of memories wiping out her sense of balance. 
She said, “Let’s go back to our hotel room and have something good to eat.” Ron put the van in gear and drove south on I-5 to Seattle. Sue sat thinking about her aunt Bee. Why would she do this? She was her own mother’s sister. Money, I never knew she needed money. All she had to do was ask and if I had it, she was welcome to all I had. Now how do I face her and what do I say to someone who is family that tried to burn my house down. When you thought you knew someone, it turns out you don’t know them at all. Can I trust Ron? He doesn’t need money that is for sure, but what if it’s something else. Her stomach was hurting both from hunger and pain searching for answers that have puzzled the human race since origin. From what Ron had told her, greed was behind the whole scheme to take her money. From now on she thought I will keep track of income and expenses with Ron’s help. Now what do we do about aunt Bee. Keep an open mind and let’s see what happens. I will let Ron give me advice about my family problems and I’m sure it will be logical and for the best for all. 
Ron was aware she was thinking about her aunt and the rest of the story he told her. She appears bearing up good as she sat up straight in her seat looking so beautiful against an ugly day with spray from cars and trucks making the drive down to Seattle a little disconcerting. Ron was happy to hand off the van at the hotel and Sue had a smile on for the staff. Amy too pranced to the elevator as they were taken to their suite on the top floor. Both were starving and so was Amy. Ron picked up the menu and punched in room service. Sue had told him to order for her and she lie down on the bed emotionally drained and the beginning of a headache attacked her. Food was needed and then a nap she thought as Ron sat down for some motor home reading. It wasn’t long before lunch arrived with Amy licking her chops waiting for whatever came her way. Ron had special ordered some dry dog food and a side order of pork gravy. Their lunch was baked chicken and rice. After lunch Ron called the attorney and they spoke for twenty minutes outlining the States case against aunt Bee and now charges of account stealing Sam Shipley was in and out of jail quickly posting bail screaming innocence. 
Sue was in the bathroom soaking in a large bathtub full of hot water. Ron hung up and joined her for a relaxing time soaking and playing around in the sudsy water. Though this was not his first time to make love in a tub of water, but it was Sue’s first time as she straddled him and waves of water splashed the sides and lucky there was a drain in the floor or a flood would have occurred. Ron delighted in playing with her hard soapy nipples and when he squeezed a little hard she rode him faster. Ron had better control now that they had made love many times and soon as she reached the peak, he emptied his load making her feel his spasms inside her. Afterwards they took a shower to wash the soap off and talked to her about motor homes. He said, “I don’t know any more now than I did before I read the brochures. Tomorrow I will make a phone call or two.
 
Chapter XII

The next morning after breakfast in their room, Ron called his father telling him about meeting the lawyer and that this morning they would go see aunt Bee. He also told him the architect and contractor was on the job today promising a completion date before Christmas. Ron told his father that after the smoke cleared they would think about coming to Florida for a visit. After hanging up he said, “Sue, think about a plane ride to Florida and meet my parents. We can hang out for a week or two and maybe you would like to see the beaches or swamps of Florida for your work. Or we could buy a motor home and spend some time on the coast driving along the coast down to Oregon or California. Honey I will do what you want to. No pressure and to make you comfortable until our house is finished.”
Sue sat listening cross legged on the bed. Amy lay beside her and the maids would not be happy with dog hair on the bed, but at one thousand a night who cared. Ron could tell she was giving it some thought, but realized she had her aunt on her mind this morning and they best call the lawyer and have him make arrangements for a meeting. Sue replied to his idea and said, “Honey, let’s see aunt Bee and then decide what to do. I’m not scared anymore of going somewhere like last time. Now I know what is happening with our house, I can relax and maybe take a trip in the motor home and then travel to see your parents. I’ve never been to the coast in my life. I have a fear of something so big and powerful, but with you and Amy with me I think I’ll be fine.”
Ron called the lawyer. The lawyer told him he would make the arrangements and get back to him shortly. Ron then called a RV place and talked at length with a salesman. A half hour later and two more motor home salesman, Ron had a better idea of what they needed. While he was thinking about it and Sue was working on her laptop, the phone rang with his lawyer Charles [Chip] Stone. Chip told them they could see aunt Bee at noon and he would pick them up at eleven thirty.
Waiting in the lobby for Chip, Ron talked to the manager and off handedly asked him if he knew anything about motor homes. Surprisingly the manager told him his father had one and gave him his phone number and said he would call his father to expect a call from you. Ron thanked him and then Chip walked through the door. On the way to the county jail Sue was so tense that she kept a grip on his hand that belied her strength.  The ride was a short one and soon they were sitting in a stark waiting area for a call to see the inmate. Ron was glad Sue couldn’t see the environment of the jail. Chip was talking to a person at the desk when an officer said they could see the inmate Beatrice now. Ron went to Sue and she took his arm and they were led to a room typical of what you see or imagine where booths for single one on one portioned by thick glass separated the two people. 
Ron saw aunt Bee sitting with her orange hair sticking out as if she walked through an electrical storm. She glared at him and picked up the phone while an officer placed a phone receiver in Sue’s hand. Ron couldn’t hear the conversation but saw aunt Bee with a defiant look rapidly talking to her niece. It wasn’t long before Sue sat the phone down on the small shelf and turned to leave with Ron hurrying to her side. Aunt Bee had her head down and it appeared she might be crying but no one was sure about that. However it was clear that Sue was crying and with her head down Ron and Chip left the building. On the way back the car was silent as a church just empty of service. Chip dropped them off at the hotel and Ron thanked him for talking them to see her aunt. 
By the time they were back in their suite, Sue had stopped crying and went to the bathroom to wash her face. Ron sat at the table and when she came out she had a nice smile on her face looking lovely with blue jeans on forming her perfect figure. A turtle neck pale yellow sweater against her ivory skin, cast a glow framing her face with an accent of pale orange lip stick. She’d put her hair in a pony tail and her usual diamond stud earrings were the only touches of jewelry except her functional watch for the blind. His heart skipped a beat and the lost beat went to his crotch. Trying to ignore his desire he asked her about the meeting and if she wanted to talk about it.
Sitting down at the table, first she said she was a little hungry and a nice deli sandwich sounded good and then she told him the story of her meeting. Summarizing she told him her aunt denied the arson at first then later admitted she did to pass the blame on you. “As far as the money she took, she justified it by the years of service and would not apologize for taking it. I asked her why she took out a loan on the house and forged my signature and she called it payment for services past and severance pay. Then I told her don’t you think close to half a million dollars is a lot to pay someone for their service taking care of a blind woman for five years. She hung her head then and pretended to cry as I can tell when crying is real or not. Then I said goodbye and we left. I feel sorry for her, but on the other hand she made her bed and now she can lie in it.”
Ron was pleased at her strength and told her so while he asked her what she wanted for lunch as he read off the lunch menu. She said, “Cheese and meat, like ham or salami on rye, with a potato salad like a picnic. And coke and some ice cream.”
Ron laughed and said, “No problem and would you like a dill pickle?”
Sue looked a little strange and then she put it all together and said, “Do you suppose? And if it is I’m already scared to death. No, it’s been only a week or so since we met and so much has happened it seems like months. I wonder how long before a pregnancy test can be used. Oh never mind and order the food,” she coyly said.
After ordering lunch Ron made the call to the manager’s father who was more than happy after he answered the phone to tell him his experience of motor homing around the Western States. It was more than a half hour later Ron had a perfect idea what to buy for them. He thanked the man and promised to call him someday and tell how his new motor home fit the two of them. Sue had almost finished her lunch and Amy too when Ron who’d order the same thing, between bites told her about what the nice man said about motor homes. After lunch he called Jimmy up in Lynwood and told him what he wanted in length and inside accommodation. An important thing was a place for a desk top where Sue could do her writing. Jimmy said to give him an hour or so and he would call him back on Ron’s cell. 
Sue took a rest on the bed with Amy and soon she was sleeping. Ron took the opportunity to call his parents and when his mother answered, she was so excited to hear that they would come to Florida. Ron told her he didn’t know the date and that they would take the new motor home down the Pacific coast for Sue’s research. His mother was most curious about what Sue did and like a woman needed to know details he really couldn’t give her. What he did tell her was he also was involved with a new work hobby of photography. His father was listening in and interjected how the aunt business was coming along and Ron filled him in best he could. “Son your new love is not poor. She is worth more than two million and counting. No wonder they had their hands in the till. Anyway, hope to see you soon and keep in touch on your trip. Ron told them he would and hung up. He next called the desk and asked if they could send someone to a bookstore and buy everything on photography they had. Charge to his room he told them and hung up. Feeling a little drowsy, he snuggled up to Sue and Amy and nodded off only to woken up an hour later by Jimmy.
An excited Jimmy told them he had exactly what they were looking for and when could they come and see what he had. Ron thought about it for a minute and then said tomorrow morning would be a good time. Jimmy a little dejected, but put on a brave tone said he would be waiting for them in the morning. No sooner had he hung up then a knock on the door revealed the nice girl who walked Amy and two sacks of books on a cart. Sue had woke up and hearing her voice, asked her to take Amy for a walk please.
Ron tipped her big and settled at the table for some reading, but Sue had other ideas and before he started to bone up on photography he found Sue taking off her sweater turning him on with her nakedness. In two seconds he was naked and on top of her smothering her with kisses. By now they were into each others needs and now this time for pure sex. He was ready and so was she as with her delicate long fingers guided him to her wet spot and only a few minutes later fell spent and out of breathe waiting for their energy to return. Sue said, “How about we soak in the hot tub for awhile and you tell me what Jimmy said and Mr. what’s his name about our new motor home.”
“Say no more lady,” and he pulled her up off the bed and led her to the bathroom. With Ron against the wall of the tub and Sue laying her head back against his chest kind of floating with her legs out in front, Ron told her all he knew while playing with her breasts making her little tits hard as marbles. She arched her back wanting more and he obliged changing places and using his mouth on her breasts. They were interrupted by the sound of the door bell with the girl bringing Amy back. Ron jumped out of the tub throwing on a bathrobe answered the door. By then Amy had cooled down and was in the shower rinsing off. 
Later found the two of them working one on the computer and the other studying photography. Later after dinner they watched a movie, or in Sue’s case listened while Ron gave her short blurbs of background information, but half way through they gave up and went to sleep. 
Both Ron and Sue must have been tired as they didn’t wake up till almost nine am the next morning when Amy whined to go out. Ron called down stairs and two minutes later the girl arrived to take Amy for a walk. Ron wondered if she ever went home as she was always available when they needed her. A heavy tip probably helped he thought with a smile while making a trip to the bathroom. While in the shower he heard Sue coming and soon she too joined him for a wake up call. All the parts of the body washed to a shine and especially the good parts, shaved clean and dried off, Ron before dressing ordered a continental breakfast. 
Ron dressed in his usual Dockers and a stripped dress shirt with a pull over sweater the color of deep burgundy he looked the part of a yuppie ready for some kind of work. Sue on the other hand wore her usual blue jeans and from their store of stock from the outdoor store, a heavy sweat shirt of almost black green that contrasted her blonde hair. She loved her Nike shoes and Ron wore slip on outdoor type shoes made by an outfitter back east some where. They were a dark brown color with the leather laces running around the sides and a leather bow on top. After eating their small breakfast they took off for north Seattle to first stop by the house and see what was going on then up to see the waiting Jimmy. 
Sue on the way told Ron she needed her house computer before they left for the coast and her stock of disks. Ron made a mental note and when they arrived the contractor and architect were in a huddle and happy to see the owner. Sue told Ron to do what he thought best with the contents and while they made there way around the inside of the house Ron told them what to throw away and what to store in the garage until further notice. He told them if they didn’t return in time to decide what to do with the contents in the garage, move it to storage. Everything understood off they went to Lynwood for the look see at what Jimmy had for them. 
“Sue, do you have everything on disk at home,” he asked.
“Yes, mostly I do. From the desk computer I sent all what I needed and stored to my laptop. Really all I need is the disks in the desk drawer. Why do you ask?”
“Let’s buy a new smaller desk top for the motor home and we can pick up your storage disks before we leave.”
“I guess so, but all of this is getting a little expensive don’t you think?”
Ron loved her sense of cost and said, “Honey, money is no problem, but I love to hear your concern. Do you know how much money you have?”
She thought about it for a minute and then said softly, “I have no idea how much money I have. Aunt Bee and Peter at the bank took care of all that for me. I know the house was paid for a long time ago and the taxes are automatically taken out each year. Utilities are a straight out of my bank account. Sam the lawyer handled all my contracts with the different publications and my agent worked with him. I never needed much cash as you know.”
“Well my dear you are not a poor woman. Father’s lawyer told him you are worth more than two million in cash and investments, excluding your property and home. How about we let a new lawyer and financial firm handle your money. Something likes that.”
“Golly Ron I never knew that I had so much money. I’m shocked and now I see the picture more clearly with aunt Bee and Paul along with Sam had in mind. Keep me in the dark, no pun intended, and always tell me all was well. I am a little upset now and let them receive their punishment as it comes,” she said with finality. 
Jimmy was pacing in front of the office when they pulled in and parked. The day was cloudy, but no rain as they walked to the nearby motor home with its door open waiting with a carpet on the pavement. Ron looked it over and satisfied they left his office a done deal. Ron told Jimmy to have it fueled up and licensed ready to roll in two days time. Jimmy pumped Ron’s hand and gave Sue a shocking hug along with a pet to Amy. Jimmy was a little shocked when Ron gave him his credit card for payment. But a few minutes later all was complete. 
Next stop was at Best Buys for a new computer. After that they went back to their house and picked up her disks and went to the deli at Ballard for lunch. Sue was on a high eating at a familiar place and ordered two extra deli sands to go along with a side order of German potato salad. After lunch they went to a shopping center where they shopped for clothes for the long stay on the road. Once they had her size, it was easy to let the salesladies pick out for her the latest styles and comfortable traveling clothes. Ron enjoyed watching Sue touch the clothes and checked the colors. 
Ron told the saleslady they would be back later to pick up the packages, but had some more shopping to do. Down the mall they went with Sue wondering what he was looking for now. They stopped at the jewelry store where Ron decked her out in a string of pearls and new ladies Rolex. Ron picked out an engagement ring which the salesman licked his lips counting his commission. Sue on the other hand was speechless as she fingered the cold pearls draped around her slim neck forming a circle just above her breasts. Her ring she felt over under and on the sides getting a mental picture. To Sue it was heaven and a dream come true since her early teens of marrying a handsome man living in a house like hers. Her vision was of little kids running around portraying the stereotypical family that made America what it is. Now silent tears ran down her face and Ron left her to her thoughts. The salesman took off with other things to do such as cash Ron out and box up the gifts, all except the ring of course sitting on her delicate finger with her other hand feeling it with love radiating from her being. 
Leaving the store she held on to her man so tight he felt his blood would stop in his arm. They picked up their boxes at Nordstrom’s with the help of a few stock boys then drove back to the hotel. Safely tucked in for the night Sue went through each item one by one getting the feel and colors matched to each new item. Ron never felt happier in his life as he sat watching her sort through the clothes like it was Christmas. 
He couldn’t wait for the next day and the day after blocking out the terrible memories of just a short time ago pan handling on the way west. I guess it was fate that made me find her in the park that day which seemed so long ago. God never much entered his mind, but maybe a higher power had something to do with the meeting of two lonely people who now have a full life ahead of them. Later, Sue asleep in his arms he felt his eyes well up and streams of tears mixed with her hair on one side and the pillow on the other as Amy gave off a sigh of her dreams. 

Chapter XIII

Two days later on an early morning, leaving the van in the RV parking lot, loaded with all their things, Ron behind the wheel of their new motor home, drove south on I-5 with the computer map showing the way. The day held a promise of mixed clouds and sun with fairly warm temperatures. It was the first of November and a new life was in front of them both. This morning Sue dressed in sweat pants and sweat shirt knowing the cold ocean faced them soon, and the need for comfortable traveling clothes, made her very happy. It took Ron awhile to get used to the flat nose of the motor home and the twenty seven feet of trailing mass behind him. Once past downtown and clear of morning traffic headed into Seattle, the traffic thinned out and he set the cruise at fifty five and stayed in the truck lane. 
Amy poked her nose in every nook and cranny until she was satisfied about what only she knew. What was nice for her she could sit next to Sue and Sue felt a piece of stability in her past. Ron kept glancing her way to see how she was coping with the leaving Seattle and her home for quite a spell. So far she seemed fine and he vowed to keep up his chatter along the way. She had a mental map of towns and cities at least till they left Aberdeen and made their way south to Oregon. Now as they passed Tacoma and drove down to Olympia Sue started asking a few questions about the traffic and what he saw of the area. He knew she wanted colors mostly of the environment so he relayed what he saw as fall was in full swing. He told her most of the leaves on the roadside had fallen and looked like skeletons reaching for the sky. As they were still in the city not a lot to see he told her. By now he was used to the motor home and felt confident of his place on the road; careful not to follow too close. 
Leaving I-5 following highway 101 to the coast and Aberdeen, once outside of the city, green forests and rolling hills with occasional farms went by with Ron describing the geography and colors. Sue was sitting up a little straighter now as she felt part of what was happening. Only once in awhile did she think of her aunt and what transpired in her past life. However, her feeling of family and her aunt would not let go and no matter how hard she tried to justify her aunt in jail, it just wasn’t right for an over sixty widow to live out her life in jail. Ron had told her to let a little time go by and whatever she felt like doing he would back her up.
She heard Ron and tried to focus on what he was saying about the tall mountains interspersed with fall colors of deciduous trees mixed with evergreens. Fields in the flat valley had turned mostly green from the early fall rains with the grass struggling for their last breath of life before a heavy frost put them to sleep for the winter. Traffic was light as the noon hour was past, but the sun was low in the south and only showing its head between mountains as they motored to the coast. The sky was mostly clear and when the sun went to bed over the Pacific Ocean it should be a nice picture Ron thought. 
At around four pm they pulled into Aberdeen a logging town mostly depressed by the logging bans brought on by environmentalists. Ron checked his map for an RV park or state park for the night. The map showed a park but not close to the ocean. As he knew dark was near and it really didn’t matter that they park next to the ocean. Ron noticed Sue a little nervous as he pulled into a private RV park. Ron got out and signed in with the nice lady telling what number and pointing where to go around a paved drive with a few scattered motor homes and other RVs parked around the grounds. Ron got lucky as their place was a drive through one and not a spot he had to back into. He made a mental note to find a supermarket parking lot of a mall to practice his backing. Now he pulled into the spot and told Sue he would be right back after he plugged in the lights and water.
Sue made her way outside to stretch her legs after a four hour ride. She’d used the bathroom while traveling and it wasn’t so bad. The motor home rocked a little but using her hands she made it back to her seat fine. Ron told her it would take some getting use to and he would stop if she needed to retain her balance. She told him not to worry that needed to get used to their home on wheels. Amy was with her and needed to relieve herself, so Sue told Ron and after he hooked up the lights he took Amy for a short walk to a pet’s area. After doing her job Amy wanted some exercise, but now was not the time until he was satisfied all was well for the coming night. Ron didn’t bother with leveling as his motor home sat fairly level. After set up Sue wanted a little exercise too and so they put Amy’s leash on and strolled around the park saying good evening and a wave here and there at fellow travelers.  As dark dissented a light rain began and the wind picked up just a little. Even through their down coats it brought a shiver to Sue and she suggested they go back to their motor home where it was warm and dry. Ron agreed and they picked up the pace seeing lights come on around from their neighbors. It wasn’t long before heavy rains came thundering on the roof making Sue cover her ears and Amy gave off a whine and a throat sounds protesting the noise. Ron laughed and said while turning on the radio to mask the sound a little, “What are we doing for dinner? I know you aren’t familiar with this stove so I think hot days and potato salad are on the menu. I can boil hot dogs no problem and warm the buns in the oven if it is all right with you?”
Sue laughed and told him over the pounding of the rain that hot dogs and salad would be fine with her. Ron dug out a pot and put six dogs on the boil while he noticed the motor home rocking from the wind which now felt like a hurricane. He’d wished now that he had lowered the leveling jacks and then it dawned on him he could do from the inside with a hydraulic system. But first he must put the blocks of wood down to protect the pavement. He told Sue what he was doing and then put on his rain coat and hat for the small job ahead. As soon as he opened the door that faced the west he was almost knocked down by the wind and rain. He scurried to the side compartment and dug out four block of heavy wood and placed each under the leveling jacks on all four corners. That job done he ran back to the door soaking wet from the waist down. 
Sue asked him what had happened and he told her it was damn wet out there and he was soaked. She laughed and asked him how the hot dogs were doing as he glanced at the stove and saw water boiling over on their new stove. He tore off his rain coat and made his way to the stove burning his hand a little while removing the pot to another burner. He swore and ran his hand under the faucet. Sue realized what happened and told him she had some burn cream in the first aid kit in the cupboard with the towels. Ron dug through, a little frustrated, the cupboard and found the kit. He took it to the table where Sue sat patiently and he found the cream. After rubbing the burn cream on his hand he sat back and relaxed for a minute and said, “Honey this is going to take some getting used to. So far it’s been quite a day and I love the adventure so far. I’m beginning to like the sounds of the rain and its making me hungry, but first let see if I can level out the motor home and quit it rocking so much because I’m getting sea sick,” 
“Just take it easy and relax. We are here for the night and I can’t wait for the hot dogs and the real hot dog later.” Ron feeling better now that Sue was accepting the misadventures moved behind his driver’s seat and checked out what he was supposed to do. First though he had to start the motor and then he pushed two levers at a time until the bubble showed him they were equal. Then he pushed the ‘next to’ and when they showed level he quit and waited for the next gust of wind to see how it worked. In a few minutes they could feel the home more stable and he shut off the motor and went back to hot dogs and salad. Amy was sitting at the table with Sue watching the action at the stove hoping she could have what was cooking too.
All three of them sat at the table enjoying the out door camping if you will. Ron could tell right away a system was needed to make it efficient with the lack of space. He washed the dishes as Sue moved to her new desk top computer and went to work recording what she heard from the day’s traveling. Ron meanwhile cleaned up and changed from wet clothes to sweat pants and shirt. Next he put on full rain gear and took Amy for a walk to do her business for the night. While Ron waited for her he noticed a strong smell of salt air and rain mixed on this stormy night. He relaxed and didn’t fight the elements and began to like the weather. Amy not so happy with the rain circled the area three time squatting down and then moving to another place to do it again. Ron smiled and then when she finished walked quickly back to the motor home. 
Ron hung his wet clothes in the bathroom and moved to the table to study photography while Sue worked at the computer. The wind continued but the interior was warm and dry. The central heating worked well and after a couple hours Ron felt sleepy. He decided to wake up a little by taking a quick shower and then maybe a decaf coffee so he could sleep. His first time in the shower which he decided was not for frolicking and to save water he soaped up and then rinsed like Jimmy told them to. After banging his elbows on the walls a few time he got he hang of it. 
Walking out to the central quarters Sue was still typing like a machine gun looking at nothing. Few would know that inside her pretty head a picture like a movie was playing. What the content was he had no idea and she told him that when it was finished he could read it, but now it was bad luck for a writer to have someone read an unfinished story. Ron boiled a kettle of water and dug out some decaf with a new mug with his name on it. Corny he thought, but accepted with grace and charm from Jimmy. 
Sue saved her document and turned off the computer and made her way next to him leaning her head on his shoulder. Ron put his arm around her and drank both the scent of her hair and coffee. She felt so small and delicate he wanted to eat her right there, but decided now was not the time. Ron suggested bed and she sleepily murmured agreement and went to the bathroom to prepare for sleep. 
They had their sleeping bags as the sheets and blankets were still stored away until they had time to make a bed. Ron felt a little drained as he laid his head down with only his shorts on. Rain continued at a steady pace with only large guts of wind slightly rocking the heavy motor home. Sue came back feeling her way to the bed which was located in the very back crossways to the motor home. Ron took her hand and she laid down at first then when she found her bearings, she crawled on top of him sucking lightly on his tits. Ron moaned a little and then she moved down to his belly button and from there to tease his member. He felt her long fine hair brush his body as she licked the bottom V and gently squeezed his scrotum. He was rock hard and waves of low electricity ran from crotch to brain and back again. She took him in her warm mouth and in no time he let loose unable to hold it any longer. She kept him trapped until he finished then lay her head on his belly holding him tight. Ron lay paralyzed as she got up for a drink of water to wash down the salty sperm. A few minutes later both were sound asleep with the hypnotic sounds of the rain on the roof. Amy lay on her rug snoring telling Sue she was there to protect her. 

Chapter XIV



Ron woke with a start after a street dream wondering where he was like so many times before last year unable to remember where he was and how he got there. If anything, after he connected with reality, the storm was more intense than last night. Strong gusts rocked the motor home. Not that he was scared, but wondered how Sue would react to the weather when she woke up. For right now he wanted to taste her love triangle and he started with her neck. She woke up and stretched then realized what was happening. She loved it and told him so but had to run to the bathroom and then she would be back in a minute. Ron listened to the rain from the top and sides and snuggled down a ways and over to make room for his love of life. Amy needed out and Sue opened the door to a let her out getting soaked in the process. Sue made her way back to the bed and jumped in all wet as Ron played angry she was all wet. He said, “Now I must lick you dry honey.” And resumed where he left off with her neck that was so soft and kissable he drove him a little wild. In a world of his own and she too, he made love to her with true meaning and when she climaxed he held her so tight she had to tell him he was squeezing her breathe out. She heard Amy whining at the door and Ron jumped to let her in. She was soaked and Ron took a towel and dried her off as she licked his face. After drying her he gave her some dry dog food and water. It was just now breaking daylight and a grey day was beginning. Ron moved back to the bed and jumped in next to a sleepy future wife. She said, “Ron I love this trip and what lies ahead of today?”
I looked at the map and most of the way south of here doesn’t follow next to the coast but has small towns and inlets along the way. What should we do about breakfast? I’m not much of a cook and let’s cheat and stop for some breakfast down the road where we can check out the locals eating.”
“I’m with you captain. But first I need a shower and some juice to drink after a salty night with eating hotdogs,” she said poking him in the ribs crawling out of bed naked with his eyes following her thinking how wonderful she was. 
Ron put on his rain gear and after he raised the jacks he picked up the blocks, disconnected the water and power while Sue took a shower. Back in Amy needed out once more after her breakfast and Ron let her go again while following her to the spot for dogs. Ron looked at his neighbors and most had lights on fighting the poor grey light of the morning. Amy finished her big job and Ron wanted a cup of coffee before heading south. Once more he hung his rain gear in the shower and boiled some water for instant coffee. He was back to instant as they’d never replaced his burnt one from home. He thought along the way he would get a new one. But for now instant would have to make do. 
Sue was dressing in sweats and a pull over blue sweater. She was shoeless and came out sitting down at the table. I hear a real storm outside honey. Is this a problem for us?” Ron could tell she was a little nervous and told her that the people who live her work and go places as usual rain or not. I can hear trucks on the highway and can see cars moving through the trees from where we are blocked by evergreens along the highway making this a nice RV park. He drank his coffee and she drank her juice. 
Ron, by the calendar I should start my period tomorrow. I’m very regular and usually can feel it coming on. Now I feel nothing but a little tender boobs and it seems I’m always hungry. I think I’m pregnant and let’s pick up a test kit at a drug store.”
“I’d be the happiest man alive if it were true honey. I’m sure along the way we can find a small drug store that has what we need. Now I’m finished with coffee and how about we head on down the road of happiness.”
Ron started the motor home and turned on the wipers. The warm inside kept the condensation off the windows as Sue took her place buckling up. She looked gorgeous and smelled even better. Hair in a pony tail, new watch and ring on it took all his will power not to throw her on the floor and make love to her. She looked over at him through her sunglasses and read his thoughts saying, “What’s the matter big boy, haven’t you ever seen a nice lady before?”
His face, if she could have seen it, was red and he cleared his throat and drove slowly off and she once more said, “Do I please you my man?”
“No comment,” he playfully said, while pulling out onto the highway making sure his driving was safe now that he knew maybe there were three in the motor home. The road was a little narrow and now and then logging trucks went by throwing tons of spray in the air. An hour later they came to a town that represented the region where by a large manufacturing of wood products sat along side the road. Ron spotted a restaurant with ample parking for a motor home and pulled in grateful for the break of pouring rain, but not so much wind. He fetched Sue’s rain coat and his too leaving Amy in the motor home hurrying to the door of the restaurant. Inside were many local drinking coffee and most turned to see the strangers. Ron noticed they looked at Sue and if he had been sitting there with them he would have stared at her too. He inwardly smiled and led her to a booth next to the window where the rain made long lines of wiggles down it. 
A typical waitress dressed in a burnt orange uniform with the name of Sally brought two cups and a pot of coffee. Ron told her coffee for him and tea for Sue. She smiled with both coffee and cigarette stained teeth, left the menus and brought a tea bag and a pot of hot water for Sue. Ron made mental note to put in his pocket her favorite green tea in the future. 
Waiting for a breakfast of hotcakes and bacon Ron looked the people over. Most of the men wore heavy flannel shirts and various ball caps with names such as Caterpillar and John Deere and all wore rubber boots. Not a rain coat in sight or umbrella was seen. Tough guys, Ron thought. Sue sat quietly and listened to the sometimes raucous conversation with her keen ears. Breakfast came and went, then off down the road on their adventure after stopping for fuel, and along side the gas station a small drug store sat waiting for Ron to visit. He picked up a pregnancy test and a big jar of multivitamins. 
Back on the road again they caught a glimpse of the ocean and large bays of salt water where piles of oyster shells lay noting the industry of oyster beds. By the computer map Ron’s next destination was Astoria, Oregon. They had to cross a long bridge over the Columbia River to what the history said been the first settlement in Oregon. Astoria sat at the confluence of the Pacific Ocean and the river. On the way the rain continued and Ron described a bleak colorless landscape of logged off hills recently replanted by timber companies and small farm valleys running inland to what he thought as a lonely place to live. Sparse traffic most of the way to the giant bridge crossing into Astoria had wind warning signs out for motor homes and travel trailers. Ron said nothing and slowly made their way across the bridge with a nervous dialogue of chatter about what he saw. Now safely on the Oregon side he pulled into a supermarket parking lot and took a rest from the hours of driving. It was only middle afternoon and he felt beat up from the stress of driving. Sue felt his tension and asked, “Honey you ok? You seem a little quiet. Why don’t we buy some groceries and find a place to stay for the night. I have lots of writing to do and let’s take a rest.”
“Damn good idea and what should we buy in the market?”
Sue laughed and said, “Let’s buy all cooked food and deli stuff to tide us over for a few days.” 
“Ok, you want to come with me?”
“Yes, I’m tired of sitting and let’s push the cart around and get some exercise. I want some yogurt, peanut butter, cucumber chips….my God I’m hungry as all get out. Let’s go!” There was no need to lock the door as Amy was inside not happy she was left behind as they walked to the store with raincoats on as the wind blew sideways and the rain followed in its path. Inside they shook off and with a cart started at the deli where they bought chicken strips and the list was endless. Also all things mentioned in the motor home by Sue stacked up in the cart. Cheese and crackers Ron wanted and Sue wanted cereal and milk. Back at the motor home, cart covered with Sue’s rain coat after she got in Ron stacked the sacks inside and then said he would take Amy for a walk to do her thing. 
Ron, with Sue beside him looking at Goggle Earth found a State Park out on the tip of the land where ocean met river. An hour later they were nestled in a perfect place surrounded by evergreen trees protected by the wind and not far from the showers and restroom. Ron portrayed a good overview and then details color of their surroundings. She made quick notes and then told him before she had lost her sight she memorized the United States and where the major cities were located. She told him she knew where they were on a map and now that he put the details to her geography she had nice picture in her head. 
Ron asked, changing the subject, “When do you want to take the test?”
“Right now and will you help me? I have no idea how to do this and read the directions to me please.” Ron read the directions and all she had to do was pee in a cup and place the litmus paper in it and wait a few minutes to see what color it turned. Ron gave her a cup and she went to the bathroom returning with a cup full of urine. Ron placed the test paper in the cup and waited. The test paper should turn blue if positive and they waited with bated breath the outcome. Ron held the paper in his shaking hand while Sue said not a word. She knew she was pregnant and no paper test was needed. Ron gave off a yelp and Amy looked up at them wondering what the excitement was. 
Ron said, “Honey it is blue and we are going to have a baby.” He never felt this happy before and dug out his cell to call his parents with the news forgetting to give her a hug, and then he remembered, returning to smoother her with kisses. Sue forgave him in his excitement and hugged him back smelling the faint odor of his after shave. She heard him tell of the love he had for her and what a life ahead they had coming. He had tears of happiness and then she too let out with her emotions of the happy occasion. Ron told her the call could wait and made a cup of coffee and tea for her. He wasn’t hungry but Sue said she was a little hungry and the chicken strips sounded good with a three bean salad. 
After lunch Ron tried his cell, but the weather must be affecting the signal so he put on his rain coat and took Amy for a walk and Sue came too to use the restroom and spacious shower. From the payphone Ron connected with his mother who when found out she was going to be a grandmother had to pass the phone off to his father who lauded the news with profound expression to his son and soon to be daughter in law. Ron told them where they were and would be for the next week or so driving down the Oregon coast. Ron with Amy waited for Sue to come out and then he walked her back to the motor home. He took his shower bag and a half an hour later was back finding Sue working away on the computer. Ron had already set up level for the night and delved back into picture taking. He thought if the rain stopped he would start taking pictures and noting time of day and light. He was now more than ever determined to be the best he could at photography. 
Darkness came early and their motor home was lit up like a normal home. The heat was on and warm and nice inside. Sue he noticed was very dedicated to her writing and he later found out how good she really was. She was paid thousands for her magazine articles from all the leading publications. He found her on the internet quite by accident when he was searching for noted photographers and two in particular she used for her pictures. He read with interest how Sue wrote with such passion and detail for the readers. When she took a break he asked her for the first time about how she got started doing what she did. 
Sue moved to the table and sat across from him and said, “I got started quite by accident I guess. Father was showing a guest one day; let’s see I was about twenty four then, his work in the garage. As father told me later, the guest who was an expert in art asked if father had some written articles describing his work. Father said yes, I do, but right now it is in process and will be finished in a couple months. The guest who later I found out took the articles I wrote about father’s work and they were published under a pseudonym, but in reality it was my writing. That is how it started and now my agent tells what they want and I fill her needs via the internet. I really didn’t know how famous or rich I was until you told me about how much money I have. I don’t pay any attention to the notoriety and never promote my work such as book signing or things like that.”
Ron held hand and played with her ring and then said, “When do you want to get married, or wait a minute. Sue Lyons would you be my wife and mother of our kids?”
Sue had a flood of tears and through blowing bubbles mixed with tears and salvia said, “Yes, oh yes I will till death parts. I love you so much Ron Filbert and now I want you to make love to me and from head to toe like you do so well.”
“Honey let me take you by the hand and lead you to a place where only you and I know and only you and I know where it takes us to.”
Two hours later after a true love session of love making, something was nagging at his brain. He left her sleeping and went to the laptop for some research into eye diseases. Too many articles later and only a brief mention of what she told him happened to her, he found on a site in Switzerland where a Neuro Ophthalmologist wrote an article on this rare phenomena. Through the technical jargon he deduced that with laser technology coupled with some regeneration applications sight could be restored, but no guarantees. By now Ron was sitting upright and at full attention. My God, he thought what if Sue regained her sight! Her life would be changed forever. She would be able to see her new born and even me! He inwardly laughed as Sue came out and went into the bathroom with a sleepy look about her wearing only a sweat shirt and nothing else under the just below her pubis it rode teasing him to no end. Then she came to the table feeling her way then sitting down asking what he was doing.
Ron said, “Honey with the best memory you have of losing your sight tell me all you can about the experience and what the doctors told you or your parents.”
“Why do you want to know? I’m sorry I said that so bluntly, but I’m blind and bringing up the past is not a good feeling for me.” Ron was listening closely and like he had ants in his pants he wanted her to give him new hope for her regaining her sight. She continued saying, “Well soon to be husband I guess it won’t hurt much to tell it one more time. Really the story is not long as I said before my sight started going when I was about sixteen and finally I was totally blind by twenty. The doctors said it was a rare thing to happen and only a few had the same symptoms as I had. My father asked if an operation would help, but the answer was no, they didn’t know what to do even if they discovered the source; now eleven years later I live in a world of darkness with only the past hurt of once having sight to remember. I’m happy and I have you and Amy in my life and soon a child will be born to make my life totally full.”
Ron said, “Honey I been searching the internet looking for your rare loss of sight and since its been eleven years a lot has been done in he field of science and eye related problems. I found a young man from Switzerland how wrote an article about your disease and says it’s possible to regain some or all of your sight with use of a laser and certain drugs of regeneration.”
“Why get our hopes up. It took me a long, long time to come to grips with my handicap and if I got my hopes up only to see the procedure fail would be a real set back with depression and maybe something we never thought of. I think you love me for who I am and without the pity most heap on a handicapped person. I will do this for you my husband in the future, after the baby is born and I feel good about everything, I will consider what you propose. Is that fair?”
“Yes it is my mother of my child. However I will investigate this a little further as time goes on. It’s only nine months from now that the little child will be crying for mother’s milk,” he said with sounds of true feelings escaping his lips. His gut hurt so much he loved her so. So beautiful on the outside only to make the outside dim compared to the beauty of the inside. 
Both hungry and Amy too with a softer rain that Aberdeen coming down with little or no wind, they raided the ice box and loaded up on cheese, yogurt and various other items to fill up on. Crackers with cheese and salami were Ron’s favorite and everything seemed Sue’s favorite as she sampled them all giggling as she wolfed down whatever she ordered and he fixed for her. 
Filled up both emotionally and physically, they went to bed where once two slept now three filled the bed. 
Ron woke first and heard birds making morning sounds of chirping and he even heard little feet on the roof signifying the rain had stopped. It was still mostly dark, but the day was dawning. Ron went to he bathroom and came back to put on his sweats and take Amy for a walk. He put on his down coat and quietly left closing the door gently so as not to wake his pregnant future wife. So few campers around he took off Amy’s leash and let her run around a little. Ron felt the chill of the damp morning but a red glow to the east made signs that maybe a day without rain and light good enough to take pictures heightened his mood. Ron and Amy made their way around for a while and then returned to a warm motor home with the sun now rising to he east amid broken clouds lazily floating to the north east. Entering he found Sue making hot water and cups were on the table waiting for them. Somehow she found a way to make toast and a stack of English muffins hot was sitting on the table. She said, “Can’t find the strawberry jam or butter, but soon I will figure it out,” as she raised her lips to be kissed and after that gave Amy a good morning hug too. 
Ron sat down with the fresh cup of coffee and looked at the map of Oregon on the laptop. If the promise of good lights they would stay until noon or so and then move down the coast over a highway that looked like a very twisted highway? “Honey let’s walk around this park and see what it has to offer. The brochure says there are some old fort walls built many years ago to keep the Japanese from invading and that would make a nice picture as the light will behind us coming up from the east.” 
“Sounds nice to me and it are good for Amy to get some exercise in and me too. I must control my eating now and take care of our baby,” she said with lowered head playing a little coy he thought. 
Off they went camera and bag full of wide angles and zoom lens with Sue on his arm and Amy on a leash. Sue had her cane making sure she didn’t trip on anything to let Amy off the hook leading her around. Ron kept the conversation going and soon they spotted the old fort where cannon stood facing the Columbia River and where the Pacific Ocean came together. The river was wide like maybe a mile or more across the mouth and a muddy color from the rains washing down the soil from its many tributaries. Ron started snapping pictures of anything and everything. Close ups and wide angles he noted each shot in a notebook. Every once in awhile he took Sue and Amy’s picture and two hours later and a notebook full of exposures they made their way back to the motor home as the clouds started rolling in from the southwest announcing another storm coming. 
They pulled out and drove west and south on highway 101 with the next stop somewhere for lunch and then Cannon Beach where the highway met the Pacific Ocean. Along the way farms spread out ubiquitously sporting green grass and lots of milk cows grazing the fresh grass. Grass grew here pretty much year around as frost was rare and snow was even rarer. Ron gave Sue the deep green colors of pastures and with the sun still breaking through the clouds before the storm flashes of red barns and gold farm houses seem the colors of the area. Must have had a paint sale recently, Ron thought. Traffic was light and it was easy driving. 
About one o’clock they pulled into Seaside a fair size town on the coast. Ron pulled into a gas station where they fueled up and asked where a good place to park and view the ocean from. Inside where Ron paid, an old timer told him a place just not too far from here and drew a quick map for him to find the place mentioned. Not long after those following very good directions they found a parking lot for cars and motor homes. Not many motor homes and fewer cars were there and Ron pulled parallel to the ocean and parked. 
The sound of the ocean still rough from the last storm made a roaring noise and Sue cocked her head listening while Ron told her what he saw: big waves tumbling onto the beach and deer colored sand coming from the surf to white sand above the high tide mark. Drift wood logs dotted the beach along the bank telling her they were white as ghosts and some had roots still attached making it look like an Edgar Allen Poe story if seen at night. He asked her, “Sue, want to walk on the beach before lunch or after lunch?”
She told him after lunch that she would be hungry again, but she would only eat a little now and maybe more later. Ron dug out an assortment of meats and cheese, bread and crackers and chips and dip. Eating lunch it looked and sounded like the wind was picking up as the motor home swayed a little with a larger gust once in awhile. Salt air seeped in and mixed with the smell of salami and cheese. 
Dressed in sweats and windbreakers; with wool stocking hats on; Amy on a long leash, Sue for the first time in her life stepped foot on a sandy beach. She was holding Ron’s arm so tight it hurt as the soft sand made her unsteady, but soon walking closer to the surf, the sand firmed up and she relaxed a little. The sun was hiding behind the clouds and a strong breeze was blowing, but Sue took a deep breath and said, “I love it and the heavy salt air is invigorating and tell me what you see of the ocean and the waves spilling over each other.”
They stopped and Ron looked for details like a good photographer and said, “The hissing sound is the end of a wave with lots of white foam running across the sand and then retreating back forming a back stop to the advancing wave coming. The water is a mix of light blue and brown as the surf stirs the sand and swirls it around inside the water. Out further bigger waves build against a blue that is more of a sky blue on a hazy day. The white of the water mixed with oxygen I think is the cause of the breaking waves. Out further on the horizon are rolling swells making their way to the beach. Because of the past storm and heavy winds large swells are evident and they are blue in color mixed with a faded green color. The sand is a dark brown color the closer you get to the surf and the drier it gets the lighter brown in color, until it is mostly white above the high tide mark.”
“I got it and now let’s walk and how many people do you see walking on the beach?”
“Only a few as a storm is coming and this is not what most people call a nice day at the beach,” laughing as they picked up the pace. Ron had turned Amy loose and she ran around chasing sea gulls, but staying out of the salt water. Walking south into the wind was a chore and soon Sue said they should go back as the going was not pleasant for her. Walking back was much easier and when they were almost to the motor home they trudged through soft sand to the door. Ron, with foresight had a small Wisk broom and brushed Sue’s feet and Amy’s four feet and legs before climbing into the motor home. He too cleaned the sand off and with a sigh safe from the oncoming heavy wind and a rain beginning sat down at the table thinking about a hot cup of coffee. Amy read his mind and soon hot water was ready for instant coffee and tea.
Relaxing at the table Ron asked Sue, “Honey what you think so far about the trip?”
“I like it very much and soon as I get my bearings of the inside of our home, I will feel more at ease. Now I have to really work my brain to remember everything I need such as clothes, bathroom stuff, and so on. I loved the beach and hope someday the weather will be nice enough to feel the rays of the sun and we can sit on the beach running my hands and feet through the warm sand.”
“Me too, I’ve not spent much time on a beach except down in Florida where the sand is so hot you can’t walk barefoot and the broiling sun is way too hot to sit under.”
“Honey I’m a little hungry, would you get me some snacks to munch on,” she said with a pouting voice. Ron made for the refer and dug out some yogurt and left over chicken strips. He found a couple hotdogs and gave them to Amy while he made a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. After a nice snack Ron said they would drive down to Cannon Beach and spend the night. 
Leaving Seaside and making their way to Cannon beach, first down a valley of farms detailed by Ron, then over the mountains where forests of evergreen stood tall creating a green on green picture, then down the mountains to the coast and Ebola State Park. However before parking for the night they drove into town and found a supermarket to stock up on Sue’s voracious apatite. Hurrying into the market they once again with cart in hand cruised the deli section. A Chinese section piqued their interest and now Sue wanted some ice cream. No doubt she was with child, Ron thought. Also more English muffins and a sack full of salad ready to eat. Fruit by the arm load and off they went to the back of the parking lot against the rain and wind. 
The park was mostly empty for November is not a busy season for the coast. A few diehards with closed up curtains sat looking forlorn against the storm now in progress. A nice young woman picked out a site close to the showers and a view of the sea. Ron made sure the motor home was level and secure. Water and electricity hooked up he was once again soaked when he came back in. Amy didn’t want to go out and that was fine with him. Sue wanted a hot shower and decked out in rain gear and ditty bags off they went to prepare for an afternoon of relaxing while the storm raged outside. 
Sue hit the computer and Ron took a nap. When he woke from a dreamless sleep Sue was still working and Amy lay on the floor next to her. Ron checked his cell and found a text message from his father saying to call him soonest it was important. Now what he thought, it is probably something about aunt Bee. Damn, this is supposed to be a quiet trip without strings attached. A dark grey near black cloud of foreboding like the weather outside descended over him.

Chapter XV



Ron told Sue he was making a trip to the restroom and to make a phone call to his parents. She grunted an acknowledgement and with rain coat on and his new golf umbrella he left the motor home with Amy hot on his heels to do her job. Ron punched in the phone numbers with shaky fingers and when his father answered the phone, first he chastised him it being so late, and then gave him the news. Ron listened carefully as his father related the contents of the registered letter from his ex-wife. Ten minutes later the last thing his father said, “Ron don’t worry these things can be taken care of, but some inconvenience will occur.” Ron told him he would call tomorrow and tell him what the plan was after he talked to Sue. Amy was sitting by his side and Ron took advantage of the restroom he was standing next to sit and contemplate how he would tell his future wife the contents of the shocking news. 
Back in the motor home Ron didn’t notice it was growing even darker as the day came to an end. Here, he thought, is our first test of how strong our relationship is. Rain coat hung up in the shower he walked to the table and sat down. He needed a strong cup of coffee and put the water on to boil, while glancing at the long blonde hair of his lovely wife as she typed away.
Hot coffee and a cup of hot water with her tea bag floating in it, he asked her to come have a cup of tea that he had something to tell her. Wordless she saved her document and came to the table feeling her way to her place. “Honey, I will never lie to you and you must trust in that. I just spoke to my father and this is what he told me came from the postman early today.” Sue was looking at his voice not expecting bad news, but could tell from his voice it was not good news, but told herself to listen. He continued, “My ex-wife says she had a baby and that I’m the father. Now she is intelligent and knows that it is easily proved through DNA testing. I’m to go to a hospital and have a DNA sample then send it to my father who will transfer it to his attorneys in New York. From a check to verify and that will determine what the next step or steps are. Let’s assume it is my baby and what does she want? She wants money of course. She never wanted kids and how she came by this situation is beyond me.” Ron stopped to let her think on what he said. 
It wasn’t long and she asked, “Will we have to go to New York, or back east if it’s your baby?” Ron picked up right away on the we and told her that was most likely have to happen as child support would be in order and that would take a court of law to decide the amount and so forth.
Next she asked, “Ron you know I have no experience much in relationships and have relied on you one hundred percent. Without you or someone to help me I have no life outside my house in Seattle. Does this change our relationship any?”
“Honey, I love you with all my heart and was and am worried you might think I lied to you or deceived you some way. She my ex-wife; Abby had good reason to divorce me. I was a drunk and alcoholic, but never abusive. She only wants money knowing how rich my father is. Most likely we need to fly to Florida first and then see what happens. In the meantime my father said let him handle it after I send the sample to him. Usually money is the answer and to satisfy her all it takes is money. What I really want to know is does she want the baby?”
“Do you mean to say she might not want the baby?” Ron heard loud and clear her shock of finding out a mother didn’t want her baby. “Well if she doesn’t want the baby we do, oh I never asked if you might want the baby. Forgive me please,” as she held his hands that he noticed her knuckles white with stress. 
“Sue of course if she doesn’t want the baby and you think it is all right to add to our new upcoming family, by all means let’s see what we can do.”
“Honey I’m with you all the way. From the first time I asked you to make love to me, I was totally committed to you heart and soul. Look at this from a blind persons place. Yes, I know what town we’re in and yes I know what state we’re in, but if you walked out the door I would be cast on the mercy of others to help get me to a home that is under construction. I’d be a worthless wife and human being if I didn’t support you and believe in you. The past is just that, the past. For whatever reason Abby is doing this to you is her reasons and not ours. She wants money; okay we both have plenty of money. What’s important is the baby.” Her grip tightened and tears were now flowing down her cheeks and Ron knew her well enough to know they were tears of sadness for an unwanted baby. And, more importantly, tears of happiness knowing they might have an addition to their family. 
Ron said, “I want to tell you a story from the past as it might come up in court and I don’t want it to be a surprise. Some years ago, she was so angry at me she decided to put me in jail for wife abuse. She hired a boyfriend to beat her up and then she went to the hospital and eventually charges of wife abuse were filed against me. The police picked me up and the next thing I knew I was in jail. I called my father and I was out on bail before the night was over. To make a long story short, my father sent a team of private investigators to find the truth and the truth was found as the boyfriend confessed the whole story to the police. Then we had to plead no case to the judge for Abby and she tearfully accepted the scolding of the judge and it was forgotten; but I never forgot it.”
Silence, as the wind and rain made its presence known pounding on the roof and sides of the motor home. Sue never said a word and led him to the bedroom pulling off her sweats top and bottom then laid on the bed with her arms open for him. Ron followed suit and lie down beside her holding her and then covering her salty mouth with kisses that made him drunk with love. His hand went to her breast where soon their baby would take its nourishment from and he wanted some of that nourishment for his soul as he greedily sucked on her breast going from one to the other. Sue arched her back wanting more as he nibbled on her nipple and ran his tongue around, then filled his mouth with the whole thing sucking, but not too hard as he heard sounds of passion coming from her lips. 
Flashes of bright lights went off in his head as he found her wet and inviting with his hand while he made love to her flat stomach. His own need was throbbing from his member as hard now as the rain beating on the roof. He lowered his mouth to taste her sweetness and his long hair free from a pony tail fell over his face and next thing he felt was her hands in his hair pulling on it and saying words of what she wanted him to do next. He took her words and sucked gently on her hard clit and that sent her almost to her secret place. Her lover and future husband continue his attack on her wet pussy and when he used his other hand to warm his finger in her tight place of delight his tongue and finger brought her body shaking and muscle spasms along with vocal sounds left her exhausted laying on the bed hair spread out on the pillow and arms lying on each side powerless to move. Ron once again laid his head on her soft downy stomach and caught his breath. His penis still throbbed, but no matter he was satisfied with making love to her. 
Sue rolled over and rose to her knees offering her backside to him. Ron was more than ready and eased up behind her. Sue reached between her legs and guided him into a still very wet place that ached for more attention. It was almost too much for Ron as he tried to hold back from the erotic position and soon he came in great spurts as Sue pushed back wanting all of him deep in her womb. Both collapsed in a heap with Ron rolling off to the side. A blanket next to the side of the bed made a good covering as he placed it over both of them while they recovered with the rain as company to their dreams.  
After a short nap, a wet trip in the dark to the hot showers; and to let Amy run free, then a run back to the motor home to satisfy a real food hunger, saw the lovers eating Chinese food warmed in the microwave and other items from the store, including strawberry ice cream. Idle chatter and poking fun at each other mostly related to their acts of lovemaking filled the motor home with happiness. 
After dinner Ron looked at the map and saw Tillamook not far down the road. It looked large enough for a hospital and that was the plan for the next day. Also, while there Sue would take a pregnancy test to verify the off the shelf test a few days before.

It wasn’t long after that it was time for a real nights sleep from an emotional day filled with ups and downs, but mostly ups. Both fell asleep in each others arms and at daylight woke Ron, if you call dark grey day daylight. Rain continued its wrath and both of them used their own bathroom as no one wanted to go outside, except Amy who after a short run and relief, came back soaked. Ron dried her off and she loved the attention licking his face making throat sounds of happiness. Ron did his outside job of disconnecting and off they went without breakfast to Tillamook and a test that would lead to a major change in their lives. 

Chapter XVI



Ron found the hospital and before they went in they had breakfast at a restaurant. Tillamook, they heard, was famous for cheese and after the hospital Ron wanted to visit the factory. Meanwhile after breakfast they went to the hospital and Ron told the receptionist what he wanted. It only got more confusing after that and Ron had to find a doctor to give permission for him to have them do a DNA test. However the lady was nice enough to give him a phone number and after calling the doctor’s office they lumbered over in the motor home for an appointment. Ron once again explained the situation and in no time the young doctor had the hospital on the phone and a written prescription for what he needed. Also while they talked Sue was given another pregnancy test and the test confirmed that she was pregnant. 
An hour later found them at the cheese factory sampling the special tasting cheese so popular all over the Western States. Ron had called his father telling him the overnight mail would contain his DNA sample for a lab in Florida to do the work. And he told him they would catch a plane in Portland and he’d let him know flight and arrival time in Ft. Lauderdale. After the cheese visit and a gift box for his parents they left for Portland International Airport. 
It was early November and not a peak season for travel and after a long and tiring fiasco with Amy flying with them, finally Ron booked three first class seats for Florida. A muzzle for Amy’s chagrin and a short lease attacked to her seat was accepted and after Ron called home off they went on Sue’s first time in a plane of any size. As long as she was with her man, she felt safe with Amy not far away. As to the contents in the refrigerator all was dumped in the garbage behind a supermarket before parking in long term. 
“How long before we get there,” Sue asked. 
“About five hours I think. I’m not sure and can ask the flight attendant when she comes by.”
“How is Amy,” she asked.
“Not real happy I would imagine, but she is bearing up just fine. I think once we get going they will let her come to us and stay by our feet. But for now she must be patient. By the way how is your seat?”
“Lovely and so comfortable; I’m going to put on my head phones and listen to music and lay back for a little rest.” For Ron he was tied up in knots about having to face his ex-wife in court again. Last time it was a scene from hell with screaming and crying jags that really didn’t impress anyone, especially the judge or lawyers. Is it a boy or girl he wondered and he felt deep inside if they would have divorced if she had become pregnant some years back; or if he would have not  been such a drunk. Nowadays he never thought of drinking and when the flight attendant came by offering free whatever, he declined smiling. Now he thought about his parents and what they were going through with the news of a grandchild unseen or unheard of and him bringing a future wife who was blind. My God he thought thinking about if he had told him Sue was sightless, how stupid of me. Well it’s too late now. Ron turned on the news on TV and soon turned it off with the same old stuff that really didn’t matter only to a few people in the world and he wasn’t one of them. He flipped to a movie and it lost him in a love story and smiled thinking that his future wife could write a better one from their brief experience. 
A half hour later the flight attendant came by with orders for dinner. Ron ordered for both of them and gently nudged Sue when the food came. Amy, Ron noticed was sleeping peacefully and after dinner he asked the attendant if Amy could rest on the floor between them. She looked around and told him to wait a minute and talked to what was probably the head attendant. Shortly she came back and said it was ok to move her over, but keep the leash fairly tight and that she could have her muzzle off for water and food too. Ron thanked her deeply and moved Amy over and soon she was happy to be close to them and caused no trouble all the way to Florida.
Sue sat thinking about meeting Ron’s parents and subsequent events happening after that. What was his mother like and would they pity her for being blind? Did Ron tell them she was blind and what if they don’t like me? I don’t know if I’m going backwards or forwards. Then a smile came across her face thinking about the little life growing inside her. He loves me, I’m sure of that, but why do I feel it all might not be real on his part. It’s only been a few weeks and marriage is for years and years. Oh father where are you I really need you right now to help me through these times. Here I am blind and flying to Florida to meet people I don’t know. Then there is the ex-wife and her baby to deal with. Scared, she reached out for Ron’s hand and he found it cold and clammy. Soon it warmed up and she felt better with a connection to real life. 
They didn’t have any check in bags only carry on. Ron thought they would go shopping and besides the weather was warm and sub-tropical needing only summer dresses for her and lightweight clothes for him. On top of that, it would be an excuse for his mother to take both of them shopping and Amy would love his father. One reason for his father’s success was his relationship with his workers. Never graduated college and worked his way up the old fashion way: hard work. Now as they exited the plane and walked the covered gangway, Amy being led by Sue with her harness on, Ron with the two bags of mostly toiletry items and shorts, panties and whatever else they soon arrived in the pickup area of the airport where Ron spotted his mother waving and his dad being cool and stoic. Coming closer he saw her face drop as the realization of his future wife was sightless. Father couldn’t have cared less; his son was home for a visit. Good or bad he felt time stand still seeing his son again after so long absent.
Ron introduced Sue who had a smile on and mother gave both of them a hug which made Sue’s white cheeks turns a little red. Father shook hands and patted Ron on the back saying “Welcome home son.” 
Walking to the car, Ron’s mother got over the shock and started babbling about babies. Sue was taken in by her kindness she readily responded to her conversation so by the time they arrived at home they felt comfortable together heedless of her handicap. Father and son talked a little business but mostly it could wait. An hour later they parked in a giant garage and both Sue and Ron felt the warm weather of Florida. 
Ron led Sue to his room in the back of the house where a sliding glass door opened up to a swimming pool. Ron gave her a running commentary on the house as they traveled down marble floors and slowly turning ceiling fans. The house was fairly quiet except for Amy’s feet making small clicking noise when she walked. To Sue it seemed large and it was. Her nose picked up the scent of fruit and lemon caught her senses as they entered his former bedroom. Ron told her they had their own bathroom and all the creature comforts of the rich. Sue was scared she would get lost and told Ron her Amy should be with her if she was left alone. Ron assured her that someone would be with her at all times except in the bathroom as he laughed a little to ease the tension. Later Sue discovered many maids and a cook plus outside help were always around. They were instructed, after his mother found out Sue was blind, to not let her want for anything. She ran a military house and all knew it would mean their jobs if they didn’t follow what she said.
After a quick shower, Ron’s former clothes still hung in the closet and drawers, dressed; he left to find something for Sue to relax in. It was late as midnight was approaching but father wanted to talk so Ron and Sue sat in his library talking about the upcoming hearing. Sue wanted to listen, but Mabel wanted to hear more of what Sue did.
Sue made it sound like she didn’t do much but write a few articles for magazines, but Mabel was persistent asking about what magazines she wrote for. Sue gave her a few names and Mabel sat back with a shock look as it dawned on her she read everything Sue wrote. She said louder than she intended, “You’re that Sue Lyons! I never put the two names together until now. My God you are famous and I love your writing as do my friends. We can’t wait until a new piece comes out so we can discuss it. Wait till I tell my ladies my new daughter in law is Sue Lyons the writer.”
Sue felt totally embarrassed and hung her head wishing they could escape to bed. Ron heard the conversation while his father listened too. Ron got up and told them it had been a long day and let’s meet for breakfast. Ron led Sue back to their room and let Amy out to take care of her business.
Mabel sat there still stunned as her husband asked what all the commotion was about. Mabel told him how famous a writer Sue Lyons is and how popular her articles in many magazines she wrote for was. “She writes with such detail and beauty and her colors paint a picture you only dream about. Every month she is the talk around the bridge table at the club. I must take her and show her off,” she said with excitement and holding her hand at her throat in an act of a secret she didn’t want escaping from her neck. 
“Mabel, now just wait a minute. Maybe she doesn’t want to meet your friends and have them slobbered all over her. You’d best talk to your son first and then see what he thinks. I have a feeling she doesn’t like publicity and maybe you should limit her exposure for awhile. Let her adjust to us and our home. She is blind my dear, don’t forget that.”
“You’re right dear, I will just make a few phone calls and that’s all.” Some how Ron’s father didn’t believe her as this was more thrilling than watching her soap operas he guessed. As he walked away he thought nothing could be more exciting to her than those damn soap operas where people cried all the time and were always screwing their neighbors. 
An hour later Mabel quietly came to bed after making a few phone calls with the news of Ron and The Sue Lyons in her house; it wasn’t the best or smartest thing she ever did as it turned out. By mid morning the next day, half of the city knew Sue Lyons was in town and even the local rag ran an article to the effect. To quote Jack London, “If [Sue] could read new papers she would know trouble was brewing.” 
Waking early the next morning Ron took Sue swimming before breakfast in the pool. He had swim trucks on and she had a T-shirt and a pair of his old trunks on. Sue could swim and she loved the water. The day was warm and sunny, but Ron was a little worried of sun burn to her white delicate skin so before she got wet he applied sun block on her exposed skin. Ron’s father walked out with a cup of coffee in his hand and viewed the scene. They were splashing and having a good time with Amy running around yelping along the side of the pool. Ron was sure the gardeners and staff got an eye full of her wet T-shirt as her small breasts stuck out for all to see the hard nipples he love to play with standing at attention. Of course she never noticed and continued to swim and have fun. 
On the other hand, Mabel was busy on the phone and had her nose where it didn’t belong. Ron’s father wondered why the phone starting ringing so early, but like a man, forgot about it while sitting in a lawn chair happy his son was back home and with a what seemed a very nice looking woman. He smiled thinking about her carrying his grand child. Then his smiled was wiped off by the thoughts of a court case coming that would upset his happiness for his family. He was determined to have his lawyers make sure this was the end of it forever. He’d discovered the new found baby was a boy and somehow he would see to it that Ron got custody come hell or high water. 
Showers over and breakfast on the table all four of them sat around talking about the past and future. Then they got down to business as Ron asked, “When will the lab have my DNA to compare with the baby?”
“I’m waiting for a call anytime now and after breakfast let’s discuss what the possibilities are for settlement if it turns out positive,” he replied with a grim face looking at his wife who had a guilty look on her face. “Meanwhile I think it a good idea to take this young lady and buy her some clothes to feel good in. Also a bathing suit is a good plan.” Father changed the subject and asked Sue, “Sue I hear you are a famous writer and as I read very little except dumb novels, can you tell us a little what you do?”
Sue had been munching on Florida oranges after a hearty breakfast of granola cereal and toast with bacon, said meekly, “I don’t know about the famous part, but I write articles for magazines about what I can’t see, but what is seen through other eyes I write about places and times drawing on my past experience when I could see. For example if someone said they saw a cute farm in a valley, I make a story of the family and describe the setting. My agent then takes my story and hires a photographer to find a place that fits the story fairly close.”
“Mabel jumped in with her questions now that the door was open, but Ron gave her a headshake saying easy does it. Just one question as he raised his finger to tell her how it was with again a firm look. “Sue, how do you write when you can’t see what you’re typing?”
“Oh, that is easy Mrs. Filbert. My computer talks to me and makes corrections of grammar and stuff like that automatically. The final draft is done by my agent’s editor and after many years, the editor knows what changes are needed. The final ok is after I hear the story read to me over voice on the computer using headphones.”
Ron broke into the conversation and said, “What say we take a ride and buy you some tropical clothes and maybe have lunch somewhere on the warm ocean beach.”
All agreed a good idea and Ron, Sue and father went to his office to discuss settlement and let Mabel make a reservation at the yacht club where they berth their yacht. While discussing the settlement father’s phone rang. He mostly listened and told the caller he would be back with him shortly after he discussed the matter with his son. Hanging up he said, “We should know the results of the test by tomorrow and a tentative date for court is next week Friday. I told my lawyers to push for court so we can take care of this and get on with our lives. Meanwhile I had my lawyer’s feel Abbey out about if in fact is your child, would she give up custody. Our lawyers feel she would be happy to get rid of the kid for a price.” He left it there as Mabel came in announcing it was all set and when they were ready, let’s go. What she didn’t tell them she had called a couple of old nosy bags to say where they were having lunch and accidentally stop by the table for introduction and maybe an autograph. 
They drove to a boutique or two and a couple hours later, clothes filled the trunk as they drove to the beach for lunch. Ron kept a dialogue up and described the area while passing by many strip malls and tall palm trees. Arriving at the yacht club, they were given the VIP treatment as usual. The Filbert’s were very active in the club as father was the current club president and the most generous benefactor of the club. His position allowed a special table sat in a kiddy corner next to the window over looking the harbor. Sue was hanging to Ron like a child would a mother in a crowed place. Sitting down he described the large dinning room and the view using detail of the many luxury boats docked or coming and going. 
Sue started to relax and Mabel tried to engage her in conversation, but Mabel started to realize Sue was very shy and it would take time to make her relax and open up. Father was studying the menu he probably knew by heart and then said, “What would you like son and Sue. Fresh fish is always good as it comes in around daylight, or any shell fish is available, like lobster from the north is flown in every morning too,” as he looked to Ron. 
Ron said, “Fish sounds good and I’m sure Sue will like anything as her condition has opened up a whole new world of food.” Every one laughed and Ron’s father the hardest. He tentatively reached out and put his large brown hand of laborer and gently placed it on his future daughter in law. Sue didn’t react negatively, and placed her other hand on his making the bonding mutual. Ron noticed and inwardly smiled with pleasure.
Next thing he knew and with his mothers exclaim, four other old ladies surrounded the table saying hello and nice to see you kind of thing, but all their eyes were on Sue. Ron didn’t miss a thing and glared at his mother. Mother began the introductions and Sue was overwhelmed and turned inward looking down at nothing feeling closed in and a bit scared as she grabbed Ron’s hand, leaning towards him for support. For Sue it was all a mixed conversation of words scrabbled like eggs. Questions flew like a flock of flamingoes taking off into the late afternoon orange sky. Needless to say it got out of hand and finally father said “Enough is enough and please leave the poor girl alone.” Mother sat back down and the other old bags left with their noses in the air feeling put out. 
Ron was fuming and his mother felt the daggers coming to her. She said, “I thought it was ok to have our new daughter in law meet a few of my friends. I didn’t mean any harm. It’s not often we have a celebrity in our club and in our family,” as tears welled up in her eyes. 
Sue said, “It’s all right Mrs. Filbert. If you will give me some time, I would be happy to entertain your guests and answer their questions, but not in a restaurant. Being sightless demands a base of security and home is the best place for that, don’t you agree?”
“Yes, and please forgive an old woman. I just got carried away and, well, you are so special in our world, you just don’t know how popular you really are. When the magazines hit the supermarkets a rush is on like a cattle stampede. Myself I subscribe to all of your different magazines and pick up extra copies at the supermarket. It’s our dream world and we are part of the story you write. I hate it when the story ends. I’ll show you at home how I rotate reading and rereading everyday. We are more addicted to you than a drug addict is to his choice of drugs.”
Sue listened closely as did Ron. Now he felt sorry for his mother and told her how much he loved her and never mind let’s enjoy our lunch as it arrived smelling wonderful. All was forgotten as the conversation turned to taking the yacht out soon as things settled down. Sue put on a big smile and told them she had never been on a boat in her life, but related the story of the locks when they first met. 
On the way back Sue asked Ron, “Honey this seems like a big car. Tell me about it as it kind of feels like our van in some ways to me.”
Ron laughed and said, “Honey this is a limo and God knows how long it is. Kind of like our van, the seats are opposite and we are facing mom and dad. Double doors on both sides for easy entry exit. There is a TV and bar and phones all over the place.”
“It’s so quiet in here and feels so smooth. I think we need one of these when we have more kids,” she joked. Ron was happy she broke all the tension and his parents visibly relaxed for the first time. 
“Ron where did you find this lovely lady and how did you guys meet,” his mother asked hoping she hadn’t put her foot in her mouth again looking at her son for acceptance. 
Sue took the question taking Ron off the hook, which later he sucked her toes for the way out of a hard question for him to answer. Sue said, “We met in a park near my home on a warm sunny afternoon. My dog Amy took to him right away and she either likes you or doesn’t like you. We talked about what he saw and his detail impressed me and later he walked me home. Then I asked him if he could be a handy man around my place as I had a spare room in the garage to stay in. My mom and dad passed away a few years ago and I needed some help. Well Ron agreed and we fell in love and end of story.”
“Wait a minute,” Ron said, “you didn’t tell him your father was a sculptor and a famous one at that. Her father was international known and when I read about his work, found out he used Sue for his writing of articles. That is how she got her start.”
“Oh my God,” father exclaimed, “Is he the Albert Lyons I know about?”
Sue answered, head down in a humble way said, “Yes, he is my father.”
“In my building in New York, he did a sculptor in the foyer. I met him and now I see some resemblance. Well, it is a small world we live in,” shaking his head as they pulled into the circle drive way of a mansion hard to believe its size and opulence. 
Ron and Sue spent the afternoon by the pool. Amy sat next to them panting from the heat. Mother came out and sat with them drinking fresh juice and they talked about the last few years about Ron. Ron told her the story in not so much detail and in the end assured her he had new life and the life before was buried in the past. Now he wanted to learn photography and be part of her life of writing. His plan, which raised an eyebrow on Sue, was to travel the world taking pictures and writing her stories. Mother had tears running down her face she was so happy. 
“What would you do with the kids?”
“Take them with us,” he replied, “Hire a nanny and it’s obvious we would need help as Sue’s condition and work would demand the help.” Sue quietly got up and caned her way to the pool for a cool off dip. She felt good and was adjusting to the place. The weather was really nice and the pool gave her some exercise she missed walking with Amy. While swimming she thought about the boy child up in New York and she felt it was his child. I wonder what she is like, she thought as a big splash occurred and Ron came up under her pulling on her foot. They frolicked around until father came out and said to Ron that to come into the study for a minute. Ron toweled off and put on a shirt following his father inside the house.
Ron sat down and his father said, “If, and I say if, the boy child is yours she will deal for custody. Her terms are outrages, but we can negotiate. No matter the price, if reasonable, we will take the boy away from her. She’s so confident he’s yours that she’s flying down here tomorrow to finalize the deal. We’ll meet her at a hotel and my lawyers are drawing up the papers as we speak leaving out the amount only. A one time cash settlement and we can close the book on her.”
Ron thought for a moment and said, “Father thank you. We really appreciate your help and now I’ll tell Sue. By the way we should talk about when we’ll get married. Sue wants a church wedding and that’s fine by me. I don’t know what the laws are here in Florida about waiting time and such things. However, we would like to get married here where you are and then we’ll go back to Seattle where the house should be finished by Christmas. Oh, by the way dad, I have a favor to ask you and it concerns her blindness.” 
Father looked curious and listened like the pro his was. Ron told him about her disease and that there was a doctor in Switzerland who was experimenting on this rare disease and thought it was very probable that sight could be restored with laser technology and regeneration drugs. Ron sat back and waited for his father to respond.
Respond he didn’t, he picked up the phone and called his lawyers in New York and told them to, after Ron produced the doctors name and city, to find out all they could about him and his work. That was answer enough for Ron as he got up and left to find his future wife. Sue and his mother were yakking back and forth about getting married in Florida and that gave his mother something to do other than stick her nose in where it didn’t belong. Ron told them sorry to break in but he was going to take a shower and Sue went with him. Amy stayed with mother as he like her and the reverse was true.
After a nice shower and a bout in bed leaving them both happy and feeling on top of the world, they went to dinner after a knock on their door. An outdoor BBQ as father was mostly a meat and potato man, under a closing night, warm with a slight breeze blowing off the ocean, all relaxed with fresh lemonade to drink. Neither of Ron’s parents drank so alcohol wasn’t a problem. 
Father said the test came back positive and tomorrow was a big day meeting Abby. Sue thought that money sure is nice when needed. And this powerful man knew how to use it. Also the waiting time for a marriage license was waived with only the date needing set. With that the news ended the conversation and the night. All went to bed dreading tomorrow’s confrontation and the first look at the heir after Ron to a vast fortune. Ron’s sister had left the family many years ago. She detested money and lived frugally with a chiropractor near Chicago. It was only once a year a post card arrived at Christmas without a written word. 

Chapter XVII

Ron didn’t need to ask Sue if she wanted to go with them. She took it for granted she was going. Sue wanted to show this lady who she was and that love is more powerful than money. How could she give up a baby and walk away for life. For the first time in a long time she really wanted to cast her vision on his former wife. If someone asked her how she felt this morning, she would have told them mad and angry, with pity for the mother and hope for the future with the little guy. 
Ron was all tied up inside pacing around the house and mumbling to no one in particular. He looked nice in sport coat as mother told Sue who was dressed to the nines with her pearls against her lovely skin. A yellow summer dress and sandals made Ron want to throw her on the floor and have his never ending desire for her before seeing the bitch from hell.
The lawyers were waiting for Mr. Filbert and Ron et al in the lobby of the hotel agreed upon. A conference room was reserved for them and they told Mr. Filbert the party was already waiting for arrival. Sue had a death grip on his arm with her white cane in the other hand. It didn’t surprise Ron to see Abby sitting at the head of the table as he walked in. Next to sat her lawyer he presumed. He was a dorky looking guy who no doubt was intimidated by the four lawyers surrounding the powerful looking Ronald Filbert the Second.  Ron guided Sue to a chair along side his and sat down looking at his former wife in the eye. Her gaze back emulated a range of emotions form contempt, disgust, and pure hate. He tried to portray indifference as her eyes went from his to Sue. Not a sign of emotion came from her.
Mr. Filbert said, “Here,” as his head lawyer walked to the other end of the large table with the papers sliding them to her from a three foot distance, “is our offer. I waste no words and suggest you consider it carefully as this is a take it or leave it situation. If we have to go to court, I can do that. Now read it and you have five minutes to sign or walk out.”
Abby stood up and vociferously said, “How dare you talk to me that way. I have your grandson and I would appreciate it if you treated me with a little respect. By the way can’t that drunk of a son of yours speak for himself?” She sat down as her lawyer whispered in her ear. Fully five minutes went by as they talked to each other. Then Abby said, in a more conciliatory voice, “My lawyer suggests I take the offer and I will sign as is. The child is upstairs with my mother and will bring him down when I call her.” With a flourish she signed the papers and brought them around the table and threw them at Ron.
Sue startled at the papers flying, gasped as Abby said in a voice of malice and hate, “Good luck honey. At first he's a great guy and then he'll beat the shit out of you like he did me on more than one occasion. He’s a great fuck and with his long dick, which I’m sure you know about now, gives you the only pleasure he can. The only reason I married the guy was for his daddy’s money which I have now. I also see you are blind and that includes your belief in him. He was always a sucker for blondes and God knows how many he picked up in the bars over the years. So long suckers, see you around some time,” as she walked out holding her head high with no one saying a word; as all stood up at once ready to leave the stink of the room left by the foul mouth Abby. 
Sue was not so shocked, but still couldn’t believe she heard the filth coming from such a hateful woman. Not the swear words so much, but the anger from her and probably the hurt of a failed life was more to the point. 
Shortly a woman of sixty brought the boy child into the lobby where they waited. She was a spitting image of her daughter. Tears ran down her lined face. She walked directly to Ron and held out the one year old boy who was dressed in shorts and T-shirt with a Ferrari on the front. His dark brown hair and dark skin was more like her mother than Ron was apparent. His cubby cheeks gave the overall look of a healthy young boy. Mrs. Stockworth said, “It breaks my heart to give up my grandbaby, but life is full of hurt and sadness. I beg you to let me see him as he grows up so as not to forget his other grandmother.”
“Mrs. Stockworth, believe me when I say you can visit or we can make arrangements for you to see him when it is convenient for all of us. I want him to know who you are and if he desires, his mother too. His name will be changed from what his hospital records to Ronald Filbert the Fourth. Now I thank you for being so good and not like your angry daughter. I hope she finds happiness, but money is not always the answer as you know. Good bye and if you need to contact me do so through my parents.
Ron carried his son to the waiting car and on the way back home, looked him over like he was buying a new motor home. Sue bumped his arm and told him to describe the little guy to her. Ron said, “He has my eyes, but dark brown hair like his moms. Nose looks like mine as well as the mouth. His chin is his mothers kind of pointed, but hard to tell with the baby fat.” Sue asked to hold him and he passed the boy over to Sue who sucked in his smell and nuzzled him against her face. Little Ronny snuggled against her neck and closed his little eyes.
Mabel stayed at home and waited for them to return. When she saw the baby she went to heaven and back. She took him and went to the back of the house to the kitchen were she had a ton of food waiting for him. With so many rooms it was no trouble finding a handy spot and a nanny to take care of him for the time being. Attention is one thing he would not lack for or want for. 
It was just after noon and Sue lie on the bed a little tired from the stress of the morning meeting. Ron lie next to her and asked if she wanted a swim and some lunch afterwards. She said, “Lunch first.” and pounced on top of him and unbuttoning his shirt and then his pants. Like the game of monopoly she never passed go and took him flaccid in her mouth to feel it grow in her warm mouth. I guess Abby was right, she thought about his penis being long. She squeezed his balls and that was all it took for him to groan and every muscle in his body went ridged while spasm and after spasm going on for what seemed like minutes, but only seconds in reality. Sue rose up and said, “Now let’s go for a swim and have some more lunch.”
Through the afternoon and in to the night the little Ronny was the center of attention. It felt like Christmas and Ron loved the good feelings emulating from the house. Earlier he’d called the architect and all was well right on schedule. Ron kind of lost track of the days and noticed on the calendar it was November tenth and thought, where does the time go. He and Sue set the date of Sunday the weekend after Thanksgiving for a church wedding. 
For the next two weeks the house was teeming with activity preparing both for turkey day and the wedding. That gave Ron time for his photography study and practice while spending a lot of time talking with his father. In the last ten years Ron really didn’t have much contact and knew virtually nothing about his father’s business. Ron thought he was doing this because of his age. At sixty three he felt the time to pass on the business was upon him. Ron squirming thinking about his father wanting to pass on the business to him and he wanted no part of it, at least for the time being. 
The two weeks went by quickly and soon it was time for Thanksgiving. Sue and Mabel had finished with the wedding plans and the reception of the small gathering would be pool side. From Sue’s side she wanted her agent and primary photographer to come. Those were the only two from outside Ron’s parents coming. Ron’s father had a few close friends, but only four were invited who really mattered. They all didn’t want a big bash and as Sue’s handicap prevented much intimate conversation, this was best for all. 

Just before Thanksgiving they were relaxing around the pool talking about what they might do for a honeymoon, a servant brought out the portable phone to father. He listened as the table went quiet for respect and then said he would get back to the caller and hung up. A concerned look on father’s face meant some problem somewhere and Ron hoped it didn’t concern them. However father said, “Ron and Sue, apparently your aunt Bee escaped the jail by first attempting suicide, which was faked and then somehow got out of the infirmary. She was found at your house Sue with matches in hand and some old rags to start another fire. The security stopped her and now she is in a mental hospital. She went off the deep end it appears. I’m sorry to report this bad news on such a happy occasion coming up.”
Sue felt like a bolt of lightning hit here. It was her only relation left and her mother’s sister of all things. Tears ran down her eyes and Ron took her to their room making apologies. In their room, Sue bawled her eyes out. Ron said nothing but lay with her on the bed rubbing her back. Amy jumped on the bed as she felt her pain laying down next to her on the other side making a nice warm spot in the middle for Sue. After a few minutes she said, through her tears and hiccups, “What can I do honey, she is all I've left of family. Is there anything we can do to help her?”
Ron, with a comforting voice said, “I'll see what we can do and make sure she has the best counseling available. Maybe in time she will come back as you once knew her and see what and how happy you are.”
Sue replied, “Hold me tight Ron and never let me go. I’m so scared of everything that is happening. I’m happy and afraid at the same time. I feel your parents are fine people and the staff is wonderful, but I have no sense of place without sight. Don’t worry honey I’m just letting out some emotions. I’ll be fine in a little while knowing you and Amy are with me taking care of a cripple.”
Ron thought as he said, “Honey how about a boat ride in dad’s yacht. It would be like our motor home which is small and with tight quarters. You could feel your way around much easier than in this big house. Besides that I could detail the colors and shore line as we passed by. There are some isolated harbors or coves we could anchor in and swim and relax on the hot sand. Does this sound of any interest to you?”
“Yes, I’d like to experience the boat ride and make sure I have some sea sick pills please,” as she rolled over and opened her arms to invite a round of love making. Mixed with her salty cheeks he found her body a little sweaty from the hot sun around the pool. No matter it only heighten his desire to lick the salt off her face and body. Creeping down to her stomach he said a few words of love to their unborn child within and tenderly kissed her belly. By the time he’d hit the love wet spot he brought her most of the way off and then climbed on sinking his member that felt so hot and smooth he didn’t last long and fell off to the side gasping for air. Like before a short nap and a shower later they joined his parents who were entertaining some friends by the pool. 
Introductions made they sat down to listen what they were talking about. It seems like a power struggle was going on in father’s board of directors and other uninteresting things about fuel costs along with politics. Ron switched his attention to mother who was huddled up with the wives talking about the wedding and their recent grandson, who was in a large crib playing with some toys. It wasn’t long before the conversation got around to Sue and her career as a writer. Sue was listening and never changed expressions as Ron felt some black clouds of foreboding drifting in like a tropical storm. Ron noticed the two wives feinted surprise when it was revealed Sue was The Sue Lyons of national and international fame. One of the wives in a too loud voice, most do when around a blind person thinking because they can’t see they can’t hear, “Oh Sue I love your writing and wait by the mail box every month to read one of your simply delightful stories. For me I have a hard time writing a Christmas card, but where did you learn how to tell a story so well.”
Sue decided it was time to be polite and answer the question the best she could by saying, “I have no idea where my talent came from, but probably from my father who made things with his hands from the picture in his mind.” The ladies looked a little confused and wondered how to respond to her statement. 
Mabel took on the lead role saying to the ladies, “Sue father was a famous sculptor and it’s plain to see she has art in her genes.” The plain to see brought a smile to Sue’s face and when she smiled they noticed her face lit up and her beauty came out. All the guests stole looks at her beauty and when the fading sun sent its last rays her hair took on a glow of pale yellow with red highlights. Fresh from love making and shower her usual pale white cheeks had a red tint, coupled with a light shade of orange lipstick, would stop a convoy of father’s trucks dead still. 
Ron felt she was doing fine and decided to stay out of it for the moment. The next thing he saw was both ladies reached down into their oversized bags and pulled out the latest magazine with one of Sue’s stories. He almost broke out laughing but looked away and tried to catch some drift of the men’s conversation. He heard one of the ladies ask Sue for an autograph and the other one in a quiet voice ask for the same. Sue had no experience in signing autographs and asked where they wanted her name. Mabel told her across the front would be a good place. Sue with a flourish signed her name to the magazines and handed them back along with the pen as the ladies exclaimed their thanks. 
Ron told her later that the two signed magazines were worth as much money as their motor home beings how she never had signed her name in the past. Sue laughed and said, “Well if ever we need money…..”  They had little Ronny on the bed between them as he crawled over and around the both of them happy as could be. Amy was on the bed too and the little guy loved to crawl on Amy who licked the little guy letting him do what he felt like doing with her. The scene would make anyone envious of a family content with life. 

Chapter XVIII

The morning of Thanksgiving, Ron and father were sitting in his study talking about business and the future when his personal line rang. Father, a man without a lot of words, a little over average height, well built with a little paunch put on over the years with too much rich food, a full head of mostly thick silver gray hair and typical of his age, lines around the blue eyes and forehead, a long nose with thin lips said hello to the caller. He listened and then hung up without a word. Most people would think it rude, but in his case all knew that information was power along with money. No one would dare call his personal line with gibberish or then they would hear him speak back to them or find them at the unemployment office.
“Son we hit gold. The doctor in Switzerland gives a ninety percent guarantee of success, but each case is different. A mix of information, but he's willing to take your call and discuss the case. However, when he found out that Sue was pregnant, he said it couldn’t be done until the baby came to term. My lawyer said the doctor felt confident he could help her as his record proved. I think this's good news huh?”
“My God yes and if she regained her sight, wow what a break from a prison of darkness that would be. That would change the whole complexion of our lives. I must go tell her the news.”
Sue was in the kitchen talking to one of the maids who helped the cook when not busy with cleaning. Her name was Iris from the Philippines. She’d been in Florida for five years sending money home to help her poor parent farmers. For some reason Sue and her clicked and quickly became friends. Ron blurted that he wanted to talk to her and it scared the poor maid and Sue too. Ron quickly recovered and calmly told Sue to go pool side and he had some news for her. She took his arm and Iris followed with some fresh squeezed lemonade. Ron was bouncing off the walls waiting to tell her the news and said, when Iris was gone, “Sue we got word from the doctor in Switzerland that he can help you with sight. From his past results, over ninety percent regained all or most of their vision. The downside is you can’t have the treatment while pregnant.”
Sue heard but didn’t hear what he said. She picked up on regain sight and like a bird leaving the nest her mind went somewhere in space. Her ears were starting to ring and all sounds around her ceased. Ron sat quietly knowing she was in another world right now as he saw a single tear break over her lower eye lid and slowly trail down her cheek. Sue felt the tear but in her blackness of sight she long ago resolved to permanent loss of vision. Now should she regain some of that lost hope, or retreat again to a darkness only experienced by a trip to some deep caves that tourists so loved to see and scared to not see, losing their balance or equilibrium. Few knew a blind person has to learn to walk all over again if once having sight then losing it. The slightest jar from a passing person could result in losing balance without knowing which way to adjust to the bump. 
Slowly Sue came back as the roaring sound faded and feeling Amy lick her hand she came full circle with her tears stopping. She wiped the tears with the back of her hand and said, “Oh Ron do you really think I should get my hopes up?”
“Honey physically there is no risk, emotionally is the big risk. I can’t advise you as this totally your decision. If it were me, and I realize it isn’t me, I'd take the chance only to have back what was so preciously lost many years ago for you. Please realize you have many people now who love you and soon two kids to possibly see grow up in front of you. We have nine months to think about it and build our strength up belief that you will see again. Whatever your decision I can live with it be it the way you are now, or the new improved model seeing my ugly face,” he joked to ease the tension.
Sue heard every word he said and sat quietly thinking about the growing desire to see again. Nine months is a long time to think about something, but she was anxious to get back to her writing as that was where she was the most comfortable. She said, “Honey let’s go for a swim.”
They played in the pool with Ronny who loved the water. A special floating device along with a tube with a solid bottom was his boat. Ron towed him around with Sue hanging on the back. Ron’s parents stood watching through his study window so happy and proud gazing at their family on Thanksgiving. 
Even Sue with her new apatite from being pregnant couldn’t put a dent in dinner that evening. She was so full Ron joked that he could see she was pregnant. Wine was served and a toast to the upcoming wedding and of course their new grandson along with another grand child coming was announced by father. Father suggested a little walk around the plush neighbor hood might be in order and that was Sue’s first time to hear about where they lived and the surroundings. 
First when they walked out the front double door to the circle drive Ron began his description of what he saw. He told her the circle drive was paved and inside the circle stood a giant tree with long branches reaching out over the driveway on both sides. As they walked to the road he told her that two sliding gates with two security guards on duty all the time making sure the bad guys stayed out. Bordering the circle drive plants and flowers of various designs with colors of yellow, off yellow, deep reds and white lined the drive and behind them many fruit trees such as oranges and lemons stood just tall enough for the gardeners to mow the stiff Bermuda grass. As they strolled down the road, Ron didn’t mention the two body guards following them and two in front, talked about the many palm trees and green bushes intermixed with yellow and red flowers ran along the road. Lastly he told her it was very verdant green everywhere as tropical as the US can be. 
Mabel fidgeted wanting to ask Sue a question and finally built up the nerve to ask, “Sue, I’m sorry to break in, but I’ve never read any of your stories or articles on this kind of setting. I’m wondering why, but if you don’t want to say that’s ok too.”
Sue was holding onto Ron and her cane checking for any obstacles from past experience never to rely completely on someone else for sight. Sue said, “I’ve never been to a place like this before. In Seattle for example, houses like these are behind gates or large evergreen trees block the view. I suppose I could've asked my agent, but I’m happy with more of the settings that bring back old America.  That is not to say this isn’t America, but programs like The Rich and Famous, or magazines with pictures of houses out of most peoples reach, doesn’t appeal to me, or maybe my readers too. People first and setting second is what I believe is right for me.”
While his mother contemplated what Sue said, Ron looked at her for the first time realizing she was getting old looking despite the weekly trips to the hair dresser and maybe a tuck her and there had been preformed over the last few years. To him she was still beautiful. She had thick hair like his only now it was silver and the real color, only her hairdresser knew. Big blue eyes under a high brow always looked up at you due to her short stature; they were warm and friendly with always a twinkle there. A nose on the stubby side and Ron had got lucky with his between his father’s long nose and mother’s short one. Her lips were full like her son’s and a strong chin topped a slim neck like her body. Unlike Ron’s white body, she was tanned and Ron wondered how many tons of skin lotion she used to keep it from looking weathered. No doubt she was a nice looking woman and they were in love with both showing it through little jokes or feels along through the day. 
Ron returned with his dialogue giving Sue that this neighbor hood which was extremely exclusive and didn’t have many homes along the way. Sue asked how far they were from the ocean to get her bearings. Ron told her only about a half hour drive is all and in the center of the large area a country club where some professional golfers lived.
They had made a full circle of the immediate area and a few minutes later arrived back home where the conversation returned to the wedding in three days time. Not long after that, about dark they hit the pool and to Ron’s surprise mother and father joined them. Once more the little guy had a ball riding around in his tube with his soon to be step mother hanging on while grandfather pulled.  An hour later all were tired and retired for the night. 
For Ron the old street dreams never surfaced as he had a dreamless sleep waking up to Sue playing with his member making it reach for the ceiling, as she often said. Ron made quick trip to the bathroom, brushed his teeth and returned to where they left off. Neither one of them could get enough of each other; an hour later they arrived at the breakfast table starving. Ron told Sue it was a nice day as the sliding kitchen door stood open and a slight breeze off the ocean found its way inside to mix the scent of fruit trees and freshly mowed grass with bacon frying. Ron said to his mother, “What's father up to this morning?”
She said, “He's making arrangements to take the boat out and to listen to him it's quite a chore.” She laughed and said, “Must be hard to make a few phone calls and then we drive down and board while the crew does all the work.”
Now Sue’s curiosity was up and she asked, “How big a crew is needed and how big is this boat or maybe it is a ship?” Ron almost spilled his fresh ground coffee his was drinking and laughed so hard he started coughing. He waved them away and recovered and he told her it had a crew of six with a captain. It was over fifty feet long and anything that big should have a qualified man at the wheel.
He went on to say, “If I remember right there are a cook, engine man, and two stewards and a head man who follows father around,” and he laughed again. Mother chipped in and told them that were about right, but now father wanted the nanny to go along with Lisa who would pout if she did accompany Sue. Also he is making arrangements for a crew on another boat to go to a cove we know and set up an area for our staying there for a day. It’s really nice and the property next to the cove is owned by a friend of his. They have a home nearby with a view, but are rarely home as they like Europe for skiing in the winter time. Now let’s eat as I too am a little hungry after the swim last night.”
After breakfast Sue wanted to enter some thoughts on a computer. Ron had simply forgotten about her job and told her he would make a phone call to get a sightless computer system here right away. Ron hurried to the study and father told he would take care of it and meanwhile did he and Sue want to take a ride to the boat and have lunch at the club. Ron told him he would ask Sue and be right back. Sue, when he found her playing with Ronny said, “Sure I would love to go and you can give me something to think about when we leave after the reception.” Ron felt like a yo-yo and hurried back to the study. 
The computer ordered, all left including mother to the yacht club. Because of his position as president he had the best berth close to shore. Walking down to the dock Sue took a deep breath and said, “I like the smell of the ocean and the sounds of birds mixed with the slapping of water against something. Also I hear a creaking sound. Is that from the boats rubbing the tie up place?”
Ron told her she was exactly right and then he said, “Hold on tight as the going is not easy. Earlier he told her to wear her Nikes and now she understood why. Approaching the gangway, a twenty foot climb, but not so steep with handrails for support, Ron told her to follow him with one hand on the rail and the other holding on to his shirt or pants. Once on board she felt a slight rocking as some large yachts cruised by leaving a wake felt and heard by Sue as the creaking got louder and the rocking a little more pronounced. Father went to see the captain and Ron took Sue aft to lean on the side rail while he pointed out some things around the area. He said, “I’d guess a hundred or more yachts are docked here and I see maybe five slowly heading out to sea. It’s a sunny day as you can feel, but many high billowy clouds are floating slowly by. This is the off season for hurricanes and we are mostly safe from any bad weather. Besides we are just going to cruise the coast line on this trip. However, this boat can sail the open sea without any problems. It’s fully equipped with navigation and radio, radar and all things required to sail anywhere in the world.”
“Ron is this boat like the one you pointed out in Seattle.”
“Yes, but only much bigger and I know my comments then are the same now. My father has a foundation that gives millions to the needy and because of that I can justify this opulence in my mind.”
“You know honey,” with the wind blowing her lovely hair making the colors change as the sun sent its long rays through it giving off highlights of yellow and gold, I think your parents aren't like most of the really rich as they seem to care for other people, unlike what we hear of crotchety old people with money looking down on the lesser of us. I hear your mother working in the kitchen and cooking on the stove, I think?”
“Yes she does,” looking now at her smooth facial skin that was inviting his lips, “I remember when I was a little guy she was our only cook and my father I rarely saw he worked so much. How father made his money was he had an opportunity to buy out a large trucking company so he mortgaged our house and borrowed what he could and signed his life away. The rest is history as we say. He took a risk and saw it through to the end so to speak. He still runs the company, but really others do most of it. He doesn’t do the day to day stuff, but he knows what is going on. I know he wants me to take over the company as that was my education at Harvard, but at the time of graduation, I wanted to make my own mark. Well, I failed in that life and now have a new life and where it leads, who knows, but as long as it's with you I could care less about anything else. Some years ago my father set up a trust for me with no stipulations or demands.  I have no idea how much is in there but I would guess millions. Why didn’t I take some, you might ask, well I didn’t earn it and for some reason now, with you and our baby coming it feels all right to me to use what we need.” At that he stared out to sea watching a large yacht plowing its way to shore and mostly likely to have lunch at the club. 
Sue was quiet thinking about what he said and just held tight to his arm. For Ron pressure was mounting and he didn’t much like it. He knew his father wanted them living close to them and he couldn’t blame him at all. Grandchildren to spoil and family gatherings, who wouldn’t want that life; but now his belly was churning from mounting stress. What would they do after Christmas? Go home to Seattle with the baby and leave them alone. Continue the motor home trip? That didn’t seem feasible with a one year old or having a nanny along. I must come up with something, he thought as Sue jabbed him in the arm saying, “What are you thinking about my husband to be?”
“What to do after Christmas my love. We go home to Seattle, or stay here and what about your writing and on and on.”
“Honey slows down. We need not panic. I like it here and it is so nice and warm. Maybe we split the year up or something like that. Your parent’s house is so big we don’t lack for privacy. If it is all right with you, I’d like to take a stab at writing what your mother talked about on our walk the other night.” Ron smiled and the pressure and stress eased a bit. Father came up telling them it was time for lunch. Ron’s mother had been in the club the whole time gabbing with her friends. However, this time no one bothered them while they had lunch. 
Back home the computer guys were just finishing up and gave Sue a run down on the latest in sightless computers. Father had told them that she was a writer and used mostly word processing. For her convenience her mouse, click left set up new document; click right voice telling her what to do next. Headphones were to search the internet and then once a site located, double click and right click for contents with voice. The technicians were very helpful and told them new user friendly stuff was coming out everyday. Call them if help is needed and they packed up and left. 
Sue was very happy sitting down and becoming familiar with her new computer. She didn’t come out until dinner time when Lisa knocked on the door telling her dinner was ready. 
Sue had lost herself in the writing and almost forgot it was only two days till they were married. Really there was nothing much for her to do as Mabel took care of everything. Saturday the staff was busy setting up tables outside and all of the cooking was done in house. No caterers, but a bartender was hired to mix drinks. Lisa would be her maid of honor and father was Ron’s best man. Saturday night all of the family sat around outside enjoying a warm evening with an almost full moon struggling to shine through the lights of the city. Only a few stars could be seen, but Ron’s star sat by him looking ravishing in a new summer dress. Shadows and light danced across her skin from the pool lights making him weak at the knees. That night he went head to foot with his bride who tomorrow would be his wife and mother of their baby in about eight months. 
They slept bound like prisoners for the night and tomorrow bound forever as man and wife. 



Chapter XIX



“Talk about gorgeous,” Father said to Mabel. “Makes we wish I was thirty years younger,” he joked to his wife who punched him in the stomach. 
“Let me show you our wedding picture and I’ll show you gorgeous,” she said with a stern voice half serious and half joking. Ron had been dressed for quite awhile and he and father sat at the poolside talking about the boat ride coming. At around noon, with the scheduled wedding at one pm just after church, Sue came out dressed ready to go with Lisa trailing along holding the train from dragging on the lawn. 
Sue choice of colors of course was white; refrigerator white or as pure a white as possible just slightly whiter than her skin. The only contrast was her honey colored hair and make up. A professional make up person had done her face and a hairdresser tended the long blonde hair. Just a touch of a fawn color to the cheeks with a hint of burnt orange with lipstick to match set off the former Sue Lyons and the soon to be Sue Lyons Filbert. 
When Ron saw her his mouth dropped open and his father noticed and told him the fly in the mouth cliché. The hired photographer, who Ron earlier had been talking to, had a professional camera snapping a roll of pictures every three minutes. The photographer told Ron later he had never photographed a more beautiful woman in his life. Ron just beamed and stuck out his chest thanking the guy, but tipping him a hundred on the spot. Sue had perfect white teeth smile from start to finish. She’d woken with a little morning sickness, but fought it off. She said nothing to anyone and a little fear of the boat ride might make it worse. At noon they rode to the church in mostly silence. Lisa rode with them to make sure her bridal gown didn’t get soiled. Amy sat near Ron and she was the only one not nervous thinking she was just going for another ride. 
At the church, the congregation was just leaving, but stopped when the long limo pulled up to the front of the church. Waiting outside were the small group of invited guests all dressed to the nines. Sue hadn’t the time to visit yet with her agent or photographer, but told Ron, after they were introduced, to tell them they would have lots of time at the reception to visit. While the guests entered the church Sue and Ron waited for the minister to motion them in. Ron went first and Sue waited for the music to start and a little uncharacteristic, Ron father walked her down the aisle. After entering the church the congregation slipped in to see who the beautiful couple were and to join the ceremony. Nobody cared and it made the church more warm and cozy with the added guests. 
For Sue all she remembered was repeating the vows and saying I do. Naturally she remembered the seal the deal kiss and back home they went like nothing had really changed, but in Sue’s mind she was now married in a church and hoped her mother could see from high above. She flashed on aunt Bee and said a prayer for her. In the car, Ron asked, “Honey you all right. You've alligator tears flowing down your cheeks making your makeup run.” 
“I have never been married before and this is a strange feeling. Maybe right now I would like to see each and everyone here and I guess I’m just feeling a little sorry my parents aren’t here to witness their daughter getting married.”
“Honey if there's a God He will make sure the news gets to them. We have no control over the hereafter, but we have control over our future. My plan is to throw you in the pool,” he joked to break the tension. It must have worked as father cracked up and fell into a fit of coughing. Amy gave off a little yelp and snuggled up to her master. Sue stopped crying and held out her hand looking at the double ring. She couldn’t see it but felt it. 
Back at the house, Sue changed into casual wear after the pictures with the wedding cake. Sue took her agent, Kimberly Nugent to her bedroom to talk while she changed. Ron took the opportunity to seek out the photographer and spent a long time picking his brain. Both Kimberly and Mickey Glazer were from New York City where the majority of agents and publishers were located. 
Sue was asking what Kimberly thought of a story about this area where her in laws lived. Kimberly said, “Sue you could write about cows in a zoo and readers would eat it up with a spoon.”
Sue laughed and said, “Well tell me what color this dress is and if it looks okay for a reception.” Kimberly told her like the cows she could wear anything because she was so lovely it really didn’t matter. Finally Sue chose a bright yellow sun dress and put on her pearls to go with it. Her make up lady came in and redid her make up for more pictures coming. 
When she came out the patio poolside she was greeted by a round of applause that totally embarrassed her. She was on the arm of Kimberly and Ron hurried to her side for support. She took his arm and he led her to a table under a large umbrella. Sitting down not knowing who was near her, she visibly relaxed. Ron brought her a glass of champagne and offered a toast to the most beautiful woman in Florida. A round of here – here, and glasses breaking against the outdoor BBQ pit scared Sue to death. Ron quickly told her not to worry and the persistent photographer asked for more pictures with the whole family against the house. It was a perfect setting as a bed of flowers stretch around the entire house with a rainbow of colors. 
While the pictures were being taken Ron who was so happy failed to realize he had been drinking champagne and lost track how many. He was feeling a little high and warning bells were ringing in his head. A struggle occurred and he decided a swim in the pool would sober him up. Nobody noticed he was slightly tipsy, but his mother had been keeping an eye on him. She took him by the arm and had a little talk with him. Gently she said, “Ron are aware you are a slightly slurring your words?”
“Yes, mother I am. In the excitement of the doings I got a little carried away. Now I’m going for a swim and sober up and drink only coffee as that is my drink of choice anyway. I don’t like this feeling and thanks for your concern,” and with that, tux on he ran for the pool making a big splash thrilling the onlookers. Sue asked someone what happened and then cracked up when she heard her husband clothes and all went into the pool. 
Hitting the water Ron felt the water reach his insides and a few fast laps around the pool climbed out sober as a judge. He took a bow and left for a shower and a change of clothes. Two fresh brewed cups of coffee and Ron was a new man. He swore then that was the last time her would take a drink. Years later no one remembered he was an alcoholic and the past was forgotten.
Ron wanted to visit with Kimberly and learn more about the publishing business much to Sue’s delight as they sat around a table snacking. Ron asked Kimberly “Is my wife really that good of writer?” Sue was a little shocked he would ask that question, but let it go as she heard him continue, “Sorry honey, I know that sounded rather crass, but I like what I hear about this business and want to learn more. I want to know why readers like your writing. What I’m saying is I would like to be part of it so we can share what you do so well. I’ll be honest here as my father is expecting me to take over his business someday and I've a few years to concentrate on something else; like learning photography. If my dear, you are that good and people are standing in line for your articles and stories, then maybe we should publish a magazine of our own. Of course I don’t have any experience and Kimberly here probably has some ideas and we could put together a new fresh look on the book stands. Maybe a visit to Oprah would give it a good send off.”
Kimberly jumped in with excitement saying, “Sue is so popular I get requests all the time for public appearances, but in the past Sue has always turned them down. I understand her reasons and it’s up to her to decide when and if she wants to become a celebrity.” Sue was listening carefully and totally confused. Here her husband was talking about publishing and her maybe making the rounds of talk shows? I’m having a baby soon and he wants me to go to Europe and have an eye operations after its born, this is a bit much for me and she told them to put it all aside for the time being as she had too much on her mind. That pretty much ended the discussion and talk turned to the upcoming dinner which smelled good coming from the BBQ. By the time dinner was over and the guests left saying their best wishes, packed and ready to go boating they left for the harbor. 
It was a fine evening, warm and only a slight breath of wind. Sue could feel the warm wind on her cheeks and sleeveless arms. So different than Seattle, she thought. Sue remembered the long cold rainy days of the Pacific North West and could see why Florida was a place for people to retire to amid the semi-tropical weather. I could live her in the winter time, she thought while climbing the gangway. Amy followed making whining sounds not liking where and what she was doing. She could feel the boat gently rocking and gang way moving. Sue with Lisa went directly to their cabin where she stripped down and went to sleep with Amy on the floor next to the small double bed.
Ron stayed up on deck with his parents talking until they had cleared the harbor and sailed north to the cove where they would anchor for the night. He told them Sue liked Florida and wanted to spend the winter here delighting his parents to no end. However come late spring they would go back and see what the house looked like and then make a plan for there. All went to bed happy and feeling good. 
Sue woke up with a breeze blowing through the port holes. Salt air and her husband lying next to her insured her of a confident day coming. The boat was easy to navigate and the trip ashore she was told would be a small area intimate and private. Swimming in the ocean appealed to her very much and she looked forward to the day. But first she thought she would wake her husband up with a surprise attack on his member, as she moved down ridding the covers along the way. 
A hot shower later they sat on the stern deck having a light breakfast. The sun was just coming up and its red glow sent rays of light through Sue’s blonde hair turning it golden yellow. Her dress was shorts and a sleeveless blouse. Matching colors of her favorite yellow, with the shorts a bright yellow and a blouse a pale off yellow; her ring sent sharp white light through the large diamond. Around her neck her pearls nestled against her white skin offering the person looking like they were part of her smooth skin. 
Ron sat looking at her and she felt his gaze then asked, “What are you looking at my husband?”
“You my dear, with the sun shinning through your hair and back lighting you make me both want to take a picture and have you for breakfast.” Mabel scolded him and told Ron to behave. Ron then described the setting telling her, “Sue the ocean color is an aqua marine, white sand running up to the land where a dark mixed with light green tropical plants and trees gave off late afternoon shade. Right now a few tents are on the shore where we will sit and relax. He went on to tell her the boat was anchored in the cove and low rollers came ashore, making it nice to sit on the shore letting the low waves wash over you. 
For Sue in her world of darkness, a picture formed making it come to life. After breakfast they went ashore. Before it got too warm they played with Ronny in the shallow surf. All wore sun block especially the baby and Sue. Somewhere Sue bought a two piece suit that when he stared at her a growing where he didn’t want anyone to see nagged at him most of the morning. The little guy loved the water, but salt got in his eyes making him cry. Sue wondered why he was crying and that sent a message to her that being sightless had its disadvantages. Now a baby coming and how could she be a proper mother not having sight. A gloom rose over the top of her and by now Ron was sensitive to her thoughts. It was one thing to take care of your self, but another to give birth to a child whereby feeding, clothing, washing and all things relative to raising a child must be done and couldn’t be ignored. Lately more and more she thought about the operation that might help her regain her sight. She heard more splashing and the waves where she sat raise her off the sand a little she grabbed a handful of sand thinking how many thousands of years it moved around at the whims of nature. Unlike people with sight who were grains of sand on a beach, blind people were one of nature’s anomalies. She shook her head a little casting back her long hair and said, “Ron I want to have the operation when the doctor says it is ok after the baby is born.”
“Honey that is the best news I’ve heard since we discovered you were pregnant. I will make the arrangements and try to learn more of what we can expect to happen.”
“Lisa,” who was with her always nowadays, “I want to lie in the shade and take a rest. Ron honey, I have some things to think about and will take a little nap as morning sickness is making me feel a little tired.” Lisa helped her up and from a large barrel of fresh water poured a bucket or two over Sue to remove the salt water and sand. Then she lay down on a blanket under a large tent that was open on all sides but the top gave off plenty of shade. Her first thoughts went to aunt Bee and with the recent news of her being in a mental institution receiving the best help possible. Sue wouldn’t let guilt overcome her emotions for her aunt. She made her bed and Sue forgave her. Someday she would visit her and maybe with God’s help, two eyes of sight might shock her aunt enough to bring her back. The last thing she thought of was her husband and their coming family as she drifted off for a nap.
Ron and his parents sat around a table talking about the idea of taking a ride down to Jamaica or somewhere like that. Ron appreciated the idea, but didn’t think Sue would like the long haul and with not being able to see would be a problem. Best stay at home and let her write. Meanwhile he told them he was going to enroll in a photography class at a community college or something like that. “I really like taking pictures and it's enlightening seeing what you saw and not seeing at first what you thought was there.” 
Father said, “You know my life is the business I’ve been associated in all my life. At our foundation, we give millions away each year. I’m not asking you to run the foundation, but asking you to oversee where and how much goes out. What I’m saying is I feel something is not right and maybe we are being embezzled somehow. Yes, I know what you're going to say and that is why not call in an independent audit firm. Well, naturally that is the logical choice, but somehow they or he/she is cleverer than that. Someone really knows how to cook the books. Last time I was there I smelled something was wrong and you know when I smell something wrong I’m usually right.”
Ron sat thinking with a big frown, his mother noticed. A few seconds went by and he asked, “Who runs the foundation?”
“It’s run by a woman by the name of Alice Wiggins. She has been there since the beginning.”
“What can you tell me about her?” Ron’s father told one of his workers to bring him his attaché case. Ron wondered why the hell he would have his bag while relaxing on the beach. Doesn’t he ever take a rest from business, Ron thought.
Father found the file he was looking for and handed it to Ron. Five minutes later, after he scanned the file, he went back over more carefully. A picture of her paper clipped to the file, showed him a middle aged nice looking woman. Short dark hair and eyes that looked intelligent. He noticed she wasn’t married and her salary was a hundred thousand a year. A little low Ron thought. He went back to face and noticed she looked much younger than her age. Face make over was his guess. The address wasn’t familiar to him and that was his first question to his father, “Where does this address fit to her salary?”
Father fired right back to him. “There's nothing out of the ordinary there as she lives in a modest three bedroom house in a middle class neighbor hood. Never married, but has lover of the same sex. They have lived there for six years together and her roommate was married before and has two young girls about eighteen and twenty. Both are college students. That’s about all I know.”
Ron said, “Certainly sounds nothing is out of the ordinary, but let me think of a plan to check it out. By the way have you run a check on her bank accounts and so forth?”
“Yes, nothing came up that wasn’t usual. Maybe we are barking up the wrong tree and maybe the accountant is or might be our prime suspect,” as he dug another file out of his well stocked bag. Handing the file to Ron, drinks were served of fresh lemonade with shaved ice. Fruit chilled and small finger size sandwiches sat around the platter. Ron excused him and went to wake up his bride.
Sleepy and when Lisa dumped another bucket of water over her head, she yelped and toweled off. Lisa led her to the table where Mabel told Sue what was on the table for snacks. Sue told her she would have one of everything as she was starved. Mabel said, “No doubt you are with child, Sue and nothing on the tray will hurt anything and when you have finished off the first plate, do it again,” as she joked and everyone except Ron laughed with her. Ron was deep in thought as he read the file on one Jack Chambers, CPA. Sue asked about little Ronny and Lisa told her he was taking nap. Sue didn’t have on her watch so asked what time it was. Mabel told her it was only ten thirty and she too was thinking about a nap.
Ron looked up and said to his father, “This guy might be the root cause of funds disappearing. He looks like he lives beyond his salary and I think I recognized the address as next to the country club which if I’m not mistaken, is very exclusive.”
“I ran a check on him too and found out his wife is from some eastern money, but upon checking deeper, that money ran out a long time ago. Jack still touts her as being a rich woman whom he married for money. Maybe there is something a little rotten in Denmark, to use an old cliché.” 
“Accounting is out of my league father, but I know a guy in New York that is tops in that area.” Face turning a little red, he said, “We used to down a few together on more than a few occasions.” 
“Call him son and let’s see what he can do for us. Forgive me Sue, but after witnessing first hand your handicap, I feel we must make sure our foundation’s money is well spent keeping the overhead at a minimum.” Sue asked what was being said and Ron filled her in while he picked over the left fruit and finger sandwiches. 
Sue said, “You know maybe it's a point in time for me to come out into the open a little bit and visit for example, a blind school telling the students they all have what it takes to make their mark in a sightless existence.” Ron was delighted and told her so and everyone around the table clapped their agreement. 
For the rest of the afternoon, Ron and Sue snorkeled around the cove and when he took a breath he told her what he saw. Not much coral left as pollution and hurricanes laid waste to much of it, but a few tropical fish startling in color made a nice picture for Sue. 
Dinner that night was fresh fish cooked on a BBQ with all the trimmings. Someone had gathered up some drift wood and a small fire was much enjoyed. Father entertained all of them including the staff with stories of long ago in the trucking industry. Sue sat with both ears open as she noted the picture he presented. He was a good story teller and his smooth voice was tender on her ears; like her husbands voice. Mabel kicked in a story or two about when first married he came home with a black eye or two from fights on the dock whether a long shore man was going to drive his truck or not. Nowadays of course, lines are drawn in the sand and each knows where they stand when it comes to unions and independents. 
By ten pm with the stars out in force overlooking the beach like a million billion eyes, they took the shore boat back the yacht and a very tired group went to sleep.

Chapter XX



For the next few days they sailed up the coast of Florida and when they found a deserted cove anchored for the day. It was peaceful and tranquil these days relaxing on the seashore and sailing slowly along with the boat gently rocking up and down. Every morning Sue had a touch of morning sickness, but by midmorning she was back in good spirits. Days were long and family bonding took the place of Sue’s estrangement with her aunt. Slowly it was being replaced with new life inside her and with Ronny she discovered feelings unknown in the past. Ron told her that on Friday, tomorrow they would sail back to port and begin work: she to writing and he to photography with the foundation to look into. 
After arriving in port, Sue felt the happiness of being on solid ground again. Boating was nice, but she preferred the stable surface of old Mother Earth. That night in bed they made soft and tender love enjoying the big bed and the closeness of the shower. Of course the pool was always beckoning its call and they continued to make good use of it. One night late, they stole out quietly and made love in the pool. They thought no one was watching or listening, but Lisa had heard them in the pool and snuck out to watch. She so envied them and found her heart racing a bit and her panties starting to get wet. The next thing she knew she had her hand down there and slowly rubbed the hard little nubbin for the first time in her life. When she saw Sue give off a muffled groan and Ron too, she fell to her knees with small spasms of an orgasm. Totally embarrassed she hurried back to her room next door to theirs and lay down with a big grin on her face. I want to have a man, she thought. But where do I find one here as all the staff here is either married or not attractive. At that, when she heard them back in their room, all fell asleep.
Monday saw Ron leave for the foundation and college to register for class in January and Sue to the computer room for her work. Sue had her headphones on and along about eleven Mabel stuck her head in to see what she was doing. Sue felt someone in the room and turned and said, “Is someone there?”
“It’s only me my dear. I thought you might want some tea or something; or take a little break and have a snack with tea.”
Sue thought that might be a good idea and told her she would be to the kitchen in a few minutes after she found a stopping place. Rather than the kitchen Lisa took her to the pool side and sat her down at a table where tea and fresh cookies sat with an irresistible aroma. Mabel poured some tea for each of them and said, “Sue now that you’re married, you have a great responsibility to your husband.” She let that hang in the air as Sue sat still with a cookie in her hand. 
She continued when no reply was forth coming saying, “It’s been my experience that I had to cut back on my life to make sure I pleased my husband so he didn’t go wandering off looking for something lacking in the marriage. Ron as you know is a very active man and demands a lot of attention. I just thought we should have a little woman to woman talk as your mother is no longer available to guide you. I’m always here to help or advise you Sue. You are part of the family now and let’s keep it a happy one.”
Sue sat shocked, but didn’t show it. She’d learned a long time ago to maintain a stoic face and let the other person to do the talking. Her father told her this a long time ago and she found most people would continue if not interrupted. What she is trying to tell me, she thought. She could hear her slurp her tea and take a bite of cookie, but couldn’t see her eyes: the tell tale of what a person is conveying. Maybe she is saying for me to cut back on my career and help Ron? That makes no sense and why is she sticking her nose in our business? At last Sue commented, “I’m sure Mabel you do what is necessary to maintain a marriage with your husband, but Ron isn't like his father in many ways that I can tell. What are you really saying here Mabel,” she said with a gentle voice trying not to offend an elder.
“Sue, wives must please their husbands. I’m suggesting you cut back or quit altogether your writing until the baby is born and make sure your husband is happy with you supporting him in all things he does.”
Sue was clearly upset and said nothing while setting the cookie down and her cup of tea half drank, on the table. She told Mabel to excuse her as a need for the bathroom was upon her. Lisa came running over and led her to the bathroom where Sue immediately broke down crying. Moving to the bed she lay down and cried herself to sleep. Lisa woke her for lunch and she told her she wasn’t hungry and to leave her alone.
Ron came home about two and found his wife sleeping on the bed. He lay down beside her and woke her with kisses. Sue woke and hugged him hard and told him how much she missed him. This was the longest they’d been apart since their first meeting in the park. He asked how her day was going and she told him a white lie about needing a rest and now she felt fine with him home. 
Ron felt something was not right and in a round about way asked her what she’d been doing and she told him about writing in the morning then having a snack with his mother. Not a mention about the coming crisis with a mother in law that sent her back remembering the advice of his mother. Ron told her about meeting the people at the foundation and from all outward appearances it looked functional and professional. 
Sue said, “Ron I know this sounds a little crazy, but I would like to finish our motor home trip when you can set yourself free of family and what you are doing with your father.”
“I like that idea honey, but what about little Ronny and Christmas coming?”
“I was thinking we could take Lisa and little Ronny with us when we go. If our motor home is too small, than we buy a bigger one,” she said with an anxious voice.
“Okay honey, let me get the foundation on track with my friend from New York and we will continue our adventure. I can learn taking pictures while we travel. Christmas never meant much to me anyway. But for now, let me tell mom and dad in a few days about our plans. Dad is anxious to see if someone is stealing from the foundation and I promised to help.”
Sue climbed on top and kissed him with wet slobber kisses and he responded with in kind. Sweaty from a round of love making they headed for the pool for a swim. Sue felt better now and maybe this morning with Mabel was just a dream. However, the next day proved otherwise.
The next day Ron had to meet his friend from New York at the airport in the early morning leaving Sue alone in the house with Mabel. Sue went to her computer and sat down ready to work when the door opened again with Mabel striding to her side. She said, “I see you are back to work again. Last night I thought Ron was a little put out as you paid him no attention after dinner. You know he is a sensitive man and needs his wife by his side at all times. If you can’t see it, oh excuse me, I forgot, please forgive me, but anyway, Ron has always had a roving eye especially for blondes. This is just friendly advice and don’t take it too hard. I know my family very well and thought it right of me to give you some of my special ways of taking care of a husband,” and with that she left Sue staring at the blank screen with more tears flowing down her cheeks.
Unknown to either Sue or Mabel, Iris was hiding in a closet because yesterday she wondered why Sue came back from the pool crying and now she knew why. Mabel wanted Sue to quite writing and be a house wife to her children and let Ron do the work. This was not fair and then she realized there was nothing she could do to help her new friend. Iris watched Sue leave for her bedroom and quietly followed her making sure Mabel didn’t see her. Iris found Sue face down on the bed sobbing her eyes out. Iris sat on the bed and rubbed her back telling Sue it was Iris and don’t worry I’m here for you. Iris said, “Let me run a warm bath for you and relax for awhile until your husband comes home.”
Sue said, “Thanks Iris. I would like that. Iris jumped up and started a bubble bath and laid out a giant towel for her. A few minutes later Sue had undressed and walked in naked stepping carefully into the tub while holding onto Iris. Iris had never seen such a white body naked before. Even though she knew Sue couldn’t see, she averted her eyes anyway. However, not before she had a look at her white skin with breasts pink unlike her dark brown almost purple nipples. And when she noticed the pubic area as blonde a slight gasp escaped her lips, but she cut it off quickly as Sue sat down in the hot bubbly water. 
Iris told her to lean forward and she would wash her back and Sue did as she beckoned. Iris took a wash clothe and with lavender soap with a perfume of flowers, washed her friend's back. Sue was telling her how nice it was and Iris had a feeling of pleasure and also making her forget the witch Mabel who when the servants were out of ear reach of the other members other than staff, would scold them no end for nothing. Now Iris moved down to the side of the tub and told her to put a leg up on the side and she would continue the washing. No more had she begun washing the leg when the door opened and Mabel stood there looking. Not two seconds went by and she gasped and said, “I knew it. You’re a lesbian and married my Ron under false pretenses. And to top it all off, you’re in my house making a love nest with one of our servants. Now I’ll tell you what young lady, we will have no more of this I tell you. Over my dead body you will leave here when my son comes home and you will take this whore with you,” as she slammed the door leaving two girls with their mouths hanging open not believing what they heard. 
Iris started crying and Sue wanted to, but held on to a brave face for the sake of her new friend and said, “Now don’t worry Iris, we will pack our things and take the first flight out of this place. Now I’ll take a shower while you pack your things and then I’ll only take what I need till we get to Seattle.”
Mabel was only too happy to provide a car for them to the airport. An hour later they sat at the airport waiting for their flight to Seattle. While sitting she barely remembered saying good bye to Ronny and taking her disks with her. No note left and now they both felt like crying, but kept up a false pretense. Amy sat as usual near her and Sue didn’t have any trouble getting her on board. 
The flight was long and sad. She stilled love Ron, but was confused why mother acted the way she did. It was clear to her the mother was driving her away. She had her grandson and heir to the fortune so who needed Sue Lyons. She would keep the name for the time being and made a plan for her and Iris for the future. When the plane landed at SeaTac they checked into a nearby hotel. They were exhausted and went to sleep on a king size bed together with Amy lying on the floor next to her master as if it was just another day. 
While his wife was somewhere over the mid-west, Ron came home happy and anxious to see his wife. He quickly noticed his mother out by the pool as he first checked the computer room. Seeing it empty he went to their bedroom and found it likewise. Where is she, he thought. Maybe she was in the pool as he now walked more quickly to the pool. He was glancing around didn’t see Sue so he asked his mother, “Where is Sue mom?”
Mother with downcast eyes said, “She left for Seattle with her lover Iris. I found them in the tub making love to each other. I told them to leave and they left for the airport about four hours ago.” A truck hitting him crossing a street would not have hurt so much as hearing his wife left without talking to him and the news she was having a love affair with Iris was so absurd it was laughable. Once he regained his senses, he said, trying to be calm, “You can’t be serious mother, she was a virgin when I met her and if I told you how much she likes sex, would burn your evil ears.” Now he was getting hot and continued saying, “What have you done. I want to hear the truth and either comes clean or I will walk out of here and you will never see me or Ronny again in your life,” he shouted. The gardeners and staff were all listening now. 
“Ron honey we don’t need her. We have little Ronny and we have a family now without a blind woman to take care of. Forget her and do the work at the foundation. You find another woman who is not handicapped and how would you feel if she made a fool of you in front of all your friends by sticking her pretty nose in the air when I tried to introduce her to them. I felt like a total fool and now they laugh at me behind my back.”
About that time father came walking out and said, “What's all the shouting about I heard it from the front of the drive way?”
Ron now was thinking hard what to do and said, “Ask mother here. She just ran off my wife and Iris saying they were having an affair.”
“What,” he asked. “Wait minute here. Start at the beginning and let’s be calm about it.” He sat down and poured a drink of cool juice. Then he said to his wife, “What have you done Mabel. I knew you were bitter about having Sue make you look bad in front of those old Betties, but to accuse her of having an affair with the help is hard to believe.”
Mabel with a look of importance and a voice the same said, “Yes, dear, I found them in the bathtub with Iris washing her leg near her private parts. I scolded them and said I would have none of this under my roof and the next thing I knew they packed their bags and left for the airport,” as she sat back smugly looking around at nothing. 
“Jesus Mabel I think you’ve gone off the deep end. I just can’t b”…….. As he saw Ron up and walk to the house, “Hey son where are you going?”
Ron never turned around and said, “To find my wife and then we will be back for my son.” Father got up and hurried after him. He found Ron in his bedroom throwing a few things in a bag. 
“Ron I’m sorry and should've watched closer over your mother. Let’s do this together and we will find her and explain your mother didn’t mean what she said.”
“Father, she did mean it and I should've saw the signs a day or two ago. This was not the first day as when I came home yesterday I knew something was going on around here. Dad I’m leaving to find her and that’s the best way. We should never have come here and now I have no idea how to find her as the house is still not finished. I don’t blame you dad. I'll call and let you know the results. I need a ride to the airport if you will. Say goodbye to mother because I can’t face her now. There was no excuse for this and I’ll have a hard time forgiving her,” as he followed his father to the front door and a ride to the airport.
His father said, “Stay in touch son. We love you and I’ll see to it your mother seeks some professional help. Meanwhile find that lovely girl. I for one have fallen for her and she's a lovely woman whom you could be proud of to call her your wife.”
By the time Ron arrived in Seattle it was mid-morning. He couldn’t get a flight out of Florida until after midnight. His plan was to check the nearby hotels for Sue and by the time he called the hotels across the street from the airport, he found she had checked out just a few hours ago. Damn he thought, now what. Where would she go now? Her house is where she would go first and then maybe somewhere nearby the park. Ron rented a car and headed north driving too fast and then stuck in rush hour traffic made his blood boil. 
Finally pulling up to the home where it all began, he felt a love gone past. Suddenly he was back on the streets. It was a past now all too real for him. Maybe he should just forget it and let her live her life. She’d told him once that having a baby without a man would be fine with her. He got out and the security man told him she’d been here and left in a taxi not thirty minutes ago. The contractor told Ron he gave her a run down and time frame when she could move back in. After that she left with an Asian woman not saying where she was going. Ron asked if he remembered the name on the taxi and he told him no, he didn’t see the name. Ron checked with the security man and he shook his head knowing that was what he was paid to do: be observant.
Now Ron sat in his rental and thought about what he should do next. Looking for her now would be like finding the proverbial needle. What he did know was he was tired to the bone and decided a rest with a clear head when he woke up would be the smart thing to do. He drove back downtown and checked into the Hilton where they stayed before. He was welcomed with open arms, with the staff asking where his lovely new wife was. He didn’t want the same suite so took another not wanting the old memories back reminding him of the nights of love in their old room. 
Riding the elevator up to his room all he wanted now was a shower and some sleep. But first he looked in the yellow pages and found a private detective service and called them. After making arrangements for services rendered and all the information he knew, taxi, blind woman, description, Iris and Amy his confidence grew that they shouldn’t be hard to find. After a hot shower he crawled into bed and fell asleep, but not before he felt a tear run down his face. He never really knew how much he loved her until losing her.

Chapter XXI



The phone rang at about noon and one groggy Ron Filbert answered it wanting to know who was calling. It was the PI on the case telling him what they were going to do and that her name was Candice Allen special agent on the case. Ron thanked her for calling and told her to put as many agents on the case as needed then hung up hungry.
Even when he was on the streets he never felt this tired and depressed. His whole body ached and felt his life slip down the road way ahead of his mind. She would use her credit card and would the agency know how to trace it? He picked up the phone and ordered some lunch he didn’t want, but needed. Another hot shower and he was good to go. He thought, who does she know or might contact. No one he decided. He answered the tap on the door letting in the familiar person who not so long ago brought them after sex food much to their delight. But now he sat at the smaller round table and stared at the food. 
Meanwhile, Sue with Iris help located a small house for rent completely furnished in West Seattle. It was a perfect location next to a Safeway and other convenient shops. By that night they were tucked in with the help of a nice real estate lady. They ordered Chinese take out and settled in with Amy for the night. Sue had her laptop and after dinner did some work until tiredness over took them both. Sue by now had turned the corner thinking about what happened in Florida and she wasn’t sure she wanted to see Ron again. Hurt was hurt and never again would she be talked to or treated that way. For all intense and purpose, she went back into her dark world knowing she had Iris now to look after her. It was time to regain her past life and with the baby coming and the house almost finished, the New Year looked and held promise for all four of them. She knew Ron would be looking for her, but never mind; he was tied to his mother’s ways and came from a life very different than hers. Inside she was feeling sorry for his mother and just before she fell asleep, hoped Ron would find his way in life again. 
A week passed and no word about where his Sue was. He felt she was in Seattle and close to her home. All day and into the night he called real estate people, hotels, motels and on and on with no results of a blind woman with a dog and Asian companion matching his inquiry. His resolve was to wait until the house was finished and wait on the street if necessary for her arrival. He believed love was hard to stop and he counted on his love for her to regain its previous level. He went back to the phone and called again and again.
Two weeks and now it was Christmas day. Ron was in his hotel room depressed and lonely with Sue across town enjoying the smells of Christmas with a real tree and Iris cooking in the kitchen. They’d been shopping and a few presents made a circle under the tree while songs of Christmas played on the radio. It was a cozy house, old but warm and comfortable. New carpet and fresh paint hid the smells of old mould and decay. Iris and Sue slept together, but on their own sides of the bed. Sue with her work was bidding her time until moving back to home. She’d left her cell number with the architect and told him under no circumstances give it out. Sue was sitting in an old rocking chair when her cell went off. The architect told her the house was finished and she could move in anytime. Sue told him to meet her at the house tomorrow morning and get her keys. She asked him if the interior designer was finished and he told her that even down to the sheets and towels along with all the latest in kitchen ware was a turn key deal. She laughed and thanked him so much. Sue told Iris they would move out tomorrow and go home. Sue was so happy and felt a pang Ron was not here to see the finished product. 
Ron had spent the last two days sitting at the house. Like a music scale running up and down his emotions ran the same course. It was like her running to him with open arms to not talking to him at all. What would he say to her that would mollify the past vulgar actions of his mother? Hindsight was twenty - twenty and life moved on like the movement in time never stopping or waiting for anyone. When it got dark he drove back to his hotel and the lonely room that seemed to close in on him. Tomorrow he would drive back again and wait for the woman he loved; but did she still love him, only the hated time would tell the outcome of contact.
The next day parked across the street from the house, the architect drove up. Ron jumped out of the car and walked quickly across the street to talk to him. Ron shook his hand and asked about if he knew when Sue would come and take possession. He told Ron she was coming now and should be here anytime. He thanked him and walked back to his car and waited. It was cold out and the sky was threatening a cold rain or snow, he didn’t know which. He had the car running and heat on full when he saw a taxi approaching. His heart went somewhere he couldn’t describe. It pulled up in front and first Amy jumped out and Sue followed. Her hair was in a pony tail and her usual sunglasses on. She had on a down coat to the waist and blue jeans and Nikes on her feet. Iris followed dressed much the same. The architect shook her hand and Ron couldn’t breathe thinking about his wife standing across the street and him in a car unable to move. Fifteen minutes later the architect left and Ron with a super human effort of nerve got out and walked up to the front door. He rang the door bell and a in a few seconds Iris with a smile said, “Hello and come in please.” Ron meekly entered the same old house, but now vastly different. From the kitchen area Ron heard Sue ask who was there in a voice that almost sent him to his knees. Iris left him standing and walking back to the kitchen area told Sue it was Ron her husband. A complete silence incurred and the opposite inside Ron’s head came on with a roaring sound. A few seconds later Sue came around the corner and smiled at him saying hello. She bid him to the kitchen and told him to sit down and would he like a cup of coffee?
Ron tried to speak, but looking at her left him speechless. He finally croaked out a yes please and sat down. Sue said, “I can’t see the house, but it feels like the old place with new furniture. What do you think?” 
Her voice always reminded him of honey and looking at her all he wanted to do was throw himself at her feet and lay his head in her lap crying out to forgive him. Instead he said, “It’s beautiful and very homey. Sue cans we…...”  “She held up her hand to not speak now. Ron closed his mouth and waited for her to say something or maybe she was waiting for Iris to serve the coffee and tea. 
After Iris sat down the drinks she left saying she had some things to do. As soon as she left Sue, after a sip of tea said, “Ron I’ll be frank with you. Florida was both nice and horrible. I’ve never been talked to before like that in my life. I don’t have any experience with this sort of thing. I really don’t know how I feel about you and I, but I can say this, you are a great guy and whether or not it was real or not real, time will tell. I love my home here and intend to stay here with Iris and Amy. I will continue my writing and with a heavy heart, right now I don’t want to live with you. You may come when the baby is born and we will see from there what happens, but I’m sightless and can’t see people who are deceiving me so I will retreat to my house and live like I used to.”
This really wasn’t the way he thought it would be, but like the intelligent man he was said, “Sue you’ve left me no room to negotiate, if that is the right word, and it appears that nothing I could say will change your mind. I will respect your wishes and when the baby is due I will call so you can give me a date when it is close to delivery time, I’ll be there. Thanks for the coffee and seeing me. I can’t apologize for my mother for that is for her to do if and when it comes to pass. My father is very upset and is taking some measures to right the wrong she cast upon you.” Ron circled the table and kissed her on the top of the head and said very softly, “I love you Sue with all my heart and soul.”
As he turned and walked away, he glanced back and saw tears running down her face. Amy had come up to him and he gave her a hug, leaving with his head down not because of the light snow beginning to fall, but because he never felt this low in his life including the time when he was on the streets. 
The next eight months passed quickly for Sue and slowly for her husband Ron. Ron went to Argentina, bought a ranch and learned how to ride a horse. One reason was to keep learning photography and the high mountains with clear air provided him with vistas of delight. Most of his time was spent exploring the mountains with a side kick named Amigo. Amigo wouldn’t tell him his real name, but lucky for Ron the guy had worked for an American for years before the guy gave it up and went home. Now this grizzled old man took him places that few had seen before. Ron took hundreds of pictures and sent them to Buenos Aries for development. Nights he spent organizing them and casting off the ones he didn’t like. His staff took the cast offs and hung them framed on the wall of their own houses.  Ron’s reputation grew as word spread he was a famous photographer selling his photos to magazines. Nothing could be further from the truth as he had no intention of showing off his work to some yuppie that would sit and criticize them. 
Secretly he longed for his own publication featuring his wife’s writing and his photos. But as the months slipped by he began to lose that dream along with the hope of being with Sue again. Then one cold morning he woke to the wonderment of what month it was. He mentally counted off till her reached eight months after conception. Stupid him he forgot the day or close day of when they figured conception occurred. He racked his brain and came up with the end of June was the due date. He hollered at Amigo and asked him what the date was. Amigo shook his head and said, “Boss it the twenty second of June.”
Ron yelled to get the truck ready and they were off to the big city. Amigo ambled out the door to get the SUV ready and soon, bag in hand, Ron and Amigo headed for the airport. Ron called from the airport to Sue’s cell and she answered on the first ring. He thought she sounded happy to hear him and told him she was due in a week’s time, if the doctor was one to believe. He told her he was on his way and would be there in two days time. 
After they hung up, she wondered why it would take two days to get there, but she had her hands full with the baby wanting out. She and Iris had made a nursery out of a spare bedroom, well mostly Iris, and with Iris telling her colors and detail Sue had a good idea of what it looked like. Sue had refused an ultra sound to determine sex and whatever came was good enough for her. Up until a few weeks ago she had been writing most of the time on her novel; in addition to her articles. Iris became more than a friend and Sue helped her by sending money and gifts to her family in the Philippines. 
The days were hot and after such a long bleak winter they walked in the park everyday feeding the ducks and assorted birds. Her doctor told her she was a little narrow in the hips and if it was too narrow, they would have to do a cesarean. Sue listened and told her doctor that do what is safe for the both of them. 
The day she went into labor Ron landed at SeaTac International. Almost thirty hours since he left and he was beat. He checked into the Hilton and called Sue’s cell. Iris answered saying Sue was in labor at the hospital and Ron asked for the name and address. He jumped into the shower and changed clothes. He taxied to the hospital where he found Iris in the waiting room rather calm. She took him to Sue’s room where she was going through contractions, but some hours yet before she would deliver he was told. 

Ron walked in softly as she looked like she was sleeping. He saw her condition and wanted to lay his head on her stomach and listen while she rubbed his head like in the past. He moved to her side and reached for her hand. Upon touching her warm hand which felt as delicate as he remembered a smile formed on her lips and a squeeze back to his hand. She never opened her eyes, but said, “I guess I missed you Ron Filbert. I wondered where you went the day you left.”
“I went to South America and bought a cattle ranch. Why, I have no idea, but when I went to the airport that day, I saw the departure for Argentina and I booked a one way south. But that is another story and how are you?” Just then a contraction hit and he had to wait until it passed before she spoke again saying, “I’ve been writing a lot and Iris and Amy we walk in the park enjoying the familiar sounds and smells I am so used to. 
“How long you been in labor,” he asked. 
“I’m not sure. They took away my watch and I have no idea. Seems like days, not hours. The doctor says I might be able to give birth due to my narrow hips, so you might have to sign for an operation.” Ron squeezed her hand and then a flood of tears fell from his eyes dripping on the metal frame of her bed. One tear splattered onto her arm and she stretched up to wipe his face with her long fingers. She said, “Why are you crying. I’m fine and so is the baby.”
Ron dropped his head to the rail and through sniffles he said, “I miss you so much and love you even more. Now that I’m here, well, I think you know how I feel.”
“Yes, Mr. Filbert I do. After the baby comes we will talk more about it. Now I’m a little tired and need a rest between contractions.” Ron kissed her forehead and left wiping his nose with the back of his hand.  
Back in the waiting room with Iris, Ron sat down heavily exhaling a bunch of air with a sigh. Iris sat with him waiting for him to speak. She wanted to tell him Sue still loved him and now that he was home, all was well. After a few minutes Ron looked at her and said, “Iris thanks for being with her. I’m not thanking you just because I wasn’t there, but as person and her friend which was what she needed.”
“Mr. Filbert, Sue loves you a lot and you must be patient as the baby delivery is not going to be an easy one. The doctor said it will strain her heart and he really would like it best if she accepted the operation sooner rather than later. Now this information scared the shit out of Ron and he left to find the doctor and maybe convince Sue to accept the cesarean operation. Ron found the doctor talking to the baby nurses and introduced him as Sue’s husband. The doctor immediately told him the seriousness of the coming delivery and if he could convince his wife to have it cesarean it would be better for baby and mother too.
Ron almost ran back to Sue’s room where he woke her gently whispering in her ear sweet words of love. She woke up and rubbed his stubble and listened to what he and the doctor talked about. She said, “Honey, I can’t argue with the doctor and by your tone of voice, I’d best agree to what you both advise.” Ron breathed a sign of relief and with a hug and kiss headed back to the doctor to sign the paper authorizing a cesarean operation.
Two hours later, Ron in the delivery room dressed like a doctor, but without the tool kit, saw his baby girl born. The doctor gently laid the little girl on Sue’s stomach and through a drug induced state she tried to hold the slippery little girl. The doctor told her to wait awhile and soon the baby would be in her arms. Ron stood there like statue and not from the sight of blood, but for happiness collapsed on the floor. Laughter ensued and soon smelling salts brought him around. He’d hyperventilated and was asking where his wife went when he came back from the dark. They used a wheelchair for him and soon he was standing by his wife’s bed while she slept. Hours went by and he still stood there with Iris watching TV and he holding his wife’s sweaty hand. He wasn’t about to let go after all this time. The doctor had came by twice and told him she was fine and baby too. Ron felt a new lease on life and vowed standing there he would never take her somewhere without her full knowledge of where, who and for any other reason he could think of. 
Finally she woke up groggy and with sleepy look he well remembered, hair askew, looking utterly beautiful with a touch of rose color in her cheeks and with very kissable lips he said, “Welcome back honey. If you don’t remember, it’s a little girl and is fine and the doctor says you are fine too.” 
She said, “Honey if you don’t loosen your grip on my hand I might lose it,” and she smiled and went back to sleep. Ron took the opportunity to call his father with the news. Ron for the first time noticed it was growing dark out and it was late back east. Father picked up the phone and Ron gave him the news. His father was elated and told him so. He asked what her name was and Ron said that hadn’t been decided yet or he didn’t know. Father asked him where he’d been and Ron gave him a thumbnail sketch of what he’d been doing. Father then told him his mother was in a care center where they lived for two weeks and then group counseling three days a week thereafter. For two days a week she met a personal physiologist one hour a day. “Son, she is a new person, but still has along ways to go. I will keep you informed. By the way, your friend found the hand in the cookie jar and the head accountant is now facing embezzlement charges. Thanks and good luck with the new grandbaby. We look forward someday to see her. Stay in touch and we love you and all of you for that matter.” 
Ron wouldn’t leave Sue’s side. First he tried sleeping in a hard chair and then thought the floor a better spot. Iris found a blanket and covered him up. Nurses came and went checking on Sue, until Iris fell asleep curled up in matching chair made hard so people wouldn’t stay long visiting. 
Ron woke up early when the lights came on for a check on his wife. Sue was talking to the nurse as Ron slipped out to find the restroom. A little later after a spit and polish, he hurried back to her room only to find her fast asleep. Iris suggested he find some fresh clothes and a maybe a bath. Ron nodded his head and told her he would be back later. He walked down to the nursery to see his little girl and the nurse, after he pointed at her last name on the crib, picked her up and brought the baby to the window. To Ron she looked like any other baby and smiled anyway thanking the nurse. 
Four hours later he was back after a shower at the hotel, ordering clothes from a men’s shop, a haircut and shave; no more pony tail for him, he drove back to the hospital to find his wife sitting up a little wide awake. The first thing that hit him was fear of rejection and slowly moved to the side of her bed. Sue felt it was him and he said, “Good morning and how are you feeling,” in a voice he didn’t recognize as his own.
Sue held out her hand welcoming him with a big smile and said, “Why Mr. Filbert, nice of you to come see me.” Ron didn’t know if she was toying with him or serious. She went on to say, “Have you seen our baby yet?”
“Yes, and if I had to choose which one of all the babies, except for a black one or Asian one, I would fail the test.” 
Sue laughed and said, “Iris would you excuse us for a few minutes, I need to speak to Ron.” Iris nearly jumped out of her skin and left to look at her new charge. After she left in her serious voice said, “I’ve had eight months to think about us and our short time together. Never mind about Florida; it’s in the past and blocked from my fond memories of prior to going there.” Ron’s heart was in a location yet to be determined, but he did know his knees were shaking. Sue went on, “Well, what do you think we should do with our marriage?”
After what seemed a day or two, Ron asked, “Will you have me back?”
Sue for the first time toyed with him by saying, “Do you want to come back or are you happy somewhere else?”
Ron said with tears running down his face once more dripping onto the bed and her arm as he held her hand, “I love you so much and if you sent me away again, well I would understand, but not like it one bit. I want to spend my life with you and if you allow me to come back and share our lives together I promise to behave as you wish.”
Sue felt sorry for him and knew he had tears flowing and said, “Honey give me a hug, but not too hard.” Ron gave her a small hug feeling her small lithe body through her hospital gown and then buried his head in her neck as the past smell of her filled his whole being. The next thing he heard was when she asked, “Ron honey, when do we leave for Switzerland?”

Chapter XXII



Back in their home, Ron after two months felt they were ready to go to Switzerland. He’d made arrangements for the motor home to come north and the van sat in the driveway behind the motor home. The architect had tied the former garage and house together creating a wide concrete space for parking. The garage was split in half on the inside with Sue father’s work displayed in front and a guest room behind a wall. The house itself on the outside remained much the same except in the back where a sliding door led to a patio for BBQ. It was covered of course due to the wet climate. Inside the kitchen was expanded towards the back of the house and now gleamed in ultra modern stainless steel with marble counters and floor. Living room much the same with new carpet and hardwood walls with the fireplace a new front and a large hearth. The other rooms were in the same motif with dark brown carpet and each room had a different hardwood paneling. The master bedroom contained a queen size bed, due to its small space whereby the bathroom held a new large bathtub and walk in shower. The whole house was warm and cozy. Sue’s computer room remained the same only the windows were changed to let in more light. Of course all the windows were replaced in thermal panes to ward off winters wrath.
Ron simply could not get enough of his daughter. Sue named her after her grandmother: Sue Ann. Ron loved to feed her, Sue just didn’t produce enough milk, and he always commented on her gurgling sounds and grunts while sucking down the formula. Also he liked giving her a bath in the large kitchen sink, which irritated the new cook to no end. The new cook and Iris shared a bedroom and both being from the Philippines shared in their own culture during the day talking their own language.
Sue recovered quickly and began writing again with a flurry. The doctor from Switzerland requested a sample of her blood sent to him and now they waited to hear back when they should pack up and go. Iris would go of course, but the cook, Lydia would stay home taking care of the house.
A month after coming from the hospital, Ron’s father came to Seattle on the pretense of business. He stayed in the guest house and if he was tending to some business, it must have been at night as all day long he stayed inside the house enjoying his three day visit. It was only on the first day he talked to Ron about his mother when Sue was out of ear shot. He told him she was doing much better and life around the house with the servants happy told him she was coming along well. Rod told him he was happy for that and cautioned on bringing Sue in contact in the near future. Ron’s father nodded his agreement, with a sad look on his face.
It was September the first when the doctor called from Switzerland scheduling the interview when they arrived. He told them not to book a hotel as behind his clinic they had rooms for patients and family. After hearing the news, Ron was on pins and needles, but Sue was calm and serene. Travel arrangements were made and this time they left Amy home with the cook. 

****

Helmut Schmidt stood with a smile on his young face holding a piece of cardboard with Filbert written on it as Ron gathered their bags from the airport baggage claim. Sue was hanging on his arm and Iris had Sue Ann in a front pack for ease of the use of hands. After introductions were made, Helmut led them to a waiting small van to take them to his clinic and their rooms. Outside it was a cloudy day threatening rain at any moment, but no one from the USA paid any attention. Helmut helped with the luggage and introduced his associate and partner then they drove to Old Town Bern.
As it was early morning in Bern, Helmut told them to take a rest and he would call on them at lunch time for a first meeting. To Ron he appeared to be a man of few words, but very friendly and his English was almost fluent. All lay down on antique beds and went fast asleep, including Sue Ann. 
Ron woke up first an hour before noon. Sue was sleeping soundly and after almost a year he gazed upon her loveliness with desire. Their love making had returned increased by their love for one another. Ron slipped out of bed to the sounds of an old steam radiator making sounds of a struggle to produce much heat. He wondered, while walking to the bathroom, how cold it was in this room when the temperature dropped with ice building on the insides of the windows. The whole place was clean and spotless as he pulled back the hanging shower curtain and turned on the water. He nearly froze waiting for hot water thinking it might be coming from nearby France or Germany across the Alps? Finally it got steamy hot and he relished the shower from the sticky ride in the airplane. He’d just finished soaping his short hair when Sue came in asking if there was some room for her. Ron said, “If you like cozy, then come on in.”
Sue, with Ron’s guidance placed her under the shower and gave her a soaping up while she washed her long hair. He probably spent too much time on her breasts, but she didn’t seem to mind. Once she was finished with her hair, Ron gently moved her back a ways and finished rinsing off. The next thing he knew she had the soap in her hand lathering once again his growing member. Two minutes later a groan and a full body jerking occurred as he left his sperm for the first time in Switzerland. 
A knock at the door at precisely noon produced the smiling face of Helmut telling them lunch was served. Helmut, Ron noticed kept looking at Sue Ann and he clearly liked kids. Later he told them he was married and had on child with another on the way. His wife stayed upstairs where they lived and an Au pair helped with the chores. His wife was a doctor, but hadn’t practiced for a few years now raising their child. 
Helmut led them to a small lunch room where his wife and partner stood waiting for their patient and guests. Ron saw she was blonde like Sue and a bit on the stocky side, but pretty with a round face and nice smile. Introductions again out of the way they sat down to a steaming bowl of soup with homemade bread and cheese. Iris sat a little bewildered in a strange country feeding a bottle to Sue Ann. 
Small talk about their lives in America and Helmut’s wife Ingrid perked up when she heard that Sue was a writer. In perfect English she asked, “Are you the Sue Lyons who writes those pieces for magazines?”
Sue lowered her head and said, “I guess so, but I didn’t know anyone in Europe knew my name. I thought only in America people knew my work.”
“No, that is a misnomer if you will. You are very famous here and all over France, Germany, Italy and elsewhere. I’m surprised you didn’t know that you are very popular and upstairs I have many magazines with your articles of fascinating places and people. We learn more about America from your writing than any news that comes across the TV. Forgive me for asking but how do you write with such feeling and attention to detail with your handicap?”
Sue laughed a little and said, “Ingrid, I just ask people to describe what they see and from that I make up the details they missed. Then from my reading of stories from great authors I steal people and places to fit the whole picture.”
A smattering of applause came from the Swiss and then Helmut cleared his throat signifying it was time for business. “Now is time for us to do an overview of your case and relate it to the others we have done in the past. First let me tell you the procedure in laymen language without the medical jargon. First we clean the outside of the eye ball with a laser. From our research, blind people build up a microscopic film over the eye. They’re dead white cells that continue to fight off the disease. For reasons we don’t understand, the disease you had lies dormant and why the fighters continue is unknown at present. Next we inject, don’t worry it doesn’t hurt, we put you out and in a head restraint, an mixture of regeneration cells that heal if you will the lines of communication from brain to eye. Now this is the simplistic description, but we are still in the infant stages of this procedure. Over the last three years we have had over ninety percent success rate, from partial to full sight,” he sat back and smiled at the Filberts who were anything but calm hearing that this was experimental and there were no assurances of complete success.
Ron asked, “Helmut, and I know I’m bridging here, how soon we will know what her percentage of sight will be.”
“Three weeks, he shot back quickly. “Sue will be in one of our rooms in total darkness and without stress from the outside world. She can have visitors of course, but she must remain quiet and comfortable for the first week and then gradually, although still bandaged, the light is increased. By the second week we daily bring the light up to outside normal. At the start of the third week, we turn the light off and remove the covering of her eyes and hour by hour we bring the light up slowly. Not all react the same with the recovery schedule. Some have come to see well by the second week and others by the end of the third week.”
Sue said, “I understand and when do we begin?”
Helmut chuckled and said tomorrow morning after you have had a good night sleep and are relaxed, if one can relax. This is a simple operation and we feel you have nothing to lose and everything to gain. This afternoon we have two of our former patients coming in for a routine check up and they will be happy to meet you and tell you their experience. That in of itself should put you at ease.”
Ingrid said, “Now if you like I will walk you around Old Town and tell you what is what and after you can see for yourself in three weeks, how I did.” That sounded good to all of them as legs needed stretching and Ron was anxious to shoot a few pictures even if it was a cloudy day. 
Ron the next morning was a nervous wreck. Sue was relaxed and calm. Before the procedure, Helmut showed them around and Ron saw the special dark room where Sue would spend the better part of threes week in. It was all stainless steel with the two windows fabricated to exact size to seal out the light. A double bed, small table and a comfortable looking chair sat in the small room. When the inner door of a two door system was closed, absolute darkness was felt, not seen. This to Ron was the life of a blind person twenty four seven. He felt like running out to where there was light, but soon Helmut opened the door to let in the light. He said, “Kind of scary huh? I use, when I check the patient, a black light to monitor the pulse and blood pressure. We have a special head set for you to read to her by and she can read by brail many books we have in our library to pass the time away. 
Back in the room where the procedure was to take place, Sue was laying on a gurney table being prepared for anesthesia. Sue calm and ready was ready to get on with it. Her resolve was evident as she lay patiently waiting. Helmut washed up and came back looking like a doctor ready for an operation. His partner was waiting and the laser hung like a menacing weapon of torture, it looked like to Ron. Helmut told Ron if he wanted to watch, he should wash and put on a gown with a face mask. Ron declined and left the sterile room.
Not an hour later they wheeled Sue out with eyes covered in bandages. Helmut followed and told Ron that all went well. “Nothing to it,” he said with confidence. Ron nodded and hung back a little while Helmut added, “She will regain conscience in about fifteen minutes and we will loosely tie her arms to the bed so she doesn’t automatically reach for the bandages knowing something is on her eyes. Her head should clear up in a few minutes and you should talk to her so she feels safe and okay.”
Helmut and Ron stood at her beside while waiting for her to wake up. For Sue she was in dream land and running through an open field of flowers on a warm sunny day. Birds were singing and little critters making small noises when she heard Ron’s voice from far away. Sue was coming out of it now and felt Ron’s hand on her arm saying, “I’m here honey and all is well and good. Relax and soon you will be fully back from you sleeping. Nothing to worry about as Helmut said it went well.”
Sue, a bit groggy said, “I’m back now and that was quite a dream I had. I feel some discomfort with my eyes and it is not so bad. Now we wait and see, I hope, what happens. Thank you Doctor Helmut.”
The week passed quickly as Ron, Iris and Sue Ann filled the days in darkness reading and talking about anything and everything. Sue read by brail the history of Switzerland and then the geography of Europe. Then she asked for geography of Argentina and for Ron to tell her all he knew and experienced of living on a ranch.
Right on schedule the second week the windows were slightly opened and Sue reported some difference occurred but not much. During the first week and into the second, Helmut told her to do some eye exercises a few minutes a day. Looking in all four directions until she felt her eyes tiring then quit. By mid week the windows were opened to let in full daylight. Sue reported seeing light through her bandages and all got a little excited that she could see some light. 
By now Ron was a total nervous wreck and couldn’t sleep with eyes looking like road maps of red. Bags hung under his eyes and lines formed across his forehead. The day of reckoning was here. Today the bandages would come off and the light from total darkness gradually was increased. Hour by hour until full, although dim light, was for Sue to tell them what she saw. Sue was relaxed and calm, only Ron was pacing the small room as she waited for Helmut to remove the bandages and wait for the light to pass into the room. 
The room was now cast in light enough to see the outlines of its occupants. Sue sat up in bed and looked straight at the door in front of her. An hour later, which seemed to Ron a life time, Helmet said, “Sue take all the time you need. When you are ready to speak about what you see or can’t see is up to you.”
Sue replied, “I can see light and shadows for now, but nothing clear.” Two agonizing hours later, she spoke and a smile crossed her face, “I see four people, but can’t tell male from female.” Iris was holding Sue Ann in her arms sitting in the chair. Helmut looking confident sat in another chair while Ron paced the floor.
An hour later Helmut knew it was a success as he saw Sue looking around the room and eyes blinking normally? Ron noticed to and stood at the end of the bed with the light in the room now good enough for details. Sue, looked at Helmut and then at Iris and finally at the man standing at the end of the bed and said, “I thought you were more handsome than what I see standing at the end of the bed. You look very tired my husband. I think now we should fly to Argentina and I want to see what the land looks like. Is this our baby Sue Ann? She is lovely and many thanks to you Doctor Helmut.” 
Ron looked up at the ceiling and crumpled to the floor with a smile on his face….
