
Chrystal Bahl’s
Twisted Tails
A Paranormal Romance
Blood Secrets
Book 3
By L. M. Reed
Smashwords Edition
Copyright L. M. Reed 2018

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Author’s Note

Blood Secrets is a modern day paranormal romance with its beginnings in historical fiction during the time of William the Conqueror.  
Although a large portion of the locations and/or events referenced in this novel did and still do exist, a great many of the details regarding those locations and/or events have been fabricated.
This literary work is purely fictional and for entertainment purposes only.

Disclaimer
tHIS BOOK IS PART OF A SERIES AND IS NOT A STAND-ALONE BOOK!

Books by L. M. Reed

Chrystal Bahl’s Twisted Tails Series
Prequel—Frozen Dawn
Book 1—Bloodlines
Book 2—Blood Ties
Book 3—Blood Secrets
Coming soon, the final book in the series
Book 4—Blood Sacrifice

Agent Jack Knight Series
Agent Jack Knight: The Beginning
Agent Jack Knight: China
Agent Jack Knight: Russia
Coming soon…
Agent Jack Knight: Mexico

Dear Diary…Series
The Eyes Have It
Dear Diary…
Finding Mrs. Wright
For Richard or Poorer
One Knight Stand
Take Your Mark
Keeping Count
Christmas Spy
Judging a Book
Fat Chance
Grunt Work
And more to come…

Author’s Note Part 2
For continuity purposes, passages from the previous book, Blood Ties, have been included in portions of this book.

Prologue

11th Century England

“Leave me be!” the man in the bed demanded as the door to his bedchamber slowly swung inwards.
“Tsk…tsk…” the reproachful sound issued from between the lips of the elegantly clad figure filling the opening.  “Is that your customary treatment of old friends, Vincent?  If so, ‘tis no wonder your castle stands empty, your servants having fled.”
“Milord!” 
Vincent struggled to sit up in the bed, but fell back with a cry of frustration.
“You should not be here,” Vincent said pulling the bedclothes up to cover his grotesquely ravaged face.  “I am infected with the leprosy.”
“So I have been told,” the tall, thin, and abnormally pale visitor moved to stand over the recumbent figure.
“You must leave before you too fall prey to this damnable affliction,” Vincent insisted in a shaking voice, sinking further under the bedclothes until only the top of his head and his eyes were visible.  
“I am gratified by your concern.  However, I can assure you, I am in no danger, my dear Baron.”
“You can not know that,” Vincent insisted.  “You must not contract this disease.  It is truly horrible and I would not wish this upon my worst enemy.”
“Do you consider that we are enemies then?” 
“No…no…of course not,” Vincent stammered.  “I simply meant…”
“Are you not angry that I seemed to have deserted you?”
“I had heard…”
“What have you heard, my old friend?”
“That you had also fallen ill…that you had become…a recluse.”
“I suppose in a way I have become a recluse,” he admitted.  “Nevertheless, I am here now and I offer you a way to overcome this affliction.”
“Impossible,” Vincent croaked.  “What I have contracted is fatal.”
“Oh ye of little faith,” Le Duc admonished, clicking his tongue in mock sorrow.  “I have the ability to heal you, my dear Vincent, but you must agree to certain conditions.”
“You can heal me?” the sick man asked, struggling into a sitting position.  “A complete healing…?”
“Insomuch as you agree to my terms…yes, I am able to offer a complete healing of your body.”
“Is this treatment more hideous than the disease?”
“Only to some…those that wish to remain unenlightened.”
“What mean you?”
“The treatment will not only heal you, but may also prolong your life…perhaps to an unnatural degree.”
“An unnatural degree…?”
“Indeed, the possibilities are endless.”
“How would this be accomplished?”
“The treatment I am proposing is rather drastic and not entirely of this world.”
“You call upon the supernatural?”
“We successfully delved into the mystical in our previous situation, did we not?”
“That is true,” Vincent conceded.  “Will one treatment suffice or must I continue treatments for the rest of my life?”
“To maintain optimum health you must continue the treatments or the disease will return with death close upon its heels.”
“If at some point I choose death over the unnatural life that you have promised…?”
“Then I shall happily comply.”
“I have your word?”
“You have my word that I shall allow you to die if you so choose…after you perform the requisite final service, of course.”
“Service…?  What service?”
“I shall make that determination at the appropriate time,” Le Duc replied with the first sign of impatience.  “Do you or do you not wish to be healed?  Decide now, for I am a busy man and have no time for indecision.”
“Heal me,” Vincent whispered.
“You willingly agree to certain stipulations…?”
“I agree…I agree to everything…please…heal me.”
“So you blindly consent to any conditions I would put forth?”
“Provided that you allow me to die if I so choose…I do.”
Le Duc fell silent for a long moment studying the chevalière on the ring finger of his left hand intently before nodding and moving closer to the bed.
“I require your blood oath,” Le Duc finally pronounced as he removed a parchment from under his cloak.  “Your hand please…”
Reaching his left hand out to Vincent, he pressed the chevalière against the sick man’s index finger drawing blood before directing the digit to the parchment.  As the blood made contact, it seemed to glow for a split second before fading, leaving only moist redness in its place.
Situating the parchment on the end of the bed to allow the blood to dry, Le Duc then placed his ring against the sick man’s lips, pressing it deeply into the tender flesh and holding it there as he watched and waited.
Vincent remained quite still as the sharp points of the chevalière cut deeply into his lips.  Although filled with skepticism and doubt, Vincent desperately wanted to believe that Le Duc had the ability to heal him…painful death his only alternative.
Within moments, as strength returned to his body and color to his skin, Vincent rejoiced as never before.
He was healed.

2012

Sunday, June 10th

Paris, France

“We’re screwed,” Mike said as he slammed the cover of the central communication box shut and turned towards Blake.  “You should have sent me in first, dude.”
“What’s the damage?”
“Which do you want first...the good news or the bad news?”
“Always lead with the good news, Boyo,” Liam suggested as he entered the huge kitchen of the chateau and drew level with Blake, “makes the bad news easier to digest.  I didn’t find anything helpful in the rest of the house, by the way, so we still have nothing to go on.”
“Okay, so the good news is the sound system is dead and has been for a while so nobody could hear anything we said.”  
“Sound system…?” Liam repeated in surprise.
“Does that mean what I think it means?” Blake asked.
“If you think it means hidden microphones and speakers all over the place…then yep, that means what you think it means.  It was added way after the house was built, of course, so they had to pull wires through conduit, which, as you can see, are kind of obvious.”
“I assumed the small PVC pipe networked through the whole house was for electrical purposes,” Liam commented.
“Probably for that, too.  The walls are kind of thin so I’m guessing they didn’t have much choice,” Mike said with a shrug.  “I don’t know if you care, but they had a type of wireless capability, which is really weird for a system this old.  And did you get a load of the laptop I found in the cubby below it?  It’s a dinosaur, but pretty advanced for the time.”
“How old would you say?”
“I’m talking the 80’s, maybe even ‘70’s, for parts of the sound system.  Looks like it started out as some sort of intercom, those things were kind of a fad in the 70’s from what I’ve read, and it evolved from there.  The laptop looks more like the late 90’s.  And they definitely had internet—or what passed for internet back in the 90’s—which isn’t really saying much.”
“Can you get anything off the laptop?”
“Nah…it’s been pretty well sliced and diced inside.”
“So if that’s the good news, what’s the bad?” Liam asked with trepidation.
“The cameras weren’t dead.  I wondered why we still had electricity in parts of the house.  Now I know.”
“Cameras…?” Liam repeated in alarm.
“That is some major echoing going on around here,” Mike mocked before cupping his hands around his mouth and shouting, “Hellooooo…Sir Echoooooo…”
“I am not amused.”
“Yeah, I kind of got that from the sour look on your face, Liam,” Mike said chuckling.  “Unoriginal much…?  You really should work on…”
“Did you disable the cameras at the source?” Blake interrupted.
“I did, but that’s like locking the barn door after the cows are long gone.  They were being remotely accessed so, in other words, we’ve been made.”
“Damn,” Liam muttered.
“Well, at least that’s original,” Mike teased.  “I have to say, Blake, you’re usually a lot more anal about stuff like this, but you walked right into the trap.”
“Too bad you aren’t more anal about keeping your mouth shut,” Liam growled, noticing the slight tightening of Blake’s lips.
Liam knew how hard it was for Blake to put anyone in harm’s way as he’d allowed with Freddie—which accounted for his haste in entering the premises once he realized that Freddie was in trouble—so while Mike’s observation might have been spot on, it was not helpful.  Obviously, at least to Liam, Blake was already berating himself for his carelessness even without Mike’s insensitive comment.  Although he was certain that none of the others present would notice such small telltale signs, Liam had known Blake a lot longer than the rest and could hardly miss it.
At the same time, Liam fought his own sense of guilt over their current situation.  Feeling just as anxious as Blake over Freddie’s safety, Liam hadn’t done his job as Beta…that of offering other options thereby possibly preventing the catastrophe.
Pull yourself together, Liam silently admonished himself, and stop crying over spilled milk.
“That doesn’t make sense,” he heard Mike saying.  “You’re trying to put two totally different holes from opposite ends of the body together.  I’d have to be some kind of contortionist to…”
“Guys,” Jay’s voice broke into the conversation through the earpieces, “we’ve got more immediate problems.  A truck pulled into the driveway and a half dozen armed masked men are currently piling out of the back.”
“This just keeps getting better and better,” Liam muttered as Blake opened a door next to the old and dilapidated refrigerator and peered in.  “Where are you, Jay?”
“Still out front behind some rubble,” Jay replied.  “They haven’t seen me.”
“Stay hidden and keep us apprised as to their movements,” Blake ordered.
“Right now they’re fanning out like they plan to surround the house.”
“Mike, pack up your things and move in here,” Blake said as he swung the door open all the way.
“Why?  What’s in there?”
“No windows, I’m guessing,” Liam answered shoving Mike towards Blake.  “Get going.”
“Is there a light?” Mike asked.  “It looks creepy dark.”
“Doesn’t appear to be,” Blake said with a shrug.
“Wolves don’t have cat eyes you know.  How am I supposed to…?”
“You have a flashlight, Boyo,” Liam reminded him.  “Do you need a tutorial on how to use one?”
“Oh right,” Mike said with a sheepish grin as he unzipped the small front compartment of his bag.  “I forgot.”
“Any year now,” Liam prompted.
“Okay…okay…” Mike said as he clicked on the flashlight and moved through the doorway, “It takes time to…oh wow, this is huge!  Get a load of all those shelves and countertops…and is that a sink…?  What’s this room supposed to be?”
“A pantry.”
“This isn’t a pantry…I’ve seen pantries,” Mike said shaking his head in wonder.  “This is like a second kitchen.”
“It’s a butler’s pantry.”
“Butler’s have their own pantries?  Man, I don’t understand rich people.”
“If you two are quite through…?” Blake prompted in a feigned polite tone as he followed them into the room and shut the door behind them.
“Sure thing,” Mike said with a grin.  “I’m done oohing and aahing.”
“Talk to me, Alexandre,” Blake said.  “What is your current location?”
“Reconnoitering to the rear of the complex,” Alexandre answered.
“Can you find cover?”
“Already done and I have an advantageous viewpoint from a copse of trees on top of the hill.  Three gunman are currently checking out the lay of the land below me before deciding on positions.  The manner in which the house nestles into the side of a hill is hindering them somewhat in their endeavor.”
“First time visitors…?”
“That is what I have surmised…a minute advantage as we have only occupied the premises for a short time ourselves, but still an advantage.”
“Is your position secure?”
“The men seem reluctant to stray too great a distance from the house, so I believe it is for the time being.”
“Weapons…?”
“G36’s…”
Mike snorted, “Okay, Limey, so now you’re an expert on guns…?”
“Focus, Mike,” Blake admonished.  “Interesting choice, G36’s…lightweight and deadly, but clearly not expecting sustained gunfire.”
“Can’t say that I blame them,” Mike groused.  “We’re like sitting ducks in here.  Huh…that’s pretty funny…get it…?  Ducks…pantry…food…you know, like duck le orange or…”
“It is pronounced duck à l'orange,” Alexandre corrected, “not…”
“Great, now you’re a food expert, too,” Mike broke in.  “Give me a br…”
“Jay,” Blake interrupted, “Is anyone guarding the truck?”
“Nobody gets me,” Mike said collapsing on the floor in the middle of the room.
“Everybody gets you,” Liam assured him.  “We just don’t think you’re funny.”
“Hey…” Mike began in protest.
“The driver turned the vehicle around and parked it at the front gate with the motor running,” Jay answered.  “He’s sitting in the driver’s seat smoking.”
“Overconfident,” Blake noted.
“You have an idea,” Liam said with a grin.  “I like it.”
“He never…” Mike began.
“Doesn’t have to,” Liam said, grin widening.  “So what’s the plan, Boss?”
“Check out the waterway below the house, Liam, and see how many men are guarding it.”
“How do you know they have men guarding the waterway?” Mike asked in confusion.
“Because that’s what we would do,” Liam said as he slipped from the room.  “Be right back.”
“And stay well away from the windows for now,” Blake called after him before addressing Mike.  “Search the pantry and kitchen cupboards for some sort of sack that could hold clothing…and keep your head down.”
“What about my laptop?  I won’t be able to lug my computer bag around in my mouth; it’s too heavy and awkward.  And don’t even think about leaving it behind because that’s a big no.  I’ve got too much money invested in it.”
“You won’t be shifting, you’ll be carrying everything.”
“Great!  I mean, oh darn the luck.”
“Just do as I asked…keep your head down and find that sack.”
“I don’t remember any asking involved, but I’m on it.”
“Two human scents covering the waterway,” Liam reported through the earpiece.  “I also smell fuel and exhaust.  Considerate of them to bring a boat for us to use.”
Cocking his head, Mike asked in a puzzled voice, “Why are you heading upstairs, Liam?”
“Just going to take a gander out some second and third story windows whenever our worthy leader says so,” Liam offered in a voice filled with mischief.  “I figured out Blake’s plan while I was headed down to the basement.  Care to join me, Boss?  We could make it quite the party.”
“Oh c’mon, there’s no way,” Mike objected.  “He hasn’t given you squat.”
Blake disappeared through doorway and Mike, scooting on his butt, followed him out of the pantry, stopping in the kitchen while Blake mounted the stairs.
“He gave me all the information I needed.”
“I heard everything he said, Liam, and I repeat, there’s just no way.”
“How many men…?  What type of transportation…?  Stay away from the windows for now…” Liam listed chuckling.  “I think it’s rather obvious what he has in mind.”
“To you maybe…”
“I’m the only one that matters,” Liam replied.  “Now, Boss?”
“Now,” Blake confirmed.
“Liam, they’ve spotted you,” Jay said just as a spray of gunfire sounded.
“So the plan is to get Liam shot,” Mike said as he opened the first kitchen cupboard and peered in.  “I guess that’s one way to go.  Appreciate the sacrifice, Liam.”
“You won’t get rid of me that easily,” Liam answered, laughter coloring his voice.
“Just find the sack, Mike, and be ready to move when I tell you,” Blake ordered.
“I just had a thought, Blake,” Alexandre said.
As hard as Mike tried, he couldn’t stop himself from asking, “Is it lonely?”
Ignoring the comment, Alexandre continued, “I’ve seen hand signals, but have yet to pick up any conversation from our visitors.  Anyone else…?”
“I haven’t,” Jay volunteered.  “They must know we’d be able to hear them if they said anything.”
“Those Society bastards wouldn’t have given out that type of info about us,” Mike contradicted as he pulled an old plastic trash sack out of a cupboard before stopping to ask, “Would they?”
“My guess is they were told we have the capability of monitoring most frequencies and were ordered to maintain radio silence,” Alexandre offered.
“That will be helpful,” Liam noted.  “They won’t know we’ve taken out some of them.”
“I’ve got the sack and my computer bag ready to go, Blake,” Mike said as he scooted back across the floor and into the pantry, shutting the door behind him.  
“Is it clean?” Liam asked.
“It’s clean,” Mike assured him, glancing down at the dirty black trash bag lying on the floor next to him, adding in an undertone, “…ish…”
“I heard that,” Liam warned, “and ‘ish’ isn’t acceptable.”
“Hey, it’s the only one I could find,” Mike protested.
“Clean it up before we get back.”
“Yeah, like that’ll happen.”
“Mike…” Liam began.
“Time for us to get your party started in earnest, Liam,” Blake said.  “They are primed and watching now.  You take the front facing windows and I will take the rear facing ones.  Give them a decent glimpse, but don’t get shot.”
“You just worry about you, Boss.  I’m faster than…”
“Don’t tell me, let me guess,” Mike said with a hint of laughter in his voice, “faster than a speeding bullet.”
“Jay, render the driver unconscious and disable the truck in some way while we are providing the diversion.”
“Aw…Jay gets all the cool jobs,” Mike complained as a particularly large barrage of bullets hit the house.
Even though Mike was sitting on the floor in the pantry, he instinctively ducked before adding, “On second thought, I’ll just be hanging around in this fancy schmancy butler’s pantry cleaning this dirty old trash bag.  Carry on, all.”
The rapid gunfire continued for what seemed an eternity before Jay finally pronounced the driver and the truck incapacitated.
“Liam, head downstairs, put your clothing in the sack Mike found, and then shift.  Once they realize we aren’t dead or likely to be dead anytime soon, they will quickly move onto the next phase of the plan.”
“Next phase…” Mike repeated in alarm.  “Please don’t tell me they’re about to storm the house.”
“I doubt it…much safer for them to wait until we try to leave.”
“Well, I don’t know about you, but I think I’ll just be taking a gander around this aforementioned fancy schmancy butler pantry and see if I can scare up couple of cans of food and a handy dandy can opener.  I’ll be seeing the rest of you later.”
“They have a plan to get us out of the house,” Blake informed him.
“Plan…?  What plan?”
“I’m fairly confident that those circular objects attached to their belts aren’t for decoration.”
“Circular objects…?  They’re gonna lob grenades at us?”
“That would be my guess,” Blake said as the door to the pantry opened and he and Liam joined Mike, their shirts already unbuttoned.
“Are we grenade proof?”
“Depends on how close you are when it goes off,” Liam answered as he stepped out of his pants.
“You know I’m gonna be emotionally scarred for life from all of the naked hairy bodies I’ve been exposed to lately,” Mike grumbled as he held open the bag.
“I guess that means you’re not worried about the grenades anymore,” Liam said in amusement as he stuffed his clothing inside.  “What was in this bag?  It stinks.”
“Nothing was in it and thanks so much for reminding me that I’ll also be physically scarred from the grenades.  If I’m not dead, that is.”
“Jay…Alexandre…” Blake said as he threw his own clothing in with Liam’s, “get to the van and find a place close to the river just south of here to pull in and wait for us.”
“So that’s why you made us park the van away from here and walk in separately,” Mike said in comprehension.  “You knew something like this would happen.”
“Suspected would be more accurate.”
“You didn’t suspect they’d have cameras set up.”
“Nobody’s perfect, Boyo,” Liam pointed out.
“But you knew all along that the Freddie dude was setting us up.”
“He didn’t set us up,” Liam contradicted.
“How do you figure?  Who else knew we’d be here?”
“Nobody is that good of an actor; the kid was obviously terrified of this place.”
“Can’t say that I blame him,” Mike agreed shuddering.  “It’s kinda creepy deepy, even if it does have the coolest pantry I’ve ever…”
“Blake,” Alexandre interrupted, “now might be a good time for you to make your exit.  The men appear to be reaching for their grenades.”
“Liam and I are going dark,” Blake said as he removed his earpiece and tossed it in with his clothing.
Liam followed suit a split second before Blake’s ‘shift’ command.
“Sounds even more painful in a pantry,” Mike said shuddering as the echo of bones breaking practically drowned out his words.  “And there really is an echo in this creepy-deepy house.”
As soon as the huge black wolf bounded out of the pantry with the russet colored wolf close on his heels, Mike, hugging his computer bag to his chest with one hand and dragging the bag filled with clothing behind him with the other, took off after them.  Although Mike didn’t know the exact plan, he didn’t have to know.  In fact, it was better that he had no clue because Blake’s plans were always fluid and Mike tended to be very literal when it came to directions.  Flexibility was not part of his vocabulary.  All he needed were the Alpha commands in his head steering him to do the right thing at the right time and he was good.
Reaching the bottom of the stairs well behind the wolves, Mike was just in time to see Liam’s wolf shooting through a doorway towards the left while the Alpha leaped over him towards the right.
 Less than a second later, Mike sensed that it was time to move.
Running through the same doorway where the wolves had disappeared, Mike didn’t stop until he was safely installed in a speedboat anchored to a small wooden dock and gently rocking in the water, totally ignoring the two naked men tying up two fully-clothed masked men. 
“I’ll get us out of here while you get dressed,” Blake told Liam as the two, having finished securing their would-be attackers, jumped down from the dock and into the boat.  “Then we’ll switch.”
“Eh…it’s France,” Liam said with a shrug, “nobody will even notice a naked man driving a boat.”
“I’ll notice,” Blake returned, lips twisting wryly as the motor roared into life.
“We could give a new definition to the term showboat,” Mike suggested.  “We might even want to take the show on the road.”
“Boat and road don’t go together,” Liam pointed out.
“Why you gotta be so literal?  You know I’m funny.”
“Oh you’re funny alright.”
“Nobody gets me,” Mike mourned, shaking his head.  “Oh well…”
“As I said…we get you…”
“I know…I know…you just don’t think I’m funny, but you just said I was funny so…”
“Not that type of funny.”
“Whatever…so, changing the subject, I’m kind of curious about how you knew the bad guys wouldn’t be standing on either side of the doorway to shoot you when you went running in like crazy wolves.”
“It was a calculated risk, but it seemed logical that if they were warned about radio silence, they would have also been warned to take us out long-distance,” Blake informed him.  “Once we drew closer, our wolves were able to gauge their positions by scent as well as breathing sounds.”
“Okay, I’ll buy that, but where’d you get the rope to tie them up?”
“They had it on them,” a half-dressed Liam answered for Blake as he took the wheel.  “My clothes stink, Boyo.”
“Not my fault you’ve never heard of deodorant,” Mike joked before asking, “Do you think they were planning on taking us back alive?”
“Maybe,” Liam conceded before turning to Blake.  “We’re almost to the end of the tunnel and I haven’t heard any grenades yet.  Are we expecting company up top as we hit daylight?”
“I doubt it, but just in case, I’ll take the wheel and you two crouch…” 
Explosions interrupted the rest of what Blake was going to say as dirt rained down on them from the ceiling of the tunnel.
“I think that answers my question,” Liam said with his signature grin.  “I wonder what the two guys we tied up under the house would be thinking right about now if they were conscious enough to think about anything.”
“Help…?” Mike offered with an answering grin.
“Now that, Boyo, is funny.”

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Riding Trail

“Jay…” Brit exclaimed in shock, yanking on the reins without realizing it, effectively stopping her mount Sandy in her tracks.
Hearing the panic in her voice, Doctor Minsk drew level with his student and gently touched her arm.
“Miss Macintosh…?”
“What are they doing, Doc?” she whispered, staring into space as if that could help her see what was happening with her fiancé.  “Why is Jay so…so…I don’t know what to call it, but it’s not good.”
“Send him what Liam calls a ‘warm fuzzy’.”
“Are you going to tell me what the hell…what the heck is going on?”
“Whatever it is, I am certain Jay needs to stay focused.  That is of the utmost importance.  Please help him do so.”
“But I…”
“Do you selfishly want information at the risk of Jay’s life?”
“His life…?”
“Your anxiety will distract him.  Is that what you want?”
“No, of course not…”
“Then send him ‘warm fuzzies’ this instant.”
For a few minutes, silence reigned as Brit closed her eyes and concentrated on repeating her litany of ‘I love you, everything is great’ over and over until she finally believed it and could breathe normally again.
A happy smile spread over her face as she received a response.
“Better…?” Minsk asked as she opened her eyes and blinked multiple times readjusting to the bright sunny day.
“I’m getting pretty creative at imagining his replies,” Brit said with a laugh.
“Would you care to share or is it too personal?”
“He said, ‘Love you, too.  Sorry for the scare.  Call you tomorrow.’”
“Interesting…”
“Don’t worry, I know I’m extrapolating from what he’s feeling instead of having an actual conversation.  You won’t have to call the little men in white jackets to cart me off to the nuthouse.”
“C’mon,” she yelled over her shoulder as she nudged her horse into action, “I need speed.”
“Do not worry, Miss Macintosh,” Minsk murmured in amusement as he urged his own horse into a canter, “I would not do that to the poor little men.” 

Glendale, California
Rick’s House

“Are you going to tell me what’s bothering you or should I start guessing?”
“What?” Stephanie asked turning to Rick with a blank look on her face.
“Something’s wrong with…”
“I’m so sorry,” Stephanie said, shooting off the couch and grabbing the bowl of popcorn sitting on the coffee table in front of them.  “Did I not melt enough butter?  Or maybe it’s the salt.  I’ll go get…”
“The popcorn’s fine,” Rick said, gently taking her hand and releasing her grip on the bowl, setting it back on the table.  “And you don’t have to wait on me.  I am capable of taking care of myself.”
“But I like taking care of you.  I want everything to be perfect, so if the popcorn…”
“Oh no, you don’t,” Rick said as she once more reached for the bowl.  “It tastes great the way it is.”
“Oh, well, we can find a different movie to watch if you don’t like this one,” she offered as she perched on the edge of the couch once more.
“Sweetheart, there is nothing wrong with the snacks or the movie.  I just wish you would tell me what’s going on with you.”
“What could be going on with me?  Life is great!”
“Stephanie, even if it wasn’t obvious to anyone with eyes that you’re on edge, I can sense there’s a problem.”
“Right…you can ‘sense’ it,” she said with a laugh.  “Ooooh…creepy…”
 “I can sense it, because when you feel something, I feel it, too.”
“You feel it…?  What do you mean by that?”
“We have a special connection now that we’re mated.  When you’re feeling a strong emotion, I experience it with you, so denying that something is wrong is rather useless.”
“Seriously…?  And you’re just telling me this now?”
“Actually, until tonight, I wasn’t sure it was going to happen.”
“I don’t understand.  If it’s a normal wolf thing, why wouldn’t it happen?”
“Most mates experience some degree of emotional connection, but the strength varies.  It’s unclear whether it’s actually absent in some couples or it’s just so weak they don’t realize it’s there.”
“So why couldn’t you tell if we had one until tonight?  Is ours weak?”
“It appears to be very strong right now.”
“Does that mean it’s growing stronger?”
“Either that or maybe because we have both been so deliriously happy, I couldn’t distinguish your happiness from mine.”
“Oh my gosh!  Is that why I was so angry with Tiff this morning when you came over for breakfast?  I know she didn’t mean to make a face and roll her eyes when you showed up at the door, and she tried to smooth it over with me, but all of the sudden I was so…so…”
“Murderous…?” Rick supplied with a grin.
“That was you…wasn’t it?  I was feeling your anger.” 
“I suppose that means I’ll have to be more careful with my emotions from now on.”
“I would certainly appreciate it.  She’s my sister, after all, and I love her.  I don’t like being unreasonably upset with her.”
“You think I’m being unreasonable?”
“No…of course not…you…”
“So Tiff is the one being unreasonable…?”
“Don’t twist my words around.  I meant that it isn’t unreasonable for the two of you to be a bit unhappy with each other, but I’m not unhappy with either of you so for me it is unreasonable to be upset over such a trivial thing.  I know both of you are trying to get along.”
“Well, one of us is anyway.”
“Tiff is trying, Rick.  She’s just not very good at it yet.  It’s been years since she’s cared about what other people are thinking or feeling and it doesn’t come naturally to her.  Personally, I think she’s doing great.”
“Okay, we’ll go with that.  Now…back to my original question.”
“What question?”
“Are you going to tell me what’s bothering you or should I start guessing?  And don’t try telling me that nothing is wrong, because, as I said before, that would be an exercise in futility.”
“Alright then, here it is…I want to go back to the Burger Binge and work with the others.”
“What about your classes?”
“I still want to continue with my classes, but I thought maybe I could help out on the weekends.  Saturdays and Sundays are usually the busiest days anyway, and I’m free then, so it’s not like it would cut into my class schedule.”
“You have to study.”
“I can study in the morning and before bedtime.”
“What about the time we spend together?”
“We’ll still have plenty of time to…”
“Ah…” Rick said nodding, “I see what’s going on here.”
“You do?”
“I didn’t recognize the emotion at first, but now I’ve got it.”
“What emotion?”
“May I ask you a question?”
“You just did.”
“Stephanie…”
“Fine…ask away, Oh Persistent One.”
“Do you like working at the Burger Binge?”
“Um…can I plead the fifth?”
“Nope.”
“Okay then, I enjoy parts of it.”
“Do you like your college courses?”
“You know I love my classes.  Where are you going with this?”
“I think you know.”
“Is this what life with you will be like?” Stephanie asked in exasperation.  “Because I’m rethinking this whole mating for life thing right about now.”
“I probably shouldn’t tell you this yet, but you can learn how to close the connection when you don’t want me to know what you’re feeling.”
“Now you tell me.”
“Sweetheart, there is no reason for you to feel guilty about the others having to work.  Tanner and Sam actually enjoy it, and you and I both know it’s a good experience for your twin.  Besides, the two of you need separation.  She’s got to learn how to get along without you.”
“I know, but it’s so hard.  It’s not Sam and Tiff’s fault that I met my mate and they haven’t.  On top of that, having to let you pay for everything because I have no money is so annoying.”
“At the risk of sounding like a Neanderthal, I am your mate and it is my privilege and honor to take care of you.”
“That said,” he continued, forestalling the obviously heated retort springing to his future wife’s adorably pink lips, “once you have your degree and decide what you want to do with your life, I will support whatever makes you happy.  If that means you contribute to the household income, I accept that.  However, I want you to know that I fully support you staying home with our children, if that is what you choose to do.  Your happiness is everything to me.  I don’t, however, support any decisions based solely on guilt and quite honestly, I doubt that Tiff would approve of it either.  If she’s trying as hard as you say she is, she might even resent you thinking she can’t function without you.”
“She is trying, Rick, I promise.  If you meet her halfway, you two might even learn to…”
“Tolerate each other…?” he supplied with a wicked grin.
“I’ll take it,” Stephanie admitted in resignation.
“Then I’ll work towards that.”
“Thank you.”
“Now that we’ve talked that out, do you think you can you relax and enjoy our evening?”
“I’ll see what I can do,” she said as she slipped into his open arms and snuggled into his chest.
“And no more talk of the Burger Binge,” he shuddered.
“I thought you liked the food.”
“It’s a lot better than I thought it would be, but I have no desire to spend my whole weekend there.”
“You wouldn’t have to,” Stephanie protested.
“If you think that, then I have been remiss.”
“Remiss…how?”
“I have failed to communicate just how vital you are to my very existence and how painful it is for me to be separated from you for any length of time.”
“We’re apart all night,” she pointed out.
“My bed is directly in front of my open window so I can listen for any problems and I’m sure Grant is tired of my constant need for reassurance.”
“Grant…?  Who’s Grant?”
“He’s watching over all of you at night and keeps an eye on Tiff during the day.”
“Well, that doesn’t sound creepy at all,” Stephanie said with a shiver.  “Is it really necessary?”
“…asks the girl who was kidnapped…”
“But you rescued me and I doubt they’re stupid enough to try that again.”
“We don’t know that and as long as your sister’s friend is missing, believe me, it’s necessary.”
“My sister’s friend…?  Who are you…?  Oh my gosh!” Stephanie exclaimed sitting up in panic.  “Do you mean Dee?  Is she missing?  Why didn’t you tell me?  Have her parents called the police?  And Brit…?  Is she okay?  And Jay…and…”
“Take a deep breath, Stephanie.  Everyone else is fine.”
“But Dee’s not?  Oh my gosh…Brit must be going crazy with worry.  And Dee’s parents…I can’t even begin to imagine what they’re going through.”
“Her parents don’t know yet.  Blake…”
“They don’t know?  But Dee’s their only child.  We have to tell them.  They need to know.”
“Blake said…”
“Blake said,” Stephanie snorted.  “Well, if Blake said not to tell anyone, then by all means let’s keep Dee’s own parents in the dark about her disappearance.”
Popping up from the couch, Stephanie headed to the front door.
“Where are you going?”
“Dad isn’t under Blake’s control, so I’m going to ask him flat out why he hasn’t told Dee’s parents she’s missing.”
Before Stephanie could reach the front door, Rick was there blocking her way.
“I understand how upsetting this is, but I want you to let me tell you the entire story before you go off…”
“Half-cocked…?” Stephanie supplied in anger.  “Is that what you were going to say?”
“Before you go off on a rampage,” Rick offered with a slight grin.
“And that will make a difference because…?”
“My telling you the story or my word substitution…?”
“Either…both…I don’t care.”
“There are a lot of things at play here, my Stephanie, and Dee is alive and well right now so…”
“You don’t know that.”
“Brit talked to her.”
“What?  Then she isn’t really missing?”
“We know she’s alive, but we don’t know where they are holding her.  Just hear me out and then we can discuss what you want to do about it, okay?”
“You’ll tell me everything?  Not a simplified edited version of what Blake thinks I should know?”
“By the time I get done, you’ll know everything I know.  Fair enough?”
“I guess.”
“Great!  Then let’s go back over to the couch and get comfortable.  This could take a while.”
“No funny business,” Stephanie warned.  “I won’t be distracted.”
“Don’t I know it,” Rick murmured as he led her back to the living room.  “So…here’s what I know…”

Glendale, California
Burger Binge

“C’mon Tanner, what’s the big deal?  Just tell me already.”
“I’ve already told you…Rick mentioned something to me.”
“So, in other words, you’re going to keep up this pretence.”
“I’ve already told you multiple times…Rick told me.  I don’t know what you want from me.”
“Rick told you…a perfect stranger…?” Tiffany scoffed.  “No way I’m going to believe that, because I know you didn’t meet him until Dad’s birthday party.”
“Aw, shucks, Tiff…I’m not perfect, but thanks for the compliment.”
“Okay, knucklehead, I’ll rephrase.  You…a total stranger…and Rick’s going to confide in you about some people out to get him.  I don’t buy it.”
“Once he knew Steph was it for him, he made sure all of us knew so we could help protect her.”
“Not all of us,” Tiffany muttered with obvious resentment in her voice.
“Like he was going to confide anything in you when you already hated his guts…”
“Well, if he’d told me I would have…I wouldn’t have…”
“Look, Tiff, I’m trying really hard to forget about the whole kidnapping thing and understand you better, so I’d appreciate it if you’d drop this line of conversation before you start blaming Rick for your stupidity and I get ticked.”
“I’m not blaming Rick…I just…I just…I wish people would at least credit me with caring about Steph as much as everyone else does.”
“Okay, if I agree that you love Steph more than anyone other than Rick, will you get on with your part of cleaning the bathrooms?  I don’t want to be here all night.”
“Do you really believe it, though?”
“Actually, I do.”
“Then watch out toilet, you’re about to be royally flushed.”
“That makes no sense.”
“Well, I couldn’t think of anything else on the spur of the moment.”
“Fair enough…then watch out floors, you’re about to be slopped and mopped.”
“Doof head,” Tiffany said with a giggle as she turned towards the toilet, determination written all over her face.
An hour later, as Tanner locked up, Tiffany took off jogging towards the road.
“That girl,” Samantha said shaking her head as she headed across the parking lot.  “I wonder where she goes this late at night.”
“You got her?” Tanner murmured as he pocketed the keys to the Burger Binge before following Samantha to the car.
“Yes,” came Grant’s customarily short reply.
“Where does she go every night, anyway?” Tanner asked in a low tone, but received no answer.
Apparently, Grant was a man of few words and just as obviously, explanations weren’t in his repertoire.  Oddly enough, Tanner was fine with that.  At least he wasn’t responsible for the irresponsible girl.  He sympathized with Grant—he had the hardest job of all of them—but Tanner wouldn’t have traded places with him for love nor money.
No matter how hard she tried, and Tanner freely admitted that she was trying, Tiffany was still a royal pain in the butt, and he figured that wasn’t going to change any time soon.
With a sigh of resignation, Tanner slid into the front passenger seat next to Samantha.

Monday, June 11th

Dumfries, Scotland
Dungeon Holding Cell

The sound of the heavy door opening startled Freddie awake.
“Freddie…?” a tentative voice asked from the doorway.
“Deana…?” Freddie asked in a groggy tone, automatically attempting to rise before realizing he couldn’t.  
Spurred into action by his grunt of pain, Deana hurried to his side.
“Are you in pain?  What can I do…?”
“I’m okay…just forgot where I was for a moment and tried to sit up.”
“Maybe the door key will fit your…”
“Restraints…shackles…?” Freddie offered with a weak smile.  “I doubt it, but….”
As she tried the key in each of the keyholes, Deana became more and more depressed until she finally had to admit defeat.
“I’m so sorry,” she said meeting his eyes with tears in her own.  “I thought I could help you.”
“I will most likely heal better lying down anyway,” Freddie said in a lame attempt to comfort the girl.  “Why are you being nice to me after what I did to you?”
“I thought about what you said, and you were right…a lot of things don’t make sense so I thought through some things and I…well…I believe you about Vinnie and I don’t trust him.  I should never have doubted Brit, but I was hurt and Vinnie convinced me that…well…anyway…I just want to go home,” she finished on a whisper.
“Does Vincent know about your change of heart?”
“No, at least I don’t think so.  I haven’t seen him since breakfast.”
“Then he doesn’t know you’re down here?”
“He said he’d be gone for a few hours, so I decided to come see you.”
“Is it daytime?  I can’t tell down here.”
“It’s morning…around ten or so I think.”
“Did he leave someone else in charge of you?”
“No, he told me he lives alone, although I have heard another voice at times, so I don’t know for sure.”
“You are able to roam about without supervision?”
“Actually, he locks me in my room.  And before you say anything, he told me it was for my own protection and after being so stressed and angry and drugged up I freely admit that I haven’t been thinking straight.”
“How did you get out?”
“I learned how to pick locks before we left on our trip because I thought it might come in handy when I was breaking into the school.”
“I have to say, that is impressive.”
“And illegal,” Deana added.
“True, but…wait…you are free…you could leave anytime you want now.”
“I suppose I could…”
“Deana, you need to leave this place immediately, before he comes back and definitely before it gets dark.”
“You really think that Vinnie works for a vampire?”
“Check the front door and see if you can…”
“It is an old pin and tumbler lock, very similar to the one on my bedroom door so I’m pretty sure I could pick that one, too, but…”
“Then you need to do so and get as far away from here as possible.”
“I can’t do that…not without you.”
“I am irrelevant…”
“Not to me.”
“Okay, then let me put it another way, if you do not go, I will die in this dungeon.”
“I don’t even know where we are…”
“It doesn’t matter…pick a direction and keep going until you find someone that will help you.”
“What if he comes back while I’m gone and…”
“You are wasting valuable time and my injuries will only slow you down, even if I could free myself.”
“What injuries do you have?  I’m a doctor’s daughter…maybe I can do something to…”
“I have a few broken ribs and a concussion…nothing that won’t heal given time…but I am rather slow-moving at the moment and it would be counterproductive for me to accompany you.”
“Why did your father want you dead so badly?”
“My fake father…and it’s a long story.  I promise to explain it to you someday, if we live long enough, but right now, you need to…”
“Deana,” a voice reproached from the doorway.  “What are you doing down here?  I told you he is dangerous and you could get hurt.”
“Vinnie,” Deana whispered before turning around to face him, “I don’t…”
“She was simply reassuring herself that I am suffering for all that I did to her and her friends,” Freddie broke in.  “Hatred is a powerful motivator.”
“Freddie…” Deana protested spinning back around to face him, “I…”
“We are done here.  I have had enough of your recriminations.  Leave me be.”
And with that, Freddie closed his eyes and turned his head away from her, hoping that Vincent believed him.
“Shall we return to your room?” Vincent asked with studied politeness.
Freddie heard no reply, but he could picture the defeated slump of Deana’s head and shoulders as she followed Vincent from the room, and it broke his heart.
“I will get you out of here, Deana,” Freddie murmured as the door shut behind them, leaving only darkness.  “I promise you that.”

Dumfries, Scotland
Castle Foyer

As soon as he was within range, Vincent’s earwig crackled into life.
“I trust your trip was a success, Vincent.”
“Yes, Milord,” Vincent replied as he closed and bolted the front door, sliding his umbrella into the holder and shedding his overcoat.  “The woman was exactly as represented.”
“And the marks…?”
“She is a wolf’s mate,” he affirmed, hanging his overcoat on the ornamental coat rack near the front door.
“You were able to secure her release?”
“You are now a million dollars poorer, but yes, I was able to convince the facility that I am family and have the right to demand they discharge her.”
“When does she arrive?”
“In two days.”
“Excellent…now…onto another matter…”
“I had no idea that the girl possessed the skills to pick the lock to her room,” Vincent said as he moved into the kitchen.  “In the past, she seemed content to remain behind locked doors.  I shall remedy the situation as soon as possible.”
“Apologize to the girl for the inconvenience and then remove the lock on her bedroom door as well as the door between the rooms.
“Why?”
“From their conversation, it is obvious that the two of them have forged a bond.  I believe we can use that to our advantage.”
“How so?”
“Call Doctor McDuffie and have him do what he can to ease the boy’s suffering.”
“I suggested that yesterday, but you…”
“No need to point fingers, Vincent.  The situation is evolving and we must remain flexible.  Then have Doctor McDuffie help you move the boy into the connecting room.”  
“Why?”
“I wish for you to encourage the two of them to get to know one another…to develop deep mutual feelings.”
“Again, I ask why?”
“The boy is the conduit to the prophecy, is he not?”
“According to the late Sheldon of Mississippi…”
“And he is well aware that we attempted to have him killed…?”
“Undoubtedly…”
“How likely is it that the boy will prove cooperative?”
“You plan to use his feelings for the girl to coerce him into revealing the prophecy.”
“You do not approve?”
“My approval is irrelevant.”
“Indeed it is.”
“Anything else…?”
“I am in need of sustenance.”
“Of course you are,” Vincent sighed as he booted up his laptop.

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Brit’s Bedroom

“Are you going to tell me what the heck was going on yesterday that had you so stressed out?” Brit asked before Jay could say anything.
“I’m sorry about that.  We were trying to find Freddie and there were a few complications.”
“Oh no you didn’t, Jay…tell me you didn’t…aw hell, you did…you lost Freddie!”
“It’s even worse than that, I’m afraid.”
“You mean he’s dead…?  Dammit!  I knew I shouldn’t have listened to Minsk.  I should have stuck to my guns and demanded…”
“He’s not dead, Brit…at least, Blake doesn’t think so.  That’s not…”
“Oh well, if Blake doesn’t think so then everything’s just fine and dandy.”
“Listen to me, Sweetheart, that’s not why I called.  The Society knows what Blake looks like now, and that could…”
“Now…?  You mean they didn’t before?”
“No.”
“Did I know that?”
“It wasn’t one of our discussions, but that’s not…”  
“How could they not know what he looks like?  He’s like hundreds of years old, isn’t he?  Or is he more like a millennium old?  Or is it millennia…?  I guess it doesn’t matter which…the man’s like ancient.  So what’s his deal, anyway?”
“I promise I’ll tell you what little I know of his story later, but right now, what’s important is that it’s only a matter of time until they zero in on all of you.”
“Zero in on us…?”
“Once they figure out who Blake is and where he lives, there may be an attack on the ranch, so you need to stay close to the house.”
“Wow, Jay, you have no idea what goes on around here, do you?  I’m not even allowed to leave my room without Blake’s watchdogs dogging me.  I get to ride horses with the Doc and visit Quort and Freddie down the hall—well, except now Freddie’s gone and probably dead—but that’s pretty much my life right now, so…”
“Don’t think like that.”
“Oh come on, do you remember who you’re talking to, Mister I-Must-Try-To-Hide-My-Emotions-From-My-Mate Britches?  I can feel your depression like it’s my own.  You think he’s dead, just like you thought Quort and Dee were dead at one point.  I admit I didn’t know what our connected emotions meant then, but now that I do, there is no reason for you to try and hide…”
“How is Quort, by the way?”
“And this is me…sighing heavily.  However, since I love you more than life itself, I’m going to humor you and let you change the subject.  Just so you know, though, I’m on to you, so trying to hide your feelings isn’t going to work anymore.  As for Quort, he’s doing better everyday, which presents a problem in itself.”
“What do you mean?”
“You remember Georgia…right…?”
“Tell me no,” Jay groaned.
“Sorry…no can do.”
“Does Sin know?”
“Sin…?”
“Her brother…Sinclair…”
“You call that huge hulking hunk of a man Sin…?  Really…?  You must have a death wish…which better not be the case because I am planning to marry you and…”
“Mike came up with it and Sin never seemed to mind.  He’s very easy-going and has quite the sense of humor once you get to know him.”
“Well, he’s going to need all of that and a helluvalotta restraint if Quort doesn’t quit messing with his sister.”
“Brit…”
“Okay, fine…heckuvalotta…but I’ve got to say, it loses something in the translation.”
“Think of it more as a paraphrase,” Jay suggested.
“Whatever…all I’m saying is that Quort might very well lose what makes him ‘special’ if Sinclair finds out because I’m thinking castration would be his ‘go to’.”
“Then it’s up to you to convince Quort to leave Georgia alone.”
“Yeah, well, that ain’t happenin’,” Brit snorted.  “She cooks his food, she delivers his food, and she usually stays to chat while he’s eating.  I mean, she is so not helping the situation…or herself.”
“You mean she listens while he chats,” Jay corrected.
“I said what I said…they chat.”
“Georgia doesn’t chat.”
“Well, she does now.  She doesn’t talk to me, but unless Quort’s voice just got a helluva…heckuva lot higher, I can hear her through the door, right before I open it.”
“The door’s shut?”
“Believe me, I threatened him with bodily harm, but he claims it’s Georgia shutting the door.”
“That’s not possible.  Georgia wouldn’t shut herself up in a room alone with a stranger…especially a male stranger.”
“It’s not only possible, I saw it with my own eyes.”
“You’ve got to make Quort stop.”
“So now I’m a baby-sitter?”
“I’m serious, Brit.  Please try to keep Quort away from her.  Georgia doesn’t need more pain in her life and we both know that Quort is allergic to commitment.”
“What happened to her?”
“That’s not my story to tell, just promise me you’ll try to put a damper on Quort’s libido.”
“I’ll try, but as I pointed out earlier, Georgia isn’t exactly cooperating.”
“Thanks for trying anyway, now, back to our original discussion, Blake is sending some…er…friends to…”
“Pack, Jay, he’s sending a bunch of his Pack.  Why can’t you just say that?”
“Because it always sends you into one of your…er…frenzies.”
“One of my frenzies…?  Seriously…?”
“You know how you get whenever I use one of those types of words.”
“Not always,” Brit objected before amending, “At least, not as much as I used to.  It’s all kind of old hat now.”
“Anyway, he’s sending people to help protect the ranch and they should be arriving shortly.”
“Finally, someone for me to talk to besides Quort.”
“No, not for you to talk to,” Jay warned.  “They have a job to do and don’t need that type of distraction.”
“So first I’m a baby-sitter and now I’m a distraction.  You’re going to have to stop with all the compliments or I’m likely to get a swelled head.”
“You know what I mean.  Look at what happened with Alexandre.”
“Wow…I can feel your jealousy clear across the ocean.”
“Not funny, Brit.”
“Don’t worry, Sweets, I’m a one-wolf kind of girl.”
“Still, I think you should keep your distance from the…er…others.”
“Not every man on the planet is hot for my bod, Jay.”
“Could’ve fooled me,” came the muttered reply.
“Fine,” Brit said sighing with no small amount of melodrama, “I will do my best to avoid contact with…oh, that’s so punny…you know, because there are two kinds of contact, and one would be very up close and personal, while the other…”
“Brit,” Jay began warningly.
“Okay, so maybe it’s not one of my best efforts…”
“Brit…”
“Fine, so it really makes no sense at all…still…”
“Brit…”
“Don’t worry, my jealous future lover, I’ll behave…I promise.”
“Thank you,” Jay replied with obvious relief in his voice.  “I have to go.”
“And I guess I best go pay our local Lothario a visit.”
“I love you, Sweetheart.”
“Ditto,” Brit whispered before quickly disconnecting the call, suddenly in danger of losing control of her emotions.
As she lowered her phone, she could have sworn she heard Jay inside her head saying, “You don’t have to hide your tears from me, my love.  I can feel them.”
“Sure he thought that,” Brit said out loud with a self-deprecating laugh.  “No wild imagination at work here.  Maybe Minsk should have me committed.”
Squaring her shoulders, she sucked in a deep and steadying breath before heading to Quort’s room.

Glendale, California
Macintosh House

“Man, you gotta stop ordering those stinky dead fish!” Joey complained holding his nose.
“Wimp,” Tanner said into his hand disguising it as a cough.
“You’re the only one eating it, so you shouldn’t get to order two larges.”
“Tiff may show up later and she’ll want some.”
“You said yourself she takes off every night and heads for parts unknown until right before curfew,” Joey pointed out, “so that excuse ain’t a gonna fly.  Just admit that you’re a pig.”
“You down more than your fair share, Joey,” Samantha noted in turn.  “Just admit it, you want Tanner’s share, too.”
“Hey, I’m a growing boy.”
“We all are,” Roger said reaching for another slice of the pepperoni.
“Why don’t we just order a couple extra next time?” Bobby pointed out in a reasonable tone.  “I’ll chip in some more moolah.”
“That would really hit the spot,” Thorne agreed.  “Count me in.”
“You guys are bottomless pits,” Samantha said shaking her head in amazement as she quietly reached for a spoon.
For a split second, nobody moved.  Suddenly, there was a mad scramble for the remaining unclaimed pieces of flatware.  Samantha wisely scooted back from the table, keeping a firm hold on her spoon, watching in amusement while the five guys fought over the four spoons left.
By the time the utensils found new ownership, random pieces of pizza had been flung all over the room as well as its inhabitants, the pizza boxes littered the floor, and the table plus five chairs were overturned.
“Joey’s out!” Roger crowed from the floor brandishing his prize.  “I got the last spoon!”
“Yeah, well, if Tanner’s stinky fish had stayed inside the box where it belonged instead of all over me,” Joey groused as he pulled himself up off the floor, swatting at the anchovies sticking to him, “I wouldn’t have lost.  That’s gotta be illegal.  I call a foul…from the foul smell, if nothing else.”
“No fouls in spoons,” Bobby said with a grin, holding up his own spoon.  “Suck it up and be a man.”
“Yeah, don’t be such a baby, Joey,” Thorne agreed, producing his own spoon as he pushed up from the floor.
“Grow a pair, Cuz,” Tanner added as he picked up a fallen chair.
“Or, as Sam would say, grow a vagina,” Roger said with a chuckle as he righted another chair.
“This game is rated PG, Roger,” Tanner reminded him.
“Oh, come on, you’ve never heard her talk like that?” Roger asked in disbelief.
“Actually, it was usually Brit,” Tanner admitted, “but I guess she rubbed off on her sister.”
“That’s what I said!” Roger exclaimed.
“If you two are quite through discussing me as if I’m not here…” Samantha said raising an eyebrow.
“What the devil are you doing down there, Joey?” Tanner asked in surprise as he and Bobby picked up the overturned table, revealing a guilty looking cousin holding a piece of pepperoni pizza in each hand.
“Nuthin’…” Joey mumbled around cheeks obviously stuffed full.
“Was that on the floor?” Thorne asked with interest.
Joey swallowed and then suggested, “Five second rule…?”
For a moment, the guys all eyed each other before, as one, they dove for the floor and the pieces of pizza scattered around, spoons forgotten in the mad scramble for food.
“Hey, no fair!” Roger yelled as Tanner nabbed the last supreme from right under his hand.  “There’s plenty of your anchovies everywhere…why are you taking ours?”
“Yeah, give it!” Joey demanded.
“You’re really not one to be talking, Joey,” Samantha reminded him.  “You were holding two pieces before you’d even finished chewing the third when Tanner found you.”
“She’s right,” Bobby agreed.  “You had a mouthful and two uneaten pieces.”
“Yeah, well, uh…” Joey said, thinking furiously, “Tanner has a whole anchovy pizza on the floor and he’s got a piece of supreme in his greedy little hands.”
“More leftovers for me later,” Tanner said grinning as he stuffed the hotly debated piece into his mouth before mumbling, “this is what’s called a win/win situation.” 
“You guys really are pigs,” Samantha said shaking her head in disbelief.
“No we aren’t,” Thorne said with a wicked gleam in his eyes as he held up a piece of Canadian bacon.  “I mean, duh, Samantha Martha, we’re eating pig.”
“So what does that make you?”
Glancing at each other with mischief written all over their faces, the five simultaneously said “Wolves!”
“Well, regardless of your species,” Samantha said with a laugh, “we definitely need to order more next time.  I can’t have you people spreading rumors about me forcing you to eat off the floor like animals.”

Tuesday, June 12th

St. Brendan’s Hospital
Grangegorman, North Dublin, Ireland

“I have never seen this one before,” the young nurse said as she brushed out the long red hair.  “She is very beautiful.”
“Only a few people are privy to the special circumstances surrounding this patient, Nurse Benton,” the Ward Nurse noted from behind the chart adding sharply, “and no one is allowed to discuss her outside of these walls for any reason.”
“I understand, Sister, mums the word,” Nurse Benton nodded as she pulled the hair to one side and tied it with a green ribbon.  “Why is she here in the disused part of the facility instead of the new building with the other patients?”
“The Witch is…er…different.”
“The Witch…?”
“That is what people in the know call her, although her real name is Mary Cateline MacCarthy.”
“Why do they call her the Witch?” 
“Well, according to the caretaker, and he has been here forever so he should know, she is under some sort of magical spell.”
“What kind of magical spell?”
“Apparently, Miss MacCarthy has been in this facility since the twentieth century.”
“You mean the twenty-first century, of course…”
“No, the twentieth century.”
“But that would be the 1900’s.  How is that possible?  She is obviously in her twenties.”
“Twenty-five to be exact, hence the nickname…the Witch…”
“I am confused.  If she is under some sort of magic spell, wouldn’t that mean someone else was the witch and she the victim.”
“The theory is that she put herself under the spell.”
“You do realize you are claiming that this woman has been twenty-five for over a hundred years.”
“I can see that I shall have to explain as best I can,” the Ward Nurse said with a sigh as she seated herself on the opposite side of the bed, “but you are to share this with no one…not even your husband.”
“I understand.”
“According to the records, Mary was officially admitted in 1902 and was kept in the main building with the others.  However, she was moved to this part of the grounds in 1903 and has remained here since that time.”
“1903…?  I find that quite incredible.  How came she to be here?”
“The notes in her case file say that she began to hear voices in her head.  Today, that would only have presented a cause for alarm if she had become violent, but during that time…well…fear is a powerful catalyst.  Her own family had her committed.”
“What treatment was prescribed?”
“She was scheduled to begin electroshock therapy when it happened.”
“What happened?”
“She fell into a coma-like state.”
“The woman is in a coma?”
“A coma-like state…”
“The difference being…?”
“Technically, she is not in a coma.”
“Then what is it?”
“Because she has not aged since 1903, most have agreed that she is in some type of stasis.”
“Which means?”
“Her body is…maintaining…”
“Maintaining…?  Is that why she has no IV?  No bedpan…?”
“During the first year of her stay, the staff kept her as hydrated as possible for that era, but as there appeared to be no output, eventually that was discontinued.  Everyone feared death would soon claim Mary, but as the years passed, it became obvious that she was…er…self-sustaining in some way.”
 “That is unbelievable!”
“Yes it is.”
“So what changed?”
“Changed…?”
“Something had to have changed for you to call me in here.”
“Ah…yes…well…apparently, a family member has claimed her after all of these years.”
“But surely all of her family is dead by now.”
“This is a descendant.”
“Why would someone come forward after over a hundred years?”
“That is above my pay grade…and yours as well.  Our job is to ready Mary for transport.”
“I am amazed that no one attempted brain operations on her.  That type of thing was rampant in the twentieth century.”
“She must have had a guardian angel.  I have told you all that I know and much more than I should have.  We must ready the patient for transport.  Mary leaves this facility for the first time in over a hundred years at nine tonight.”
“I am still not sure how much I believe of what you have told me.”
“Nor I…and that is probably for the best.  Now, what say we make this young lady presentable for the trip to her new home…”

Dumfries, Scotland
Dungeon
Le Duc’s Living Quarters

“Do you have a name for me, Monsieur Murphy…?”
“Not yet, Milord.”
“What is the problem?”
“I have searched every facial recognition data base that I have access to at the moment, but I haven’t found a match.”
“What about the fingerprints your people lifted from the Chateau?”
“We obtained only one clear set.  The hand grenades destroyed much of the interior of the house.  So far, we’ve had no hits on that one.”
“You guaranteed results.”
“And you will have results.  It’s just taking a bit longer than anticipated.”
“You assured me you would capture at least one of them, but you did not and now this…no progress.  Beware; my patience is not without limit.”
“You have not been as forthcoming as we would like and that has hindered our progress.”
“You have video and a set of fingerprints…others have done more with less.”
“Others weren’t searching for a special group of people that have remained anonymous for a very long time.”
For a moment, there was silence.
“Do you possess information of which I am unaware,” Le Duc asked in a dangerously quiet voice.
“Let’s just say that I am very good at my job and the soul of discretion and leave it at that.”
“We shall leave it at that, then.”
After replacing the receiver, Le Duc sat in the almost complete darkness pondering the situation for at least five minutes.
Once more picking up the receiver, Le Duc dialed a number and then waited for the voicemail message.
“Leave a message at the beep.”
“Daniel Jonathan Murphy, Murphy Intel Corp, New York City, office explosion, presence required, usual fee, will call back with time frame.”
Again, replacing the receiver, Le Duc leaned back in his chair and asked, “You heard?”
“I heard,” the voice answered in his ear.  “Are you certain you do not wish to use the man for sustenance?  Explosions are quite messy.”
“The man is too smart to agree to meet; therefore it is necessary to dispose of him in some other manner.  The explosion will hopefully ensure that any sensitive information he may have accumulated on us will die with him.”
“Waiting until he furnishes us with the required Intel, are we?”
“But of course, my dear friend.  I would hate for his death to be meaningless.  Speaking of which, I am in need of sustenance.”
“Speaking of meaningless death…”
“One of these days, Vincent, your attempted humor at my expense will exceed my tolerance level.”
“I am quaking in my boots.”

Glendale, California
Macintosh House

“I’ve always loved baking snickerdoodles with you, Mom,” Stephanie said with a sigh as she scooped the last bit of dough from the bowl.  “It’s one of my earliest memories of us together.  You letting me roll the dough into a ball and dip it in the cinnamon and sugar and then I’d take the fork and…”
“Flatten ‘em like a pancake,” the two of them finished together and then laughed.
“You always said cookie dough was better than toy dough because you could play with it first and then eat it afterwards.”
“I’ll miss this.”
“It doesn’t have to be the last time, sweetheart,” her mom reminded her as she turned to wash her hands at the sink.  “You’ll just be across the street…at least until you finish high school.”
“I know, but it won’t be the same.”
“Life is about changes and all four of you girls are at the age of some of the biggest changes you’ll ever face.”
“I just wish I could tell Tiff and Sam what’s going on with…well…you know…the wolf thing,” Stephanie said finishing on a whisper.
“Well, at least you and Brittany can talk about it.  That should help.”
“It will,” Stephanie agreed.  “I still can’t believe that Jay’s a…uh…you know…one of them, too.  The whole time we were there visiting Brit, we were hanging all over him, poor guy.  I mean, Sam and I don’t usually act that way over boys, but we couldn’t seem to help it.”
“Well, if it’s any consolation, it’s probably the blood connection.  Although, I have to admit, I rather fell for him, too.”
“Hey!” Stephanie exclaimed in shock.  “You’re old and married.” 
“Not that way, and thanks for calling me old.”
“I didn’t mean…”
“I’m teasing you, Sweetheart.”
“Oh, right,” Stephanie said with a giggle.  “Sorry.”
“Anyway, what I meant, Miss Get-Your-Mind-Out-Of-The-Gutter Britches, is that I was so taken by him that I badly wanted it to work out between him and Brittany.  I knew he’d make her a wonderful husband and us a wonderful son-in-law.”
“Are you taken by Rick, too?”
“Absolutely!  I couldn’t ask for two better husbands for my daughters.  I was always worried that you and Tommy…” Cynthia said trailing off, wondering if she’d gone too far.
“I’m glad you like Rick, but what was wrong with Tommy?”
“Much too young for you.”
“We’re the same age, Mom.”
“I meant mental and emotional age.  You need someone as mature as you are.”
“Well, there was no danger of that,” Stephanie assured her.  “We weren’t interested in each other that way.”
“If you say so,” her mom murmured before changing the subject.  “Anyway, I’m very happy that you and Brittany will be able to talk to each other about your special circumstances.”
“I wonder how she took it…you know, finding out the whole shifting thing was true, especially since she gave Dee a hard time about it.”
“You know your sister…she’d never admit to being anything other than in total control.”
“So…is there any news about Dee?”
“I haven’t heard anything.  You seem to be taking Deana’s disappearance much better than I expected.”
“Actually, I’ve been trying not to think about it too much or I’m afraid I’ll blurt out something in front of the wrong person, or worse, I’ll pass out in front of someone because of the Alpha gag order.  It must have been hard for Dad to keep quiet about everything all these years.”
“I suppose.”
“You don’t sound very pleased with Dad.”
“I’m still trying to reconcile the man I married with the man that kept that whole situation from me for a couple of decades.”
“Rick thought maybe Dad was afraid to tell you because he didn’t think you’d believe him and he had no proof.”
“Blake certainly saw to that,” Cynthia muttered.
“I know…right?  I’ve got to say, I’m not a big fan of that man and I haven’t even met him.”
“Even though I’m still trying to take it all in, I’ll admit, I’m not much of a fan, either.  Your Dad, on the other hand, seems to think Blake hung the moon.”
“Rick does, too.”
Sighing heavily, there was silence as the two worked, each lost in their own thoughts.
“Speaking of Dad and taking things,” Stephanie said, breaking the silence, “he took the whole marrying at a young age thing better than I thought he would.”
“He lived through his sister’s torture,” Cynthia said with a shrug.  “Don’t misunderstand me, he hates losing two of his girls this soon, but he knows when he’s fighting a losing battle.”
“So, how do you feel about it?  I mean, really feel about it.”
“I married your dad when I was nineteen and have never once regretted it.  It’s even more incredible for me to think about how young I was now that I’m older, but deep in my heart I knew it was right, even without the advantage of knowing absolutely that we were mates as you and Rick do.  Because of that, any uncertainty I might have about your age is totally gone and I’m just happy that you have each other.”
“Thanks, Mom,” Stephanie managed to choke out.  “That means a lot.”
“I just want you to remember one very important thing.”
Stephanie nodded.
“Marriage isn’t always easy and even though you two are undoubtedly meant for each other, don’t get complacent and think that will make it all automatic.”
“What do you mean?”
“Happily ever after doesn’t just happen,” Cynthia warned.  “It takes commitment and communication and a lot of hard work to succeed and even then there will be difficult times…times you might even wish you’d stayed single, especially at first when the newness wears off.  Or when you’re in labor,” she added with remembered amusement.
“You wished you were single?” Stephanie asked in alarm.
“Let’s just say the first couple of months weren’t smooth sailing and leave it at that.”
“I don’t get any details?”
“You’ll make your own details soon enough.”
“Do you think Brit will mind that I’m getting married this summer, too?”
“If I know Brittany, she won’t mind at all.  In fact, she’ll probably suggest a double wedding.”
“I hope you’re right,” Stephanie murmured as she slid the cookie sheet into the oven.

Dumfries, Scotland
Dungeon Holding Cell

“Doctor McDuffie…?” Freddie exclaimed in an odd mixture of surprise and dread, forgetting for a moment how sick and feverish he’d been feeling over the past few hours as the cold, added to his already compromised state, slowly filched every degree of body heat he possessed.
“Frederick,” the doctor acknowledged in a professional tone as he moved to stand over him.  “What is the extent of your injuries?”
“Figure it out for yourself,” Freddie said between clenched teeth, desperately trying to stop the chills racking his whole body and failing miserably.  “I am not voluntarily giving you that type of ammunition.”
“What do you mean by ammunition?”
“Does it matter?”
“As I am the doctor currently treating you, I would say it matters a great deal.”
“Treating me…?  Is that what you call it now?”
“I am a doctor; it is my job to treat sickness and injuries.”
“Or cause them,” Freddie muttered.
“As I said, I am a doctor.  I heal people.  It is what I do.”
“Among other things…things I have witnessed firsthand.  I will not hand you the ammunition you need in order to enhance my suffering before you decide to finally end it by killing me.”
“I am here for one reason and one reason only…to treat a patient.  Are you or are you not injured and in a significant amount of pain?”
“You know that I am.”
“So then shall we get on with it?  Again, I ask, what is the extent of your injuries?”
With a sigh of resignation, Freddie recited, “Three cracked ribs, some cuts and bruises, and a concussion all courtesy of your friend Mikhail and enhanced by whatever mercenary group you people had kidnap me, so forgive me if I don’t believe…”
“Keep this in your mouth,” Doctor McDuffie interrupted, sticking a thermometer between Freddie’s lips, effectively silencing him.
Freddie watched the man in bewilderment while waiting for his temperature to register, but the doctor simply ignored him as he placed two fingers on Freddie’s wrist to check his pulse rate.
Removing the beeping device from Freddie’s mouth, the doctor clicked his tongue and shook his head, “You seem to be suffering from…”
“A low grade fever, racing pulse, and the chills,” Freddie recited for him.  “Actually, not that difficult to divine and it is certainly not that difficult to understand my poor physical condition given that I am currently shackled to a table in a cold and dank dungeon.”
“If I release your bonds in order to treat you, will you promise to cooperate?”
“I am weaker than a kitten and shivering like I have the ague; I doubt that will be an issue.”
As the doctor produced a set of keys and proceeded to unlock the shackles, Freddie asked, “Why are you doing this?”
“As I said, it is my job.”
“And as I said, you forget, I have been privy to your ‘job’.  Why are you doing this?  Why has the vampire suddenly decided he wants me alive and well?”
“I have attended your injuries in the past.”
“Yes, you have,” Freddie conceded.  “Were you aware then that I was not a member of the Brotherhood?”
A slight hesitation as he released the last shackle was the doctor’s only indication of surprise.
“Yes, I know,” Freddie assured him with an odd feeling of satisfaction at being able to disconcert the unflappable doctor.  “My supposed father ordered Mikhail to kill me.  I’d say that was a fairly good indication of our lack of blood ties, wouldn’t you?”
“Knowing that, why would you return?”
“Because Carrington kidnapped the only two innocent people in this whole bizarre situation, and he still has one of them.  As it was entirely my fault, I…”
“You always did possess too much of a conscience, much to your father’s chagrin.”
“That man is not my father!”
“I suppose it is of little consequence now.  The whole estate was willed to you from your mother’s side of the family upon her death so Carrington’s own demise should not affect you in the least.”
“Carrington’s demise…?  He’s dead?”
“He took his own life.  You were not aware?”
“No,” Freddie whispered.
“Perhaps your new wolf friends are not such good friends after all.  I wonder what other vital information they have withheld from you.”
“They knew…?”
“It would have been difficult not to know since they rescued the boy from his…or rather your…castle and that is where Carrington committed suicide,” McDuffie said with a shrug as he filled a syringe.
“What are you doing?” Freddie asked in a suspicious tone.
“I plan to inject you with antibiotics first, then steroids, and possibly a painkiller,” the doctor answered with obvious indifference in his voice.  “Of course, withholding consent is entirely your decision.”
After a moment of contemplation, Freddie finally conceded, “You may give me all but the painkiller.”
“As you wish,” McDuffie acknowledged as he swabbed his upper arm with alcohol and administered the first shot.  “However, I feel I must warn you, the short jaunt upstairs will most certainly be a painful one.”
“Upstairs…?”
“Apparently, you are to reside next door to the young lady.”
“Why?”
“You would prefer to remain here?” he asked in a disinterested tone as he drew up a second syringe.
“No, but…”
“Then, as soon as I am finished here, Vincent and I will assist you in the move.”
“Vincent…”
“Decide now about the painkiller,” the doctor warned as he swabbed another patch of arm before administering the second shot, “for I have other patients to attend.”
“I would prefer aspirin.”
“I shall see to it that Vincent supplies you with the appropriate pain reliever every four to six hours,” McDuffie said as he closed his bag.  “Have you any questions?”
“Do I have pneumonia?”
“Bronchitis is more probable, however, I can not say for certain without an x-ray.  Anything else…?”
“Nothing that you are likely to answer.”
“In that case, I shall return in the morning to check on your progress and decide how best to proceed.  Your lack of cooperation has run me short of time.  You and Vincent will simply have to make do if you plan to spend tonight upstairs.”
“I need no assistance.”
“As you wish,” the doctor said with a great show of indifference as he claimed his medical bag and moved to the door.  “Have Vincent contact me if any issues arise.”
As the doctor’s footsteps retreated, Freddie realized something wasn’t quite right.  He hadn’t heard the familiar sound of the door clanging shut.
Carefully sitting up for the first time in days, Freddie felt the blood draining from his head, but refused to give into his weakness.  Gripping the edges of the table, he remained motionless, gritting his teeth and waiting for his vision to clear.
“Freddie!” a familiar voice exclaimed from the doorway.
Without opening his eyes, Freddie whispered, “Deana.”
“What are you doing?” Deana asked in a worried tone as her voice moved closer to him.
“The doctor considerately left the door open, so I decided to visit you, of course,” Freddie replied with the ghost of a grin.
A coughing fit quickly followed his statement, and it was all Freddie could do to remain upright, grasping the edges of the table as if his life depended on it, while his ribs throbbed with excruciating pain.
Just when he thought the dizziness would overwhelm him, sending him crashing to the floor, he felt arms gently encircling his waist.
“I’m here, Freddie.  You can lean on me.”
Practically falling forward into her arms, Freddie felt himself sliding off the table, but barely had time to worry about hurting the seven stone girl with his almost fourteen stone weight before realizing he was once more sitting.
Forcing his eyes open, he glanced down and asked in surprise, “Where did you find a wheelchair?”
“Didn’t the doctor tell you he brought one with him?” Deana asked as she bent over to help arrange his legs.
Meeting her eyes as she glanced up from her task, the concerned look on her face filled Freddie with foreign sensations.  His life, at least since his mother’s death well over a decade earlier, had been totally devoid of any tenderness or concern, and he could feel a huge lump gathering in his throat.
When he didn’t answer, Deana sighed.
“He didn’t tell you, did he?”
All Freddie could do was shake his head, the lump preventing him from making a sound.
“Well, I’m here to take you to your new room…right next to mine,” Deana pronounced in a triumphant voice as she moved around behind him, “and I plan to nurse you back to health.”
“But Vincent…” he finally managed to choke out.
“Vinnie has decided that you mean me no harm.  So, will you promise to be a good patient and do as you’re told?”
Swallowing down the lump, Freddie nodded and said, “As long as you’re the one doing the telling.”
“Agreed.”
“Why did Vincent change his mind about me?” Freddie asked in a more normal voice.
“Maybe he believes you now,” Deana suggested as she wheeled the chair to the doorway, “believes that you aren’t here to hurt me.”
“Sweet Deana, I can already tell that you always see the good in people.”
“No, not always…I didn’t with Brit, even knowing her practically my whole life.”
“I disagree.  With all the evidence in, you were still eventually able to see past what basically amounted to a betrayal, and realize that there had to be a reason she didn’t tell you.”
“But what if Vinnie is good?”
“I wish that were the case, but it isn’t.  The only reason Vincent brought in the doctor was that the Society needs me alive for some reason.  I just wish I knew why.”
“The Society…?”
“There is so much I need to tell you.”
“We’ll have plenty of time to catch up once I get you up to your room and you get some rest.”
“I suppose a lift is too much to ask for,” Freddie said with a sigh.
“If you are referring to an elevator,” Deana began with laughter in her voice, “I think I just may know where to find one.”
“Deana, my dear, you are indeed a goddess.”
“As Brit’s father always says, ‘I can but try.’”

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Upstairs Hallway

Exiting Quort’s room, tray in hand, Brit stopped short and promptly dropped the tray with the remains of Quort’s meal on it at the sight of five rather large human trees standing outside his room.  
“Got it!” one of the five crowed as he nabbed the tray before it could hit the ground.  “And that’s how it’s done, ladies and gentlemen.”
Okay, well, two large trees and three humongous trees, Brit decided as she took in the braggart that had rescued the tray.  Not short—taller than her 5’10”—but definitely one of the two shortest of the bunch.
“No ladies here,” Brit corrected, “and the jury is still out about the gentlemen part.  The last ‘gentleman’ that surprised me in this very hallway got on my bad side PDQ.  It wasn’t pretty.”
“You must be Brit,” one of the trees said chuckling and holding out his hand.  “I’m Andrew Atwood and these are my brothers.”
“Wow…the two of you look so much alike you could be twins,” Brit said of the other two humongous trees.
“Oh man, burn,” one of the dark-headed trees said to Andrew with a huge grin before turning back to Brit.  “I’m Brad, by the way, and this copycat that looks a little like me is Chris…my twin.”
“Burn…?” Brit repeated in confusion.  “What…?”
“He’s referring to my hand,” Andrew said with a lopsided smile, waiting patiently with hand still out-stretched.
“Oh, oops…sorry,” Brit said taking the hand briefly before immediately releasing it.  “So you are twins.”
“We’re twins, too,” said the shorter blonde twin still holding the tray.
“No way!  That’s amazing.  I mean, what are the odds?  Two sets of twins in one family…?”
“That’s what our mom said when we were born,” the other short, blonde twin said with a chuckle.  “After she got through yelling ‘Ow! Ow! Ow!’ that is.  I’m Derek and this is Ethan, my sidekick.”
“And better half,” Ethan supplied.
“You wish,” Derek snorted.
“Oh my gosh, tell me having multiple sets of twins is not normal for Lycan Ladies.”
“Lycan ladies…?” Brad asked.
“Lycan, as in werewolves,” Derek supplied.
“Nice,” Chris said.  “I haven’t heard that one before.”
“Leave it to a vet to know what Lycan means,” Ethan teased.
“A vet…?  Like you treat animals or a vet like you’re retired military?” Brit asked.  “Stupid me…of course it’s the animal one with the whole ‘know what Lycan means’ thing.  Sorry, my brain hasn’t been running at full capacity lately.”
“Actually, I’m in veterinarian school,” Derek admitted, “so technically neither one right now.”
“Brad and I are the other type of vet,” Chris offered.  “We were in the Marine Corps.”
“Oh, my dad was a Marine…or is a Marine because once a Marine…”
“Always a Marine,” Brad and Chris finished for her.
“What about you?” Brit asked turning to Andrew.  “Are you a Marine, too?”
“I’m in the Air Force…active duty…” Andrew said, “but currently on leave.”
“Do you get to fly planes?  Aren’t you kind of tall for that?  I mean, I’ve heard there’s a height limit and you’re like a huge oak tree or something.”
“I fly jets and there’s a height requirement, actually.  My 6’4” comes in just under the top mark, so I’m good.”
“You mean short people can’t fly planes?  That sucks.”
“For them,” Ethan put in with a laugh.
“So what about women…?  Is there a law against women flying jets?”
“I know a lot of women pilots,” Andrew assured her.
“Just not short women pilots…”
“The range starts at 64 inches, so it’s not that stringent and, just like the weight requirement, it’s for safety reasons.”
“You mean short fat women can’t fly?” Brit asked in derision.
“If you want to be blunt about it then it’s short skinny women and men that can’t fly,” Andrew answered in resignation.
“Why would that make sense?”
“Because anyone coming in under 135 pounds might get injured when ejecting,” Andrew said before quickly switching the subject.  “So, Ethan, tell her what you do for a living.”
“Chicken man,” Brit muttered under her breath before turning to Ethan and dutifully asking, “What do you do for a living, Ethan?”
“Wow, Mike wasn’t exaggerating…you really are Amazon Brit,” Ethan said, admiration obvious in his voice.  “You know, I’m thinking we should change it to Bulldog Brit cuz you’re like a bulldog with a bone when you get started on something and it’s better alliteration.”
“Mike…?  Jay’s friend that lives here on the ranch, that Mike?  When did you talk to Mike and how the hell…heck…is he spreading my cousin’s nickname for me if Blake isn’t letting anybody speak to each other?”
“Blake lifted the ban on internet communication yesterday so Mike could send me instructions.  We got to chatting and he told me he met your cousins and…”
“Chatting…?  Sounds more like an old lady hen party to me.  Don’t you two have anything better to do than gossip about me?”
“Did I happen to mention that I’m a computer geek and my job is running the security software for Brad and Chris,” Ethan said in a desperate attempt to change the subject.  “My true love is programming, though.  Mike and I are working together to finish an action RPG…you know…role-playing game.”
“Again I say, chicken man.  Wait, why do Brad and Chris need security software?”
“We started up a security firm after we finished our tours,” Chris volunteered.  “Where did you get that Lycan Ladies thing?”
“It just popped into my head when Jay was telling me about…you know…stuff.”
“Jay, that’s your mate, right?” Brad asked.
“Do you know him?”
“Nah, we don’t know that many of the pack,” Brad said.  “We grew up in a small town in Texas and there weren’t any others around.”
“We know everybody who lives here at the ranch,” Andrew explained, “but apparently we never visited when Jay was here.”
“And we met some pack members in the Marines,” Chris added.
“Then how do you know about Jay?”
“Doc told us about him while he was warning Brad to play nice or else,” Ethan said chuckling.
“Well, you should certainly listen to…But…but I’m not doing anything, sweetheart…I swear,” Brit protested.
“I’m sorry…what…?” Chris asked in confusion.
“Oh, my bad,” Brit said in a sheepish voice.  “Sometimes I think I hear Jay talking to me…you know…like in my head…and I just answer without thinking about it.”
“You and your mate can talk in your heads?” Ethan asked in surprise.  “That’s awesome!”
“I thought only the Alpha and his mate could do that,” Derek said.  “I mean, most mates can feel each other’s emotions, but actually talking…?”
“What did he say?” Brad demanded.
“Nosey much?” Brit asked.
“Hey, I’m as fascinated by the possibilities as anybody,” Brad objected.
“It is of major interest to us,” Andrew said with apology in his voice, “but we understand if you would rather not share.”
“I’m probably just extrapolating from our previous conversation plus the feelings I’m getting from him right now, but loosely translated he said, ‘Brit, you promised.’”
“Extrapolating…?” Brad repeated.  “Who uses extrapolating in normal conversation?”
“Math majors, you idiot,” Brit said in annoyance.  “Look it up.  It’s a thing.”
“You’re a math major?” he asked in surprise.
“Are you implying that I’m a dumb blonde?” Brit asked in a deceptively soft voice.
“What did you promise him?” Andrew asked, redirecting the conversation.
“That I would keep my distance,” she replied, still glaring at Brad.
“From us…?” Ethan asked surprised.
“Sorry…?” Brit offered with a shrug.
“Ah…” Chris said nodding.
“Ah…?  What do you mean…ah?” Brit asked.
“He means you’re pretty damn h…” Brad began.
“Brad,” Andrew warned.
“I’m just sayin’,” Brad said with a shrug.
“You remember the jury still being out on the gentlemen part…?” Chris reminded his twin.
“Fine, I’ll tone down what I was about to say for Miss Prude…I mean of course, Miss Brit,” Brad said with a mischievous grin.  “Miss Brit,” he drawled, “you are quite an attractive young woman and no doubt your incredibly lucky mate realizes that the rest of the male population might find you totally irresistible.”
“Oh stuff it, Mister Arrogant-Obnoxious-Narcissistic-Think-You’re-Hot-Snot-When-You’re-Really-Cold-Boogers Britches,” Brit huffed.  “Miss Prude, indeed…I think not.  And you stuff it, too, smart ass…I mean smart alec.  It’s a good thing you’re hot and I love you.”
“Why thank you,” Brad said with a bow.
“Not you, Mister All-Those-Things-I-Said-Earlier Britches.”
“Talking to Jay again?” Derek asked.
“What’s the matter?  Doesn’t lover boy appreciate his hottie girlfriend cussin’?” Brad asked.
“I’m really beginning to dislike you,” Brit said.
“I’m crushed,” Brad replied grabbing at his heart.
“What did Jay say this time?” Ethan asked.
“It’s not so much what he said this time as feeling smug that I’m ticked off instead of enthralled.”
“Aw…was it something I said?” Brad asked.  “And who uses enthralled in normal conversation?”
“You’re such a smart ass…” Brit muttered once more glaring at Brad.
“You mean smart alec,” Brad reminded her.
“I said what I said.”

Glendale, California
Burger Binge

“Hey guys,” Samantha called out from the kitchen area.  “No night surfing?”
“Hey Sam,” all three of the young men at the counter hollered back at the same time.
“Nah,” Joey added waggling his eyebrows.  “We do other things at night.”
“I’m sure I don’t want to know.”
“Joey is only speaking for himself, Sam,” Bobby said eyeing him in displeasure.  “By the way, we had a great time at your house last night.  Glad you invited Thorne.  He’s a lot of fun.”
“Yeah, we should do that again tonight,” Roger chimed in.  “Spoons and pizza are always good.”
“Sorry, only on my days off,” Samantha said.  “Otherwise, I’m too beat to enjoy it.”
“That’s okay,” Joey said shrugging, “I’ve had enough anchovy smell to last me for like ever.  Right now, I’m kind of craving a binge buster.”
“Okay, hang on a sec and I’ll be right there to take your orders.”
“Where’s your bum of a cousin gotten to?” Joey asked as Samantha arrived at the front counter.
“He’s your cousin, too,” she pointed out.
“Tanner didn’t leave you all alone, did he?” Bobby asked in alarm.
“He and Tiff are cleaning the bathrooms,” Samantha answered as she picked up a pad and pencil.
“Together…?” Joey asked in surprise.
“They decided it would go faster if they each pitched in every night instead of alternating nights and doing the whole thing alone.”
“Smart,” Bobby acknowledged nodding.
“Now I’d pay good money to see Tiff scrubbing the pot,” Roger said with a laugh.
“That girl elbow deep in pee,” Joey said with a dreamy expression on his face.  “Count me in.”
“Lay off my sister,” Samantha warned.  “Don’t make me jump over the counter and teach all of you a lesson or I won’t be inviting any of you back to my house.”
“It wasn’t me,” Bobby protested with his hands in a defensive position in front of him.  “I didn’t say anything,”
“It’s okay, Sam,” Tiffany said from behind the trio as she slipped past them carrying her cleaning supplies.  “I know I deserve it.”
“No you don’t, you’ve been great lately,” Tanner contradicted as he approached the counter, mop and bucket in hand.  “Tell you what…I’ll hold them down while you have your way with them.”
“Actually, I wouldn’t mind having my way with Quarterback Bobby, but since he’s the only one that wasn’t bad-mouthing me, I suppose I’ll have to rein in my lust.  The other two don’t interest me.  I’d rather make out with a tapeworm.”
“That’s not exactly what I meant,” Tanner said with a chuckle, “and way too much information.”
“Prude,” Tiffany accused, laughing as she headed to the back to put away her supplies.
“I wouldn’t mind going out with…” Bobby began.
“No way,” Samantha cut him off quickly.
“Jealous?” Bobby asked grinning.
“You’re going off to college in the fall and you’re not leaving my sister behind with a broken heart.”
“Tiff with a broken heart,” Joey said in a wistful tone, “I’d pay…”
“Shut up, Joey,” all the others said simultaneously.
“Hey, I’m just saying…”
“Tiff learned her lesson, but I’m beginning to doubt that you ever will,” Tanner said with a sigh of resignation as he headed to the back to stow the cleaning supplies.
“We can dream, Cuz,” Samantha said before turning back to the others and asking, “So, what’ll it be?  And make it something easy because it’s almost closing time and I’ve got a lot of work to do.  That grill won’t clean itself.”
“And if any of you get within five feet of those bathrooms we just cleaned, you won’t live to see tomorrow,” Tanner called from the back.  “The bathroom habits of the male portion of the species…disgusting.”
“You’re a member of that part of the species, Tanner,” Roger reminded him.
“A reformed member,” Tanner hollered back.
“Now get to ordering,” Samantha demanded.  “We don’t have all night.”
“Man, are you two touchy or what,” Joey groused.
“You ain’t seen nothing yet,” Samantha warned.  “Now order before I change my mind and kick you out.”

Paris, France

“Anything, Alistair?”
“Sorry, Blake, not yet.”
“This is so frustrating,” Liam said.  “We’re just sitting around twiddling our thumbs while who knows what’s happening to that young man.”
“I am tasking every source of information available to me, Liam.”
“I know, Alistair.  You can’t find something that’s not there to find.”
“On the contrary, I believe it is there to find, I simply need to be more creative in my thinking.”
“Like…?”
“That is the million dollar question, is it not?  I shall ponder it and let you know when I have something.”
“In your opinion, Alistair, are we better served staying here in Paris for now or should we fly back to London?”
“Until we know for certain they have moved him out of the country, Blake, my vote would be stay here.”
“That was my thinking, also.”
“Well, I must be off…information to steal, spies to kill, and all that rot, you know.  I shall let myself out…ta-ta.”
As Alistair closed the door behind him, Liam said, “I guess that means more sniffing.”
“I am open to a better idea,” Blake prompted.
“I’ll check in with Mike to see if he’s come up with anything while I grab Jay and Alexandre,” Liam said with a resigned sigh.  “You know, I used to love the smell of a freshly baked croissant.  Life will never be the same.”
“For any of us,” Blake murmured.

Glendale, California
Wooded Area

“So there I was, getting the woman a refill, but I hadn’t heard Tanner say he had to go to the back and change the canister thingy with the fizzy stuff in it so I put the cup in place and pushed it into the lever that turns it on and it starts spitting sticky liquid everywhere…especially on me.  So there I am, a mess—it’s all down the front of my apron and dripping onto the floor and some of it is even in my eyes—and I kind of let out a little scream and Tanner comes running to see what’s wrong and slips on the puddles and slides right into me.  We both end up on the ground with me on top still wiping my stinging eyes and squeaking.  When I finally get my eyes to stop hurting, I realize that Tanner’s shaking beneath me and I panic thinking that he could have hit his head on the hard tile floor and was having some sort of seizure, but when I look down, he’s laughing.  So, in my best snotty voice, I ask what’s so funny and he helps me up and, instead of answering, asks if I have a job interview with the circus that just pulled into town.  I had no idea what he was talking about until I got to the bathroom to clean myself up.  Moral of the story, mascara is a total waste of time if you work at Burger Binge.”
Pausing for a full minute, she continued in a fake English accent, trying her best to imitate Grant’s, “Well, I thought the whole thing was quite amusing, but apparently, you don’t.”
After another full minute of silence, during which time she remained quietly perched on her favorite branch in her favorite tree listening for any type of response, Tiffany continued in a casual voice, “It’s been almost a week since our encounter of the weird kind.  Are you going to continue to pretend that you’re not out there listening to my ramblings every night?”
No reply.
Every evening after work, ever since Stephanie had accepted her apology and she’d come clean to the police detective and her parents, Tiffany had jogged miles after work to her private meditation spot in the hopes of meeting up with Grant again.  However, so far…no luck.  
At first, she simply sat on her normal branch and listened for any sign that someone else was around but, after the first two nights of nothing, she’d become bored and started talking to him as if he were really there, telling him about her day.
Still…nothing.
Although she couldn’t have said why it was important to her, for some reason, she felt the overwhelming need to see Grant again…to speak to him…to hear his calm and reasonable voice telling her that everything would be okay because she was trying her best.  And she really was trying, even if not always succeeding.
“Why does life have to be so hard?” she muttered.
And with that, she launched into a rant about her fellow cheerleaders giving another poor unfortunate soul a hard time while at cheerleading practice the previous day.  The girls decided to meet at Ashley’s house, since she had the best lawn for tumbling and stunts.  It had been Tiffany’s one day off for that week and they insisted that she be there so they could get some group practice in before camp.
A young girl had been out walking her dog and the dog had left a ‘gift’ on Ashley’s front lawn.  Before the girl could get it cleaned up, Ashley and company had attacked her.
“So, nothing unusual,” Tiffany concluded.  “Well, except for the fact that I stood up to them and defended the poor girl they were picking on, pointing out that she was carrying a poopy-scoopy—which sounds better than pooper-scooper, don’t you think, well, I do anyway, because you don’t scoop pooper, although I suppose you could argue that a scoopy isn’t a thing either, but you can hardly go around calling it a poopy-scooper since that doesn’t have the right ring to it…oh, I’ve got it, we’ll just call it a poop-scoop—so as I was saying before I so rudely interrupted myself, the girl was carrying a poop-scoop and a bag and had no intention of leaving the sh…um…mess, so since they didn’t like their fun spoiled, they decided to turn their venom on me instead.  All in a days work for a super hero, don’t you think?”
Silence.
Once again, trying out her English accent, she added, “Quite the doo-doo about nothing, I would say.”
Waiting a beat, she said in a frustrated tone, “Oh come on, that’s some of my best work.  Not even a quiet chuckle…?  Really…?”
And again…silence.
“Well, this is me sighing heavily,” she said in resignation as she found her familiar footholds and began climbing down.  “That’s okay…just ignore me…everyone else does.  When they’re not picking on me, that is.”
Reaching the ground without incident, Tiffany turned dispiritedly away from the tree and took off jogging for home feeling more alone than ever.

Wednesday, June 13th

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Quort’s Bedroom

“Come on, Quort, you know you love a rousing game of spoons,” Brit coaxed.  “You can teach Georgia how to play.  It’ll be fun.”
“Georgia doesn’t want to play.”
“How do you know if you don’t ask her?”
“I just know.”
“Then she can watch.”
“I don’t feel like playing either.”
“Where did fun Quort go?”
“Fun Quort thinks eating with spoons is more fun than playing with spoons.  I don’t have the energy to do both.  That said, it’s all futile because…”
“There is no spoon,” Brit said in resignation.  “Fine, we’ll play without you.”
As soon as she shut the door to Quort’s room, she heard the familiar voice in her head.
“I’m trying, Jay, really I am, but I’m not getting anywhere.  Quort and Georgia just want to be left alone and I’m beginning to think maybe Georgia is a good influence on him.  He seems…different…more mature, and yes I realize I just used mature to describe Quort, but it’s true…the guy is changing right before my very eyes.”
She listened for a moment and then said, “Yes, I’m still going to play spoons with some of the Atwood boys, but only because I set it up to get Quort involved and it wouldn’t be right to cancel.  They’re stuck here with nothing much else to do but take turns patrolling.  No, they don’t live in the house.  Apparently, there’s a bunkhouse around here that I haven’t seen yet.  Three bunkhouses…?  Wow…color me impressed.”
Another minute of silence and she assured him, “Don’t worry; it’s not Brad or Ethan today so there won’t be any bloody murder involved.  Damn if Brad isn’t Nick all over again, but don’t worry, I can handle him.  Oh my gosh, is that disapproval I’m feeling from you?  How the hell can you tell I’m using bad language?  Anyway, Ethan is a lot like Quort, or how Quort used to be, and doesn’t mean anything by it, but it gets old fast.  The rest are very polite and well-behaved.”
Once more, she was quiet before saying, “I love you, too.”

Blake’s Study

As Brit made her way to her room, Dr. Minsk, one floor below in Blake’s study, exhaled slowly.
From her chair near the window, Dawn glanced up from her book and asked, “What is it?”
“The two are now having full-blown conversations.”
“Are they aware?”
“I would say, on the cusp.  Miss Macintosh is speaking aloud in complex and complete sentences, but she believes it is more a soliloquy, simply conveying the emotions behind it to Jay.”
“That is truly amazing.  I wonder why they have that ability.”
“Actually, I called Mason and together we have researched a few possible hypotheses.”
“Mason…he’s your historian friend at Oxford, right?”
“Yes, and I believe we may have hit upon at least one plausible explanation.”
“Is it something you can share?”
“As a matter of fact, it is.  I believe that Trey Macintosh is a direct descendant of the first Alpha anchor’s family.”
“So, possibly a brother or sister of the first Alpha anchor…?”
“That is a possibility, or perhaps the child from her previous marriage.”
“She’d been married before?”
“That is what I grew up believing.  Of course, it is all word of mouth and pure speculation since no currently living shapeshifter was alive during that time and records are sketchy at best, but we tracked as far back in recorded history as I could go and I believe it to be true.”
“Oh my,” Dawn said with a small laugh.  “That’s funny.”
“What is, my dear?”
“That means that Brit and Blake are related.”
For a moment, Minsk closed his eyes as he pondered that revelation before suggesting in a mildly amused tone, “Perhaps that is information best kept under wraps for the moment.”
“You don’t want to give Brit any extra ammunition when dealing with the Alpha…?”
“Precisely.”
“Probably a wise move on your part.  Brit with a taste of Alpha power could prove quite…daunting.”
“Indeed.”

Quort’s Bedroom

“Why are you so afraid of letting someone close to you, Quort?”
“You don’t have to worry about me, Georgia, I’ve got plenty of friends.”
“I’ve seen you with Brit and you never let her see the real you.”
“Brit’s seen me in a Speedo and let me tell you, that was way too real for her.  And it wasn’t something she wants to see ever again.”
“There you go, making jokes.  I’m serious, Quort.  You know all about how to start up and run a business, but for some reason, Brit seems to think you’re a dimwit.”
“I’m a business major, thanks to my Dad…heavy sarcasm intended…of course I know business stuff.”
“I could take business courses till the cows come home and I still would have no idea how to do any of that.  It all sounds so complicated.  I guess it just isn’t my thing.”
“The cows escaped?  Does your rancher boss know that?”
“Very funny.”
“Business isn’t my thing, either.  It’s all Dad.  He’s determined his sons will join his company.  My older brother already has and, oh joy, I’m next.”
“That’s it, isn’t it…you’re trying so hard not to be your father that you go out of your way to hate everything you associate with him…even if you like it.”
“Can you blame me?  I’ve told you what he’s like.”
“You have and as hard as you try not to be like him, you’ve ended up exactly like him in one very important way.”
“No I haven’t,” Quort denied before asking, “What way?”
“You only have empty relationships with women.”
“Oh, I don’t know…I think I fill ’em up pretty well.  At least that’s what they tell me.”
“Have you ever tried actually getting to know any of them to see if you could have something going for the relationship other than just sex?”
“No, because that’s all there is.  Nothing lasts, so why pretend that it could.”
“That’s not true, you know.”
“It is in my world.”
“Your world sounds lonely.”
“Yeah, well, maybe that’s the way I like it.  So do you want help with this stuff or not?”
“I do.”
“Then let’s get your business plan done so I can go back to being the resident womanizing dumbass jackass that the world thinks I am.”
“Quort…”
“So here’s what you need to do to get your restaurant started…”

Dumfries, Scotland
Freddie’s Bedroom

“Seriously…?” Deana exclaimed in disbelief.  “All of this has been going on for almost a thousand years and no one knows anything about it?”
“Well, almost no one.”
“And you were stuck in the middle of everything,” she said shaking her head in amazement.
“I did a lot of things that I deeply regret.”
“You were a child, Freddie…you weren’t responsible for what your father…I mean fake father…forced you to do.  I think you were brave and creative to come up with a way to avoid giving your…er…that monster Carrington information that could have resulted in innocent lives lost.  And it was also very self-sacrificing of you to take the beatings rather than cooperate with him.”
“I am not the hero and martyr you seem to think I am.”
“You were raised for one purpose and one purpose only and yet you somehow managed to grow up into a decent man with a conscience.”
“That wasn’t my doing,” Freddie admitted with more than a bit of discomfiture.
“What do you mean?  Was there someone else in your life that helped raise you?”
“In a way.”
“You’re acting awfully strange, Freddie.  What’s going on?”
“There is something that I haven’t told you and I’m not sure how you’re going to react.”
“Is it bad?”
“It’s…well…it’s a bit hard to believe.”
“I’ve been searching for a shapeshifter for a decade, Freddie.  Trust me when I say I’m a believer.”
“It’s not just that.  I fear you will think that I made it up because of what Doctor Minsk told me about you, but I swear it happened to me, too.”
“You know Doctor Minsk?  My psychiatrist…?”
“He is one of the shapeshifters.”
For a moment, Deana was silent and Freddie watched the play of emotions on her face in trepidation.  He hadn’t meant to mention Doctor Minsk, but perhaps it was best she know before seeing him again…if they ever regained their freedom, which looked to be a huge ‘if’ at that moment.
Finally settling on resignation, Deana sighed and said, “I suppose it could have been worse.”
“How so?”
“He could have been a member of the Society.”
“I hadn’t thought of that.  Perhaps that is why he did it…to keep the Society from establishing a foothold in your mind.”
“So the prim and proper Doctor Minsk violated doctor/patient privilege…?”
“Ironically, he decided that was the best way to gain my trust, although, he admitted his doubts as to the wisdom of it.”
“What did he tell you?”
“He said you heard voices telling you to keep looking for the shapeshifter.”
“Just one voice…a woman’s voice…and it was always in my dreams.  I assumed it was my subconscious telling me not to give up.”
“After my mother’s death, a woman began talking to me in my dreams, too, teaching me right from wrong.”
“So that’s how you turned out so differently from what the Society wanted.”
“And that is why you continued your relentless pursuit of the shapeshifter.”
“You don’t think…I mean…that would be too much of a coincidence…”
“The same voice in both of our heads…?  Perhaps, but we are both here now.  Is that a coincidence?”
“But who was she?  Who would have spoken to both of us?  We didn’t know each other or have anything in common.”
“Didn’t we?”
“I suppose you could say we were both involved with the shapeshifters in one way or another,” Deana conceded.  “Do you have any idea who she was?”
“You remember the part of the story I just told you about Liss and Bealu?”
“Please tell me it’s Liss and not Bealu messing with my head,” Deana begged.
“That is what Doctor Minsk thinks, so when she told me to go back to France and it would lead me to you, I didn’t question her.”
“Wait a minute…she’s still talking to you?”
“She isn’t still talking to you?”
“Not for years.”
“That is…wait…I hear something…”
“What is it?”
“Is someone staying in the next room?”
“I am.”
“No…on the other side.”
“I don’t think so.  Vinnie told me he lived here alone and I’ve never had a reason to try any other doors on the hallway—or the freedom to do so, come to think of it—until you showed up.”
 “Someone is moving around in that room.”
“I don’t hear anything,” Deana replied, forehead scrunched in concentration.  “Wait…yes I do.  Someone is definitely in there.”
“Stay here while I…” Freddie began as he pulled the blankets back and tried to get out of bed.
“Oh no, you don’t,” Deana warned grabbing the covers and pulling them back over his legs, “the doctor told Vinnie you were on strict bed rest until further notice.”
“That is simply so I won’t try to escape.”
“You can barely stand.  I hardly think anyone is worried about attempted escapes.  I’ll go see what’s happening next door.”
“But…”
“Either I go or we both sit here, staring at each other, while we slowly die of curiosity.”
“My interest has nothing to do with curiosity.  I’m concerned for your safety.”
“Then I’ll go see to satisfy you that I am perfectly safe.”
“That rather defeats the purpose of my attempts to try and keep you safe.”
“There’s no danger here, Freddie.  I wish I could convince you of that.”
“You said you didn’t believe Vincent either, so…”
“I don’t fully believe him.  However, I don’t think he would hurt me.  I’ll be right back.”
“Deana…” Freddie began, but she was already in the hallway.
By the time five minutes had elapsed, Freddie was a nervous wreck, worrying that Deana hadn’t returned yet.  Another two minutes, and he was about to get out of bed to investigate when she finally returned.
“What did Vincent say?”
“He said there’s to be another visitor and he’s preparing her room.  Her name is Mary.”
“Is Mary a prisoner, too?”
“You still think we’re prisoners?”
“Don’t you?”
“I’m not sure, I mean, I can roam the house now.  Doesn’t that make a difference to your opinion of Vinnie?  Even a little bit…?”
“You can roam parts of the house, but you still can’t go outside,” Freddie pointed out.  “You told me that he added extra locks to all the exterior doors and the windows are all barred.”
“I just don’t want to think badly of Vinnie,” Deana said with more than a trace of despair in her voice.  “I want to believe he’s protecting us.”
Noticing the tears in her eyes, Freddie’s expression softened.
“I’m sorry, Deana.  It’s not my intention to add to your pain.”
“It’s okay…I’m fine.”
“Did he say anything else about our visitor?”
“He asked me if I would mind helping him take care of her as there are certain proprieties to observe.”
“What did he mean by that?”
“I don’t know, but apparently I’ll find out tonight because that’s when she arrives.”

Glendale, California
Wooded Area

“Okay, look, here’s the deal.  I really want to talk to you…not just talk at you.  I’m scared and lonely and sometimes it’s so hard to be good…assuming that’s what I’ve been doing…apparently I’m not the best judge of that…and I could really use a friend right about now…not that I’m assuming we’re friends, but you said we were and now you’re not here and how is that being a friend exactly…?  And, besides all of that, you knew stuff about my family that you shouldn’t know and maybe that’s why you’re avoiding me, because you know I’m not going to let that drop.  Do you hear me?  I’m talking to you.  Oh, never mind.  I just want you to know that I’m not coming back here anymore because it’s too depressing to constantly be reminded of the only person that ever claimed to be my friend even though you’re not acting much like one and, by the way, thanks so much for ruining the only place I’ve ever been able to call my own, because now I can’t even stand to…”
“I am here, my Tiffany,” the calm, deep, and proper English voice she couldn’t seem to get out of her head said from behind her.
“It’s you,” she whispered, closing her eyes tightly to keep the sudden dampness from spilling out and onto her cheeks.  “You really are here.”
“I am.”
“Where the hell have you been?” she demanded, pretending anger in order to stifle the sudden urge to bawl in relief.
“Turn around and I will answer your question.”
“That’s okay, I’m good.”
“Are you still unprepared to face me?”
“Maybe.”
“Open your eyes and turn around, my Tiffany.”
“What if you’re still mad at me?”
“Many people have labeled me mad over the years, but I can assure you, I have never been angry with you.”
“People think you’re crazy?” Tiffany asked in astonishment as she spun around to face him.  “Why?”
“That explanation must wait for another time.  Suffice it to say, I have given them good reason.”
“You don’t look or sound like a madman to me,” Tiffany said as she studied his face in the moonlight.  “Although, I have to say, your beard does give you a type of reckless devil-may-care aura.”
“I have been accused of devilry many times, also.”
“Oh, do tell.”
“Perhaps, when we know each other better.”
“Is that something that’s likely to happen?”
“If you wish.”
“Okay, I admit this is new territory for me, this whole caring what other people want thing, but don’t we both need to wish it?”
“I do wish it.”
“Well, so do I…wish it, that is.”
“Then it is decided.”
“Alrighty then…do I get the first question?”
“Instead of questions, what if we each volunteer information.”
“You don’t want to answer my questions?”
“I did not say that.”
“Maybe not, but that’s how it sounds.”
“Ask your first question.”
“How do you know who I am?”
“We have mutual acquaintances.”
“You know Rick, don’t you,” Tiffany accused.  “That’s our mutual acquaintance and that’s why you didn’t say mutual friends, because you know he and I aren’t friends.”
“I have never met the man face to face.”
“So you’ve talked on the phone…?”
“No.”
“Texting…Instant Message…email…?”
“No.”
“Then how do you know him?”
“We have mutual acquaintances.”
“What mutual acquaintances?” Tiffany exploded in frustration.
“Is it not my turn to ask a question?”
“You haven’t answered mine yet, so no, it’s not.”
“I did answer…”
“Just so you know, we Macintosh women aren’t easily distracted or manipulated.”
“So I see.”
“You may as well answer, because I’m not letting this drop.”
“Your father asked our mutual acquaintance for help in protecting his family once he realized there could be danger involved.”
“Dad knew this type of thing could happen…?  And he didn’t tell any of us?”
“Blake, our mutual acquaintance, thought it best.  Now, I believe it is my turn to ask a question.”
“Blake…?  Who’s that?”
“As I said, it is now my turn.”
“Okay, fine…shoot.”
“Do you really believe that everyone is picking on you?”
“Yes…well, no…but a lot of people are.  It’s okay, though, because I deserve it.”
“I believe people should always focus on the positive rather than the negative.  At least, inasmuch as we are able.”
“So you think I should ignore the taunting?”
“I have never known negativity to help anyone.  If you develop a poor self-image, it may eventually lead to giving up.”
“You mean like, since everyone already thinks it, why fight it?”
“Exactly, and I do not want that for you.”
“I promise I’ll think only good thoughts.  How’s that?”
“Excellent.”
“Cool, because now it’s mine turn again.”
“Ask away, my persistent friend.”
“Oh man, that brings up another question.  There are so many things running around in my head that I want to ask, I can’t figure out which one to go with first.”
“Do not do yourself an injury,” Grant said smiling slightly.  “We have time.”
“Do you promise not to disappear on me again?”
“I promise.”
“Wait…wait…wait just a doggone minute…”
“Something has occurred to you,” Grant stated, nodding.  “I wondered how long it would take.”
“Have you been following me?”
“Yes.”
“Well, that certainly explains a lot.”
“You are not angry?”
“More like weirded out.”
“I understand.”
“So you saw…you know…?”
“About your complicated relationship with Cliff…?”
“I never…you know…actually…did anything with him.”
“I am aware.”
“I guess you want to know why I was with that idiot.”
“That is not my business.”
“I just wanted to feel…wanted,” Tiffany said finishing on a painful whisper.
“Empty relationships frequently leave one feeling even more alone and I say that not as a judgment on you, but myself.”
“You did the same thing?”
“I did much worse.”
“You really do understand me, don’t you?”
“I believe so, yes.  Now, what shall I ask?”
“But I…”
“You have already utilized your opportunity…thrice.  It is now my turn to pose a query.”
“What?  No…I didn’t…”
“You asked for reassurance, which I freely bestowed.  You asked if I have been following you, and I responded.  You asked if I truly understand you…asked and answered.”
“But those weren’t informational questions, they were…”
“Nothing was established regarding the types of questions one may ask, therefore all questions must count.”
“You are such a pain in the…”
“So I have been told,” Grant broke in.  “Now, for my next question…”

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Quort’s Bedroom

“So when is Freddie coming back?”
“I told you his parents took him home.”
“Bummer for him,” Quort frowned.  “They’re worse than mine and that’s saying something.  Do you think they’ll let him come back?”
“I doubt it.”
“Man, I’ll miss that dude.  We really hit it off.  Now who am I going to talk Sci-Fi with?”
“Not me,” Brit replied shuddering.
“What about Jay and Dee…?  Dee always listens to me, even when she isn’t interested.  You know, they’ve been gone a long time.”
“Not that long,” Brit hedged.  “I’m sure they’ll be back soon.”
“You know you’re a lousy liar, right?”
“I don’t…”
“I’ve asked Georgia, but every time I mention them to her she scrunches up her face and looks like she’s about to cry or something.  Not that it isn’t the cutest thing ever, but I can tell something is bothering her, and I can’t get her to talk about it.  And while we’re at it, where the hell is my phone and why won’t anyone let me borrow one?  And why can’t I leave my room unless someone is with me?  And what’s up with that creepy doctor…I mean, his wife seems normal, but he’s all looking and sounding like the homicidal butlers you see on those old British movies.  And why won’t anybody tell me where we are?  And why didn’t you have me flown to a hospital?  I know the rancher here owns some private planes and has his own airfield because Georgia let it slip once.  I mean, I could have died.”
“Paranoid much…?”
“I’m not paranoid…well, not about this, anyway.  There is something weird going on around here and I know that you know what it is.  So are you going to answer me or what?”
“If you ever took a breath now and then, I might be able to.”
“Okay, fine…I’m taking a breath now…and go…”
“Well, you see…it’s…oh, darn the luck, I hear Dawn calling me.  I’ll be right back.”
“Don’t you dare leave me, Bit Knee Macintosh.  Come back here…”

Paris, France
Guys’ Hotel Room

“I have done all I can,” Alistair said.  “Nothing is showing up on satellite, at the airports, or on the docks.  Either no one saw anything or they are simply refusing to talk.”
“I’m not having any luck online, either,” Mike added.
“Damn!” Liam muttered.
“I must take my leave.  MI6 needs me in…another country.”
“Go, Alistair…do what you must,” Blake said.  “We’ll continue our search.”
“And if nothing turns up?”
“Back to London.”
“The Society was much better organized this time.  I fear they learned their lesson at Carrington’s castle too well.” 
“So much for thinking outside the box,” Liam said with a shrug.
“I tried…”Alistair began then stopped abruptly before murmuring, “The box…that could be the answer…”
“You have an idea,” Alexandre noted.
“Perhaps,” Alistair admitted.  “Time will tell if it is a good idea.”
“Not sharing?”
“I shall let you know as soon as I know…ta-ta.”
“I’ll walk you out,” Blake offered.
“You should just use ttfn,” Mike said as the door closed behind the two of them.
At Alexandre’s skeptical look, Mike said, “What…?  It’s a thing.”
“What’s ttfn?” Alexandre asked.
“Ta-ta for now.”
“Why would he add superfluous words?  The ‘for now’ is implied.”
“Or is it?”
“The conversation is definitely deteriorating,” Alexandre noted.  “We need to find Freddie as soon as possible or I fear the worst.”
“You mean, we need to find Freddie asap, don’t you?” Mike asked.
“I think I’ll go sniff more croissants,” Liam said shaking his head.
“See what you’ve driven him to…?” Mike asked Alexandre.  “Sniffing croissants…”
“I’m right behind you,” Jay said following Liam out the door.
“Wait for me,” Alexandre called.
“What…?  I took my shower this morning,” he said sniffing his armpits.  “At least, I think that was this morning.  Oh well, now that I’m alone, time for room service.”
“Think again,” came Blake’s voice from far away.
“Come on, Blake, I’m a growing boy.  Besides, I’m probably going to pull an all-nighter.”
“I’ll send something up.”
“Thanks, man.  My stomach thanks you.”
There was no reply, but Mike hadn’t expected one.  It was Blake, after all.
Turning happily to his computer screen, he pulled up more security footage and settled in for a long night of pictures.

Thursday, June 14th

Dumfries, Scotland
Freddie’s Bedroom

“How is the new addition doing, Deana?”
“Same as when she arrived yesterday.  At first I thought she was drugged up, but now I’m thinking that she’s in a coma.”
“A coma!” Freddie repeated in shock.  “Why isn’t she in hospital?”
“I asked the same thing.”
“And…?”
“Vinnie won’t say.”
“Is that why you look so…distracted and concerned all at the same time?”
“That’s part of it.”
“Deana, please tell me what is bothering you.  I can see that something is.”
“Someone said…I think it was Vinnie, but I’m not sure…anyway, somebody told me that Brit had wolf marks on her that proved she was a wolf’s mate.  I was a bit drugged up when I first got here, but I think he said that’s why your fa…why Carrington stopped…well…messing with her and suddenly decided it was time to leave.”
“That fits with what Brit told me,” Freddie agreed.  “He must have known the Alpha would be able to locate her.”
“And the marks, they’re in a very private spot, right?”
“Over the heart towards the left side…information I’ve managed to glean from various sources.  Apparently, they also take in part of the left breast.”
“Wolf claw marks…?”
“Yes, although they appear from the inside; the wolves don’t physically mark their mates with their claws.  Something in their blood stirs for their mate.”
“Mary has them,” Deana whispered.
“She’s a wolf’s mate?”
“I think so.”
“That can’t be a coincidence.”
“Freddie, I’m scared.  What if the wolves come?”
“The wolves won’t hurt you, Deana.  They are trying to rescue you.”
“I know…but Vinnie might hurt them.”
“You’ve changed your mind about him?”
“I want to believe in him…that he’s a good man, but how can I when he’s keeping a wolf’s mate here in a coma.”
“I agree.  Are you ready to leave this place now?”
“We can’t leave Mary.”
“Of course she goes with us.”
“Okay, but how?  I can’t pick any of the new locks and we couldn’t carry her even if we could get out of here.”
“That does not matter.  Now that we have a wolf’s mate here, the Alpha will find us.  I am sure of it.”

Glendale, California
Burger Binge

“Samantha Martha,” a voice called from the front counter.
“Winston Churchill, as I live and breathe,” Samantha retorted with a southern drawl, fanning her face with her hand.
“Get a room already,” Tiffany muttered.
“Hey Tiff, why don’t you come back here and practice flipping burgers while I wait on Thorne?”
“Really, Sam…?” Tiffany asked in surprise.  “You’ll let me cook?”
“I’ve only got two small orders, so you should be fine.  Just remember what I taught you.”
“Cool!”
As the two switched places, Tanner grinned at Tiffany from the window.
“You go, girl!”
“That was nice,” Thorne said as Samantha joined him at the counter.
“She’s been good…no big deal.  So, what’s up?”
“I just thought I would drop in for a binge buster combo and, at the same time, thank you for inviting me to your house last Monday.  The guys are all really cool and I’d never played spoons before.”
“It’s something Dad taught us when we were little to keep us occupied when it was rainy and we were bored.  Four girls with too much time on their hands is a disaster in the making, I can tell you.”
“Well, I can tell you, that game is definitely not boring.”
“So, you should come over next Monday for some more spoons and pizza.”
“Is it like an every Monday thing for you?”
“It is now.  Monday is our only regular day off and we’re too tired to think of anything original.”
“Order out,” Tiffany called in glee from behind the counter.  “Come check it out, Sam, and see if I did it right.”
“Don’t go away, Thorne, I’ll be right back.”
“Wild horses couldn’t drag me away,” he said laughing.
“Okay,” Tiffany said in anticipation as her sister joined her, “so it was a binge buster, cut the tomatoes, and a large order of fries.  What do you think?”
After looking it over, Samantha smiled and said, “Looks like you’re a cook, Tiff.”
“Awesome!”
“Why don’t you start another binge buster combo, all the way, with onion rings and I’ll have the ticket for you in a minute.”
“Sure thing, boss!  I won’t let you down.”
As Samantha took the tray and turned to deliver it to one of the only two customers in the place, she murmured, “And I’m finally beginning to believe that.”

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Quort’s Bedroom

“Georgia, please help me figure out what’s going on around here.”
“Wh…what do you mean?”
“I think you know exactly what I mean.  And don’t you start calling me paranoid…I get enough of that from Brit.”
“Um…I’m not sure…”
“Okay,” Quort conceded, “I’ll give you specific examples of the weirdness around here and then you can try to tell me I’m paranoid.”
“I don’t think you’re paranoid.”
“Great, then find me a phone so I can call Jay…or even my parents.  That would be a good start.”
Instantly, tears welled up in Georgia’s eyes and she turned to leave.
“Wait!  Don’t go.  Please don’t go.  Why are you crying?  Tell me what’s happened.  Please!”
“Your father…he was… he’s…dead,” she finished on a whisper.  “I’m so sorry.”
“My father is dead?” Quort repeated in disbelief.  “How do you know that?”
Turning back towards the bed, Georgia swiped at her eyes with the back of her hand and continued in a gentle tone, “I heard Blake telling Jay over the phone.”
“Blake…that’s your rancher boss, right?”
Georgia nodded.
“So Blake is talking to Jay?  Does he know when Jay will be back?  Wait, I thought you said Blake wasn’t here.”
“He’s not.”
“Then how could you overhear him talking to Jay on the phone?”
Helplessly shrugging her shoulders, Georgia couldn’t think of anything to say to fix the mess she’d made.  She wanted to tell Quort everything, that she’d heard the conversation before Jay arrived and they both left, but she was afraid of what would happen if she did.  The wolves had always warned her about the consequences of telling anyone not already aware of their existence…she could be killed along with everyone else at the ranch, just like her mother and father had been, slaughtered in their own home…but she felt she could trust Quort more than anyone else she’d ever met.  
She was so confused!
And what if Quort hated her for keeping the secret from him for so long…?  What if he never wanted to see her again…?  She really cared about him, and not just because he was willing to help her realize her dream of owning a restaurant.  If he rejected her, she didn’t know what she’d do.  It was too horrible to contemplate.
“Georgia…Georgia…” Quort said snapping his fingers in front of her, trying to get her attention.
“I’m sorry, but I can’t tell you anything,” Georgia cried.  “Bad things could happen…like your father dying.”
“It’s debatable whether or not that’s a bad thing.”
At Georgia’s horrified look, Quort shrugged and said, “What can I say?  He wasn’t a very nice guy.”
“But he was your father.”
“An accident of birth…”
Shaking her head in despair, Georgia turned and fled the room.

Paris, France
Blake’s Hotel Room

“Blake, are you where we can we talk?”
“Go ahead, Alistair.”
“Good news…I have a lead for you.”
“I’m listening.”
“One of my contacts in Paris remembered something odd at Orly the day the young man was taken.”
“Why did they not mention this earlier?”
“My parameters were not broad enough, so I broadened them.  Thinking outside the box, I believe Liam said, and I did.  Actually, I began thinking about a box.”
“What did they see?”
“Three caskets loaded onto a PAIT Airways jet.”
“What made them suspicious?”
“Two of them seemed perfectly legit; the third, however, had holes where holes should not be.”
“The occupant was not dead.”
“So it would seem.  I am sending what details I have to Mike.”
“Where was the jet headed?”
“London.”

Glendale, California
Wooded Area

“I got a raise!” Tiffany yelled as she ran towards Grant.  “Can you believe it?  And the manager even said I was the most improved employee he’s ever had.  Of course, that means I was the worst to start with, but I’ll take it…even if it is only twenty-five cents an hour more than I was making.  I mean, when he called me back to his cubby hole of an office, I thought he was finally going to fire me, but instead I got a raise so yay me!”
“I am proud of you, my Tiffany.”
“So, what should we do to celebrate?”
“What would you like to do?”
“I don’t know…order pizza or something…or maybe that’s not such a good idea, I mean…do you even eat pizza?  You don’t much look or act like a pizza loving type of guy.”
“Of course I eat pizza.  It is a universal.”
“Where would we have it delivered?”
“Hmm…good point…”
“We could go pick it up.”
“We could.”
“Why don’t you ever come into the Burger Binge?”
“Do they serve pizza?”
“You know what I’m asking and why.  We always meet here where no one can see us.  It’s like you don’t want to be seen with me in public.”
“I cannot afford to be seen with you in public.”
“What do you mean?  Is it because you’re old and I’m only seventeen?  I promise you won’t get into trouble.  I mean, Steph is only seventeen and she’s about to get married to a guy a lot older than she is.”
“It has nothing to do with that.”
“Are you going to tell me or do I have to keep guessing because I’ve got to tell you, the more I think about it, the madder…I mean angrier…I get.”
“Do you know why your sister was the one the man attempted to kidnap?”
“Because I gave them the information to kidnap her…duh.”
“You were the easier target.”
“Yeah, maybe, but kidnapping me wouldn’t have cause Rick to lose even an hour of sleep.”
“You are wrong about Rick, but even so, Rick was not the only target.”
“Who else were they trying to get to?”
“I am also a target, as are many others.”
“You…?  But what does that mean?  Are you safe?”
“I am not the one at risk.”
“I don’t understand.”
“To get to Rick, they kidnapped someone he cared for deeply.”
“So, to get to you, they would kidnap…?  Who would they kidnap?”
“You.”
“Me?  Why me?”
“If they had seen us together they would have assumed that I cared for you and tried to kidnap you, also.”
“Okay, so that’s why you stayed hidden.  I get that.  But, if that’s the case, why didn’t you stay hidden that night that I…well…you know…”
“You needed me.”
“That’s it…?  That’s all it took?”
“That is all it took.”
“Well, then…thank you…just in case I’ve never said that before.  That makes me feel all warm inside…like I’m somebody special.”
“You are most welcome…and you are somebody special.”
“So, do you think those people are out there watching us right now?”
“No one is in our general vicinity at this moment.”
“That’s a relief.  Do you always know when someone else is around?”
“I am ever vigilant.”
“That means that we can’t be seen together like…ever…?”
“For now.”
“So, what do we do to celebrate?”                                                   
“I will allow you to play twenty questions.”
“Wow, that’s generous of you.  You hate twenty questions.  That makes me feel even more special.”
“Normally, I do dislike twenty questions, and you are very special, however, there is a catch.”
“A catch…?  I’m not going to like this ‘catch’, am I?”
“As far as ‘catches’ go, it is fairly innocuous.  Allow me to ask one question to begin our session and, after that, you may commence with your interrogation.”
“Interrogation…?  Don’t mince your words, do you,” Tiffany said with a laugh.  “Okay, you’re on.  What’s your one question, and you better make it a good one because I’m just getting warmed up.”
“What’s your relationship with your eldest sister, Brittany?”
“Well, you certainly don’t pull your punches.”
“This topic is a sensitive subject?”
“It’s a bit complicated.”
“I am listening.”
“Basically, I’ve worshipped the ground Brit walked on for most of my life,” Tiffany admitted.  “I didn’t just want to be like her, I wanted to be her.  I mean, I knew that was impossible, but it was like this ache inside of me.  Everybody loved her and it wasn’t because she was sappy sweet or anything, she always said whatever was on her mind and she was like this fierce Amazon that wasn’t afraid of anything.  Amazon Brit, our cousins called her, and she was awesome!  But every time I tried to be like her it ended in disaster.  People hated me.”
“And that was where you went wrong,” Grant said in a gentle voice.  “You are Tiffany and you should always be Tiffany.  Trying to imitate someone else never ends well.”
“Nobody liked Tiffany.”
“How do you know if you have always emulated your sister?”
“I wasn’t trying to be Brit in kindergarten, but that didn’t end well, so that’s when I decided to be different.”
“What happened in kindergarten?”
“Long story short, I made a comment that hurt somebody’s feelings and it just went downhill from there.”
“Did you intend to inflict pain?”
“Of course not,” Tiffany replied with indignation.  “I was five…I didn’t even know I could hurt anybody’s feelings.”
“Ah…I see.”
“What do you see?”
“You have an all-or-nothing personality so instead of learning from your unintentional mistake and attempting to do better the next time, in your confusion as to what you had done wrong, you decided to try and be your sister instead.  That accomplished two goals.  Firstly, you didn’t have to decipher any confusing social situations because all you had to do was ask yourself, what would Brit do, and follow suit.  Secondly, you no longer had to worry about how people would react to you because it was no longer you blundering, it was, in effect, your sister committing the faux pas.”
For a moment, Tiffany was silent as she mulled over the last twelve years of her life with a new perspective.  Social situations had certainly confused her as she was growing up and she’d spent a lot of time channeling Brit in order to cope.  It had been even more confusing when her classmates had reacted differently than she’d seen Brit’s classmates react to her.  Why hadn’t they liked Tiffany just as everyone liked Brit?
“How can I be myself when I don’t even know who that is?”
“If you will allow me, I shall join you on your journey of discovery.”
“Why would you want to?”
“Because I once embarked on such a journey myself, many years ago, and it was extremely difficult and hard to navigate without help.”
“Did you have help?”
“One man took the time to accompany me on my voyage and I have been forever grateful for his assistance.  He quite literally saved my life, such as it is.”
“I’m glad,” Tiffany offered in a tentative voice, “because that meant you were there to save my life, such as it is.”
“Then I take it you are not averse to accepting my assistance…?”
“Honestly, I need all the help I can get.”
“Then let the expedition begin.”

Friday, June 15th

Dumfries, Scotland
Mary’s Bedroom

“I now realize that he truly hated me and was determined to do everything in his power to make my life miserable,” Freddie said staring outside from his seat by the barred window in the new arrival’s room.  “Even something as simple as lying to me about not being able to see the Eiffel Tower from the plane when I was eight years old…” Freddie stopped and took a couple of deep breaths.  “Preventing me from experiencing any joy or happiness seemed to be his main goal in life.”
“I’m so sorry,” Deana choked out, tears pooling in her eyes as she brushed the beautiful, long, red hair of the girl named Mary.
“It makes more sense now.  I wasn’t his son and he knew it, but at the time, I just thought…I don’t even know what I thought.”
“He wasn’t a very nice man, but maybe the bloodline made him that way.”
“I’m just thankful I wasn’t of the bloodline, or I wouldn’t have been able to disobey.”
“I’m thankful for that, too.  Hmm…I believe I’ll give Mary a manicure.  There’s an emery board in my room.  Don’t get up, I’ll be right back.”
As she reentered Mary’s room, Deana triumphantly held up the object she’d fetched from her dresser.
“Don’t suppose you have a metal one so we could try filing our way out of this nightmare?” Freddie asked in a gloomy voice.
“Nope,” Deana replied with determined cheerfulness as she picked up one of Mary’s hands.  “So, if you’d truly been Carrington’s son, you wouldn’t have had a choice?  That doesn’t seem fair.”
“Nothing about this situation is fair, but I must say, I am ecstatic over the fact that I am of a different bloodline than that horrid man.  Our ancestors…I mean, the Society’s ancestors…made choices a millennium ago that has affected men for generations.”
“Men…?”
“The working theory is it only affected the males because no females were present that night to make the blood vow.”
“It all just sounds so…so…horrible and unreal.  I wish your childhood could have been different…that you could have grown up knowing your biological father and not that monster.  Having a loving father makes all the difference.”
“Perhaps my biological father had no desire to know me.  Being of the same blood doesn’t necessarily translate into a loving relationship.  I mean, look at Quort and his father…
“Quort…” Deana said in a suddenly choked voice.  “Quort…I…you…”
“What is it, Deana?” Freddie asked in alarm.
“He’s dead,” she whispered.
“Quort’s dead…?  But he was healing when I left.  What happened?”
“What do you mean when you left?  He died at your father’s castle.  I mean, fake father…Carrington…”
“He didn’t die, Deana.  He was alive and well when I left the states.”
“What?”
“Sure, he had pneumonia and was very ill when he arrived, apparently it was touch and go for a while, but I promise you, he was alive and on the mend when I last saw him.”
“But Vinnie said…”
“He was trying to isolate you and make you angry so you would cooperate.  That is the Society’s MO.”
“Oh Freddie, I’ve been such a gullible fool.”
“As have I…believing everything that Carrington fed me.  We were both manipulated by masters, Deana, but we are on the right path now.”
“Are we?”
“Yes, I firmly believe that.”
“I hope so,” Deana said with a sigh.  “Well, at least Mary’s hair and nails look great.  She’s ready to be rescued and reunited with her mate.  Any idea how long it might take?”
“No, but Blake seems a determined chap so hopefully not long.”
“Blake is the Alpha, right?”
“Yes, and he feels responsible for everything that’s happened to you.”
“And I’ll let him know exactly how I feel about that after he rescues us.”
Freddie chuckled and said, “You go, girl.”
Deep within the bowels of the castle in the darkest section of the dungeon, a slight smile curled the lips of the lone occupant as he pushed a button silencing the speaker.
“You heard…?” Le Duc asked.
“I heard,” Vincent acknowledged through the earpiece.  “That is indeed confirmation that a man named Blake is the Alpha.”
“Most assuredly.”
“Frederick has been very careful up until now regarding name usage,” Vincent said in a thoughtful tone.  “That leads me to believe he suspects their conversations are being monitored.  Do you think that was an intentional slip?”
“Perhaps…however, in the end, it will be irrelevant.”
“Well, at least now when Murphy presents his Intel, you will know if it is credible.”
“I do enjoy having the upper hand.”
“I would have never guessed.”
“You are predictably tiresome, as always and I am in need of sustenance.”
“You are predictably ravenous, as always,” Vincent said with a sigh as he moved towards his laptop, “and, per your usual, I am needed to furnish that sustenance.”

Glendale, California
Macintosh House

“Where do you want these?”
“On the picnic table, please,” Stephanie answered from her place at the stove.  “Inside food is almost ready and Mom and Dad should be home anytime now.”
“Look at the Rick-man…doing woman’s work,” Joey taunted as he caught sight of Rick, arms full of paper plates and bowls, standing at the back door.  “If Tiff ever got off her lazy ass to help, you might could come out and play with the big boys instead of being Steph’s slave all the time.”
“Tiff helps when she can,” Stephanie protested through the open window as Rick gently kicked the screen door open with his foot.  “This is her day off…she should be able to relax and enjoy it.”
“That’s what I’ve been trying to tell him,” Tanner yelled from the backyard where he stood flipping burgers, his voice floating clearly through the open kitchen window.  “I can’t believe our boss let us off on a Friday.  We should all live it up while we can.  I know I’m having a great time playing ‘Uncle Trey’ out here.”
“You should feel honored, Tanner,” Stephanie said with a chuckle, “Dad doesn’t let just anyone touch his outdoor kitchen.”
“Your dad thinks I hung the moon right now, so…”
“Milkin’ it,” Joey said covering his mouth and disguising it as a cough.
“Bring me the cow and I’ll grill it up, too.”
“Wrong gender, idiot,” Joey snorted.  “Even I know that.”
“You can be a woman if you want…I don’t judge.”
“I wasn’t talking about me, dummy.  I was talking about the cow.”
“I think I prefer Tiff’s company after all,” Tanner said with a sigh.
“Oh, come on, you know you can’t stand to be around her, and just so you know, your uncle thinks we all hung the moon.”
“Dream on, dude.  Anyway, lately, Tiff’s been a lot better.  I can tell that she’s working hard to change since that kidnapping thing.”
“Yeah, right,” Rick muttered as he set the paper goods on the picnic table and headed back inside.
“I might not have special abilities like you guys, Rick,” Stephanie said in a soft tone, “but I can still hear you, even from in here.”
Feeling the love surrounding her, even before the screen door had a chance to slam shut, Stephanie turned into the loving arms that had suddenly appeared behind her.
“I’m sorry, my love,” Rick whispered in her hair.  “I’m really trying, but last night when she got home and caught us kissing on the front porch…she was just so…just so…”
“Obnoxious…?” Joey supplied from outside.
“That was not the word I was going for, Stephanie,” Rick quickly reassured her.  “Joey fits that description better than your sister does.”
“Hey!” Joey protested.  “I can hear you, too, you know.”
“Next time try butting out of a private conversation,” Rick suggested.
“What he’s really saying,” Tanner said with a grin, “is try not to be such a butt, Joey.”
“Look who’s talking,” Joey retorted.
“Oh wow, I’m truly wounded by your epic comeback.”
“Smartass…”
“And again…another scorching zinger…”
Under the cover of the playful banter, Rick met Stephanie halfway as she stood on tiptoes to whisper in his ear, “She’s trying, Sweetheart…truly she is.”
“And she’s succeeding with most people…just not with me.”
“Being nice to you is more difficult for her.”
“Why?”
“A couple of reasons, actually, and…well…are you sure you want to know?”
“If I know, maybe I can do something to help change the situation.”
“Unless you are willing to break up with me or have the ability to erase memories, I’m afraid there’s nothing that you can do.”
“Add another reason to the list,” Tanner called from outside.  “Tiff kind of resents you for not telling her that Steph was in danger.”
“Great,” Rick said shaking his head in exasperation.  “So basically, she’ll always hate me.”
“Maybe not always,” Stephanie hedged.
“What memories do we need to erase?” Joey’s voice once more floated through the kitchen window.  “Just tell me where I need to lobotomize and I’ll lobotomize.”
“Your dad is the neurosurgeon, moron,” Tanner pointed out, “not you.”
“Ah, but I play one on TV, so…”
“Still a bit shaky on what private conversation actually means, are we?” Rick asked in a mild tone.
“Nah…I learned that in kindergarten,” Joey said with a chuckle, “along with how not to interrupt and how not to pull girls’ pigtails.  I just don’t see a reason to deny my inner beast.”
“You are about to unleash my inner beast,” Rick warned, “and I guarantee you won’t like it.”
“Shutting up now.”
“Wise decision.”

Paris, France
Guys’ Hotel Room

“Hey, Blake, I think I’ve found it,” Mike called.
Inside of two minutes, Blake was opening the hotel room door, Liam close behind.
“Details.”
“The jet landed at Heathrow and the caskets were transported in three separate hearses by Hyde Funeral Directors.”
“Were they taken to the funeral home?”
“Two of them were, but the third had a different destination.”
“Where?”
“It says Highgate Cemetery.”
“Ironic,” Alexandre said with a smile.
“What do you mean?” Mike asked.  “Why is that ironic?”
“Highgate is a very exclusive burial ground with enormous historical significance…”
“I don’t see the irony,” Mike interrupted.
“And, apparently,” Alexandre continued, “vampiric visitors.”
“Vampiric…?” Mike repeated before realization dawned.  “Oh, I see what you did there.  Vampiric, like vampires…that is irony…”
“Was there a name attached to the body in the casket?”
“Okay, now, that’s some irony,” Mike said with a chuckle.
Blake tapped his foot impatiently.
“Sorry, just too good to pass up…”
“Any day now,” Liam prompted.
“The name on the casket is…drumroll please…Abraham van Helsing.”
“Who is that?” Jay asked.
“You know…the vampire slayer from the movie…come on, dude, everybody knows that.”
“Actually, Abraham van Helsing was a character in the Bram Stoker novel, Dracula,” Alexandre corrected.
“I saw the movie, man, I know he was a vampire slayer.”
“Although I have not seen a movie based on this character, I can assure you Abraham van Helsing was a character in the novel.”
“I think they’re two different fictional characters,” Jay said.
“With the same weird last name…?” Mike scoffed.  “I think not.”
“Look it up,” Jay suggested. 
“Fine, I will…and there, I’ve typed it in and…oh…well, one was based on the other so it’s all the same.  I remember now, Gabriel…that was the name and he was supposed to be an angel or something…still, it’s about vampires, so…”
“What does any of this have to do with where the casket is now?” Blake asked with forced patience.
“Well, apparently, the coffin has now been permanently interred in the Van Helsing family crypt,” Mike said.  “Wow, I hope Freddie wasn’t in there when they buried it.”
Without a word, Blake left, pulling his cell out of his pocket as he shut the door behind him.
“Who do you think he’s calling?” Mike asked.
“Alistair,” Liam and Alexandre answered together.
“If anyone can find a way to get into that crypt, Alistair can,” Alexandre said.  “Although, I believe they removed Freddie before the interment.”
“Wishful thinking?” Mike asked.
“Common sense,” Alexandre corrected.  “Why install holes in a casket if you plan to kill the occupant regardless.”
“Ah…good thinking,” Mike said with a nod.  “Well, that does it for me…Freddie is still alive.”
“Stay out of trouble,” Liam said opening the door.
“Where are you going?” Mike asked.
“Bed…it’s almost midnight and I’m beat.”
“Gonna tuck me in?” Mike asked.
Liam just shook his head and left.

Glendale, California
Wooded Area

“You’re here a bit early,” Tiffany noted as Grant joined her in the tree.
“As are you.”
“The boss gave Tanner and me the day off.  He needed to train a couple of newbies for when we have to quit, and we were in the way.  He and Sam are both there, which spells freedom for me so yay!”
“What did you do with your extra time?”
“First, I slept in.”
“Sounds soothing.”
“It was.  Then I spent a couple of hours soaking in a hot tub.  That was some major chillin’.”
“And yet, I sense that something is bothering you.”
“How do you do that?”
“Years of practice.  Would you like to talk about it?”
“Promise you won’t get mad at me…angry with me?”
“I am not here to judge you, my Tiffany.”
“Last night when I got home, Steph and her jerk-face boyfriend were making out on the front porch and I…well…I kind of lost it.”
“And when you say you ‘lost it’ you mean…?”
“I just felt so…so…out of control and said some things that I regret.”
“Were you angry?”
“No…yes…I don’t know.  It felt like anger, I guess. Is that part important?”
“I believe so, yes.  If you do not understand the emotion, it becomes very difficult to pinpoint what spurred the emotion, which in turn makes it difficult to deal with the emotion.”
“That’s a lot of emotion,” Tiffany joked in a half-hearted manner.
“What was your first thought as you came upon the two?”
Tiffany thought about that for a moment, and then said, “Oh.”
“If you do not feel comfortable sharing…”
“Get your hands off my sister,” Tiffany admitted in a miserable tone.  “I was jealous…just like I’m always jealous.  Why can’t I stop feeling so possessive about Steph?”
“Recognizing it and admitting it are important steps towards recovery.”
“Recovery…?  Like, Hi, I’m Tiff and I’m a Steph-a-holic?”
“Something like that,” Grant said with a smile.
“So, what’s the next step?”
“Actually, you have not completed one of the aforementioned steps.”
“I admitted it,” Tiffany protested, “To myself, anyway.”
“Yes, you have, and that is important, however, there is more to that step.”
“You want me to admit it to the jerk-face, don’t you.”
“This is not about what I want, my Tiffany, it is about what you need.”
“Do I have to apologize, too?”
“Do you feel you owe anyone an apology?”
“Can I just apologize to Steph?”
“Is apologizing to Rick that difficult for you?”
“Yes,” she whispered.
Instead of asking a question, Grant waited patiently while Tiffany thought through the ‘why’.
Exhaling hard, Tiffany closed her eyes and said in a strangled tone, “I made an idiot of myself in front of him and he called me on it.  Just seeing him makes me feel…makes me feel…”
She stopped, at a loss for words, and Grant, understanding all too well supplied the rest.
“Embarrassed…?” he suggested in a gentle tone.
“More like mortified and stupid and shallow and a whole bunch of other things I can’t even put a name to,” Tiffany admitted, “and that makes me angry.  All roads lead to anger with me, I guess.”
“We have that in common,” Grant said nodding in remembrance.
“You don’t get angry,” Tiffany objected.  “Not ever.”
“I have learned how to deal with my propensity for losing my temper, but it took a long time.  Frequently, I regressed and made many mistakes along the way.”
“Really…?  You’re not just saying that to make me feel better?  I mean, after all, they say misery loves company and I’m pretty miserable.”
“I would hope that with each passing day, that condition improves.”
“I think it is,” Tiffany said with a shrug, “but some days I feel like I’m never going to be happy again…not that I remember ever actually being happy.”
“All we can do is take each day as it comes and put forth our best efforts in meeting the daily challenges.”
“But what if, after struggling every day to do what’s right, I still end up the awful person I’ve always been?”
“Do not focus on the journey’s end.  The journey itself is the most important thing.”
“So, you’re saying that how I get there is more important than where I’m going?”
“Not exactly.  What I am saying is that many people have their priorities backwards.  One should not attempt to determine the journey’s end because the journey you take will determine your journey’s end.  Focus on one day at a time…sometimes one minute at a time…and eventually, you will arrive at your final destination…wherever that may be.”

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Riding Trail

“They buried Freddie?” Brit exclaimed in shock, reining in her horse.  “What do you mean they buried Freddie?”
“Ms. Macintosh,” Minsk remonstrated, “This is not an appropriate place to rest the horses.” 
“What…?” Brit said coming back to her surroundings with a start.  “Oh, wow, we’re kind of out on a ledge here…literally.”
“Please continue on until we reach level ground and let your mate know that you are fine.”
“Right…sorry about that…come on, Sandy, let’s move it…love you, Jay…love you, Jay…it’s all good, Doc.”
“Now, concentrate on the task at hand.”
“No problem…I’m not getting anything else from Jay, so Sandy has my full attention.”
“One can hope,” he murmured.

Ranch House
Minsk Bedroom

“What happened on your ride that had you so worried?” Dawn asked as Jean Luc joined her in their room.  “I seldom feel that much anxiety from you.”
“Ah, yes, I apologize for that.  I was taken by surprise.”
“Taken by surprise while out with Brit…” Dawn said with a laugh, “now there’s a shocker.  What did she do this time?”
“A rather startling incoming message from Jay had both of us poised on no small precipice.”
“Oh my, that sounds dangerous.”
“It well could have ended in tragedy if she had been riding any other horse.”
“Sandy is a darling,” Dawn agreed.  “What was the message?”
“Something along the lines of young Freddie’s interment.”
“He’s dead?”
“I have no idea.  Could you text Alexandre and ask him to call me if it is convenient?”
“Of course,” Dawn said grabbing her cell phone off the end table.  “What do you plan to do?”
“If Ms. Macintosh’s message from Jay matches any information Alexandre gives me, a call to Blake is in order.”
“There, done,” Dawn said as her husband’s cell rang.  “That was quick.”
“Alexandre,” Minsk said, “is there any news regarding Freddie?”
After listening a moment, Minsk asked, “Do you know where Blake is at this moment?”
Again, silence on the doctor’s end.  Then, “Thank you for that information.  If you have some time, your mother would appreciate a call.  Of course…I shall tell her to expect it.”
With that, the doctor disconnected the call, and Dawn’s cell rang almost immediately.
“Hey, sweetheart,” she said smiling at her husband as he nodded to her and left the room.  “It’s good to hear your voice.”
Heading out to the stables for complete privacy, Minsk punched the number four quick dial on his phone.
“Blake…we have a problem.”

Saturday, June 16th

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Quort’s Bedroom

“After you finish eating, I thought maybe you could visit my greenhouse.”
“Not that it’s not like the best greenhouse ever, but weren’t we just there yesterday?”
“No suggestive comment about showing you my etchings?”
“Can we forget I said that…please…?”
“I’m teasing you.”
“You didn’t think it was very funny when I brought it up…in fact, you didn’t even know what it meant.”
“Well, I’ve looked it up on the internet since then.”
“So now it’s funny?”
“It just helped me understand you better.”
“That doesn’t sound good,” Quort muttered.
“You have the same type of humor as Mike, but less…um…restrained.”
“That really doesn’t sound good.”
“Anyway, I’ve been thinking about that spice you mentioned the other day.”
“Which one?”
“Wasabi…I’ve researched it and I’m wondering if I could grow it on a small scale.  Are you feeling up to viewing my etchings?”
“Very funny and yes, I’ll let you show me your etchings anytime.  I think you’ll really like wasabi.  It’s awesome!  Once you taste the real thing, the fake is just pitiful and…well…the opposite of awesome.”
“Great, as soon as you’re finished…”
“Last bite,” Quort said sticking the fork in his mouth before mumbling.  “Let’s go.”
“I’ll come back for the tray,” Georgia said as she opened the door to reveal her brother standing out in the hall.
Quort swallowed before suggesting, “We could leave the tray for Brit…makes her feel like she’s doing something.”  Oh hey, Sin,” he greeted the figure waiting outside the door.  “Are you our bodyguard today?”
“Do you need a bodyguard?”
“Well, I figure it’s either that or you’re trying to keep me from escaping.”
Georgia and Sinclair exchanged quick glances before Georgia laughed and said, “He’s just here to make sure you don’t fall down and hurt yourself.  I wouldn’t be able to catch you.”
“Okay,” Quort said with a shrug, “whatever you say.”
Georgia slowly led the way downstairs and then outside with Quort behind her and Sinclair bringing up the rear.  Once they arrived at the greenhouse, Sinclair disappeared.
“Sin’s not coming in with us?” Quort asked as Georgia let him in and shut the door behind them.
“No, he…um…doesn’t really like the smell of the greenhouse so he’ll wait outside.  I’ll call him if we need him.”
“You’re the boss.  So, where do you think you want to plant the wasabi?”
“Hang on a second and I’ll show you,” Georgia said as she headed straight for the sprinkler system.  “I want to water the plants while we talk, if that’s okay with you.”
“Whatever.”
“You’re being annoyingly cooperative today,” Georgia noted.
“I’ve decided to go back to my ‘live and let live’ philosophy.  That way I’m not tick off at everybody all the time.”
“There, the water is on,” Georgia whispered, watching the door.  “Can you hear me?”
“Are you talking to me or the door?” Quort asked in a puzzled voice.
“Please whisper.”
“Okay,” Quort whispered back, “now what?”
“Now I explain to you everything that’s going on around here.”
“Really?”
“Really.”

Paris, France
Blake’s Hotel Room

“Hey, Blake, when are we heading back to London?” Liam asked as he entered the hotel room.
“Tomorrow.”
“Why the delay?”
“Rod is having the jet serviced.  He noticed a problem on the last flight and decided to have it checked out before we flew again.”
“Where is he?”
“Back in the states.”
“You sound…impatient.”
“The timing is rather inconvenient.”
“Care to share with the class?”
“Jay and his mate are becoming a danger to each other and possibly to others.”
“What are they doing?”
“Talking.”
“I don’t understand.  Why not just put a ban on all calls between them?”
“They aren’t using phones,” Blake said with a wry smile.
“They’re talking without phones?  That’s not possible, is it?  
“Apparently, it is.”
“What’s the dangerous part?”
“Jean Luc and Ms. Macintosh were on horseback when we discovered the location of the casket’s final resting place.”
“What happened?”
“Ms. Macintosh stopped on a very dangerous part of the path without realizing it.”
“That isn’t good.”
“Until they each learn to control what their mate hears, we must reunite them.”
“ASAP, as Mike would say,” Liam said with a grin.
“Indeed, as Jean Luc would say,” Blake added.
“That’s funny.  You must have taken my advice.”
“What advice would that be?”
“You went out and bought a sense of humor.”
“I don’t find that funny,” Blake said in a sour tone before moving into the restroom.
“Hmm…must have bought it at a garage sale,” Liam said chuckling, “because I’m always funny.”

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Ranch House Backyard/Greenhouse

“Where are they, Sinclair?”
“Sin.”
“What?”
“I prefer Sin.”
“I could do so much with that statement.  You know you willingly walked into that one, right?”
Sinclair shrugged.
“You make it too easy,” Brit protested.  “It ruins all the fun.”
Again, he shrugged.
“You know where they are, don’t you.”
“Perhaps.”
“Look, I don’t have much time before Doctor Control-Everything-Brit-Does Britches figures out I’m not in my room and comes looking for me so quit stalling and give.”
Once again, Sinclair shrugged.
“Do you want Georgia to have her heart broken?”
“It’s hers to decide.”
“You don’t understand, Quort expects things and can’t commit to just one girl.  I don’t want…”
Sinclair held up a hand to silence Brit while he listened for something.
“Greenhouse,” he said before disappearing.
“Nice chatting with you,” Brit called after him before muttering, “Not…”
“Hey Brit,” Quort called from the door of the greenhouse as she approached.
“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” Brit fumed, taking in a flushed Georgia behind him.
“Well, apparently not what you’re thinking,” Quort said with a grin.  “Not that I wouldn’t love to have my way with Georgia.  I mean nobody, but nobody, can cook like she can and she’s stinkin’ hot and as adorable as all get out to boot!  ”
“Quort!” Brit and Georgia said simultaneously, but with vastly different expressions.
Brit took in Georgia’s shy smile and pink cheeks and she exploded.
“Go to your room right now, Mister Sleep-With-Every-Girl-on-the-Planet-Even-the-Innocent-Ones Britches!”
“Before I do, why don’t you come in and see Georgia’s baby,” Quort suggested, totally unperturbed by Brit’s obvious anger.  “She’s pretty proud of it.”
“Her baby!  What do you mean by ‘it’?  Babies aren’t ‘its’.”
“This one is, doofus.  I’m talking about her greenhouse.”
“Oh, well, okay, but only if Georgia invites me in…verbally.  And there better be no funny business.”
“Georgia…?” Quort said lifting an eyebrow at her.
“Please come in,” Georgia whispered.
“I’d love to,” Brit said in a dazed voice.
“Georgia, I think your plants need more watering, don’t you?”
“Quort…” she began.
“You know you want to,” he coaxed with a wicked gleam in his eyes.
With a sigh, Georgia once more moved over to the sprinkler system and turned it on.
“My poor plants are going to drown,” she murmured.
“Brit, come look at this,” Quort coaxed.
“What exactly am I looking at?” Brit asked as she leaned over to get a closer look at the plant Quort indicated.
“Would you like to explain again where Jay and Dee are?” Quort asked directly in her ear.  “And while you’re at it, maybe you want to revise your story on how I got pneumonia.”
Realizing the plant thing was a ruse, Brit tried to straighten, but it was too late…Quort had a firm hold on her hair.
“Ow, Quort, let go of my hair.”
“I don’t think so.”
“Aw hell, you know, don’t you?”
“Well, that sounds familiar, but the shoe’s on the other foot now, isn’t it?”
“Quort, this isn’t funny.  Let go of my hair.”
“I would really keep my voice down if I were you, Brit.  You know how that wolfie hearing is.”
“No, everything’s fine, sweetheart, really,” Brit insisted.  “I’m fine.”
“Why the hell are you calling me sweetheart?”
“I’m not talking to you, jackass.”
“You’re calling Georgia sweetheart?” Quort asked in surprise.  “I didn’t know you swung that way.”
“Shut up already, you moron!  No, not you…I would never…”
“Are you hearing voices or something?” Quort asked releasing her hair and stepping back, something akin to shock on his face.
“Quort knows,” Brit continued, ignoring him.
“Who the hell are you talking to?”
“Georgia probably told him,” Brit said with a shrug.  Even though Jay couldn’t see the shrug, she was fairly certain he could feel it.  “They came out to the greenhouse and turned on the water system so nobody could hear them.  I think Sinclair was helping them by playing lookout so at least Quort doesn’t have to worry about being castrated now.”
“Again I ask who the hell are you talking to?”
“I’m talking to Jay, you idiot, now hush so I can hear what he’s saying.”
“He’s on the phone?  Wait…I don’t see a phone.”
“He’s not on the phone he’s in my head, now shut up!”
“You’ve lost it, girl.”
“Can I kill him?  Please please please…?  It would put us all out of our misery.”
While Brit was listening for Jay’s reply, she noticed Georgia whispering in Quort’s ear and then heard Quort’s exclamation of “No way, that’s totally cool!” before Georgia shushed him.
“Okay, fine, he’ll live to see another day,” Brit said with a sigh, “but only because you asked so nicely.  Talk to you tonight for reals.  Love you.”
“You two can talk in your heads?” Quort asked in amazement.
“I think that’s what we’re doing.”
“You don’t know?”
“Mates are supposed to be able to feel each other’s emotions, so at first I thought that was it, but now I’m thinking we’re really talking.  It’s just so clear in my head…his voice and the words…and it is totally cool.”
“Ms. Macintosh, how did you get around the Alpha command?” a familiar voice asked from the doorway.
“Busted,” Quort murmured in amusement.
“Why does everybody always assume I’m the culprit?” Brit demanded.
“Because you usually are,” Quort said with a grin.
“I did it, Dr. Minsk,” Georgia said stepping around and in front of Quort.  “I trust him.  He won’t tell anyone.”
For a long moment, the doctor studied first Georgia, then Quort, then Georgia again while all waited with bated breath to see what he would say.
“You explained the gravity of the situation as well as the need for secrecy?” he asked Georgia.
“Yes sir.”
Turning to Quort, he asked, “The secret is safe with you?”
“Absolutely,” he said nodding with obvious sincerity, impressing Brit, before ruining it by adding, “Who’d believe me anyway?”
“Who indeed…” Minsk murmured as he shook his head and took his leave.

(ISP) Long Island MacArthur Airport
Leased Hangar

“I’ll be there tomorrow, as planned,” Rod said into his cell.  “We just need to pick up a different jet, that’s all…no, we haven’t figured out the problem yet…yes, it’s a smaller plane, but it can be used transatlantic…eight people max although that’s questionable transatlantic…don’t worry, I’ll come back to get the bigger one if we need it…I’ll be there by tomorrow night your time…no problem, I’ll…”
“Hang up on you again?” Nick asked with a smirk.  “Not much on goodbyes.”
“When he’s done, he’s done.  Now, get your feet off my desk and your butt out of my chair and let’s go pick up a jet.”
“Being a bit optimistic, isn’t he?” Nick said swinging his legs down and standing up.  “Thinking we might need a bigger jet soon…”
“We’re going to find them, Nick.”
“I don’t share your optimism.  They’re both probably long dead.  Remember what kind of shape that other kid was in…I just don’t see how they could survive anything like that for this long.”
“Well, you’re welcome to your own opinions, in the privacy of your own head.”
“In other words, shut up.”
“You know me so well…now let’s go get that jet.”

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Quort’s Bedroom

“Poor Freddie,” Quort mourned as he stuffed his mouth full of lasagna.  “And I thought my dad was bad.”
“Can we not bad mouth the dead man, please?” Brit asked.
“He had me spy on all of you for The Society and you want to forgive him?”
“I’d just rather not talk about him at all.  So, you aren’t going to hold a grudge against Freddie for using you?”
“He didn’t want to and you said yourself he admitted I was his only friend like…ever.  Then his dad tried to have him killed…at least mine never went that far.”
“His Fake Father,” Brit corrected.
“Whatever…I think the dude has suffered enough.”
“He’ll be glad to hear that.”
“If he’s still alive, that is.  Hey, I wonder if my mom stepped out.  Maybe I have, or had, a fake father, too.”
“You look just like your father so I doubt that’s a possibility.”
“Yeah, well, maybe he has a brother somewhere that I don’t know about and he’s my real father, but he didn’t want to break up an unhappy marriage, so…”
“I give up,” Brit said rolling her eyes.  “Oh, hey Georgia,” she continued, noticing the girl standing in the doorway.  “Are you okay?  You look a bit dazed.  Here, come sit before you fall down.”
“I’m fine,” she said in a weak voice as she perched on the end of Quort’s bed.
“Oh my gosh, did that damned doctor wring you out in private for telling Quort?  Is that why you look so shell-shocked?  I swear I’ll give him what for…”
“No, it’s fine, Brit.  He was actually really nice about it.”
“Wait a minute…are we talking about the same man here?  Oh right, he was nice to you because he actually likes you.”
Hearing a faint chuckle float in through the open doorway, Brit turned in that direction and said, “I heard that!  Private conversation here, wolfie ears…so beat it!”
“Yes ma’am,” she heard Derek and Ethan reply in unison before heavy footsteps and a door slamming heralded their exit.  
“And thanks for over-exaggerating all those noises so I think you can’t hear me anymore,” she called after them in a sarcastic tone.  “Buy some sound-canceling headphones while you’re at it, will ya?  Damned shapeshifters…”
“You do know Jay is one of those damned shapeshifters, right?” Quort reminded her.  “And how sweet is that?  I mean, I’ve known the dude for like years and never even suspected.  That’s gonna make like the coolest movie ever!”
“I’ll say it again…you’re so weird,” Brit said shaking her head.  Turning to Georgia, she noticed the banter had given her time to recover a bit.  “Do you want me to leave so you can talk to Quort about whatever it is bothering you?”
“Um…no…I…could we…I mean, could we talk in your room?”
“You want to talk to me?” Brit squeaked.
“Hey, what’s up with that?  Suddenly I’m chopped liver?  Oh, yeah, liver and onions…that would be so good right about now.  I think I must be iron deficient.”
“I’ll see if I can work up a recipe for that,” Georgia said in a quiet voice, eyes on Brit.
Brit nodded just once and left the room.
“I’ll be back later to take your tray.”
“You never talk to Brit,” Quort accused.  “Why now?’
“It’s a girl thing.”
“Oh…Oh…that…yeah, you go ahead and have that conversation without me.”
“See you in a bit.”
“I’ll be here.”
As soon as Georgia entered her room, Brit shut the door and motioned to the bathroom.
At Georgia’s questioning look, Brit grinned and said, “I’ve learned from the best…water and wolfie hearing…not such a good mix,” before turning on the bathtub faucet full blast.
Seeing Georgia’s genuine smile started a warm glow somewhere inside of Brit and spread through her whole body.  As tough and mean as Brit frequently came across, it genuinely upset her when someone didn’t like her, and she’d been worried that Georgia hated her.
“You have a really nice smile, Georgia.  I’m glad I’m getting to see it now.”
“I’m sorry; I just have a really hard time talking to people…even people I’ve known all my life.”
“I’ve noticed that, but you didn’t with Quort and you seem to be a lot more…open now.”
“Quort’s never met a stranger,” Georgia said with a tender smile.  “He wouldn’t let me avoid talking to him.  Just being around him helps me deal with other people.”
“You’re in love with him, aren’t you,” Brit said with a heavy sigh.  “That’s why you looked like you were going to faint and throw up all at the same time…you’d just figured it out.”
“That’s what Dr. Minsk thinks.”
“Did he say that?”
“He said he understood why I had to tell Quort about…everything…and that he was happy I’d found my mate.  I hadn’t realized what was happening to me until then.”
“Mate…?  But Quort’s not a shapeshifter!”
“That’s just how Dr. Minsk talks.  You don’t have to be a shapeshifter to have a mate, you know.”  
“Okay, I’m good with that.  So, I guess you want me to tell you that Quort can change his ways and settle down.”
“No, I…he…Quort’s the only one that knows that.”
“Then what exactly is this about?”
“You’ve seen him with other girls…?”
“That’s an understatement,” Brit muttered before noticing the look on Georgia’s face and quickly adding, “but he’s different with you.  He’s a different person now than he was before the kidnapping.  I even told Jay that he seems more mature, and believe me when I tell you that is not a word I ever thought I’d use in the same universe, much less the same sentence as Quort.”
“That’s all I wanted to know.  Thanks for your help.”
“Anytime…” Brit said as the girl quietly slipped from the room.
A few moments later, Minsk appeared in the doorway of the bathroom.
“If you and Georgia are quite through with your private conversation, would you mind turning off the water.  The septic tanks can only take so much punishment.”
“Oh, right…sorry,” Brit said reaching over and turning off the faucet.
As Minsk turned to leave, Brit asked, “Did it work?  Could you hear what we were talking about?”
“I managed to pick up bits and pieces.  It was unintentional, I assure you.  I do not purposefully eavesdrop on all private conversations.”
“Only when there’s a good reason,” Brit said nodding, deep in thought.
“You have something you wish to discuss with me?”
“Um…well…more of a question than a discussion…”
“I am listening.”
“Do you think I did the right thing?” Brit whispered.  “I don’t want to give her false hope.  Quort is a womanizer and I’m not sure he can change…or even wants to.”
“Did you tell the truth?”
“The truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth,” Brit assured him.  “He is different with her; I just don’t know what that means for Georgia.”
“Then you may rest easy, Ms. Macintosh.  All will be well.”
And with that, he was gone.
“I sure as hell hope so,” Brit murmured, “or I may never sleep again.”

Paris, France
Blake’s Hotel Room

“Come in, Jay.”
“You wanted to see me, Blake?” Jay asked as he shut the door behind him.
“You will return to the states to stay after we arrive in London.”
“Deana and Freddie are still missing and we’re getting so close,” Jay objected.  “I can’t leave yet.”
“The communication between you and your mate is becoming a problem.”
“What do you mean?  We don’t call each other that much and I swear I haven’t told her anything.”
“Nevertheless, you will be returning soon.”
“It’s real, isn’t it,” Jay said in sudden comprehension.  “I’m not making up the conversations we’re having.  We’re really talking.”
“You are.”
“But how is that possible?  I thought only the Alpha…well…you…would be able to do that with your mate.”
“Historically, that has been true.  However, there are many unexplainable connections between mates that not even Dr. Minsk can explain.”
“So I’m actually hearing the words I thought I was making up.  That’s…that’s…”
“I am about to place a call to Dr. Minsk and I wish to involve you and your mate in a very important discussion.”
“What’s going on?”
Instead of answering, Blake pulled his cell out of his pocket.

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Brit’s Bedroom

“Come in,” Brit called from her bed.
Her head hurt from trying to figure out what Jay was saying.  Although she could tell he was thinking about her, it seemed he was in the middle of a conversation with someone else and she was having trouble deciphering any words.
“Dr. Minsk,” Brit said sitting up quickly.  “Something is going on with Jay, but I can’t tell what.  Do you know what’s wrong?”
“Blake wishes to speak with you.  I have him on my cell.  With your permission I will place it on speaker phone.”
“Okay, good…wait…just wait a minute.”
“There is a problem, Ms. Macintosh?”
“Can he use Alpha Voodoo power on me long distance?”
“Will he need it?”
“Just answer the darn question.”
“Darn…?”
“Keep it up and I’m sure I can muster some foul words for you.  Can he zap me long distance?”
“Not effectively,” Minsk answered with a tinge of amusement.
“Great, bring it on.”
Before Brit even had a chance to get one word off, Blake started right in.
“We need an excuse for everyone that could possibly be identified and targeted by The Society to gather at the ranch for a week or more in order to protect the people that have been compromised.”
“Why the ranch?” Brit asked, totally distracted from her planned rant.  “Apparently, that’s the first place they’ll try now that they know what you look like.”
“The ranch is easily defensible.  We purposely built it that way.  If we tried to make a stand anywhere else we’d be vulnerable.”
“Well then, that’s simple…Jay and I will set a date and invite everybody here for the ceremony as well as the pre-ceremony festivities.  I mean, who would want to miss my wedding?  It will be the event of the century.”
“That would certainly be the best idea.”
“Brit, are you sure you’re ready for this?” Jay asked in concern.
“Oh hey, Jay…that’s so cute, it rhymes.  I didn’t know you were there, too.”
“Hey, sweetheart.  It’s good to really hear your voice.”
“I know what you mean.  Made up conversations in our heads aren’t nearly as satisfying.”
“They aren’t…” Jay began.
“We will put the wedding plans in motion as soon as possible,” Blake interrupted.
“Blake…?”
“You and your mate can hash all of that out later, Jay,” Blake said.  “Time is of the essence.  Are you on board with this impromptu wedding?”
“I’m just concerned that Brit may feel pressure to…”
“Trying to ditch me already, Sweet Cheeks?”
“Of course not…”
“Then it’s settled,” Brit pronounced.  “We’ll get married as soon as we can get everyone here.”
“Deana won’t be there,” Jay reminded her.
“I can’t do anything about Dee, but I know for sure that she would want me to keep her parents safe.  If that’s the only thing I can do for her then I am darn well going to do it.”
“If we invite them, Deana’s parents will wonder where she is.” 
“They’ll do that anyway.  Dee’s birthday is coming up and there is no way her parents are going to believe she refuses to talk to them, even if we could convince them that she voluntarily left the country.  I’m sure I can get one of my parents to let them in on the secret without somebody trying to choke me to death.”
“Ms. Macintosh…” Minsk warned.
“Oh, give it up, shrink.  We don’t really have much choice now, do we?”
“Ms. Macintosh is right,” Blake said.  “I will explain the situation to the young lady’s parents once they arrive.”
“I’m what…?  Did you just say I was right?  Oh my gosh, the world must be ending.”
“Brit…” Jay began.
 “It’s okay, I’m done.  And I’m letting you off easy, Mister Master-of-the-Universe-Hitler-Napolean-and-Russian-Leader-Dude-All-Rolled-Up-in-One Britches.  Some of my best ‘Mister’ work, if I do say so myself, which I must because nobody else will, and I even used some historical figures.  Now, we just need to get everybody here safely.”
“Leave that to me,” Blake said.
“Oh yeah, let’s do that,” Brit snorted.  “Nothing could possibly go wrong with you in charge.”

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Brit’s Bedroom

“So Dad, how would you feel about coming up here for a visit and bringing Mom and the girls?”
“It’s okay, Brit, I know what’s going on.”
“Will you stop talking to that damned Alpha already?  I’m sick and tired of him stealing my thunder.”
“You’re about to get married and that’s the conversation you want to have with me?  You do make some interesting choices.”
“I…you…”
“And before you start in on me again, how would you feel about a double wedding?”
“Double wedding…?  What…who…?”
“I thought that would get your attention.”
“Who else is getting married?”
“One of your sisters met her…”
“Sam?  Is it Sam?  Tell me it’s Sam!  It has to be Sam because she’s the only one old enough to…”
“It’s Steph.”
“Steph…?  You can’t let her get married.  She’s only seventeen!  Are you insane?”
“If I am, it’s only because I have four daughters.”
“That’s so not funny!  This is serious!  She can’t do that!”
“Well then I look forward to watching you explain to her and her mate why they have to live apart from each other.”
“You mean future mate.”
“No, I mean mate.”
“Wait just a doggone minute…they’re already mated?”
“Look, it wasn’t planned, but things happened and there were extenuating circumstances beyond anyone’s control.  Surely you can understand that after what you’ve been through.”
“But she’s so young.”
“I know, believe me, I know, but there is nothing I can do about any of this so you’re just going to have to trust me when I say this is best for everyone concerned.”
“Is it okay if I get excited about it, then?”
“Do you want to?”
“So so so so much that you wouldn’t believe how much.”
“I think I have some idea.  Go ahead and get excited.”
The scream that followed almost burst Trey’s eardrums even though the phone was a good twelve inches from his ear.
“I’m okay,” Brit called to the footsteps heading up the stairs, “just a bit over stimulated.”
“Over stimulated…” she heard Brad muttering outside the door, “ya think…?  A bit of warning next time would be helpful.”
“Oops…sorry.”

Bellingham, Washington
Lafferty House

“Emily, your mother is on the phone, and would like to talk to you!”
“Why didn’t she call my cell, Aunt Sunnie?” Emily hollered down the stairs.
“She tried, but it kept going to voicemail.”
“Oh shoot!  It’s out of battery.  I’ll plug it in and be down in a sec.”
“She’s coming, Dawn.  Ah…here she is.  It’s so good to talk to you, and I’m excited to see you soon,” Sunnie said before handing the phone over as Emily hit the bottom of the stairs.
“I’ll be in the kitchen,” she mouthed to her niece before leaving her alone.
“Hey Mom!” Emily said, moving into the living area and plopping down on the sofa.  “Sorry about that, I let my phone totally discharge.”
“I should be used to it by now, I suppose,” Dawn said with a laugh.
“I’m not that bad…am I?”
“Do you want the truth?”
“Okay, so I am that bad,” Emily conceded, laughing with her.
“Are you having a good time?”
“It’s great being home.  I haven’t seen Sunnie in too long.”
“Are you planning to come with her for the wedding?  I know Rick will want you there.”
“I…um…I’m thinking about it.”
“Oh Emily,” Dawn said with what sounded like the beginning of tears, “I so wish you would believe me when I tell you that Jean Luc always wanted you to come with us on our trips.  I’m the one who said no.  The places we frequented were very dangerous, and I was so frightened that something would happen to you.  I couldn’t bear the thought of losing you.”
“Mom, it’s okay.  I’m glad you and Jean Luc came to my graduation and we had it all out.  He’s not such a bad guy, I just…well…he’s not Dad.”
“You were so young when your father died…I just hoped that Jean Luc could fill that void for you.  You two were actually quite close until your teenage years.”
“He did fill a void, in a lot of ways, and I do love him.  It’s all that other stuff…I just can’t handle it and as much as I hate how I feel about it, he and Alexandre are constant, painful reminders that my life has never been nor ever will be normal.”
“I know it’s not fair, sweetie, and I would do anything to change it for you, but…”
“It is what it is,” Emily finished for her with a sigh.  “So, tell me what’s going on there.  Have they found the girl?”
“Not exactly.”
“Well, that’s not vague at all.”
“It’s complicated and not something I can explain over the phone.  When you get here…”
“Mom…”
“A mother can hope.”
“So, if they haven’t found her yet, does that mean they are all still overseas?”
“Yes, they are, although Blake is planning to send everyone except Liam back for the wedding and to help protect the ranch.”
“So he and Liam are staying over there?”
“Looks like it.”
“Tell you what…I won’t make any firm decision yet.”
“Are you saying you might make it to the wedding?”
“That’s what I’m saying.”

Glendale, California
Wooded Area

“How was work today?”
“It was…not bad,” Tiffany said with a laugh as she climbed the tree to join Grant, already perched on his branch.
“You really should go straight home after work.  It is late.”
“I know, but I don’t have much free time to spend with you so I have to take what I can get.”
“Then you must allow me to escort you to your house each night.”
“Are you planning to let me introduce you to my family?”
“Interesting idea…” Grant murmured.  “Exactly how would you introduce me?”
“What do you mean?”
“Have you planned an explanation of our relationship?”
“Oh, yeah…that…”
“So you have not pondered the ramifications of such an introduction.”
“I suppose you’re right,” Tiffany said with a sigh.  “I can hear my dad now…too old…too experienced…a stranger…what were you thinking…?”
“Your reply would be…?”
“I don’t know.  Our relationship isn’t something I can put into words.  We just…are.”
“In other words, our bond defies explanation.”
“Exactly.”
“You are rethinking a family introduction…?”
“To use your word, I’ll ponder it and get back to you.”
“Good.  In the meantime, I shall escort you home to ensure you arrive there safely.”
“I don’t need…”
“I insist.”
“Oh, well, if you insist,” Tiffany giggled and started to climb down.  “You’re probably following me home every night anyway.  FYI, I quit cheerleading today.”
“Why?”
“Because my journey of self-discovery is going to take some time and energy and besides, I like your company way better than those silly girls.  Yesterday I skipped practice altogether and actually had a great day off for once.”
“Are you sure this is what you want?”
“Yep,” Tiffany said as she hit the ground and started running.  “Last one to my house is a rotten egg!”
“Thankfully, that description no longer applies to either of us,” Grant murmured before taking off after her at a trot.
Tiffany’s good mood lasted until she found herself ambushed by a couple of determined parents when she got home.
“I made it before curfew,” Tiffany got in first.
“We know,” Cynthia said.  “That’s not what this is about.”
“Okay…you both look really serious.  What did I do this time?”
“Actually, you’ve been perfect,” Trey said.
“The surprise in your voice isn’t very flattering, but probably deserved,” Tiffany said with a sigh.
“We’re very proud of you, Tiffany,” Cynthia assured her.  “This is about your sisters.”
“Sisters…plural…?”
“Brittany and Stephanie are getting married within the next two weeks.”
“So soon?” Tiffany asked in dismay.
“We’re all going to fly up to Montana and make it a double wedding,” Trey said.
“Montana!  You’ve got to be joking.”
“Believe me, it’s no joke.”
“I can’t just drop everything and fly off to the back of beyond.”
“That’s exactly what we’re all going to do,” Cynthia said.
“Well, I’m not going.”
“We’re all going and that’s final,” Trey said.  “There is no discussion.”
“You can’t make me.”
“Tiffany,” Cynthia remonstrated, “two of your sisters are getting married, and you promised to be Stephanie’s maid of honor.  You need to be there.”
“I want to, but…”
“Then it’s settled,” Trey announced.  “We’ll all fly up together.”
“Why can’t they get married here?  This is Steph’s home and the wedding is always at the bride’s place.  That’s what normal people do.”
“There are extenuating circumstances.”
“Which you aren’t going to explain to me, are you?”
Trey shrugged.
“You know I still have a job, right?  I can’t just quit and leave the manager hanging.”
“That’s already been taken care of.  You weren’t going to work there much longer anyway.  I’ll pay any lost wages on top of your cheerleading expenses.”
“Oh, that…well, I quit cheerleading so…”
“You didn’t!  Why would you do that?  We never asked you to!”
“It’s okay, Mom.  It was my choice.  I just wasn’t feeling it anymore.”
“Then it’s all settled.  I’ll let you know when we’re leaving,” Trey said as he left the room.
“Nothing like living in a free country,” Tiffany muttered as she climbed the stairs, “and this is nothing like living in a free country.”

Sunday, June 17th

Glendale, California
Macintosh House

“Garth, Liza…I’m glad you could join us for brunch,” Trey said as he shook Garth’s hand.  Cynthia and Liza hugged and Trey could see shared tears between them…no doubt both thinking of their absent daughters.
“If you hadn’t called us, we were going to call you,” Garth said as he pulled out Liza’s chair at the dining room table.  “Something’s going on with my baby girl and I’m about to hop a plane and tear the northern states apart until I find her.  She is not spending her birthday alone.”
“Garth…you promised to remain calm,” Liza reminded him as he seated her.  “Besides, she’s not alone…she’s with Brit and the boys.”
“Actually, Garth, that’s what we wanted to talk to you about,” Trey said in as cheerful a voice as he could manage.  “We’re flying up to Montana for Brit’s wedding and thought you might want to join us.”
“Brit’s getting married?” Liza exclaimed.  “When did this happen?”
“The trip gave Brit and Jay more time to really get to know each other and it just…happened,” Cynthia said.
“Jay…?  Deana’s friend…?” Liza asked.  “Such a nice young man…I so hoped Deana might…they seemed so close…but I suppose it wasn’t meant to be.”
“He was that pre-med major I liked, not the womanizing one, right?” Garth asked in a gruff voice.
“Yes, dear,” Liza reassured him.  “The ‘womanizing one’ was Quort.”
“Well, good for Brit,” Garth said as if that settled the matter.  “When were you planning to leave?”
“How soon can you get off at work, Garth?  We may be there for a while.”
“I had already planned to take two weeks off to find Deana and spend her birthday with her, but I can’t leave until Friday afternoon.”
“That’s perfect.  I’ll book the tickets.”
“First class,” Garth said, “a man’s got to have leg room.”
“Totally agree with that,” Trey said with a chuckle.
“We’ll reimburse you, of course,” Liza said, “or I could give you my credit card information and you could book them using that.”
“Actually, Jay’s family will be footing the bill for all of the tickets,” Trey said.  “They just needed to know what names to put on them.  No worries.”
“Why would they do that?”
“Probably guilt feelings for making us go all the way up to Montana.”
“Why are they having the wedding there?” Liza asked.
“It’s a family thing.  So…anybody hungry?”
“Starved,” Garth admitted.
“My grill is hot and ready to go,” Trey said getting up from the table.  “Coming…?”
“Wouldn’t miss it,” Garth said licking his lips as he got up and headed towards the back door.
“Steak for brunch?” Liza asked raising an eyebrow.
“Steak for any meal when Trey is involved,” Cynthia said with a laugh.  “Don’t worry, I insisted on making eggs, toast, hash browns, and blueberry pancakes to ‘go along’ with the steaks.  Care to help with the indoor food?”
“Steak at ten o’clock in the morning,” Liza shuddered.  “Uncivilized, if you ask me.”
“I agree…let’s go make the more refined foods.”
“I’m right behind you.”
San Diego, California
Pearson House

“Blake?  Why are you calling?  What’s wrong?  Is it Jay?  Is he okay?”
“Everything is fine, Maggie.  Is Felix available?”
“He’s in the shower; that’s why I answered his phone.  Are you sure everything is okay?”
“You may speak with Jay when I am finished discussing possible wedding dates with Felix.”
“Wedding dates?  Who’s getting married?”
“Is that for me?” Felix asked as he stepped out of the bathroom wrapping a towel around his hips.
“Hang on a sec,” Maggie said to him before addressing Blake once more.  “Is Jay getting married?”
“We are flying out in an hour and have a limited time on the phone, Maggie,” Blake said in a gentle tone.  “Would you not rather speak to Jay when I am done with Felix?”
With a heavy sigh, Maggie handed Felix the cell phone.
“What’s up, Blake?” Felix asked as he put his arm around his disgruntled wife and gave her waist an affectionate squeeze.
“I need you and Maggie at the ranch as soon as possible.  Plan to stay for at least a week, perhaps more.”
“Should we drive or fly?”
“Fly.”
“I’ll book a flight for Wednesday.”
“Felix?”
“Jay!” Felix exclaimed in genuine pleasure, not at all surprised Blake exited the conversation without a word.  “Good to hear from you, my boy!”
“Give me that phone,” Maggie said yanking it out of her husband’s hand.  “Are you getting married, Jay?”
“Some time in the next two weeks, if possible.”
“I’m so happy for you!  When will you be back in the states?”
“I can’t give you any details, but I’m looking forward to seeing you two.  It seems so long ago since we left on our trip, so much has happened.”
“Good and bad,” Maggie agreed.  “Be careful and we’ll see you soon.”
“Love you both.”
“Love you, too, baby boy.”


Glendale, California
Macintosh House

“You are such a liar,” Cynthia whispered as the two of them cleaned up after Deana’s parents departed.
Although no one else was in the house, whispering just seemed the thing to do.  The knowledge that shapeshifters existed and had extra sensitive hearing had freaked her out more than just a bit.
“What?” Trey asked as he set the plates in the sink, the picture of innocence.
“I had no idea my husband of twenty plus years was such an accomplished prevaricator.”
“The key to believability is to put just enough truth in the statements that they sound not only plausible, but probable…plus, a ring of sincerity always helps.”
“I’ll remember that the next time I want to lie to you.”
“Are you ever going to forgive me?”
“I just can’t believe you never told me,” Cynthia said turning to face the sink instead of him, unable to hide the small break in her voice, “…never even tried to tell me.  I thought we were…closer than that.”
“We are, sweetheart, and I wanted to…so many times I almost did…but I didn’t want to put you in that position.”
“What position?”
“The one that I lived every single day…that of lying to people, by omission if nothing else…especially the people I loved.  I’ve regretted that day I didn’t listen to my sister and stuck my nose in where it didn’t belong more than anything else I’ve ever done in my life.  If I’d never seen Bruce shift, I would have lived in happy oblivion for the rest of my life.”
“Or until our girls found their mates.”
“True,” Trey admitted.  “There was no reason for any of us to know until now because we weren’t directly involved in any of it and if I hadn’t followed Bruce that day that my parents said they couldn’t marry yet, I would still be in the dark, and glad of it.”
“You never did tell me what happened.”
“Bruce was…well…he was upset and I thought Alicia should go after him, but she wouldn’t, so I did.  She told me to leave him alone, but I thought I knew better.  I liked Bruce and I didn’t want our parents to come between them.”
“Then what happened.”
“Turns out heighten emotion can cause shapeshifters to shift.”
“So you followed him and got an eyeful.”
“Yep and regretted it ever since.”
“It’s just so hard to believe; I’ve known Alicia and Bruce for over two decades.  Is that why they never stayed long?”
“Their visits put all of you at risk and we debated the wisdom of it, but in the end we finally decided it would look odder if they didn’t visit us.  Drawing attention is a bad idea when you’ve got a secret to hide.”
“You’re right…I would have hated lying to people…I hate it now.  I came so close to telling Liza today.”
“I know the feeling, but I agree we should wait until we’re all at the ranch.  With Garth, collateral damage is a foregone conclusion.”
“With Dee’s safety involved, I think Liza is the one we probably need to worry about the most.”
“But she’s always so calm and in control.”
“Have you ever seen a raging mama bear?”
“Only on television…”
“Well, fasten your seatbelt because I’m telling you, that’s exactly what’s about to happen.”

Glendale, California
Wooded Area

“Hey,” Tiffany offered without looking up as Grant settled on the branch opposite her.
“You appear distinctly unhappy.”
“I have to leave town for a while and I don’t want to go.”
“What has happened?”
“My sisters are getting married, and we have to go to Montana and have some big double wedding for some weird and convoluted reason that nobody is telling me.  What else is new…right?”
“Do you not wish to attend the wedding?”
“No…I mean, yes…I want to, I mean, it’s Steph, but…it’s just…it’s just…”
“I had hoped by now you would realize you can talk to me about anything, my Tiffany.”
“Why do you call me that…my Tiffany…?”
“Do you object?”
“No, I don’t object.  It’s kind of nice.”
“Excellent…now, about this wedding…”
“Okay, fine, if you must know, I don’t want to go because then I’d have to leave here…and…well…you.”
“That bothers you?”
“You’re the only one that I can talk to about…stuff…now that Steph has a new best friend.”
“What if I told you that I, too, have been invited to the wedding…?  Would that make a difference to your state of mind?”
“Right,” Tiffany snorted, “like my sisters would invite you when they don’t even know you.”
“Actually, the owner of the ranch invited me.”
“Why would he do that?”
“We have been friends a long time.”
“I don’t understand.  How do you know him?”
“Do you remember the mutual acquaintance of your father’s?”
“You mean Blake the idiot that wouldn’t let anybody tell my sisters and me that we were in danger…?  It’s at his place?”
“Yes.”
“So I get to meet this moron?”
“In all probability.”
“And you’re going to Montana, too?  You promise?”
“I do indeed.”
“How are you getting there?”
“I shall drive.”
“You wouldn’t consider flying with us?”
“I would rather not abandon my vehicle.”
“Would you…would there be…”
“Ask your question, my Tiffany.”
“Can I ride with you instead of flying with my family?”
“That is what you would prefer to do…?”
“Yes.”
“You feel that safe with me?”
“Shouldn’t I?”
“Then, as long as it is fine with your parents, I would welcome the company.”
“So, if I tell them tomorrow, that’s okay.”
“I would prefer that you ask them, but yes, that is okay.”
“Then what are we waiting for?  I’m going to a wedding.”

Monday, June 18th

 Glenbrook, California
Macintosh House

 “Mother…Father…”
“Formality…” Trey murmured, “…and you’re up early.  This can’t be good.”
“Oh great, you’re here,” Cynthia said in relief as she turned from the sink, ignoring her husband’s comment.  “We were just discussing…”
“I’ll go to the wedding on one condition.”
“And that would be…?” Trey prompted, trepidation heavy in his voice.
“I’ll go as long as you both agree to let me drive up with a friend of mine.”
“Not Cliff,” Trey exclaimed in what looked suspiciously like horror.
“Of course not,” Tiffany said trying hard not to burst into laughter.  “How do you know about Cliff, anyway?”
“Does this friend have a name?” Cynthia asked in a calm and reasonable voice.
“Grant.”
“Grant,” Trey repeated in surprise.  “Is he…?”
“Yes, he is Blake’s friend.  You remember Blake, right Father?  That horrid man that somehow prevented you from telling us that Steph was in danger…?”
“Not you, too,” Trey groaned.
“Not me, too…what?”
“Nothing important…what did Grant tell you about the danger?”
“Huh…come to think of it, he hasn’t actually told me much of anything other than Blake won’t let anybody tell us anything.  When I meet that man, I am so going to…”
“Do you feel safe with Grant, honey?” Cynthia asked, redirecting the conversation back into less treacherous channels.
“He’s my best friend.”
“He’s what?” Trey exclaimed.
“Then you may ride with him.”
“Cynthia…” Trey began.
“Don’t you want to meet him first?” Tiffany asked in a suspicious tone.
“Your father trusts Blake and Blake trusts Grant, so we’ll be fine either way.  We would certainly prefer to meet him first, but will leave it up to you and Grant to decide.”
“Wow!”  was all Tiffany could say.  “Just…wow!”
“I suggest you start packing because it’s a long trip and you need to get on the road well before we have to catch a plane.”
“So you’re really going to let me do this?”
“Any reason we shouldn’t?”
“No.”
“Then that’s settled.  We’ll see you when you get there.”

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Blake’s Study

“You do realize you can’t keep all of us locked up when the people start arriving, so yay for freedom!”
“Actually, it will be your responsibility to ensure that none of your family goes anywhere without an escort.”
“Excuse me?  They know about you wolfie types, too, or will soon enough, so how does that translate into my responsibility?”
“You know what areas are off-limits and you have two sisters unaware of our shape shifting abilities.”
“Yeah, well, pretty much every area has been off-limits to me, which I don’t understand.  Are you afraid I’ll find out about shapeshifters?  Oh my gosh, shapeshifters are real!  Whatever will I do?”
“You have been limited in your ability to wander in order to keep you safe.  Most do not possess your proclivity for locating trouble.”
“Oh sure, blame the victim.  Come on, Doc, surely you have somebody that can keep an eye on them.  I want to spend time with Steph.  We have a lot to talk about.”
“I have been informed of your youngest sister’s propensity for listening at keyholes.  You and your mated sister can not have any such discussions while she is on the premises.”
“You told me that she’s driving up with Grant—which strikes me as really weird, but I’m not touching that one—so why can’t they get here on Saturday instead of Friday?  I need that time with Steph.  Please…?”
“Would your parents…?”
“Believe me, they’ll be onboard with it as long as they know Blake’s in control of Grant.”
“You are certain?”
“I’ll call and ask to make you happy, but I’m sure.”
“And what of your other sister?”
“Show Sam a horse and she’ll be home when she’s home.”
“She rides?”
“Like a pro.”
“How…?”
“If Sam wants something badly enough, she makes it happen.  That girl smelled like the worst kind of horse stall every night because she traded work for riding lessons.  Thank goodness for showers or I would have kicked her out to the gameroom…or the garage.”
“She mucked out stalls in exchange for lessons?”
“Yep, and loved every minute of it.  So find her a wolf buddy that loves to ride and she’ll be their friend for life.  Although, you’ll need to find someone immune to her charms and that might be tough to do.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well, apparently she’s like catnip to wolves…at least I’m assuming the guys have all been shapeshifters.”
“I am afraid I do not follow.”
“Guys meet Sam, guys fall for Sam, guys try to kiss Sam, guys get a right cross, guys are devoted for life…it’s been that way for years now.  She doesn’t like dating, but allows one boy a year one date to make Mom and Dad happy.  They thought she needed to get to know various males for comparison in case she ever met ‘the one.’”
“And you believe these ‘guys’ are all shapeshifters…?”
“That would make a lot more sense than random normal guys all acting the same way towards her, wouldn’t you say?”
“It does sound plausible.”
“So, you’ll need someone that has some self-control.”
“You have not experienced this particular…issue?”
“Nah…Sam isn’t really my type.”
“You misunderstand on purpose.”
“Aw…see…?  You do get me…and no, not like Sam.  I mean, guys act like jerks around me sometimes until they get to know me, but with the two exceptions of my sweetheart and Alexandre, who probably doesn’t have a jerky bone in his body, most guys are basically jerk wads anyway.”
“You were impressed by Alexandre?”
“Oh right, he’s your son, isn’t he?  Anyway, Alexandre showed some interest in me before he realized Jay was my mate or future mate at the time, but he was such a gentleman about it compared to all the others.  Hey, maybe you should get him to take care of Sam…oh shoot, he’s with Jay; I forgot.  Oh well, it was a good idea anyway.”
“Indeed, it was.  Now, to recap…I am to delay one sister’s arrival and furnish a suitable riding companion for the other sister in order to give you bonding time with your mated sister.  Do I have this correct?”
“Yep, you’ve got it.  Is that doable?”
“I believe it is.”
“Alrighty then!  Better watch yourself, shrink, or I might end up actually liking you.”
“Let us not push our luck, shall we?”
“You’re right…let’s stick with tolerate.”
As soon as Brit left the study, Minsk extracted his cell from his inside blazer pocket and scrolled until he located the contact for which he searched.
“Dr. Minsk,” the voice at the other end answered.
“Grant.”
“Is there a problem?”
“It has come to my attention that it will not do for young Tiffany to be present when her two mated sisters reunite.”
“What about the other sister?”
“She will not be a problem.  What is your schedule?”
“Her parents are flying out on Friday and strongly suggested we leave on Thursday.”
“Would you be able to reasonably stretch out the trip until Saturday?”
“Will her parents object to that arrangement?”
“The older sister suggested it and assured me that her parents are in full agreement.  Apparently, Deana’s parents are flying in with them and those discussions should also remain private.”
“Any particular time on Saturday?”
“No, however, if you plan to be too late, have her text her parents to let them know.”
“She will keep in touch.”
“Thank you,” Minsk offered, but Grant had already disconnected.
Minsk showed no surprise as he put away his cell.

London, England
Guys’ Hotel Room

“Are you sure you don’t need me?” Mike asked for the tenth time.  “I’m pretty handy to have around.”
“All three of you leave as soon as Nick and Rod return from exchanging the jet.”
“Again…?  What’s up with that?  Should I be worried?  Are we gonna fall out of the sky?”
“Be prepared to depart Wednesday morning, end of discussion.”
With that, Blake left the room.
“That was a discussion…?” Mike asked of no one in particular.
“We know where to find you,” Liam assured him.  “There is nothing more any of you can do here at the moment.  You are needed at the ranch.”
“Seriously, Liam, should we be worried about the constant jet swapping?”
“Here’s what I know…the larger jet had a problem, but they couldn’t get it fixed in time to fly us here so they brought a smaller jet.  Now, that smaller jet is fine for two people crossing the Atlantic, and fine for all of us flying from Paris to London, but in order to get the rest of you home, we’ll need the bigger jet.”
“So, five of us flying across the Atlantic in that cracker box really would land us in the water?”
“It’s possible.”
“Why?”
“Fuel,” Alexandre supplied.  “The usage varies depending on weather conditions and weight of the passengers and cargo.”
“Why don’t they keep a big jet here in London?”
“Because the one we have been using is the one that is usually based in London.”
“But we’ll be safe in the big jet, right?”
“Yes, you’ll be safe in the big jet, you big baby,” Liam scoffed.
“Will you keep us informed as to your progress?” Jay asked, deliberately changing the subject.
“As much as Blake allows,” Liam promised.
“So that would be a no,” Mike said.
“Blake can still hear you,” Alexandre pointed out.
“Actually, our rooms are a fair distance away,” Liam said with a chuckle.  “We didn’t want to hear squabbles for the next two nights.  Paris was bad enough.”
“What if we need you?” Mike asked.
“Don’t worry, Boyo, I’ll come tuck you in later,” Liam said with a twinkle in his eyes.
“Very funny and you know that’s not what I meant.”
“Liam…” Alexandre began.
“No exceptions, Alexandre,” Liam said, returning to a more serious tone.  “Your father specifically requested that you return.”
“Why?”
“Not my business.  You will have to take that up with him.”

Glenbrook, California
Freeway

“You don’t think…I mean, is it possible?” Cynthia asked as soon as they merged onto the freeway.
Although she’d wanted to talk about Grant as soon as Tiffany left the room, Trey’s shaking head plus the forefinger he place on her lips reminded her that their conversations were no longer private…especially in the house.
No doubt, Grant had heard every word.
“I plan to find out,” Trey replied with determination.  “I have my texting with Blake pulled up.  Just type in 411, hit send, then hand it to me.”
“Not 911?”
“Blake won’t consider this an emergency and could very well hang up if he’s displeased.”
“Okay…411 it is.  Are you sure you want to talk to him about this while you’re driving?”
“I’m sure I don’t want to do this at school.”
As Cynthia followed his instructions, she said, “We’re finally getting closer to Tiffany.  We can’t lose her now.  Three of my girls all at once…that would just…”
Trey’s cell rang, but instead of handing it to Trey, Cynthia immediately put it on speakerphone.
“Are Tiffany and Grant mates?” she asked, ignoring the niceties.
There was a moment of silence and Trey began to wonder if his wife’s abruptness had angered the normally even-tempered Alpha.
“I am not certain,” Blake admitted.
“What do you mean you’re not certain?” Cynthia squeaked.  “I thought it was your job to know these things.”
“Normally, yes, but Grant is…different.”
“Different…?  He’s already a werewolf…how much more different can he be?”
“Are you sure you wish to know?”
“Of course, I do.”
“Trey…?”
“Go ahead,” Trey said with a sigh of resignation.  
Once his wife got something in her head, there was no stopping her.  Although, he had to admit, he wasn’t any better.  No wonder their daughters had turned out as headstrong as they had.
“Grant has learned how to…block me…for the most part.”
“Can’t you just ask him?”
“He refuses to answer.”
“You’ve already asked?”
“Yes.”
“Can’t you make him answer?”
“I am not certain it would work with him and I prefer to allow privacy whenever feasible.”
“How is it that your pack members can block you?” Trey asked.  “I didn’t know that was possible.”
“He is the only one.”
“Why can he do that?” Cynthia asked.
“I am not certain.”
“Are you certain of anything?”
“Cynthia…” Trey began.
“That is a valid question, Trey,” Blake interrupted.  “Grant is the exception to Alpha rules…that is all I am certain of concerning him.”
“There’s something you’re not telling us, isn’t there?” Cynthia said with sudden inspiration.  “Just spit it out.”
“You have the same turn of phrase as your oldest daughter.”
“And, like Brittany, I am not easily distracted so spill it Mister.”
“Grant is the longest lived shapeshifter.”
“Just how old is he?” Cynthia asked between clenched teeth.
There was silence at the other end.
“You should know that I am fully prepared to call you over and over again until I get answers and if you change your phone number, I swear I’ll find it and haunt you until your dying day.”
“Your eldest is explained,” Blake said with what sounded suspiciously like defeat in his voice.
“I’m waiting.”
“Physically, Grant is thirty-seven years old.”
“Oh my,” Cynthia said in distress.  “He’s twice her age.”
“How old in wolf years?” Trey asked.
“Are you certain you wish to…?”
“Just spill it,” Cynthia interrupted.
“Grant has been alive on this earth for almost three centuries.”

Dumfries, Scotland
Dungeon
Le Duc’s Living Quarters

“It is time,” the deep voice intoned.  “The boy will reveal the prophecy in the very near future.”
“How near?”
“Within the next forty-eight hours.”
“How is this to be accomplished, Martin the Warlock?”
“I am Merlin the Sorcerer, Milord.”
“Of course, my apologies…Merlin the Sorcerer.  What must we do to extract this prophecy?”
“Use the girl and the wolf’s mate.  He has developed an attachment that will not allow either of them to be harmed.”
“What else did Bealu reveal to you?”
“That is all.”
“Are you certain?  The reward would be commensurate with the information.”
“I can only impart that which Bealu has imparted to me.  There is nothing more at this time.”
“Was there assurance of more in the future?”
“No, however, I shall remain on alert for future messages and will deliver them to you post-haste.”
“Your vigilance is most appreciated.  Vincent will see to your payment.”
“Until next time,” Merlin the Magician said cloak sweeping around him as he executed a faultless bow.
“This way please,” Vincent said from the top of the stairs.
After ushering Merlin the Sorcerer out, Vincent said, “You seemed almost disappointed that the man appeared to be honest.”
“Perhaps he is simply waiting for a much larger payoff,” Le Duc suggested in his earpiece.
“Which you will happily supply, I am sure.”
“Stalling will accomplish nothing.  You know what you must do.”
“I am on my way.”
“Finally, progress,” Le Duc said in satisfaction.

London, England
Highgate Cemetery

“You have news, Alistair?”
“The casket was empty.”
“Any idea how the boy was removed?”
“Nothing showed up on satellite imagery, so we were forced to explore other options.”
“Such as…”
“The crypt is rather large and contains many passages…possibly even hidden passages.”
“You believe that’s how he was retrieved?”
“I do.  We are currently scouring the area both above and below ground searching for clues.”
“How did you manage to get into the vault?”
“Once again, an anonymous tip about a missing body whispered into the ear of the appropriate MI5 agent, a suggestion of drugs or gun trafficking and…voila…”
“That was risky.”
“Only if I was proven wrong,” Alistair said with a laugh.  “I believe this means that the young man is still alive and will remain so until they no longer have need of him.”
“I don’t suppose you have any ideas on what it is they need?”
“Not at all; thankfully that is not in my job description,” Alistair said, but Blake was already gone.
“And I would not have your job for all the crown jewels in London, my old friend” he commiserated as he pulled up another phone number.  

Dumfries, Scotland
Freddie’s Bedroom

“Could you see who it was, Deana?” Freddie asked trying to disguise the anxiety in his voice.
Nothing good ever came from midnight visits within the Brotherhood.
“Some man in a cloak.  Vinnie handed him a pouch and the man left.”
“A payoff for information, most likely, which bodes ill for us.”
“How would it affect us?”
“I have no idea, just the certainty that it will, and not in a good way.”
“Deana,” a voice said from the doorway, “would you be so kind as to check on Mary for me?”
“Why, Vinnie?  Is something wrong with her?”
“He wants to speak with me alone, Deana,” Freddie said.
“I’m not leaving you,” Deana asserted moving to stand by Freddie’s bed.
“I am afraid I must insist,” Vincent said.
“Deana,” Freddie said, taking her hands in his, “if the vampire wished me dead, I would be.”
“But…”
“Go check on Mary, and please don’t try to eavesdrop.  If Vincent wanted you to know what we’re about to discuss, he would tell you.”
“Okay,” she whispered before bending over and planting a kiss on his cheek and whispering, “but if I hear anything suspicious, I’m coming in with some sort of weapon.”
“Sounds good to me,” Freddie whispered back, heart racing in an alarming manner…and it had nothing whatsoever to do with Vincent’s presence.
“So, Vincent,” Freddie said in as calm a voice as he could muster as soon as the door closed behind Deana, “what can I do for you?”
“It is time for you to reveal the prophecy.”
“The prophecy…?  I can assure you, I know nothing about any prophecy.”
“My information leads me to believe otherwise.”
“Your information is wrong.”
“Are you still in communication with a spirit?”
“How did you…?” Freddie began in surprise.
“You told us.”
“I did…?”
“When you were eight years old, you admitted that a voice in your head taught you the difference between right and wrong.  We were uncertain whether all communication between you had ceased, but you have now confirmed that is not the case.”
“Fine, I admit, I hear a voice, but she has never spoken of a prophecy…not to me.”
“Then you must ask her.”
“What if she refuses to answer?”
“You must convince her.  Deana’s life hangs in the balance.”
“You would kill her?  After all of the time you’ve spent together you have to know she is as sweet and innocent as she appears…truly good all the way through.”
“I do realize that.”
“Then how can you use her this way?  How could you possibly justify killing her?”
“You are well aware that because of my blood ties, I have no choice but to follow Milord’s edicts.  Now, if you would put together a list of exactly what you will need in order to summon this spirit, I shall…”
“A list of what I need…?”
“Over the past millennium, Milord’s sorcerers have required a plethora of baubles: crystal balls, capes, cauldrons, various herbs…to name but a few.  I can gather any items that you…”
“I require nothing of the sort.”
“Then how is it accomplished…this communing with the spirits?”
“Well…um…I fall asleep and there she is.”
“Hmm…interesting.”
“Is that bad?  That I do not use any of the accoutrements that you mentioned?”
“Not at all.  In fact, that is much more believable.  So, it is decided.  You will ask her tonight.”
“She does not appear every night.”
“Then summon her.”
“That is not how it works.”
“Have you never had occasion to call on her for help?”
Freddie didn’t reply.
“I can see by your face that you have.  Do the same tonight and the girl will live.”

Tuesday, June 19th

Dumfries, Scotland
Freddie’s Bedroom

“Ah…you have managed to acquire the prophecy,” Vincent said nodding in approval as he entered the bedroom the next morning.
“How…?” Freddie began.
“It is in your eyes…the knowledge, the guilt, the scheming…”
“The scheming…?”
“I must caution you that duplicity could cost the girl her life,” Vincent warned.  “Milord requires the full and unedited version of the prophecy or the consequences will be catastrophic.  And before your highly intelligent mind plots any further,” he continued, “let me warn you that Milord will indeed know if you speak the truth.  Your eyes were always your worst enemy, which is why your father—forgive me…I mean to say, Carrington—could quickly divine any dissemination on your part.”
“You are saying that he knew that I…that sometimes I was…”
“…less than forthcoming,” Vincent finished for him.  “Indeed he did, hence the visit to the Chateau in France when you were eight years old.  That visit confirmed that you were not a member of the Brotherhood.”
“Why would Carrington allow me to live after that?”
“One of the sorcerers of which I previously referenced convinced Milord that you were important to the prophecy.”
“And so I lived,” Freddie said with undisguised bitterness in his voice, “if one could call my existence living.”
“If I may be so bold, how was the prophecy delivered to you?  Did Liss appear and speak to you directly?”
“Is that important?”
“A matter of idle curiosity only,” Vincent assured him.
“Honestly, I have no idea,” Freddie admitted.  “I woke up and suddenly it was there, in my head.”
“Interesting…” Vincent murmured, a bit bemused.
“So, how do we do this?”
“Pardon me?”
“What do you want me to do with the prophecy?”
“You may speak it aloud.”
“When?”
“Now would suffice.”
“Might I write it down instead?”
“Why would you wish to do that?”
“It would be easier for me to make certain that everything is correct.”
“That will not be necessary.  I trust everything will be as it should.”
“I would rather write it down.”
“Do you have a particular reason for your request?”
“It just feels strange to blurt it out like that for the first time…especially in front of someone else.”
For a moment, Vincent remained silent as if listening to something and Freddie wondered if he had gone too far.  In truth, he had simply been planning to stall for time, hoping the wolves would rescue them before he had to give up the prophecy, but with such a readable face, he realized his chances had plummeted.
“I fear that I must insist,” Vincent said finally, in a gentle tone.  “You are welcome to take your time in order to ensure the exact wording.”
“You know, don’t you,” Freddie stated in a defeated tone.
“About your attempt to delay the inevitable…?  I am afraid so.  In any case, it would not matter.  If the Alpha has not located Mary in the century she has been in a coma, a few more hours or even days will make no difference.”
“Mary has been in a coma for a century?”
“Indeed, 1903 to be exact.  Now…the prophecy, if you please.”
In a monotone, Freddie began his recitation.

And this shall be the wolves’ undoing
In the final days
One not easily swayed
Shall venture forth
To discover blood secrets
Locked away 
For nigh a millennium
By half-man half-beast
All shall be revealed
When the blood of four
An anchor adrift
A revealer resolute
A conduit scorned
An Alpha born
Join as one
To expose all bloodlines
To release all blood ties
To fully discharge
The power of the blood
By selfless sacrifice
The beast shall save
His pure heart anchor
And the bloodthirsty demon
Shall once again
Be made whole

Without a word, Vincent nodded and left the room.

London, England
Guys’ Hotel Room

“Hey, Alistair,” Mike said as Liam let Alistair into the hotel room.  “Did you find the secret tunnel?”
“We found a passageway that leads to a spot just outside the cemetery, but the canopy in that area is too thick to ascertain by satellite which vehicle stopped for the young man.”
“So, another dead-end,” Liam said.
“We are running the plates on every vehicle seen entering and leaving the area, but yes, I am afraid we have reached an impasse.”
“We don’t even know if they’re still in London or if they’re in Timbuctoo,” Mike said.  “What do you suggest we do now?”
“Continue to search airport and dock footage,” Alistair said with a shrug.  “We could get lucky.”
“Now I know that he’s not in a casket anymore, maybe I can find him,” Mike said with renewed interest.  “I’ll get back to it.”
“And the rest of us?” Jay asked.  “Do we go back to sniffing?”
“My guess…he is no longer in the area,” Alistair said.  “Mike’s search is likely the best use of time.  Perhaps you can help him?”
“I could probably rig something up to show my computer screen on the ‘telly’, as you Brits say,” Mike offered.
“Mike…”
“Sorry, Jay…find me a better word and I’ll use it.”
“Liam and I will walk you out, Alistair,” Blake said.
“That’s code for ‘let’s talk without the kids listening in’,” Mike hollered after them.
“They can hear you without yelling,” Alexandre pointed out.
“Yeah, but it’s not nearly as fun.”

Dumfries, Scotland
Dungeon
Le Duc’s Living Quarters

“Speak,” Le Duc said as he put the phone receiver to his ear.
“I have a name.”
“And…?”
“The money will be deposited as agreed?”
“If the name is correct, you will receive your reward forthwith.”
“Now see, that’s where we have a problem…my reward…not a phrase I like to hear.  Much too ambiguous.”
“I do not understand.”
“Oh, I believe you understand well enough.  You see, Milord, after you approached me for help, I researched you and your minions quite thoroughly, and I am very good at my job, if I do say so myself.  It has come to my attention that the people you employ tend to meet with accidents.”
After a few moments of silence, the voice on the phone continued, “I can tell that I leave you speechless so I’ll continue without your obviously reluctant approval.  It also has come to my attention that you are not exactly…er…kosher, for lack of a better word.  Now, being a smart man, I decided to take steps to ensure my survival.”
Again, silence met the voice on the other end of the line.
“Still speechless, I see.  I will endeavor to carry on this enlightening conversation without your participation.  In the event of my death, certain documents will be delivered to the special group you appear to be interested in, describing you and your many abodes in great detail.  I have no less than five different sites from which these documents will originate and so until you can find and locate said sites, my continued good health is in your best interest.”
“Your continued good health is assured, Monsieur Murphy.”
“The fingerprints belong to a Mike Williams…”
“That is not the name for which I search.”
“…and his adopted father’s name is Blake Williams,” the voice continued, ignoring the interruption.  “They reside on a ranch outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana, a map of which I will fax to you as soon as my money is deposited.  You could find the ranch without my map, I’m sure, but it will take you quite a while as it is well hidden from the public.”
“The money will be in your account within the hour.”
The phone line went dead.
Slowly replacing the receiver, Le Duc sat in the darkness as still as the statue he resembled, lost in thought.  Five minutes later, he once more picked up the receiver and dialed a number.
“Leave a message at the beep.”
“Cancel the hit on Murphy,” he said and immediately hung up.
Once more, Le Duc contemplated in silence before retrieving the receiver and placing another call.
“Wire five-hundred thousand dollars to Murphy’s account.”
Le Duc hung up without waiting for a reply.
As he sat in the darkness, his fingers drummed on the armrest of his chair, the only indication of displeasure he ever allowed himself.
Ten minutes later, he bestirred himself.
“I need to see you,” was all he said.
Within seconds, the door high above him opened and a figure appeared.
“I have another task for you,” Le Duc said as soon as Vincent successfully negotiated the stairs and stood in front of him.
“I am old and tired and sick,” Vincent replied in a weary tone.  “Find another one of your minions to follow your bidding.  I am done.”
“You will do as I say, my old friend, or you shall truly know misery.”
“Empty and idle threats; There is nothing that you can do to me that is any worse than what you have already done.”
“There are many conditions that I put upon your healing,” Le Duc said.  “Do you have any memory of those conditions?”
“I recall that you agreed to release me if I had a change of heart.”
“After you had provided one last service…”
“But you have already released me.  I am aging and my disease has returned.”
“I have not released you.  In order for that to happen, you must perform the compulsory last service.”
“I have done all that you asked…gathered all of the necessary players here and furnished you with the prophecy.  As I said before, I am done.”
“Those tasks do not qualify as your last service.”
“You are lying.  As I said, my body is aging and my illness has returned.  This is simply an attempt to wring more mileage out of my old and tired bones.”
“I allowed you to forego the healing of the ring and begin aging once more, but I have not released you.  If I had, you would not have lasted this long.”
“I assumed that the progression of my disease had been slowed by the treatments over the centuries.”
“You assumed incorrectly.  Your disease has not returned in full force because I have further use of you.”
“But you agreed…”
“I agreed to discontinue the treatments and yes, you have aged in a normal manner.  However, until I officially release you, death cannot claim you regardless of the progression of your disease.”
“I never agreed to that…”
“I beg to differ.  You were so eager to be healed that you unilaterally agreed to every one of my stipulations.”
“You have invented these stipulations simply to avoid releasing me.”
“I assure you, the stipulations were signed by you in blood.  You may peruse this document at your leisure.”
As he had many centuries earlier, Le Duc produced a parchment from under his cloak and handed it to Vincent.
“Do not think to destroy the document.  It is bound in blood, your blood, and as such is unbreakable.”
As Vincent scanned the contents, his face paled and he had to reach out to steady himself.
“I am beginning to see a good many things more clearly now.”
“Exactly what is it that you think you see?”
“I do not recall much from that fateful evening when you visited me as I had been sick for quite some time and a brain fog had overtaken me, but I do remember that you had this document already drawn up and ready for me to sign when you arrived.”
“Which proves what…?”
“What I have suspected for nigh a millennium, but never given voice to because I was under the influence of the power you wield with your ring.  My treatments required I submit, but once I stopped taking them, your influence over me waned enough for clear thinking.  You cared not at all that I was dying in a most painful manner—as demonstrated by your absence the previous five years—you were only concerned with your own needs.  The nature of your bloodlust was such that you realized you could not continue to acquire your sustenance without arousing suspicion.  That plus the fact that you were already becoming quite sensitive to the sun all added up to the need for a loyal manservant.”
“A manservant, anyway…”
“I have served you faithfully for centuries.”
“And inconveniently developed a conscience along the way…”
“I have always possessed a conscience…I simply allowed vengeance to overtake it for a time.”
“You certainly fooled me on that account.”
“That is why you chose me…?  You assumed I would suffer no remorse for all of the things you asked…nay…forced me to do for you…?”
“A miscalculation on my part, I admit.  Now, for your final task…”
“And if I refuse…?”
“You will grow weaker and weaker while the pain of your disease will eventually return full force, but you will not be allowed to die—although I can promise that you will beg for death to claim you—until you perform one last service.”
“You swear that this is the last service you will require.”
“I so swear,” Le Duc assured him.
“What is it you wish of me?” Vincent asked wearily as he handed back the parchment.

Dumfries, Scotland
Deana’s Bedroom

“Why do you want my blood?  I’m not sick.”
“I am not in the habit of explaining myself to children.”
“Your bedside manner certainly leaves a lot to be desired.  Are you this abrupt with all of your patients?”
“You are not one of my patients.”
“Then why should I let you take my blood?”
“I grow weary of these ridiculous questions.  Be still and allow me to get on with it.”
“Doctor McDuffie, what are you doing in Deana’s room?” a suspicious voice asked from the doorway.
“Freddie!  You shouldn’t be out of bed without help.”
“What’s going on?”
“I simply need a sample of the silly girl’s blood, but she is refusing to cooperate.”
“Why do you need…?” Freddie begin before comprehension dawned and his face paled.
“Freddie…?” Deana exclaimed in alarm, rushing to help support the figure slouched against the doorframe.  “Are you okay?”
“The prophecy…” he whispered hoarsely.  “The revealer resolute…”
“What are you talking about, Freddie?” Deana asked in confusion.  “What prophecy.”
“Let him take your blood.”
“But…”
“If he has to, he will kill you for it.  There is no way to win this battle.”
“Lead him over to your bed,” the doctor directed.  “I shall draw his blood once I finish with yours.”
“Freddie…?”
“Please, just do it, Deana.”
“A wise decision,” the doctor said.
“I suppose that would make Mary the anchor adrift.”
“As you say…now if you will roll up your sleeves, I shall begin.”
“What in the world is going on, Freddie?” Deana asked as soon as the door closed behind the doctor.  “And don’t tell me it’s nothing because a prophecy that requires blood doesn’t sound like nothing.”
Closing his eyes, Freddie once more recited:

And this shall be the wolves’ undoing
In the final days
One not easily swayed
Shall venture forth
To discover blood secrets
Locked away 
For nigh a millennium
By half-man half-beast
All shall be revealed
When the blood of four
An anchor adrift
A revealer resolute
A conduit scorned
An Alpha born
Join as one
To expose all bloodlines
To release all blood ties
To fully discharge
The power of the blood
By selfless sacrifice
The beast shall save
His pure heart anchor
And the bloodthirsty demon
Shall once again
Be made whole

“But I thought they didn’t know who the Alpha is,” Deana whispered.  “How can they get the Alpha’s blood if they don’t know where to find him?”
“I don’t know.”
“Did we somehow give it to them?  I don’t see how, because I don’t know anything except what you’ve told me.”
“I’ve used his first name, but no last names and no identifying information so I can’t imagine that we have.”
“What does it all mean?”
“I have an idea, but I could be wrong.”
“Please…tell me.”
“From what Vincent said, I gathered that the vampire is using sorcerers for information.  I believe they are contacting Bealu.”
“Can they do that?”
“We talk to Liss…”
“True…I just don’t understand…what does it all mean?  What is the vampire trying to do?”
“In order to ensure his continued existence, I believe the vampire is going to kill the Alpha which in turn will kill all of the wolves…in theory, anyway.”
“Would the Alpha sacrifice himself as it says in the prophecy, knowing his whole pack will die?”
“I don’t know much about him, but yes, I believe he would.  However, I don’t think it will happen any time soon.”
“Why is that?”
“It says by selfless sacrifice the beast shall save his pure heart anchor, but I don’t see how they can accomplish that right now.”
“Seems pretty clear to me; they’ll kidnap the Alpha’s mate.”
“Yes, but from what Brit told me, the Alpha doesn’t have one.”

Dumfries, Scotland
Kitchen

“Vincent, it is time for my departure from this place,” came the hated voice through Vincent’s earwig.
“Are you not concerned with young Frederick’s statement, Milord?”
“Not at all.  The Alpha may not yet have mated, but there is a mate out there and once we have the Alpha’s blood, we will find her.”
“What is the time frame of your exodus?”
“Tonight…I have made all of the arrangements.”
“Which residence have you chosen?”
“Dover castle.”
“Why Dover?  It is by far the smallest of your residences.”
“It is an overland trip as well as near the ocean.”
“Ah…an easier route for your journey than by air or sea while furnishing accessibility for…er…deliveries.”
“You will ensure my transportation arrives and departs tonight before you leave for the London flat.”
“The London flat?”
“I have given you all of the contact information for the Alpha.  Arrange to meet him at the London flat and draw blood from him.”
“How do you suggest I accomplish such a feat?”
“I am certain your imagination is up to the task.”
“I may have to reveal some truths you would rather not have known in order to inspire the requisite trust to allow me close enough for the blood draw.”
“Do as you must.  It will not be long now before the Alpha and his pack of mongrels will no longer present a threat.”
“You are that sure the situation will resolve in your favor?”
“The prophecy has spoken.”
“I suppose it has,” Vincent said with a sigh.  “I have secured you sustenance and shall send it down shortly.”
“Ah, you know me well…too well…but that will all be over soon.”
“Not soon enough for me.”

Dumfries, Scotland
Deana’s Bedroom

“Vinnie, are you ill?”
“I have been ill for longer than I care to remember.”
“You just seem to be getting worse every day.  The sores look so much more painful than yesterday.”
“I have been in what we shall call a type of remission for years, but my disease is now returning full force.”
“I’m so sorry,” Deana whispered.
“You are very kind; however, I do not think you will feel very kindly towards me once you realize why I am here.”
“You need something from me.”
“I have already taken the liberty of putting in the number for the Alpha.  Simply push the number two on the speed dial.”
“You found him.”
“Talk to him and reassure him that you and the young man are fine.  No need to mention Mary, as I do not believe he is fully aware of her.”
“Please don’t make me do this, Vinnie.”
“There is no other way, my dear.  The Alpha is directly responsible for putting you in this position therefore he must be the one that rectifies the situation.  That is the only way I can convince my master to allow you and the others to live.  If Milord so commands it, I shall be forced to kill all of you.  I will have no choice in the matter.”
“Milord is the vampire…?” Deana whispered in a frightened voice.  “Your master is a vampire, isn’t he?  Just like Freddie said.”
“Near enough,” Vincent acknowledged.  “Now, if you will be so good as to place the call and remember, the lives of your friends hang in the balance.  Do not attempt to convey any information that would displease the vampire.  If you are in any doubt, look to me and I shall give you a sign.”
Reluctantly taking the cell phone from Vincent, Deana pushed the button and held it up to her ear.
Please don’t answer…please don’t answer…please don’t answer…was all she could think as her ear filled with ringing and her mind with dread.
“Blake here.”
The deep voice on the other end of the line sent shivers through Deana’s whole body and nervousness took over.
“H-h-hello…” she stammered.
“Deana…?”
“How in the world did you know…?”
“Are you hurt?” Blake interrupted.
“No, I’m…”
“And the young man…Freddie…is he alive?”
“Freddie’s fine…he’s here, too.”
“Is he with you now?”
“No, he’s in his room.  I think he’s asleep.”
“Are you alone then?”
Glancing at Vincent, unsure how to answer, she was relieved at his nod of encouragement.
“Vinnie is here.”
“It is good to hear your voice, Deana, and to know that you and Freddie are doing well.  I wonder if I might speak directly to Vinnie now.”
“He wants to talk to you,” Deana whispered.
Taking the phone from her, Vincent nodded and abruptly left the room.
Collapsing onto her bed, Deana covered her face with her hands and burst into tears knowing her cooperation had just ensured the wolves’ demise.

Wednesday, June 20th

London, England
Luxury Flats

“Well, Blake, this is the place.”
“I suppose it would be useless to ask you to wait outside, Liam…?”
“Aw…you know me so well.”
“I could make it an Alpha command.”
“But you won’t.  Besides, I want to see what a ritzy place like this looks like.”
Without a word, Blake entered the building.
Both men were silent, each contemplating the possible trap that awaited them, as they entered the lift and pushed the button for the penthouse.  The doors opened and the two found themselves in a lavishly decorated foyer.
“In here,” a weak voice called through an open door.
“It could be a trap,” Liam suggested in a whisper.
“You could wait outside,” Blake said with a shrug and moved towards the voice.
“I could, but then who would take care of you when you do stupid ass things,” he grumbled as he trailed after his Alpha.
The man lying in the bed had definitely seen better days, every bit of exposed skin covered in lesions.
“You have his look,” the sick man whispered.
“Why am I here?” Blake asked, ignoring the remark.
He’d been informed of his resemblance to every one of his Alpha ancestors many times before…it was old news.
“I have vital information I must impart before I die,” the man in the bed forced out between painful lips.
“What information?” 
“Come on, Boyo, he’s the enemy,” Liam objected.  “Anything he tells you is suspect at best.  We should leave him to die in his scabby misery.”
“What information?” Blake repeated.
“He is right,” Vincent wheezed, “I have been your enemy for more centuries than I care to count, but I must do this.  My illness has accelerated at an alarming rate in the past twenty-four hours and I fear I have little time left.”
“Oh, so now you’ve developed a conscience,” Liam snorted.  “How convenient for you…right before you’re sent straight to hell.  None of this father confessor crap will help you, you know.”
“Liam,” Blake rebuked.
“He is correct.  I know what is in store for me…what I agreed to in exchange for a chance at healing…”
“Was it worth it, you bastard?” Liam sneered.  “All of that innocent blood spilled over the centuries…and for what…an eternity in hell!”
“I have no defense,” Vincent admitted.  “Vengeance is an evil thing and I was given over to it.”
“Vengeance…?” Blake prompted.
“Vengeance on your ancestor, Renaud le Wyse, 3rd Earl of Lancashire…a man I hated with every ounce of my being.”
“Why?”
“There are many things I could say in answer to that, but the underlying reason…I coveted all that he had…all that he was…his father had the ear of the king, his family’s wealth and influence far exceeded that of mine, and the final insult, he claimed the woman I desired after her first husband died.  However, as difficult as it was, I learned to live with all of those annoyances as honorably as I could manage until I inadvertently discovered that he had rejected my inclusion into the Circle.  That deliberate omission pushed me over the edge.”
“You became a traitor to your own people,” Liam said in disgust, “all because you felt slighted.”
“It was more than that,” anger shone briefly in the almost lifeless eyes then faded quickly, “but you are correct…none of those were justifiable reasons, however, my sanity deserted me.  I knew why le Wyse chose those particular men for his inner circle, and that infuriated me.  I thought I had been discreet with my…associations…but somehow he knew.”
“Your associations…?”
“He means he cheated on his wife,” Liam supplied eyeing Vincent with loathing, “repeatedly.”
“A different age…the age of arranged marriages...” Vincent said with a weak shrug.  “She was no saint.  That is how marriages of convenience worked.”
“Apparently not for my ancestor,” Blake pointed out.
“No, Renaud was one of the fortunate few…able to choose his own wife.  Not everyone was so blessed.  His wife, at fifteen, had been forced to marry a man three times her age, even had a child by him before he died, yet Renaud still married her.  Many criticized his choice, his father threatened to disown him, but he never waivered.”
“Was that one of the requirements of the ‘Circle’…?  That the marriage not be one of convenience…?”
“Many of the Circle had arranged marriages,” Vincent admitted, “but Renaud’s theory was that if a man displayed a lack of commitment in his marriage, no matter the origins of that union, the same flaws could easily appear in every aspect of his life.  The men he took into his confidence had to be proven men of integrity in every area of their life.”
“Tell me, what does your master want with us.”
“Le Duc is after you and only you,” Vincent wheezed.
“Le Duc…?”
“Marcel, Duc de Vichiers, has spent billions of dollars over the centuries in an attempt to kill the Alpha.”
“Your Duc has orchestrated one slaughter after another of our pack members.”
“All incidental…merely attempts to draw out the Alpha.  You are the only one that poses a threat to him.”
“And exactly how do I pose a threat to Le Duc?”
“You do not know?”
“Let us assume for the moment that I do not.  Tell me.”
“Le Duc knows that you and you alone can kill him.”
“How does he know this?”
“He has employed many sorcerers over the centuries, each of whom claimed that Bealu imparted that information to them.”
“And how do I go about killing Le Duc?”
“I have no idea.  I know more about him than anyone else alive, yet there are certain things he reveals to no one.  I am not certain he knows exactly how you pose a threat to him.”
“Then tell us something you do know,” Liam insisted.  “Like where you are keeping Freddie and Deana.”
“They are safe…for the moment.”
“See, Blake, I told you…he is a member of the Society and will not betray his master.”
“You speak the truth.  I cannot reveal their whereabouts without his permission, much as your Pack must follow your edicts.  I have tried and failed.”
“I told you this was a bad idea, Blake.  We need to leave.”
“No,” Vincent choked out, grasping the Alpha’s forearms.
“What did you hope to gain by bringing us here?” Blake asked.
A sudden spasm of pain contorted Vincent’s face and his nails dug into Blake’s flesh as his whole body convulsed.
“I am sorry,” Vincent whispered.  “I wanted to help, but I fear I have made things worse for you.  Milord knows what I have done…he senses it.  You should leave now before his men arrive.”
“See, it’s a trap, Boyo.  Let’s get out of here.”
For a moment, Blake was still, gazing into the eyes of the sick man with an intensity that should have sent shivers of fear along Vincent’s spine.  Instead, Vincent put every emotion inside of him on display, hoping Blake would somehow be able to read them.
After a slight nod of his head, Blake released himself from the dying man’s hands and with arms already healed, followed Liam out of the flat.
Immediately after the pair entered the lift, Vincent forced his feet to the floor, slowly rose, and moved to the closet.  Bending down carefully, he picked up the packing box lying there and carried it over to the bed.
Pulling out a smaller box inside the larger one, he carefully opened it and retrieved a square piece of foam housing a small vial of liquid.  Setting the vial upright in the foam, he unscrewed the lid and placed it carefully aside as, with a heavy sigh, Vincent began scrapping the skin and already partially dried blood from beneath his nails and into the vial.
After a quick shake, he placed the vial back into the foam, the foam back into the small box, and the small box into the larger before sealing it.
Dialing a number, Vincent said in a weary voice, “It is done.  Send a currier to pick up the box.”
“One has been dispatched.”
“Then I demand you uphold your end of the bargain.”
“I release you,” Le Duc intoned.  “Enjoy hell.”
With those words, for the first time in ten centuries, Vincent was alone…truly alone.  Yanking the surgically attached earwig out of his ear, drawing blood as he did so, Vincent summoned the strength to smash it under his foot with no small amount of relish.
He was finally shut of the worst mistake anyone could ever make—that of promising a lifetime of servitude to evil incarnate in exchange for healing—and he felt an overwhelming joy…even greater than the one he’d experienced centuries earlier when Le Duc had made him whole once more.
Within minutes, however, Vincent no longer experienced anything other than excruciating pain as his skin began to age faster than he had thought possible.  Realizing he had very little time left, he punched the number 2 on his speed dial and, before the person on the other end of the line had time to say anything, he managed to whisper “Dumfries castle.”  At that point, the skin began peeling off his bones and a blood-curdling scream took over, cutting off in mid-cry as death claimed him.
He was free.

London, England
Taxi

Blake closed his cell phone on the horrific noise and leaned forward to tap the cab driver on the shoulder.
“London Luton, please.”
“On it,” the driver replied, switching gears and making a sharp left.
“You’re going to believe him, just like that,” Liam said in a low tone, once Blake settled back into his seat.  “The man outright admitted he’s full of revenge…”
“Was full of revenge.”
“Semantics.”
“Since you obviously heard the whole conversation, I’m certain you couldn’t have missed the scream at the end, so you tell me,” Blake said.  “Was he faking it?”
“It did rather curdle my blood.”
“Call Rod and let him know there has been a change of plans.”
“Do you know which castle?”  
“Yes, I know.”
“How?  And how would he know that you knew?”
“When I was a teenager…”
“Ah…during your rebellious years…which admittedly could have been all your years before then as none of us knew where you were or what you were doing…”
“During that time,” Blake interrupted, “Jean Luc decided I should learn about my ancestry.” 
“It’s the castle that your family lost when your mother and father were killed and the powers that be couldn’t find you to inherit,” Liam said nodding.  “The nearest male relative took over and it was eventually sold to pay the taxes and left your family line altogether.  I should have realized that right away.”
“No doubt Vincent felt some type of satisfaction living in my ancestral home.”
“Or he just assumed the first Alpha’s descendent would eventually seek out the owner and try to buy it.”
“There is that.”
“What will you do about the rest of our traveling companions back at the hotel?  They are scheduled to fly out in a couple of hours.”
“If Vincent’s information is correct and we find our…er…friends in Scotland, we’ll fly them back here and reassess the situation.  I don’t want to get Jay’s hopes up without cause.”
“So I call Rod and tell him how much?”
“As much as you can in the time allotted.  Also, tell him to keep it under wraps.”
“And you…?  Planning to call the youngsters at the hotel and make up some cock and bull story to explain our change of plans to an anxious Jay.”
“I don’t intend to explain anything other than their departure will be delayed.”
“The beauty of being the Alpha,” Liam said with a grin as he pulled out his phone.  “I’m also going to guess you plan to call Alexandre instead of Jay.”
Ignoring the knowing look Liam shot him, Blake punched a button and put his phone to his ear.
Liam’s grin turned into a hearty chuckle as he heard Alexandre’s “Hello” before Rod answered, forcing him to turn his attention to his own phone call.

Dover, England
Dungeon
Le Duc’s Living Quarters

Next to the figure shrouded in darkness, a phone rang.  An impossibly pale hand reached out and pushed a button.
“Speak.”
“Vincent is confirmed dead, Milord,” said a tinny voice coming through the inadequate phone speaker.
“And…?”
“You were right…after he destroyed his earwig, he made a phone call and revealed the location of the captives.”
“The package…?”
“I have it.”
“Good…do with it as I have instructed.”
“Of course, Milord.  Shall I have the prisoners silenced permanently?”
For a long moment, no one spoke.
“Milord…?” the voice asked with uncertainty.
“Allow the captives to be recovered.”
“Are you sure?”
“I have what I need from them for the moment.  However, if something should go awry with the ritual, I may require more blood.”
“We could drain every drop and store it in separate places for safe keeping.  Once young Carrington is freed, he will most certainly reveal the prophecy to the Alpha.”
“I would not consider that a disadvantage.”
“Milord…?”
“Knowing the prophecy ahead of time might actually ensure the Alpha’s acceptance of the inevitable.”
“There is that.”
“I may also once more need to use the trio as leverage.”  
“Leverage, Milord…?”
“As long as they live, they and everyone they care about are vulnerable, and I may wish to utilize that vulnerability to guarantee the Alpha’s cooperation when the time comes.”
“What of the men that I have currently watching the castle?”
“Dismiss them.  Once the wolves arrive, they will most assuredly sniff them out and kill them.  I do not wish to lose any more personnel.”
“Yes, Milord.”
“It is up to you to safely deliver the package to the address I furnished.  Do not leave the premises until we have our answer.”
Without waiting for a reply, Le Duc ended the call.

Dumfries, Scotland
Mary’s Head

“Mary, it is time.”
“I am frightened.”
“Why?”
“This new world is so different.  How could I ever fit in?”
“You have decades of observation to rely upon, you will be fine.”
“It is not the same.  I only listened…never participated.”
“Your speech patterns have developed in line with modern day speech.  No one will know you are from another time.”
“I can’t do this, Liss, I am not ready.”
“All will be well.  Trust me.”
“But….”
“I have prepared you.  You are ready.”
“I won’t know anyone.  Where will I go?”
“Someone is coming for you.”
“Who is coming for me?”
“Someone you know.”
“How can that be?  Are you there?  Wait, Liss…please come back…I’m not ready!

Dumfries, Scotland
Castle Grounds

“Liam, circle around and meet back here after you’re done.  I want to make certain there are no guards.”
“Will do, boss.”
“Keep your distance from the castle.”
“We stay human?”
“For now.”
Ten minutes later…
“Anything?” Blake asked.
“Nothing out here except us as far as I can tell.  You…?”
“Same…however, I am getting two distinct scents from inside the castle.”
“We’re too far out for me to pick anything up from inside, but I’ll take your word for it.  So…shall we?”
“Not quite yet.”
“What’s wrong?  Do you think it’s a trap?  Instead of the two kids, we have an unwelcoming welcome committee inside…?”
“One of the two scents is definitely the Carrington boy and I’m fairly certain the girl is in there with him.”
“Are they dead?”
“Both have strong heartbeats.”
“Why aren’t we going in then?”
“I’m picking up a very faint third scent.”
“Are you sure?  I’m not even getting the two yet.”
“I do have the added Alpha power.”
“Braggart,” Liam chuckled.  “I’m sure we can handle one guard.”
“I don’t believe it’s a guard.  However, there is another issue.”
“What issue would that be?”
“I’m not certain.  It’s something…something I’ve felt off and on my entire life, but have been unable to identify.”
“And this is the first you’re mentioning it because…?”
“I neither understand nor can describe it so exactly how would that have helped?”
“Point taken,” Liam agreed.  “Why are you bringing it up now?”
“Because the feeling is much stronger than it’s ever been; it’s almost like it’s centered here at my family’s castle.”
“Maybe that’s it…maybe you’re simply feeling a strong connection to this place.  After all, it’s a part of your heritage.”
“I don’t think so.  I didn’t feel this the last time I visited.”
“Huh…well, what is the closest thing you can compare it to?”
“It’s like…like a presence of some sort…and it feels as if…”
“Maybe you’ve been sensing the vampire and it’s hitting you harder because he’s in the castle waiting for us.  Maybe the third scent is the vampire.”
“The third scent is female…and human…and very familiar, but at the same time, not familiar at all.”
“Familiar, but not familiar…?  Ambiguous much…?”
“It is hard to explain.”
“Are you sure that’s all you sense?”
“Two females and one male…there is no doubt.”
“Okay then maybe vampires don’t have any odor.  Having never met one, no way to know.  Maybe we should wait and…”
“Let’s go.”
“Go…?  Now…?  What about that third scent?” Liam asked, but he was talking to air, his Alpha already halfway to the entrance of the castle.
With one well-placed kick, the huge wooden front door burst its hinges, hanging simply by the various locks.
As Liam entered the castle behind his Alpha, it hit him like a sledgehammer and every bit of breath left his body on a barely audible “No!”
Glancing behind him, Blake saw Liam clutching his midsection, bent over much like an old man, his usually ruddy complexion totally gone, replaced by a sickly shade of grey.
Instantly, the Alpha was by his side, supporting him.
“Liam!” Blake exclaimed in alarm, having never seen nor felt his long time friend in such a state.  “Are you ill?”
“It can’t be,” Liam whispered, the anguish in his voice unmistakable.
“What can’t be?”
“She’s here.”
“Who is here, Liam?  I can feel your pain and confusion, but I have no idea what’s happening.”
“She’s here…I smell her.”
“Who is here?”
“My mate,” he finally managed to choke out before fainting dead away.
Realizing he could do nothing for his friend, Blake left the unconscious figure and moved towards the familiar yet unfamiliar scent of Liam’s mate as well as the other two human scents.
He questioned neither Liam’s statement nor the odd situation as he moved swiftly upstairs.
Topping the stairs, he debated on which of the three rooms to investigate first.  Sensing that the first two rooms were empty, he zeroed in on the closed door of the third one.
Sensitive ears tuned to the ever so slight movements in the room, Blake realized that the three prisoners would have heard the door splintering and may very well have taken up a defensive posture.
Tapping lightly on the door, Blake asked, “Deana…Freddie…Are you in there?”
“Blake?” an incredulous voice asked as the door swung open.
“You should put the chair down before you do yourself an injury,” Blake suggested in a mild tone at the sight of Freddie holding a chair over his head apparently prepared to do serious damage to enemy heads.            
“We thought…it sounded like someone was breaking in,” Deana explained as Freddie put the chair down and collapsed into it.
“I apologize for frightening you.  The door was locked and I had little choice.”
“You broke down the door?” Deana asked wide-eyed.  “That heavy wooden door…how in the world…?”
“We shall discuss that later.  Is anyone injured?”
“Injured, no…but Mary is in a coma,” Deana said, opening the door wider to reveal the beautiful girl lying on the bed.
“Mary…” a hoarse voice said from behind Blake.  “What have they done to you?”
Pushing Blake out of the way, Liam stumbled to the bed and fell to his knees beside it.
“Are you her mate?” Deana asked in a tentative voice.
“I was…I should have been…but she rejected me,” Liam stammered.  “She shouldn’t be here…she should be dead by now…how is this possible?”
“According to Vincent,” Freddie offered, “she’s been in a coma since 1903.”

Dumfries, Scotland
Mary’s Head

“Liam…you are here…after all of these years…you are here.  You’ve come for me.  I didn’t reject you, Liam, you left me.  I am so sorry for doubting you…for feeling frightened…I should never have sent you away, but I needed time to process what had happened.  I did not mean for you to leave me permanently.  I miss you.  I love you.  Please love me, too.”

Dumfries, Scotland
Castle Grounds

“Shouldn’t we stay under cover or something?” Deana asked glancing around in fear.  “What if Vinnie comes back and sees that we’re escaping?”
“That bastard is dead,” Liam growled.
“Dead…?” Deana faltered.
Reaching out a steadying hand, Freddie gently grasped her elbow to support her.
“How did he die?”
“Blake has a theory, but who knows,” Liam said with a shrug as he gently slid into the backseat of the van holding his mate in his arms, “or cares.”
“Blake…?” Deana ventured.
“I believe that his master released him and the disease returning full force killed him almost instantly,” Blake said as he opened the driver’s side door.  “Either that or his true age literally caught up with him.”
“What do you mean his true age?”
“He was born in the eleventh century.”
“What?”
“The two of you should sit in the back with Liam.”
“So we aren’t safe?” Freddie asked as he helped Deana into the van.
“I believe the vampire is allowing us to leave, but regardless, we should exercise caution.”
“Why would he do that…?  Let us go…?” Deana asked.
“From what you have shared, he now has the prophecy as well as your blood.  You are no longer of use to him.”
“Then why didn’t he kill us?” Freddie asked.  “The Society does not normally leave loose ends.”
“He may have use of you in the future.”
“He will need your blood, too,” Deana said.  “The prophecy said so.  How do you think he’ll…”
“Is that what…?” Liam began before Blake interrupted him.
Liam felt the Alpha power a split second before he realized that Blake didn’t want the young people to know his blood had already been taken.
“I don’t believe you are a loose end yet,” Blake assured them.  “If something goes awry, he may need more blood.”
“Well, he’s not getting any more of mine,” Deana said with a shudder.  “Is that how you found us?  Did the vampire tell you where we were?”
“No, Vinnie did, with his dying breath.”
“I guess you were right about him, Deana,” Freddie said.  “I’m glad he had some humanity left in him after all…for your sake.”
“I believe the man’s conscience has been tortured for a millennium by what he agreed to do for the vampire.”
“As it should be,” Liam muttered.
“I could see he was tormented by what he was forced to do,” Deana said.  “There was something very gentle about him.”
“You are the type to see the good in people,” Blake noted, “although, it has been my experience that not everyone has a redeeming quality.”
“Maybe, but I prefer to believe everyone does…even you.”
“Do I take that to mean I’m forgiven for keeping you in the dark?”
“I don’t hold grudges.”
“Speaking of grudges…your parents will be at the Ranch on Friday.  You are welcome to explain everything to them.  I just ask that they keep our secret.”
“You think they will hold a grudge against you for what you did to me?”
“Don’t you?”
“Okay, probably.”
“Will they keep the secret?”
“Yes, I can promise you that.  Once they realize what’s at stake, I’m sure I can convince them.”
“There are two more things that I need from you and Freddie.”
“What two things?”
“First, I need both of you to promise to keep the prophecy to yourselves.”
“Why?”
“I have my reasons.”
“As in, tell absolutely no one?” Freddie asked.
“Yes.”
Freddie thought for a moment before nodding.
“Wait…Freddie…that means more secrets from our friends…I don’t want to do that.”
“Deana, knowing the prophecy is a burden and one that could very well ruin whatever is left of our friends’ lives.”
“What do you mean?”
“Imagine living with the knowledge that your mate may not live long…how would you react?”
“Not well.”
“Whatever time they have left needs to be lived to the fullest, not with the constant fear of the end.”
“But they have a right to know, don’t they?”
“And I will tell them, Deana,” Blake assured her, “when the time is right.”
“Promise…”
“My word on it.”
“Then I’ll keep it quiet for now.”
“Thank you.”
“You’re welcome.  What’s the second thing?”
“I would also appreciate it if you would not discuss any of this within hearing of two of the Macintosh sisters.”
“Only two…?”
“Brittany and Stephanie are now mated, Samantha and Tiffany are not and have no knowledge of shapeshifters.”
“That doesn’t seem fair.”
“Allow me to pose a question.
“Okay…”
“If you knew you were a member of the bloodline, how would you react every time you met someone new?”
“I suppose I’d be worried about whether or not they were…normal.”
“And so I reiterate, do not discuss this in any proximity to the two unmated sisters.  Do we have an accord?”
“We do,” Deana said with a sigh.  “I suppose two is better than none.”
“That’s the spirit,” Freddie said with a chuckle.  “I knew you couldn’t go more than ten minutes with anything other than a positive attitude.”

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Ranch House Foyer

“Brit!” Maggie exclaimed as she embraced the girl who had stolen her son’s heart.
“I’m so glad you’re here,” Brit whispered in her ear desperately trying not to burst into tears.
“You know I would have been here earlier if at all possible,” Maggie said pulling back a bit to meet Brit’s eyes, the tears shimmering in her own.  “So much has happened and I wish I could have been there for you.”
“Thank you, that means a lot.”
“I would be thrilled to be able to call you my daughter…if that’s okay with you.”
“That’s so…so…”
Brit couldn’t finish and settled for a vigorous nod.
“Hey, what about me?” Felix asked, providing a breath of fresh air to the two emotional women.  “Am I chopped liver or something?”
“I hope not because Quort is suddenly a bit obsessed with Georgia coming up with a good recipe for liver and onions and I’m afraid he might insist on using you for the main course,” Brit joked, thankful for a return to emotional sanity.
“How is Quort?”
“He’s good and now he knows everything.”
“Everything…?” Maggie echoed, eye wide.  “What exactly do you mean by ‘everything’?”
“Seems Georgia formed an attachment to him…so gave him the four one one on the shapeshifters.”
“Georgia told him?  I didn’t know she could talk.”
“Quort’s not the type to let a little thing like that stop him.”
“He’s not…they haven’t…?” Maggie stuttered.
“I don’t know and that would be TMI.  All I know is that Quort’s different with her than any other girl I’ve ever seen him with, so…I guess we’ll see.”

Thursday, June 21st

London, England
Guys’ Hotel Room

“Go ’way,” Mike mumbled pulling the covers over his head.
“I’ll get it,” Jay offered as he slid out of bed curious as to the source of the familiar scent he couldn’t quite place.
“It’s three in the bloody morning,” Mike groused.  “Whoever it is, kick their asses for me, will ya?”
“You should not use that term in so cavalier a manner,” Alexandre rebuked.  “It is quite a powerful curse word.”
“Another thing I don’t want to hear at three in the bloody morning,” Mike muttered.  “Pompous-ass Brit.”
“Mike…” Jay rebuked as he unlocked the deadbolt.
“Fine…Pompous-ass Englishman.”
Opening the door a slit, Jay was surprised to feel the door pushed into him.
“Deana…?” Jay exclaimed in shock attempting to rub his blurry eyes, convinced he was seeing things.  “Is that really you?”
“Jay!” Deana squealed and threw herself into his arms then promptly burst into tears.
For a long moment, no one spoke.  Jay held her tightly, unshed tears choking him as she wept.
Finally, Deana sniffled a few times and pulled back from him.
“I’m so sorry, Deana,” he whispered, the pain obvious in his voice.  “You don’t know how sorry I am for everything that’s happened.”
“It’s okay, Jay,” Deana said cupping his cheek with her hand, “Freddie explained it all to me and I understand.”
“Freddie,” Jay said catching sight of him standing in the doorway.  “Thanks for taking care of her.”
“She did all of the caretaking,” Freddie corrected.  “I was in a sorry state when I arrived at the castle.”
“Castle…?  What castle?”
“It was somewhere in Scotland,” Deana answered.  “Can we come in?”
“Oh, right…sorry.  Come on in and shut the door.  Does Blake know you’re here?”
“He’s the one that rescued us.”
“Deana,” a voice ventured from behind Jay, “I am happy you are safe.”
“Alexandre…?” Deana questioned in a stunned voice.  “What are you doing here?”
“I, too, must apologize for my part in the whole fiasco.”
“Your part…you mean…does that mean…are you…you’re a…a…you’re one of them?”
“Yes.”
“Freddie never mentioned that.”
“I do not recall having that information,” Freddie said with knitted brows.  “Of course, some of my earlier conversations are rather fuzzy because of the concussion.”
“You are looking a bit peaky,” Alexandre noted in concern indicating a place on one of the unmade beds.  “Perhaps you should sit.”
“I am a little tired from the trip,” Freddie said as he headed for the indicated spot.
“Oh, I’m so sorry, Freddie,” Deana said rushing to his side to help him.  “I sometimes forget that you’re still healing…you’re doing so well.”
“I am fine,” he assured her, placing his arm across her shoulders as she wrapped an arm around his waist, “but I do appreciate the assistance.”
“Well, while we’re all apologizing…I’m Mike and I’m the one that deleted all of the information on the school’s computers so you couldn’t find anything, so…sorry about that.”
“It’s okay,” Deana said as Freddie carefully lowered himself onto the bed.
“But in my defense,” Mike added, “the Alpha made me do it.”
“That does rather lessen the effects of an apology,” Alexandre noted.  “However, I suppose we could all say that.”
“It really is okay,” Deana insisted as she seated herself next to Freddie and took his hand in hers.  “Blake and I hashed all of that out and he takes full responsibility for everything.”
“So you and Blake are good?” Jay asked eyeing the handholding thoughtfully.
“We are and he promised I can tell my parents when we get to the ranch.”
“Wow, that’s major,” Mike said with a whistle.  “Blake might be mellowing in his old age.”
“I promised him they wouldn’t tell anybody,” Deana continued.
“Okay, same old Blake.”
“Be ready to depart for the jet in two hours,” a voice reached the shapeshifters’ ears.
“It’s the middle of the night, Blake; have a heart,” Mike complained before adding, “Hey, I thought Blake’s room was too far from ours to hear us.”
“That’s what you get for thinking,” Deana said automatically and she and Jay burst into laughter.
“Oh no, not you, too,” Mike groaned.  “I can’t buy a break around here.”
“Sorry,” Deana said with an impish grin.  “You sounded so much like Quort that Brit’s standard reply just slipped out.”
“Everybody and their dog knows Brit except me,” Mike groused.  “I’ve got to meet this girl.”
“It will be an experience you’ll never forget,” Deana promised with laugh.
“I’ll second that,” Jay concurred before throwing Alexandre a warning look.
“I believe it is time to pack,” Alexandre said instead.
“I’ll second that, too.”

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Brit’s Bedroom

Jerked out of a sound sleep, Brit sat up and yelled, “What?  Really?  How?  When?”
While she was listening to the reply, not surprisingly, Dr. Minsk burst through the doorway with his wife right behind him, both still slipping on dressing gowns.
“What is it?” he demanded.
“It’s Dee!  And Freddie!  They’re safe!”
Dawn breathed a sigh of relief.
“Are you certain?”
“Wait a sec…What?  Liam, the Beta…?  I haven’t met him, but I thought you said his mate rejected him.”
“She did…” Dawn began.
Holding up her hand, Brit listened for a moment.
“I think our brains must have a bad connection…did you say a coma for over a century?  That’s a hundred years, Jay…there’s no way…”
At that, Minsk left the room.  Dawn, however, sat on the edge of Brit’s bed and listened.
“Is Liam okay?  That’s gotta be a major shocker.”
“Are Deana and Freddie in good physical condition?” Dawn asked, touching her on the arm.
“Oh, right…let me ask.  Jay, are Dee and Freddie okay?  I mean, Freddie was in pretty bad shape when he left here.”
After listening a moment, she said, “Great, let me tell Dawn.  Oh, it’s Dr. Minsk’s wife.  Jay said Dee is in perfect health and Freddie is mending well.”
“That is wonderful!”
“Seriously…?  That’s awesome!”
“What?”
“Just a sec, Jay…they’re on the jet about to take off, Dawn!  I’m so excited!  What?  No, of course I’m not going back to sleep, silly boy.  Earth to Jay…I just said I was excited and that means no sleep for me.  Well, that’s true, I don’t want to be tired when you get home.  What time is it anyway?  Wow, barely even midnight here?  Okay, maybe a short nap then.  Fine, I’ll sleep for a long time, bossy boyfriend.  Yes, love you, too.  See you soon!”
“Very good news,” Dawn said with a huge smile on her face.
“Very good indeed, as your husband would say,” Brit said with a yawn.  “You know, I think I will grab some shut-eye.  I hadn’t been asleep long when Jay woke me up.”
“I’ll go share the good news with Jay’s parents.”
“Thanks, Dawn…night.”
“Goodnight Brit, sleep well.”
“That’s the plan.”

London Luton
In the Air

Once the jet reached altitude, Alexandre made the couch into a bed for Freddie who nodded his appreciation before collapsing into it.  He was asleep within minutes.
“Deana,” Jay whispered from his seat near the front, “do you want to sit and talk?”
“That would be great,” she whispered back.  “Would you mind if I take the aisle seat so I can watch for Freddie?”
“No problem,” Jay said moving to the window seat.  “You and Freddie…Brit thought there was something there.  I guess she was right.”
“We were…um…interested…that first time we met, but we became good friends while we were at the castle.”
“Just friends…?” Jay asked raising an eyebrow.
“I don’t know; we really haven’t had time to think about anything else.”
“But you want there to be more.”
“I love him,” she whispered, “but I don’t want him to think…to feel…”
“Guilty…?”
“It has to be the real thing for him, too, not just guilt over thinking he wronged me; otherwise, we don’t have anything.”
“I’m happy for you, Deana.”
“Are you sure?  You don’t hate him?”
“He has more than made up for it and besides, even if he hadn’t been involved, it would have still happened.  Perhaps a bit differently, but the same end result.  I’m thankful he was there and had a conscience.  Otherwise, Brit would have died.”
“Will Brit forgive me for being so mean to her?”
“I’m fairly certain she’s hoping you’ll forgive her.  She feels awful about everything and did try to tell you even though it was forbidden.”
“Freddie told me.  That’s so Brit…risking everything for me.”
“I’m glad you’ll be there for our wedding.  It wouldn’t have been the same without you.”
“I can’t believe you two are already getting married.  I’m happy for you, just in a bit of shock.”
“Because of the circumstances, things moved faster than they normally would have, but I don’t regret it for a minute.”
“Being mated takes the guesswork out of everything.”
“You sound almost…envious.”
“Well, those of us who live in the real world have to figure all of that out on our own.”
“Don’t worry…if it’s right with Freddie, it will work out.”
“Easy for you to say.”
“And if he hurts you, there is a whole wolf pack that will take him down,” Jay said only half joking.
“Don’t you dare,” Deana threatened, “or I’ll have your hide and use it for a rug.”
“We’re not bears,” Jay pointed out.
“Fur by any other name…”

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Quort’s Bedroom

“Quort…hey Quort…are you awake?”
“I am now,” he grumbled as he turned over and rubbed his eyes.  “What time is it?”
“It’s seven and guess what…”
“Seven…?  In the morning…?  What the hell, Brit?”
“Well, I suppose I could go back to my room and wait until you’ve slept the day away before I give you the good news,” Brit said as she plopped down on the end of his bed.  “Man, it’s cool not to have to hide stuff from you anymore.” 
“What stuff?  What’s going on?”
“They’re on the jet as we speak and heading home.”
“Who is?”
“All of them!  Jay and Dee and Freddie…they’re all fine and we’ll get to see them some time this afternoon, hopefully.”
“Oh wow, that’s awesome!”
“They’re all okay and even though I’m worried that something will happen on their way here, because you and I both now realize that anything could happen, I think it will all be fine and we’ll all be together again and then Jay and I can get married and start our life together…”
“And have sex…blah blah blah…you know you can take a breath anytime now,” Quort interrupted.  “Man, you are on hyper drive.”
“Sorry, I just have all of this excess energy because the doc couldn’t take me riding yesterday and he won’t let Sinclair take me out…”
“Sin…” Quort corrected.
“I don’t like calling him that.”
“He prefers it.”
“I know, but I still don’t like calling him that.”
“Maybe he won’t mind; he’s pretty laid back.  And it’s a good thing, too, since he’s about to meet the girl responsible for the bad guys finding and killing his parents and that’s some bad road.”
“Wait…what…?  What do you mean?  Are you saying Dee seeing Sinclair shift got them killed?”
“You didn’t know…” Quort said in surprise.
“So Sinclair’s parents were murdered by The Society because of what Dee did?”
“That’s what Georgia told me.”
“Oh my gosh, that will kill her soul!  We can’t ever let her know that.”
“You know we’re talking about Dee here, right…?  The girl that spent ten years hunting down a werewolf she saw one time when she was ten…?  So, good luck with that.”

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Barn

“Sinclair, can we talk?”
As predicted, Brit received no response.  Walking over to the huge darkly colored horse Sinclair was brushing, Brit held out her hand and the horse nuzzled it with his nose.
“Aw…he’s so sweet.  What’s his name?”
“Diablo.”
“Diablo…?  Who would name a sweet horse like this Diablo?”
“He’s Blake’s.”
“Well, that figures.”
“If you tried to ride him, you’d agree with his name.”
“Do you ride him?”
“Yes.”
“Does anybody else besides you and Blake ride him?”
“No.”
“What would he do if I tried to ride him?”
“Buck you off before you could swing your leg over.”
“Would you do that to me, Diablo?” Brit asked moving closer and petting his soft velvety nose.  “What kind of horse is he?  He’s a lot taller than Sandy.”
“Sandy is a quarter horse and mustang mix.  Diablo has thoroughbred added in, which explains his height.”
“Is that what I have to do to get you to talk?  Make it all about horses?”
“I love horses,” he said with a shrug.
“That’s something we have in common,” Brit said smiling.  “I’d never even met a horse before, but now…”
“What do you want?”
“Well, that’s direct.  So, okay, now that you’re paying attention…”
“I always pay attention.”
“Let me rephrase…now that I have your active participation…I want to talk about my friend, Dee.”
“What about her?”
“Well…she’ll be here shortly…”
“And…”
“I couldn’t help but wonder…are you angry with Dee for…you know…exposing all of you to the Society?  Dee would never have done that if she’d known she was putting anyone at risk.”
“You think I hold her responsible for my parents’ murder?”
“Don’t you?”
“No…I alone am responsible for that.”
“You…what…?”
As Brit stared at him in amazement, Sinclair sent Diablo off with a light slap on the rump.
“Oh my gosh!  You think it’s your fault.”
“It is my fault.  I’m the one that shifted without permission in a public place.”
“A deserted public place…at night…when nobody was around…besides which, you were just a kid.  You couldn’t have been more than what…ten…?”
“Eleven…and old enough to know better.”
“There is no way you were responsible for anything more than just being a kid.  We all did stupid stuff when we were young.  That was kind of in our job description.”
“My parents were slaughtered because of it.  I don’t believe that’s in anyone’s job description.”
“Sinclair…”
“Sin…I prefer Sin,” he said before turning and striding out of the barn.
“And now I know why…” Brit whispered, tears rolling down her cheeks unheeded.

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Ranch House Kitchen

“Emily didn’t come,” Dawn said in disappointment.
“I think she was planning to come, but then changed her mind at the last minute.  I’m sorry, Sis.  I tried.”
“I know you did, Sunnie.  We had such a good talk and…oh well, I’ll just go see her after this is all over.”
“She’ll love that.”
“Is she staying at your house?”
“When I left, she hadn’t decided where to stay.  Both places are home to her, but when I’m not there, I think she prefers your house.”
“Jean Luc said Butch and Pierre are watching over her…?”
“Yes, they drove down from BC right after this whole thing started.  Emily has always liked them and promised to behave and keep them informed as to her movements.  Blake checks in with the guys at least once a day to make sure everything is going well.  I told her I would drag her kicking and screaming all the way to the Ranch if she didn’t cooperate.”
“I don’t understand her at all,” Dawn confessed.  “When she was young she always begged to come here, but I don’t think she’s set foot on the Ranch since she was sixteen.”
“I’ve always thought it was because she had a crush on someone here.”
“You mean like Mike…?”
“Or Sinclair…I mean who wouldn’t have a crush on that boy.”
“He can probably hear you, Sunnie.”
“Hey Sinclair, if I weren’t old enough to be your mother and wasn’t married to the most perfect man in the world, I’d be coming for you,” Sunnie called, laughing.
They both heard an answering chuckle and smiled at each other.  Sinclair had a sensitive soul and a gentle sense of humor and both women loved him dearly.  He and Georgia had lived at the Ranch for a decade and no one could imagine life there without them.
“Most girls would have begged to visit if they had feelings for someone here,” Sunnie said.
“We both know that Emily isn’t most girls,” Dawn said sighing.  “She is determined to stay as far away from a wolf mating as possible.”
“You and I are so happy in our marriages, I just don’t understand it.  Where did we go wrong?”
“There is no wrong here.  She wants a normal life with no extra complications; I can’t blame her for that.  Life is complex enough without adding more to the mix.”
“It makes me sad to think she’s missing out on so many family things, like Rick’s wedding, because of it.”
“Well, maybe she’ll change her mind and show up at the last minute.  We have some time.”
“Do we have a definite date yet?”
“No, not yet, Brit wanted to talk to her sister in person before they decided.  Besides which, Brit doesn’t have a dress.”
“And your husband isn’t about to let her go wandering around the countryside trying to find one, is he?”
“He thinks she’s a trouble magnet.”
“Did he say that?”
“I’m paraphrasing,” Dawn admitted laughing.
“Rick told me on the phone this morning that Stephanie was going shopping for a dress today.”
“Is he going to risk the bad luck of seeing the dress before the wedding?”
“Actually, he decided to let Stephanie’s cousin escort her.”
“I’m guessing he won’t be far away, though.”
“You’re right…he has some shopping of his own to do and thankfully he can find what he needs very close to the bridal shop.”
“Rick…shopping…?”
“There is something he needs to buy, but with everything going on, he hasn’t had the time.”
At Dawn’s questioning look, Sunnie said, “An engagement ring.”
“Oh, right,” Dawn said nodding.  “So, how do you feel about your oldest twin getting married?”
“Rick has always felt…incomplete,” Sunnie said.  “Unlike Nick, Rick was only interested in finding his mate, not casual dating, so I’m thrilled for him.”
“Even though she’s just seventeen?”
“She’s got to be the most mature seventeen-year-old on the planet, because Rick wouldn’t have fallen for a normal teenager.”
“I would agree with that.  Do you think Nick will ever find his mate?”
“Not for a long time…if ever.”
“They all settle down eventually.  Seeing Liam reunited with his mate after all of these years might have a profound effect on him.”
“We can hope, but I wouldn’t hold my breath.  Nick is as opposed to finding a mate as Emily is.”
“They are living proof that sometimes too much knowledge can be a dangerous thing.  Even though it was a shock to discover that shapeshifters were real, wondering all the time if you’re going to meet your mate and have your fate sealed for you must be quite daunting, as Jean Luc would say.”
“I suppose this is the part where I remind you that we ‘have a choice’; however, you and I both know it’s really no choice at all.  I could have no more turned Rod away than I could have taken a knife and stabbed myself through the heart, because that’s what it would have felt like.  I guess, in a way, that’s why I’m fine with Rick marrying a seventeen-year-old.  We have the advantage of knowing they are one-hundred percent right for each other and we both know, firsthand, the pain they would suffer if forced to live apart.”
“Stephanie’s parents must be incredibly understanding to allow it.  I’m not sure how I’d feel if Alexandre married even at his age, and he’s older than Rick’s mate.  That is just so young to have to let go of your childhood…or your children, for that matter.”
“Well, at least Rick and Stephanie will live across the street from her parents for a while.  That may help with the transition.”
“I’m looking forward to meeting the Macintosh family.  If they are anything like Brit, the next couple of weeks should be very interesting.”
“Indeed, as your husband is so fond of saying.”

London, England
Blake’s Hotel Room

“What do you think, Doctor Dawson?” Blake asked.
“I have no idea,” the doctor replied scratching his head.  “I must admit, I have never seen anything like this…not in decades of treating patients.”
“What exactly is ‘this’?”
“As far as I can tell, Mary is in some sort of stasis.”
“What does that mean?”
“She is obviously not aging.  Also, she does not require any type of nourishment.  All I can say is that is some strong magic.”
“Magic…?” Blake asked in surprise.
“What else would you call it?”
“Hmm…”
“I have done all I can, which is nothing at all,” the doctor said as he packed up his instruments.
“No ideas on how to…er…awaken the girl?”
“True love’s kiss,” he suggested with a wry smile.  “In other words, your guess is as good, if not better, than mine.  Perhaps try your ‘Alpha power’ on her…?”
“I attempted that at the castle.”
“Then I am at a loss.  Call me if you think I can help with anything else.  I shall see myself out.”
“Thanks.”

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Quort’s Bedroom

“They’re landing soon!” Brit squealed running to the window.
“About time,” Quort grumbled.  “I’m beyond tired of your running commentary, Howard Cosell.”
“Who’s Howard Cosell?” Georgia asked.
“Girl, you’ve got a lot of catching up to do if you want to get all of my references.”
“Not really,” Georgia replied in a quiet voice, rearranging the dishes on the tray to take back to the kitchen.  “You probably won’t be here much longer.”
“Uh oh,” Brit mumbled.  “Um…I’m just going to go now and see if I can…”
Realizing neither of her companions cared, Brit shrugged and left the room.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Quort asked with narrowed eyes.
“Your friends are rescued…right?”
“Yeah, so what?”
“And as soon as Blake fixes things, there won’t be any reason for you to stay.”
“Are you trying to get rid of me?”
“No, but…”
“It sounds like it.”
“I’m not, but once the situation is resolved, there won’t be any reason for you to stay.”
“So you said already.  Damn girl, you are trying to get rid of me, aren’t you?  Did I do something wrong?”
“No!” she exclaimed in horror before modulating her voice and continuing.  “No…not at all.  I would never do that.”
“If you’re tired of cooking for me, you can tell me.  I don’t mind fending for myself.”
“Of course I’m not tired of cooking for you…I love cooking.”
“Then what is it?  Are you mad at me because I made you tell me what’s going on around here?”
“That was my decision,” Georgia said lifting her chin in defiance.  “Nobody made me.”
“Then why have you been different since the greenhouse?  And don’t try to tell me I’m imagining things because I know you and I know that I’m not…imagining things, that is.”
“I have to take this downstairs,” Georgia said picking up the tray and moving towards the door.
“I’ll take that,” Quort said from beside her.
“What are you doing?” Georgia asked wide-eyed.
“What I should have done a long time ago,” he said as he set the tray on the dresser and turned towards her.  Taking her hands in his, he gazed deeply into her eyes and asked, “Georgia…er…Georgia Whatever-Your-Last-Name-Is, will you be my girlfriend?”

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Blake’s Study

“Dr. Minsk, I want to meet them at the airfield and I’m not taking no for an answer.”
“The vehicle is parked at the front of the house and Sinclair is prepared to drive you.”
“You already arranged that…?  I mean, thank you…oh wait…I wanted…um…is there any way…I admit, I’m stumped.  I don’t know how to ask this.”
“To use your own words, Ms. Macintosh, simply spit it out.”
“Okay, first of all, I wouldn’t say simply and second of all…well, the rest is right so anyway, here goes…would you mind driving me instead of Sinclair?  There’s something I want to talk to you about.”
“Regarding…?”
“Quort and Georgia and Sinclair,” Brit whispered.
“I see,” Minsk said nodding with a thoughtful expression on his face.  “I am certain Sinclair will not mind staying here to watch over things, and it would not come amiss to examine young Freddie as soon as he lands.  Shall we…?”
With a nod, Brit preceded him out of the house.

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Private Airstrip

“Dee!” Brit said running flat out towards the group disembarking.  “Dee!”
As soon as Deana stepped off the stairs, her whole body was wrapped in a bear hug and her feet left the ground.
“I’ve missed you so much,” Deana whispered in a choked voice, arms encircling Brit’s neck and face buried in her shoulder.
“So that’s Amazon Brit,” a voice said from above them as the owner of the voice made his way down the stairs.  “I gotta say…wow!”
“Go get him,” Deana whispered in her ear before Brit released her and she landed back on her feet.
“So you’re Mister Nothing-Better-to-do-Than-Gossip-Like-an-Old-Woman Britches…” Brit began in an ominous tone before spotting the man she loved coming down the stairs behind Mike.
Jay was supporting a Freddie that seemed better in some ways and worse in others.  The trip must have been hard on him.  Turning back towards the doctor, she saw him already heading to help, followed closely by a determined Deana.  The two of them met Jay and Freddie as soon as they were on the ground.
“I shall take him from here,” Minsk said in a gentle voice.  “Go see your mate.”
Without a word, Jay turned and ran.  Brit met him halfway, threw herself into his arms, and for the first time ever, cried unashamedly.

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Private Airstrip Cockpit

“What are you doing back so soon?” Rod asked from his seat in the cockpit.  “I thought you were going to say hi to Jean Luc.”
“Not with that screamin’ meanie out there,” Nick said with a shudder as he sank back into the co-pilot’s seat.  “She already ripped Mike a new one.  I don’t need a second butt-hole.”
“Who…?  Brit…?” Rod asked in feigned surprise.  “Why she’s such a sweet girl.  What’s the problem?”
“Oh, shut up.”
“And just think, her sister’s about to be your sister-in-law,” Rod said with a chuckle.  “That makes Amazon Brit practically your sister.”
“You’re really enjoying this, aren’t you?”
“If you treated women better, you wouldn’t have to hide out in the cockpit while everyone else is enjoying life.
“I treat women just fine.”
“Oh wow, just think of all the family gatherings where Brit might show up; the possibilities are endless.  Not to worry, though, I’ll help you find some good hiding places.”
“You’re a riot.”
“And when your mother meets Brit, I’m sure they will hit it off right away.  She’ll be looking forward to many many family gatherings with the family of her future daughter-in-law.”
“Just kill me now.”  

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Blake’s Study

“He asked her to be his girlfriend.”
“Oh my,” Dawn said in distress.
“Apparently, it is a good thing.”
“How?  Brit said that he…that he always…”
“Not this time,” Minsk assured her.
“Are you sure?”
“Before we left for the jet, Quort told Ms. Macintosh this was different and she has no reason to believe otherwise.  Apparently, Quort has never had an actual relationship with a young lady.”
“So their relationship is…?”
“Strictly platonic…a kiss on the cheek so far…nothing more.”
“Thank goodness,” Dawn said heaving a sigh of relief.  “Georgia is so sweet and innocent…I would hate to see her hurt.”
“According to Ms. Macintosh, we may have seen the last of Quort the Womanizer.”
“Then why the worried look?”
“Worried look…?” Minsk asked raising an eyebrow.
“To anyone else you are perfectly calm and in control; however, I know that slight narrowing of the eyes all too well.  What else did Brit tell you on the way to the airstrip?”
“Apparently, I have failed Sinclair.”
“You have?”
“He is still riddled with guilt over the death of his parents and Ms. Macintosh believes he will be unable to move on without help.”
“She tore into you for not realizing it, didn’t she?”
“As you say…”
“Well, he certainly had us all fooled, because I don’t believe even Georgia knows that and she knows him better than anyone.  How did Brit find out about it?”
“He told her.”
“He came right out and said that?” Dawn asked in amazement.  “What type of conversation with Sinclair could lead to that type of revelation?”
“The one involving Deana, and Sinclair’s possible resentment of her.”
“Ah…” Dawn said with a comprehending nod.  “Leave it to Brit to think of something like that.”
“Indeed.”
“And with that one word, I can see that Brit leaves you perplexed.  Just when you think you have her all figured out, she throws you a curve.”

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Private Airstrip

“I’ll be back in a couple of hours.”
“Where are you going?  I thought we were supposed to head right back to get Blake and the others.”
“I need to talk to Jean Luc and make some phone calls to set a few things in motion for Blake.  Besides, your mother is here and I’m not going to pass up an opportunity to see her.”
“Mom usually meets us when we land.  What happened?”
“She didn’t say when she called.  Don’t worry, I won’t be long.”
“What am I supposed to do while you’re gone?”
“Gas up the jet, do the preflight, make sure nothing’s broken…whatever needs doing…unless you want to come with me?  We could do all of that after we return.”
“No thanks.”
“Your mom will be disappointed.”
“Tell her I’ll see her when we get back.”
“Will do,” Rod said as he moved out of the cockpit.  “Hey, Alexandre.”
“Hello Uncle Rod.”
“So, are you going to explain who you’re hiding out from?”
Alexandre shrugged.
“Amazon Brit, too?” Rod asked in disbelief.  “There’s no way she threatened you…the perfect gentleman.”
“No, she never threatened me.”
“Then what…oh…ah…okay…well, I’ll see the two of you later.”
Moving into the hangar towards the couple of motorcycles he kept there, Rod murmured, “Family get-togethers will never be the same again.”

Glenbrook, California
Macintosh House

“I apologize for the lateness of the hour, Mr. Macintosh,” Grant said as Trey opened the front door.  “I was unavoidably detained.”
“You must be Grant,” Cynthia said joining her husband at the door.  “Come in while I call Tiffany.”
“I’m already here, Mom,” Tiffany said from behind her.  “We should get on the road.”
“I’d like to take a few minutes to get to know Grant,” Trey said.  “If you have no objection, Grant?”
“None at all, Mr. Macintosh.”
“Please, come into the living room,” Cynthia offered.
“Thank you, Mrs. Macintosh.”
“Would you like anything to drink?”
“No thank you.”
“So, Grant,” Trey began clearing his throat, “what’s your last name.”
“Fine, sir.”
“Grant Fine,” Tiffany murmured.  “Good to know.”
Meeting Grant’s eyes, Tiffany smirked, but the smirk faltered at his wink.  Her eyes narrowed and silently asked him if he was lying about his last name.  With a barely perceptible shrug, Grant turned back to her father.
“…plans for the trip,” Trey was saying.  “Are you driving straight through or making stops?”
“We will drive tonight and part of tomorrow, then stop for a rest on Friday.”
“Then I suppose we should expect you some time Saturday?” Cynthia asked.
“Yes ma’am.”
“Who are you people and what have you done with my parents?” Tiffany asked in disbelief.  “You never trust anything in boy pants and you’re going to trust a complete stranger in man pants…?  And he’s as old as Methuselah and you’re just now meeting him and you’ve got to be kidding me.”
“As we said before, Tiffany,” Cynthia began in a soothing voice, “Your father trusts Blake and Blake trusts…”
“Yeah yeah yeah…Blake trust Grant so you trust Grant.  That makes no sense.”
“You know what, Tiff…you’re right,” Trey said before turning to Grant with an intensity Tiffany couldn’t mistake for anything other than what it was…a father grilling a date.  “Can we trust you with our daughter, Grant?” 
“No harm shall come to your daughter while she is in my care and you have my solemn oath that I will guard her virtue as unfalteringly as you would.  Her wellbeing is important to me.”
“Finally, something that makes sense,” Tiffany said in a disgruntled tone.  “I was beginning to think you didn’t care about me.”
“Oh Tiffany,” Cynthia said as she put her arms around her, “we love you and want you to be happy.  You’ve grown up so much in such a short period of time and we’re very proud of you.”
“I love you, too,” Tiffany mumbled into her mother’s shoulder.
“We should get on the road,” Grant suggested in a soft voice.
“Yep,” Tiffany said sniffling as she pulled back from her mother.
“Do you have a hug for your old man?” her father asked with a tentative smile.
Tiffany threw herself into his arms and he pulled her close.
“Love you, my baby girl,” he said gruffly.  “Be safe.”
Drawing away from him, Tiffany headed straight for the front door, unwilling to let them see the unaccustomed tears in her eyes.
The three listened as she let herself out and shut the door behind her.  Grant heard her sit on the porch swing and he turned to her parents.
“Her luggage…?” Grant asked indicating the suitcase and handbag on the floor beside the couch.
Cynthia just nodded.
“I will take care of her as I have since my arrival.  You have my word.”
“Thanks for that,” Trey said.
“You will have heard that Deana has been retrieved?”
“Blake called earlier.”
With a nod, Grant headed to the door, luggage in hand.
Cynthia couldn’t stop herself.  
Touching Grant’s shoulder as he passed her, she whispered, “Are you her mate?”
Glancing between Trey and Cynthia, Grant’s expression softened as he replied just as softly, “Do not worry; Tiffany will not be ready for an intimate relationship for many years.”
“How do you know that?” Trey asked.
“I read people…it is both a gift and a curse.  At this moment, it is a gift because I have seen with my own eyes that you love Tiffany as much as you love your other daughters.”
“Of course we do,” Cynthia said in surprise.  “Why would you question that?”
“Because Tiffany has,” Grant answered simply before leaving to join Tiffany on the porch.
“Are you ready?”
“I am,” Tiffany said with a genuine smile, “now that I know my parents care.”
“Then, shall we?” he asked indicating a vehicle parked across the street in front of Rick’s house.
“We shall,” she responded turning towards her ride.  “Oh my gosh, is that a Lamborghini?”
“It is indeed.”
“Is there room for my suitcase?”
“We will make room.  I must say I am surprised you have only the one.  I did wonder if you would be forced to ride on the roof.”
“A funny guy, huh?  Well, you’ve always struck me as the bare necessity type so I packed accordingly.  Although, I have to say, I might have to revise my opinion now.  I can see why you wouldn’t want to leave that beauty behind.”
“My one weakness…and I tend to indulge it.”
“Well, I for one am glad because I love this car.”
“Then let our adventure begin.”

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Quort’s Bedroom

“Freddie, my man!” Quort yelled.
“Hey Quort, I’m supposed to…er…sleep in here since my old room is being used for other guests…”
“Awesome!  It’ll be like a sleepover…like we did at the hotel that night.  Except nobody has a TV around here and I haven’t gotten my phone back, so no Sci-Fi movies.”
“Quort…”
“Hey, Dude, don’t sweat it; it’s all good.  Both of our father’s…or fake father in your case…were jerks that controlled us and both are dead so I say we start fresh.”
“You forgive me?”
“Do you forgive me?”
“You didn’t wrong me.”
“Well, I would have to keep my ’Stang, so let’s call it even.”
“Fair enough.”
“You know, my dad slept with millions of women, so there’s a high probability you’re my illegitimate brother,” Quort teased.
“Really?”
“Nah, man, my dad steered clear of married women, but we can pretend.  I mean, when you think about it, is it any less likely than the other weird stuff that’s going on around here?”
“Pretend…” Freddie said nodding his head slowly.  “I like that.”
“Great…now let’s see if we can swipe somebody’s cell phone and get some movies going on up here.”
“I have a better solution.  Have you met Mike?”
“No, but Georgia told me about him.  Isn’t he in England or something?”
“He flew back with us.”
“Cool beans, man, let’s see if he can hook us up with some internet.  I feel some serious streaming in our future.”

Friday, June 22nd

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Brit’s Bedroom

“This is like our best sleepover ever,” Brit said as she stretched and yawned.
“We didn’t sleep much,” Deana pointed out, flopping on her back on the bed.
“No, but who cares.  You’re here and you’re safe and…and…I’m so sorry and I love you so so much and…”
“And you’re getting married…and Steph is getting married…and how cool is that.”
“Hey, how about you and Freddie make it a triple wedding?”
“Very funny.”
“You told Jay you love him…”
“Jay told you?”
“Well…sort of…”
“I suppose it’s no secret.”
“Dee, Jay didn’t consciously tell me.  I’m sure he figured you would when you were ready.”
“What do you mean consciously?”
“Jay and I can…well…we kind of…um…”
“Spit it out, Brit.”
“We talk in our heads and I heard parts of your conversation on the plane.”
“No way!”
“Yes, way,” Brit said with a sheepish shrug.  “Sorry…I didn’t mean to eavesdrop, I can’t usually hear his conversations with other people so clearly, but the stuff you were talking about kept going around and around in his head so I was able to pick up a lot of it.”
“That’s amazing!”
“It really is.  I’m sure we’ll need to learn how to block each other eventually, but hearing him and knowing he was alright kept me from losing it while he was gone.”
“I’m so sorry I caused all of…”
“Don’t you start, too,” Brit interrupted.
“Too…?  I’m the one that caused this, Brit.  I am…nobody else.”
“Right…so…speaking of Steph, I wish I’d believed you all those years like she did.  Have I apologized for that, by the way?”
“Many many many many times,” Deana said.  “And just so you know, I learned from the best.”
“Say what?”
“You aren’t going to distract me.  Who else have you been talking to that thinks it’s their fault.”
“It’s the Society’s fault…nobody else’s.”
“I agree...wait…are you talking about Freddie?  Because he and I have talked it through and even though I doubt our guilt feelings will ever totally go away, we’ve made our peace with our part of the whole thing.”
“Good…so…I can’t believe Blake is going to let you tell your parents everything.  Are you nervous?”
“A little…I’m not sure how they’ll take it.”
“I do,” Brit said licking her lips in relish.  “Blake’s going to think I’m the calm before the storm after your mother gets through with him…and she’s the reasonable one.”

An Hour West of Salt Lake City, Utah

“Good morning.”
“Turn off the sun,” Tiffany groaned pulling the blanket over her head.  “Or at least turn it down a notch or two.”
“Did you sleep well?”
“Is it even allowed to not sleep well in a Lamborghini?” she asked, peeking out from under the cover.  “The cost alone makes me want to lie about it.”
“Since you did not pay for it, you are allowed.”
“Well, I slept hard, but I ache all over.  Do I smell coffee?”
“I stopped at a drive-thru an hour ago.  You will find yours in your cup holder.”
“Lamborghini’s have cup holders?”
“I must admit, I had this one custom built.  It was quite the challenge finding a suitable location.”
“Well, I for one am glad you did,” she said eagerly reaching for the Styrofoam cup.  “Hmm…that smells so good.”
“Glad you approve.”
After taking a sip, she asked, “Where are we?”
“Approximately an hour from Salt Lake City.”
“Oh my gosh, did you drive all night?”
“I did.”
“No wonder you stopped for a caffeine fix.  You should have shaken me awake so I could take a turn and you could sleep.”
“I enjoy night driving.  It is quite relaxing.”
“Still…I wouldn’t mind driving this beauty.”
“Excellent timing, then…we shall make a stop and allow you to do so.”
“What do you mean, make a stop?”
“You shall see.”

Glenbrook, California
Macintosh House

“You’ll really let me ride up front with you?” Stephanie asked in unconcealed excitement.
“I wouldn’t have it any other way,” Rick assured her.
“I’ve never been in a cockpit before,” Stephanie said chewing her bottom lip in consternation.  “What if I break something?  Or hit a button and make us crash…?”
“If you’re interested, I’ll explain whatever you don’t understand.”
“You won’t mind?  I don’t want to bother you while you’re flying.”
“One of these days, my Stephanie, you’ll understand how much I want to share my whole life with you.”
“I feel the same way about you,” she whispered.
“And, just so you know, I hope you enjoyed your little shopping trip, because it will be a long long time before I let you out of my sight again,” he threatened, only half joking.
“There was no way you were seeing my wedding dress before I walk down the aisle towards you.”
“My heart races at the thought.”
“So does mine.”
“Speaking of which…I did a little shopping of my own yesterday.”
“Oh really…you shopping…do tell.”
“My Stephanie, my soul mate, my best friend, my soon to be lover, and the love of my life…” Rick said reaching into his shirt pocket as he bent down on one knee, “would you wear this symbol of my love and devotion to you and do me the honor of becoming my wife?”
Tears sprang to her eyes as Stephanie took in the burning intensity of love in Rick’s.
“You bought me an engagement ring,” she said in a choked voice as he opened the small box.  “Oh, look…it’s so delicate and beautiful…it’s…it’s…”
“When I saw it I knew it was perfect because it reminded me of you…delicate and beautiful but with a hidden fire and strength that will last a lifetime.”
“You…you’re so…I don’t know what to say…I’m just so happy.”
“May I put it on your finger?”
“Yes, please.”
After sliding it into place, Rick kissed her hand before standing and pulling her into his arms.
“I know we should wait until you’re older to get married, but I must admit, I have very little self-control when it comes to you.”
“Ditto for me,” Stephanie said reaching up and kissing his cheek.  “My dad is a smart man, suggesting we keep it as platonic as possible.”
“Wouldn’t survive otherwise,” Rick agreed turning his head to catch her lips with his own.
“That doesn’t feel very platonic,” she mumbled against his lips.
“Just a taste…” he murmured before deepening the kiss.
“Stephanie,” her mother called up the stairs.  “Are you packed?”
“Um…almost, Mom…mostly done…I think…” Stephanie stammered as she pulled slightly away from Rick.
“A bit incoherent, are we?” he asked smiling innocently.
“You’ll get yours,” she threatened half-heartedly swatting him on the chest.
“Looking forward to it.”
“Ditto for me,” she whispered.
“Samantha and the guys are leaving for the Oakland airport,” her mom said from the doorway.  “Do you have time to say goodbye?”
“Right behind you, Mom.  Rick, you’ll have to remind me not to say anything stupid on the trip,” Stephanie whispered as he took her hand and led her from the bedroom, “since Dee’s parents are flying with us and they don’t know anything yet.”
“I know exactly how to keep you quiet,” Rick said chuckling.
At the sight of his mate’s pink cheeks, his chuckle turned into a full-blown laugh of delight.
“One of these days I’m going to stop blushing and then you won’t be able to laugh at my innocence any more.”
“That will be a shame, but I’m sure I’ll enjoy the transition.”
Once more, his laugh rang out at the beautifully reddened cheeks.

Oakland International Airport

“I’ve never flown anywhere without my parents,” Samantha said with unconcealed excitement as they stood in line at the ticket counter.  “Actually, I’ve only been on a plane one other time and that was years ago.”
“It’s pretty cool,” Tanner agreed.  “I hadn’t flown anywhere by myself until I came out to California.”
“Amateurs,” Joey accused.
“Oh right, Joey’s flown twice without his parents…so impressive…not.”
“That’s three times, thank you very much, and I’m very impressive.”
“In your own mind.”
“Have you flown much, Bobby?” Samantha asked.
“Quite a few times alone,” Bobby said with a shrug.  “I went to football camps and competitions as I was growing up.  It was scary the first time, but the airline personnel always kept a close eye on me.”
“Did you like it?” Samantha asked.  “Going to all of those camps by yourself?” 
“Once I got over being terrified, I loved it.  I got to meet a lot of people I wouldn’t have otherwise, and played football twelve hours a day.  What’s not to like?”
“Dude, when did you eat?” Joey asked.
“Figure of speech, Joey,” Tanner said shaking his head.  “You’re so literal sometimes.”
“I went to area basketball day-camps during the summers when we could afford it,” Samantha said.  “I learned so much.”
“Roger did that kind of thing, too.”
“That’s how we met, actually.  When we were younger, all of the camps were co-ed.  I was disappointed when they started splitting us up because…”
A loud wail from behind them interrupted what Samantha was about to say.
“Oh no…not again,” Joey groaned.  “Please tell me I won’t get stuck sitting close to a baby a second time.  The gods wouldn’t be that cruel, would they?”
“A second time…?” Samantha prompted.
“When I flew out here there was a crying baby right behind me…and I have sensitive ears.”
“With all the pressure changes, I wouldn’t think it’s a good idea to let a baby fly,” Bobby whispered.
“They should totally outlaw flying babies,” Joey said, not bothering to lower his voice.  “In fact, they should ban all flying brats.”
“They aren’t that bad,” Tanner said.
“Oh yeah, they are; there was this other kid sitting in front of me, I think he was like five or something, and he kept peeking over the seat and sticking his tongue out at me.”
“Anything else you want to get off your chest before we board, Joey?”
“Well, now that you mention it, I expected some real food on the flight and all I got was a bag of pretzels and a soda.  I need my nourishment.”
“Are you going to complain the entire trip?” Tanner asked.  “Just need to know if I should break out my earbuds.”
“Hey, you asked.”
“I should have known better.”
“Well duh…”

London Luton
Leased Hangar

“Did you make the arrangements, Rod?”
“Aw, Blake…how long you’ve known me?  I always get it done.”
“What is the schedule?”
“We fly out in an hour.  Will that be enough time to get Mary loaded?”
“No special arrangements are necessary.  Liam will carry her aboard.”
“Still hasn’t left her side?”
“No.”
“Don’t blame him a bit.”
“And Dr. Reinhart…?”
“I’ve arranged for transport to his offices in The City as soon as we land.  He doesn’t have office hours on Saturday so we’ll have the run of the place.”
“Testing…?”
“He can do a limited MRI, a CT Scan, sonogram, x-rays…whatever’s needed.  You usually make these kinds of arrangements yourself.  Is something going on that I should know about?”
“For your ears only…”
“Of course.”
“Liam is having a difficult time staying calm and focused.”
“Ah…so he’s pretty much a full-time job right now.”
“It is taking a good percentage of my concentration.”
“Well, you just let me know what I can do to help because having an unpredictable and powerful Beta shapeshifter thousands of feet in the air in a rather small enclosure is not my idea of a good time.”
“Nor mine.”

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Blake’s Study

“Father, I do not understand why I was needed here so desperately that you specifically asked that I return.”
“All will be revealed in time, my son.”
“That is rather cryptic and dramatic…more so than your usual fare.”
“Actually, I am having you on.  I would be more than happy to explain my request.”
“Brit is rubbing off on you.”
“Perish the thought.”
“So, why exactly is my presence required?”
“One of the Macintosh sisters is apparently every shapeshifters dream date or dream mate…”
“You realize that I have already met Brit.”
“While the eldest Macintosh inspires much admiration, mostly from afar for safety reasons, Samantha tends to inspire unfailing devotion in our kind.”
“I do not understand.  What has that to do with me?”
“Ms. Macintosh has requested some private time with her sister, Rick’s mate, and you are the only one that I trust with Samantha.”
“Blake has all of us under control so I am at a loss as to what you fear might occur.”
“It seems that many of Samantha’s shape shifting acquaintances have attempted to kiss her.  Most of those attempts were made shortly after meeting her.”
“That is…I am at a loss.”
“As you see, it is quite the dilemma.  I need a perfect gentleman to offer companionship as well as…er…guardianship…because according to the eldest Macintosh, Samantha has never met a horse she did not wish to ride immediately and that could prove problematic.”
“I thought you had to provide Brit with horse riding lessons.  How did her sister become a proficient rider?”
“Samantha is quite the adventuress and possesses the Macintosh determination.  Once she realized her family could not afford riding lessons, she found someone with a horse and offered to shovel out the stall every day in exchange for lessons.”
“Impressive.  Would it be impolite to ask how Samantha responded to the attempted affection?”
“You should most definitely steer clear of her right cross.”
Rubbing his jaw thoughtfully, Alexandre nodded and said, “I shall remember that.”
“You are onboard?”
“I am.”
“Good, you should leave immediately to retrieve the group from the Missoula airport.”
“The group…?”
“I believe it will include her cousin Tanner, Tanner’s cousin Joey, plus a long-time friend to both Samantha and Rick’s mate.”
“How long should I wait before offering Samantha the opportunity to ride?”
“Do not wait; offer as soon as the situation makes it plausible.  I fear the eldest daughter has little restraint and will have a difficult time guarding her tongue.”
“I think we can all agree on that.  Wish me luck.”
As Minsk watched his son climb the stairs, he murmured softly, “Somehow, I doubt that luck will be required.”

Thirty Minutes West of Salt Lake City, Utah

“That was awesome!”
“You enjoyed driving?”
“Well duh.  Your car is awesome!”
“Are you ready for breakfast?”
“Oh wow, I’m starving and didn’t even realize it.  Zipping around a race track in a Lamborghini works up quite an appetite.  Did I do okay?”
“You have natural ability.”
“Really?”
“I do not lie, my Tiffany.”
“Cool…so your last name really is Fine?”
“It is.  We will arrive at the hotel in half an hour allowing you to freshen up before we seek out a restaurant.”
“You’ve changed your mind about being seen with me in public?  Does that mean we’re safe now?”
“Not necessarily…however, as we will not be separated for any length of time, it is a calculated risk.”
“What about our hotel rooms?”
“I made reservations for two connecting rooms.  The door will only be closed while you are dressing.”
“You aren’t going to watch me sleep are you?”
“I, too, shall sleep; however, as I am a light sleeper, I shall remain alert even in slumber.”
“Won’t you need to take a nap when we get to the hotel?  You’ve been driving all night.”
“I managed to nap before we left.”
“Is that why we were so late getting off last night?”
“No, I napped while I awaited an important phone call.”
“Not my business…?”
“Not at this time.”

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Ranch House
Upstairs Hallway

“Brit!” 
“Steph!”
“It’s so good to see…”
“Oh, hell no!”
“Brit…?  What…?”
“You stay away from my sister, Mister Come-on-to-Every-Woman-on-the-Planet-Jerk-Face-Idiot Britches!”
“Brit, he’s not…”
“You can’t marry this moron, Steph!  I won’t let you.”
“I’m not…” Rick began.
“You shut up or I’ll deck you like I threatened to do the last time we met, Mister Coward-That-Runs-At-The-First-Sign-Of-Trouble Britches.”
“We’ve never met,” Rick protested.  “You must have…”
“Are you calling me a liar, because I guarantee you won’t like…”
“Ms. Macintosh,” a stern voice remonstrated from behind her, “please allow my nephew a chance to answer your charges before going off half-cocked…or more half-cocked than usual, I suppose I should say.”
“Seriously, Doc…?” Brit asked as she faced Minsk.  “There is no answer…”
“Ms. Macintosh!”
“Okay, fine,” Brit huffed, turning back to the object of her ire, “speak, idiot.”
“Hi Brit,” Rick said with an outstretched hand and an understanding smile on his face, “I’m Rick…not Nick…and we’ve never met before.”
“Oh right,” Brit returned with heavy sarcasm, “and I suppose that Nick is your evil twin…or maybe it’s more of a Jekyll and Hyde thing and you’re hiding it from the world.”
“Actually, Ms. Macintosh,” Minsk answered, “Although Rick and Nick have quite different temperaments, I feel I must object to your choice of adjective.  Nick may well be an insensitive clod when it comes to women, but I can assure you, he is not evil.”
“You’re seriously expecting me to believe that you have an identical twin?”
“It’s true, Brit,” Stephanie assured her.
“Okay, don’t tell me, let me guess, just like in all of those werewolf books, Nick the jerk twin will have to mate with Tiff the jerk twin because their twins are mated.  Tell me I’m right.”
“The world is not that deux ex machina, Ms. Macintosh.”
“Nah, that would be too unbelievable…not like werewolves being real…and yes, I do know what deux ex machina means, shrink.”
“Glad to see being mated hasn’t changed you a bit,” Stephanie said with a delighted laugh.  “That’s the sister I know and love.”
“Shut up and give me a hug,” Brit groused as she pulled her sister into her arms.  “I’m so glad you’re here,” she whispered in Stephanie’s ear.
“I am, too,” Stephanie whispered back.
“And I’m glad you’re not Nick,” Brit continued in a whisper, knowing Rick could hear her, “because then I’d have to kill you for breaking my sister’s heart.”
“In that case, I, too, am glad that I’m not Nick, and I can assure you, Stephanie’s heart is safe with me.  She is my whole world and if her heart broke, mine would never recover.”
Pulling back from Stephanie, Brit looked Rick straight in the eye and said, “Then you have my permission to marry my sister.”
In a perfectly serious voice, Rick said, “Thank you.”
“You’re welcome.”

Missoula International Airport

Alexandre smelled the shapeshifters well before he saw them.  One scent seemed vaguely familiar.
Holding up the sign that read ‘Macintosh’, he watched as the group rounded the corner.
The Macintosh girl immediately excused herself and headed for the nearest restroom.  The others turned towards Alexandre and a familiar face popped out at him.
“Bobby…?” Alexandre said in surprise, tossing the sign into the nearest trash receptacle as it had only been for Samantha’s benefit.  “What are you doing here?”
“I wondered if you’d be around, Alexandre,” Bobby said with obvious pleasure.
The two shook hands before turning towards the others.
“This is Tanner, he’s Sam’s cousin, and Joey here is Tanner’s cousin from the Reinhart side of the family.”
“Good to meet you.”
“You, too, Alex…can I call you Alex?” Joey asked.
“I prefer Alexandre.”
“Right…Alex it is…”
“Ignore Joey,” Tanner said in apology, “he’s the resident moron.” 
“Hey!  I’m not a moron just because I don’t like all that formal stuff.”
“Whatever you say.”
“Which of you is Dr. Philip Reinhart’s son?” Alexandre questioned.
“You know Dad?” Joey asked.
“We have had occasion to utilize his particular skill set.”
“Somebody get a lobotomy?” Joey asked.
“You’ve got lobotomy on the brain,” Tanner said with a chuckle.
“Glad you think you’re funny because nobody else does.”
“You’re just jealous of my mad verbal skills.  That was a pretty good pun right there.”
“I don’t think…”
“Your father is Bruce Reinhart, the attorney…?” Alexandre asked Tanner.
“You’ve met my father, too?”
“Yes.”
“Don’t tell me…don’t tell me…I’ve got this…” Joey said holding up one hand and placing the other on his forehead as if in the throes of mindreading, “You had occasion to utilize his particular skill set.”
“As I said, resident moron,” Tanner reminded Alexandre.  “You learn how to block him out eventually.”
“Hey, that’s not…” Joey began.
“Here comes Sam, guys,” Bobby interrupted as he turned to wave at the girl searching the crowd.  “Do we know each other, Alexandre, and how do we explain it?”
“I shall explain, referencing just enough truth to make it plausible.”
“Why wouldn’t it be plausible?” Bobby asked.
“My father and I picked out that particular camp after Blake informed us a member of the Pack attended every year.  We thought having a member there would make the whole experience more challenging.”
“So you knew I’d be there.”
“Not you specifically, but someone from the Pack, yes.”
“Hey Sam,” Tanner said turning towards her as she joined the group, “come meet our ride out to the ranch.”
“Ms. Macintosh, it is a pleasure to meet you.  My name is Alexandre,” he greeted her, reaching out his hand.  “Welcome to Montana.”
Their hands and their eyes touched simultaneously and Alexandre experienced the oddest electrical shock ricocheting throughout his whole body.  Quickly releasing her hand, he detected a furrowing of the girl’s brow and wondered if she’d noticed his precipitate withdrawal.  He must have appeared extremely rude.
“Will you look at that,” Joey said turning towards the long snake-like conveyor as it powered up and began moving, “the luggage is already coming out.”
“That was quick,” Bobby agreed.  “Let’s go get our stuff.”
“Smaller airports are frequently more efficient,” Alexandre noted.  “If you point out which is yours, I shall retrieve it for you, Ms. Macintosh.”
“The name’s Sam,” she replied with obvious annoyance, “and I’m perfectly capable of carrying my own bags, thank you very much.”
And with that, she stalked off towards the conveyor.
“As you wish,” Alexandre murmured.
“Are you okay?” Tanner whispered.
“I seem to have unintentionally angered your cousin.”
“I always wondered how Sam would react when it finally happened—she’s resisted any and all males up to this point—and now I know.  A bit anti-climactic, but still, it was interesting.”
“When what finally happened?”
“Dude…really…?  Are you that clueless or just don’t want to admit it for some reason?”
“I am sorry, but I have no idea to what you are referring.”
“Oh man!  You really don’t, do you?”
“Er…Tanner, is it?”  At Tanner’s nod, Alexandre continued, “The others will be heading back this way in short order so if you have something to say to me privately, now would be optimal.”
“Please tell me you recognized your own future mate.”
Suddenly, the walls of the terminal felt as if they were closing in on Alexandre and he could not catch his breath.  His eyes flew to the girl walking in between the other two shapeshifters and their eyes met again.  The mix of emotions swirling around inside of him confused Alexandre so badly that all he could do was lower his gaze and murmur, “Excuse me” as he headed straight for the men’s room.
“Hey Tanner, we grabbed your bag, too,” Bobby called.  “Sam knew which one it was.”
“Thanks,” Tanner replied in an absent tone.
“What’s up with Alex?” Joey asked.  “He looked like he was about to barf.”
“I think he ate some bad fish,” Tanner said watching Samantha closely as she stared after Alexandre.  “I’m sure he’ll be fine.”
“What is a fancy ass dude with a fancy ass accent wearing fancy ass clothes doing on a ranch in Montana?” Joey asked.
“Actually, he doesn’t live there,” Tanner informed him.  “He’s Rick’s cousin and just here for the wedding.”
“Really?  But Rick doesn’t have an accent like that.”
“From what little Rick told me about him, Alexandre was born in England.”
“So he’s a sissy man?” Joey asked with a laugh.  “I mean, he can’t even handle some bad fish.”
“Says the anchovy hater…” Tanner supplied.
“He’s no sissy,” Bobby objected.  “When we were at the same football camp that one summer I told you about, the dude caught everything I threw at him, never missed a target when he was quarterbacking, and man can he hit!  I always picked him to be on my team during our scrimmages.”
“You know him?” Samantha asked in surprise, finally giving up her vigil and zeroing in on Bobby.
“Sorry, Sam,” Bobby said.  “We hashed all that out while you were in the restroom.”
“What was he doing at a football camp in the States if he’s from England?” Samantha asked.
“He told me his dad wanted him to be well-rounded so he spent his summers doing things like that.  If I remember right, he spent time at a basketball camp and with a semi-pro tennis player that same summer.  The guy has some serious skills and can apparently learn new ones at will.”
 “Did you know he was going to be here?”
“I wondered, since he…” Bobby stopped himself before he could mention the ranch.
“I apologize,” Alexandre said as he rejoined the group.  “I must have ingested…”
“Bad fish,” Tanner supplied.  “I already explained it to them.”
“Yes, well, we should be on our way.”
“I call dibs on the front seat!” Joey exclaimed.
“Ms. Macintosh should occupy the front passenger seat.  I am certain each of you would agree the lady’s comfort is of paramount importance.”
“I can sit in the back,” Samantha objected.  “I don’t want any special treatment.  Just act like I’m one of the guys.”
“As you wish.”
“Sam, you know you’ll be sandwiched between two of us,” Tanner reminded her.  “Think of how uncomfortable you were on the plane with our legs sprawled all over the place.”
“I’ll survive it,” she assured him.  “So, where are you parked?”
“This way,” Alexandre said and took the lead.
Tanner caught up to him and once again asked, “Are you okay?”
“No, but I will be.”
“That’s the spirit,” Tanner said pounding him on the back with a huge grin on his face.  “My uncle Trey is about to have another cow and I get to see it.  Sweet!”

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Blake’s Study

“Are you okay, Mom?” Deana asked in concern once her father stopped his tirade of threats against the absent Alpha.
“When will I have the pleasure of meeting this…Alpha?” Liza asked in a quiet voice.
“That doesn’t sound good,” Deana murmured.
“It’s a reasonable question,” Cynthia said.  “Dr. Minsk…?”
“I am uncertain as to his timetable,” Minsk replied.
“Mom, I know you’re upset,” Deana said, “and believe me, I was so angry at the entire shape shifting population, as well as my best friend in the whole wide world, that I was spitting fire, but you have to see the big picture.”
“Which is…?”
“He has to take care of everybody, and do the best he can for everybody.  Blake takes his responsibilities very seriously and…and…” Deana faltered for a moment, remembering his eyes and feeling the Alpha’s pain deep inside her soul, before finishing in a whisper, “I think he feels very alone.”
“These wolves are mated, right?” Garth asked.  “I’m sure he’s not alone.”
“He is, Dad,” Deana insisted.  “He doesn’t have a mate…at least, not yet…and his eyes…”
“What about his eyes?” Minsk asked.
“They just seem so…well…sad…”
“Interesting,” Minsk murmured.
“He put you in danger,” Liza pointed out.  “That’s a bit hard to overlook.”
“The Society put me in danger…I put myself in danger…the voice in my head put me in danger…one might even argue that the boy that shifted put me in danger…Blake simply handled the situation the best he could with the information he had at the time.  Most people apparently stop searching after a while, so he had no reason to think otherwise.  No one had any idea that Liss was egging me on to prove to the world that I wasn’t crazy.”
“We never thought you were crazy,” Garth protested.
“Didn’t you…?” Deana asked with a wry smile.  “You sent me to a psychiatrist, Dad.”
“Point taken.”
“I need you both on board with keeping this whole thing quiet and letting the Alpha finish this without any interference from us, and I’m begging you to try to understand why Blake did what he did.”
“You make a convincing argument,” Liza admitted.  “Trey, you haven’t said anything since we arrived.  What do you think?”
“I’m afraid I’m in the same sinking ship as the Alpha,” Trey said with a helpless shrug.
“What do you mean?” Garth asked.
“He means that he knew the whole time,” Deana explained, “and didn’t say anything to back me up because the Alpha convinced him it was the best course of action.”
“I thought we were all just finding out about this,” Liza said in a dangerously quiet voice.
“I’ve known since I saw my brother-in-law shift before he and my sister married.”
“You knew and didn’t…”
“Mom, stop right there,” Deana interrupted.  “Mr. Macintosh never actually came out and said it, but I always knew he believed me and I loved him for it.”
“Just like he did for me when I thought I was being followed,” Liza admitted with reluctance.  “Of course, if I’d possessed the inside information that other people were privy to, I wouldn’t have…”
“Don’t go there, Mom, please,” Deana begged.  “Let’s just go with the first part and leave it at that.”
“We’ll try,” Garth said, “but I make no promises regarding the Alpha.”
“Just so you know, Dad,” Deana began with a twinkle in her eyes, “the Alpha broke down a solid core wooden door with multiple deadbolt locks using only his hands and feet in order to rescue us from the castle.  I’m fairly certain he would have no problem squashing all of us like a bug if he wanted.”
“That is true,” Trey concurred.  “I’ve seen my brother-in-law do some amazing things and the Alpha is reportedly the strongest of the Pack.”
“I’ll take that under advisement,” Garth replied with the first signs of humor he’d exhibited since arriving at the ranch.
“Brit would be calling me ‘chicken man’ right about now,” Trey admitted.
“She calls a former Marine ‘chicken man’ and gets away with it?” Liza asked.
“Our daughters,” Garth said hugging Deana affectionately, “what wouldn’t we do for them?”
“In that case,” Deana began with slight reluctance, “I have someone I want you to meet.”
“What?  Who?  Are we talking about a boy here?”  
“His name is Freddie.”
“He better not be one of those long-haired hippies I warned you not to bring home.”
“No long hair and no hippie,” Deana said.  “Come with me and meet him.  
“He’s here?  Is he a shapeshifter?”
“Yes, he’s here and no, he’s not a shapeshifter, but he knows about them.  Don’t worry, you’ll like him.”
“Humph!  I doubt it.”
“This won’t go badly at all,” Liza murmured to Cynthia as she got up to follow.
“Good luck,” Cynthia whispered back.
“Thanks, we’ll need it.”

Missoula International Airport

“I can open my own doors, thank you very much.”
“As you wish, Ms. Macintosh,” Alexandre murmured releasing the handle without opening the back passenger door.
“Hey, that’s from that movie…you know…the really funny one.”
“What is?” Bobby asked.
“That thing Alex keeps saying…as you wish…it’s from a funny movie.”
“Nobody cares, Joey,” Tanner muttered under his breath from behind Samantha as she slid into the middle of the back seat, realizing Joey would hear him, but Samantha wouldn’t.
“You know which one I’m talking about, Tanner,” Joey insisted as he opened the front passenger-side door.  “We watched it last year and both thought it was hilarious.”
Tanner knew exactly what Joey was talking about and where he was going with it, but didn’t think Alexandre or Samantha would appreciate the reference.  At least, not yet…it was too soon.
“What movie?” Bobby asked as he folded his large form into the seat next to Samantha.
“I don’t remember the name, but the main dude character kept saying ‘As you wish’ just like Alex.”
“His name is Alexandre,” Tanner pointed out.
“Whatever,” Joey replied.  “Tell me you know what movie I’m talking about.”
“Oh, right, I remember…it’s that parody our English teacher showed us last spring,” Bobby said with a nod.  “I liked that one a lot.  It’s really funny.”
“See…Bobby agrees with me.”
“Great,” Tanner said without enthusiasm.  “Now that we’ve established that important tidbit of information…moving on.  How long until we get to the ranch, Alexandre?”
“Approximately two and a half hours.”
“The funniest part about the ‘as you wish stuff’, is that’s not really what the main character means,” Joey continued.  “I mean, he keeps saying ‘as you wish’, but he’s really saying something else.”
“Do we stay on this road the whole way?” Tanner asked, desperately trying to head Joey off at the pass.
“For the most part.”
“I bet you don’t remember what it really means,” Joey challenged.  “That’s why you keep changing the subject.”
“Nobody cares, Joey,” Tanner said again.  “That’s why I would rather talk about something we’re all interested in.”
“You’re just saying that because you don’t remember.  Admit it.”
“No I’m saying it, because it’s true.”
“Anybody remember…?” Joey asked in disbelief.  “Come on…somebody’s got to remember it.”
“I do,” Samantha said in an almost inaudible voice.
“See, Sam does.  I knew you were the coolest of the bunch.”
Meeting her eyes in the rearview mirror, Alexandre asked, “What does it mean, Ms. Macintosh?”
For a moment, Samantha couldn’t breathe as their eyes locked, but then Alexandre had to turn his attention back to the road, giving her a chance to recover.
“Come on, Sam…tell the idiots with bad memories.  ‘As you wish’ was really code for…and drum roll please,” he added imitating drums on the dashboard.
“I love you,” she said, staring at her hands in her lap.
Although Alexandre stiffened, he actively avoided the rear-view mirror, realizing it was not safe for him to lock eyes with his future mate again…not while he was driving.  If he allowed himself that luxury, he would in all probability have them in the ditch tout de suite.
“And there you have it, folks, so Alex, I wouldn’t say such things if I were you—also a line from the same funny movie—because Sam doesn’t take kindly to those types of things and will just end up slugging you, too.  And I gotta tell you, she packs quite a punch.”

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Bunkhouse

As soon as the group reached the ranch, Alexandre left Samantha in the care of a surprisingly verbose Georgia and continued on to the bunkhouse with the other three.
“Tanner, Joey, and Bobby,” he introduced, “meet Andrew and Christopher Atwood.”
After a round of greetings, Andrew turned to Alexandre and asked, “Should we add them to the rotation?”
“Yes, it will give the rest of you a break.”
“The rest of you?” Tanner asked.
“Brad, Derek, and Ethan—our brothers—are out on patrol right now,” Andrew explained.  “We’ve been taking it in shifts, but man it’s been brutal with just the five of us on all of this acreage.  Glad to have reinforcements.”
“Any problems?” Alexandre asked.
“No sign of trouble so far,” Christopher replied.
“Excellent…Tanner, might I have a word before I go?”
“Sure thing, Alexandre…be right back, guys.”
The two walked until they no longer could hear the conversation in the bunkhouse.
“So, I’m assuming this has something to do with Sam…?” Tanner prompted once he realized that Alexandre seemed to be having difficulty figuring out what to say or how to say it.
“I would like to be the one to tell Samantha’s parents.”
“Mums the word.  What else is on your mind?  It’s kind of obvious something is.”
“Your cousin Joey…he kissed her…?”
“Apparently,” Tanner admitted.  “I had no idea or I would have slugged him for her.”
 “There were others…?”
“Three others that I know about…you’d have to ask Sam about any more than that.  I only know about those because I’ve met them.”
“Bobby…?”
“Sorry…”
“I thought I sensed something.”
“You don’t know the other two.”
“She struck each one of them?”
“Yep, and I’m pretty proud of her for handling it herself, just like she handled the kidnapper,” Tanner replied.  “I hope you don’t think less of her for that.  I can promise you, they deserved it for stealing something that didn’t belong to them.  My cousins are special to me…to all three of us…and I would have done it for her if I’d known, which is why she never told me or my brothers.  She is very independent.”
“Thank you for the information,” Alexandre said.  “One other thing…”
“Okay.”
“How could you tell that we were future mates?”
“I think more to the point is how you could miss it.  I mean, didn’t you feel your heart speed up?”
“Actually, I was a bit preoccupied with the electrical shock.”
“Electrical shock…?  What electrical shock?”
“The one that ricocheted throughout my whole body as our hands touched.”
“Well, I’ve gotta say, that’s a new one on me.”
“It was new to me as well,” Alexandre admitted.  “Could my heart rate simply have indicated a strong attraction?  Samantha is rather…er…”
“Leaves you speechless, huh?” Tanner said laughing.  “My cousin does seem to have that affect on the male population…and no, that’s not all it was.  I witnessed Rick and Steph’s first face-to-face and the heartbeats…they… well…it was really weird.”
“Yes…?”
“Look, I don’t know if it always happens, but apparently it does to Macintosh women.”
“What happens?”
“Your heartbeats were beating in time…you know…like they were one heart.  At least they did for a while.  It doesn’t stay like that, but it’s pretty cool while it lasts.”
“Are you saying…?”
“Yours and Sam’s hearts were perfectly in sync for at least five minutes.”

Salt Lake City, Utah
Hotel

“Are you rested, my Tiffany?”
“I am, but I’m not the one that needed the sleep.”
“I can assure you, I am well-rested.”
“Humph,” Tiffany snorted.  “We should stay longer.  It’s not like you didn’t pay for two nights so we could check in early this morning and stay all afternoon.  What if we spent the night here and left early in the morning?”
“Then we would miss out on another surprise adventure I have planned.”
“Adventure…?” Tiffany questioned, interest piqued.  “What adventure?”
“We have a five-hour drive ahead of us.  Shall we…?”
“You’re not going to tell me.”
“The very definition of surprise…”
“Well, since you have yet to disappoint me, I suppose I’ll let it slide.”
“Magnanimous to a fault,” Grant said in amusement.
“What can I say?  I’m just that good.”
“So you are.”
“You know I was joking…right?”
“I was not.”

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Blake’s Study

As soon as Alexandre returned to the main house, he headed straight for Blake’s study, knowing his father would be there.
“You knew,” Alexandre accused in a low tone as soon as the door shut behind him.  “Somehow you knew and chose not to warn me.”
“I was not certain,” his father replied, also keeping his voice down.  “Therefore ‘warning’ you would have been premature.”
“How did you know?”
“Your reaction to the elder sister, a picture of Samantha in Blake’s files—the similarity between the two sisters is striking—plus my knowledge of how wolves react to members of the same family…let us simply call it an educated guess.  Is this not cause for celebration?”
“It would be if she were interested in me,” Alexandre mumbled.
“You did not sense any attraction?” Minsk asked in surprise.
“I have never…I am at a loss,” he admitted.  “She went out of her way to avoid any interaction the entire trip and everything I did only served to raise her ire.”
“That sounds like a Macintosh female.”
“If it were not for her cousin, Tanner, I would have missed it altogether,” Alexandre admitted.  “What do you mean…a Macintosh female?”
“Apparently, Jay’s experience was similar.  Rick’s mating process was also wrought with problems.  Macintosh females do not give in to attraction easily.”
“That is not encouraging.  I have no idea how to…how to…do any of this and I am certainly not prepared for a mate.”
“You do not have to trigger the reaction until you are ready.  I have known many to wait until both felt fully prepared for their lifetime commitment.”
“Until I do, others will continue to…accost her…and I am not certain how I will react to that.”
“From what I know of your future mate, she is well able to take care of any problems that arise.”
“Will she be…er…attracted to others in the meantime?”
“According to her older sister, Samantha has never before been attracted to anyone, so one could assume via inductive reasoning that state of affairs will continue.”
“I suppose that is something for which to be thankful.”
“My deepest apologies, my son…I have been remiss in your upbringing.”
“How is this problem—my inexperience—your fault?”
“The heavy responsibilities I have placed upon you left you with very little time for socializing and our discussions of the mating process have primarily been of a clinical nature.  If you would like, we could discuss the signs, and other such details, in a more personal manner.”
“Are you offering to have ‘the talk’ with me?” Alexandre asked with the beginnings of a smile.
“I suppose I am,” Minsk admitted with a chuckle.
“I am your eager student.”
“As always,” Minsk said with more than a tinge of pride.  “Let us begin.”

Yellowstone National Park

“Kayaking…?” Tiffany asked with unconcealed excitement.
“Canoeing,” Grant corrected.  “It is easier to master quickly and, although you would excel at kayaking had we the time, we are expected at the ranch tomorrow.”
“So, we get to stay here at Yellowstone overnight?”
“I have once again made reservations for connecting rooms.  Is that acceptable to you?”
“Sure, but won’t my parents wonder where we are?”
“Actually, your mother mentioned a Saturday arrival.”
“Since we’re so close, they’ll probably want me there tonight.  I’m sure they didn’t expect us to make such good time.  Most people need more sleep than you apparently do.”
“Have you texted them yet today?”
“No, I couldn’t remember what time they were landing.”
“They will have already reached their final destination.  Text them and ask if it is acceptable for us to arrive sometime tomorrow.”
“Should I mention why we’ll be so late?”
“I see no reason why you should not.”
“I just don’t want them to think that I…that they…”
“They will understand this is an opportunity for you to experience something new and will be happy for you.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes.”
“What about you?”
“I am happy for you to experience something new, also.”
“That’s not what I meant.”
“Then ask your question.”
“Why don’t you mind that it’s taking us longer than it should to get there?”
“I am thoroughly enjoying our time together, my Tiffany.”
“I am, too, and don’t think I don’t appreciate all of…this…but how is it you don’t have anything else better to do than hang around me all the time?”
“Are you asking what I do for a living?”
“That’s exactly what I’m asking.”
“I am independently wealthy and have no need to work.”
“Yeah, right…if you don’t want to tell me, just say so.”
“As I have said before, I do not lie.”
“I’m sorry…I never thought…I didn’t mean to offend you, I just thought maybe you were joking.  I mean, a lot of people joke about that.  I would never accuse you of lying…really…I wouldn’t.”
“I believe you can, once and for all, lay to rest your anxiety concerning what type of person you will become.”
“What do you mean?  Are you saying there’s no hope for me?  Please don’t give up on me.  I’m trying so so hard.”
“My Tiffany, I am saying exactly the opposite.”
“What…?  You mean…are you…?”
“You care…you actually care about someone else’s feelings over your own without even thinking about it.  Consider what that means.”
“It means…or at least I think it means…that I’m going in the right direction…?”
“You are.”
“Whew…that’s a relief and thank you so much for scaring the dog out of me.  You could have just said ‘You are doing well, my Tiffany’ or ‘I am proud of you, my Tiffany’ or something like that, you know.”
“Where is the fun in that?”
“Okay, that’s it…it’s official.”
“What is official?”
“We’ve spent entirely too much time together, and I’ve rubbed off on you.”
“Trust me; I am enjoying every minute of it.”

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Brit’s Bedroom

“Sam…Sam…” Brit said snapping her fingers in front of Samantha’s face.
“What…?  Oh sure, Brit, whatever you and Steph want to do is fine.”
“Do you even know what we asked you?”
“Um…something about the wedding…?”
“Would you be one of our maids of honor?”
“How many are you going to have?”
“Just three…you and Dee and Tiff.”
“Sounds great; I’m on board.”
“What’s going on with you today?”
“Nothing,” Samantha replied.  “Everything’s fine.”
“You do seem a bit…well…shell-shocked,” Deana noted.  “Did something happen on your flight?”
“The flight was fine.”
“Is it jet lag?” Brit asked.
“No, I’m not jet lagged.”
“Was it the trip from the airport?” Stephanie asked.  “I noticed you rode in the back seat and that sometimes makes you feel a little carsick.”
“Will you three get off my case?  The flight was fine, the ride was fine, and everyone was fine…it was all fine…okay?”
“Maybe you’re just upset because Roger and Thorne didn’t come with you,” Stephanie suggested.  “You could have invited them like you did Bobby.”
“It’s your wedding, not mine, and Bobby is the only one that you’re friends with out of the three.  There was no reason for any of the others to be at your wedding.”
“Are you interested in one of them?” Deana asked.
“Not in that way.”
“Oh,” Brit said disappointment written all over her face before perking up and asking, “What about Bobby or Joey?  Are you interested in one of them?”
“If I hear another question involving the penis-toting portion of the species, I am hopping a plane and heading right back to California…wedding be damned.”
“My apologies for interrupting what appear to be an invigorating conversation,” Alexandre said from the open doorway, “but I had hoped I might coax all of you into joining a riding expedition.”
“Riding…?” Samantha asked with obvious interest.  “As in horses…?”
“Horses will be involved,” Alexandre assured her.  “I am told that you are becoming quite proficient, Brit.”
“Your dad is a great teacher,” Brit replied.  “And if you tell him I said that, I’ll deny it with my dying breath.”
“My lips are sealed.”
“Well, I for one have no intention of mounting a horse,” Stephanie said with a shudder.  “Besides, Rick asked me to meet him in a bit so we could spend some time together after we had our ‘girl time’.”
“Dee and I are supposed to meet up with Jay in Quort’s room to teach Freddie and Georgia how to play spoons, so we’ll have to take a rain check.”
“Of course,” Alexandre said inclining his head, “perhaps another time then.”
“Wait,” Samantha called as he turned to leave.  “I’d like to go…if that’s okay with you.”
“It would be my very great honor to accompany you on a horseback ride.”
“Could I have fifteen minutes to get ready?”
“I shall return in fifteen minutes.”
“Or I could just meet you at the barn.”
“Perhaps after you become familiar with the layout of the ranch…until then, I shall accompany you.”
Waiting a whole minute after Alexandre left, Samantha turned to Brit and asked, “You know his father?”
“Oh…uh…yeah, about that…”
“What Brit’s trying to say is that Alexandre was at Berkeley with us,” Deana explained.
“That’s quite a coincidence…the two of you meeting Rick’s cousin before Steph met Rick.”
“He even asked you out like a couple of times, didn’t he Dee,” Brit said turning to Deana with desperate eyes.
“Yes, but he was more interested in you, I think,” Deana pointed out.
“Alexandre likes Brit?” Samantha asked in surprise.
“It wasn’t anything,” Brit assured her.  “He didn’t know about Jay when we met, but once he realized I was already…well…anyway, it turns out that Alexandre is Dr. Minsk’s son,” she added, hoping to distract Samantha from asking any more questions that could get her into trouble.
“Brit say what?  Dr. Minsk is Dee’s psychiatrist, isn’t he?  That would make him Rick’s uncle…?  Weird kind of coincidence…”
“And speaking of Rick,” Stephanie interrupted.  “I better get moving or he’ll be coming to get me.”
“Oh man, we need to get to Quort’s room,” Brit said as she and Deana moved to the door.  “Have fun riding, Sam.”
“Fun…right…” Samantha said grimacing as the door closed behind the three girls.  “Like I want to be a stand-in for my sister.”

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Riding Trail

“Ms. Macintosh, I…”
“Are you seriously going to keep calling me that?  There are four of us and that’s going to get confusing as well as incredibly irritating really fast.”
“Samantha…?”
“I prefer Sam.”
“As you wish.”
A hush fell over the two as they rode side by side, lost in their own thoughts.  While Alexandre cursed his unoriginal usage of ‘as you wish’ once more, Samantha wondered if she’d blown it by appearing rude; although, she had no idea what she was afraid she’d blown.  Never had she cared so much about what a guy thought of her and it was a confusing experience.
Realizing she would need to do something to save the situation, she finally worked up the courage to break the silence.
“You aren’t going to call me anything from now on, are you?”
“I shall do as you ask.  Although, I must admit to some disappointment as I rather like the name Samantha.  It has a nice rhythm.”
“Rhythm…?  Oh my gosh, if you ask me to twitch anything, I swear…”
“Twitch…?” Alexandre asked, a frown marring his brow.  “Why would I do that?”
“Are you ‘having me on’ as you British say?” Samantha asked with suspicion in her voice.  “Or do you really not know about twitching?”
“I am uncertain as to why you would assume I wish you to endure a spasm.”
“It’s from a television show…the main character is Samantha and she’s a witch that twitches her mouth when she does magic.  I’ve been teased about my name for as long as I remember.”
“I apologize for my ignorance concerning television shows, but rest assured, I would never tease you about something so obviously upsetting.”
“You don’t watch much television?”
“No, however, my sister Emily would likely understand the reference.  She spent most of her time in the States and enjoys that type of thing.”
“Why would the two of you grow up in different places?”
“Our parents traveled on medical mission trips to dangerous locations and my mother refused to place Emily in that type of peril.”
“She didn’t mind putting you in danger?”
“Actually, she did, but my father insisted.  He felt he should not interfere in Emily’s upbringing as he was her stepfather, but he drew the line at being separated from his only son for any length of time.”
“Why?”
“His father sent him off to boarding school at a young age and he was determined that my childhood would be different.”
“Bobby said you went to all kinds of camps while you were growing up, though.”
“That is true, but they were only a span of a week or two at most.”
“Why was it so important to your father that you be that well-rounded?”
“You seem inordinately curious about my childhood.”
“Oh, well, I’ve never met anyone like…I mean, from another country,” she stammered, realizing she had been showing way too much interest in someone she just met.  Desperate to change the subject, she asked, “So, do you have any jumps set up around here?”
“Actually, we have an arena that I sometimes set up to practice dressage as well as jumping.  Do you enjoy jumping?”
“Yep…you do dressage?  I don’t know much about that.”
“Not competitively…I could teach you, if you like.”
“I might take you up on that.  Is dressage another thing your father wanted you to do so you would be well-rounded?”
Why can’t I stop asking him personal questions?  Shut up, Sam…before you do something really stupid.  Oops…too late…
“I fear I have given you the wrong impression.”
And I fear I’m giving you the wrong impression…or maybe the right one…I don’t know…I am so confused!
“How’s that?” she asked, trying to inject a casual tone in her voice and failing miserably.
“You seem to think that my father gave me no say in the matter of my upbringing.”
“That’s what it sounds like.”
“While my father was pleased at my ability to learn many skills quickly and proficiently, he simply presented the opportunities and allowed me to choose.”
“So, pressure by inference…?”
“There was no pressure involved, I assure you.  I eagerly sought out new adventures.”
“But Bobby said…implied…”
And now he knows how closely I was paying attention to everything anybody said about him.  Could I possibly be any more lame?
“It is true that my father put much emphasis on my family responsibilities and academic success.  He insisted that those were imperative to my future and he proved quite the taskmaster in those areas.  My extra-curricular activities, however, were my own to decide.”
“That’s actually pretty cool.”
And sounds a lot like my dad, but I can hardly say that…he might think I’m trying to…trying to…what…?  Show how much we have in common?  Make him like me?
“I feel very fortunate to have experienced much of what life has to offer.”
“I can understand that,” she murmured before blurting out, “Did you date Dee?”
“No, I did not; however, I did make the attempt.”
Don’t ask…don’t ask…don’t ask…
“And Brit…?”
And you had to ask…
“What about Brit?”
Oh come one, you know what I’m asking…don’t make me say it…please don’t make me…
“Did you try dating her?”
“I was never given the opportunity.  She and Jay are meant for each other.”
Let it go…don’t push it…just leave it alone…
“But you wanted to…date her, that is.”
“Why is my love life of such interest to you?”
“I…I…don’t know,” she answered in a whisper.  “I’ve never cared about that type of thing before.”
Reaching over to grasp the reins of Samantha’s horse, Alexandre carefully pulled both animals to a stop.
Samantha stared straight ahead, refusing to look at her riding companion.  For all practical purposes, she’d just admitted that she was an idiot with a huge crush on him and at that moment, she wanted nothing more than for the ground to open up and swallow her whole.
“Samantha,” Alexandre said in a quiet and gentle voice, “please look at me.”
Reluctantly, Samantha turned her head and met Alexandre’s eyes and, once more, Alexandre felt the rush of electricity coursing through him.
This is right, his head as well as his heart told him.  Samantha is your mate and you would do anything for her.
“I could explain my past actions, and I will if you insist, but believe me when I tell you that any women I have shown interest in previously are now relegated to the past and have no bearing on my future.”
“Will I be relegated to your past?” she asked in a strangled voice, almost as if the question had forced its way out of its own volition.
A calm acceptance and anticipation filled him at the obvious pain lacing her words.  Samantha felt it, too…the undeniable pull between them.  Although Alexandre had feared it was too soon for him, that he wasn’t ready for a lifetime commitment, he had been wrong.  While neither of them were ready for marriage, they were ready for a relationship…they were ready for each other.
“No, my dear Samantha, you will never be relegated to my past because you are my future.”

Saturday, June 23rd

New York City, New York
Offices of Dr. Philip Reinhart

“Blake and Liam have arrived, sweetheart.”
“Thanks, Joyce…send them in.”
“He’s in exam room three,” Joyce said.  “This way.”
“Welcome, Blake…Liam…” Philip greeted them as Joyce ushered them into the room.  “I thought I would examine her in here first.”
“Do you need me for anything, Philip?”
“We’ll be fine, love.  Go finish your paperwork.”
“Good to see you again, Joyce,” Blake said.
“You, too, Blake,” Joyce replied before shutting the door between them.
“Thanks for your help, Philip,” Liam said as he lay Mary on the exam table.
“We all do what we can to help our fellow Pack members, and you’ve helped me out more times than I care to count.”
“Are you certain you can’t fly out to the ranch with us?” Blake asked.  “Your brother Bruce and his mate along with their two eldest sons will be accompanying us.”
“I have too many surgeries scheduled over the next couple of weeks to leave,” Philip said as he pulled out his stethoscope and set to work.  “We’re short staffed right now.”
“And your mate…?”
“Joyce has agreed to stay within range of my hearing as much as possible, and since she’s the administrator of the hospital, she can go anywhere in the facility and do as she pleases.  Also, we took your advice and hired that kid, Wallace, as Joyce’s summer intern, so when I’m in surgery, he’s there to keep an eye on her.  He seems to be a trustworthy young man.”
“He is that and since he’s pre-med at NYU, I thought this would be a great opportunity for him to see how a hospital works firsthand.”
“Sounds like a win/win for all of us.”
“If you run into any problems, let me know and I’ll send Joey back to you.”
“From what Joey tells me, you’re a bit short-handed yourself out there trying to cover that amount of acreage.”
“We do need all the hands we can muster.”
“This is amazing,” Philip said as he shone his pencil light in Mary’s eyes.  “She seems to be in perfect stasis.  I definitely want to see what’s going on inside her head.  Let’s get her into the MRI first.  Liam…?”
“I’ve got her,” Liam said as he gently slid his arms under her shoulders and knees, cradling her to his chest.
“Follow me.”

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana
Private Airstrip

“Thanks for the lift, Jean Luc,” Sunnie said kissing him on the cheek and sliding from the SUV.
“My pleasure.”
As Minsk watched, Sunnie flew up the stairs that Sinclair had just moved into place and waited impatiently for Rod to open the door.  Usually, Rod or Nick opened the door and jumped down to retrieve the steps for the passengers, but whenever Sinclair happened to be around, he always offered what assistance he could.  Minsk had often wondered if Sinclair’s actions stemmed from residual guilt feelings over his part in his parents’ death or if he would have been the same, regardless.  In any case, Sinclair always stood ready to do what he could for other people.
Two days previously, Sinclair had been all set to take Sunnie to the airstrip to meet Rod’s jet, per her usual whenever she and Rod were apart, when Brit had marched into Blake’s office and practically demanded to go.  Sunnie, standing behind Brit, had nodded to Jean Luc, in effect offering her place to Brit, realizing that space was limited and the girl needed it more than she did, before quietly leaving the office, unseen by Brit.
Sinclair proved more than willing to remain behind and keep an eye on the ranch house instead of making the drive to the airstrip.  He never complained and never raised his voice in anger.  At times, Minsk thought he was too good to be true—something had to be boiling beneath that calm exterior—but the counseling sessions between them had effectively convinced him that Sinclair was exactly as he appeared.
As soon as Sunnie disappeared into the plane, the Reinharts emerged.  Minsk exited the vehicle and met them halfway while Sinclair returned to stand beside the vehicle he’d driven to the airstrip.
“Bruce…Alicia…it is good to see you,” Minsk said kissing Alicia on the cheek and offering Bruce his hand.  “It has been a while.”
“Probably fifteen years,” Alicia said with a smile.  “Time flies.  Is Dawn here?”
“She is and looking forward to seeing you again.”
“Great to see you, Doc,” Bruce said shaking his hand.  “My brother sends his regards.”
“How are Philip and Joyce?”
“Busy, as usual…you remember Conn and Spence…” Bruce said as his two sons joined them.
“We saw Doc last time we were here,” Connor said.
“Yeah, he’s pretty cool and took our side against Brit.”
“He did what?” Alicia asked, glaring at her two sons.
“Oh, hey, Sin…” Spencer hollered and bolted towards him.
Connor shrugged and followed his brother saying, “I guess he’s our ride…?”
“He is,” Minsk acknowledged.  “Sinclair will drop you at the bunkhouse before driving your parents to the main house.”
“Oh man, the ’rents should have to ride with the old people,” Spencer complained.
“Thanks, son,” Bruce said with a wry smile as he took his wife’s hand and led her towards Sinclair.
“We’ll see you at the house, Jean Luc,” Alicia called.  “I have a nice long chat planned.”
“I shall look forward to it,” Minsk replied before turning to the man walking towards him.
“Jean Luc.”
“Good to have you back, Blake,” Minsk said shaking his hand.  “How is Mary?”
“The same,” Liam answered as he carefully navigated the steps, his mate in his arms.
“Did Philip find anything?”
“The tests came back normal,” Blake admitted.  “Dr. Reinhart was as baffled as Dr. Dawson.  He said to give him a call and he’ll send you copies of everything if you like.”
“I shall do that,” Minsk said pushing a button on his remote for the power lift gate.  “Liam, I have spread blankets in the back of the SUV for you and your mate.”
“Thanks, Doc,” Liam said with a tired smile as he moved towards the vehicle.  “Just get us home.”
At Minsk’s raised eyebrow, Blake answered the unspoken question, “He wishes to take her to his house, and I think it would be best for them to be alone for a while.”
“Blake, maybe you could stay and try to help revive her one more time…?” Liam asked from inside the SUV.
“I will do what I can,” Blake assured him before turning to Minsk and adding in a low tone, “I hope you can help, Jean Luc, because her condition is apparently not physical in nature and she has not responded to anything I have attempted.”
“I shall do my best.”
“That’s all any of us can do.”

Ranch House
Brit’s Bedroom

“She was so flushed when she got back, though,” Brit whispered.  “I’ve never seen her look like that before.”
“It could have just been the exercise,” Deana suggested.  “Riding horses is strenuous.”
“Did you see her eyes?” Brit insisted.  “She looked shell-shocked, just like she looked yesterday.  I think it’s really happening!  I think Sam’s found her mate!  Butt out, Jay…private girl conversation.”
“What’s he saying?” Stephanie asked.
“He’s telling me that Alexandre can hear every word we’re saying and by the look on his face, he is not pleased,” Brit said with obvious delight in her voice.  “I knew it!  Sam’s going to be one of us!  Sorry, Jay, I’ll try to lower my voice.  Yes, I know she’s out by the barn with you and Alexandre and the men, but she can’t hear us.  Okay, fine, we’ll quit talking about it…at least for now.  Well, you wolfie types should learn how to multitask.”
“What is Jay saying?”
“He thinks our conversation is distracting Alexandre.  I’ll make a deal with you, Jay.  It’s very simple…if Alexandre nods to you and admits he’s Sam’s future mate, we’ll stop talking about it.  That’s fair, right?  Of course I have the self-control to follow through on my promise.  So is he nodding?  He’s not?  Nod, dammit, you stubbornly polite British wolf.  I’m not shutting up until you do…do you hear me…?  I plan to…Oh, he did…?  Really?  So, who cares if it was a desperation nod to shut me up?  He just admitted Sam is his future mate and he wouldn’t lie even to shut me up…okay, fine, lowering my voice.  Geez Louise, man, you sound like a broken record.  Of course not, sweetheart, I love broken records.  I’m sorry, I’m just so stinkin’ excited!”
All three girls jumped at the knock on the door.
“Uh oh,” Brit said in a sheepish tone.  “Come in…?”
“You, with me,” Jay said as the door swung open.
“I really am sorry, Jay, I’m just so wound up and…”
“Fine, have it your way…we’ll stay in here,” Jay said between clenched teeth, striding across the room towards his mate.  “Unless the two of you wish to witness how I shut my mate up, I suggest you leave…quickly.”
“TMI,” Deana said getting up to leave.
“We’re out of here,” Stephanie said with a laugh, following Deana out and shutting the door behind them.
A slow smile crawled across Jay’s face and Brit almost dissolved into laughter.
“You really know how to clear a room, my love,” she whispered.  “Finally, some alone time,” she added a split-second before his lips crushed hers.

Ranch House
Kitchen

 “This cheesecake is absolutely heavenly,” Alicia said before scooping up the last bite on her plate.  
“I agree,” Cynthia said holding her fork in front of her mouth and staring at it.  “I am torn between stuffing my mouth totally full and taking very small bites to make it last longer.”
“It is quite the conundrum,” Maggie agreed.  “I’ve never tasted cheesecake quite like this before.”
“I certainly won’t be able to stay here long without gaining ten pounds,” Liza said before taking her last bite with regret.
“I have to watch every calorie whenever we’re here,” Dawn admitted.  “Everything Georgia does is flawless.”
“She is magical,” Alicia said.  “I know at least ten restaurants in The City that would snatch her up in a New York minute.”
“Brit says that Quort is helping her start her own restaurant,” Cynthia offered.  “It’s sure to be a success.”
“Hopefully on the east coast…?” Alicia prompted.
“Brit didn’t say.”
“Speaking of Brit,” Alicia began, turning to Dawn, “your husband seems to be under the erroneous impression that Brit is some sort of monster and my sons mere victims of her villainy.”
“I take it that is not the case…?” Dawn prompted.  “Even though Brit admits to punching them regularly…?”
“Well, if I recall—Cynthia correct me if I’m wrong—the first time Brit punched my sons was the time they decided it was great fun to lift the girls’ dresses and peek at their panties.”
“They didn’t!” Dawn gasped in shock.
“You’re right, Alicia, that was the first incident,” Cynthia agreed.  “The second one was hair-pulling.  Brittany had grown her hair out and liked wearing it up in a ponytail, so the other three girls fell right in line.  Four ponytails apparently presented too much of a temptation for the boys.”
“Oh yes…my sweet little angels figured out that it could be great fun to make girls cry,” Alicia said nodding.  “My little guys were quite the terror when they were younger…and so hard-headed…they must have gotten that from their father,” she added suspecting that Bruce, out by the barn, could hear every word.
Sure enough, she immediately felt his amusement and smiled.
“And they seemed to play off one another,” Cynthia added, “which made them even worse.”
“No wonder Brit punched them,” Dawn exclaimed with obvious horror in her voice.
“We always punished the boys whenever we knew what was going on, but those girls were actually rather closed-mouth about it all.”
“All except for Tiffany,” Cynthia reminded her sister-in-law.  “Which is why they started avoiding her most of the time.”
“True,” Alicia acknowledged.  “Most of the incidents we didn’t even know about until years later when the boys finally owned up to them.  We knew about some of them, of course, but since Brit single-handedly taught them how to be gentlemen, we left it alone for the most part.  I knew she couldn’t really hurt them and since Blake had the boys under control, we knew he wouldn’t ever allow them to hurt her, so Bruce and I decided to let Brit handle it in her own way.”
“I suppose I should be thankful I only had one boy and he took after his father in temperament,” Dawn said.
“I’d always thought about trying for a little brother for Deana,” Liza admitted, “but now I’m relieved that I didn’t.”
“Thank goodness Jay never acted like that,” Maggie said with a shudder.
“And I had all girls,” Cynthia said with a chuckle.  “Poor Alicia…”
“Poor Alicia, indeed,” Alicia said with a twinkle in her eye.  “So, I think I deserve that last piece of cheesecake for all that I’ve been through.”
“Um…I don’t think so, sis-in-law,” Cynthia contradicted as she reached for the platter.  “You’ll have to fight me for it.”
“I suppose we could split it two ways,” Alicia said with a sigh.
“Hey,” Maggie exclaimed, “what about us?”
“I’m not giving up without a knock down drag out,” Liza agreed.  “That cheesecake is definitely worthy of a bout or two.”
“You four go ahead and duke it out,” Dawn said with a laugh as she rose from the table.  “I need to visit the ladies room.”
Leaving the women arguing over which one should do the dividing, Dawn headed for the stairs.
“You should apologize to Brit, my darling,” she murmured in amusement, realizing that her husband must have heard the whole conversation from his position near the barn.  “You were wrong about her.”
Feeling his consternation through their emotional bond, Dawn chuckled as she opened the bathroom door.  Her incredibly intelligent psychiatrist husband had been so convinced that Brit had simply been abusive that he had discounted any other possibility.
Dawn, on the other hand, knew that Brit had a gentle and loving heart, even though she seldom showed it, and had been just as convinced that Brit must have had good reason for her actions, even as a child.
Normally, when the two were at odds about something, her husband was invariably correct.
“Nice to be right occasionally,” she said in an undertone, wondering if Jean Luc would hear it.
Feeling his answering amusement, she realized he had and was acknowledging her small victory.

Ranch House
Barn

“Where is Blake?” Alexandre whispered, barely moving his lips.
“At Liam’s house…why?” Minsk answered in the same manner.
“Liam has his own house now?” Bruce asked.
At Garth’s confused look, Trey whispered, “They have extremely sensitive hearing so sometimes we’ll only get part of their conversations, but they’ll know everything we’re saying.”
“Hardly fair,” Garth said.
“It is what it is,” Felix said with a shrug.  “Eventually, you get used to it and get over it.”
“He took one of the bunkhouses a few years ago and remodeled it,” Minsk answered Bruce.  “We normally do not attempt to covertly converse in front of others,” he added shooting a questioning look at his son.
“My apologies,” Alexandre said.  “I shall check on Samantha’s progress.  We should begin soon if we are to accomplish anything before dark.”
“Sam doesn’t know about…?” Garth asked.
“No, and I’d like to keep it that way for as long as possible,” Trey answered.  “I’m already losing two of my girls…I’m not ready to lose anymore.”
“I’m afraid I’m about to lose my one girl,” Garth said.  “I wish I could dislike the guy, but that’s a no-go.  He’s just so damned polite.”
“I can relate,” Trey agreed.  “I suppose we should just be happy our girls are smart enough to fall for nice boys.”
Inside the barn, waiting patiently for his future mate to finish dressing, Alexandre heard Trey’s words with ambivalent feelings.  On the one hand, he felt he should come clean to Samantha’s father and admit that she was his future mate; while on the other hand, he simply wanted to savor their time together without the added complications of other people’s involvement.
Of course, Alexandre’s father and Tanner already knew.  Brit had involved herself and by extension Jay, Deana, and Stephanie.  Bruce had to have heard Brit’s spiel as she had obviously never been introduced to the word discreet.  The number of people involved had grown to alarming proportions in a very short time.  Hard on the heels of that realization came the realization that Alexandre had no hope of keeping his relationship with Samantha from anyone.  Samantha’s father should hear it from him instead of from some other source.  Although Alexandre had to admit, either way, Trey Macintosh was not going to be pleased.
“How does it look on me?” Samantha asked from the doorway of the dressing area, interrupting his rumination.  “I’ve never worn a…a…”
“Riding habit,” Alexandre finished for her, swallowing hard and taking a deep breath before feeling composed enough to continue.  “You look…you are…perfect.”
“Really?” she asked glancing down.  “You’re sure nobody minds if I borrow this?”
“The clothing closet is available for any one wishing to utilize the riding gear.  The only stipulation being, leave it in the condition found or replace it.”
“That’s fair.  So, you think it fits okay?  It seems a bit tight in spots but loose in others.”
“As I said…you are perfect.”
Glancing up and meeting Alexandre’s gaze, Samantha’s breath caught in her throat and for a moment, all she could do was drown in his eyes.
“Shall we…?” Alexandre asked, offering his arm.
“We shall,” Samantha said with a smile slipping her hand through the crook of his arm.

Ranch House Driveway

“Your family is waiting for you.”
“Aren’t you coming in?” Tiffany asked in disappointment as Grant unloaded her suitcase.
“No.”
“Why not?”
“I have been away far too long and need to attend to some personal matters.”
“Wait…what?  Are you saying you actually live here?”
“In the vicinity.”
“And you were planning to tell me this when exactly?”
“At the right moment, which appears to be at this moment.”
“Oh, you’re hilarious…not.  Why all the secrecy?”
“No secrecy involved; it never came up in conversation.”
“Why am I even friends with you?  You never tell me anything.”
“Have I ever failed to answer your questions?”
“Duh…yeah…”
“Such as…?”
“The danger we’re all in…you’ve never satisfactorily explained any of that.”
“You know everything that you need to know at this time.”
“Well, that’s convenient for you…anytime you don’t want to answer my questions, you can say ‘you know everything you need to know at this time’ and expect me to just leave it at that.”
“You are upset, my Tiffany.”
“Ya think…?”
“However, I wonder if you realize the true reason behind it.”
“Of course I do…you and your damned secrecy.”
“If you insist.”
“Fine…I admit, I don’t know why I’m so ticked off, but apparently you think you do.”
“If I promise to come back later tonight and share with you my favorite place much as you shared yours with me, would that negate the anger you are experiencing?”
“Yes,” she whispered.
“I will text you when it is time.”
“I’ll be waiting.”

Ranch House
Quort’s Bedroom

“Knock knock…anybody home?” Tiffany asked from the doorway.
“Tiff!” Stephanie said sliding off the bed and rushing into Tiffany’s arms.  “You came!  You’re here!”
“I wouldn’t miss your wedding for anything, Steph, you know that,” she said as she pulled back to look in her eyes.  “Besides, I’m maid of honor.”
“Do I get a hug?” Brit demanded from behind Stephanie.
“Brit…I’m so glad to see you,” Tiffany said as she wrapped her arms around her much taller sister’s waist.
“Can I get in on this?” Deana asked.
“It’s great to see you, too, Dee,” Tiffany said pulling her in for a group hug.
Immediately, Stephanie moved in between Dee and Brit to complete the circle.
Everything felt so different to Tiffany.  She used to feel like such an outsider, sure that other people were thinking horrible things about her, but it was almost as if she could sense the love in the room…in all of their eyes.  She could feel tears starting up in hers, but instead of stifling them, she allowed the others to see.
“Hey Tiff,” Jay offered as he moved to stand behind Brit.  “Do you remember me?  I’m Jay.”
“Of course,” Tiffany scoffed.  “How could any of us forget the hottie we all fought over on our one and only visit to Berkeley?”
“I’ll take that as a compliment.”
“It was definitely meant as one.”
“Do you remember me?” a plaintive voice asked from the bed.
“Aren’t you the womanizing best friend with the weird name…?”
“Well, Quort, somehow I don’t think that’s a compliment,” Brit snorted in amusement.
“Yeah, well, those days are long gone,” Quort said totally unperturbed.  “I’m a changed man.  This is Georgia…my girlfriend.”
“Hi Georgia, Quort’s girlfriend,” Tiffany said with a grin.  “I already know Rick, but I have no idea who that cutie pie is…or that other shorter guy.”
“I…um…” Freddie began.
“The tall guy is Freddie,” Brit supplied, “and he kind of belongs to Dee.”
“I do…?” Freddie asked in surprise before a pleased expression overtook his face.
Deana blushed a bright red, but offered no denial.
“And the short guy is Mike, the resident computer geek.”
“Come on, man,” Mike reproached, “Why don’t I ever get called a cutie pie?  I’m cute.”
“First hint,” Tiffany said with laughter in her voice, “don’t call me a man and maybe someday it’ll happen.”
“It’s just a figure of speech, man,” Mike muttered.
“Anyway, nice to meet you both and I’m glad to know Brit hasn’t changed a bit and still tells it like it is.”
“Yep, Bit Knee hasn’t changed at bit,” Quort teased.
“You told him?” Tiffany asked Brit in surprise.  “You never tell anyone that story.”
“Well, actually I did,” Deana admitted.  “I was trying to distract everybody and it just popped out.”
“Did it work?” Tiffany asked.
“Somewhat.”
“Then my work here is done.  So, what are we all doing in one bedroom?  Nothing too kinky, I hope.”
“Three guesses and the first two don’t count,” Stephanie said.
“Gotta be spoons, but where’s Sam?  She never turns down a raunchy game of spoons and this is obviously shaping up to be the raunchiest game ever.”
“She’s out riding with Alexandre,” Deana offered.
“Riding…?  As in horses…?”
“Yep.”
“Oh, cool…I want to ride.”
“I’m sure they would take you with them.”
“Who’s Alexandre?”
“He’s…well…” Brit began.
“He’s my cousin,” Rick broke in.
“Then I look forward to meeting him,” Tiffany said with a tentative smile.
Relieved, Rick smiled back and Stephanie squealed.
“Oh stop it,” Tiffany said with feigned grouchiness.  “It was just one tiny smile that doesn’t mean squat.”
“If you say so,” Stephanie said attempting to smother her own smile.
“What’s this I hear about you riding up with Grant?” Brit asked.  “I didn’t even know you knew him.”
“Do you know him?”
“I know of him.”
“Because of that horrid Blake person, no doubt.”
“You know about Blake?”
“I know of him…from Grant.”
“None of us have met Grant,” Jay admitted.
“Actually,” a quiet voice said from the bed, “I know Grant.”
“Really, Georgia?” Mike asked in surprise.  “How do you know him and I don’t?”
“He drops by and helps me in the greenhouse and I take him food sometimes.”
“What do you talk about?” Quort asked.
“We don’t…talk, that is.  We just work.  He’s a very restful person to be with.”
For a moment, Tiffany felt a twinge of jealousy before realizing how Grant would react to that.  Although he wouldn’t say anything negative, Tiffany knew he would be disappointed that she’d regressed.  Closing her eyes and taking a breath, she opened them to find a various range of emotions on everyone’s faces…some fear, but mostly concern.
“Are you okay, Tiff?” Stephanie asked.
“I’m fine…great, actually, and that is the perfect description; Grant is the most restful person I’ve ever met.”

Ranch House
Brit’s Bedroom

“So, where’s Tanner?” Tiffany asked later as she unpacked her hanging clothes.
“He’s out in the bunkhouse with the rest of the guys.”
“Guys…?  Who else is here?”
“Conn, Spence, Tanner, Joey, Bobby, and the Atwood brothers…I think that’s pretty much it.”
“Atwood brothers…?”
“Andrew, Bradley, Christopher, Derek, and Ethan…”
“Alphabetical names…really…?” Tiffany said with a laugh.  “I guess that made it easier on their parents.”
“I didn’t realize it right away,” Brit admitted.  “Our first meeting kind of surprised me.  I was coming out of Quort’s room carrying a tray and there they were…five humongous trees.  Of course, I dropped the tray and one of them…um…anyway, it didn’t dawn on me until later about their names.”
“Do they ever come to the house?”
“I haven’t seen them,” Stephanie said, “and I got here yesterday.”
“Neither have I and I’ve been here since Thursday,” Deana added.
“Where did you go, Dee?”  Tiffany asked.  “I thought you’d been here all along.”
“I left for a while…anyway…I haven’t met the Atwood brothers either.  Have they been here long?”
“Not very,” Brit answered.  “They used to come up to the house more often, but I haven’t seen them in a while.”
“What do they do out there all day?” Tiffany wondered.
“Probably disgusting guy stuff,” Brit said before quickly changing the subject.  “Tiff, I need to tell you about what Steph and I decided.”
“About the wedding?”
“Yep, we want to go with three maids of honor between us.  Is that okay with you?”
“Makes sense,” Tiffany said.  “Can’t very well leave Sam or Dee out…that wouldn’t be right.”
“Exactly, so we’re trying to figure out how to get everybody down the aisle without making one person seem more important than the others.  Do you have any ideas?”
“I might…where is the ceremony going to be?”
“In the backyard,” Brit answered.  “It’s got the best landscaping plus a gorgeous view of the mountains.  There should be a spot right in front of the pretty greenhouse for the actual ceremony.”
“Where’s Sam?  Shouldn’t she be in on this, too?”
“Sam’s still out with Alexandre.”
“Are they a thing?”
“We think so,” Brit whispered, “but she hasn’t said anything yet so we’re keeping quiet about it.”
“Why are we whispering?”
“Because Dad doesn’t know, yet.”
“He’s so going to have a cow.”
“Anyway,” Brit continued in a normal voice, “we have our first wedding planner slash rehearsal meeting tomorrow so we all need to put our heads together and see if we can come up with a good idea.”
“I’ll think on it and see what…” Tiffany began but stopped at the vibration in her back jean pocket.  “Hang on a sec; I need to check my texts.”
“Sure, go ahead.”
“Um…I hate to leave, but I have someplace to be.”
“It’s Grant, isn’t it?” Stephanie asked.  “Are you two…?”
“He’s my best friend…well…except for you, of course.”
“It’s okay, Tiff, I’m glad you found a best friend,” Stephanie assured her.  “I’ve been worried about you.”
“I don’t deserve it, but thanks for caring.”
“I love you, Tiff.”
“We all do, Tiff,” Brit added.  “We always have.  It was just a little hard to show you sometimes.”
“I know…and I’m sorry.  It was all my fault and I promise I’m trying to do better.”
“You’re doing great,” Stephanie said.
“Well, you can thank Grant for that,” Tiffany said.
“When can we meet him?”
“Yeah, that’s a good question.  I’ll ask him, but he’s kind of…unpredictable about that type of thing.”
“No problem,” Deana said.  “Hopefully, we’ll see him at the wedding.”
“Maybe…I’ll be back later,” Tiffany said picking up her jacket.  “Don’t wait up.”
“Some things never change,” Stephanie said shaking her head.
“Some things don’t have to,” Tiffany retorted as she let herself out of the room.

Copse of Trees North of Ranch House

Although Tiffany hurried, Grant still beat her to their meeting place.
“Hey!” Tiffany said, bending over to catch her breath.
“I have never seen you this winded,” Grant commented.
“Flat out running will do that to you.”
“You were anxious to see me?”
“Yeah, well, don’t let it go to your head,” she teased before noticing his mode of transportation.  “You have an ATV?”
“I find it useful for navigating the ranch.”
“Why do some people know you and others don’t?”
“Are you acquainted with everyone in the world?”
“You know what I mean…people at the ranch…Georgia knows you, but Mike doesn’t.”
“Mike has never needed me.”
“But Georgia has?”
“Yes.”
“And that’s all you’re going to tell me,” Tiffany said with a sigh.
“At this time,” Grant agreed.
“Okay, so, is this your favorite place?  It’s nice…a lot like mine at home with all the trees and birds…and it’s so quiet.”
“This is a very nice area, but it is not our final destination.  Simply a convenient meeting place close to the ranch house.”
“Do I get to ride on the ATV?”
“Of course.”
“Cool!  Would you teach me to drive it?”
“If you like.”
“Hop baby let’s go.”
“Interesting phrasing.”
“Yeah, I don’t know where I heard it, but I liked the way it sounded so I’ve been waiting for a chance to use it.”
“Then by all means, hop baby let’s go.”

Ranch House Grounds

“Thanks for helping me clean the riding habit,” Samantha said as they left the barn.  “I’m afraid I’m not very domesticated and would have probably ruined it.”
“My pleasure.”
“And thanks for taking me horseback riding…and teaching me dressage…and picking us up at the airport…”
“Again…my pleasure.”
“So, I guess I should go see what the girls are up to.”
“It is such a pleasant evening, I wondered if perhaps you would enjoy a tour of the back garden.”
“Back garden…?”
“Backyard,” he substituted.
“Oh, sure, that would be great.  I haven’t been out there yet.”
“This way,” Alexandre said taking Samantha’s elbow and leading her around the side of the house to a small ornate gate covered in greenery.
Although Samantha desperately wanted to say something…anything…to break the tension mounting between them at his touch, it was all she could do to remember to breathe.  She could neither deny the attraction she felt for a guy she barely knew, nor explain it.  Swallowed whole; that seemed to be the closest comparison she could come up with for how she felt and she fervently hoped she’d survive the experience because she didn’t have the strength to push Alexandre away…even to save herself.
Reluctantly releasing his hold on Samantha’s elbow, Alexandre realized he needed to break the spell the contact had placed on both of them.
Clearing his throat, he said, “I have always enjoyed the eclectic style of this garden.”
“Um…yeah…it certainly has a lot of variety.”
“Many people have contributed over the years.  Blake has placed only one restriction on any that wish to participate.”
“What restriction is that?”
“Each participant is allotted one area to do with as they wish, but they must agree to contain themselves to that area.  However, it can be as large or small as the available space allows.”
“It’s incredible how everything works so well together.  Like the wolf fountain next to that beautiful weeping willow.  It just looks so…right.”
“The discreet lighting helps pull it all together, highlighting different portions of each exhibit.”
“Is that how you think of this…stuff…as exhibits…?”
“In a way, I do.  My childhood was filled with trips to many museums of all types so I tend to view things of interest as exhibits.”
“Does any part of it…this backyard garden…appeal to you in a personal way?”
“One part,” Alexandre admitted.
“It’s okay if you don’t want to share…”
“The gazebo and its contents; My father and I built it for my mother.”
“It’s lovely.”
“Mother’s favorite movie is Gone with the Wind, one of the few movies that I have actually watched, and my father wanted to provide her with a piece of southern elegance here in Montana.”
“I can see it,” Samantha said as she moved inside the gazebo.  “The structure is reminiscent of pre-war southern charm,” she added as her hand stroked one of the columns.  “You did a wonderful job.”
“Would you care to sit?” Alexandre asked indicating the painted white wrought iron love seat.
“It’s almost too pretty to sit on, isn’t it?  The heart shapes are so…whimsical…it almost looks like it would break with my weight.”
“Delicate, yet sturdy,” Alexandre murmured as he took her hands in his.  “A fascinating combination.”
Samantha knew he wasn’t talking about the furniture any more and her heart rate accelerated in an alarming manner.  Slowly lifting her eyes to meet his, she once more experienced the equivalent of sticking her finger in a light socket…but, unlike at the airport, Alexandre didn’t pull away and Samantha didn’t have any willpower left to insist.

Ranch Lake

“The moonlight is so beautiful on the water,” Tiffany said sighing as she snuggled into the light-weight blanket Grant had thoughtfully provided.
“I felt sure you would enjoy the view.”
“Thank you for sharing it with me.”
“When I have an issue to work through, I always find myself here,” Grant admitted.  “It is as if my head magically clears from staring at the reflection of the moon on the water.”
“Maybe it can help me.”
“Is there a problem?”
“Oh, sorry, no…it’s just that my sisters are trying to figure out all of the wedding stuff, and organizing events isn’t really their thing.”
“Is it yours?”
“I’ve had some experience, like organizing bake sales and car washes to raise money for cheerleading stuff.  Those went well.”
“What exactly needs work?”
“Well, since you asked,” Tiffany said with a laugh, “there are three of us that are maid of honors or maids of honor…how would you say that to make it plural?”
“Definitively maids of honor…plural maids with singular honor.”
“Okay, thanks…good to know.”
“You are welcome…continue.”
“So, the thing is, how do you get everybody where they need to go without showing any preferential treatment and making somebody feel like they’re not as important as the others?”
“I would suggest first discovering what is important to each person involved and cater to their specific needs.”
“Like if walking in first is important to one person, let them do that, but if the position in front of the brides makes them feel special, give them that.”
“That could be a part of it; however, it is not limited to that.  Thinking outside of the box instead of catering strictly to tradition has merit.  Each person has their own style and if you can reflect that in the ceremony, I believe that everyone would consider the day a triumph.”
“That is some good advice,” Tiffany said.  “I’ll think on that and maybe something will come to me tomorrow when we’re planning.”
“I am certain you will make a success of it.”
“Well, I’m glad you have such confidence in my ability, but I’m not sure its warranted.”
“I can assure you, it is.”
“You are my biggest cheerleader, aren’t you?”
“Always, my Tiffany…always.”

Sunday, June 24th

Ranch House
Backyard


“This has a lot of potential,” Tiffany said walking around to get a good feel for the backyard.  “It’s more like a park than a backyard.  Nobody would ever guess anything this beautiful was back here.”
“You have an idea?” Stephanie asked.
“Actually, I do.  Something Grant said last night, that each of us has our own style and that should come out in the ceremony, got me thinking outside the box.”
“What did he have in mind?”
“He didn’t say anything else, but it really got my wheels turning.”
“Go on,” Brit encouraged.
“Brit, what’s your favorite part of this whole landscaping?”
“Oh, that’s easy, I love the fountain.  It’s a wolf howling at the moon with water coming out of its mouth.  I mean, what’s not to love…right?”
“Okay, Steph…?  What about you?  What’s your favorite part?”
“I’m drawn to the rose garden.  I love the smell and the artistic way the gardener mixed the colors.  It’s so bright and vivid and…well…colorful.”
“Great!  Sam…?”
“Earth to Sam,” Brit said once again snapping her fingers in front of Samantha’s face.
“Oh, sorry…what’s the question?”
“What’s your favorite part of this area,” Tiffany asked.  “It can be anything in the whole backyard.”
“I like this area,” Samantha said running her hand along the empty part of the seat next to her.
“You like a love seat that has two heart-shaped backs and two heart-shaped seats…?” Tiffany asked in disbelief.
“It’s not just the chair,” Samantha objected.  “I like the gazebo and everything in it.  It’s…it’s…whimsical…like something from pre-war Gone with the Wind.”
“Well, okay then, moving on,” Tiffany said glancing at Stephanie with a slight shrug as if asking ‘what’s up with her’.
Stephanie shrugged in return.
“So, that leaves you, Dee,” Tiffany said.  “What floats your boat?”
“I love the balcony and how the greenery discreetly outlines the whole thing.  I noticed the white flowers that bloomed this morning and framed the railing and poles when Freddie and I were out walking and it was lovely.”
“And there we have it folks,” Tiffany said in triumph.  “There’s your wedding.”
“I’m afraid I don’t follow,” Brit admitted.
“Okay, picture this…Dad walks out from the back of the house all alone like this,” Tiffany said as she demonstrated the route their father would take.  “He stops here and reaches one hand out towards the fountain and the other towards the rose bushes.  Brit steps around from behind the fountain—we’ll probably have to drape something for you to hide behind so Jay won’t see you yet, but we’ll worry about that later—and Steph steps out from amidst the rose bushes—again something artistically arranged to hide you—and both of you glide towards Dad.  Each of you take an arm and he escorts you to the open space here in front of the greenhouse.  We’ll need an arch and many many flowers decorating it.  Some gauzy or lacey stuff would be great, too.  Are you with me so far?”
“I’m getting the picture,” Stephanie said, “and I’m liking it.”
“Great…now the maids of honor will each be in their respective favorite places and precede all of this stuff with Dad.  I believe the best man or men…will there be one or three of them…?”
“Three,” Stephanie said.  “They liked our idea.”
“Great…that will make it easier.  So Dee will gracefully descend from the Balcony, Sam will be revealed sitting on her love seat, and I will use the same door that Dad will use so I can make sure he doesn’t pass out or chicken out or anything like that and knows when he supposed to go.  Our counterparts will greet us at a certain point to escort us to the archway.”
“Is that your favorite part of the backyard?” Deana asked.  “The back door…?”
“Actually, running the wedding is my favorite part of the backyard,” Tiffany admitted.  “So anything works for me.”
“We’re so glad you’re here,” Stephanie said with a misty smile.
“We’d be lost without you,” Brit agreed.  “I wouldn’t have thought of something so cool.”
“And you can’t tell anybody other than the people directly involved, because I want this to be dramatic.  Also, I hope you really really like it because in order for it to work in the spectacular manner in which it’s supposed to, nobody can be seated until all of us are in place and that means holding your position until your cue music starts playing.”
“It sounds so exciting,” Stephanie said.
“A wedding to remember, for sure,” Brit concurred.
“I’m glad you’re pleased because I’m about to work the dog out of all of you.  We’ve got a lot of stuff to get ready.”
“Sorry we’re late,” Jay said from the back porch.
Walking over to Brit, he bent down and kissed her cheek.  
“We had some things to work through,” Rick said coming up behind Stephanie and slipping his arm around her shoulders.
“Freddie!” Deana exclaimed in surprise as he and Alexandre followed them out of the house.  “What are you doing here?”
“I’m not entirely sure,” Freddie admitted with a sheepish grin.
“Freddie agreed to be my best man,” Jay said.  “After all, he did…er…help us out a few times.  I think that qualifies him.”
“What about Quort?” Brit asked.
“Actually, he’s the one that suggested Freddie because he didn’t want to do it.  He’s not big on ceremonies…something about being in too many of his parents’ weddings.  Besides, he doesn’t want to leave Georgia sitting alone.”
“Alexandre, are you a best man?” Samantha whispered then blushed bright red at the delighted smile he directed at her.
“I am indeed, and I would be honored to be your escort.”
“Well then,” Brit said with a huge grin on her face, “that settles that.  So, where’s the third one?”
“He will arrive shortly,” Alexandre offered.  “My father detained him for a moment.”
“There he is,” Rick said indicating his look-a-like coming around the corner of the house. “Everybody, this is Nick, my twin brother,”
“You have got to be kidding me!” Tiffany exclaimed drawing all eyes to her.  “There’s another one of you…?”
“My thoughts exactly,” Nick retorted as he stopped in front of her.  “I can’t believe there are four of you Macintosh witches.  Your poor father…”
“I was just about to say the same thing about your poor mother.  She must be a nervous wreck from raising demon spawn.”
“I was so hoping you two would get along,” Stephanie said with a sigh.
“Get along…?  Come on, you know you thought twins with twins would be cute.  Admit it, you’re trying to set us up.”
“No way in hell!” Nick exploded.  “Over my dead body!”
“Wow, look at that, we’re in total agreement…even if he were the last creature on earth I would never be interested in my future brother-in-law’s look-a-like.  That would be just…creepy!”
“Well, believe me, I don’t want anything to do with any girl blood related to Amazon Brit.” 
“Amazon Brit is awesome and you are a total moron.”
“And you’ve just made my point for me…Macintosh witches…all of you.”
“Nick,” Alexandre said in a calm tone, “could I have a moment of your time?”
For a minute, it looked as if Nick would refuse.  Turning on his heel, he stomped back into the house.
“If you will excuse me, I shall return momentarily,” Alexandre said before moving to join Nick.
Nick started in before Alexandre could shut the door.
“I can’t believe Rick is marrying one of those…those…Nothing you say is going to make any difference to how I feel, Alexandre, so you might as well save your breath.”
“Samantha Macintosh is my future mate.”
“Aw hell…” Nick groaned, “except that.”
“I’m what?” a shaky voice asked from behind Alexandre.
“Samantha…” Alexandre whispered in distress before turning around to face the girl that embodied his whole world.
“What did you call me?” Samantha asked in a choked voice.
“Well, I just…um…I’ll leave you two alone…” Nick stammered before making a quick exit.
“You are my future.”
“You said mate…future mate…what does that mean and how do you know that?”
“This is premature.  We are not ready for a discussion of this nature.”
“And yet, we’re having it.”
“I am not certain we can…not without…er…repercussions.”
“Repercussions…?  What are you talking about?”
“Alexandre,” a voice called to him from another part of the house, “bring the girl to my study.”
“Yes sir,” Alexandre answered taking Samantha’s arm.
“Who are you talking to and where are you taking me?”
“Blake and Blake’s study.”
“Why?”
“We shall see,” Alexandre said as he knocked on the door.
“Come in.”
“Blake,” Alexandre greeted him.
“Good to see you and your future mate.”
“And there it is again,” Samantha said in exasperation.  “Will someone please explain to me what’s going on?”
“Blake…?”
“Saddle your horses and find a place away from here to have your discussion.”
“Even though she is far from ready…?  What if…what if she does not…?”
“She is a Macintosh and therefore not faint of heart.  Trust your heart and explain what you think necessary.”
“I never expected…”
“Is that not why you asked for my whereabouts yesterday?”
“How did you…?”
“Go now before the group shows up at my door looking for you.”
“We will and thank you.”

Ranch House
Computer Room

“Hey Mike.”
“Tiff…you remembered my name.”
“Of course I did, cutie pie.”
“It’s not the same if it’s not in front of other people.  What do you want?”
“I just thought maybe you could show me some of your geeky computer stuff.”
“You like geeky computer stuff?” he asked with suspicion in his voice.  “You don’t seem the type.”
“I love computer stuff, but I can’t even get 3G on my phone.  What’s up with that?”
“Oh, that’s Blake, he doesn’t want anybody online right now.”
“Why?”
“It could be…um…dangerous…”
“Does he let you get online?”
“Well, yeah, but that’s because I’m the one that…er…takes care of stuff.”
“What kind of stuff?”
“Just…stuff.”
“Okay,” Tiffany said with a sigh.  “So maybe you could show me some of your stuff.  I’m so bored without the internet.  I think I’m suffering withdrawal…you know what I mean?”
“Yep, I can’t stand to be away from it for very long.”
“What are you working on right now?”
“Nothing much…just a computer game that Ethan and I are trying to finish.”
“Ethan…?  He’s one of the Atwood brothers, isn’t he?”
“Yep…he’s a computer geek, too.”
“That’s so cool.  Could I see the game?”
“I suppose it won’t hurt to show you.”
“Can I play it?”
“It’s still glitchy, but there are parts that are done.”
“Great!  Can I see?”
“Sure…”
Tiffany coughed delicately before asking, “Is there any soda in the house?  I’m parched and all I can find to drink is water, tea, coffee, and milk.”
“Blake doesn’t like junk food, but I keep a stash of sodas in the laundry room fridge.  Georgia doesn’t tell anybody…she’s cool that way.”
“I would really appreciate it if you could get me one.”
“Sounds like a good idea,” Mike agreed.  “I could use one myself.”
“Hurry back.”
“You could go with me,” he suggested.
“I’m so tired from all of the traveling, I would rather just sit and wait here, if you don’t mind.”
“Okay, be back in a jiffy.”
“No hurry,” she called as he left the room.
Quickly typing in ‘Grant Fine’, Tiffany was shocked at how fast images started popping up.  Thankfully, the ranch internet was ten times faster than the internet at home because she knew Mike wouldn’t be gone long.
“Wow,” she whispered as picture after picture told the story of Grant Fine’s life…and death.  “You’ve got a lot of ’splainin’ to do, mister,” she said softly before quickly x-ing out of all the tabs she’d opened.
“Here’s your soda.  I heard you say you needed some ’splainin’.”
“You did?”
“Yep, so you liked the game that much?”
“It was awesome.  I think it’ll be a total hit.”
“Cool.  So let’s get to the ’splainin’.”

Ranch House
Brit’s Bedroom

“I can’t believe Mom thought to bring her wedding dress for me,” Brit said shaking her head.  “You don’t mind, do you, Steph?”
“I’m way too short to wear anything of Mom’s,” Stephanie assured her.  “Besides, it’s more your style than mine.”
“I have always loved the pictures,” Brit admitted, “and secretly hoped to wear it some day at my own wedding.  I love the slim lines and off the shoulder long sleeves.  You can’t find that anymore.  Everything is either strapless and too modern or high necked laciness that’s too old-fashioned.”
“Well, I’m just glad some of the moms have sewing experience because my dress needs a little altering, too.”
“Why don’t you try it on and show us?” Tiffany suggested.
“I guess I could,” Stephanie said.
“Why don’t you both try on your dresses?” Deana asked.  “I’d love to see them.”
“Okay, you’ve convinced me,” Brit said reaching into the closet.  “Mom said we’d let it hang out for now and have a fitting tomorrow, but I’m dying to try it on anyway.”
“Oh my gosh, Steph!” Tiffany exclaimed.  “What the hell happened to you?  Did Rick do that?  Is he hurting you?  Because if he is…?”
“He’s not hurting me, Tiff,” Stephanie assured her, quickly pulling her dress over her head.  “It’s just a scratch.”
“Brit…did you see…?  Oh my gosh, you have scratches, too…in the same exact spot.  What the hell is going on around here?”
“We’re fine, Tiff, I promise,” Stephanie said holding her eyes.  “You know when I’m lying and I’m not lying right now.  Everything is great and the scratches are no big deal.”
Glancing around the room, Tiffany said, “Well, it looks like nobody here is alarmed by huge dog scratches that magically appear on boobs, so I guess there’s no reason for me to be concerned either.”
“There’s really not, Tiff,” Brit said with obvious sincerity.  “Please just trust us.”
“I do trust you,” Tiffany said shaking her head sadly, “I’m the one nobody trusts and I can’t say I blame you.”
“Tiffany…” Stephanie called after her as she left, closing the door quietly behind her.
“Let her go, Steph,” Brit said with tears in her voice.  “We aren’t allowed to tell her anything so going after her won’t get us anywhere.”
“I hate this,” Stephanie said before bursting into tears.
Outside the door, Tiffany’s heart broke for her sisters.  There was something going on with them and for some reason they couldn’t tell her, even though they obviously wanted to.
“Blake…it has to be Blake,” Tiffany said pulling out her phone, “and I plan to get answers right now.”
After quickly typing in a text, she ran down the stairs and around the side of the house heading towards the copse of trees to wait for her best friend.  He was about to get an earful.

One Mile West of the Ranch House

“Say something…please…”
“I’m not sure what to say…it’s…it’s…a lot to take in.  Dee actually saw what she thought she saw all those years ago, and Jay is one, and Rick is one, and all my boy cousins, and their cousin Joey, and my uncle Bruce and Bobby…oh my gosh, what about Thorne and Roger?”
“Who are Thorne and Roger?”
“Oh, you don’t know them so I guess they’re not.  I just assumed from what you said about Pack members being drawn to anchors, that the other two that kissed me must be part of it.”
“I know more of our Pack members than most, yet I still do not know everyone.  If I might inquire…How many unwanted kisses have you been subjected to?”
“Only four…and yes, I punched them all in the jaw because they didn’t ask first.”
“I shall remember that.”
“I doubt it will be a problem with you.”
“Might I ask why?”
“Because you’re so much of a gentleman, I’m afraid I may have to be the instigator.”
“You wish to kiss me?”
“Since we first met…but now…everything has suddenly gotten so weird and I don’t know what to think anymore.”
“You do have the right of rejection…”
“Alexandre, I’m not rejecting you,” Samantha interrupted.  “We’ve barely even gotten started.  It’s just that…well…my head is spinning and I have so many questions.”
“Blake has granted me permission to answer anything you ask.”
“Generous of him,” Samantha muttered.
“Your first question…?” Alexandre prompted.
“Are you one of those he-man types of werewolves…”
“Shapeshifter…” he corrected.
“…that is going to get all jealous and possessive and stifle me and never let me do what I want?”
“Of course not!” Alexandre exclaimed in surprise.  “Why would you think that?”
“It’s what all the books and movies make a big deal about, and for some stupid reason girls seem to think it’s all romantic and cute, but I think it’s a bunch of horse manure.”
“I would agree with that assessment…definitely horse manure.”
“Are you laughing at me?”
“Samantha,” Alexandre said, taking her hands in his, “the reason you are my soul mate is because you are adventurous and daring and brave and you go your own way and do your own thing regardless of what other people think.  Why would I want to change the things I love about you the most?”
“You…love…me…?”
“I realize that you need time to…”
“Do you love me?”
“I do,” Alexandre answered with what sounded suspiciously like misery in his voice.
“But you don’t want to,” Samantha said with tears in hers.
“No…No!  You are my future…my everything…I feel like I have known you my whole life and I am complete when we are together.  That is how it is for my kind.  You, however, have not had time to grow to love me and I fear that your knowledge of shapeshifters will interfere with what should have been the normal progression of our relationship.”
“You want our…relationship…to progress like…like…normal people?”
“That is my hope.”
“We can do that?”
“If it is what we both want.”
“It’s just that until an hour ago, my future was wide open and uncertain, but now it feels like it’s set in concrete all of the sudden and I don’t know quite how to feel about that.
“You caught me unawares, also, and I admit to feeling extremely unprepared for marriage.”
“Marriage…?”
“Ultimately,” Alexandre acknowledged.  “Does the thought frighten you?”
“A little,” she admitted.
“Then we are on the same page,” Alexandre said with a trace of humor.  “That is a relief.  I am woefully ill-prepared for a step of that magnitude.”
“I don’t even know what I want to do with my life yet and I already have a mate.”
“Future mate,” Alexandre corrected.  “Nor do I.”
“What’s the…um…procedure to go from future mate to actual mate?”
“Are you certain you are ready for that information?”
“No, but I think I should know so I don’t do something accidentally stupid or anything and make us mates.”
“Good point…the interesting thing about the trigger is that it differs from couple to couple.”
“What does that mean?  How can it differ?”
“Your sisters, for example, had two different experiences.  There were similarities, but…I am not explaining this well, I fear.”
“It’s fine…how do you know about my sisters’ experiences?”
“I am not certain how you will react to my explanation.”
“Try me.”
“I was present during a portion of Brit’s illness…”
“Illness…?  It made Brit sick?”
“In a way…and to answer your question more fully, most of the Pack share information of that sort in order to prepare the rest of us.  Usually it is shared with my father who then discusses it with me, but it is a common topic of conversation.”
“I get that, it’s fine.  What kind of sick?  Did she pass out or throw up or catch a cold…?”
“Jay and Brit partially triggered her dormant blood which led to nausea and pain in a sensitive area…”
“You can partially trigger this mating thing?”
“It is not common, but it happens.”
“What causes it?”
“Apparently, mixed emotions…the unwillingness to totally surrender to the feelings you have for your future mate.”
“Jay rejected Brit?”
“There was no rejection…merely a lack of acceptance, and it was not Jay.  Brit fought their mutual attraction.”
“What about Steph?”
“Apparently, Stephanie’s issues were more self-image and her twin used that against her to cause friction between Rick and Stephanie.”
“I was there for that.  It was not pretty.  I thought Rick was going to murder Tiff in her sleep.”
“After that, it only remained to trigger Stephanie’s blood, which according to Rick, was not planned, and then she accepted him as her mate.”
“What do you mean, wasn’t planned?  What happened?”
“It was after Stephanie had been kidnapped.”
“And so, we arrive at the million dollar question…what actually triggers the blood?”
“It can be accomplished in many ways, but the underlying emotion is complete acceptance and surrender to the feelings an anchor has for her future mate.”
“You’re saying I could simply say those words and I’m triggered?”
“Not exactly.”
“Then what do I have to do…or not do, if I want to avoid it.”
“Highly charged emotional encounters are generally the only way to trigger the blood.  That is when one is more likely to fully experience emotions without the thinking processes mucking up the proceedings.”
“Oh my gosh…are you saying, in your proper English way, that it’s a response to making out…?”
“In essence…yes.”
“Wow, that’s a relief.”
“It is?”
“Of course…as long as we don’t make out, we can’t trigger my blood, and we can do what you said…progress normally.”
“Somehow, I had not pictured the lack of physical affection as a normal progression.”
“I just thought, since you have so much…well…self-control, it wouldn’t be a problem for you.”
“I assumed you were the one in possession of super-human self-control, per your suggestion that we could easily avoid the trigger.”
“But you’re British…”
“English…”
“Okay…English…and you just seem so…under-control all the time…like when you quietly asked Nick if you could speak privately.  What was that about, by the way?  Why would you be the one to talk to him instead of his own brother?”
“Rick and Nick spend much of their time at odds with one another because of their opposite personalities and outlooks on life.  Emily and I, on the other hand, have a special relationship with each of them.”
“Oh, that makes sense.”
“As to my being ‘English’, I am actually considered half French and I can assure you, my blood boils whenever I am in close proximity to you.”
“You…you…want me?” she whispered.
“More than you can possibly imagine.”
“Then we have a huge problem.”
“Indeed.”

Ranch Lake

“Are you going to explain what’s really going on around here or should I start guessing?”
“To what are you referring?”
“You…Steph…Brit…Sam…the kidnappings, and yes I overheard my cousin talking about Sam’s kidnapping a long time ago, which I had nothing to do with by the way…why we had to come all the way up here to the ranch for weddings that should have been in California…why Dee was someplace else until last Thursday…why a bunch of guys that I never see are living in a bunkhouse somewhere on the property…why my dad is suddenly okay with a lot of stuff that should be totally freaking him out…weird claw marks in places they shouldn’t be…”
“What have you seen?” Grant asked with narrowed eyes.
“Steph and Brit both have matching claw marks in a very private place and I’m drawing some rather odd conclusions.”
“Such as…?”
“We’ll get to that as soon as you explain your part in all of this.”
“I am your protection as well as your friend.”
“What was your father’s name?”
“Is that relevant to this discussion?”
“Maybe I’m just changing the subject to throw you off.  Are you going to answer the question?”
“His name was Thomas.”
“Do you have any other relatives named Grant Fine?”
“Ah…”
“Ah…indeed,” Tiffany said in satisfaction.  “I’ve seen pictures…I know that you’re…that you…well, anyway, you’re a lot older than you appear.”
“That is why you bewitched Mike…you needed access to the internet.”
“Well, he’s got our 3G blocked somehow so I had to do something.  All I can do is call and text.”
“Do you think it is right to use people in that manner?”
“If you had told me the truth I wouldn’t have been forced to resort to that.”
“That is a poor excuse for using someone.”
“I know…I know…I’ll apologize later—I promise—but first I want the truth.”
“What exactly do you think the truth is?”
“Dee was right…wasn’t she?  She saw something ten years ago and…and…”
“And…?”
“You’re one of them.”
“One of whom…?”
“You’re a…a…a werewolf,” she finished on a whisper.
For a long moment, Grant stared into her eyes before heaving a resigned sigh.
“You aren’t denying it,” she accused.
“As I have said many times, I do not lie.”
“So…you really are…you know…a…werewolf?”
“We prefer shapeshifter.”
“And you raced cars back in the ‘50’s…?”
“I did.”
“Are you…I mean…do you still have the…um…scars…?  Some people thought you died.  Is that why you grew a beard?  So you wouldn’t be recognized?”
“Actually, I grew the beard to hide the fact that I do not have any scars.”
“Where did they go?  The picture I saw of you after the wreck was…well, all kinds of scary.”
“The injuries were considered serious, but with my healing abilities, I quickly mended.”
“Why didn’t you go back to racing after that?”
“As you noticed, many speculated that I perished, and if I had been fully human, I would have so it would hardly do to return to racing as if nothing had happened.”
“People would ask questions.”
“As you say.”
“Why were Steph and Sam really kidnapped?”
“There is a group of men determined to kill all of us.  It is a long story, which I will share with you, if you are interested.”
“Of course, I’m interested…but before you do that, can I ask a really personal question?”
“Certainly…although I may not answer.”
“As always…” Tiffany muttered.
“Ask your question, my Tiffany.”
“How old are you…I mean, you look like you’re in your thirties, but I know that can’t be right so are we talking seventy-five or a hundred and five or what?”
“Are you positive you wish to know?”
“Yes, I am.”
“I am not seventy-five or a hundred and five…I am two-hundred and seventy-five years old.”
“Oh my,” Tiffany said in a faint voice.

Monday, June 25th

Ranch House
Living Area

“Mr. and Mrs. Macintosh, may I have a moment of your time?”
“Of course, Alexandre,” Cynthia said with a wave towards the sofa.  “Join us.  We’re just resting from all of the wedding work that Tiff is forcing on everybody.  That girl is a quite the taskmaster.”
“Alexandre…?” Samantha called, “Where are you?”
“Excuse me,” he said before moving towards the stairs to meet his future mate.  “I shall return shortly.”
“No problem, just don’t tell Tiff where we are,” Trey said with a laugh.
“Hey, Alexandre…I thought you had something you had to…oh no you aren’t,” she said taking in her parents sitting in the living room.  “You were going to tell them without me, weren’t you?”
“It is my responsibility to ask for your parents’ permission to court you.”
“You are the sweetest man alive,” Samantha said with all sincerity, “but you aren’t doing this alone, lover boy.  Come on, let’s go beard the lion in his den.  It’ll be fun.”
“Not encouraging, my love.”
“Not meant to be.  We have to yank it off like a bandage.  Hi Mom…Dad…so how much has Alexandre told you?”
“About what?” Trey asked with narrowed eyes moving between the two of them.
“About us,” Samantha said in a casual tone.  “We’re a thing now.”
“What kind of thing?” Cynthia asked.
“If you’re asking if we’re mated yet, that would be a no and that will certainly be quite a while in coming if we can keep our paws off each other, but if you are asking if we’re dating, that would be a resounding yes.”
“Samantha…” Alexandre began.
“Oh, right…my future mate wishes to ask your permission to court me.  Now I know what you’re thinking…what happened to my one date a year plan…well, for my future mate, I plan to give all of that excitement up.  It will be hard, I know, but I’m tough…I can handle it.  Of course that means no more punching out guys for kissing me without permission, but I’m sure I’ll live.”
“Samantha…” Alexandre said again.
“I’m almost done playing with their heads,” Samantha admitted with a laugh.  “After all, Dad’s had years of expecting all this wolf stuff to happen so I figured it can’t be that hard for him.”
“Are you quite through?” Cynthia asked.
“Oh come on, Mom…you can’t tell me you’re happy with the way things happened.  You apparently didn’t know, either.”
“Your father did what he thought was best, Samantha Jane Macintosh, and I expect you to apologize to him.”
“What about an apology to me for forcing me to date guys I didn’t want to date…how about that for starters?  Especially since you knew I’d find a mate and that would be it…no need for comparisons.”
“We didn’t know that,” Trey said in a quiet tone.  “Odds were you would find a…a…”
“A fully human counterpart…” Alexandre supplied.
“No offense intended.”
“None taken.”
“Well, I take offense,” Samantha said in a cross tone.  “In fact, right now I feel like taking a fence and throwing it at you.  I don’t know what to do with all of this.  I can’t even get this right because I apparently put the cart before the horse and now I feel all…all…”
“Discombobulated…?” Alexandre once more supplied.
“Exactly!  Good word, by the way.”
“Thank you.”
“What do you mean you put the cart before the horse?” Cynthia asked.
“Apparently, Alexandre wasn’t supposed to tell me anything about wolves until we triggered my blood, but I overheard something I wasn’t supposed to hear and found out way too early in our relationship, which is causing my future mate all kinds of stress wondering if it will chase me away, which in turn is causing me all kinds of stress worrying about his stress.”
“I am fine, Samantha.  Please do not distress yourself.”
“Easier said than done, sweetie pie.”
“I just want to ask you one question, Sam,” Trey said, “and then you can continue to berate me in any manner you see fit.”
“Fair enough…shoot.”
“Are you happy to have met Alexandre?”
For a brief moment, Samantha stared into her father’s eyes and saw it all—the pain, the sadness, the frustration, the helplessness—and she knew she couldn’t do it anymore…couldn’t hurt the man she’d loved and respected her whole life.  Deep down she realized whatever he’d done, it was for the good of his family; it always was.
“Darn you, Brit,” Samantha muttered.
“What does Brit have to do with it?” Cynthia asked in bewilderment.
“Dad knows,” Samantha said with a wry twist of her lips.  “It’s called taking the wind out of my sails…”
“…and shooting it full of holes,” Trey finished for her.
“She told me you’d find a way, and you did.”
“I can but try.”
“You can but succeed,” Samantha corrected.
“I love you, Sam, and I only want what’s best for you.  I always have.”
“I know, Dad, I just…it’s all so…”
“Overwhelming…?” Alexander offered.
“That’s it exactly.  My future mate is a walking talking thesaurus.”
“Welcome to the family, Alexandre,” Cynthia said getting up and pulling her daughter into a hug.  “It’s growing by leaps and bounds.”
“Buck up, Dad,” Samantha said over her mother’s shoulder with a mischievous grin plastered on her face.  “It could be worse.  At least you still have Tiff.”


Ranch
Liam’s House

“We have left you alone long enough, Liam,” Blake said.  “Don’t you think it’s about time you told us what happened?”
“Otherwise, we can be of no help to you,” Minsk said.  “Do you wish for your mate to remain in stasis forever?”
“She can’t be my mate,” Liam insisted.  “She rejected me.”
“She bears your marks.”
“She sent me away.”
“Did she bear your marks at one time?”
“Well, yes, but…”
“Then those are your marks.  She could never bear another’s…you know this.”
“It’s just not possible.  She rejected me and we all know that means they should have disappeared.”
“Obviously they did not,” Minsk noted.
“You don’t want her to wake up,” Blake said in sudden comprehension.  “Why?”
“I…I don’t…”
“Ah…I see,” Minsk said nodding in understanding.
“What do you think you see, you old quack?” Liam asked in irritation.
“The pain you suffered the first time…you do not wish to experience that again.”
“Would you?”
“She did not reject you, Liam,” Minsk said in a gentle tone.  “Otherwise her marks would have disappeared.”
“But if she didn’t reject me, that means I rejected her and I couldn’t bear that…thinking I caused this…that I cast this curse on her…that I subjected her to this existence…”
“Please, Liam, share your story with us so we may assist in unraveling this mystery and help Mary regain consciousness.”
“I can’t, Doc…I don’t want to relive that time in my life.  There is too much pain.”
“Liam,” Blake said in a gentle voice, “I feel your pain, and it is well nigh unbearable now.  If we don’t resolve this, you will have to live with it for the rest of your life.  And without a mate, that looks to be a long long time.”
“It was the year you were born, 1902,” Liam began in a dead tone.  “I had spent many months traveling Ireland checking on members of the Pack and planned to head back to witness your birth when I met her…my Mary.”
His voice broke, and for a moment, he couldn’t even make a sound.
Blake sent him a ‘warm fuzzy’.
“Thanks,” Liam said, finally able to continue.  “I remember the first time I laid eyes on her.  She literally took my breath away.  I was traveling up the coast and had just left Dublin heading north when I decided to stop for a pint.  It was a quaint little tavern, well kept for the time, so I ordered an ale from the tavern keeper and swiveled around on the stool to survey the room…and there she was…delivering ale to a table full of boozed up old codgers.  They were flirting with her and she was flirting right back.  You could tell she’d known the old geezers forever and occasionally she would scold them when they got too raunchy, threatening to tell their wives what they were really up to.  It was all harmless and innocent fun and I knew right then and there she was my future mate.  The tavern keeper noticed my interest and started up a conversation to distract me, I suppose.”
“Are ye passing through?”
“Aye…a quaint wee village have ye.”
“Eyes off me daughter, spalpeen.”
“Daughter…?  And a fine bonny lass she be.”
“Too fine fer the likes of you, me thinks.”
“Of course, I didn’t pay any attention to his warnings.  Went right up to her and introduced myself.  Mary Cateline MacCarthy, she said she was…a fine name for a fine lass.  After that, we spent every moment we could together.  At the town dance, she turned down every other man.  She was a graceful little thing in her bright green dress with her fiery red hair all done up in wildflowers that she’d picked on our walks…and I adored her.”
“We were well chaperoned at all times by her father, her mother having died a couple of years earlier, and I was in heaven.  There were, however, some men in town who had been eyeing her for a while, and some of them became angry when Mary Cateline very nicely and politely refused them.”
“Two men in particular, two brothers, weren’t to be put off.  They basically stalked her until one evening their vigil was rewarded.  Mary Cateline left the tavern early in order to ‘pretty herself up’ for the dance we planned to attend that evening—as if you could improve on perfection—and by the time I arrived at her house to pick her up, the two had already torn her clothes from her body and were seconds away from violating her.  Rage consumed me and I immediately shifted and killed both of them…ripped them to shreds…and terrified my poor Mary in the process.”
“The Alpha had no command in place to prevent killing as you do, Blake, and I was young, especially for a Beta, with apparently very little control when it came right down to it, especially with my love involved.  In hindsight, of course, I would have done things very differently…two of them would have been no match for me even in human form, but hindsight, as they say, is twenty-twenty.”
“Mary Cateline was horrified at the ghastly sight, but didn’t realize that I was the one responsible.  Honestly, I hated leaving her there, but I had little choice, so I took off running for the woods and shifted back.  It took me a while to find clothing that fit so by the time I got back to the house, her father was there and had called in the constable.  The man had left the tavern a mere thirty minutes after Mary, but that was a lifetime for the would-be rapists.  Of course, if he had caught them, there was every chance they would have killed him.  I’m fairly certain that’s what they had planned for Mary after they were done with her so she couldn’t finger them afterwards.  Mary Cateline, though incoherent, managed to tell her side of the tale and the bodies—or what was left of them—were carted off in a wagon.”
“When I finally arrived at the house, she threw herself into my arms, and in front of her father, no less, kissed me like we wouldn’t have tomorrow.  Her father eventually broke us up, but I knew that her marks would be showing up by morning.  At that point, I had very little choice so I waited outside of her house and when I heard her fall asleep, I snuck in and took her away so I could help ease her pain and explain what was going on.”
“After the horrible pain finally ended, she demanded to know what was happening and then promptly freaked out once I explained.  The realization that I was the wolf that killed those two men was too much for her.  I have to admit, I was fairly freaked out myself.  I’d never hurt anyone before, much less killed anyone.  Mary Cateline called me a monster and ordered me to go away and leave her alone…so I did.  I hopped the next available ship sailing for Great Britain.”
“I just wanted to be alone with my pain, but in the midst of my grief, the Alpha’s voice came to me.  All he said was ‘Liam, my son needs you’ and then he was gone.  I could feel it…it was as if every bit of light in the universe had been sucked out and the grief I felt over what happened between the two of us paled in comparison.  That is why I didn’t kill myself.  The Alpha’s son—our new Alpha—needed me.”
No one spoke, as each digested what Liam had shared.
Finally, Minsk said, “That would explain why you could not sense Mary’s emotional state.  You were overcome with too much emotion of your own between the Alpha’s death and the loss of your future mate.”
“For the first year, at times it was like she was there, but after that there was nothing.”
“Have you tried…?”
“Between the two of us, Blake and I have tried everything we know to try…Alpha commands, smelling salts, loud noises…I even tried to bring her back by placing my hand on her…my…marks.  Nothing is working.”
“I have never fully shared with anyone other than Blake my experience with Dawn, but I believe it might apply here.”
“She was dying and you healed her,” Liam said with a shrug.  “Not the same situation.”
“Actually, Dawn was unconscious from the moment I arrived until I healed her.”
“How could that be?  The two of you weren’t mated when you first arrived.  Her husband had literally just died.”
“She was at death’s door with less than twenty-four hours of life left when I found her and no, we were not mated at the time.  However, I decided the most efficient way to keep her warm was to shift, and during our sleep, our minds spoke to each other.  We experienced everything in our minds as if real and in the end, she accepted me as her mate that way just in time for the healing to begin.”
“She was asleep the whole time?”
“Unconscious, yes…but her mind still worked and our minds melded.”
“So you’re saying that I should shift and hold her…and then what?”
“Fall asleep…let go your conscious mind.  My wolf allowed instinct to take over when my human mind would not have, thereby allowing us to…er…communicate.”
“The two of you had a make-out session with your minds…?”
“Accurately, if crudely, put,” Minsk admitted.
“You think it will work?”
“Do you wish it to?”
“I do, but what if she doesn’t…or doesn’t know what to do?”
“If what I believe about her stasis is correct, Mary is aware of her surroundings.”
“So she can hear me right now?”
“That is what I have surmised.”
“Then might I suggest the two of you leave so I can get on with this.”
“Of course,” Minsk said rising from his chair in the corner of the room.  “One word of warning…”
“Yes, what is it?” Liam asked with impatience coloring his voice.
“Keep a robe next to the bed unless you wish your future mate to receive quite a shock when she awakens.”
A slight smile crossed Liam’s face at the thought, the first amusement he’d felt in a long time.
“Thanks, Doc, finally some advice I can use.”
“My pleasure.”
And with that, Liam and Mary were alone.  
Liam turned to his unconscious future mate and said with a sigh, “Well, Mary Cateline, it’s just the two of us now so I’m going into the other room to shift.  You’ll hear some painful bone cracking, but that’s perfectly normal.  Please don’t be scared.  I promise that my wolf will not hurt you.”
He waited a beat, hoping in vain for an answer, but none was forthcoming so he did exactly as he’d outlined to Mary and moved into the living area to shift.
Minutes later, a russet colored wolf padded to the bed.  For a moment, the wolf simply stood and watched the slight movement of the woman’s chest indicating shallow breathing.  After nosing the blankets back, the wolf gracefully jumped up onto the bed and lay down.  Inching over slowly, the wolf snuggled up against the sleeping woman and licked her face before laying its head next to hers.
“Liam…Liam…are you there?”
“Mary…is that you?”
“I am here, Liam.”
“It worked…?  Doc’s suggestion actually worked?”
“Yes.”
“Could you hear what we were saying?”
“Every word.”
“I thought you rejected me.  You sent me away like  you hated me.”
“I never rejected you, Liam, and I could never hate you.  Not in my heart…never in my heart.  My head just needed time to come to terms with everything.”
“You told me to leave.”
“I needed to be alone to process what I’d seen and what it all meant.  I didn’t mean for you to leave me forever.”
“Then it is all my fault.  I cursed you to that fate…”
“Oh Liam, I never blamed you.  It was my fault, not yours.  I had just been assaulted and almost raped and then those men…they were killed right in front of me and…”
“I did that.”
“I know, and I have had over a century to replay that in my head and come to grips with it.  Perhaps I needed that time to understand everything you told me afterwards.”
“What do we do now?  Do you want to come out of the coma?”
“I do, Liam, I just don’t know how.”
“What happened to you?  How did you end up like this?”
“I was in so much pain after you left and then my father died of a heart attack and I had no one left except my father’s uncle.  I had no idea where you were or how to go about trying to locate you.”
“Oh my Mary…I am so sorry I wasn’t there for you.”
“The pain overwhelmed me, my pain, your pain, I felt it all and I started talking to you…trying to get you to hear me.  Sometimes I would scream it out loud and finally I managed to scare the people in the town so much that they forced my great-uncle to have me committed.”
“Committed…?”
“The doctors put me on medicines, but nothing helped so they decided to try electroshock therapy and if that did not work, one of the doctors wanted to operate on my brain.  Liam…are you ill…?  You are shaking…I can feel it…”
With a yell, Liam sat straight up in bed, shaking as if he had fever, sweat pouring off his naked body.
“Mary…” he whispered hoarsely.  “What have I done to you?”
Burying his face in his hands, he cried and yelled and when that didn’t relieve his pain, he threw himself off the bed and into the nearest wall, punching a hole all the way through to the next room.
Finally, totally spent, he slid to the floor in a daze…and that’s when he felt it…the warm fuzzies that Blake had been futilely trying to send him.
“Thanks, Blake,” he whispered.  “I’m okay now.”
Hauling himself off the floor, he didn’t bother moving into the other room, just shifted right there.  Once more settling in beside the woman, the worn out wolf instantly fell asleep.
“Liam, my love, are you there?”
“Mary…”
“I am so sorry.  I did not realize how my story would affect you.”
“My pride, Mary…my hurt pride and ego at being rejected put you in that position and I don’t know what to say or do to make it right.  I don’t deserve you or your forgiveness.  I’m…”
“I am as much to blame as you are, my love.”
“No…you did nothing wrong.  I am the one at fault.”
“Liam, listen to me…I, too, had pride and an ego and a century to realize that what happened to me was my fault.”
“But…”
“Listen to me, Liam.  Before you arrived, I had allowed one of those men to court me and looking back, I can see now that I was a bit of a tease.  Of course, I am not saying that I am responsible for their attempted rape, but I understand their anger towards me.  Once we began courting, I threw the man away as if he was nothing more than yesterday’s garbage.  It was not right.”
“Mary, my Mary…”
“I believe I am a much better person than I was then, and for that, I will always be grateful to Liss.”
“Liss…?  What do you mean?”
“Once the doctors decided to start radical treatments, I began praying for help and the day before I was to receive my first electroshock therapy session, Liss came to me and gave me a choice.  I could stay conscious and undergo a nightmare of treatments while still suffering the pain of our separation, or she could put me in a deep sleep.  I chose the sleep, Liam.  It was entirely my choice.”
“All of these years you could hear everything going on around you…”
“I did.”
“Is that why you sound so differently from what I remember?”
“We both do, Liam.  We will never be able to go back to the people we were, but perhaps we can make a new future?”
“You still want me?”
“I love you, Liam.  That will never change.”
“I love you, too, my Mary.  You are my everything.”  
“The other women you have known…?”
“Other women…?  There were no other women.  I was never unfaithful to you, my love.  How could I settle for anyone else when I’d known you?”
“But…I heard Mike talking and he said…”
“…exactly what I lead everyone to believe.  I carried an indescribable pain deep within me, but…”
“You wanted none other to know of it.”
“I couldn’t let anyone see me like that.”
“Did you have no one with which to share your pain?”
“The Alpha knew…he felt it, but we never talked about it.  Whenever he felt my pain overwhelming me, he’d join me in the way only an Alpha can, and that alone kept me from…from…”
“Oh Liam, my darling, you wouldn’t have hurt yourself…?”
“At times the darkness was so overpowering that I lost all hope.”
“My love, I’m so sorry I caused you so much anguish.  Can you ever forgive me?”
“There is nothing to forgive, my Mary.  You are my future mate and all I ever want…all I’ve ever wanted…was for you to be happy.”
“Will you ask me now, Liam?  Will you make me the happiest woman alive and ask me what you told me over a century ago you so badly wanted to ask…?”
“My lovely Mary, would you do me the great honor of becoming my mate?”
“Yes.”

Tuesday, June 26th

Ranch House
Blake’s Study

“All is well, Pierre?”
“Same as always, Blake, although, I think we may have convinced her to let us take her to the ranch for the wedding.  She doesn’t want us to miss it.  Do you know what day yet?”
“No exact date has been set, but it will be soon…possibly within the next two days.”
“Would Rod or Nick be able to pick us up and bring us back the same day?  That was her only stipulation.”
“Of course.  I will see to it.  If you need anything, call me.”
“Will do.”
Reluctantly, Blake disconnected the call.  Leaning back in his chair, he forced his lungs to inhale and exhale slowly, desperately attempting to lower his heart rate.
Once more the calm and collected Alpha in control, he picked up his cell to call Rod.

Ranch
Liam’s House

“You are finally awake,” a soft voice said from beside him.
“I am…” Liam answered before realizing he truly was awake…and he wasn’t alone.
Springing from the bed, eyes wild, Liam glanced around for the intruder.
“Liam…down here,” Mary said from the bed.  “I wondered if you were going to sleep the day away.”
“Mary…you’re…you’re…”
“I am finally awake, too,” she said with a laugh.  “It feels so good to be able to speak aloud again.”
“How…?”
“Last night, after I said yes, do you remember placing your hand over my marks?”
“I do…it seemed like the right thing at the time.”
“I believe it was the exact right thing to do.  For the first time in a century, I actually slept.”
“So it was just like the Doc and Dawn…she accepted him through their mind connection and he healed her.”
“Not that I mind, Liam, but are you not a bit chilly?”
“Chilly…?  Oh damn, no clothes.”
Mary laughed as he shot into the closet to find something to wear.
“The doctor did warn you, you know.  You should have put your robe on the end of the bed.”
“Yeah, well,” Liam said from the closet in a muffled voice, “that would have been hard to do.”
“Oh really…why?”
Stepping out of the closet, buttoning his jeans, he grinned and said, “Because I don’t own a robe.”

Bellingham, Washington

“Hey Butch, what’s up?”
“Oh hey, Emily…not much.  Pierre was just talking to Blake.”
“Why would he call?  Is everybody okay?”
“Sure, everybody is fine.  Blake calls at least once a day to check on us.”
“He does?  You never told me that.”
“I guess it never came up,” Butch shrugged.
“What kinds of things does he talk about when he calls?”
“The usual kinds of stuff like ‘how are things’ and ‘anything new’…that about covers it.”
“What do you tell him?”
“Pierre usually talks to him.”
“Okay, what types of things does Pierre tell him?  It’s not like much goes on around here.”
“That’s usually what he tells him, although today he was able to ask him about your Uncle Rod picking us up for the wedding.”
“What?  You told him that?  I never said I would go…just that I would think about it.”
“Yeah, and Pierre told Blake just in case so Rod would be ready if you decide we can go.  It’s not like we can wait till the last minute, you know.  I can’t believe you don’t want to see your cousin get married.  I wouldn’t miss it if I didn’t have to.”
“Does it really mean that much to you?”
“It’s Rick…he’s like our big brother, you know?  Just like you’re our baby sister.  Of course we want to be there.”
“I’m so sorry, Butch.  I’ve been selfish.  If you and Pierre want to go, we’ll go.”
“Seriously?  Great!  Hey Pierre, she said yes!”
As Emily watched Butch disappear through the front door, she could feel the panic rising up inside of her.
“What have I done/  What have I done?” she kept repeating over and over in her head.
Taking deep breaths, she tried to remain calm, but failed miserably.  Yanking open the pantry door, she found the familiar brown paper sacks her mother kept there and grabbed one.  Opening it, she clamped it around her mouth and held it there until her panic attack subsided.

Bellingham, Washington

“Pierre…?  Is something wrong?”
“Hey Blake.  Didn’t we just talk an hour ago?”
“I sensed something…not sure what.”
“Oh, that…”
“What happened?”
“Butch and I were outside talking about the wedding and we heard something in the house, like heavy breathing, and it freaked us out.  We ran in and found Emily in the pantry breathing into a paper bag.”
“She what?”
“Everything’s okay…she said it was fine…just asthma or something.”
“She said she has asthma?”
“That’s what she said.  Sometimes she has trouble breathing and the paper bag thing works.  To each his own, I guess.  Oh, by the way, Emily said we can make the wedding.”
“I will send Rod early Thursday morning.”
“I thought you didn’t know when the wedding was scheduled.”
“It will be Thursday.”
“Okay…” Pierre began, but Blake had already hung up.  “Well that’s odd…usually I’m the first one to quit the call.”

Ranch House
Blake’s Study

“You wanted to see us?” Jay asked as Brit and Stephanie each took a seat in front of Blake’s desk while Rick and Jay moved behind them.
“The wedding will take place on Thursday.”
“Thursday…” Brit said nodding, “I’m pretty sure the moms will be done with our dresses by tomorrow, so that should work great.  Are you okay with that, Stephanie?”
“I’m good,” she replied, smiling up at Rick.
“Aren’t you going to ask us?” Jay teased.
“Nope…you’re just the stinky old grooms…nobody cares what you want.”
“Glad to know how we rate,” Rick said taking Stephanie’s hand and bringing it to his lips.
“Inform everyone.  That will be all.”
“Sir, yes sir,” Brit said standing and saluting before turning on her heels and leaving the office.
Jay shrugged and followed, unsuccessfully trying to keep the grin off his face.

Wednesday, June 27th

Ranch House
Blake’s Bedroom

Something nudged Blake awake, although he couldn’t place it at first.  Something was very wrong.
Then he realized…he could not feel her presence…a presence he had felt constantly the past ten years…it was gone.  It was as if she’d died…but no, he wouldn’t even think about that possibility.  
Picking up the phone, he called the only person that would either know or could immediately find out.
“Pick up, Pierre,” he murmured, sending an Alpha nudge.  “Pick up now.”
The phone went to voicemail.
Hanging up in frustration, he tried another number.  No response from Butch, either.
Attempting a third number, he finally received a response.
“Blake, what’s wrong?” Dawn’s sleepy voice came over the line.
“Have you spoken to your daughter recently?”
“We spoke before bedtime…why?”
“She is not scheduled for any type of surgery or procedure of which I am unaware?”
“No, she’s still at our house in Washington.  Rod is picking her up Thursday morning so she can join us here at the ranch for the wedding.  Is something wrong?”
“Call her now and then phone me back after you’ve talked.”
During the agonizing five minutes while Blake waited for a return call, all sorts of unpleasant thoughts danced around in his head.
He barely allowed the phone to ring before he answered it.
“What did you discover?”
“She isn’t answering her phone or her texts.  When I couldn’t get her, I tried reaching Butch or Pierre, but they aren’t answering either.  How did you know…?”
“Send someone to check on them,” he ordered.  “I will be in touch,” he added before hanging up.
Although he knew he should have tried to comfort her, the panic inside of him was growing and he would have simply made her worse.
Within minutes, the phone rang.
“What’s happened to Emily?” Jean Luc demanded.
“I believe she may have been kidnapped.”
“By the Society?”
“Yes.”
“When did they contact you?”
“They did not.”
“Then how…?”
“I will explain later.  I must go.  I have another call.”
“But…”
Hanging up on his Beta, Blake took a deep breath before answering the incoming call.  Even though the screen indicated that it was from Emily’s phone, he still could not feel her presence and knew it would not be her voice on the other end of the call.
“What?” was all he could manage.
“Blake, I presume?” a slightly accented voice said.
“To whom am I speaking?”
“I believe you know, just as I know exactly who and what you are, so shall we skip the preliminaries and get down to business.”
“What have you done with the girl?”
“The girl…?  That is how you speak of your mate?”
“I have no mate.”
“Mate…future mate…semantics…we both know that she bears your marks so it is useless to attempt dissemination.”
For a moment, Blake couldn’t breathe.
“Information of which you were obviously unaware…interesting…”
“Is she alive?” he forced out.
“Of course, however, that is a situation that could change, depending upon you.”
“I wish to speak with her.”
“I shall attempt to rouse her,” the man said before hanging up.
By that time, Jean Luc was at his door demanding to be allowed into the room.
“You heard?” Blake asked.
“Only your side of the phone call, and only the last part.”
Opening the connecting door, he indicated that Jean Luc should join him in his office.  Silently the two sat staring at each other while waiting for the phone call.
For ten minutes, Blake waited anxiously, not for the phone call, but to once more feel his future mate’s presence.  Seconds before his cell rang, he felt it and was immediately able to regain control of his emotions.
“Yes.”
“Blake…?”
He could hear the bewilderment in her drowsy voice and his heart squeezed so tightly in his chest that he could barely find enough air to respond.
“Emily…”
“Enough,” the man’s voice interrupted.  “As you can see, I do indeed have your mate and she is, for the moment, unharmed.”
“What do you want?”
“Such a complicated question.  For now, let us just say that I require your presence…alone and unprotected.”
“Or…”
“I shall not only kill your mate right here and now in the most painful manner possible so you hear her screams over the phone, but also every mate of every one of your Pack.  I have a perfect starting place in the Macintosh family.  No doubt, many innocent people will die in my quest to eliminate all humans with blood ties to the original anchors, which is regrettable, but necessary.  We both know you cannot protect everyone.”
“If I do agree to meet with you alone, what guarantee do I have that you won’t do that anyway?”
“I do not see that you have a choice.”
“Where are you?”
“I have your mate…you will find me,” Le Duc said and disconnected the call.
“Emily is your mate,” Jean Luc said in a dead voice.
“Yes.”
“How long have you known?”
“A while.”
“How long?” Dawn repeated from the doorway, eyes boring into Blake’s.
For two minutes, no one spoke.
“Since she was twelve,” he finally answered, voice barely above a whisper.
“Are you mated?”
“No.”
“My Emily…” Dawn whispered grasping her chest, breathing hard, “my sweet baby girl.”  
Jean Luc caught her as she collapsed.
“I am sorry.”
“When do we leave?”
“I leave immediately.”
“I’m going,” Dawn said straightening.
“As am I,” Jean Luc added.
“If you wish to risk Emily’s life by following me, that is your prerogative,” Blake said with unconcealed brutality.  “Personally, I would rather not risk the one life that represents my whole world.”
“What do you mean?” Dawn asked.  “How would that risk her life anymore than it already is?”
“He wants me to come alone and that is what I plan to do.  I will not take chances with my future mate’s life by second guessing whether or not he is bluffing.”
“Why did you leave her so unprotected?” Jean Luc asked, the pain obvious in his voice.  “You know the prophecy.”
“Prophecy…what prophecy…?” Dawn asked.
“As do you,” Blake said, ignoring Dawn’s question.  He had no time to waste explaining what Jean Luc had seen fit to keep from her.  “How do you safeguard against a prophecy?  It specifically states that I must sacrifice myself to save my mate.  There was no way out of this…not for any of us, so I saw no need to…”
His cell ringing interrupted him.
“Blake,” he barked into the phone.
After listening for a few minutes, he replied, “Take care of them and tell them…tell them it wasn’t their fault.”
“Was that Byron?” Dawn asked as Blake ended the call.  “He lived the closest to our house so I called and asked him to go check on the kids.”
“It was.  The boys each took two bullets to the chest,” Blake said, “but they should make a full recovery.”
“Thank goodness they didn’t know to behead them or rip out their hearts,” Dawn said with a shudder.  “What are we going to do about Emily, Blake?  I can’t lose her…I can’t lose my baby girl.”
“I will do all within my power to keep her safe.  Jean Luc, I need you to quietly wake Bruce, Rod, and Mike and send them down to me.”
“What about the wedding tomorrow?” Dawn asked as Jean Luc left to do the Alpha’s bidding.
“It will go on as planned.  Have everyone stay together here at the house before, during, and after until someone hears from me.”
“What about patrols?”
“I don’t believe they will be necessary, the vampire knows I am all he will need.  That said, place someone at every station surrounding the house until further notice.”
“Do we tell anyone?
“No…not until I have communicated with one of you.”
“We’re here, Blake,” Rod said from behind Jean Luc as he entered the study.  “He filled us in on what’s going on and we heard the tail end of your conversation with Dawn.  What do you need us to do?”
“Go ready a small long range jet.  I’ll leave here within the hour.”
“I’ll just pop upstairs and tell Sunnie I’m leaving.”
“No…you aren’t going.”
“You’re flying yourself?”
“Yes.”
“Do you want me to file a flight plan for you?”
“I will do that in route.”
“The powers that be won’t like that.”
“I have connections.”
“Of course you do,” Rod said turning to leave.  “It will be ready whenever you are.”
“Mike, I need to know what private jets departed from the area around Bellingham, Washington within the last forty-five minutes as well as their destinations.”
“You’re sure she’s in a plane?” Dawn asked.
“Yes.”
“I’m on it,” Mike said and immediately left the room.
“How can I help, Blake?” Bruce asked.
“I need an airtight binding contract.”
“I’m your man.  What do you need?”
“Dawn, would you make sure everyone else is still asleep?”
“You’re trying to get rid of me.”
“Jean Luc…?” Blake said looking at him pointedly.
“I want to know…” Dawn began.
“Please do not force me into an Alpha command.”
“Blake…”
“I plan to sacrifice everything to save your daughter.  I need you to do your part.”
With a brief nod of defeat, Dawn left the room.
“What is my role?” Jean Luc asked as soon as his wife made the upstairs landing.
“Liam will not be able to take over for me while I am gone.”
“I shall do so.”
“Now,” Bruce said, “let’s get down to business.  What exactly are we trying to accomplish here…?”

Epilogue

Dover, England
Le Duc’s Dungeon Living Quarters

“I expected better from you, Monsieur Murphy.  You have put the whole operation at risk by anesthetizing the girl.”
“I disagree.  We had no problem rerouting the girl’s phone to yours.  There is no way that Blake Williams realizes she isn’t already with you.”
“Believe me when I say, there is a way.”
“We tried light sedation, but the girl wouldn’t cooperate.  If anything, the drugs made her worse.  We had no choice but to administer the anesthetic.”
“Your ETA…?”
“We’ve been in the air almost an hour, so we have at least another eight.”
“You are certain you were not followed?”
“Her two guards were permanently silenced…slugs through the heart.  There was no one else around.”
“You must keep the girl anesthetized for the remainder of the trip.”
“But you just said…”
“It is too late for mild sedation now.  Unless you wish to be intercepted, I suggest you do as I say.”
“How the hell…?”
“Per an earlier conversation, you will recall your comment regarding the ‘special group’ for which I search…?”
“Yes.”
“That group, and Blake Williams in particular, is indeed ‘special’ in ways that even if I explained, you would most definitely not believe.  That said, I must insist that you follow my instructions to the letter from this point on as any deviation could result in loss of life…yours.”
There was silence at the other end.
“Do I make myself clear, Monsieur Murphy?”
“Crystal.”
Le Duc disconnected the call, a chill running through his body.  His salvation drew closer with every passing second.  Finally, all of the pieces were falling into place and if everything went according to plan, the Alpha would soon be within his grasp.
As long as Murphy kept the girl too deeply unconscious for the Alpha to locate her before her arrival in Dover, all would be well.
Although Le Duc experienced some unpleasant moments when Murphy had called to report that Emily’s phone was ringing non-stop, that issue had been resolved and the plan remained intact.
Soon…very soon…he would once more be whole.

The End

Watch for the fourth and final book in the Twisted Tails Series by L. M. Reed
Blood Sacrifice
Coming soon!
Like L. M. Reed on Facebook for updates on upcoming books
Go to lmreed.com for links to all of L. M. Reed’s books








