Blood Lust
The Mermaid Trilogy Book 1
Kimaya Mathew 
Copyright Kimaya Mathew 2020 Published at Smashwords
 Smashwords licence notes:
 The following work is purely the author's imagination and bears no resemblance to any living or dead. This ebook is for your enjoyment, and it should not be re-sold or pirated. If you have not purchased this copy then kindly buy your own by visiting Smashwords site. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. Book cover courtesy: Rebecca All the content of the book is 18 and above, including the characters. Kindly look into it!
*****
Eva
The City of Doon
Previous Day
 
People say that I am mad. They think that I can’t speak. Physically, I know I can’t. But of course, no one looks inside my heart and mind and listens to the scream that keeps resonating there.I don’t know about you, reader but I love to see my victim dying before my eyes. Currently, I am sitting on his bed. He lies before me on the floor. Bleeding from the deep slash around his neck, his eyes are staring at the ceiling. Two minutes ago, they were on me. But then, he was trying to reach me through his hands. His eyes pleaded with me to save him. To not let him die such a gruesome death.
 
But of course, now he is dead and it’s time for me to exit. Finishing my glass of orange juice, I smack my lips and look around me. The bastard was rich dirt. The hotel room, those heavy-duty car keys on the table and well everything in the room shrieks of money. Disgusting, stinking, filthy richness! Bored, I get up from the bed, go towards the window side and remove the curtain. The police will be here in a minute. Sorry, my phone is buzzing…
 
“Where are you?”
I sigh heavily
“Dagger, please tell me you didn’t do anything to him. Please tell me that Rick is fine,”
Thank god I’m a mute. There’s no point arguing with the caller. Amrita is frankly a pain in the ass sometimes but today, with this tone, she is pissing me off.I disconnect the phone, unwrap the mint chewing gum, trash the wrapper and make it out of the room.
 
****


The City of Doon
Present Day
 
I’m a paid assassin. Of course, you know this already. Killing is something I do for earning not just my bread and butter but also for heart, mind, body and soul. Sitting in the girls’ room, I see her massaging my legs.I’ve been told to relax under Amrita’s hand. She’s the only one who rules over me in stressful times but it is this orphanage where I have received some warmth.
Ok, so I guess this entire narration is getting boring for you. Like every other person, I should start with my past life. So here goes…
My real name is Eva Fathom but for the world of crime, I’m just ‘Dagger’. I am a handicapped person who can’t speak. No, it’s not a birth problem. Till my high school, I had a shrill voice. I was the best singer in the choir. I won many awards too. People admired me, got jealous of me and bitched about me too.
My parents were the traditional folks of society. Rich, luxurious and as warm as an ice ball. I was their trophy child. They were proud of me, as I was the topper of the class too. But that’s it. Their affection was limited to my achievements. Beyond my grades, trophies and fake glamour, I never thought they even knew me.
Things were going the usual way before I visited ‘the lake’. A water body of awe and inspiration, right next to a Buddha Monastery of Clement town. People to date say that it’s a pious place.
I still remember that cursed place and time when my life changed. I was about to enter the most challenging phase of a girls’ life, puberty. My high school had begun. We went to the monastery for the school trip. It was meant to be a historical trip. The guide was taking us to the various corners of the place.
“Alright, you all can go and explore the place yourself now. But remember, no one is going near the lake sanctuary. Let’s not wake the dark powers now,”
All of us giggled at his proclamation. Dark powers? Who cares? Like idiots, we grinned and started our explorations. I don’t know what called me. What attraction did that lake had as I proceeded towards it without meaning to? Opening the metal gate, I went inside. The crystal clear water was enchanting. I had never seen such a beautiful sight.
 
Suddenly, I saw something floating quite close to the surface. I wasn’t certain what exactly it was but when I crouched low, it looked like a shiny snakeskin. Only the difference is that it was too long. I don’t know what instigated me but I touched the thing and felt a strong jolt of electricity. That fragile thing had wrapped itself around my wrist.
I let out a scream and swooned on the spot. Next thing I know, I woke up two days later in the hospital. My body was tarred and charred all over. I had huge burn marks in the middle of my hands. My hair had all gone from my head and my voice box was shut for forever.
I was no longer the shiny, dizzy-dazzle girl of the class. I was a freak. My parents were horror-struck and repulsed at my mere sight. I remember mom shrieking and dad turning his face when they came to look at me. The trophy child was no longer the deserving one. For three weeks, I was left in that condition inside that suffocating room.
Then one day, the tide changed. I was looking in the mirror and saw the ugliness right there. I was bald, mute and charred all over my face. The burn marks resided but the signs were still there. There was a silent whisper in my head, which told me to burn everything…everything…
Someone is shaking me! Oh! I think I went too deep inside my head.
“They say,” she whispers next to my ear, “There’s a new girl in the centre today. She is scared too,” Opening my eyes, I look toward Amrita. She hides her eyes but I can feel the fear radiating out of her body. The girls’ at the orphanage are scared of me.

*****
 
Shanti women wellness and rehabilitation centre
Dehradun
 
Running on the treadmill, with sweat sliding down my front and back and soaking my shirt, I look out of the window. The huge gong coming from the East catches my attention.Since the day I arsoned my parents’ abode (and they included in it) the evil inside me never stopped. That faint whisper in my head never quits. It sleeps with me and wakes up with me. The media went berserk the day I did the deed. The world changed for me. There was no one around me and I was left with just a big mansion, a huge amount of money and well, loneliness!
Of course, our family lawyer made sure that I never got the punishment. You must be wondering? Why did she do it then? Because I was tired of their fakeness, pretence and mostly with the fact that for all those three weeks they never even tried to know whether I was dead or alive. Nannies, governesses were my only friends’ and even they too were less bothered.
Whenever I asked them about my parents’, they would make some excuse for their absence. It was hard for me. And then one day, things became too much…
 
I shut down the past. It's no good now. Silently, I walk inside the room of the new resident of the women shelter. She has her back to me. Unaffected, I walk and sit on the couch kept in the room. Thanks to the government of the state, at least, places like these are maintained.
She turns to me. I see the coldness in that gaze. She has suffered so much. I shrug that aside. I just need the name of the person who did that to her.
 “I told you, I don’t want to talk to anyone,”
“I am not here to talk,” I sign, “I just need the name of the man,”
“Who are you?”
“No one you care about. Don’t waste time. Name, give me that,”
“Why do you care?”
“I don’t care about you. Only the fact doesn’t let me sleep at night that someone suffered and the criminal got out,”
“He’s a celebrity, a popular one,”
“Singer? Dancer? Actor?”
“None of it.”
“A minister?”
“No,” she walks to her almirah. Pulling it open, she takes out a box. Opening it, she takes out a couple of photos. Throwing them in my direction, she looks at me. The person staring at me from those photos…stops me in the middle of my next thought.
 
*****
 

The night is young. My mind is taking me back to the past as I look at the photo in my hand. Right after arson my parents’ and the house and getting bailed by the family lawyer, I was given under the care of missionary sisters’. Shanti women wellness and rehabilitation centre became my home.My life took the greatest turn when I made my first deal of assassination. Selling my home and giving the money to various charities was not a big deal. Since the day I changed, I knew it wasn’t just physical. My heart, mind and soul had changed too. I craved evil. I was addicted in a way to it like never before. There was a strange allure in those shadowed streets, in the nighttime when the world went to sleep. Many times, I almost got fascinated to jump from my balcony just to taste death. There was always this strange voice inside my head instigating me to do…off things.
It was one of those nights when sleep evaded my eyes. A twenty years old girl with no ambition or direction in her life and with too much adrenaline flowing in her veins became a hard thing for the society to control. The wardens’ and keepers’ of the centre knew me too well. They didn’t say anything to me. My money and darkness surrounding me were enough to keep them at bay. They were instructed to keep me in discipline and control but that was not the main problem.
 
They said my silence was the most perilous thing. Everyone was shocked that I have lost my voice. But inside, I was relieved. I didn’t have to answer anyone. That night, that condition became my greatest weapon because I didn’t shout when I saw that man in the street right below my balcony. The scream that echoed in the silence of the night was not mine. It belonged to him.
Because when I stabbed him deep in his gut and his blood splattered on my face, his face was contorted. I felt anger running in my veins. But the fury flowed like a frozen river. The girl lying next to him (the resident of my hostel) was crying and trying to cover her nudity. I took off my leather jacket and draped her shoulder with it. She didn’t look at me but kept crying.
 The man was one of the guards’ in our centre only. The news went viral. The abused girl was none other than Amrita (present-day, my best friend). The investigation went around. Police and others were all over the city for querying about the criminal. The victim was questioned too but she didn’t say a word. I remember her eyes. They were focused on me, while I stood near the other girls’ and she answered the police. But she didn’t forget to thank me after that (pampered me with her best oil massage).
And now this! I look at the face of the devil himself. The newly arrived business tycoon of the town. The new girl gave me this photo. She arrived last week only and is a little bit on the sensitive side. I feel the icy calmness surrounding me again. If what she says is true and he indeed has harmed her then…
 
*********
 
 








Present Day
Mansion on the Hill
Dehradun
 
Zeno
 
 ,“…And in today’s headlines…the series of murders doesn’t seem to stop.”  The anchor clears her throat, “ Near the old library road, Mr Mathew’s corpse was found.”
Putting the sound of the T.V on silent, I stare at the body on the screen. Another one of my workers met the creator today. I will have to reimburse his family tomorrow. Seriously, I hope that day should come for me too.  I don’t remember the last time when I slept. Sleep barely comes to me. I am sick of these humans and their lewd ways. All they want these days is money, power and women!
 
Women.
 
The main culprit of every evil and man’s weakness too. Why did God have to create her? What was the need? Couldn’t Adam be happy without her? I look at the one lying on the other couch, just inches away from me. I got her last night from the nearest bar. I bought her a drink and then…got her here where she is sleeping currently.It seems my sex drive has dived these days. Or maybe, it is because I lost my Rhea last year. She was my wife. The world doesn’t wait for anyone nor does time. I know and agree to it fully. Being the queen of Ekka, the water kingdom, it was a catastrophic event for all of us. People from all over had come for her funeral. Every eye cried and every sob darkened the atmosphere. Her charred face, open eyes and that little hint of a smile that she gave to me on her deathbed still roam on my mind’s frontier.
 
I remember people shaking me, forcing me to cry. I didn’t shed a single tear. I didn’t have anything inside me. I loved her a lot. It wasn’t that I didn’t, but the time for shedding tears was unlike me. I have never been the crying one. That is for cowards, losers and for those who don’t want to face life. I looked at everyone around me. These so-called well-wishers and admirers who were crying as if their very life depended on it, would not be there tomorrow when I would need them. I didn’t cry.There was no use. Rhea will remain my other half for always. Only her corporeal form has decayed and left the planet. Her soul is inside me. Let these fools cry. The flame of avenging my deceased queen still burns brightly inside me. I am not going to put it off with this weak saltwater in my eyes.
 
The city of Doon is bathed in the faint moonlight. Coming on to my balcony, I look around. No one understood the reason for her early demise. The weak humans’ had to be given a reason. So we called it heart failure. Of course, being the husband I know the real reason. But that is not meant for human ears.
 
*****
 



Hotel Aketa
Present Day
 
Eva
 
The asshole is an industrialist? No wonder. All of them have money flowing around them like wastewater. This hotel present in the poshest part of the city is overflowing from the blue blood people. My culprit of tonight is among them. The new girl of the hostel gave me a picture of him and I don’t need to go back to it to confirm his face.No one can forget that kind of face. Pure carnal, sensuous and every woman's fantasy! Metal grey eyes, a small deceiving smile on those lips as he tilts his head to the other side as if finding the talk amusing but I don’t go with the deceiving looks. Zeno Galen can be many things to the world but he can’t fool me.
It wasn’t hard for me to find him in the crowd of these so-called high society people. Well, handsome or not, I smirk behind my veil. Say goodbye to your near and dear ones, Mr Galen. With that thought, taking the flute in my hand, mixing the pill in it till the time the bar person is handling his shelf, arranging the glasses with the others; I take off towards that ‘blue-coat’ group.
I neglect the frantic beating of my heart. See, this is where the problem lies. When Emma (the abused girl) gave me the pic, the image of Zeno got pasted not just in my head but deep where it counts. It’s hard to think that someone so aged and wisely looking can rape a girl. He is what 55? Or maybe 70? True, he doesn’t look like it. Heavy plastic surgeries or maybe steroids?
Who cares?The girl sitting near him almost is my age. Heavy makeup, batting eyelashes and trying to gain his attention. Will she be the next victim?
“…will see to it. Oh!” the bulky man on the next seat looks at me, as I bend and keep the flutes on the table, “We’ll have drinks now,”
“Yes,” everyone agrees and takes the glasses. A shiver of awareness passes through me as I see the darkest hand in the group taking the flute meant for him. So many tattoos adorn that wrist. I know it’s him, my victim. That grating voice without any expression almost makes me stumble. I am covered from head to toe in an orange veil. It wasn’t hard for me to change in this service girls’ costume. The real owner of this dress is lying unconscious in the bathroom of the changing room.
Accidentally, the back of his hand brushes mine. I pull my back instantly and resist wiping it on my skirt. Bowing before all the people, keeping my eyes downcast, I turn back to my original spot.Time to leave! Once again, before leaving the room, I turn swiftly and look at the group. With waiting breath, I see him sipping the drink and nodding his approval for something.
Say hi to Hades from my side. One evil less in the world, the thought roams in my head.
 
******
 







Shanti Centre
Dehradun
 
Eva
 
“I got him,” I sign.The girl named Annie stalls in her action. Her spoon remains in the mid-air and she gives me that look.
“In another minute, we might get the news of his d-“ I break off as Amrita joins the table too.
“Not eating much tonight?” Amrita looks at Annie. Remembering her bite, Annie quickly stuffs her mouth and starts eating. I look sideways and hide my smile. Amrita is like a mother figure to both of us. Whatever she says, we follow.
“Baby,” she looks at me and smiles. I frown and sign “I’ve told you hundred times not to call me that,”
“ok baby, I won’t,” she smiles and gets serious, “What’s up? You stayed quite late at the shop today. I was getting worried,” Annie looks at me sideways and avoid looking at her. I am suddenly very interested in the green beans on my plate.
“Tomorrow it’s the gym day. Which means all of us are going to sweat,”
“Yes, but we do it every day,”
“But tomorrow all of us are doing it,” Amrita stops and looks at me, “that includes you too, Eve. Take off from your mechanic shop.”
Of course, no one in the centre knows about my real side. I’ve told them that I’m working in a local garage. Just to make it real, I go to Steve’s shop for the general repairing of the vehicles. I am mostly in the car and scooter-washing department.
“What’s in the news today?” Annie looks at Amrita.
“Nothing new. All the usual things. Weather and local petty thefts,”
“Hmm,” Annie frowns a little but quickly subdues it but not without looking at me first.
 
*****
Steve’s Mechanic Shop
Present Day
 
“I thought you are not going to turn up today,”
“I get bored in that centre Steve,” I sign and go back to scrubbing the seat of the car. Steve says something else about the oil getting over. I reply in affirmative. Inside, I am puzzled. Nothing came in the news today.
I was pretty sure that the news for the old billionaire getting murdered in the plain sight would be there. What went wrong?
“D,” Steve breaks my reverie. Turning to him and smudging my cheeks with the grease in the process, I raise my brows, “Just last night, after you left the shop, I had another vehicle. New Merc in the town!”Almost losing my balance, I get up and walk to Steve’s mentioned car. The car is a real beauty. The shining blue-green paint, the almost sinful structure and the regal appearance is quite an eye-catcher.
“Sexy, isn’t she?”I smile at Steve and nod my head. Mom and dad had one too. I gave away all the luxuries and comfort of a rich home to the charities present in the city. You might think, I am weird but I couldn’t bear any of those things in my life after their death. Each piece reminded me of their negligence, ignorance and disgust after the changing of my physical self.
“I guess the Galen guy is deep in green. I mean, I don’t remember seeing any of these…,”
I froze and go to him. Did he say, Galen?
“This one belongs to Zeno Galen?” I sign. Maybe, I am mistaken and heard it all wrong!
“Oh yes, his driver drove this up yesterday and dropped it here for the servicing. I must say that is one intimidating man,”
“You’ve met him?” my curiosity gets the better of me. Stay down, Eva! Curiosity killed the cat. It might do the same for you.
“I did. I am sure anyone who wants to rule in the field of automobile surely knows the king too,”
“What do you know about him?”
“Very less, but enough to know that he’s one man who might kill you easily without even letting you know about it,”
“He’s related to the underworld?”
“Maybe or maybe not. Wait!” he wipes his hand and looks at me, “Are you telling me you don’t know about him?” there is a terrified expression in his eyes as if I have committed the gravest mistake of the year.
“I have only been with you for two years, old man,” I sign, trying to show my sourness through my eyes.
He grins and winks at me. “Yes cher, I know,” gulping the water, he wipes his mouth and adds to it, “Il est un coup de cœur et un Putain de fils de pute aussi.”
“You know I don’t understand half of that alien language, Steve. Speak the human tongue,” I sign and make way to the toolbox.
 “He’s one heart-throb and a grim motherfucker,”
“Means?”
“Have you never seen him?”
“Once, on T.V.Never a close-up,”
“That explains the ignorance, girl.” he sighs and sits on the chair, “Galen Automobile is the rising star of the automobile industry, D. Very little is known about his background apart from the fact that he established the office here three months earlier, has an adopted son and remains solely to himself most of the times,”
“Adopted son?” I sign and muse over it. I was right. He is old. But damn, it never appeared to me that day when I accidentally touched… I shiver and turn my head.
“His wife died 20 years ago. Since then, he never remarried and was never even tagged with any other woman though the media has its way to tag anyone with anyone.”
“Are you telling me his sex life has stopped?” I sign and immediately regret it. I could be in trouble here.
“Men will be men, cher,” he looks at me with amusement, “I am certain he must be sleeping with some but, then again. Zeno Galen is a tough cookie. Many girls and ladies have accepted sleeping with him but who knows what the truth is?”
“So you believe in him and not the ladies?’”
“One can never tell with these blue-blooded people, D. Truth and lies are all mingled up in their world,”
“You want some coffee?” I offer and make my way to the kettle.
“Thanks, cher,” he smiles and sits on the rough chair of the shop.
“So?” I take a sip; keep the cup at my side and sign, “About his son?”
“He is like his father. Like Zeno, he doesn’t make much public appearance. I haven’t seen him. Galen’s are mysterious,”
“Has there been any report about either of them in the local police station?”
“For?”
“Anything. Molestation, embezzlement, abuse crimes like that,”
“Not that I know of. Zeno is kind of a saint billionaire,”
I smirk, shake my head and take off my cap. It’s hot suddenly. I can feel the sweat sliding down from my throat and going all the way inside my shirt. Inside, I am cold but this time the reason is different. I am enraged too. Zeno Galen committed a big mistake by getting on my wrong side. Rape is not a small crime and no man, saint billionaire or not, has the right to treat a girl in that manner. The only punishment in my book is death. Plain and simple!
Zeno Galen will die soon. It doesn’t matter that I was hyper-aware of him that following day in the hotel or that his nearness strangely melted me. My decision is made.
 
******
 
 The House on the Hill
Nighttime
 
Eva a.k.a Dagger
 
How should I proceed with this? Staring at the big mansion through the binoculars, I try to decipher the code of Galen’s security in my head. I know he is heavily guarded and has installed all kinds of advanced security measures inside his fortress. His mansion is nothing short of a castle and I am getting tangled up this side. Fortunately, standing in the canopy of the forest and all camouflaged by the ferns and trees, the guards of the highest balcony are unable to see me.
Stooping low and almost sprinting, I reach around the back wall and lookup. In the past, many times, I had to take this step to put the other persons’ endgame sooner than later. Crawling up the pipe and wishing not to be spotted by anyone, I make it to the window glass. Thank god I am bald and have no need to tie my hair or keep it locked up in a pin or band cage. Hair is a hindrance that no killer should have.I have never felt anything in the past while committing this kind of deeds. I hope I don’t feel it in the future too. Emotions have no place when you are about to steal someone’s life in a click. But today, I am nervous and scared.
Damn it!
I shouldn’t feel this way. Opening the glass inwardly and again thanking my lucky stars on the tasks’ accomplishment, I look inside. It’s the old man’s bedroom.
Thank you, god. Thank you for making it so easy for me. This was the cakewalk. But I was unable to ignore something. There was no alarm, no infrared or anything like it. I was expecting some watchdogs or some kind of high tech thing…
With a low but no noise thump, I jump inside the room. There’s no light in the room. Only the moon is the silent invader. Sighing, looking around and straightening, I…freeze.
Zeno Galen lies before me on his bed. Sound asleep. My eyes are devouring him like he’s the last meal on the supper table. I am unable to have enough of him. My heart is working almost in a sluggish space.
Long hair, hard body, arms and wrists covered with mysterious tattoos, hard features and a body for sinning! He sleeps nude. My mouth dries up and I am thankful for that little bed cloth lying over his waist. At least there is some amount of decency. He is some Greek statue brought to life maybe and it’s evident that he works out a lot. There’s no hair on any part of him. At least, I can’t see any of it.
Yes, he is a perfectly bad boy and girls might have been fawning over him but who gave him the right to rape? I am sure he could’ve gone to a brothel and found his relief but no, Mr. high and mighty took the path, which majorly any walking male with a working penis takes. With that thought, just like that, all my heated state vanishes. I am sure my damp panties are also slightly disgusting to my lower self. My aching nipples underneath the no-nonsense bra are also painful right now, but I’ll be damned before I give them any further satisfaction. Enough with ogling and to hell with my leery thoughts!
Taking the tranq out of my small bag and filling it up swiftly, I looked at him again. This will start the heart attack immediately. The old Galen should die a peaceful death. A natural, biological one though he hardly looks old. Those long lashes covering his eyes and those lips are almost contrary to an old age man. He certainly must be somewhere between 50-55 not much.
Walking stealthily to his side, I feel my hands shaking. Controlling them, my gaze automatically reaches out to him again. Why did you do that to Annie? Why couldn’t you take someone else for your thirst? Why that naïve human? I am divided here in half. The logical side commands me to go further with my plot. The person should not make anyone else his next prey.
Why didn’t he die that day? That was the strongest poison I had with me. But it didn’t seem to have taken its effect. Bending low, before injecting him, I stare at his face. But it’s his throat catching my eye.
It’s the beautiful tattoo of two huge waves interlocked together that amuses me. This close, I can smell him too. Ocean! He smells like the clean and an almost heady concoction of Ocean and desire together. The smell combined with the delicious heat emanated by him almost undoes me. Geez, Dagger! Have some control!
I almost let myself get close to him. He looks like a magnificent and raw male. A delicious shiver unfurls in my belly and shoots an arc of desire to my feminine core. I am sure I am yet again.I am not sure what’s stopping me from proceeding. There is this unknown voice in my head, which was never there before. It asks me to stop and think. What am I doing? How can I be so sure that it was him who raped Annie?
But she gave me the photo, I reply. How can she be mistaken? It was his pics only. Suddenly, he moves and lies on his back. The cover rides low and before I can cover my eyes, Zeno Galen lies in his birthday suit before me.I feel my hands shaking uncontrollably and almost dropping the syringe to the floor before I stable them. Oh, God! That’s a huge monument right there. All soft and lying on his stomach, but the blunt head is so much…wow!
 
No!
I can’t do this!
Can’t! can’t!
The voice in my head is shrieking in full-blown mode. I can’t bear the sight of this man. He is making me question my morals.I wince and notice a slight cut on my arm. I think I mistakenly slashed it. I turn to go and stop again. Let me just do it, my mind cries out again. I can’t leave a culprit just like this. For god sake, he is a rapist!Turning back, I see that face again. Why is this happening to me? Where is my resolve? Where is my strength? Why does the thought terrify me so much? This is so unlike me. This is a perfect moment. He is sleeping and at his most vulnerable form right now. Though what my eyes are seeing right now is different. I don’t see an old man but instead, I can see a warrior…his posture is so much of a king!
Nobody ages in this manner. He might be above 50 but…my eyes go back to his that part!
Keeping the syringe back in my pack, I shake my head and make my exit out of the window. Will have to make some other plan.
 
*****
 
Shanti Centre
Rajpur Road
Dehradun
 
“Where were you last night?” I look at Amrita and see her frowning as she wipes her eyes again.
“Sleeping,” I sign and focus extra on kneading the dough.
“Eva, don’t lie,” she disposes the onion skin in the dustbin and comes to my side. I don’t look at her.
“You know you will be sentenced to death if your crimes are revealed one day. Just because Annie and I don’t talk to you much about it, doesn’t mean we don’t notice,”
Thank god my hands are busy. Amrita doesn’t notice their shakiness. Neither does she see the cold sweat on my forehead or listen to the frantic heartbeat drumming inside my chest. I came so close last night to kill him and even then I couldn’t do it. I didn’t sleep even after coming back. Zeno Galen has turned out to be an exception and I am not able to comprehend the sense behind it.
“People know you as dagger, the righteous killer,” she murmurs slowly and softly. I still don’t look at her and start working extra strenuously on the dough.
“But I know that murdering them is not a justifiable act, Eva. When are you going to stop?” I hear the note of sadness in her voice. I can tell that she’s not sad for all those rascals and assholes. On the contrary, it’s me for whom she is moaning.
“You didn’t say that when I committed my first murder, Amrita. When I killed the guard, I sign and finally look at her. She stands still and no expression crosses her eyes. She is all but neutral.
“I am not saying that what you are doing is wrong.” she smiles a little, “All I am saying is that the rate of murderers is going high these days. Though I am not going to open my mouth ever, but even then, someday or the other you might get into trouble. How many have you done until now?”
 “Don’t know and don’t remember,”
“16,”
“Wow. You remember them all,”
“And even those for which you got paid,” she turns and turns on the knob, “Tell me something, do you ever regret doing any part of it?”
“No, why should I? They deserved it, every part of it. But don’t worry, I never kill without checking on their background,”
“That’s generous of you,” she smirks and makes me too. After a pause, we both erupt in laughter. But naturally, it is just her laugh resonating in the kitchen. As we get sober, she fires the old question again, “But tell me, where were you last night?”
“To deliver justice to Annie’s criminal,”
“Who was it?”
“Zeno Galen,”
The plate almost falls from her hand on the floor. Amrita controls the tumble but gives me the terrified look again.
“You mean ‘the Zeno Galen’?”
“There’s only one in the town, isn’t it?”
“Did you kill him?”
“No, I…” I leave it at that. I can’t accept the weakness before her. It’s too personal.
“Thank god,” sighing out loud, she keeps the salad plate at a side and drinks some water.
“That was a hell of a reaction, Amu,” I sign, “What’s up?”
“Are you sure it was Galen?” she gives me that shaken look again, “Did Annie tell you about him?”
“She gave me the pic,”
“That’s impossible. I can’t believe that,”
“You can ask Annie,”
“I don’t need to. I don’t distrust either of your words, but again, Zeno Galen?”
‘Why do you sound so horrified?”
“Because Galen is our institution’s biggest donor. Shanti Dhara Schools, Colleges and Vocational institutions get the highest donation from his firm every year. Even our rehab centre, where we all are living right now, gets the donation from him not just every year but every month,”That stalls me there for a minute. He’s a Samaritan? How shocking! But of course, that should not be a big surprise. All the ministers, industrialists and other celebrities do the same. They donate too. So does this mean that they stop the corruption of the society or even the one in their own heart? How many of them does it just to feel the satisfaction or worse, just to feel superior to everyone?
“I donated many things too,” I sign, “You never gave me those praises.” I scowl mockingly.
“That’s not the issue, E,” she wipes her hand, “The founder's day we are celebrating today and every other event that we celebrate, our biggest courtesy goes to him.” she turns to me and I can see the puzzlement on her face again, “I am still not convinced,”
“Annie won’t lie, Amu” I keep the question before her all the same.
“If what you say is true then I should tell you that he’s here today,”
Turning slowly and gulping down enough nervousness, I look at her, “Zeno Galen?”
 “He’s the chief guest for today’s Founder’s Day,” with that, she takes the salad tray and exits the kitchen.
 
****
 
Staring out from the corner of the kitchen’s door, I look at the garden and the people present there. My eyes automatically spot him. He’s there sitting next to the matron. Sister Sushma and he are engrossed in a deep conversation.
Though I know his effect on me, once again I am shocked at the dense feelings surfacing in my heart at his sight. I have this sudden urge to run across the garden and stab him in the chest or maybe…attach my mouth to his and drink him in through a kiss?
I shake my head and try to dispel these carnal thoughts aside. Every year our institution organizes this event to remember the contribution of the founder Late. Mr and Mrs Kala. They were recognised, social workers…
Currently, the young ones of the institution are presenting a performance on the theme ‘seasons’. I am not looking anywhere in particular but it’s one specific person trying to take over my attention without even trying. I still haven’t forgiven myself for sparing him that night.
I am not a virgin. Thank god for that! I lost my innocence medically, i.e., I went to a doctor and got my hymen removed on an operation table. Of course, being the way I am, i.e., charred, bald, mute and hardly recognizable as a human I knew that apart from a brothel site, I wouldn’t be able to ever get close to anyone. Men repulse me till date. I don’t like them and they share the same feeling.
Why am I getting so mushy inside all of a sudden?
He’s not the first and the only one I have seen till now. But then why does it feel like that to me?
Another chance! I am getting another chance to kill him maybe. The monster inside my head raises its head and smirks.
“Sister is calling you, E.” I see Shruti coming up the stairs with her wide smile. “Go and serve some ice tea,”
I sign and turn back to the kitchen. Time to acquaint me with Mr Galen. He needs to have a taste of his own medicine.
 
*****
 
The Garden Party/ Function
Lunch Time
 
“I hope you are enjoying the function,” the lady sitting at his side asks.
My breath leaves my lungs in a whoosh. I feel the impact of those eyes on me. Finally.
“Very much,” Zeno Galen replies with a slight smile and turns back to Sister’s side. Thankful to the wig I am wearing, I keep my eyes averted and focus on keeping the tray on the table. So he didn’t notice me? Didn’t even lookup? A sigh escapes my mouth along with a pang of disappointment striking my heart. Why didn’t he…?
 “Mr Galen,” Sister stops all of a sudden and looks at me, “I would like you to meet one of the oldest and sincerest residents of the Shanti residence. She’s Eva, Eva Fathom, daughter of…”
 “Mr Raghu Fathom,” he completes.
I look up to him and smile. It’s not hard for me to appear demure and subservient.
“Sit Eva.” Sister says, “She spends most of her time gardening and the kitchen. The girl doesn’t want to take any part in any activities but she’s sure acting as a mentor and guide to all the other girls.”
“That’s quite interesting,” is there a note of amusement there? Or is he looking forward to having the conversation with me?
“Why don’t you both converse with each other? Please excuse me,” Sister Sushma says and leaves.
 
****
 
“So you are Eva Fathom? I’ve heard a lot about you,”
I smile, purposefully pull some tendrils of my hair forward and start preparing the plate next to the tea.
“You don’t speak?”
I smile and shake my head. “But I can hear,” I sign. It’s easier to act for all poor handicapped girls who are surviving on his charity from so many years. But yes, tonight I’ll be doing a lot of research on this person.His phone rings and he puts it on silent before looking at me again. He has covered his eyes with shades. Call me a pervert, but there is something about those eyes that turns me on. I want to look at them right now.
“Eva,” he says and all of a sudden takes my hand in his, stalling me in my preparation. The sudden contact shocks me. I swear, I can feel the electricity with that mere touch.
“I am sorry,” he takes his hands away and looks at me. Absently, both of us wipe the contact on our pants before he smiles at me again. “I was going to say that you don’t need to do these formalities. I am totally fine,”
“The pleasure is all mine,” I sign and smile. Internally, I wince and feel a wanton reaction surfacing again. What is it with me? I swear every time Zeno Galen opens his mouth, smile or smirks I feel like a walking vagina.
“I am an expert hand reader too, you know,” he smiles. A pause and I feel his hard hands engulfing mine again, “Do you mind if I read yours too?”
“I don’t mind,” I sign and sit still.
 
***********
 
Lying in the bathtub, I am sure every part of mine is singing. This is very uncommon. I am aware of this silent awareness in every single pore of mine.
Zeno Galen and I had a very long conversation. While he looked at my hands and tried to decipher all the hidden secrets, I was just staring at him. He told me a lot of things, which were known to me already. Secretly, I was half drunk by that beautiful smell coming off him which was putting so many delicious ideas in my head. I was suddenly turned to a horny desperate teenager who imagines every other scenario with her crush.But, it was the frown meshing his eyebrows, which pulled my attention back to the present. He became silenced. He took off his shades, took my hands closer to his gaze and I almost stopped breathing. But before I could think of anything else, he left my hand and looked into my eyes.
Beautiful! His eyes can be defined in only those words. A girl can lose herself there and would never like to recover. There was a mystery, a secret that I wanted to know about. What was with this man? And why am I acting so weird around him? He opened his mouth to say something, but he’s damn phone interrupted us again. Now, here I am in this bathtub thinking over my next step. Amu and Annie have planned for a movie tomorrow meanwhile I am going in circles here. He is something else. It is better that I can’t speak or else I…
The idea for his punishment takes form in my mind at the same time. What is worse than death? What kills a person inside even though he is still living? What can make a person’s life a living hell?
Taking someone’s heart and tearing it into two brutal pieces! Till date, I have killed a lot of people physically and given them one easy release. How about changing my ways this time? If I can trap Zeno Galen under the pretence of false love and security and then leave him, will that do justice to Annie?
Or am I just finding stupid excuses to not to kill him?
 
********
 
Amar theatre
Connaught Place
 
“The movie was boring,” Annie cries out, “ Really Amu, out of all the good ones you got us here and for this shit?”
“You have no soul,” Amu looks at her and then me, “I got two of you out for a good time and you,” she points at me, “You slept in the middle of it, bitch! You people have no taste and…”
Amu’s voice fades away swiftly. I know she is talking but I am hardly paying any attention to her. My entire attention is taken up by a strange occurrence. At the opposite side of the road, I see a girl standing with a huge halo around her head. The light surrounds her from everywhere but the people around me look ignorant.
She is looking at me. Her lips are moving as if trying to call me. Her arm is raised towards me with her hands stretched in my direction. She seems like a part of me and I start walking to –
The sudden pull of a solid muscular hand around my wrist, the terrible sound of car collision and the continuous babble around me register after a while as I lie on the roadside. There’s a huge masculine figure on top of me and my waist is caged under steely arms.
“Eva!”
“Eva! Girl…”
“Eva, Eva, Eva are you listening…”
“Breathe now,” the sound near my ear, the soft breath brushing the side of my neck and that little sigh breaks my trance. Blinking once, twice I feel the weight easing off of me.
“Eva,” that voice again, “can you listen to me?”
 I want to reply but I don’t know what has come over me. My eyes are opened. I am sure my wig has come off my head too. My shades lie somewhere on the road. I feel someone picking me up in his or her arms. I know that voice.
“Ms Fathom? Eva?”
“I think she’s in shock,”
“Looks like it,”
“I’ll drop all three of you,” that voice says again, “It seems it’s going to rain soon,”
“No, Mr Galen,” I finally find my voice, “I am ok,”
 
********
 
Three of us sit in the cosy café with our very own cup of coffee sitting right before us. My saviour and rescuer is a part of our group too.
“Where were you three coming from?”
“Uh,” Amrita smiles, “We three had our girls outing today. We were coming from a movie,”
“Which one?”As Amrita keeps up with the conversation, I observe Annie. She’s looking all around the café and barely looks at him. What is she thinking? Is she planning on his murder too? Her criminal is sitting right before her after all. Amu is careful too. What if he comes to know? I can see Zeno frowning and looking at me in the middle of his conversation. He is not interested in talking to the two of them.
“Umm, Mr Galen. We really should go. The hostel will close soon,”
“Eva is still not well, I see,” he gives me another of those frowning glares, “ If both of you agree to it, I would like to take her to the clinic,”
“I am fine,”
“No, you’re not,” the hard authority in that voice and the almost anger in that gaze almost makes me off balance. He smiles at the other two girls and hides his gaze.
“Well, if you insist…?” Amu looks at me nervously and I feel Annie tightening her hands around mine before leaving it.
“Don’t worry,” he says, “I’ll call you and drop her safely back,” he smiles at Amu again, “Give me your number and you can have mine,”
“Ok,” I see Annie sighing a little and then both of them wave at me before exiting the café.
 
******
 
Shifting in his posture, keeping the pink notes on the table, Zeno gets up and looks at me.
“Can you walk?”
“I said I am fine. You didn’t have to do that,”
“Which means your head still hurts,” without paying attention to my moving hands, he bends low and lifts me in his arms. I keep up with my glare but can feel my entire self-heating as well.
Oh no, Mr Galen! You just didn’t do that! You just didn’t lift me in your arms before the entire restaurant! He might die just for this little act if not for anything!
 
*****
 
We’ve been driving for a long time and I can feel such strong vibes coming from Zeno’s side. Does he know? Is he suspicious about me already?
“How did this happen?”
I turn to him and find him looking at me sideways.
“What?”
“Your hair. Were you like this from birth?”
“No,” I sign, “I had an accident.” I stop there and resume signing, “Are we going to a clinic?”
“That depends on you,”
I frown and look at him. “Isn’t that where you are taking me right now? I thought we were…”
“If you require it…” he changes the lane and soon we are standing before the clinic.
Getting out of the car, I see him coming to my side and opening my door. He bends down again but I stop him with a glare, “Don’t give me that treatment. I can walk just alright, thank you very much,”
Even then, I feel his hands entwining around my small ones as we both climb up the stairs. The doctor looks at me and does all kinds of introspection. My eyes, ears, tongue and every other body part are given a check-up. A small bump around my nape gets me a frown from the physician. I am questioned about my periods, my baldhead and the charred scars of my face. My prayers are answered as he prescribes an ointment, gives both Zeno and me some instructions and let us go.
“And of course,” he says, “Some rest is required. You’ve hit your head so a concussion might be coming up,”
“Thank you, doctor,” Zeno shakes the hand offered and smiles, “We’ll see to it,”
Nodding, we take our leave from the clinic. Resuming our ride, the questions start flowing from his side again.
“What were you doing there back with your friends?”
I give him a puzzling look.
“I mean, you were running like someone in a trance. You didn’t even notice the car or me before I pulled you at the side!”
“I…,” I stop my hand there. What should I say? This is all so confusing. He has seen me in my real form. He already knows what an abomination I am in the name of feminity. What’s to say that he won’t take me like a senile person after my revelation?
“I…thought I saw someone,” I complete my sentence and look out of the window. That much is enough.
“Are you feeling alright now?” he asks.
“Yes, thank you,” I sign and keep my hands inside my pocket. We should be nearing the hostel I think. The rest of the way none of us talks. I can feel him rummaging inside his mind and I am doing the same. The bright lights of the hostel gate make me a deep breath. I wasn’t scared to be in his company but the feeling of uneasiness was not easing a bit either.
“Thank you for the lift and everything else,” I sign and turn to open the door.
“I have a feeling,” he says, “that we will meet soon. Again. Thank me properly then.”
I just stare at him then. My eyes bulge out as I see him coming to my side.
“Mr Galen I…”
“Zeno,” he says, “Call me just Zeno,” he sighs, frowns and looks down before looking up at me again, “I don’t know Eva but it seems rather strange that both of us are colliding again and again at one or the other turn.”
 “You…”
“I didn’t plan this,” he sighs and closes his eyes, “I didn’t want this night or ride to end tonight.”
He takes a step towards me and I move back. It’s a while before I notice that I am caged in the prison of his arms. My back is against the car and I am weirdly getting breathless. Somewhere a silent tattoo is beating in my chest and me…
“I just got lucky today,” he says softly. There’s a dark emotion in that gaze. His eyes are saying something else but his actions are the opposite. “You do something funny to my insides, Eva and I don’t like it.”
“It’s getting late,” I sign and go red with embarrassment. My hands are shaking so the sign is not coming out properly. “I should go,”
His breath is caressing my face. He is too near. I can make out that lost expression and that almost innocent look which he might have given to Annie the night he raped her. Before he can stain my lips with his, I pull my silent pistol and position it near his waist. If my lips could utter something, I could’ve easily said a beautiful dialogue
A smile with a sigh lifts his mouth. His dazed eyes are clear too. He looks at me and then at the weapon posed right in the centre of his abdomen. My gaze has turned hostile and I am tempted to press the trigger right at that moment. It would be so easy. Just one slight push and he will die!
“You can kill me right away but you won’t,”
I keep looking at him. With my hands engaged elsewhere, I can’t say my opinion.
“This is not the first chance but I know this won’t be the last either. I think this is what amuses me. If you think that I don’t know about you then you are wrong, Dagger!”
How does he…? I stand frozen before him. This man is dangerous.
“From your first kill of the hostel security guard to the latest manager of my firm, I know your list of murders goes a long way. You are like some robin hood, aren’t you? If I am not wrong then till date you’ve solely killed majorly the rapists, molesters and abusers?”
I do the only thing that comes in my mind. Pushing him back with the strong nudge of my pistol, I get out of his cage and start walking quickly back to the hostel. I don’t like to admit this but Zeno Galen has scored today.
 
***********
 
Running flat out on the hilly roads is something that soothes me a lot. My shoe crunch and the sweat sliding down my hoodie covered head is irritating as hell but not much than the thoughts swirling inside my head.
Morning time is the best time for me. I feel a sort of freedom when I see no one on the road. Last night was disturbing as hell. I am not scared of …
My mind comes to a halt. The scene before me is breathtaking. The deep gorge, trees surrounding it from everywhere, the flowing road twisting and turning like a snake and the beautiful Tons River flowing in all its beauty is just so wonderful. If only I was more of an artistic person, I would’ve taken a paintbrush, a pen or any instrument just to paint it, write a poem, song or story or just made some sort of music for this beautiful scene.
Gulping down some water down my throat, I slide my hoodie off my head. Walking for some mile, I soon come up to the end of the gorge and see huge boulders adorning the side of the river. My legs feel light and achy at the same time. I…
Splash!Splash!
Turning towards the sound, I see the silhouette of two figures under the surface of the water before they are completely devoured by the river. Strange! I stand up and look around. It might be some swimmer or the kids from the nearby town or village. They often come here at such an early hour to swim.
I feel like swimming too. The hot and humid air plus the suffocating weather is getting too heavy for me. I look around once more. Just to make sure that no one is around.
Going near the edge, I remove my hoodie and keep it on the side. My shirt and track pant follow the heap. No need to remove undergarments though, I am just fine this way. Dipping my feet a little bit in the water, I try to…
The person emerging out of the water makes me tongue-tied. No! God no! I take my foot back and turn back to…
“Well, well,” says the person, “Never expected to find you here, dagger!”
I turn back and look at him. Long hair touching the waist, the dark beard around his chiselled jaw, pant hugging his low waists like a lover and a body made out of the hardest rock of the Himalayas, Zeno Galen tends to keep giving me new surprises every day with his appearances.
His eyes have a haunted look but they are too blue today. Intense blue. I take a step back and frantically search my pants and hoodie pockets for the pistol. It should be somewhere here…
“Are you searching for this?” the weapon in his hand almost throws me off. Why is he after me? If he knows my entire history then, of course, he must be aware of the fact that I tried to kill him too. My entire inner self is blaring the alarm in the loudest sound ever heard.
Run! Run!And I break out in the run, running almost for my life. Suddenly, for the first time in my life, I am scared. Not from death but by something else engulfing me.
 
****
 
I hear the crunch of the leaves behind me and I know he’s following me. Zeno Galen has spared once. He’s not going to do that twice. I increase my speed. I’m not wearing much right now. Running in my undergarments with my sports bra and panties sticking more to my skin because of sweat sliding down my thighs.
“Dagger! Eva! Don’t run from me. Stop!”I ignore all his pleadings. I will be killed sooner then later if I didn’t-
The sudden falling of a hard body on top of mine throws me off balance. I feel choked and out of breath in a minute. I start fighting him.
“Don’t!” he says, “Don’t fight me. Damn you, Eva!”
Why am I mute? Why can’t I scream? If like Annie, he rapes me today, who will come for my rescue? I continue struggling. He turns me towards him and next second, I feel his hands around my throat. Not cutting the air exactly, but he’s making sure that I am paying attention.
“Stop fighting me,” the threat and the edge enter his voice, “Or I am going to kill you.”
I still then. Not because of his threat (I don’t give two shits if he kills me) but because I see that unnamed emotion reflected in those blue eyes too. He is puzzled like me and wants to fight and solve this emotion too.After a while, as we both regain our breath I notice something else too. There’s a strange spear tattoo inked on his arm. Not just one but both arms. Strange! I have it on my back too. I know I never inked it in my childhood but weirdly, after gaining my consciousness, that was the first thought in my mind.
“Nice boobs!”
I want to fucking kill this pervert right now! I feel the heat of my cheek and push him back. I don’t want his leery gaze on any part of mine. Amazingly, he loosens his grip at that little nudge and I sit up. Giving him a dagger filled look, I stand and start filling my pants and wearing my shirt again. Meanwhile, he sits on that forest floor with his eyes tracing all my actions. As if I am some sort of a pole-dancer or maybe a striptease!Making myself decent, I turn to him.
“Next time if you do that, I am not going to spare you too,” I sign and lean against the tree trunk. I am gaining some relief. Wonder how clothes make you confident in yourself again?
He smirks, frowns and shakes his head all at the same time.
“Sit,” he pats the ground but I remain standing. I need to have my wits around me. If he attacks me again, I need to be on my guard. I shake my head and sign, “ I am fine here. Say?”
“Sit Eva,” his voice has that undertone again. A pause later he shakes his head and sighs, “ I am not going to attack or bite. I just wanted to stop you that’s why…”
The ground is grassy enough. I sit at a distance from him and raise my chin. Better to be brave even if inside I am all gooey!
 
*****
 
“This has happened in a strange manner around us,” he says. “I never thought I would…would have this kind of feelings again,”
“How do you know my name?” I sign.
“You told me-“
“I never told you my other name. The name through which the criminal world knows me,”
“Oh!” he smirks and looks at me, “ So I was right. You are the famous dagger about whom everyone praises. I investigated your background. Very less was known about your criminal record apart from the documents of the juvie home,”
“Come to the point,” I cut him and give him my glare again. I look into my watch and wince. Steve is going to be angry. I’ll be late again.
“That’s the issue,” he smiles and frowns again, “I don’t have a point. This entire thing has no point. But the destiny is trying to make one and I don’t know what-“
“Stop throwing riddles,”
“I am making no sense,”
“No,”
“We are colliding frequently on some of the other corners every day, Eva. Don’t you think that’s strange?”
“It’s a small town.” I shrug, “Many people meet and greet every day.”
“But that’s what bugs me? Tell me something. Have I done anything wrong to you anytime? Directly or indirectly?”
“No,”
“Then why do you want to kill me?”
 
********
 
Things are jumbling up my mind in a race. How did he know my plan? Did someone tell him?
“Eva?”
I give him my heated look, then, “Who said anything about killing you?”
“No one has to,” his gaze doesn’t change, “But you want to kill me and I want to know why?”
“As if you don’t know-“
“Please enlighten me,”
“You raped Annie that’s why. Isn’t it obvious? But of course, you will tell me that you did no such thing. That she consented to the act, that she was being the bitch and wanted it all from you, isn’t it Mr Galen? So easy for you men to put everything on a woman's shoulder and get away with your crimes. 	     
“Now just wait there for a second young lady,” he raises his hand and stops my signing. My hand aches. I’ve never signed so much, “Annie who?”
“So typical, Galen,” I smirk, “The girl who was with me that day in the restaurant,”
“Describe her,”
“Black hair, a little bit on the shy side, was standing on my right side when you-“ I grow red and leave it there. I don’t want to repeat that night. I already feel so dirty by his touch.
“I remember her now,” but his frown is still there and shakes his head, “And I raped her? God help you woman but that’s the most offensive accusation I’ve heard against me. Raping? Me? A girl who is my daughter’s age? Have you lost it?”
“Don’t act so innocent now, jerk!” I sign.
“And that’s why you’ve been so distant at all our meetings till now?”
I sigh and look elsewhere. He has guts. This man is truly shameless.
“Eva, I would’ve slashed my wrist and beheaded myself before even touching a girl in that manner especially when she’s so young and almost looks at me like a father. Who told you this shit? Her?”
I roll my eyes and nod. The coldness hasn’t left me till now. I feel like ripping his tongue out of his mouth before he can utter another word.
“That’s strange,” he whispers. I can see his eyes all puzzled and his mind working on the situation.
“If you think by this pretence you’ll be able to escape the result, you’re wrong.” I sign and that catches his attention, “Whether you want it or not, I am going to expose you before everyone. I can kill you easily, that’s not an issue but then Annie will not get justice,”
“Eva, you need to listen to me. If I was the culprit, then till now-“ he stops there and looks at me again, “We are wasting our time in this talk. You are not going to believe me and I will remain the same in your eyes.”
 
*****
 
Days are passing in a daze. I don’t know whether I should believe Galen or not. Currently, I am working on another car, which has arrived in the garage.
“Hi, girl,”
I wave at Steve. For many days, I have been thinking of something. I want to leave the hostel and settle somewhere else.
The arrival of a vehicle in the garage catches me off guard. Turning my face towards it and veiling my eyes from the dark sun, I stand up. Steve goes towards the gate and opens it.
 Wow!
A Merc!
I sigh.
“Welcome sir,” I see Steve moving towards the door of the car with his hunched back. I’ve told that guy to give up his work schedule but he doesn’t listen. Rolling my eyes, I am about to turn – “Hello, Steve. How’s the day?”
“Very fine. What brings you here today?”
“This beauty has been in an accident. My father got badly injured in it. Thankfully he’s in the hospital and recovering but she has suffered,”
“Oh Jesus! Zeno Galen and injured?”
Clatter!
The screwdriver in my hand falls on the floor. Amazed, stunned and pale-faced, I turn back to the two men. Unable to control myself, I start walking towards the gate.
“When did it happen?”
“Oh! Yesterday. He was coming back from his usual bar. He might’ve been drunk but I am not sure. Doctors didn’t find any alcohol. But I have my doubts,”
The man has a clear accent. Dark glasses veil his eyes. He’s avoiding the sun too. But his hard jaw set off his mouth and that suit shrieking of money and power reflects his relation to Zeno Galen. Hang on! He said something previously. Is he his son?
I see both of them smiling and the man is about to leave. I almost ran towards him. I need to know more.
 
*****
 
Zeno
 
The place I’m in is too beautiful to be real. I am standing under the water again but she’s with me. This is why I know I am dreaming. Our beautiful mansion of Zanaria is almost covered with weed. The beautiful walls are stained with the greenery of
“You worry too much,” she’s playing with my hair as she did on our mating bed the night I made her mine.
I smile and clasp her hand firmly.
“Can’t you tell me?”
“Tell you what?”
“Who killed you? Who took away the skin?”
 “So you know that my skin was taken? I thought no one would ever know.” she leaves my hand and sighs, “Honestly I don’t know and even if I did, I don’t think so there would have been any use of our going after the person. It could be any human too,”
I look into her eyes and suddenly see blood streaming out from the corner of her mouth.
“Rhea!”
“You need to wake up,” her voice comes all muddled up, “Get up Zeno. Get up,”
I feel the mansion of Ekka crumbling around me. The water is going crazy. Huge tides are breaking against the walls of the castle.
“Rhea!” I shout and feel the water filling my lungs. I am shaking all over. A distant voice shouts, “Doctor! He’s going overboard,”
 I open my eyes and feel my pupils’ dilating. Immediately, the shaking dies down. A human doctor stands beside me. I breathe deeply and turn to him, “What happened? Why am I here?”
 
******
 
The Doon Hospital
 Zeno. 

“How are you feeling?”
I look at him and smile a little. His features are scrunched up. Mouth set in a grim like shape and eyes scrutinizing me from top to toe. Barak is my and Rhea’s adopted son. Through and through, back when we were convinced that we might never have a child of our own, Barak’s adoption came as a blessing.
“I’m fine,” a pause, “Was it bad? The injuries I mean?”
“You had a huge gash in the middle of your abdomen,” Barak looks at me and clasps my hand,
“I got so scared. I thought after mum, I would…” he looks down and sniffs.
I smile. He has always been a little bit on the emotional side. Though life has treated both of us like a bitch, I feel I can’t face him right now. I understand what Barak must’ve suffered when…
I sigh and look at the other side. They say two people sailing on the same boat of suffering is a boon and a curse both. My-
“What is she doing here?”
Barak looks at me through red eyes and turns towards the other side of the bed.
“She saved your life, my liege! The Kingdom of Ekka and the great spirit of Rhea and our ancestors will ever be grateful to her,”
“Saved my life?” I scrunch my brows again, “Eva Fathom? That’s hard to digest,”
“It was her blood that’s transfused in your system,”
I freeze and look at the girl lying on the bed. Covered with a blanket, a little hint of hospital Johnny visible from my angel and her head turned towards me with eyes closed, I am gripped with an unknown emotion in my chest.
 
*********
 
The night is surrounding the place. I can hear the faint tick-tock of the clock somewhere. But there’s no sleep in my eyes. My mind is focused on the girl still lying on the side bed.
Getting up from my bed, making sure that there’s no disturbance, I pad across her bed. I know I am in a worse condition. If the doctor or nurse caught me like this, they won’t be happy. The problem is, King Zenovil Alessandro Galen of Ekka has been receiving surprises day after day and it’s all because of this one girl.
Since the day, she’s entered my life; I know my life has turned upside down. The king of the now-extinct merpeople tribe can’t be hurt by a mere idiotic human activity like a car accident.
I need to know what-
She murmurs something and turns her head towards me. Is she ok? How much blood has she lost? Why did she do it when it was-
“You’re awake?”
The opening of her eyes and that faint recognition in them makes me catch my breath.
 “I don’t know what I should do with you, Eva. There are moments when I’ve hated you and then there are moments like these. Tell me what is it you want? My death or life?”
She’s puzzled and gives me a frown. She can’t move her hands to sign so I will have to suffice by reading her body language.
“Ok, I won’t beat around the bush with you. You were the one behind the wheel of the car that hit me. Why did you do it? What wrong have I done with you? I’ve told you a million times about Anne. I didn’t rape her. It wasn’t me. If you want, I can even talk to her and…”
She’s shaking her head. I roll my eyes.
“I am not in the mood to play twenty games, Eva. You can confess your crimes before me. I am not going to tell anything to the police. Even if I did, you know it as well as I that you’ve never been caught for any crime. All those murders and assassinations that you’ve done in all this while have never been investigated. I know you’ve killed criminals and not real innocent people but I want to know your problem. You try to kill me in one moment and another, you save my life by giving your blood, what is it that you’re trying to do?”
 
*********
 
Eva
 
I am not able to make sense. He’s going totally off track and I am getting puzzled by the minute. I shake my head and want to yell on him. Seeing me, he stops. I want to make him understand but the IV sticking out of my hand is a hindrance. I proceed to take it out but he stops me.
“You need it. Don’t take it out,”
I didn’t do it. I didn’t do it. I wasn’t…
“I knew you’d say something like that. Look, I am tired, hurt and don’t feel like myself. Let’s get over with this pretence.”
I didn’t do any of it. I swear. I got to know about your accident and came here when your son came to Steve’s to give your car for service…
That stops him. The entire signing exercise is painful but it’s ok. Till the time, I can convince him I don’t care about it. He’s motionless and is giving me a weird look. For the first time, I don’t want him to look at me. I want to look somewhere else but his eyes have captured me.
“Had I raped her, trust me, Anne would’ve been dead till now. I wouldn’t have left any signs. I get it she’s your friend and you are worried about her but I am not the criminal here. Moreover, she’s my daughter’s age. I am not any sick weirdo who likes the girls to call him daddy!”
I am still shaking my head but he stills me.
“Stop it. Just don’t move. You are going to make yourself sick. I just want to know what your problem is? Don’t deny it because I won’t believe it. I saw you behind the car’s wheel before you hit me. What surprises me is how did you do it? I can’t be hurt by any normal human-“
He shuts up there suddenly and looks around him. The room is dark and I can see nothing apart from his face ‘cause of the moonlight.
Normal Human?
What!
He’s not human?
I heard him wrong. Maybe, it’s the medicines having their effect.
 How can I be behind the car’s wheel? I don’t even know when that accident happened with you. What are you saying? Your son, Barak, told me that you are severely injured. I asked him to take me to the hospital. After coming here, I was informed that you need a blood transfusion or your recovery will be difficult. I don’t know what came over me. I asked them to take mine. Why would I save your life if my sole purpose is to kill you?
Both of us look at each other. I don’t know who confuses him or me? How can I be at two places all at once?
“It all makes sense,”
I frown.
“Just like someone raped Anne and inserted me in the picture, somebody tried to kill me and put you in the picture. The question is who,”
I shut my eyes and sigh. The blood exchange has sucked me dry physically. Though the hospital has given me supplements to reduce the weakness, my body is crying out for some more rest. Maybe he’ll take the hint and go back to his bed too.
Go to your bed. You need to rest.
I sign with my eyes close. Hostellers know about me. Anne and Amrita came this morning to see me while Zeno was unconscious. His name sounds delicious in my thoughts too.
If only, I could speak…
I open my eyes for some water and-
He’s still there beside me.
You need to rest. Go to your bed. I’m serious.
His face is close to me. Too close. My brain is shut and my thoughts are numb. Those eyes are so deep. I fear getting lost in them for eternity.
“You know this shouldn’t happen between us right?”
I nod a little or was that my imagination too?
“You know I have a son who is more suited to your age? That I am a widower still mourning for my beautiful queen?”
My mouth goes dry and my lips part for taking some air in.
“We both are going to hell,”
That said, he frames my head in his palms and takes my mouth tenderly under his own.
 
*****
 
I don’t know about other girls but I am surely not on the shy side. As his tongue open mine for further exploration, I register three things in my mind.
Zeno Galen is a dark wine, which gets better by age. I am sure his wife must have been extremely satisfied with him.There’s a part of me, which is thirsty and hungry for more of him though I am his daughter’s age.
There’s someone out there who wants him dead and has somehow mixed me in this entire situation.
He sucks my tongue a little and I moan. He tilts his head on the other side and I feel his calloused hands on my head devoid of any hair. I want to hang on to his shoulder but the IV makes me wince.
Connard!
 Steve’s French is having its effect on me. He leaves me and I feel his breath on my face. We look at each other again.
“Ti prépei na káno mazí sou, to páthos mou?”
What? What was that?
“I said, what should I do with you, my passion?” he shakes his head and gloom is reflected in that gaze, “I shouldn’t have done that. Sleep now. We’ll talk tomorrow. Thank you for saving my life,”
 
**********
 
It was hard for me to leave the hostel but I know, it is the right time to shift. I have got this place at Steve’s house. He has a big place. I have made the deal of paying him monthly rent. At first, he just waved it in the air by saying that he needs someone to be there by his side and money was not needed. I was not about to listen. I dropped the money on his table.
Amrita and Anne are not happy with my decision as well. Just last night they talked to me about changing it. I shake my head. Better to forget everything now. I need to make certain decisions about my future too. What do I want to do?
Till how long will I be able to continue as a mechanic? I joined here because I didn’t have anything else to do. I can’t keep killing people for the rest of my life (unless the circumstances demand me to).
But there’s a thing, which is not leaving me. Who raped Annie if Zeno didn’t do it? I tried to convince myself back in the hospital that he was lying but…things changed (Did the kiss change it?)
Dieu!
That kiss!
That kiss made me feel like a woman for that moment. Sometimes I forget that I am one because apart from getting those awful periods and feeling horny I don’t think I have any other feminine trait.
 
****
 
I am driving to Zeno Galen’s mansion with his repaired car. It is a sleek beauty. From the interiors to its exterior, it is pure magic. Soon I reach before the gate of the mansion. Showing my face before the camera, the gate opens with an electronic voice saying welcome.
Blue blood people and their world!
I notice various statues of marine life adorning the big garden of the billionaire. Wow! It appears quite majestic.
Stopping the car before the large door of the mansion, I get out and wait. The security has checked me from head to toe even though I’ve told them my purpose for the visit. There is a serene silence enveloping this place. Though a mansion, I almost feel as if I am visiting a cathedral or an ancient temple.
“Please wait,” says the man with the shades. I nod and look around. And just like that, I see that statue in the middle of the lawn. All the sides cover it with sprinkles of the fountain. I start walking towards the statue. It’s beckoning me to its side. Soon, I stand before the glorious statue of a mermaid!
 She is beautiful. Though painted white, the wet long tail of the statue is within my reach. I am dumbfounded. She is too beautiful to resist. I touch the tail and almost feel an electric current passing amid us both. Her long locks falling till her waist are the source of my envy. Those sultry eyes are a plain come on for any man and that face of a goddess can make any man go weak in his knees.
No wonder they were the ultra-seductive creatures of their era. Those eyes are sinful and I haven’t even noticed her bare waist or the shape of her breasts. I don’t need to. Don’t people notice it?
How I wish if I too…?
What?
What do I wish?
To be like her?
Really?
A drowned rat like me who is like a broomstick, black like the murkiest depths of the hells and doesn’t have a single hair on my head wants to be like these beautiful creatures? I am a human whereas she is a mythical goddess.
Coldness seeps in my bones and I turn away. I want to get away from…
Eva
I stop and turn back to the statue. What? Did the mighty lady call me? It struck me then as I look at her again. I’ve seen her before. I’ve certainly seen her somewhere.
That night, during the night out with Amu and Annie, she was the one standing on the road divider of the road. She was smiling and her hand was raised towards me. I remember these eyes. This hair was flowing with the flow of the air. She was calling me and I didn’t see the car coming straight at me…
Of course! 
I remember her.
The reminiscence of my brain gives me a jolt throughout. I should go. The place feels dangerous to me all of a sudden. I –
“Oops! Be careful,”
The hand steadying and straightening me has a tattoo of a weapon! A trident! I look up and try to shield my eyes. The sun is too bright. I am unable to see and blink.
“Are you ok?” the person shifts me to the shade.
“Umm…,”
I saw that woman that day. Her statue is here in his garden. What’s going on? Is someone playing with me?
“Ms Fathom? Eva?”
I nod and look up again.
oh!
It’s his son.
“Hello, Mr Galen,”
“Barak please,” he smiles, “What a pleasant surprise though. I was about to come to your hostel only. I want-,” he stops there and slaps his head’s back, “Damn, where are my manners? You are standing here and I haven’t even offered you something. Please come inside. Dad will be happy to meet you too,”
 Want to bet? That sinful rascal is going to make me speechless. As if it is not enough that I am naturally mute. He makes me feel stupid, that dad of yours. Since the day he kissed me, I have been like a mare in heats for him.
I don’t say these thoughts aloud to him. Instead, I sign,
No, it’s ok. Please don’t take any stress for me. I have come here to return his car. I am the only delivery person, I am afraid! Steve needs me for more repair work. On the other hand, now that I’ve met you, I think you can give his keys back.
I take out the keys and give them to him.
“I am not listening to you girl. You’ve come to our house for the first time. It’s going to look very awkward if I send you back without nourishing you first with some food and wine. It looks like it’s going to rain soon. It’s not wise for you to go back in such a condition,”
No, I-
“Barak! Who’s there?”
And here comes the stallion!
 
****
 
Zeno’s Mansion
Nighttime
 
I am lying in the guest room’s bed. Zeno was not very comfortable with my arrival. That was obvious during the tea talk. Barak, after leading me to the sitting room, went to attend a phone call. Zeno meanwhile looked out of words. I knew I shouldn’t start it there but I couldn’t stop myself.
She’s beautiful.
He gave me a puzzled look. I signed towards the lawn side again.
The mermaid amid that fountain? She’s beautiful.
He didn’t say anything. He didn’t look happy by my arrival. Perhaps I disturbed him. I was shown into the guest suite for my stay of the night. Barak was persistent and I couldn’t say no. Of course, senior Galen was a different thing.
Now, it’s nighttime. I am lying on this bed and staring at the ceiling. It’s amazing how I didn’t see him in all these two weeks.
Has it been two weeks since that kiss…?
I turn my side and sigh.
Dieu!
That kiss!
It refuses to leave my mind.
It was momentary. Of course, after that day in the hospital, when I came back to the hostel, I felt the change in me. As if along with the transfusion, I’ve equally left my heart, soul and mind in Zeno’s veins…
Bang!
The door of the room flies open with a bang. Alarmed, I turn and sit on the bed and clutch the bedclothes tightly to my chest.
The occupant of my thoughts stands there on the entrance.
 Wearing his bathrobe, long hair open, even in this darkness I know he is looking at me. I can’t take my eyes off the door too.
Coming inside and closing the door in his wake, I see him halting in his pace just before he sits on the bed.
Thank god I am bald.  The skin of my scalp and nape feels the sliding sweat going down my back. It’s cold outside but inside’s story is different.
“I couldn’t sleep,”
I shift a little bit and he sits near my feet.
“Switch on the light,”
I switch on the lamp.
Oh, God!
The sight shocks me. Zeno looks withered. There are dark circles under his eyes. He looks tired.
Are you ok?
“Do I look like I am?”
Why are you here? 
“I am asking myself the same question. But I guess, you know the answer to it already,”
He is talking in riddles but I am putting all the pieces of the puzzle together effortlessly.
“Did you find Annie’s criminal?”
I shake my head.
“Can you loosen that bed cloth off your chest? I know you are not wearing anything under that. You sleep naked like me,”
My mouth dries up. My eyes are glued to his. I am short of breath all of a sudden.
And why would I do that?
Den to káno sostá. Ta vromízo óla, to páthos mou.
English, please? I don’t understand your language.
He sits there for a minute but rises in the next. Shifting to an almost touching distance, he gives me that glare again.
“You know why I am here but even then you want to play 20 questions?”
Do you want to bed me?
He keeps looking at me.
Why? Why me? Just because I am in your residence?
“You know that’s not true.” a pause, “I’ve been dreaming fantasizing about you for a long time now. I don’t know why but-“
I raise my brows.
He stands up, loosens his robe and lets it fall to the floor.
Ô Jésus et Marie
The true male beauty. He puts all the heroes and wrestlers to shame. His manhood stands erect and in perfect synchronization with his proud head. Both of them are shameless.
“You liked it?” he grins. Quite proud of his tool. It’s more than a tool though. It’s beautiful like him.
“It’s impressive,” I point towards his manhood. His stare is almost making me go weak in the knees. I remove the blanket from me and let him see the abominable creature that I am. I don’t know where my resolve has gone. I should’ve let the man go back to his room.
No, I didn’t do anything. 
I am still sitting there, with my head turned sideways. I don’t want to see the hate and disgust on that face. He’s going to be put off in a minute now. Such ugly, dark skin and all those marks… I close my eyes.
I don’t see but I feel a slight pressure on my chin.
“koíta me, to páthos mou. Eíste ftiagménoi gia tin efcharístisi enós ándra.”
I open my eyes and immediately, he covers my mouth with his own. The sweet pressure robs me of breath. I open my mouth under his and swoops inside with that wicked tongue of his own. I lost my innocence a long time back. Thank god for that or else he will consider me a novice.
“You know the rules right?” he whispers next to my mouth. I open my eyes and look at him.
“That this is strictly personal?”
I nod. My eyes are still glued to his.
“That I am a widower? That I shouldn’t do anything of this sort but doing it anyway because I am going to hell?”
I frown at that and cup his face.
You are telling this to me or yourself?
“Maybe both,” he shakes his head. A sad light enters his eyes. His eyes dilate suddenly. Dipping forward, he inhales my shoulder. I close my eyes and hold his head there. His teeth grate my skin there and I shiver. There was something I want to ask-
“Umm,” I push him slightly. He looks at me. “What did you say previously? That Greek that you speak?”
“look at me, my passion. You are made for a man's pleasure,” he whispers and bites my lobe.
Do you mean that?
“You doubt it,”
“I mean I am-” I stop signing and see him smiling.
“We are wasting our time,” he lays me on the bed saying that.

******

Kissing me behind the ear, his mouth trails kisses down my neck. Meanwhile, his hands are busy spanning my waist and his legs open mine.
“I never thought that baldness can be so sexy,” he laves my nipple with his tongue, “ I am honestly intrigued, Eva.”
I bite my lips and try not to lose control. It’s bad enough that he couldn’t find a whore for the night and had to suffice with me-
“Where did you go in that head of yours, my passion,”
I tremble as his tongue explores my navel and let out a silent scream as he bites my waist. Thank god I am mute!
“Moró” he whispers and trails his fingers from my lips to my throat, down the valley between my breasts, “I am going to eat you tonight,”

*****

He lies in the snuggle of my arms, content and tired. That strong smell of his, strong and addictive at the same time, engulfs me from head to toe. There is a stupid smile on my lips. Soreness, tiredness and all kinds of lovely aches are there in my body. Some of them even in the parts where he banged me so many times.
I am tempted to wake him up with a kiss but I don’t do so. I never thought that a day will come when I would feel this way. No, not that cloying loving shit!
Dieu merci pour ça
But there’s something different. Maybe it’s sex! Yes, definitely!
“Want a repeat?” his sluggish voice makes my lip tilt sideways and I look at him.
You awake so early?
“Didn’t sleep much. Thanks to you. Wow!” he gets up on his forearms and sighs, “I never thought you smile too. Glad to know you are human,”
I burst in fits of giggles and his eyes warm up.
“How did this happen?”
I look at him and go red. He is looking at my breasts again. They are aroused by that mere look and I try to cover myself.
“Don’t, I like to look at them,” he pulls the blanket down and I blush again. This man is making me question my very sanity. 
How did what happen?
“Your hair, your body, these marks and the charred scars, such dark burned skin! Even your face’s skin is dark but something tells me you were not like this.” he trails his finger around one globe and I inhale a huge amount.
If you kept doing that, I’m going to be wet again.
“Start speaking korítsi”
What’s the meaning of that?
“It means girl. Start speaking. Don’t dodge the question.”
When I was in school, our class went on a trip near that Doon Zoo. There’s an old lake there and we were told not to go there. I have been a rebel and a hell-raiser both. Rules never sat well with me. Hiding from everyone, I approached the lake. It was so shiny and beautiful.
I look at him. His eyes are looking at me but his brain is entirely somewhere else. I stop then. Maybe the story is making him uncomfortable.
“Then?”
We call that place the old Ekka lake!
He stiffens and I stop but motions his fingers in the ‘keep talking’ sign.
All of a sudden, I saw a shiny thing floating on top of the surface. It was glittering in the sunshine. I couldn’t control my excitement. I took a thin stick and extended it towards that shiny coat. It was easy for me. When I touched it, it felt so soft, slimy and just out of this world fabric. I swear I had never seen anything like it before. You know how you see that snakeskin on Discovery? It was like that...
He is so close. I see his eyes and nothing else.
What is it?
“And then?” he takes my nipple in between his fingers and starts playing with it. I sigh and try to concentrate.
I can’t. You are distracting me.
“Focus Dagger!” he whispers, goes down and takes it in his mouth. I sigh again and he leaves it with a grin.
And that’s it. I was very excited. But as soon as I touched it, white light exploded behind my eyes. And-A pause. I am unable to go forward. What else should I tell him?
I woke up three weeks later in hospital. My world had been turned upside down. My voice was lost. My face and the entire body was charred and burnt beyond recognition. My parents didn’t recognize me at first. I was scared.  When I looked at myself in the mirror, I screamed. I was bald totally. It was a haunting sight.
“Stop hating yourself so much,” he whispers and places a kiss right on my forehead. “And how did you become a killer? Why did you even become one?”
You’ve researched me a lot, Mr Galen.
“Answer me,”
My demons are shrieking inside me every day, Z. I am evil through and through. There was a party that day in my parents home.
“That you burned?”
“That I burned. I didn’t want to. But there was an itch inside me to destroy everything warm, gold and glittery that night. I was so tired of the fake world that my parents had created. They were so full of themselves. Till the time I was their trophy child, my marks and grades were good and I was filling the house shelves with new rewards and accolades each day, I was their truest child. I never thought that my destroyed physical self will become such a major thing for them. Since the day I returned from the hospital, I was abandoned by them. They no longer included me in their social gatherings. I was like a walking curse for them. I was an abomination in the name of femininity-”
I get up and cover myself entirely. It feels a weakness on my part that I am revealing all these things before him and-
“You should know,” he whispers and I feel him straightening as well, “I am not going to tell anyone about us,”
I trust you. But ( shake my head) I don’t know how I should proceed. I became bald and that added another cherry on the cake. As if it wasn’t enough that I lost my voice or that there were numerous charred and burnt marks on my body...it shouldn’t have mattered for them. They were my parents. They should’ve acknowledged me just the way I am. I was their only baby girl.
“So you burnt the house on that day?”
(nod my head) I did. I wasn’t too happy about it, but soon I heard the scream and cries in the darkness of that night, I remember I was smiling. I felt such freedom. All this time, it’d been just my parents whose judgement and opinion mattered the most. But after that night, I felt light-hearted. There was no one whose opinions I should fear.
“You don’t miss them?”
Surprisingly, no! I don’t. They were too shallow. I realised this way before my mysterious accident, but when the reality hit me, I was stunned.
“That thing you got on that lake’s side that following day? Do you still have it with you?” 
I frown.
I don’t remember it. But I think I have it with me. It must be somewhere around my trunk-
“Trunk? You don’t have a cupboard?”
Not in Steve’s place, I don“What the hell is your trunk doing there?”
I live there.
“Hang on! Don’t you live in the hostel anymore?”
No! Oh, wait! Of Course, I didn’t tell you any of it. I left the hostel two weeks ago.
“And your friends are ok with it?” he frowns and absent-mindedly takes my hand in his, “You shouldn’t have left the hostel, thee mou.”
We remain silent for a while. I want to observe this moment between both of us. He hasn’t told me anything about himself and that bugs me.
Tell me something about yourself. Your likes, life history, dislikes, secret desires and wishes. 
His body gets rigid all of a sudden. I turn his face and implore him with my eyes.
Whatever it is, please know that I will not tell it to anyone. I know you didn’t rape Annie. After the hospital incident, I don’t know what it was that convinced me but I believe it. I asked Annie once again and she got confused. I asked her to show me the pictures of the man. When I saw it again, the man’s face was blurred. It was weird. As if, something or someone was trying hard to confuse me.
He nods and I don’t think he’s going to say anything. He’s tracing lines on my palm. His head is bent. 
“What do you want to know?”
Everything.
“But you will have to promise something. After listening to everything, you will not reveal anything of it to anyone. As a king, it’s bad I am breaking the rules myself,” a pause, “And please, no interruption in the middle of it too. Keep those pretty lips sealed.”
I nod and he continues drawing patterns on my palm.

******

“I am King Zeno of ancient Assyria, son of Triton, grandson of Poseidon and Amphitrite. My kingdom lies in the underworld of Ekka, the place where that lake lies-”
He scrambles away from the bed and goes to the window. Cold inside and outside, clutching the bedclothes to my chest, I walk up to him.
“I have spent 300 years underneath the water. I have caused storms, mislead the sailors and their compass. Like my friends, I have lured many of them with my voice but never caused any harm. I have long hair, a tattoo of a trident near my shoulder just like Barak. In short, I am a merman.”
I stand very still behind him. Puff of breath leaves my mouth. Zeno turns towards me. He takes my hand in his again and leads me to the couch in the room.
“Sit,” he says, “The story is quite long and complicated. You need your wits for it.”
He lights up the fire in the hearth. Closing the window, he takes out his phone. Dialling a number on it, he says, “Two teas, please. Bring some snacks along with it,”

******
“We were very young when Rhea and I met. She was fresh out of her transition. She was the most beautiful girl I’ve ever seen. The mermaid that you saw out there near the fountain, surrounded by the sprinklers that’s her.”
He sips his brew and continues, while I am transfixed by his story.
“I was the luckiest man whom she said yes to. I thought she’s going to pierce my heart when I proposed but (laughs) thankfully, that didn’t happen.  I loved her so much. She was my life and everything good that I’d ever achieved. For 100 years or so, after our marriage, we were happy.”
A pause and he takes another sip.

“But soon, the demise of my father left us in mourning. Mom died a long time when I was a child, but dad’s death left a big hole in our hearts. Soon, I was crowned. But a bigger hassle surfaced. The castle of Zanaria demanded an heir to the throne too. People had high expectations from the new king and queen. How could we have made people understand that we were trying hard?”
Keep going
He chuckles.
“Are you getting bored?”
I shake my head.
Just want to know more.
“Two months passed and nothing happened. Things were looking stressful for both of us. I knew none of us was at fault. It was during that time we left our underwater kingdom and came here. Following us, people of the tribe did the same. They came on human land. I constructed this mansion then and a young man entered our lives. He was an orphan. No one knew whose child he was, but Barak came as a strong light of hope in our lives. Someone left him on our door.  As soon as he was of the age, I gave him the title of the heir. Though trying, I think somewhere Rhea knew that things won’t remain the same.”
He looks at me, trying to gauge my reaction. I give him that look back. 
“All of a sudden, the sun of Ekka rose with vigour. Rhea turned up pregnant,”
I smile a little but my heart tells me this is just the beginning of the end.
“I remember celebrating with her the entire day. Where I slept with you, this was the room where I made love to her for the last time.”
How did she die?
He closes his eyes, tilts his head back to get the support of the couch for his head.
“It’s a ritual in my tribe. Every full moon night, my people, Rhea and I would visit the lake of Ekka for shedding our skins and getting the new ones. Our books say-”
He stops, smiles and looks at me.
“Do you want to go for a midnight drive with me?”
Right now? Don’t you think it’s too late? It’s freezing outside.
“Scared?”
No! Just being cautious.
“Nothing will happen. I’ll show you the castle of my kingdom. Want to see it?”
His offer is tempting. I look outside and the night’s darkness is all I see.
Is it wise? I mean won’t we catch flu.
“Don’t act like a granny. C’mon, let’s go,”

******

It feels so strange. Coming right back to the place where my life changed drastically with a person who-
That reminds me!
You didn’t complete the story?
“I shall do it soon, but before its completion, I want to show you my castle. The ending of the story has a great relation to it,”
Won’t I die? I mean, what with being under the water for such a long time? I won’t be able to breathe.
“You have my blood and I have yours, do you remember? Transfusion?”
“What’s that got to do with breathing underwater?”
“My blood has strengthened you. It connects us both. It’s like an integral chip in our systems. I will always know where you are, what you are feeling and your moods through it,”
That’s fascinating. So I won’t need any special accessories to help me underwater?
“None,”
We are standing near the side of the lake of Ekka. Zeno is an expert driver. Throughout the way, we didn’t talk because I will have to use my hands and he would have to look my way to understand. I am curious and eager to visit his kingdom. His tale has intrigued me.
We stand naked on the side of the lake. Zeno gives me a head to toe appraisal and I try not to blush.
“Someday I would like to fuck you here, near this lake,”
A sadness enters his eyes as soon as those words leave his mouth. I frown and try to sign but a shiver runs down my spine when he takes my hand in his.
“Close your eyes and fill your mouth with air. When I’ll take your shoulder inside the water, open your eyes and release the air from your mouth.”
I nod and look forward.
“On the count of three. One, two-”
And just like that, I jump in the forbidden water body trusting an alien creature.

*****

He touches my shoulder, grasps it firmly between his palms and shakes me a little. I open my eyes and release the air from my mouth. Strangely, I don’t feel the need to keep my mouth shut. Neither do I have respiratory problems.
It is the first time I am seeing the majestic king of Ekka in his paranormal form. His long tail engulfs me. His arms are around my waist. He is amused but the expression hasn’t reached his eyes. I am alerted all of a sudden. What’s going on in his mind?
O, to páthos mou! Ti tha káno chorís eséna? Giatí prépei na eínai étsi?
What does that mean?
“It means you are sexy as hell, Eva. I feel I was empty before meeting you,”
Now, he is plain embarrassing me. I feel his impressive length hard against my stomach and reddens. Why do I have a feeling that that’s not the real meaning of his sentence?
Framing my face, he kisses me tenderly. I feel him pouring those unsaid feelings in that kiss for me. Things he will never say to me directly, things he can’t plainly say to me. We are one fucked up couple.
“Come,” he says and starts swimming towards the direction of his castle.

******

Wow!!
The sight before my eyes dazzles me. It’s so enchanting and mesmerising. This looks like a lost sanctuary. The beautiful and majestic castle of Zanzania stands before me. I am speechless. The high and mighty entrance of the castle is so overwhelming.
Who lives here?

He turns to me and gives me a peculiar glare. There’s some amusement in his eyes.
“You aren’t shocked?”
The castle is shocking. I mean, it’s kind of scary too but it’s beautiful.
“I am not talking about the castle. I am talking about the fact that you didn’t get shaken up by my story. There was no fear on your face or in your eyes. It is as if you listen to these kinds of accounts every day,”
Somehow, since the day transfusion happened, many things have changed about me. I know I should’ve been shocked but I don’t know-
He pulls me forward and I stand next to him.
“No breathing problems right?”
No none, I shake my head.
“Want to go inside?”
I look at him and smile.

*****

The scene is more beautiful than the exterior of the building.
You didn’t answer me! Who lives here?
“No one. The place is empty. No one lives here. When the king, queen, its people have shifted to land then who will remain behind?”
Here I am roaming in a long-forgotten castle underneath a huge water body with a strange creature by my side. Have I lost my mind? Has it happened finally? Me going insane?
Possible!
But his question has rendered me speechless. Of course, he will be confused by my reaction? I am amazed too but not much. It feels as if I was always meant to come here. I am naked but even this state is not much of a botheration. The water feels like a natural cloth to me right now.
But I must say the castle is quite maintained. I mean, even with no one leaving here, it’s clean and doesn’t look like a submerged ship under the ocean. How come humans have noticed nothing of it till now?
“Because they can’t see it.” He says, “Even if they drown, they don’t come to this level of depth.”
And I can see it because I am with you?
“Not just that but also because of our transfusion kai aftó eínai káti pou tha metanióso gia polý kairó, to páthos mou.”
I roll my eyes. I don’t think he is going to make me understand the meaning of that sentence. Zeno's acting quite weird since we planned this outing in the middle of the night. I look at him as we roam from room to room. All the big chandeliers, well-polished furniture and those big portraits of our past kings and queens on the walls have captured his attention.
His hands are caressing a portrait and I stop. Is she Rhea? I go towards the picture. A gorgeous brunette damsel. I can recognize her. The one I saw on the divider that day. The lady because of whom I nearly got killed.
Something is off!
I can feel it in the air, smell it in my nose and almost can taste it too but I don’t know what’s wrong?

I turn again towards Zeno and see him looking at me. Why am I getting such weird vibes from him? Why does he keep giving me those assessing glares again and again?
Is something wrong?
“No nothing,” he looks down, sighs and shakes his head, “I think we should go,”
Zeno, do I look stupid to you? There’s something off and you’re not telling me. Please, tell me.
For the first time in my life, I am scared. The scenario which was looking so beautiful to me some minutes ago has become scary all of a sudden. I have never given much consideration to my life before, but meeting this man has certainly changed that. I want to live now with him, for him and -
I stop there.
This is not happening here to me all of a sudden. There is this emotion inside me just within my reach. But I am afraid to give a name to this feeling -
“A family still lives in the kingdom. They didn’t go to the land. They reside in the far off corner. They kept the maintenance of the place.”
Zeno, there’s something you are not telling me. I am scared and you are making it worse.
“You are overthinking. Let’s go back,” he comes to me and I take a step back.
“Relax Eva,” he kisses me swiftly, “ Let’s go. I didn’t tell them before coming for a visit. If they came here and saw me like this with you, they’ll be scandalized,”
Like this?
“We are not wearing clothes,”
I blush again and take his hand. I regret coming here with him without a weapon. Where was my sense? But he said that-
“Give rest to your head, girl. Stop thinking too much,”

*******

We are finally out of the lake. Zeno’s long tail has vanished. We are decently dressed in our regular clothes. There’s an unsaid tension between us. The silence between us both is burdening. Finally, I give up.
I“Eva”
Both of us chuckle a little. I look at him at the time he does.
“You were saying something?”
You should say…
Sighing he gets up and I do the same.
What is it?
He turns his back. I go to him and turn him back to me.
Don’t show me your back. Tell me. What is it that’s troubling you?
He looks at me and I see him masking himself. He did the same that night when I tried poisoning him, before his opponents, back at the club.
“I don’t know how I should start? From where should I start?”
How about trying from the beginning?
“The day you had your accident all those years ago, do you remember what happened you fainted?”
I told you I opened my eyes in the hospital. I don’t remember anything.

“You were not like this before that right? You could speak, were pretty and had plenty of hair isn’t it?”
Why are you repeating these things?
“Because Rhea told me. I couldn’t understand her then when she did, but now I comprehend it fully. All this while, she was talking about you. That sneaky woman!”
Will you stop talking in riddles?
“You want to know the entire story? Are you sure you’ll be able to bear it?”
Say it already.
He sighs, “Rhea and I came back to Zanzania for the moon night ritual. She was pregnant. We were being careful because it was the time when our new skin was about to surface. The tradition says that the king and queen need to be extra cautious of where they are shedding the skin. After the old skin comes out, they need to keep it carefully with them and then burn it at the proper time. If the skin is carelessly disposed of in the water and it comes in contact with a human, the person touching it gets wounds and injuries which are not curable. The human living with the skin gets dangerously affected. With time, he/ she gets bald, has charred and burnt skin and has ugly marks on his/her skin for eternity and the biggest harm comes to the human when he/she loses the ability to talk,” he pauses and inhales heavily.
Lifting his head and those wet eyes at me he says, “Sounds familiar?”
I freeze on the spot. My hands, feet and every part of the body has gone cold. I am not able to look anywhere else but him.
“And the mermaid/ merman who sheds his/her skin meets his untimely death if that happens. It has been how many years since you’ve been like this? 10? 5?”
10
He raises his head towards the dark sky. I don’t know what time it is but for me, the clock has stopped.
“Do you still have it with you? The snakeskin?”
I nod in that frozen mode. His words are registering in some far off space and not in my head.
I am standing on the edge of the cliff where he stopped his car just for the sighting of the view below. I know if I take a step back, I shall fall in the gorge straightaway.
He comes close.
“All these years, while I searched for her murderer, I didn’t know that the situation could have turned this dire too. I bought companies and ripped them apart thinking that there was someone from my opponent who did the deed, but now? I don’t know, Eva. I know you didn’t do any of it purposefully, but how can I forget everything? How can I forget that Rhea was pregnant with our firstborn and your touching the floating skin of hers brought my world to its untimely end? I can’t and I won’t.” a pause, “I thought she was poisoned by someone during the delivery, but of course, I remember how she went all lifeless and how the baby inside her died as her stomach flattened itself. If Barak didn’t help me then, I could have slashed my own throat to join her,”
He is too close. My mind is shut. I don’t know how I should respond to him.
He silences me with a kiss and holds me in the crook of his arms.
“I am going to miss you, my passion. I wish I’d never met you. I am so sorry. If possible, please forgive me,”
That whispered in my ear, Zeno pushes me off the cliff.

The End
To be continued...
Other works by the Author: 

Love Through Cobra’s Eye 1-7 (Love Poison) 
Love Is Blind 
Princess And The Sheikh 1-4 (Princess Series) 
Love Through Golden Eye’s 1-4 (Love Poison) 
In Leopard’s Love 1-2 
New Moon 1-4 ( Death’s Love) 
Ruthless Billionaire’s Blackmailed Bride ( Sheikh Series) 
The Sheikh’s Bride ( The Sheikh Series) 
The Sheikh’s Lovely Bride 1- 5 ( The Sheikh Series) 
The Sheikh’s Desire 1-2 ( The Sheikh Series) 
The Sheikh’s Tenacious Bride ( The Sheikh Series) 
The Sheikh’s American Mistress (The Sheikh Series) 
The Sheikh’s Innocent Bride (The Sheikh Bride Series) 
The Sheikh’s Kidnapped Bride (The Sheikh Bride Series) 
The Sheikh’s Captive Lover ( The Sheikh’s Bride Series) 
The Sheikh’s Hired Love (The Sheikh’s Desire Series) 
The Sheikh’s Secret Princess (The Sheikh’s Desire Series) 
The Sheikh’s Pregnant Bride ( The Sheikh Series) 
The Sheikh’s Pregnant Prisoner ( The Sheikh’s Rules Series)
 The Sheikh’s Pregnant Prisoner 2 ( The Sheikh’s Rule Series) 
The Sheikh’s Secret Bride ( The Sheikh Series) 
The Sheikh’s American Surprise (The Sheikh Series) 
The Sheikh’s Pregnant Prisoner 3 ( The Sheikh’S Rule Series) 
The Sheikh’s Secret Baby ( The Sheikh’s Rules Series) 
The Sheikh’s Assistant (The Sheikh Series) 
The Sheikh’s American Daughter (The Sheikh Series) 
The Sheikh’s Twin Baby Surprise ( The Sheikh Series)
 The Sheikh’s Chosen Queen (The Sheikh Series) 
The Sheikh’s Quadruplet Baby Surprise (The Sheikh Series) 
The Sheikh’s Convenient Princess (The Sheikh Series) 
The Sheikh’s Bought Wife (The Sheikh Series) 
The Sheikh’s Pregnant Prisoner 0.2 (The Sheikh Series) 
The Sheikh’s Willing Wife (The Sheikh Series) 
The Sheikh’s Pregnant Fling (The Sheikh Series) 
The Sheikh’s Triplet Baby Surprise (The Sheikh Series) 
The Sheikh’s Shock Child – 1 (The Sheikh Series) 
The Sheikh’s Secret Baby 2 (The Sheikh Series) 
The Sheikh's Accidental Wife (The Sheikh Series) 
The Sheikh’s Accidental Wife 2 (The Sheikh Series)
Blood Lust (The Mermaid Trilogy Book 1)





















 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

