
Blood of the Rainbow
By Shelia Chapman
Hexham 2011

Sheila Chapman has asserted her right under the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988 to be identified as the author of this work.
This book is a work of fiction and, except in the case of historical fact, any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

Copyright © 2011 Shelia Chapman
All rights reserved under International and Pan-American
Copyright Conventions.
Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

ISBN: 9781301243679


My grateful thanks go out to my husband and Connie Deavers for all their help, and patience.

Although this book uses some characters from our ‘A Vested Interest’ series of books, it does not form a numbered book in that series. ‘Blood of the Rainbow’ is a stand-alone novel. In the timeline, ‘Blood of the Rainbow’ would be set about seven years before ‘A Vested Interest’. It is followed by Blood of the Rainbow books 2 & 3
‘Blood of the Rainbow’ is a fictional and apparently paranormal romance novel. In a future novel we plan to explain Jared’s paranormal abilities. Unlike the other ‘A Vested Interest’ books, it was written entirely by Shelia.
John Chapman 

Also by John and Shelia Chapman
-----
Book One - A Vested Interest
Book Two - Dark Secrets
Book Three - No Secrets
Book Four - Stones, Stars, and Solutions
Book Five - Leap of Faith
Book Six - Regret and Retribution
Book Seven - Consequences
Book Eight - Ashes to Ashes
Book Nine - Dust to Dust (Out 2013)

Also

Related books - Blood of the Rainbow
Blood of the Rainbow II (Parts 1 & 2  	out 2013)

Find out more about the saga at http://www.avestedinterest.info &
http://www.facebook.com/A.Vested.Interest
Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20`
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
From the Author

Chapter 1
Sara Foster tried to explain her reasons for leaving Crooked Creek, but of course, her mother wouldn’t listen. James, Sara’s father knew and understood. Kaye, her mother, never tried to understand. Too old fashioned, and set in her ways; Kay expected Sara to marry a local boy, and spend the rest of her life driving a dilapidated old pickup down dirt roads. Oh, and grandkids - mustn’t forget those - had to pass on the Foster genes. 
Adventure was something better left to the movies, and Internet was for perverts and axe murders. Sara didn’t want that kind of life. She wanted to be somebody, make a difference, and be remembered after she was gone. The rest of the world was too big and too beautiful to be ignored. 
Sara’s Aunt Lucy, Kaye’s younger sister, lived in a town about a hundred miles north called Shreveport. When possible, Sara spent her summer breaks with Lucy. It gave Lucy a chance to catch up, and Sara a chance to breathe. At least that had been the arrangement until three years ago, when Lucy joined a country and western band called ‘Raging Storm’.
Kaye hated musicians and bands, almost as much as she hated Native Americans. Why Kaye was so prejudiced toward them was a mystery to Sara, but Kaye hated everything about them. Once Kaye learned Lucy was part of the band - that was it - Sara was no longer allowed to communicate with Lucy, let along visit during her summer breaks. 
Kaye felt Lucy was a bad influence, and she didn’t want Sara exposed to Lucy’s wanton ways. Musicians travelled from town to town, living off crumbs from someone else’s table, and by selling their bodies. As far as Kaye was concerned, another name for musician was gigolo, or in Lucy’s case, a whore.
Until Sara turned eighteen, and graduated high school, she had little choice but to abide by her mother’s rigid small town rules. If Kaye had known James had been mailing Sara’s letters to Lucy for the last three years, Kaye would have thrown a fit. If she’d ever found out James had bought Sara a cell phone, so she could keep in touch with Lucy, Kaye would have thrown him out and divorced him.
James didn’t care. Sara was his world, and he would do whatever it took to see she was happy. Sara was a musician. She wrote her own music and sang her own songs, and she was good at it. James knew one day his daughter would be a star. He knew that was Sara’s dream, and the only way to make that happen was to let her chase her rainbows. She had to break free from her mother. Unfortunately, that would mean breaking free from him as well, but to James, that was all part of being a father – allowing your children to grow.
Lucy told Sara as soon as she’d finished school, she could come and live with her. She’d promised to show Sara life in the big city. With a population of about three-hundred thousand, Shreveport might not qualify as ‘the big city’, but it certainly beat her little hick hometown. After all, how many famous musicians came from a place called Crooked Creek.
From experience, and reading Sara’s letters, Lucy knew Sara couldn’t take much more of Kaye’s badgering. She was smothering Sara, and if it continued, Kaye would destroy Sara’s dreams. One of the reasons Lucy joined the band was to help Sara. Lucy knew she’d blown her chance at stardom, but for Sara, the door was still wide-open.
A week before graduation, Sara’s bags were already packed and ready to go. She didn’t have much; just her clothes, guitar, laptop and some cardboard boxes full of books and memories. Kaye wouldn’t let her take a lot. It was part of her plan to hold on to Sara. But this time, Sara didn’t care. She could get new things, when she found a job.
The day after graduation, Sara loaded her things in the trunk of her car, as she prepared her departure. With tears in her eyes, Kaye hugged Sara, and made her promise to call, the minute she got to Lucy’s house. Sara made a quick trip to the gas station, filled her tank, and hit the highway. She turned her music up loud and left her old life behind. Sara had never felt so free. She had a strong feeling her life was about to be turned around. Everything was different - even the leaves on the trees, and the smell of the misting rain as it spattered on her windshield. She was seeing her world for the first time through new eyes.
------------
Jared glanced across the street as he reached for the door handle on his black BMW. He was curious. A strange car had pulled into Lucy’s drive. 
Lucy stood by the side of the car, anxiously waiting. She just let Sara get out, before she grabbed her.
Jared did a double-take. 
Sara laughed. “Hi Luce,” she smiled, hugging her. “Do you think you could let me breathe now?”
Jared narrowed his eyes and listened intently. The stranger looked so familiar he couldn’t help but stare. “Who are you?” he mused. “Where have I seen you before? You can’t be her – can you?” He continued to eavesdrop.
“Oh sorry! I’m so glad you made it.” Lucy’s voice rose an octave higher with excitement as she put her arm around Sara’s shoulder.  “We are going to have so much fun!” They walked behind the car. Sara unlocked the trunk and handed Lucy a carryall.
Jared walked a few steps to get a closer look. He grinned slightly as he folded his arms across his chest and leaned against the back of his car. 
Lucy slung a carryall over her shoulder and reached for Sara’s laptop. “This isn’t very heavy Sara. Surely this can’t be all of your stuff?”
Sara sighed. “I didn’t bring a lot. Mother wouldn’t let me. It’s all part of her plan to lure me back.” She grunted as she sat a box of books on the pavement and reached for her guitar. “Besides, I figured once I got a job, I could buy what I needed then.” She leaned her guitar against the bumper.
Lucy sighed heavily. “Which reminds me. As soon as we get your stuff in you get on your cell and call your mother. Kaye has already called twice. For some reason, she seemed to think you should have been here fifteen minutes ago.”
Sara shook her head in dismay and groaned. “Lucy, as many times as Mama has been to your house, you would think she would remember how long it takes to get here. Why she insists on worrying, is beyond me.”
Jared chuckled a little too loudly. Sara glanced across the street and held his gaze for a few seconds. Jared crouched as though he was looking for something. He didn’t want to seem rude, but he couldn’t keep his eyes off her. 
Lucy laughed. “Don’t knock it Kid. I guess it’s her way of showing she loves you.”
“No it isn’t. It’s her way of making sure I didn’t do something stupid - like speeding.”
Lucy glanced up at the cloud covered sky. “Probably,” she laughed again. 
Sara grabbed Lucy’s arm, whispering. “Who’s the guy across the street by that black BMW?”
Jared opened his trunk, took out a bottle of cleaner and a rag, and pretended to polish his hubcaps.
Lucy glanced across the street and sighed deeply. “A dream! His name is Jared Thundercloud.”
Sara glanced at him out the corner of her eye, slightly blushing. “He’s Native American?”
Lucy chuckled. “You noticed?”
Sara sighed. “Well duh!” 
“Come on, let’s get this stuff in. It looks like it’s going to rain.” Lucy turned to leave.
Jared shook his head. “You know this is stupid,” he mused. “It can’t be her!” He stood in thought a few more seconds. Finally, his curiosity got the best of him, and he started across the street.
Sara struggled to reach some books that had slid to the back of her trunk.
Jared grinned and softly cleared his throat. Sara didn’t respond. Didn’t she hear me? He furrowed his brow. I guess not. Now what am I supposed to say? He groaned inwardly, remembering.
Sara kept talking away. “It could easily rain. It started sprinkling on me, just before I got to the turn-off,” she grunted again, stretching, but she could only touch the book with her fingertips. “Now I remember why I didn’t want this monster of a car!” she grumbled, crawling in the trunk. “It’s so hard to reach the back of the – gotcha!” She started backing out.
She thinks Lucy is still there. Jared smiled and leaned closer. “You – ah – you look like you could use a hand,” he chuckled; his voice soft, deep, and smooth as melted chocolate.
Sara whirled and jerked her head up at the same time. Forgetting where she was she knocked herself silly on the trunk lid, and almost lost her balance. 
Jared grabbed her arm. “Easy there! Are you all right?” 
Sara timidly lifted her eyes to see the face that went with the deep, sexy voice. Oh God it’s him! Her mouth gaped as her face turned every possible shade of red. Sara couldn’t find her voice. Great first impression Sara! He thinks you’re a clumsy idiot now! 
Jared spoke without thinking. “No I don’t!” You moron! Scare her half to death – why don’t you?
Sara was dazed. “Huh?” She gingerly touched the top of her head. “I… think so.” She glanced at her hand, and her knees started to collapse.
Jared grabbed her, put her arm around his shoulder, and wrapped his arm around her waist, steadying her. “Lean against me. I’ve got you!” He frowned, agitated with himself for frightening her. 
Jared produced a white folded handkerchief from his back pocket, and placed it over her wound, as he led her under the carport. “Here, use your free hand - apply pressure. I’m really sorry for scaring you like that. You banged your head pretty hard. I honestly thought you heard me, but I guess you didn’t,” he sighed, exasperated.
Sara swallowed the bile that had crawled up the back of her throat. She smiled weakly. “I’m all right. I just get queasy when I see my own blood.” 
Jared opened the kitchen door with his free hand and helped Sara to a dining chair. “Luce! I need a first-aid kit!”
Lucy appeared at the end of the short hall. “Sara!” she gasped. “What happened?” Blood had trickled down the side of Sara’s neck.
Sara groaned at being fussed over. “It’s not as bad as it looks. I bumped my head on the trunk lid.” 
Jared gently removed the blood-soaked cloth. Bumped? She half knocked herself out! He took a penlight from his pocket. “Let me be the judge of that.” 
As he checked her eyes, she made an assumption. “You’re a doctor….”
Jared smiled and studied her eyes. He grinned. “It must have been the cold hands that gave me away.”
“Actually, it was the - ah – the thing around your neck,” Sara sighed, embarrassed that she’d forgotten its name.
Jared furrowed his brow. Then he realized she was talking about his stethoscope. He grinned, lightly brushing the back of his index finger down her cheek.
Lucy slid a small clear plastic box, across the table to Jared. “Here you go.” 
Out of the corner of his eye, Jared glanced over the contents of the box and rolled his eyes. “Lucy, this is pathetic,” he grumbled. “What I need is a small bowl with some hydrogen peroxide in it, and some cotton balls. I need to clean the wound. I assume you have those?”
Lucy frowned as if she’d just been scolded by her big brother. “Sure,” she scoffed. “I’ll be right back.”
Sara could see Lucy was upset. She frowned. He’s being rude! He didn’t need to be so harsh! 
With a pair of tweezers, Jared began separating Sara’s hair from the wound. “When was your last tetanus?”
Sara’s mind was still fuzzy. She tried to unscramble her thoughts. Wait a minute! Did he just say tetanus? I hate shots! Bile started rising to the back of her throat again. She felt nauseous. Sara’s blood pressure jumped a couple of notches. “Um… gosh… I don’t know. Four, five, maybe six years ago. Why?”
“Just to be safe, I might need to give you a booster.”
Lucy sat the supplies on the table next to the first-aid kit. She sat in a chair beside them. “How did this happen?”
Jared dipped a cotton ball in the bowl, and started dabbing it on Sara’s head. 
Sara winced and clenched her teeth. “That stings!”
Jared’s voice was soothing, caring. “Sorry, I’ll try to be more gentle.” 
Strange… he practically yelled at Lucy. Why is he being so nice to me? Lucy is more attractive, and she’s closer to his age too.  He’s at least five or six years older than me.
Jared picked up another cotton ball, dampened it, and continued cleaning Sara’s wound. “It was my fault. I was trying to be a gentleman, but I scared the daylights out of her.”
Envy bubbled to the surface of Sara’s carefully composed poker face. “You two know each other?”
Lucy half smiled. “Yeah, we do.”
Just my luck. “Oh.” Sara’s voice sounded pitiful.
Jared smiled knowingly. She’s jealous. She thinks me and Lucy are….
“Sara, this is Jared Thundercloud. He owns ‘Raging Storm’ – the band I told you about - and he plays keyboard for us. Jared, this is my niece, Sara Foster. Oh, and Sara, as you might have guessed, Jared’s a doctor.”
Sara rolled her eyes. No joke. The stethoscope around his neck was a dead giveaway – really Lucy!
Jared smiled, and briefly shook Sara’s hand. “Nice to meet you Sara.” 
Their eyes met, and Sara forgot about everything. She took a deep shaky breath, still utterly dazzled by his handsome features and deep, husky voice. “Nice to meet you too, Jared – Oh I mean Dr. Thundercloud.”
“Just Jared, Sara. I think you can get by without stitches,” he smiled, slowly stroking the full length of her hair against her back. 
Sara shivered. 
 Jared continued. “I would feel more comfortable if you had a tetanus booster, though. I’ll give it to you myself. I can make a quick trip to my office and bring it back. Will you let me do that?” he prompted, as he studied her eyes.
Sara could feel her face flushing.
Lucy smiled and tucked her head. She knew how much Sara hated hospitals and needles. Jared must have sensed Sara’s apprehension. “I’ll be gentle,” he added, waiting.
Sara drew in a deep sigh. No matter how much she wanted to tell him no – she couldn’t. “I guess so,” she responded reluctantly.
“Thank you,” he whispered in her ear as he stood. His hot breath made her tingle.
Jared turned his attention to Lucy. “Speaking of ‘Raging Storm’. We’re still on for practice tonight – aren’t we? Unless you and Sara want to spend some time with each other,” he smiled.
Jared sat in the chair beside Sara, took her hand, and turned it over. “That’s your head clean. Let’s see if I can get rid of the blood off your hand before you throw up on me.” He grinned and wiped it with an alcohol swab. 
Sara thought her heart was going to jump out of her chest. Jared was so handsome. She couldn’t help but stare at his copper-toned skin, and his long black hair that hung just below his shoulder blades. He had it tied back at the base of his neck.
Lucy winked at Sara. “Actually, I was thinking about bringing her with me. You see, the Kid here plays guitar, and sings pretty good too. I taught her everything I know. I was hoping Raging Storm could use another female vocalist….”
Now he’ll want me to play and sing for him. Sara sighed and rolled her eyes. Her voice full of sarcasm. “Thanks Luce!” Even if I wasn’t scared to death to be on stage, if he’s anywhere near me, I’ll have trouble remembering my name, let along song lyrics. Breathe Sara! Breathe!
Jared grinned. “Yeah, I saw the guitar. Sara, in that case, would you like me to teach you to play?” he joked.
Lucy punched him in the arm – hard. “You rat!”
“Damn Luce!” Jared complained, glaring at her, and rubbing his arm. He turned his attention back to Sara, and his tone changed. “I’ll look forward to tonight. That is, if you’re feeling up to it. If not, we can put it off until next week. You might have a slight headache from your head butting session,” he teased.
If you want to spend time with me, I’m not letting a headache stop me. “No! I’m fine,” she blurted out too quickly. Jared turned the full force of his dark, piercing eyes on her. I think. He stood. Oh no – he’s leaving! She groaned inwardly.
Jared softly chuckled. “Maybe we better be sure, first. How about you and I go for a walk, so I can make sure you’re not going to have any adverse effects from your bump?” He waited for her response, enjoying his advantage.
Did he just ask me to go for a walk with him - alone? Sara had been following rules for so long she automatically looked to Lucy, eagerly waiting. After all, if there were rules to adhere to, it would be Lucy’s now.
Lucy smiled. “You’re almost nineteen now. It’s up to you Sara.”
Wow! She’s right. I am an adult. Lucy couldn’t legally stop me from doing anything I wanted to.
Nevertheless, Lucy was sweet and had always treated Sara with respect, so Sara gave her the same courtesy. She would have given Kaye more respect, if she’d stop treating Sara like a child. “Sure, I’d love to… unless you want me to stay here with you Luce,” she added, begging Lucy with her eyes.
Lucy smiled. She saw right through Sara’s sugar-coated gesture. Lucy, he doesn’t want you – remember that! “Jared, if I didn’t know better, I’d swear you were hitting on my niece,” she teased.
“Lucy!” Sara groaned, rolling her eyes again.
Jared chuckled, and smiled down at Sara. “That’s because I am!”
Yep – thought so. Lucy faked a laugh. “So where were you thinking of taking her?”
“Down by the river.”
In her excitement, Sara had almost forgotten she was supposed to call her mother. “Oh no! What about Mom?” 
 It’s official. Now I know I don’t stand a chance. He wants my niece! Be happy for her Lucy – be happy for her. Lucy shook her head and waved it off. “Go on – get outta here,” she smiled. “I’ll think of some kind of lie to pacify your mother. That’s what she expects me to do anyway.” 
Yes! “Are you sure?” Sara prompted.
“Yes I’m sure. Now get outta here before I change my mind.” She flashed a warning glare at Jared. “You behave!”
Jared frowned. “Shoot – there goes my fun. Don’t worry Luce. Sara is safe with me.” Safer than you could imagine.
Jared put his hand at the small of Sara’s back and guided her toward the door. He turned. “Oh! Don’t eat Luce. I’ve got that covered. We’re having a cookout.”
------------
There was an awkward silence as Sara and Jared walked side by side down the pavement. Jared not knowing what to say and Sara too embarrassed to say anything. 
 Finally, Jared broke the ice. “So, Sara… are you planning on going to college here in Shreveport?”
 “I really hadn’t given it a lot of thought, to be honest. If I could get past my stage fright, I’d like to pursue my music.”
Jared grinned. “I think I could get you past that.”
Sara inhaled, trying to steady her quickened breath. I’ll just bet you can too. He’s flirting with you stupid – do something – say something. I can’t! I just can’t! Sara you’re a chicken!
Jared softly chuckled. Sara certainly seems like the right girl. “Luce is right. ‘Raging Storm’ could use another female vocalist. Maybe you and I could do some duets?”
Oh God! His voice is so sexy, I can only imagine what he sounds like when he sings. She scoffed. “You might not say that after you’ve heard me sing.” 
Jared grinned again. “Not hardly….”
Sara blushed and laughed nervously. “Do you sing, or just play?” Of course, he does you idiot! Lucy already told you he did both. What’s wrong with me? You’ve been around guys before – but Jared doesn’t even begin to compare to Jeff – the cheat! Try asking Jared something that he hasn’t already answered - dunce!
Jared sensed her embarrassment. He smiled. “I do both.” 
“Jared, can I ask you a question?”
Jared chuckled, and answered the questions Sara was too shy to ask him. “No, I’m not married. And no, I don’t have a steady girlfriend – yet,” he added giving her a sideways glance. 
Sara rolled her eyes, sighed, and lied. “Very informative, but that wasn’t what I wanted to know.” 
Jared appeared to be deflated. “Oh….” 
Sara blushed again and took a deep breath. “I don’t want you to think I’m prejudice, but which tribe are you from? I mean, obviously you’re Native American, right?”
Jared smiled. “Aren’t we observant? Was it my dark skin, high cheek bones, or long hair that gave me away?” he teased. “Please tell me it wasn’t the accent. I’ve been working extremely hard, not to say ‘how’, when I greet people. You tell me. Guess Sara.”
Great – now you’ve offended him.  He’s just too polite to say anything. “I’m not good at guessing games,” she blurted out. Offending him was the last thing I wanted to do.
Jared stood in front of her, forcing her to either look at him or the ground. “Oh come on – try - please….”
Oh God – don’t beg Jared. Very quickly, Sara taxed her memory, but she came up blank. Sara had been fascinated with Native Americans since she was a child, which was probably one of the things that attracted her to Jared, but not the only one. She glanced at the thunderbird on the wide leather band on his wrist. She took a pot luck guess. “Navajo?”
Jared studied her eyes, his expression serious, and unreadable. 
Oh God, Sara thought. I must have gotten it wrong!
Jared finally grinned. “You got it right.” He stepped to her side again. 
Sara sighed noticeably. She still wasn’t thinking clearly. “Do you live on a reservation?” Idiot! Her face turned a deeper shade of red. You’re so stupid! Of course, he doesn’t. There are no Navajo reservations anywhere near Shreveport – you moron! 
Jared softly laughed. “No. I live at Wisteria Hall, to the north of Cross Lake. But, my grandfather still lives on a reservation in Arizona. Maybe I could take you there sometime. ‘Raging Storm’ plays at the annual country music convention there every year. If I can keep my schedule clear enough.”
Sara was relieved. “I’ve always wanted to see Arizona. I loved ‘Geronimo’ and ‘Last of the Mohicans’.”
Jared laughed again. “Well at least you got one of them right.”
Sara looked horrified. “What?”
They started walking again. “Ah – Sara - ‘Last of the Mohicans’ took place in Colorado.”
Sara blushed again. “Oops – sorry. Guess I took the movies too seriously.”
Jared smiled. “It’s all right. I’ll enjoy serving as your guide.”
Sara was getting confused. “Where – in Colorado?”
“No Silly!” Jared chuckled. “Arizona. I’ll look forward to showing it to you… all of it.”
------------
They walked a while longer before Sara built up enough courage to say anything else. “Is Wisteria Hall some kind of plantation?” She hoped the house would be a safer subject. If you embarrass yourself much more, your face is going to burst into flames. You already look like you’ve been sunburned!
Jared smiled slightly. “Yes. During the slave days, it was a huge cotton plantation. It’s about eight or nine miles outside the city limits.”
Sara felt a little braver. “Why is it called Wisteria Hall?”
They neared the curb. Sara’s last question seemed to make him uncomfortable. He smiled again, and reached down, taking her hand. “You’ll understand when you see it.”
Jared led her across the street, where they stopped at a low, white picket fence. When they’d crawled over the fence, instead of letting go of Sara’s hand, he laced his fingers with hers.
Sara was caught off guard. Jared’s touch sent chills down her spine. If I had known you were here, I would have moved long ago. Even if it meant running away from home and finishing school in Shreveport!
Jared grinned knowingly and led her to the edge of the lake. Every so often, he’d look at Sara and smile. 
After a while, Sara started to feel uncomfortable. Each time their eyes met, she blushed and quickly glanced away. She stared at the lake. “Why do you keep doing that?”
Jared furrowed his brow. “Doing what?”
“You keep staring at me, and smiling.”
For a moment, Jared was caught off guard. “Oh - I’m sorry! I didn’t realize I - I’m just making sure. I’m afraid you’re going to vanish into thin air, like you do in my dreams.”
Sara furrowed her brow and cocked her head, surprised and shocked. “You’ve seen me in your dreams?” We’re strangers! Maybe it’s just a pickup line. 
“Yes… I have. That’s what made me cross the street when I saw you with Lucy.” He lowered his head as if he was blushing now. “I know it’s stupid, but I had to know if you were real.”
Sara was breathless. Her voice quivered slightly. “I’m flattered, to say the least, but why do you suppose you would dream about a total stranger?”
Jared laughed and skipped a stone across the water. “That would depend on who you’re talking to.”
Without thinking, Sara picked up a stone and skipped it all the way to the opposite bank. “I don’t understand.”
Jared’s mouth gaped. He tried to change the subject. “You’re good at that!”
Sara grinned and scoffed. “And you’re good at avoiding questions.” She raised an eyebrow. 
Jared grinned slightly. He sighed. “I wasn’t avoiding your questions. I didn’t want to scare you.”
“How could you scare me?”
Jared stalled. “Well… if you asked my grandfather, he would say you were my destiny.”
Sara’s eyes widened. Her heart started pounding. Me – his destiny? She half laughed to diffuse the mood. She didn’t want Jared to see how much he’d piqued her interest. “Destiny?”
Jared sighed deeply. OK – here goes. “A Tribal leader - which is something like royal blood for us - has a heavy responsibility to look out for the welfare of our people. As Navajo, we have a responsibility to look out for all people. We don’t see relationships the same way others do. We don’t divorce – we don’t need to. Our perfect match - if you want to believe the legend - finds us. We’re drawn to each other by some invisible force.”
Jared studied her eyes. She doesn’t look freaked out - yet. He smiled, and then continued. “It starts in our dreams, and when we find this other person – this perfect match - in the waking world… well, nothing else matters to us but them. Our one goal in life – our duty – becomes to secure that relationship and pass it on. According to my grandfather, neither of the pair ever wants or needs anybody else. Oh God Jared – you’re pushing this. They ah – they never want to be apart again. We’re like wolves. We mate for life, or until our mate dies. Then, sometimes, we might find somebody, but it seldom comes close to our perfect match.”
Sara blinked away threatening tears. She fought to keep her voice steady. “You think I’m your perfect match because you saw me in your dreams?”
Easy Jared. He chuckled, afraid if she thought he believed what he was saying, that it would scare her off. But Sara’s eyes weren’t wide with fear. They were wide with wonder and awe. He continued.
“Well, if you believe Granddad’s stories,” he scoffed. “You see, in the spirit world, we’re all the same - made up of two parts - one male and one female. When we enter the world of the waking – which is what we call this world - those parts split and go their separate ways. But… neither person ever feels quite the same, until they find each other. Only then, do we feel whole again. We may have short-term relationships with different people before them, but it never lasts.”
Sara started to tremble. She wouldn’t make eye contact with him – she couldn’t. She didn’t dare. Jared felt her hand, moist and slightly shaking in his. 
Either ask him or drop the subject. She spoke quickly – blurting her question. “Do you… believe the stories?”
Jared gazed at her for a long while, and then smiled. His voice trailed off. “I didn’t….”
Sara had to blink to break away from his penetrating eyes.
Jared squeezed her hand. “Come on. We better go. Lucy is going to think I’ve run off with you.” 
------------
On the way back to Lucy’s, Jared and Sara talked continuously. Jared told her stories about his people, and some more about ‘Raging Storm’. He shared his dreams of eventually going on the road, professionally, but said he was torn between the band and his medical practice.
Lucy smiled as they walked in the door. “It’s about time. I was getting ready to send out a search party.”
Sara frowned. Oh God, she’s turning into my mother. That’s all I need now.
Lucy smiled. “Just kidding. Your mother wanted to talk to you, but I told her you were out walking with a friend of mine.”
“What did she say?”
Lucy sighed. “Oh, you know your Mom Sara. She still thinks of you as a little girl. It’s going to take her a while to get used to the idea of you being an adult.” She glanced at Sara and Jared’s hands. “I’m finding it a little hard myself, but you are most definitely growing up.”
Jared stood. “Well, I need to run and get the studio setup. I’ve got people to do it for me, but I like to do some things by myself. Besides, I don’t trust anyone with my equipment.” 
Jared glanced at Sara. Her face so full of disappointment; she looked like she might burst into tears any second. She wasn’t willing to let him go, and he wasn’t ready to let her go either. He smiled at her. “Why don’t you and Sara ride up with me, instead of Laurel and Hardy across the street?”
Lucy’s eyes widened. “Now? Jared I can’t. I’m waiting on a phone call.”
Sara gave Lucy a pleading look. Oh no – her puppy dog eyes. Oh… Kaye is going to kill me for this! “Sara you can go, if you want to.”
Sara stood, and tried to look indifferent. “Are you sure?”
Lucy sighed and smiled again. “Yes I’m sure. I’ll ride over with Curly and Moe.”
Sara was curious. “Don’t you drive your car?”
“Not to go to band practice. Why should I do that, when two of the members live right across the street from me? Seems a little silly to waste gas like that when I don’t have to.”
“We could always take my….”
Lucy grinned. “Sara – go!” she groaned. I know you’re just being noble. If I was in your place, I would have already been in his car.
 Sara hugged Lucy and whispered in her ear. “You’re the best Luce.”
Lucy smiled as they walked out the door. Yeah, the best that always settles for the second best for you Kid.
------------
Jared led Sara across the street to where his car was parked. “Come inside for a minute. I’ll introduce you to two of the Three Stooges – my buddies in crime.” He led her to the kitchen. Both men had their back turned. Jared whistled, and they whirled. “I’m gonna cut out now, and get things setup for band practice.” He turned to Sara. “Sara, this is Steve, and the ugly guy by the sink with the goatee is Carl. This is Sara Foster, Lucy’s niece, and my newest female vocalist.”
Steve and Carl nearly tumbled into each other, trying to be the first to shake Sara’s hand. With an elbow to Carl’s side, Steve succeeded, holding her hand a little longer than necessary. “Very pleased to meet you Sara. Will you be spending the whole summer in Shreveport?”
Sara smiled. “I just moved in with Lucy, so I guess I’ll be hanging around for a while.”
Steve smiled and raised an eyebrow. “Really?” 
Jared glanced at Sara’s hand and gave Steve a look of warning.
Steve cowered, let go of Sara’s hand, and spoke in a more plutonic tone. He swallowed hard. “Welcome to Shreveport Sara.”
 Sara shyly smiled. “Thank you.”
Carl briefly shook Sara’s hand. “Nice to meet you Sara. Welcome to the neighborhood and the band. Now I’ll just go see if I can find a mop to clean up Steve’s drool.”
Sara laughed.
Steve punched Carl in the arm, hard. “You moron!”
Jared rolled his eyes. Morons, he sighed. “As you might have guessed. Steve and Carl are brothers. The way they trip on their feet, they could easily pass for two of The Three Stooges, but Carl can make a lead guitar talk, and Steve is one hell of a drummer.” 
Jared put his arm around Sara’s shoulder, reaffirming his claim on her. “How long will it be before you three come over? Lucy said she was waiting on a phone call.”
Steve sighed. “Bonehead here needs to stop by the music store, and get some new strings for his lead. Maybe an hour or hour and a half at most. Depends on, when Lucy gets here.”
Damn! So soon! Jared sighed and tried to sound enthusiastic. He certainly didn’t look the part. “I guess we’ll see you then. There’s ah - there’s no big rush. We’re having dinner first. I’ve got the cooks grilling steaks and the works.”
Steve followed them to the door. “Ok – cool – sweet!”
Jared led Sara to his convertible. He held the door open for her, and hopped behind the wheel. “Don’t forget to put your seatbelt on.” He started the car, revved the engine a couple of times, and backed out onto the street.
Chapter 2
Jared pulled onto a narrow dirt road. Off in the distance sat a large colonial style mansion. It was easy to understand how it earned its name. About fifteen feet on either side of the road, were giant, ancient oak trees thickly laden with green wisteria vines. Neither the trees nor the vines had been pruned to be that way. 
Over the years, they had been growing and twisting, and wildly winding their way across the road to each other. Their vast cascading purple blossoms, swaying gently in the breeze, filled the air with a sweet, familiar fragrance. 
Together, the trees and the vines had created a natural green and purple tunnel all the way up to the large two-story house. Wisteria grew and hung from the balcony on the second floor, adding the finishing touches to how the house gained its name.
Sara’s mouth gaped. “Wow! I see why it’s called Wisteria Hall now.”
Jared glanced at her and smiled. “I thought you would.” 
He followed the drive around to the back of the house where he parked in a huge garage. Spaced in other parts of the garage were several other vehicles, and a couple of motorcycles. The inside of the garage was well lit, with a staircase leading up to the first floor.
Jared held the door open and waited for Sara. As she entered the house, it was a bit overwhelming. The house was enormous from the outside, but nowhere near as massive, as it was from the inside. 
Jared took her hand and led her to the kitchen. “Let’s get something cool to drink, and then I’ll show you around.”
They walked through the kitchen into the conservatory - a room made of individual panes of glass. The conservatory led out onto a raised deck.  Gerald, Jared’s butler, was busy cooking steaks, baked potatoes, and a variety of fruits and vegetables on a huge grill. Jared grabbed a fruit kebob and shared it with Sara.
Juice ran from the corners of her mouth. “This is delicious!”
Jared grinned as he watched her lick the juice off with the tip of her tongue, and take another bite of the grilled pineapple.
Sara blushed as she realized juice was running out the corner of her mouth again. “It’s very juicy. I’ve never tasted grilled fruit before.” Jared was staring into her eyes, and making her nervous. She tried to distract him. “What spices did your cook use on it?”
Jared snapped out of his trance and shrugged. He held out his hands. “Sara, I have no idea. You would have to ask Gerald. He and Cassie do the cooking. I just eat it, but they’re very good at what they do.”
Sara smiled. “They certainly are.”
------------
Jared led Sara around a large rectangular pool. Spaced alongside it were several patio tables covered with colorful cloth umbrellas. Jared pointed to a wide manicured lawn. “That’s usually where we play touch football and volleyball. If it doesn’t rain, we’ll probably get a game started later on.” 
In another part of the grounds, was a magnificent rose garden. Past the house, over a grassy knoll, was a gigantic natural shaped fowl pond. Out of the center, rising to a height of about twenty-feet above the surface, shot a single jet of water, making the pond look like an enormous fountain. If you were sitting on the nearby bench, it was possible to enjoy a full view of the entire pond at once. Jared might have referred to it as a pond, but to Sara, it looked more like a smaller version of the nearby lake. They sat for a while, by the pond. Jared held Sara’s hand again.
“Sara?” He made her name a question, speaking barely above a whisper. Sara turned, staring into his near black eyes, her breath felt like ice in her lungs. Jared spoke even softer than before. “I don’t want to scare you, but….”
Sara was forced to lean closer. “But what?” She was eager to hear his answer.
Jared turned and studied her eyes. “The more I’m with you… the more I believe.” 
Sara lowered her head and smiled. She understood how Jared felt, but she wasn’t brave enough to admit it to him. Again, she changed the subject, trying to escape his penetrating stare. “What’s that building on the other side of the pool?”
Jared helped Sara to her feet. “A full-blown recording studio. That’s where we practice. It has a dance hall and staged area. We have sound and lighting equipment for special effects to make our own music videos. “Come on, you can help me.”
“I thought you said you didn’t trust anybody with your equipment….”
Jared studied her eyes and smiled. “You’re not just anybody Sara, and I do trust you.”
------------
Jared flipped on the lights, and Sara’s mouth gaped. Inside the studio, at one end was a control room filled with mixing consoles, monitor speakers, and other audio equipment. Through some sound proof glass doors, was what Jared had referred to as the stage. The place they would be practicing.  Once on the raised platform, it gave the impression of being on stage during a live show. 
Jared pointed. “You start taking the covers off the instruments. I’ll turn on the equipment in the control room.”
Sara glanced around for a place to put the covers. The room was immaculately clean and so well organized; she expected he would have a dedicated cabinet to keep them in. “Where do I put them?”
To Sara’s surprise, he obviously didn’t. He motioned with his hand. “Just fold them up, and toss them in the corner over there.” Jared pushed a partition wall back, and behind it was a dark mahogany grand piano. 
Sara was in awe. “This is the keyboard you were talking about? I was expecting an electronic synthesizer, not a grand piano.”
Jared laughed, and sat down on the piano stool, patting the space next to him. He started playing. “Sit with me.” 
Being this close to Jared made Sara’s insides tingle. Oh God, I must be dreaming.
Jared grinned. “I only use this piano for practice and recording.” He switched on another light and turned slightly, pointing to three separate electronic synthesizers. “When we perform on stage, I use those.”
Sara chuckled. “That’s more or less what I was expecting to see.”
Jared played a couple songs and then turned. “Now, it’s your turn,” he smiled. “I know you have stage fright, so I want to hear you sing, before the others get here. That way, you can get a feel for what it will be like when we give a live performance.” He locked his dark eyes on hers. “Just you - and me.”
The depth of feeling in Jared’s tone made Sara’s stomach turn somersaults. If he doesn’t stop looking at me that way, I feel like I’m going to melt. “Jared, are you sure you want to do this?” Sara’s voice was shaky. “I might disappoint you. This seems real, and it makes me really feel uncomfortable.”
Jared grinned. “If you think this is real, wait until you start singing.”
Sara’s heart was pounding. “Ok, but promise me one thing first – well, actually, two.”
Jared smiled and adjusted the microphone, placing it in front of Sara. “Anything you want – name it.”
Sara started feeling extremely anxious. “One, you can’t laugh, and two, promise we’ll still be friends if I pass out.”
Jared grinned again, remembering. “Deal. What do you want to sing, and in what key?”
Sara stalled, desperately trying to think of the name of a song – any song. She looked at the microphone in front of her as if it was going to devour her. She felt so stupid. Of all times for her mind to draw a blank – it chose this one. “Ah…” She closed her eyes, hoping if she couldn’t see the microphone, something might come.
Jared patiently waited.
A minute went by – still nothing.  Sara sighed deeply embarrassed. “I’m sorry Jared, I can’t think of anything. Why don’t you just keep playing, and maybe something will come to me. Play something you think I might like – maybe we’ll get lucky.” And maybe I’ll thoroughly make a fool out of myself, and you won’t want me in the band!
Jared smiled slightly, and closed his eyes, as though recalling something from memory. He started playing. “I know a song that would suit you perfectly, and I’ll lay odds you’ll know it too. Now I want you to close your eyes, and don’t open them until you start singing the chorus.”
Sara closed her eyes. Once she’d heard the introduction, she knew the song Jared was playing. Suddenly, the room went dark, apart from a bright light, shining on Sara’s face. 
“Remember what I said. Keep your eyes closed. This is part of your therapy.” Jared hit record on his piano.
Sara took a deep breath and nodded as she sang the first few words.
Out of nowhere, there was an explosion of applause and whistling. Sara smiled. She desperately wanted to open her eyes, but remembered what he’d told her. She kept singing, and as she got ready to sing the chorus, Jared harmonized with her. She slowly opened her eyes.
The area in front of them looked so real it made Sara want to scream. Faces – men, women and children – it looked, and felt like she was actually performing on stage. Oh God. I think I’m going to throw up. If Sara had been standing, her knees would have buckled. 
She pushed her frightened feelings aside, listened to the sound of their harmonizing voices, and just kept singing. As she neared the chorus a second time, she felt a lot more relaxed. She finished singing the last few words, and a tear slipped down her cheek. 
Jared stopped playing, and brushed it away with his thumb. He studied her eyes and smiled encouragingly. “What’s wrong Sara? That was beautifully done. You sounded like a pro!”
Sara’s voice choked. “How did you know?”
“How did I know what?”	
“That ‘The Rose’ was one of my favorite songs. How could you…?”
“Destiny,” Jared interjected, smiled, and brushed the back of his fingers across her cheek.
------------
Steve, Carl, and Lucy entered the studio, making enough noise to wake the dead. Both Sara and Jared looked up, startled. 
Steve and Carl approached Jared and Sara. “No, Carl, you can’t play ‘Wipe-Out’ tonight. I’ve already got a headache.” He grinned wryly. “Looks like you two got started without us.” 
Jared sighed deeply and turned back around on the piano stool. Sara started to rise. Jared held her wrist and locked his eyes on hers. “Stay….”
Jared spoke in a voice, Sara couldn’t possibly resist. She turned, and sat back down. She breathed in his ear. “I didn’t really want to move.”
Sara’s breath in his ear sent Jared’s control in a tailspin. He quickly closed his eyes and groaned. He inhaled deeply, letting it out slowly, before opening his eyes again. Holy shit! She almost made me lose it! “Carl, Steve - I want you to listen to this. Lucy, I’m sure you already know.” Jared started playing the song again, still fighting to stay in control of his emotions.
Jared and Sara did the song exactly as they had previously, but without the audience. Lucy smiled. Carl and Steve listened, and when Sara had finished singing, the room fell silent. Steve spoke up first. “You said you’re single - right Sara?”
Jared glared at him and made a noise, almost like a growl. Steve held up his hands. “Easy man, I was kidding!”
Sara looked worried. Why did Jared get so upset? I’m not interested in Steve!
Jared glanced at Sara, sighed, and smiled.
Once the rest of the band got there, they took their places, and the practice session started. They had fun, and it sounded fantastic. Lucy and Sara harmonized on some old Judd’s songs, and a couple Sara had written. The rest of the band followed along as best they could to the new songs.
------------
After a while, Jared decided it was time to stop and eat. He, Carl, Steve, and the rest of the boys went outside for a game of touch football. Jared needed to find a way of getting rid of some of his frustration. Sara was dreadfully testing his willpower.
Sara and Lucy watched them play. Lucy spoke in a loud whisper. “So… what did you and Jared do before I got here? Was I right? is he a dream or what?”
Sara smiled and sighed deeply. “Lucy, I feel like I’m flying. I never would have dreamed Jared would have been interested in me – you yes - but me?”
Lucy laughed, and lied, trying to make Sara feel less guilty. “And what made you think that – he’s a handsome hunk, but he’s not even my type!” 
Sara honestly didn’t pay Lucy’s statement that much mind. “I don’t know, I mean, look at you. You’re young, closer to his age, you’re beautiful. Why would he want somebody like me?”
Lucy sighed deeply and brushed the loose hairs behind Sara’s ear. “Sara… you sell yourself short, Kid. You’re beautiful and talented. You deserve someone you love, that loves you too.” Lucy briefly glanced at Jared out the corner of her eye. “If you ever get a chance at true love, take my advice, don’t let it slip away.” Especially if it’s with Jared.
Sara and Lucy turned to watch the rest of the game. The men were doing more wrestling than playing. They tussled around like that until the cook called everyone over to eat. They filled their plates and sat at the patio tables by the pool. Jared took off his t-shirt and laid it across the back of his chair. The way he tucked into his food, he must have worked up a super appetite. Sara glanced at his bare chest and bit her lower lip as he locked his eyes on hers.
“So, what do you think, Jared?”
Jared held up his finger, and quickly glanced at Lucy while he finished swallowing his mouthful of food. He wiped his mouth on a paper napkin. “About what, Luce?”
If you could keep your eyes off her long enough to listen, you might be able to think straight! “About Sara! Was I right? Do you think she’s ‘Raging Storm’ material?” Lucy didn’t want to be jealous of her niece, but it was hard not to. She almost wished Jared would say no, but she knew he wouldn’t. Even if Sara couldn’t carry a tune, he wouldn’t say no.
Jared glanced at Sara. She smiled and looked down at her food. “Yes, I do….”
------------
Around ten-thirty, Lucy started getting ready to leave. She had to work the next morning. Since Steve and Carl was her ride, and the other members of the band had already left, that ended the practice session, at least for the whole band. Jared wanted to go over a couple more songs he was considering, for him and Sara to do as duet numbers. He promised to bring her home later.
Lucy was a little reluctant, but agreed when she saw how much Sara wanted to stay. However, she warned Sara that her mother might call again. Sara told Lucy if Kaye did call, to tell her mother she was in the shower or something, then text Sara on her cell. Sara said she would call her mother back. That way, Lucy was off the hook. 
Sara was sure Kaye wouldn’t approve of her spending so much time alone with Jared. The fact that Sara was legally an adult and capable of making her own decisions wouldn’t matter to Kaye. In her eyes, Jared already had three things going against him. He was a Native American. Sara’s mother hated Native Americans. She wasn’t particularly fond of anyone of another race. Jared played in a country and western band. Kay didn’t approve of musicians. And lastly, Sara hardly knew Jared.
Steve and Carl packed up and took Lucy back home. 
Jared and Sara were alone in the studio again. He sat back to the piano, and started playing something she didn’t recognize, but it was pretty. After he had finished the piece, Jared told Sara it was Bella’s Lullaby from the movie ‘Twilight’.
Then Jared started playing another strange tune. “I have something else I’d like to share with you. I wrote this a long time ago, when you would have been around thirteen, but I’ve only just finished it. Seeing you, gave me an idea for the ending. I didn’t want to play it while the others were here. It’s private… and special. It’s just for you.”
Sara was speechless. A lump rose in her throat, making it difficult for her to speak. “You wrote this, for me when I was thirteen… but how?”
Jared ignored her question. “I hope you like it.”
“I’m sure I will. Please, play it for me. I would love to hear it.” Why didn’t he answer my question?
Jared started playing. Sara closed her eyes and concentrated on the melody. Her eyes filled with tears, and despite her fighting to hold them back, a few slipped out. Jared glanced at her, stopped playing and brushed her tears away. His voice was warm and gentle. “Don’t you like it?”
“Yes, I do,” Sara choked. “It’s beautiful. No one has ever written a song for me.”
Jared smiled. “That makes two of us. I’ve never written a song for anybody else but you.” Although, I’m sure there will be many more to come. If only…..
Sara laughed. “Come on Jared, you can’t tell me that you don’t have someone special in your life?”
Jared smiled as he gazed into Sara’s eyes. His voice was a whisper again. “Not until now. The only girl that’s ever been special to me… was the one in my dreams. The one sitting here beside me. We hardly know each other, and I can’t stand the thought of being away from you. I hope that doesn’t scare you off. I know a relationship takes time, and can’t work without trust and honesty. Lies cause too many mistakes, and misunderstandings.”
Jared waited for her to respond, but Sara couldn’t find her voice. He leaned closer. Sara could feel his hot breath on her lips. “Sara, if you don’t believe in love at first sight, and you don’t want to be kissed by a stranger… you’d better tell me now.” Again, he paused.
Sara felt as if she was floating. She stared into his eyes for a long time and smiled. “I do believe in love at first sight, and you don’t feel anything like a stranger to me.” 
Jared cradled her face and softly kissed her. Sara felt a tingling in the pit of her stomach. Jeff had kissed her before but never like this. She was sad when Jared pulled away, and ended it. He held her close, burying his face in her hair. His next words, the quietest of a whisper through her hair. “Now I believe.” 
Jared kissed her again, this time more intense, and held her for a long time. Things were moving so fast. Unfamiliar feelings were rushing through Sara’s veins. She knew Jared felt it too. Sadly, before either of them realized it, the night ended.
------------
Their parting at Lucy’s was short. Jared walked Sara to the door. They exchanged cell numbers; he softly kissed her, and then left.
Sara could barely feel the floor beneath her feet, as she tiptoed down the short hall to her bedroom. Lucy was already in bed, fast asleep. Sara could hear her gentle snoring. She smiled and opened the door to her room. 
As she took out her teddy, she debated taking a shower, but in the end decided not to. She changed into her bedclothes and crawled between the sheets. 
Sara remembered she hadn’t thanked Jared for tonight. Too chicken to talk to him, she picked up her cell. “Thnks for 2nite. Miss U alrdy,” she typed out, took a deep breath, shut her eyes, and pressed send. She waited until the message had been sent, locked her cell, and laid it on the nightstand, next to her. She hesitated a few minutes, waiting for a reply. When it didn’t come, she settled in to sleep. 
Sara was just about to the point of drifting off when her cell flashed. She picked it up and read the name on the display. She looked at the clock. Jared had been gone about forty-five minutes. She smiled and unlocked her cell. “Hello,” she said, in a loud whisper, trying hard not to sound anxious.
“Oh no! I guess I woke you - sorry.”
“No, it’s all right. I’m only whispering, because I don’t want to disturb Lucy. Her room is just across the hall from mine, and she sleeps with the door open. I’m in bed, but I hadn’t gone to sleep yet. I’m glad you called.”
“Well, I got your text, and I just had to hear your voice again before I went to sleep. I’m in bed too. I started missing you the instant I realized it was time to take you home. I didn’t want to….”
Sara smiled. “Me either. I’ve never felt like this before, Jared. It’s like - I don’t know - like part of me is missing. I feel like I left half my heart with you.”
“Me too….” 
There was a long pause of silence as Sara listened to his breathing. She thought he’d fallen asleep. Should I say anything? Or should I just let him sleep? “You still there?”
He answered quickly. “Yeah… I’m still here. I was just thinking about you, and tonight. How beautiful you are, and how lucky I am to have found you.” His voice was dreamy.
“Ok, you can stop now – you’re making me blush.”
Jared laughed. “You’re even prettier when you blush.”
“I’m hanging up now….”
Jared was insistent. “No Don’t! I’ll try to keep my fantasies to myself. I can’t be on much longer anyway – big day tomorrow – lots of sick people to heal. I just wanted to tell you how much I enjoyed tonight, and singing with you. You have a beautiful voice Sara, and you shouldn’t be worried about stage fright. A few more sessions in the studio, and I don’t think you’ll have the problem anymore.”
Sara chastised him. “Jar-red.”
“I gotta go now. See you soon. Bye Angel.”
Sara opened her mouth to reply, but the phone was dead – he was gone.

Chapter 3
The next morning, while Lucy and Sara were sitting at the table having breakfast, Sara’s cell rang. She glanced at the name and couldn’t help but smile.
Lucy grinned. “Is it him?” Of course, it’s him. Who else would call her this early in the morning? Unless it’s…. 
Sara nodded and unlocked her cell. “Hello again.”
“I hardly got any sleep last night!”
“Oh – why is that?” Sara fought to keep the smile from her voice. 
“I couldn’t get you off my mind.”
“I’m sorry I disrupted your sleep….”
“Hey, I don’t mind. I was on my way to work, and I needed to hear your voice again. Do you think I’m obsessed yet?”
I know I am! She smiled. “Probably. It’s nice to hear your voice again too. I had a really nice time last night.”
“Me too. Listen, the reason I’m calling. I was wondering if the weather is nice, if you’d like to go with me for a bike ride. I have this secret place I want to show you – unless you have other plans.”
Sara glanced up, feeling a pang of guilt. “Hang on. Let me see what Lucy has planned for tonight.” 
Lucy smiled as she stood to put her bowl in the dishwasher. I might as well start looking for a toy poodle.
“Lucy, Jared wants to take me for a bike ride this evening after he gets off work. Did you have anything special planned?”
Lucy laughed. “Go on, have a good time but be careful. If anything happened to you I would never forgive myself, and your mother would murder me.” Lucy grabbed her purse and slung it over her shoulder.
“I could stay with you….”
Lucy kissed the top of Sara’s head. “What, and have to watch you mope around the house all evening – not a chance. I gotta run. I’ll see you tonight – sometime.” Lucy left.
“Are you still there?”
Jared laughed. She asks that a lot. Like I’m going to leave her! “Of course I’m still here. I love listening to your voice – even when you’re not talking to me. It reminds me of a sunny day. Go ahead and smile, because I know you’re blushing.”
Sara could hear the smile in his voice. “Ok, well, anyway, she doesn’t have anything planned. Are you sure you want to see me again this soon?”
“I do Sara! I’ll pick you up around four. Wear something… durable. Something that you don’t care for getting dirty. It might be a little muddy where we’re going.” His conversation became rushed. “Oh, and, if you like taking pictures, you might want to bring your digital camera, or phone or something. Listen, Love, I gotta run - angry patients waiting for me. See you this evening, bye.” 
“Bye,” Sara said, but like last night, Jared had already ended the call. Sara sat for a while, concentrating on his last few words. Did he just call me… Love? Wow! That was it. Sara was so keyed up for the rest of the day she couldn’t sit still.
Sara re-arranged her room, and then did some general housework. Lucy wasn’t the best housekeeper in the world. Sara tried to find some music to listen to while she worked, but Lucy’s CDs were so mixed up, it had taken her a long time before she found something. Classical was mixed in with Hip Hop. Sara re-organized them.
Later on in the day, Sara decided to watch a film. Lucy’s DVDs were in worse shape. She re-organized those, and when she’d finished, what the hell? she thought. She categorized Lucy’s book collection according to the Dewey Decimal system. Lucy would probably throw a fit, but Sara didn’t care – she needed something to do.
Lucy likely wouldn’t thank her, but Sara rearranged Lucy’s desk, so Lucy could work more efficiently. Sara figured Lucy would probably form a lynching party for her later, but Sara couldn’t help it, she was too hyper.
------------
Time seemed to be crawling. Sara tried everything to keep her mind off him, but Jared’s penetrating eyes kept sneaking back into her mind. Every song she listened to reminded her of him, even the ones that didn’t make sense. What has this man done to me? They’d only met yesterday, and already Sara felt lost without him. She’d never been this obsessed with anyone before. How could he have such a hold on her? 
Further in the day, doubt seeped in. Sara started to wonder if this was for real – if Jared were for real. Old feelings and fears got the best of her. Suddenly, she was afraid she’d read too much into one date. But, did last night actually count as a date? 
Sara had been alone with Jared for a while, on two occasions, and they did kiss, twice – no wait – three times. Did that make it a date? This evening would certainly qualify as their ‘official’ first date. Was Sara getting ahead of herself? Did Jared feel as strongly about Sara as she did about him? She’d been wrong before. Maybe she was being impulsive. Maybe she’d assumed Jared felt the same. Sara desperately wanted to call him, or send him a text – anything to create a connection with him. What if my feelings aren’t genuine?
------------
Sara sat down to Lucy’s upright piano, and just started playing whatever felt right. Suddenly, the melody started to take shape. Sara played through it a couple more times, and decided she liked it. She grabbed her laptop, and made a quick recording of the piano part, using her composing program. She also made a quick harmony recording of herself, singing backup.
She played her guitar, recorded it with the other two tracks, and then made a recording of her voice, mixing the tracks together. She used different effects to tweak the sound, and then made a quick recording on her USB key. She put it around her neck, intent on sharing it with Jared later, if she got the chance, and if he showed up.
That was a terrible idea - thinking about Jared. All her doubts and fears came flooding back, and her semi-happy mood turned dark. Sara didn’t have the heart to work anymore. She needed an escape - a way to express what she was feeling inside. The emptiness was eating away at her like cancer, slowly eroding her confidence. Only one song could express her feelings. One artist that would allow her to feel her pain.
Sara had already worked out the chords and chord changes for this special song, ‘My Immortal’ by ‘Evanescence’. She grabbed her laptop and guitar and went into the back yard. Leaning her back against the big tree, she started her accompaniment program, and began working through her feelings, using her music. Music was her way of dealing with her doubts and fears. A way of expressing what she was too scared to act upon.
------------
Sara closed her eyes, and started strumming her guitar. Soon she was in a world of her own. As always, she got so wrapped up in her music, she lost track of time, and didn’t hear Jared when he rang the doorbell. When Sara didn’t answer, Jared walked around and came through the side gate. 
Sara’s eyes were shut; still lost to the real world. Suddenly she became aware of another presence, a new vibration in the air around her. One of those urges you can’t ignore. Slowly she opened her eyes and looked up. 
Jared was standing there, perfectly still, not making a sound. His face was twisted with an odd expression, almost like pain. 
That look must mean he has something unpleasant to do. Something he’s not looking forward to. He’s changed his mind about me! He’s come to tell me he doesn’t want to see me anymore! Sara’s heart jumped in her throat. Here it comes. He’s come to end it. To let me off easy. She felt as if something was cutting off her air.
Sara tried to control her breathing, so she wouldn’t hyperventilate. She waited for Jared to say something. Do something, make some kind of move. She was afraid to think or assume anything. 
Jared stood there, staring at her, an empty and lost look in his eyes. He knelt down on one knee, leaned closer and brushed the loose hairs behind her ear. 
Anticipation was killing Sara. His closeness was driving her to near madness. She thought her heart was going to stop beating. What are you doing? Why are you stalling? Oh God! Why don’t you just get it over with? She bit her lip, and closed her eyes to hold back her tears. She was dying inside, but she was determined to be brave. Maybe this was what Jared wanted. Maybe he didn’t want her. “Just say what you have to say.” Sara waited.
Jared didn’t say anything. His lips touched her forehead and lingered against her skin for several seconds. He pulled back and looked at her again. Tears were starting to gloss Sara’s eyes. She couldn’t fight them. “What’s wrong Sara? Why are you so sad?” he softly asked.
Sara’s voice broke. “Because I’m not sure I’m ready to hear what you’re going to tell me.” 
Jared furrowed his brow in confusion. “What did you think I was going to say?”
Sara swallowed the lump in her throat. “That… that you… don’t want… that you’ve had time to think and…” This isn’t getting me anywhere. She couldn’t hold the tears back, or keep the quaver from her voice. “That you don’t want to see me anymore!” she blurted out.
Jared smiled into her eyes. “I was going to say, your song was beautiful, but I hope it isn’t about me. If it is, then I haven’t made my feelings clear. Sara… I can’t bear to leave you.”
Sara didn’t know what to say. She didn’t know what to do, or how to feel. She stared into his eyes, hoping some moment of inspiration would come out of the blue, and eliminate her doubts. How was she supposed to behave? How was she supposed to feel? Should she thrust herself into his arms, and kiss him? Where was her silent muse when she needed her? 
There was a long pause, while Jared patiently waited for Sara to find her voice. When she did, it was a loud whisper. She kept her head lowered, and wouldn’t make eye contact with him. “I’m scared Jared….”
Putting his index finger under her chin, Jared slowly lifted it until their eyes met again. It wasn’t easy for Sara to hide her feelings from Jared. It was as if he was already a part of her. His penetrating gaze saw right through to her heart.
He was surprised and hurt. “Scared? Of what - me? Of what I just said?”
Sara sighed and sniffed. “I’m a little confused, and overwhelmed. I don’t think I’m in control of my feelings anymore. I’m starting to think I’m part of some elaborate plan that’s been weaving my life, and pushing me in this direction – pushing me closer… to you. I’m not sure I know how to take this.” She sighed. Sara desperately wanted to look away. She needed to focus. She needed to find clarity. 
Jared wouldn’t let her look away. He kept staring into her eyes, waiting, giving her his undivided attention. Reluctantly, Sara continued. “I’ve lived my life, mostly on absolutions, and logic. What’s been going on between us, well… it doesn’t fall under any of those categories.”
Jared’s eyes went dark, serious, filled with sorrow. “Am I… moving too fast for you Sara? Do you want me… to back off?”
“No!” Sara almost shouted. “I don’t want you to back off, and that’s what scares me. I’m afraid I’ve reached a point of no return, and if this ends… if we end, I’m headed for one hell of a fall. If I’ve been living in a fantasy world… I’m afraid it won’t end like Cinderella.”
Jared smiled, and his mood changed. “It’s not a fantasy Sara – it’s real. I spent the last two hours, cleaning my office. My desk is spotless. My office is spotless, and my secretary has nothing to do. She thinks I’ve gone mad. It isn’t normal for me to clean my desk or my office, but I had to find something to do. Then, about half an hour ago, I started feeling so lost and empty. If I’d given in to that feeling, I would have started crying. I could think of only one thing, that would make me feel that way, and it was you. I had to know you were all right.”
Jared stroked her hair, and then continued. “I left the office, and I couldn’t get home fast enough. I showered and dressed so fast, I’m not even sure if my socks match. All I was thinking about was getting to you… holding you in my arms, and scaring away whatever it was that had made you feel this way. I jumped on my bike and rushed straight over here. I know I’m early, but I just couldn’t stand being away from you another second.”
He brushed the back of his fingers across her cheek. “What do I find when I get here?” He took her hands, lifting her to her feet. “Come here,” he said, drawing her to him, and holding her. He kissed her neck and buried his head in her hair. “I’ve missed you Sara. I know it’s only been hours since we were together, but I’ve missed you!”
“I’ve missed you too, and I can’t take this. It hurts like nothing I’ve ever felt before. I don’t feel like I can breathe without you. I don’t want to breathe without you.”
“So what are we going to do? I feel the same way Sara.”
Sara felt helpless. “I don’t know….”
Jared spoke sincerely. “I can’t be away from you! I don’t care what anybody thinks or says. I’ve got to have you with me, and I will - one way or the other.” 
Jared held her so close Sara could hardly breathe. Her eyes filled with tears. Being with Jared filled her with such warmth. Her heart was so full; she thought it might burst, under the pressure. “I don’t care either Jared,” she finally whispered.
Jared took her guitar. “Let’s get out of here. We’ll talk about this some more, when we get where we’re going. I’ll take your guitar. You put the rest away and meet me on my bike under the carport.” Jared waited for her by his bike.
------------
Sara tossed her laptop on her bed, clipped her pen to the collar of her t-shirt, stuffed her little notebook that she used to scribble down song ideas on, in her back pocket, and went into the kitchen. She tore a piece of paper from her notebook, and wrote Lucy a quick note, telling her that she was with Jared, and probably wouldn’t be home for dinner. 
Sara walked outside, secured her note to Lucy’s letter keeper, and walked over to Jared. He smiled as she approached him. He pulled her into his arms, kissed her passionately, and handed her an extra helmet. Sara smiled and put it on. Jared crawled on the bike and waited for her. Sara pushed her guitar behind her back, secured the strap, and slipped in behind him, wrapping her arms around his waist.
Sara wondered how they were going to communicate with their helmets on. As if reading her mind, Jared fiddled with a dial on his bike, and her helmet hissed. “Can you hear me all right?”
“Yes, but how does this work?”
“It’s voice activated and connects directly to the radio on my bike.”
“Wow! This is neat.”
“Well, it’s kind of a long trip, and I was afraid you might want to ask me something. I wanted to be able to hear you, and answer you.” Jared kick started the bike and revved the engine a couple of times. “Are you ready?”
“I think so….”
Jared chuckled. “You don’t sound too sure….”
“I’m fine. I love being with you.”
Jared chuckled again. “Hang on tight, we’re gonna fly!”
Sara grabbed him a little tighter.
 “Oh Angel - be careful there! I could easily get used to this,” he smiled, immediately responding to her touch.
Sara sighed and rested her head against his back. “Me too.”
Jared made a circle and turned the bike around. “Steve’s outside washing his jeep. Wave as we go by. I want to make sure he understands you’re mine.”
Sara smiled. “Sure, but I think he already knows that.”
“Yeah, I know. I just like rubbing it in.”
They both waved as they passed by him. Steve looked up, smiled, shook his head, and waved back.
Jared pulled onto the main highway and headed out of the city, toward the hills. “Wanna listen to some music, or would you rather just talk?”
“Can’t we do both?”
“Sure, I can adjust the music and the helmet intercom volume separately. What would you like to listen to? I noticed you were wearing a flash drive around your neck. It wouldn’t happen to have music files on it - would it?”
Sara smiled. “Yes, do you want it?”
“No!” He commanded. “Wait until I’ve pulled onto the shoulder.” 
Jared pulled the bike on the side of the road, and left it idling, as he reached back with his hand. Sara unfastened her USB key from its strap and laid it in the palm of his hand.
Jared put it in his radio, and it started playing. He adjusted the volume. “Can you still hear me all right?”
“Yes, I can hear you fine.” Sara loved the sound of his voice. It made her go all tingly inside.
“And is the music loud enough?”
“Yes, it’s fine.”
“Is this you? It sounds like the same song you were singing outside.”
Sara laughed. “I wished. It’s the same song, but this is by the original. It’s called ‘My Immortal’ by ‘Evanescence.’
“Honestly, Sara, I could have sworn it was you. Do you have any of yours on here?”
“Yeah, one. Something I was working on earlier today.”
“I want us to try that Evanescence song when we get back to the house. That’s if it’s not too late when we get back.”
Sara smiled. “Ok. I love singing with you.”
“Oh no. I’m just going to play this time, and I might help you out with the chorus, like I did with ‘The Rose’, but I want you to do this one on your own.”
“Why?”
“As sad as the song is, it’s still beautiful, and it suits your voice. I think it would sound better as a solo.”
Sara was skeptical. “All right….” 
“Well, hang on tight. I would never forgive myself if you got hurt. You don’t act as if you’ve done this before.”
Sara smiled. “That’s because I haven’t. Jeff, my former - well, anyway. He offered me a ride on his bike, and I wouldn’t take it.”
Jared seemed surprised. “Really? Why wouldn’t you go riding with him?”
Sara squeezed her arms around him. “Because I didn’t trust him.”
Jared softly laughed, revved the engine, and pulled back on the highway. “And you trust me?”
Sara sighed contentedly, not a doubt in her reply. “Completely….”
Jared softly laughed again. “Good.” The song ended, and the next one started. He chuckled. “It looks like somebody else likes to listen to different music than what they sing.”
“Excuse me?”
“You’re like me. I write, play, and sing country and western, but I like to listen to all kinds of music.”
Sara laughed. “The music I listen to is usually dependent on what kind of mood I’m in.”
“So what kind of mood are you in right now Sara?”
“Happy, safe, peaceful and a little dangerous, I guess you could say.” ‘Super Massive Black Hole’ by ‘Muse’ had started playing. “This song always makes me feel a little daring and dangerous. I like to listen to it, when I’m driving. I play it over and over. I think they used it on ‘Twilight’. I still haven’t seen the movie yet, and I understand the second of the series is coming out soon.” 
Wow! Sara was talking to Jared, and she wasn’t tripping over her tongue. Sara usually tripped over her tongue when she talked to someone she was interested in. She’d stopped feeling nervous around Jared. She wondered why.
“I can help you there. I have the DVD and the books, all of them. I saw the movie first, and then I bought the book set. I read all four volumes in less than a week. I just couldn’t put them down. I guess they sort of reminded me of us. We’ll go see the second movie - and all the others, together….”
Sara chuckled. “How, you didn’t know me then, and besides, you’re not a vampire – are you?”
Jared snorted. “No - no vampire here…” he abruptly changed the subject. “So do you want to see the other movies with me?”
“Yes, I would.”
“It’s a date then, but don’t think I’m going to stay away from you until then.”
“I wouldn’t like that.”
“Don’t worry, I’m not! You’ll be lucky if I let you out of my sight. So do you enjoy living here in Shreveport?”
Sara smiled at his evasiveness. “I do now….”
Jared took his left hand off the handle bar, and squeezed her arm that was wrapped around his waist, before putting it back on the handle bar. “Good,” he smiled.
The next song started playing. “This one’s mine. The one I did this morning.”
“Really.…” He got quiet, listening to the music. In fact, Jared didn’t say anything else until it was finished. “Wow!” he whispered. “Did Lucy work today?”
“Yeah – why?”
“Who played the piano and harmonized with you?”
Sara laughed. “I did.”
“What? You didn’t mention you played piano too!”
“You never asked, but I don’t really play it. I can read notes, but not like everyone else does. I hear the notes in my head.”
“I think I could teach you more, if you wanted to learn.”
Sara smiled. That much was already clear to her. “We’ll see.... ”
Jared chuckled.
------------
They rode for a long time in virtual silence, listening to the music and singing along. About five miles Northeast of Shreveport, Jared stopped at a gas station for fuel, and some sandwiches. They both crawled back on the bike, and after a quick kiss, they flew down the road again. They stayed on the main highway another four or five miles before Jared slowed, and turned down a grassy derelict road. It didn’t look like it had seen any real traffic for years. 
“Wow, this is remote,” Sara commented.
“If you think this is remote, wait until we get where we’re going.”
The blacktop ended, and turned to what looked like a cow trail. They continued to follow the trail for at least another thirty minutes, twisting and weaving around trees, and rocks. Sometimes crossing over, or through tiny streams as the road slowly narrowed to a path along the hillside. Sara gasped when she looked down, and felt nauseated. 
Jared softly chuckled. “Hey, did I forget to tell you not to look down?”
“Oh, ha ha, he he.” Sara let out a shriek when Jared revved the engine, and went up an incline.
He laughed. “Sara, I’m not going to let anything happen to you. I’ve been down this road so many times. In fact… I could probably do it with my eyes shut.”
“Don’t!” Sara gasped. “I’d prefer you kept your eyes open, if you don’t mind.”
Jared laughed out loud. He was enjoying this. Jared didn’t seem to be bothered. He twisted through the trail as if it was a major interstate highway. Sara kept letting out little squeals, and gasps at some of the sights. 
“You might want to close your eyes as we go over this.”
Sara looked in front of them, and saw a rickety wooden plank path, leading across what looked like a canyon to her. She squeezed Jared tighter. “Oh my God,” she gasped, squeezing her eyes shut. Sara kept her eyes shut. She didn’t want to see how high they were, or how high they were climbing.
“Don’t worry – you’re not going to fall,” he said as they climbed up a steeper incline on the other side of the canyon. Sara still kept her eyes shut. 
Jared leapt over a narrow bank and bounced safely down on the other side. 
Sara drew in a deep breath, and hoped that her stomach would eventually catch up with her later. Jared had left it on the other side of that bank. He seemed to be getting a lot of pleasure from her reactions. He laughed again, and said they were almost there, but Sara could have sworn they continued to climb another five minutes.
------------
Much to Sara’s relief, Jared stopped, and shut off the engine. He held out his hand, helping her off the bike. “You can open your eyes now.” Jared took off his helmet. “We’re here.” He unfastened her helmet, smiling, brushing the back of his fingers across her cheek. 
Sara’s legs felt like wet noodles. Her stomach was still churning from the butterflies that had taken up permanent residence there. Not only because of the ride, but because her stomach fluttered every time he looked at her the way he was looking at her right now. She stood still for a few seconds, making sure her balance was still working. Jared smiled, leaning down, studying her eyes as he cradled her chin in his hand. “Because, I could feel your muscles tensing against my back.” He gently pressed his lips to hers, kissing her. Innocent at first, he deepened his kiss, when Sara put her hands behind his neck, threading her fingers in his hair and pulled him closer. She didn’t want it to end. Jared’s lips were full of passion as he covered her mouth with his again. The entire length of his body pressing against hers filled her with longing.
Jared stiffened and ended the kiss. He put his hands on her shoulders, holding her a few inches from his body. He closed his eyes, drawing in a slow, deep breath, speaking in a soft groan. “Sara, do you have any idea, how much restraint… I’m having to use right now? You’re dangerous! You’re too loveable and kissable. I’ve never needed anyone like this before. It’s as if I need you to breathe. You’re my air Sara.” He kissed her again, with equal passion. Sara felt as if her body would spontaneously combust. She couldn’t breathe, she couldn’t speak. All she could do was burn under his hot, moist lips as her body ached for him.
When they finally came up for air, Sara felt dazed, dizzy, as if she would pass out. How could she have known a kiss would affect so many of her senses at the same time? She swayed. Jared grabbed her shoulders, steadying her, his eyes filled with concern. “Sara – are you all right?”
Sara’s heart was still pounding; she drew in a calming breath and waited for her head to stop spinning. “I’m all right, but I think I should sit down.”
Jared wrapped one arm around her waist, quickly opening his saddlebag and took out a multicolored blanket. He led her under a giant cypress tree. Holding one corner of the blanket, he flung it open, spreading it over the ground. Jared took Sara’s hand as they knelt on the blanket and then sat down. He wrapped his arms around her shoulders, pulling her against his chest. “Feeling better now?”
Sara nodded. She breathed in deeply, filling her senses with his masculine smell, a mingling of his scent and cologne. She reached down and ran her hand over the raised designs on the blanket, it was soft, and the raised fibers tickled her palm. She smiled. “This is beautiful. Is it…?”
“…Real?” Jared smiled, whispering through her hair. “Yes, it’s very real. My mother made it and gave it to me for my sixteenth birthday. I’ve got another one with a wolf baying at the moon that my grandmother made and gave me the last Christmas she lived. She was always making me little gifts like that. My Navajo room is full of all kinds of beads. I’ve got more dream catchers than the sandman,” he laughed. Jared sighed, pressing his lips to her temple, “And she even laughs at my corny jokes,” he mused.
There was a burning question in Sara’s mind. She wondered if Jared’s family could be as prejudiced as her mother. Kaye believed you should marry your own kind. That had two qualifications; one, you had to be white, and two, come from Crooked Creek, or another small, hick town. It would be Sara’s luck to find someone like Jared, and then find out his family hated her, because she was white. If Jared’s family turned out to be as prejudiced as Kaye, the Thundercloud’s wouldn’t accept a ‘nobody’ like Sara. Afraid of the answer, she almost backed out, blurting her question at the last minute as if it used her last breath of life.
“Jared, do you think your family will like me?” Jared mulled her question over for a few seconds; Sara mistaking his hesitation for doubt. Her tone darkened. “They probably wouldn’t….”
“I wouldn’t be so sure of that Sara. I think they’re going to love you, especially after they’ve heard you sing. I’ll teach you some of the old native songs before we visit them, so you can impress Granddad.”
“Does your entire family live in Arizona?”
“They do now. It used to just be Granddad, on my father’s side, but then my parents moved to Arizona when Granddad had a stroke. We used to live in El Dorado, Texas. They’ve been back in Arizona, for about three or four years now.”
“In that case, how did you end up in Louisiana?” 
Jared sighed, apparently trying to avoid a painful subject.
Sara’s breath caught. “Never mind, it’s none of my business – it’s not important – you don’t have to tell me.” She turned to face him, studying his eyes. “I don’t need to know your past,” she whispered, shocked at how brave she was becoming around Jared. But, being with him felt natural, as if she’d already been this close to him, if not closer.
He smiled at her. “It’s not that. It’s just – well – complex, I guess you could say.” Jared responded slowly, choosing his words wisely, he laughed. “It’s either that, or incredibly stupid. I’m not sure which. Anyway,” he scoffed. “At first, I was running away, but when I settled here, and bought Wisteria Hall, I realized I’d come for other reasons too.”
“While I was at a park in Phoenix, I met a girl from Australia named Eve, she was walking her dog,” he continued without prompting. “Due to her father’s job, Eve and her family had been living in Phoenix for over a year. Her father was an investment banker and had been sent to Phoenix, to start up a new branch. The job was supposed to last another year, but in August, they let him know they were sending him back to Sidney, in January. I was heartbroken. I was nowhere near ready to get married, but I couldn’t bear the thought of being away from Eve. So, I bit the bullet and prepared for the worse. If she had to leave, I was going to propose. I figured being married to her couldn’t be worse, than being without her.”
Jared paused briefly, giving Sara an opportunity to respond. When she didn’t, he continued his story. “I really did try. I wined and dined her, and then I popped the question. I told Eve I would go back to Australia with her, if she didn’t want to live in the United States.”
Sara was intrigued. “How did she react?”
Jared sighed. “She didn’t give me quite the response I expected. You see, I’d got it all wrong. Eve wasn’t in love with me. She said she was flattered, and considered me a really good friend, but she didn’t want a serious relationship. I realized then, my moving to Sidney would have been a mistake.”
“Did you tell her that you were in love with her, I mean before you proposed?”
Jared started kissing the side of Sara’s neck. “No. I guess that was my first mistake.”
“But you were in love with her, weren’t you?” Sara closed her eyes, leaning her head to the side, surrendering to the sensations Jared was creating in her.
Jared scoffed. “Yeah, I guess I was – in some form – but not like this. What I feel for you is different. It goes far beyond anything I’ve ever experienced.” He kissed the top of her head. Sara reached up, gently massaging the back of his neck, softly grazing her fingernails over his skin. Jared quickly drew in his breath. Sara’s touch was trying his control again. He sighed deeply, closing his eyes before continuing, desperate for a distraction.
“To make a long story short, Eve went back to Australia, and I ran. I got on my bike, left Arizona, and headed back for El Dorado, home. When I got to our drive, instead of pulling in, I just kept going. The next thing I knew, I was passing Shreveport city limits sign. I got into a pool game with Steve and Carl and started hanging out with them. When they found out I didn’t have anywhere to stay, they put me up at their place. After a while, they tried to fix me up with a girl across the street – Lucy. She was sweet and nice and pretty, but I had my heart set on finding you.”
So they did have something going. Lucy lied to me. “Jared,” she said, dubiously. “Up until about five years ago, I’d spent every summer with Lucy. I can’t understand why our paths never crossed.”
Jared paused in thought for a while. “It does seem a little odd. Maybe it has something to do with the master plan you were talking about earlier. Regardless, we’re together now.” He paused again, reading her eyes. “Are you sure I’m not boring you with all of this?”
Sara was sincere. She wanted to know everything about him. “No, you’re not boring me!”
Jared took a breath, and then continued. “All right then. Tell me if I do start boring you.”
“I will – just continue – please!” Sara was anxious.
Jared smiled. “About three years ago, Gary and I, a friend of mine from the hospital where I worked, got to talking. I told Gary I still needed a place to live. He asked me how much I was willing to spend, and how quickly I hoped to move in. I told Gary I wasn’t. That was when he told me about Wisteria Hall, an old plantation on the other side of Cross Lake. Unfortunately, Gary said the house was tied up in some kind of inheritance squabble, and had been for a long time. The old lady who was living there didn’t want to sell, but she was sickly and very old. If I were willing to wait, perhaps until she passed, Gary felt for sure her son would put the house on the market - as is.”
“Why would he do that? People don’t normally give up their ancestral home without good reason,” Sara prompted.
“He already had a house in Pensacola, and he didn’t like making trips back and forth to take care of the house. It was a lot of work, and besides, he hated Louisiana – too humid, too many tornadoes, and too many thunderstorms. Gary and I drove out there one day, so I could have a look at it. Gary warned me the house was in an awful shape, and he wasn’t kidding. When I first saw the house, it was a disaster. I understood why her son didn’t want to bother with it. I almost backed out myself, but I had time on my side.”
Jared chuckled. “Back then, time was about all I had. I didn’t have a lot of cash, or assets that I could use as collateral for a loan. With no credit record, I wasn’t likely to secure a loan anyway. Gary said he would co-sign with me, but with the house being in that terrible state, I wasn’t about to expect him to sink in that deep. Not with something in as bad a shape as Wisteria Hall.”
Sara chuckled and sighed. “What did you do?”
Jared grinned. “What do you think I did? I worked my ass off, and I waited. Sure enough, Gary was right. Several months later, on her birthday, the old woman had a massive coronary and died. As it turned out, Gary knew the old woman’s son and had told him if he decided to sell, that Gary wanted first chance at the house. Apparently, his cousin, Donna Rigden, had been treating the old woman. Gary made a deal with her son, and I got the house for loose change. I was glad, because it cost me a fortune to restore and renovate the house. It needed a lot of work. I drew up the plans, modeling and fashioning it from the one in my dreams. Then I hired construction crews and builders and ....”
“Wait a minute,” Sara interjected. “You drew up the plans yourself, from your dreams?” Her voice was full of cynicism.
“Yeah…” he chuckled. “The house plans have been in my head for a long time. Once the paper work was out of the way, I drew up the blueprints.” Sara drew in a breath, and opened her mouth, but before she could speak, Jared continued, obviously inspired to share the whole story with her. 
“I started sketching when I was around ten, that’s one of the reasons I enjoyed visiting my grandparents so much. Using my pastels, I drew the landscapes. I’m sure Mom still has some of them, or even all of them.” Jared laughed. “I wouldn’t be surprised if she still had all of them. She was always eager, and proud to show off my art.” Jared hissed air through his teeth.
“Anyway, getting back to the house. It took almost a year for builders to finish the renovations. The pond was the worst. It had to be completely drained, cleaned out, and then refilled. I did some research on water plants, and insisted that the aquatic specialists put back, mostly indigenous ones. I wanted it to be as near to the house in my dream, as possible. They fought me on some of my ‘unreasonable’ designs, as they put it. But I stood my ground.”
“You should have. It was your house; you were the one paying their salaries. I’m sorry… I’ve interrupted you again. Please, go on.”
Jared smiled and touched the tip of her nose with his index finger. “Are you sure I’m not boring you?”
“No, you’re not boring me. I want to know. I’m fascinated actually. Was it really that bad?”
“Oh yes, it was, believe me. The pond was full of garbage. The old woman must have been using it for a garbage dump. The rose garden – man – it was so full of briars and thistles and bull nettles you couldn’t tell it had been a rose garden – or any kind of garden, for that fact.”
“How long have you been in Shreveport?”
“Almost seven years now. When I saw you across the street at Lucy’s, I realized then that I was reliving my dreams. Seeing you brought it all back. Everything that has happened in my life has been leading me in one direction, here – and to you.”
Sara smiled. “Then I’m glad I came. My mother tried everything to talk me out of moving. I just couldn’t stand being in that little hick town. I wanted more out of life; I wanted to work on my music - barring the fact of my terminal stage fright. I wanted to be somebody, you know, make a difference in somebody’s life.”
Jared studied her eyes. “Then you’ve already accomplished your goals.”
Sara frowned in confusion. “How so?”
“You said you wanted to make a difference in somebody’s life. You’ve done that. Just being with me, you’ve changed my life. Two days ago, I was lost and lonely, searching for something, I didn’t know what, and I didn’t know where to find it – until now.”
Jared smiled and made Sara’s heart flutter. He stood, and took her hand. “There’s one more thing I want you to see, but we’ll have to go on foot from here.” He started leading her further up the side of the hill.
“Oh, please, no more climbing! I hate climbing. I have a horrible fear of falling.”
Jared smiled. “Don’t worry – I won’t let you fall. It’s not far, just a little ways up the hillside, and I can’t get the bike up there. I really want you to see this.” He waited for Sara’s reaction.
He’s not being fair. He knows all the right buttons to push. All the right smiles to smile. All the right places to touch and kiss me. He knows my strengths and weaknesses too. This seems important to him. How can I possibly say no? “Ok, but you’ll have to lead me. I’m going to keep my eyes shut.”
“No!” he commanded. “Don’t do that, you might lose your footing, and my life would end if anything happened to you.”
Sara sighed and groaned. “You’re the most persistent person I’ve ever come across. Let’s go.”
Jared smiled, pulling her up the hillside, over a craggy path. “Now stand still. I’m going to put my hands over your eyes, and don’t look until I tell you. Step up just a little - there. Now,” he continued. “I want you to imagine the most beautiful sight you’ve ever seen, and tell me, if what you’re about to see, compares.” He moved his hands off.
Sara looked across the immense country scene that lay before her eyes. They were far above the treetops. A stream, so far below them, snaked like a glossy blue ribbon. It looked nothing like the river they’d crossed earlier. The sun was just beginning to set. Misty white clouds were sprayed across the hazy cerulean sky, as though they’d been airbrushed in place.
Jared put his hands tightly on her waist. “Now… I’m going to hold on to you, and I want you to lean out, over the rock, and then look directly below you.”
Sara was frantic. “What? No Jared! I can’t do that, please don’t ask me to do that!”
Jared cooed in her ear. “Please? Trust me, I won’t let go of you. You’re not going to fall. Just close your eyes and trust me. Don’t open your eyes until I tell you.”
Sara’s heart jumped to her throat, her mouth as dry as the stone beneath her feet. She swallowed hard and took a deep breath. In that split second, countless ways, she could fall went through Sara’s head. She imagined it, she could see it, and she could feel it. “Jared, if I fall, I swear I’ll come back and torment you every single day of your life!”
Sara took another deep breath and closed her eyes. She felt Jared leaning her body towards the edge, the breeze blowing in all directions. Her green satin ribbon was jerked from her hair. Sara snatched at it, but it was gone. The wind carried it over the cliff. Hopelessly she watched it, twirling, floating down like a feather. Sara frowned and shut her eyes again. Jared put his mouth close to her ear and whispered through her hair. “We’ll buy you another one. Now, open your eyes again Sara.”
Sara took a couple more deep breaths, swallowing the bile creeping up the back of her throat. She was starting to feel dizzy, nauseated, and about ready to hyperventilate. She realized how vulnerable she was. Jared was in complete control of her life at that moment. If he chose, he could easily end it, and no one would ever know. Whatever was left of her broken and battered body would probably never be found, yet her fears faded, when she felt Jared’s warm breath tickle her ear.
“Open your eyes,” he whispered again. 
Sara cracked her left eye slightly, and then her right eye, before opening them both wide. She drew in a deep breath. “Oh my God! I feel as if I’m standing on air.” Sara hung, suspended in midair. It didn’t seem as though she was connected to the heavens or the earth. Below her, in the middle of the rock face, was one of the most striking waterfalls she’d ever seen. The water gushed from a hole in the hill; falling several hundred feet before splattering into a small pool. It then ran off from the pool, continuing its journey, as it rolled down the hillside, and joined the river. No doubt to Jared, it was a spectacular sight, but Sara’s knees were starting to shake. 
She closed her eyes again. “I’ve seen it. Now, would you please get me away from the edge of this rock?” Her voice was a little rougher than she’d intended. It was an exhilarating experience, but one Sara could have happily lived without.
Jared pulled her back and held her. “I’m sorry, were you really that scared? I thought you would like it. I’ve scared you again, and I said I wouldn’t do that. Forgive me?” He studied her eyes, and smiled his sexy smile that made her heart race.
Sara playfully wagged her finger in his face. “Only if you promise never to do that again. Next time, I might not be so forgiving.” Sara glanced at her watch. It was almost seven.
Jared sounded disappointed. “Ready to go back?”
“Not really, but I’m concerned that it’s going to be dark soon. The way in here was a little treacherous.”
“Let’s go back, have our picnic, and then head home. If we get back in time, I’ll take you to the house again. I want to show you my pastels, and I’d like you to see my Navajo room. If you give me a kiss, I’ll even let you have my copy of Twilight.”
Sara laughed, furrowing her brow. “You’re not playing fair.”
Jared looked indifferent. He turned away. “Fine - if you don’t want to kiss me, it’s ok – I understand. I’m not going to throw myself at you,” his voice sounded sincere.
Sara turned and put her arms around his neck. Even on her tiptoes, she wasn’t tall enough to reach him. “A little help here,” she complained.
Jared laughed, and put his arms around her waist, lifting her up. “How’s that?” he breathed against her lips.
“What’s this about me not wanting to kiss you?” She covered his mouth with hers, kissing him. 
Jared intensified the kiss, groaning and pulling her closer, burying his head in her hair. “Sara, you shouldn’t kiss me like that!”
Sara’s head was still spinning. “Why?”
Jared pulled away slightly. “Just trust me. It’s not that I don’t like it, I do, I’m just not sure I can control myself or that I even want to.”
“And losing control with me would be bad?” she teased.
“Yes! It would be very bad. For one thing, Lucy would kill me. For another, I wouldn’t take advantage of you like that, and it’s not because I don’t want you.” He took her hand, and started leading her down the path again. “Let’s get back to the bike,” he continued, changing the subject. “I’m starving, and you’re right. It will be dark soon. Although I’ve been here many times, I still wouldn’t want to try and drive out of here in the dark.”
------------
They sat and ate their sandwiches. When they’d finished, Jared played Sara’s guitar, and they sang a few songs together, before packing up to leave. “I’ve had more fun today, than I’ve had in a long time. What are we doing tomorrow?”
Sara laughed. “Jared, I think I should spend some time with Lucy.”
Jared sighed. “Yeah, I suppose you should. I’m just finding it hard to imagine a day without seeing you. I wonder if Lucy would consider moving to Wisteria Hall,” he mused.
“I doubt it.”
Jared sighed heavily again. “Yeah, me too.”
“I have a question for you.”
“Shoot!”
“Are you full blood Navajo?”
“From the top of my head to the tip of my toes and all the other parts in between – why? Has your mother got something against Native Americans?”
Sara laughed. “Probably, but that’s not why I’m asking. Aren’t you suppose to – you know – marry your own kind?”
Jared laughed aloud. “Well, not really. I can marry whomever I want. Actually, I’m supposed to marry my perfect match, but I don’t think we need to worry about that right now – do we?”
Sara’s face flushed. “I didn’t mean - oh gosh! I’ve truly put my foot in it, haven’t I?” She tucked her head.
“No, you haven’t put your foot in it. I don’t mind.” He pulled her into his arms, holding her. He kissed her, and then they got on the bike and headed home. Jared was quiet all the way. Despite his generous nature, Sara wondered if she’d said something out of line. She hadn’t been fishing for a proposal from Jared. They’d only just met. Sara was curious. She knew in some cultures, there were separate rules for royalty. And in Jared’s culture, he was considered royalty. Sara didn’t want their relationship to develop to a point where he had to choose between her and his family. If it ever came to that, Sara hoped she would be strong enough to let him go. 
When they got back to Wisteria Hall, Jared parked the bike in the garage and put away their helmets. He still hadn’t said anything to Sara, and the silence was making her nervous. Jared took her hand, and led her into the kitchen where he poured them a glass of iced-tea. “Why don’t you phone Lucy, and let her know we’re back at my house. I wouldn’t want her to think the worse of me….”
“Yeah, sure.” Sara stepped outside for some privacy. She pushed Lucy’s speed number and waited.
“Hello?”
“Luce, it’s me. We’re back.”
“Oh good!” Lucy sounded relieved. “Where are you?”
“At Jared’s. He wants to show me his drawings and native artifacts.”
“Oh, I see. You must be talking about his Navajo room. You’ll enjoy that. Are you sure you don’t want me to keep your dinner warm?”
“Ah – no - that’s ok. I’ll either eat here, or fix a sandwich when I get home.”
“Ok – ah - Sara,” Lucy said with apprehension.
Sara braced herself and waited for the worst.
“Kaye called. I covered for you, but as you might have guessed, she’s upset. This is the second time she’s called to talk to you, and you haven’t been here. If you don’t talk to her soon, knowing my sister, she’ll come up here to check on you.”
“Ok, I’ll ring her in the morning. I’ve had too good of a day to let her spoil it now.”
“Sara…” Lucy hesitated. “I know you’re a big girl, and I know you’re responsible. Jared is a very good friend, and I would trust him with my life....”
“But?” Sara prompted.
“Just be careful Honey. This is the first serious relationship you’ve been in since, well, you know, since Jeff. I don’t want to see you get hurt again. Just be sure this time Sweetie.” She paused for a minute when Sara didn’t respond.  “Uh oh. Am I starting to sound like your Mom?”
Sara chuckled. “Yeah, a little.”
“I’m sorry Honey. It’s just, well, you’re living with me, and you’re my responsibility, ok? I’m not trying to pry, just be careful.”
“I will Lucy, and I’ll be home in a little while.” Sara ended the call and went inside.
Jared looked up when she entered the room. “Is everything all right?”
“Yeah. Mom’s just getting edgy. I’ll call her in the morning, let her yell a while, and get it out of her system.”
Jared smiled. “Seems your Mom and I are going to get along like cats and dogs.”
“That’s what I’m afraid of….”
Jared kissed Sara’s cheek and took her hand. “Stop worrying about your mother. We’ll get along, or we won’t. It’s that simple. Come on. Let’s go take a walk down memory lane. Ready to see my trinkets?” 
“Yeah, sure.” Sara followed him up the stairs. He led her to what she assumed was his bedroom. It had the right look. She took a deep breath and walked through the door with him. This was the first time she’d been alone with Jared in his bedroom. Sara had fallen head over heels in love with Jared, and she was a little nervous. Jared grinned, sensing her feelings.
He knelt down by the side of his bed and pulled out an old trunk. He opened it up and handed her a stack of papers. “I’m not going to attack you Sara, unless you want me to attack you,” he grinned. “Here, start going through these, and I’ll see if I can find any of my earlier stuff.” 
Sara laid the folder on the bed, and kneeling on the floor, used the top of the bed as a desk. Jared scrambled around in the top of his closet. He pulled out an old briefcase. “Oh, yes, here they are.” He opened it and handed Sara another small stack of sketches. “When you’re finished going through those, I’ll show you my Navajo room. I have it arranged, like a museum display, with separate curio cabinets.”
Sara started thumbing through the sketches. They were extremely realistic. She glanced up. “Is this how it looks in Arizona?”
“Yes, but I’m afraid the sketches don’t do it a lot of justice.”
“There are so many colors. Is it really like this? You didn’t exaggerate, when you colored in the sunset?”
Jared seemed mildly annoyed. “No Sara. I’m a perfectionist when it comes to my art. I try to make them as real as possible. Sometimes, I might add the odd blade of grass, or leaf to a bush, but I never go overboard with it.” 
Jared waited for Sara’s reaction as she went through the smaller stack of sketches. “Ah – I ah - I did some of those while I was still in high school, in El Dorado. A couple of them might be… disturbing, but remember what I told you about my dreams, and try and keep an open mind about it.”
Sara glanced up at him and smiled, “When it comes to you… my mind will always be open.” 
Jared knelt beside her and brushed the back of his fingers across her cheek. “I’m glad.”
 The small stack of sketches only contained four drawings which looked as if they’d been drawn on older paper. Sara gasped, bringing her hand to her mouth. “Oh my! This is me, when I was about ten. I remember the birthday cake. It was in the shape… of a wolf, baying… at the moon. My mother and grandmother searched all over Shreveport, trying to find the right shaped pan.”
Sara held up another picture. “This one was at my thirteenth birthday. I felt so alone. All the local boys laughed at me because of my braces. They called me metal mouth.” She held up a different picture still. “This one was at my sixteenth birthday party - my first real party. You’ve even drawn the locket Jeff gave me. My ex-boyfriend and I broke up about a month after that. I found out Jeff was two timing me with the head cheerleader. I was heartbroken. I slung the locket in the river,” she sighed. “It’s probably still down there somewhere.”
Jared chuckled. “Yeah, I know. I started to go back for the locket but… like I said, I’ve been dreaming about you for a very long time. I was a little jealous when I had that dream. It was hard to watch Jeff touching you and seeing you look at him the way you did.”
Sara laughed at the irony of it all. “It seems you have been dreaming about me. It’s just unbelievable. Did someone assign you as my guardian angel in a previous life?”
Jared fought a wave of tears. He swallowed the lump in his throat. “Something like that. There’s still a couple more in my Navajo room. Do you want to see them too?”
“Yes. I do.”
“They’re still on my easel. They’re very recent. Are you sure you want to see them?” he asked again, reading the expression in her eyes.
“Yes, please,” she assured him. For a minute, Sara thought she was going to have to beg him. 
Jared rose to his feet, took Sara’s hands, lifting her too. He laced his fingers with hers and led her downstairs, to a room at the end of a long dark hall, flipping a couple of switches on the wall before they went inside.
“This is my Navajo room. It’s where I do most of my sketching. Here, and out back.”
Sara let go of his hand, and walked around the room, looking at all the glass display cases. Jared’s displays could easily have been mistaken for a museum exhibit. The walls were pale terracotta, like earthenware pottery. All over the walls hung all sorts of Indian trinkets and artifacts. Some looked as if they might have been excavated, but Jared said they had been passed down to him by his grandmother and great-grandmother. There were some more hand-woven blankets, and dream catchers there. 
Everything had been organized in professional looking glass display cases. Jared certainly had an eye for detail. Soft multicolored spotlights, shone on the cases, and softly playing in the background were chants and pipes that helped to set the mood. It was like stepping back in time. Sara could almost imagine the Indians sitting around their campfires, handing down stories and legends to their children and grandchildren. 
Jared had hung portraits of some of the earlier Navajo leaders, and leaders of other tribes, proving that, he wasn’t prejudiced against any of them. He had even framed some of his drawings, as well as several pieces of jewelry. One was a turquoise squash blossom Jared said belong to his great-great-grandmother. Sara recognized the design from a movie she’d seen. 
She wandered around, until she found the display cabinet, containing the hand-woven blanket he’d told her about earlier that evening. The one with the wolf baying at the moon. Tears glazed her eyes. She couldn’t believe how closely she and Jared’s lives had been connected through the years. 
“Jared, that - it’s the same design as the one on my tenth birthday cake. Even the golden eyes and the white fur of the wolf. How did she…?”
“I showed her my sketch and asked her if she could do one exactly like it for me. She was extremely talented. She used special wool. Here,” Jared said, opening the case. “Feel it.” He took her hand and rubbed it over the surface of the wolf.
Sara smiled. “It’s so soft, almost like touching….”
“…the fur of a real wolf,” he finished. “I know. I used to sleep under it, and imagine you were there with me. It’s beautiful, isn’t it?” he asked, smiling into her eyes.
“Yes it is.”
“You can have it.”
“Oh no! I could never take that Jared. It’s priceless.”
Jared kissed the side of her neck. “No, it’s a blanket. You’re priceless. She made it for you anyway. I’ve just been keeping it until I could find you. Now that I have.…”
“It belongs here. Keep it for me.”
“You belong here too Sara,” Jared whispered through her hair. “The sketches you wanted to see are over here in the corner.” He switched on an overhead lamp, which was attached to his easel, and twisted the neck until it was shining on the center of the page. 
Sara flipped it up. All she could do was stare. The colors, the detail, it was almost like being there again. The first one was a picture of her leaning in the trunk of her car. He’d even drawn Lucy as she walked away, with him standing behind Sara. It felt a little weird to see the expression on his face. She was seeing it for the first time.
The last one was what truly blew her mind. It was of Jared holding her out over the rocks. A scene that had played out earlier that day. Sara reasoned he could have acted today’s scene out of his dream, but he’d drawn the worried expression on her face exactly. Jared couldn’t have seen that, she was turned away from him. And the ribbon that blew from her hair. God! This is surreal!  It was as though he’d been inside her head. He’d drawn her face with all the awe and fear she’d experienced just hours ago.
Jared read the confusion on her face. “Say something Sara….”
“I… I don’t know what to say. It’s so – overwhelming.”
“There’s more, but I’m not sure you’re ready for them.”
Sara gave him a strange bewildered look and waited for an explanation. Jared opened the small drawer below his easel, usually used for storing paint, brushes, and other drawing equipment. From inside, he brought out a small leather bound book, lovingly running his finger over the cover.  “I didn’t’ draw just the images from my dreams. I documented most of our conversations in this diary.” Jared cradled the book against his chest. “Through the whole experience, there’s been only one fact missing – until recently – your name. No matter how much I begged you, you wouldn’t tell me your name. You said you couldn’t. I’d left a question mark where your name should have been. I replaced it last night.”
Sara studied his eyes. “You seem certain that I’m the girl from your dreams. What if I’m not?”
Jared smiled and handed Sara the diary. “I’m not worried….”
With uncertainty, Sara took the little book and ran her hand over it. The cover was scarred and worn, but the brass lock and hinge remained untarnished. Jared apparently had taken good care of it. He opened Sara’s other hand and placed a tiny key in it. “Don’t read it now. I’d rather you did that when you’re alone. It’s probably going to be confusing to you, and you might need time alone to think about it.” He tucked his face, blushing. “Some of it is embarrassingly graphic, but remember what I said about being a perfectionist.”
“Are you sure Jared? This is private. It’s your thoughts, meant for nobody but you.”
Jared smiled and lightly touched her hand. “No secrets Sara.”
She nodded. “All right. I’ll read it when I get home tonight then.”
Jared laughed. “It might take you a little longer to digest what’s in it.”
“It doesn’t matter. However long it takes, I’ll read it, I promise. Have you shown these to anybody else? The diary and the drawings, I mean?”
“Only Granddad knows about the diary. The rest of my family have seen my sketches but not the diary.”
Sara hugged the diary to her chest. “I won’t share anything in here. With anyone – not even Lucy, and certainly not my Mom.”
Jared laughed. “I would definitely not show it to your Mother. I don’t know her, but I don’t think she would understand.”
Sara laughed too. “Nor do I.”
They went back in the kitchen, and Jared grabbed his keys off the key rack. “I guess I better get you home – it’s a quarter to one. Meet me out front. I’ll get my car. ” He left out the back door. 
Sara gathered her guitar and things and went out front. 
Jared screeched the car to a stop, and then leaned across, swinging the passenger door open. Sara got in and fastened her seatbelt. Jared turned some music on – too loud to comfortably talk above. Apparently, he didn’t want to talk on the way to Lucy’s. Did I do something wrong? Jared’s mood had changed dramatically. He was distant.
------------
Jared pulled into Lucy’s drive, parking behind Sara’s car. He hit the parking brake and left the engine idling. He didn’t plan on staying long. He swung her guitar over his shoulder and walked her to the door. Sara unlocked it and turned, not quite knowing what to do, or how to end this magical night. Jared put his hands on her shoulders, leaned his head down and kissed her, but as the kiss deepened, Jared ended it. 
Sara was a little surprised. “Do you want to come in for a coffee or tea or something?” Please, I’m not ready to let you go.
Jared fought stinging tears. He stared into her eager eyes for a while. He gently brushed her cheek with his fingertips and smiled; his voice a whisper. “I’d better not. It’s late, and I’ve got a full patient load tomorrow. Afterwards, I have a staff meeting, so I might not see you.”
Sara’s heart sank. Already he was making excuses not to see her again. She lowered her head and frowned. Jared used his index finger to lift her chin. “That’s not all, I’m afraid.” Sara swallowed the lump in her throat and waited. “After tomorrow, I’ve got two days of inspection, so I really need to concentrate on getting everything ready. If I’ve got you on my mind, I can’t do that.”
Sara felt a tad of rejection in the pit of her stomach. “So I won’t see you for what, three days?”
Jared headed back to his car. “Maybe four, depends. I’ll call you. In the meantime, read the diary.”
Sara waited until Jared turned around, and waved goodbye. He blew her a kiss, and then he was gone. She heard Jared’s tires squeal against the road as he hit the main highway, shifted gears, and disappeared into the night. She stood there, dumbfounded for a moment before going inside. Silent tears slid down her cheek.
She took a quick shower, put on her bedclothes, and crawled between the covers. She glanced at the diary, resting on her nightstand, and contemplated reading it. Finally, she decided to wait until she was fully awake for that. She laid her cell on the nightstand, next to the diary, half-expecting Jared to call her as he had previously. When he didn’t she shut off her light, drifted to sleep, and was soon dreaming.
From memory, Sara replayed the day. It was lovely until she got to the part where Jared had held her out over the cliff. 
In her dream, it wasn’t just her green ribbon that went over the cliff. When she reached for it, Jared’s hands slipped off her waist. Sara went over the edge, falling for what seemed an eternity. As she saw the ground coming ever closer to her, she had resolved that this was her end. Before she hit the ground, Sara woke up, frightened, crying and drenched in a cold sweat.  She wanted to scream, but she held it in for fear of waking Lucy, peacefully snoring in her room. 
Sara read the clock on her nightstand, 3:30am. She’d been asleep for a couple of hours, but to her, it felt like days. She was afraid to go back to sleep. She didn’t want to know how the dream ended. She grabbed her notebook, and started jotting down a few words about her dream. Sara had a suitable melody playing in her head. She would have played it on Lucy’s upright piano, but again she didn’t want to wake Lucy.
Sara suffered in silence – wishing she could pick up her cell, and call Jared. Wishing she could feel his arms around her. Hoping that last night wasn’t all they would have. If it were, Sara would go back into her dream, allow herself to hit the bottom, and die in her sleep.

Chapter 4
The next morning, Lucy and Sara, had their normal chitchat before Lucy dashed off to work. Sara had a duty to perform. One she’d been dreading like a trip to the dentist – calling her mother. This time, Kaye was bound to admonish Sara about her wanton ways. Sara knew Kaye had been rehearsing this lecture since she’d called Lucy the first time. 
Sara took a shower, got dressed, made her bed, and did whatever other things that needed doing around the house first – anything to stall. Finally, there was nothing left to do. Sara had run out of excuses. She sat down at the kitchen table, pushed her mother’s speed button, and prepared for the worst. Kaye answered after just two rings.
“Hi Mom, it’s me. Lucy said you called, and wanted to talk to me.”
“Which time would that be?” Kaye’s voice was flat with agitation.
“Look, Mom, I’m sorry I haven’t been here the last couple of times you called but….”
“You haven’t been there any of the times I’ve called,” Kaye interjected. “What’s going on, and don’t say you were at the movies. I know you don’t like them that much, but then I hadn’t expected my sister to tell me the truth.”
“Mom, it’s not Lucy’s fault, so don’t blame her. She just didn’t want you to get all upset over nothing. I – ah - I met this guy and we’ve been….”
“I knew it!” Kaye snapped. “I knew there was something like that going on. Sara, don’t do something stupid!”
“I’m not Mom, it’s not like that. Well, we’re more than friends but….”
“You’d just better behave yourself young lady, and be by that phone the next time I call. I didn’t let you go off up there, so you could shack up with the first boy that came along…..”
“Mom you didn’t let me come!” Sara’s voice was a little angrier than she’d intended. She knew better than to use that tone of voice with her mother. It would only make matters worse, but Kaye had a way of pushing all the wrong buttons. 
Sara softened her voice. “Mom, I’m not sleeping with Jared. We’re close, but he’s not that type of person. He’s sweet and polite and proper, and…” she stalled, knowing the reaction she would get.
“And?” Kaye prompted.
Sara grimaced. “He’s Navajo.”
“Navajo! You mean he’s an Indian!” Kaye had reacted exactly as Sara had expected her to.
“Native American – yes. His parents and grandfather live in Arizona.”
Kaye was seething. “I see,” she hissed. “And just how did you meet this, Jared?” she asked, making his name sound like a disease.
“Jared owns ‘Raging Storm’, the….”
“And just what is that? A race horse?” Kaye’s voice was filled with contempt.
Sara rolled her eyes and sighed deeply. “No Mother. It’s the name of the country band Luce and I…” Sara winced. Kaye didn’t like casual names for family members older than you were. Sara rephrased her reply. “I meant Aunt Lucy and me are a part of.”
“Just as I suspected – your music again. Sara, you can’t make any money at it. You’re good, Honey, but singing is just not a sound career choice. Have you found a job yet?”
Sara was fighting to control her temper. She felt cornered. “No, not yet….” 
 “Have you even looked?” Kaye’s voice was mocking.
“No - not yet.”
“Sara, you need to get a job and help your Aunt pay some bills – pull your own weight, instead of sitting on your butt, and expecting her to do everything.”
Sara tightened her jawline, speaking through clenched teeth. “Mom… I’m not going to sit on my butt – honestly! Give me a little credit – I’m not a child anymore.”
“You might look like an adult but deep down you’re a little girl, one that can easily be taken advantage of. You just better be careful young lady. I’m not having a bunch of your little bastards running around my house. If you get yourself in trouble, you’re on your own – do you understand me?”
Sara sighed, trying to hold on to the last few strands of her frayed nerves. Kaye’s voice was starting to sound like long fingernails, dragged down a blackboard. Sara was rapidly losing the battle. “Mom, I already told you, I’m not sleeping with Jared.” Not that I would turn him down.
“You might not be now, but if you do… you better get yourself some kind of protection Sara.”
Sara sighed, exasperated. “I’m hanging up now Mom! I thought we could have an adult conversation about this, but obviously I was wrong.”
“Don’t you smart mouth me little girl. I’m your mother, and you will respect me, whether you’re under my roof or not and further more….”
That was it. Sara couldn’t take anymore. After the way last night had ended, Sara wasn’t in the mood for this. “Bye Mom. I love you.” She ended the call in the middle of Kaye’s comment. Sara was so upset, she switched off her cell. She knew she would get it in the neck, but she couldn’t deal with it right now. She was still confused at how Jared’s mood changed so suddenly, after she’d put her foot in her mouth yesterday. 
Sara went to her room, turned on some music, lit some incense, and took out the diary. She lay across the bed on her stomach, with her feet dangling in the air behind her. She used the key Jared had given her, and opened the lock on the diary. 
Inside the cover, on what should have been a blank page, Jared had scribbled all kinds of intricate designs and abstract art there. Sara turned to the first entry, and started reading. She looked for a date but couldn’t find one. Quickly flicking through the other pages, she found there were no dates on any of the entries. Sara thought that was a little odd. 
Due to Jared’s immaculate penmanship, Sara could easily read his words. His phrasing was so well articulated that it was more like reading a novel or autobiography, than a diary. As she began reading, Sara felt another pang of guilt – these were private thoughts – his thoughts.
Entry One, girl is around 10 years old:
‘Well, until last night, I thought Granddad’s silly stories were just that, stories. I woke up this morning, more cheerful than usual. I can’t understand why, but I had a feeling it had something to do with my conversation with Granddad, and a very vivid dream I had last night about a stranger, a pretty girl. 
I’m not sure whether Granddad’s story is what provided the paint for my elaborate dream, I suppose it could have. Granddad has always told me the legends about how our tribal leaders are supposed to dream about their perfect match. Then it’s our duty to find this person in the world of the waking. When we do, we’ll know them.
I really hadn’t believed him, and I’m not sure I do now, but I certainly had a dream last night about the most beautiful creature I’ve ever seen. She had long, silky brown hair that hung almost to her waist and deep golden brown eyes that reflected the sun. She couldn’t have been more than ten years old. Her long hair had been done up in two ponytails with red silk ribbons tied on both of them.
I was standing on the side of a cliff, looking out across the horizon when all of a sudden this girl appeared right beside me, about the same age as me, maybe five or six years younger. I asked her where she came from, and she said, “From your destiny.” I asked her why she was here, and she said, “Because I’m for you.” She must have been about ten or eleven years old.
We sat on the rock and talked for hours. Although she was a total stranger to me, I found it easy to talk to her. I felt as if I could tell her everything. She told me how she’d be waiting for me to find her and when I found her, she would be free.
I can’t explain the feeling I got sitting and talking with her. It was like talking with someone you’ve known for years. It was so easy.
I spoke to Granddad about my dream and about her, and he said what visited my dream was her inner spirit. The part of her that was eternal and knew no boundaries. I explained how, at first she was a little girl, about ten years old and then she changed to someone closer to my age. He said that was because she was coming to me from my future.
He said, in my future, she already knew about me. She also knew exactly when and where I would find her. He said, because I hadn’t met her yet, her inner spirit was bound to her body and through her dreams was the only way she could communicate with me. 
He said, the girl herself, didn’t know any of this because our inner spirits, aren’t allowed to reveal future events to its physical self. We’re only allowed to share that information with others connected and concerned with the event. He also said, she probably would never tell me her name – she wasn’t supposed to.
When I told him she didn’t appear to be one of our people, he said that was why she was so eager to reveal things in my dreams, because she probably couldn’t see the visions as I did, unless she had the gene from our people. He said because I was not able to affect her dreams as she did mine, should I choose a different direction; I could not alert her so that she would no longer feel the need to communicate with me in my dreams. Because I was Dine'é Kay-Yah, and of royal blood, I alone possessed the power to end my visions if I willed it. If I chose another mate, I could stop her from visiting my dreams. I would never do that! I don’t want another mate. I want her! No one else!
I guess I’ll just have to be content to wait for her to visit my dreams instead of me being able to visit hers. I’m not sure I believe the stories he told me, but if they are true and she does exist somewhere other than in my dreams, and if she’s out there waiting for me to find her, I will find her. If it takes the rest of my life and I have to follow her to the ends of the Earth, I will find her. I’ve never felt so strongly compelled about anything before. I know this is something I have to do – no matter what!’
Entry Two, Second Dream. The girl is about 13 years old:
‘It’s been a few years since I dreamed of the girl. I wasn’t really expecting to ever dream of her again, but last night, I did. She now looks to be around twelve or thirteen, and she’s at some kind of party, maybe her birthday party. She’s opening gifts and eating cake, and she seems happy. I’m glad for that. I want her to be happy – even if it’s without me.
She seems to be able to bring me in her dreams as both a contributor and an observer. I’m watching her now. I don’t think she knows I’m here because she hasn’t acknowledged me yet. 
A lady, perhaps a sister or an Aunt has given her a guitar as a present. She must have wanted it badly. If I could have been with her, I would have given it to her long ago, if I knew she wanted one. I would give her the moon if she asked for it.
She’s looked up and seen that I’m here. She’s walked away from her friends and family, and now she’s moving toward me. She’s smiling.
“It’s so good to see you again,” she said, hugging me. “I’ve missed you.” She gave me a strange look. “You haven’t been thinking about me lately, have you? You’ve been thinking about someone else, another girl named Eve.” Why, I don’t know, but I felt bad, almost guilty as if I’d cheated on her.
“I’m sorry,” I said. “I thought you were just a silly dream brought on by my Granddad’s old stories.”
She smiled and held up her hand. “It’s all right. I don’t mind. You’re older. Your life is moving at a faster pace, our paths have not crossed in the waking world. I don’t expect you to devote yourself to a dream. You shouldn’t feel guilty for loving someone, anyone. I know it’s just temporary, and if you change your mind about me, you will let me know. I don’t expect you to think of nothing but me. Live your life. Enjoy yourself; I know you will find me when the time is right. I’ve got a few more years of growing to do.
I was eager to know. “When will you come to me again?” I asked.
She smiled. “Oh, I’ll be around. Unless you start thinking about me, or you need me, I probably won’t bother you again until there’s an important event in my life. Maybe on my sixteenth birthday. Would you like to share that with me as you have my thirteenth birthday?”
“Yes, I would,” I said. “I would rather have you with me all the time. It’s lonely without you.”
“Then I’ll spend my sweet sixteenth birthday with you. I’ve gotta go now.”
“What? No! Wait! Must you go so soon? You’ve just got here. What’s your name? The last time you visited me, you didn’t tell me your name.”
She sighed, “No,” she said. “I’m not allowed to tell you that, nor are you allowed to tell me yours. We will know that, only when we meet in the waking world.”
Mist started to gather around us. She blew me a kiss. I blinked, and she was gone.
This is driving me nuts. Here am I, ready to ask Eve to be my wife, and now this. Perfect timing, dream girl. This is going beyond ridiculous. They’re nothing but old stories! They’re just dreams. Why can’t I get her off my mind? I’m not going to be guided by a figment of my imagination. I know what I want. I want Eve, and I’m going to marry her too. The girl in my dreams is probably her, although I don’t understand why her hair is dark in my dreams, and Eve’s is golden.’
Those last few words hurt Sara. She realized how close Jared came to choosing someone else. What if she wasn’t who he thought she was? Did she have the right to try and fill somebody else’s shoes? Someone by fate that Jared was destined to spend his life with?
Entry Three. The girl is 16 years old:
‘I know the girl in my dreams is not just a figment of my imagination. She said she would come to me again when she was sixteen, and I have counted off the years, and they match. I also know she spoke truthfully when she said Eve was temporary. I asked her to marry me, and she said no. I offered to move back to Australia with her, but she said she didn’t want to get serious. I can’t take this anymore. I’m so confused. I have to find a way to end this pain. I’m leaving in the morning. I can’t stand this ache. Does no one love me? Is there no one out there for me?
That was the last thing on my mind as I closed my eyes. It was nice to sleep out under the open sky. I didn’t even bother trying to find a hotel. I didn’t want to be around people. Almost immediately, as sleep took me away, she was there, answering the question for me.
“Yes, someone loves you. I do and I always will. Stop feeling sorry for yourself. You knew she was only going to be with you for a while – I told you that. Don’t you remember? You know she’s not right for you.”
“You’re back!” I exclaimed. I was so glad to see her. I hugged her and held her in my arms, and before I realized what I was doing, I kissed her. I didn’t really expect to be able to feel her but I did. Her lips were warm and moist, real. Her body was warm and solid against mine. She kissed me back.
“I thought I’d lost you,” I said.
She shook her head and smiled, “Never! As long as this body breathes, I’m yours. And even when life no longer lives on this plane, I will still love you and wait for you to join me, should I go first. I will never leave you unless you tell me to go. You’re closer to me now. Look for Cross Lake. Follow the green and purple tunnel. Go there and wait for me. I still have a few more years before I’m with you. Please, try and be patient. I’m as anxious to be with you as you are to be with me.”
“How old are you?”
She laughed, “Don’t you believe anything I tell you? Think about when I said I would visit you again. Don’t be deceived. Others will cloud your path as they have before. The closer you get to me, the fewer clues I’m allowed to give you. Everything must be done according to your choosing.” She started to pull away from me and I could feel her fading.
“You’re leaving again, aren’t you?” I said. She nodded her head and started to cry. “I wish I could be with you now,” I said, trying to hold on to her but she was losing tangibility.
“I know. I wish I could be with you now too. Don’t be troubled. What you see is only for now and not for the future. He will not last, just as Eve did not last. We will be together soon. Remember,” she said with a wave goodbye, “Patience is a virtue.” Then she was gone again.’
Entry Four. Not Part of My Dream girl – Just an update on my life leading up to what I hope will be to find her.
‘I found the place she told me to, Cross Lake. It took a while but thanks to the Internet, I was successful. At least I hope I have the right one! There were several entries, but knowing how this thing worked, I chose the first one. Shreveport Louisiana. 
I’ve applied for a job at the hospital as an Emergency doctor. I made friends with a genetic engineer named Gary Browne. He runs the research department of a place called D’Netics, over near LSU-Med. He’s a freaking genius when it comes to DNA and gene therapy. Someday, that guy is going to make history – I can just feel it. 
I spent the next couple of weeks looking for a place to live. I’ve got my eye on a big old plantation house that Gary told me about. It’s kind of out of my reach right now. The darn thing is tied up in some kind of inheritance dispute but the old lady is at death’s door. Maybe it will be up for sale soon. Hopefully her son won’t want the house then. I’ll bide my time and hope. I don’t know why I feel so drawn to this place, but I have a feeling this is where I should be. Maybe it has something to do with her, my dream girl. I really miss her.
A couple more weeks have passed and I got the job I wanted and the salary was to die for. Apparently, it has something to do with the fact I’m Navajo – or so they think. Funny, I never thought me being what I am would work to my advantage but apparently, I’m a minority. Hey, I can live with that. I can really bring ‘Raging Storm’ out now and I can start putting some money away for my house. I will have it! My dream girl still hasn’t shown up – I’m beginning to think she’s never coming again, but I’m still hopeful. I have so many things I want to share with her. 
I’ve been drawing sketches of my dreams. Some are a little fuzzy and could use a little clarity, but I’ve drawn them the way I saw them. It seems, the clearer my dreams are, the easier it is for me to sketch them. I wonder if they will help me convince her she’s for me when I find her. I want her to see my secret place. I would never show it to another living soul. That’s my place, our place, just ours!
Well, I’ve got one hell of a country band going. Steve and Carl’s neighbor, Lucy Ripley, has joined the band. She’s hot but she’s not my type. I don’t like blondes anymore. I guess I’m just doomed to live the rest of my life without finding my dream girl. At least I’m staying busy.’ 
Entry Five: Wisteria Hall
‘Oh man, can my luck get any better. Ok, I know I’m a doctor, and I’m supposed to live for the preservation of life but the passing of this life has given me another piece of my dream. Thanks to Gary Browne, and his cousin Donna Rigden, Wisteria Hall is mine! 
Just got a good look at the inside of the house and the rest of the grounds. This is not going to be easy but I’m going to enjoy it. I’ve drawn up all the plans, hired the crews and work has begun. Each thing I do here, reminds me more of her, my dream girl. I can’t wait to show it to her. I can’t wait to share it with her.
Well, it took almost a year, but it’s done. I thought the house was my crowning glory, now I have a fully equipped recording studio out back. The band really enjoys working here and so do I. 
Lucy said something about her niece coming to live with her when school was out this year. I wonder what she’ll be like. Maybe I can spend some time with her. I’m really getting lonely. I’ve been spending all this time on the Hall, and now that it’s finished, I don’t have anything to do with my time. I need something to do. 
Kim at work has been giving me the eye. And then there’s Donna, Gary Browne’s cousin. Donna sounds like a nice girl and all, and she does look a lot like the girl in my dreams, but then too much doesn’t fit. I appreciate Donna’s help in securing Wisteria Hall for me. From what Gary tells me, I think she kind of has a crush on me because of the band, but, what kind of relationship could we have, if I’m still in love with my dreams? 
Steve tells me I should live a little. He says I’ve been using this mysterious dream to keep me from getting on with my life. Sometimes, late at night, when I’m lying awake and can’t sleep, I wonder if he might be right. Maybe I should give Donna a chance, but then again, maybe not. It wouldn’t be fair to have her assume we might have some kind of future together when there’s another woman on my mind. No! I’ve held an angel in my arms and after that, nothing can compare. I want my dream girl! She still hasn’t come again, but then she said she wouldn’t. I guess I should have believed her but I want her with me. I desperately need her. There’s a missing part of me, and because of all the clues she’s given me, I’ll know when I’ve found her. Granddad, I’ll find that missing part – the other half of me. I wish I had her now - guess I’m not being so patient.’
Entry Six – She’s here! She’s here! She’s here!
‘I had given up the idea of having my dream girl with me. I had completely put her out of my conscious mind. Well, maybe not completely. I guess it’s a good thing my sub-conscious mind held onto her because at last, I have beheld her and now I know her name. It’s Sara Foster. She’s everything and more than the girl in my dreams. She is the girl in my dreams; I can feel it. When she stands next to me, it’s as if a missing piece of me has come home. The touch of her hand in mine sends chills down my spine.
I was across the street at Steve and Carl’s, just chilling when a strange car pulled in behind Lucy’s. I watched her get out. I wondered who she was. She’s apparently come to stay with Lucy and she had a lot of what looked like heavy luggage so I thought I would be a gentleman and help them out.
Sara was bent over, digging deep in the trunk of her car, trying to retrieve some of her books. I noticed she had long dark brown silky hair. Could it be her? Come on Jared, get it together, you’re losing it again. Just do what you came to do. Help them get the stuff in, say hello and get on with life. I stood there, watching her, something terribly familiar about her. “You look like you could use a hand,” I said, innocently.
She let out a little yelp and banged her head on the top of the trunk lid. I don’t like to brag, but I think she might have been dazzled by what she saw when she looked up at me. It was either my looks or the fact that she saw the blood on her hand when she touched her head, because she looked like she was going to faint. “Easy there! Are you all right?” I asked, helping her to stand up.
Her eyes met mine and I thought I was going to lose it. I wanted to take her into my arms and never let her go. It was all I could do to dress her wound. It wasn’t as bad as it looked. I decided she wouldn’t need stitches. Then, feeling desperate for some reason to keep her with me, I asked her to go for a walk and she accepted. She didn’t pull away when I took her hand as we crossed the street. Her hand in mine felt so natural. Almost as natural as breathing. How am I ever going to make myself leave her, but I have to. She told me I would have to take it slow. I really am trying to. 
I’m not going to write anything else in here, because I feel this journey has met its end. And, even if it hasn’t, and even if Sara may not be the girl in my dreams, she’s enough for me, everything fits. The girl in my dreams will just have to find someone else. I’ve found what I’m looking for and I’m going after it!’
Jared loves Sara! Forever!
Sara read the last few lines again. 
‘I’m not going to write anything else in here, because I feel like this journey has met its end. And, even if it hasn’t, and even if Sara may not be the girl in my dreams, she’s enough for me, everything fits. The girl in my dreams will just have to find someone else. I’ve found what I’m looking for and I’m going after it!’
Sara wiped the tears from her eyes and ran her fingers over the last written words as she read them again.
‘Jared loves Sara! Forever!’
Slowly, Sara closed the diary and sat on the side of her bed. Her head filled with so many confusing thoughts that she couldn’t think straight. How am I supposed to take this? Who are Gary Browne and Donna Rigden? If they and Jared are friends, why hasn’t he introduced us – especially Donna? He seems to have a soft spot for her. What if…? 
Sara had always believed in love at first sight but, this went beyond that, far beyond it. This was even beyond scary. It didn’t occur in the real world, not in her world. Sara’s world was filled with pain, loss and disappointment. This couldn’t be meant for me. “What should I do?” she mused. “Should I just let things stay the way they are? If Jared’s dream girl were Kim or Donna, obviously he hadn’t gave either of them a chance. I wonder….”
Sara booted her laptop. Since she didn’t have a last name for Kim, she searched for Donna Rigden with reference to Gary Browne and D’Netics. She started the search and waited. There were several references to Gary Browne and D’Netics, but only one for Donna Rigden. Sara truly wasn’t that interested in what Donna had done or accomplished. She was searching for a picture, and she found one. Sara’s mouth gaped. To the side of an article about genetic research and heart disease was a smiling face much like Sara’s. She narrowed her eyes as a pang of jealously shot through her, then sadness, guilt, regret. “Oh God! This is hard. Am I being selfish? What certainty do I have that it’s her? This isn’t fair. I found him first. Don’t I deserve happiness?”
Sara thought she’d been in love before, but this wasn’t how it had felt. She was so confused. She wanted Jared, that was a fact, but could she be so selfish as to try and fill shoes that were never meant for her to wear? Could she live with the fact, that she might be preventing Donna or someone else from getting what truly was never Sara’s? Could she be strong, and love Jared enough to let him go? To let him be with the one he was destined to be with?
------------
Sara stood, and ran her hand through her hair, pacing back and forth, the short distance from her bed to the opposite wall. She knew Jared would expect some kind of response when she saw him again. But, when would she see him again? Sara glanced at her watch. She’d been reading his diary for the last hour, and it seem like she had only just opened the book. Where did time go?
She went into the kitchen and fixed a sandwich. She went outside to get the mail. Steve’s head was under the hood of his jeep, fiddling with something. He was always fiddling under the hood. He closed it and then picked up the water hose. Surely, he’s not going to wash it again! “Didn’t he just wash that thing yesterday? He must wash the damn jeep every day,” she mused.
Sara called out to Steve, and he waved. She grabbed the handful of flyers and bills that usually cluttered Lucy’s mailbox. Lucy was always sending off for this and that, and of course, when they got her address they started sending junk mail to her. Sara had tried to warn her about this, but Lucy wouldn’t listen.
Sara tucked the mail under her arm and started back inside the house. An idea struck her. She stopped, and decided to talk to Steve. Sara needed to confide in somebody, and she wasn’t prepared to wait another four hours for Lucy to get home. She went back inside the house and tossed the mail on the table. Sara quickly made another sandwich, grabbed hers, and hurried across the street.
------------
Steve playfully pretended he was going to spray Sara with the water hose. “You better not do that, unless you want a soggy snack,” she said, handing him the paper plate.
“What’s this?”
“A snack. Aren’t you hungry? I figured, with all the work you’ve been doing on that jeep, you’d be starving!”
Steve wiped his hands on a towel and sat on the step by his front porch. “I was about to order a pizza.”
“Where’s Carl?”
Steve stuffed a quarter of the sandwich in his mouth. “He had to work today. If you wanna chill, I could still order us a pizza….” 
Sara sighed. “Not unless you want one.”
Steve grinned. “That would depend on how long you can stay.”
“That would depend on how long you want to put up with me – until Lucy gets home?”
Steve laughed. “I might be able to stand you that long. What’s up Sara?”
 “What do you mean?” Sara tried acting innocently.
“Come on. You’re like Lucy. When something’s bothering her and she needs to talk, she always tries to feed me – not that I mind.” Like when Jared gave her the brush off for his dream girl.
Sara laughed and blushed. “I didn’t know that. I do need to talk about something but what I say has to be kept between us. You can’t tell a soul not even Carl and especially not Jared.”
Steve eyed Sara suspiciously. “Oh Gee – this sounds serious,” he responded, contemplating. “Yeah, shoot - I can keep my trap shut,” he said laughing, “At least as long as you stuff food in it.”
Sara punched him in the arm. “I’m serious Steve.”
He rubbed his arm and grimaced. “I’m sorry. I was just kidding.  I won’t tell a soul.”
“I really feel guilty talking to you about this. Maybe I shouldn’t, I promised I wouldn’t’ say anything about it.”
“Come on Sara, let’s have it. My mouth is sealed. Upon my last drop of blood, and my last breath, I will not tell.”
“All right. How long have you and Jared been friends?”
Steve laughed. “Forever, at least it seems that way. Let me see, I’d say we’ve known each other for at least six or seven years. Why?”
“I was just curious. Has he ever talked to you about me?”
“Oh yeah, all the time. I’m so freaking jealous! Jared gets the looks. He gets the job. He gets the money, and now, he gets the girl too. It can’t be fair for Jared to have all the luck, especially the part about getting the girl?”
Sara smiled. She was flattered Steve thought of her that way. But Sara didn’t need flattery – she needed answers. She ignored Steve’s failed attempt at flirting with her. “What has he told you?” she prompted.
“Now hang on Sara! That’s not a fair question. Just like what you tell me, what he tells me is private too. You know - the guy thing.”
“Ok, let me rephrase it then,” she persisted. “Has he ever said anything to you about me before I moved in with Lucy?”
Steve drew in a deep breath and blew it out between his lips. “I don’t know if you could say he was actually talking about you. He did have this one girl, but even when they were together, he kept talking about a girl he’d seen in his dreams.”
“Did he ever mention her name?”
“No, he said he never found out her name. She wouldn’t tell him, said she wasn’t supposed to. He was crazy about her though. I thought he was a little fruity, but you know how those Indian legends go. Something about finding his perfect match.”
“Do you think he’s forgotten her now?”
Steve looked up at her and laughed. “With you being around – yes! Jared is pretty into you, if you know what I mean.”
“Yeah, I do. I hope I’m not coming between them.”
“What - his dream girl? Nah! Jared’s always made up his own mind. I don’t think he would let a dream determine his future,” Steve laughed. “Who knows? If there’s anything to his dreams, you might be her. If not, I wouldn’t let it bother you. Since you’ve come along, he doesn’t talk about her anymore.”
Sara knew differently. It was written in Jared’s diary, how he felt about this mystery girl, and it wasn’t her.
“I would like to believe I’m the girl in his dreams, but what if I’m not? What if I’m keeping him from what he deserves? All I want is for him to be happy, even if that means he’s with somebody else.”
“Sara, you’re far too noble. If I was Jared, and you looked at me the way you look at him, I wouldn’t waste my time on dreams. I’d hang on to what’s in front of me. Something that’s real. I think I know Jared well enough to say, he feels the same.”
“It doesn’t matter anyway. He’ll probably never want to see me again.”
“My God Sara! What did you do? Try to castrate him?”
Sara smiled. “No. I guess I’m just the wrong girl asking the wrong questions.” She stood to leave.
Steve stood. “Wait a minute… I thought you were gonna chill with me till Luce got home.”
Sara sighed. “No offence Steve, but I need to be alone. I think I might go for a drive or something.”
Oh no! Oh shit! Think of something fast. Stop her! “Hang on Sara! Did you and Jared have a fight?” That’s good Steve. Keep her talking. Maybe she’ll change her mind.
“No, we didn’t have a fight. I could have handled that. Silence is what I can’t stand. I’ll see you later. Could you do me a favor? Would you tell Lucy I may not be back, but I’ll call her later and let her know I’m all right?”
Steve’s eyes widened. Even without meaning to, it seemed as if he’d said too much. Oh shit! I can’t let her leave like this! “You’re not leaving Shreveport, are you? You just got here! What about Raging Storm? It won’t be the same without you!”
Tears were starting to glaze Sara’s eyes at the thought of leaving. “Yeah, I know, and I was really starting to like it here. I can’t stay, not knowing my being here is going to mess things up for Jared. Will you tell her for me?”
Steve looked worried but smiled at her. “Sure thing Sara, but what happens if Jared wants to know where you are. What do I tell him?” He’s going to kill me!
“Just tell him I finished reading his book and he needs to keep looking.”
Steve was confused. “Huh?”
“Just tell him - he’ll know what I mean.”
Steve stared at Sara’s back as he watched her leave. “Oh man!” he mused. “What am I going to do? If anything happens to her it’s going to be my fault, and Jared is literally going to kill me!”
------------
Sara walked back across the street, got in her car and turned on some music. She turned it up loud, so it would drown out the voice yelling in her head. 
This is a mistake Sara. Your biggest one yet! 
Sara knew the voice was just her weakened will. Walking away from Jared was going to be hard, but she had to do it, for his sake and not her own. 
As she pulled out of the drive, Sara didn’t know where she was going. She just felt as if she needed to go somewhere. She had to put some distance between her and Jared. She didn’t want to hurt him or stand in his way.
“How am I going to deal with this?” she mused.  The voice in her head got louder, so she turned her music up louder still. She stamped on the accelerator and headed away from Shreveport.
------------
Sara had driven for a couple of hours, not actually paying attention to where she was. She should have paid more attention to detail; if she had, she would have realized her car was running low on gas. That little mistake was taken care of when the car started cutting out up one of the steep hills. By pumping the accelerator, she managed to convince her car to make it up the hill, and onto the shoulder. 
Dreadfully, she looked down at the gas gauge, and immediately remembered she hadn’t filled-up since she moved in with Lucy, three days ago. Sara hadn’t driven anywhere, so she didn’t need to. When she left Shreveport, refueling her car or doing something sensible, like making sure she had some bottled water, hadn’t crossed her mind.
“Well this is nice,” she mused. “Sara, you’re so irresponsible, cars won’t go without gas.” She felt stupid now. She was a failure, even at letting go. Sara couldn’t even run away properly. At least she’d remembered to bring her cell. She switched it back on. Sara had turned it off when she left. She didn’t want anybody, especially Jared, calling her, until she was far enough away that she couldn’t be followed. 
“No signal,” she mused. “Ok - a bad situation just got worse!”

Chapter 5
Sara opened the door to her air-conditioned Crown Victoria, and blazing hot, humid air hit her in the face. She darned near crawled back in the car where it was refreshing; outside, it must have been at least ninety degrees. Sara got out, leaning her back against the car, moving her cell about – no signal. She walked a few feet around and away from the car – no signal. Panic started to creep up the back of her throat. She took several deep breaths, calming her nerves, so she could think this through logically. 
“Great,” she mused. “Now I’m starting to sound like Mr. Spock. No, I’m not,” she argued. “If I were, I wouldn’t be in this predicament in the first place. Calm down Sara.” She knew if she panicked, she wouldn’t be able to think straight. She would do something irresponsible – like running off by herself without making sure her car had enough gas! “Note to self,” she said. “In future, when running away from love – make sure the car has gas!”
“Ok, ok – think Sara! What are your choices?”
After a few seconds of inner-debate, Sara reasoned she had three choices. One - she could keep walking around and hope the cell picked up a signal. 
Two - she could sit in the car until someone came along, but since she hadn’t seen a car in over half an hour, that option didn’t look particularly promising. 
Three - she could get out and start walking until she found a store or a house where she could use the phone. 
Sara had heard of stories, where the girls or women knocked on doors for help, and got raped or killed. Even still, this option sounded safer than the other two. If she were lucky, she would find a gas station where she could call someone. “But who do I call?”
Of course, the first person she thought about was Jared, but she couldn’t call him. Jared was the person she was running from. Even if, he still wanted to see her, he would probably be mad at her. Sara fought stinging tears, sighed deeply, and pushed that possibility aside. Sara thought about calling Lucy. She might be upset, but Sara could deal with that, or she could call Steve. He might call her stupid, but at least he wouldn’t look at her with accusing eyes. One thing was for certain, standing around wasn’t getting anything done; Sara needed to do something, or she was going to fry in this heat. 
“Boy, I picked a nice day for a hike – not!” she mused. “I wish I’d thought to at least bring some bottled water with me.” Sara also wished she’d worn different clothes. At least her jeans and T-shirt would have protected her from sunburn. Her halter set wasn’t going to do that. “Then again, I wish I’d remembered to - no,” she mused. “I won’t beat myself up anymore. I can’t change it now. Now is the time to act, not for panic and regrets!” 
Sara wrote a note and wedged it under her windshield wiper, telling whoever might come looking for her, which direction she went. She shielded her eyes with her arm, glanced up at the sun, and then put on her sunshades. At least she had those. They stayed in her glove compartment. 
It was still a long time until dark; so hopefully, Sara would find some place before then. Surely, there had to be some kind of populated community out here somewhere. She started walking. “I’m glad I wore my sneakers this morning. Sandals or knee-boots would have been disastrous!”
------------
An hour later, Sara was still walking, and to be honest, she hadn’t tried to flag anyone down. Every time she heard a car or something coming, Sara thought about stopping them, but fear ruled out, and she’d hid in the edge of the trees until it passed. Then she’d start walking again. 
Sweat was dripping down the sides of her temples and under her hair at the base of her neck. She stopped and rummaged through her purse, finding a hair tie. Using it, she piled her hair high on top of her head. Sara didn’t have a mirror, so she had no way of knowing just how straight it was. She honestly didn’t care. At least the breeze could blow on her neck now – that helped. When it blew, there was hardly any at all.
Sara walked, for perhaps another quarter of a mile or so, and sat on the cool grass under a huge oak. It felt good to relax. Her feet were aching from the hot, hard asphalt shoulder. Sara reasoned it must have been at least ninety degrees, and with the humidity factor and the heat rising off the road, it made it another five degrees above that. 
Her throat was parched, and her lips were getting dry. She licked them to try and keep them from cracking. Then Sara remembered her Carmex – it wasn’t in her purse. She’d already tried some bubblegum flavored lip gloss, but all it had done was dry up and leave her lips sticky, which made her even thirstier. 
It was way past lunch. Sara’s stomach growled reminding her, she hadn’t brought anything to eat or drink. “That sandwich didn’t last long. Man, what I wouldn’t give for an ice cream sundae right now,” she mused. Regardless of how hungry she was, Sara probably would have bathed in the ice cream, rather than eat it. She rested a few more minutes, and started walking again. Sara had decided to try to get a signal on her cell as soon as she reached the top of the steep hill she’d been climbing.
About halfway up the hill, Sara felt her cell vibrate against her left hip. She breathed a sigh of relief. Rescued! She reached for it and stopped. “Oh God! What if it’s him?”
 Sara knew Jared would be mad. Why shouldn’t he be? Maybe it was Lucy or Steve, or even her mother. Sara would rather have talked to any of them, than Jared. She hoped for someone else, but Sara’s gut feeling screamed it was Jared. She squeezed her eyes shut, and held her cell where she could see the name on the screen through a tiny crack. Her fears were confirmed. It was him. She swallowed hard, put on a plastic smile and tried to sound cheerful – not out of breath, as she was.
“Hi Jared.”
“Where in the hell are you? Sara! I’ve been trying to call you for over an hour.” 
Sara was right. He was seething. She looked around, but nothing was familiar. “I don’t know Jared. Does it really matter where I am?” she countered.
Jared softened his voice, but only slightly. “What do you mean, does it matter? Of course, it matters.” 
Sara reasoned it was his professional way of negotiating with a crazy person. “Jared I….”
“You’re off on your own, in a strange place, in this heat. Do you have any water with you?” he interjected.
Her voice was timid. “No….”
“What?” He was yelling again. 
Sara started to cry. Even with all her doubt, she’d come back to life at the sound of his voice. Jared was seething mad at her, but still, Sara took comfort that he was this close – on the other end of the line.
“What were you thinking Sara? Are you trying to drive me crazy? If anything had happened to you….”
Now Sara felt guilty. She hadn’t thought about how her leaving would affect Jared. She thought about how noble she was to walk away. “No, I….”
“Of all the incredibly irresponsible things you could do. Sara, it’s ninety degrees in the shade. You’ll dehydrate or have a heat stroke – whichever comes first. I’m at your car – again!” He was starting to sound exasperated and scared too. “Where are you?”
“Again?”
“Yes, I found your note, and I’ve gone all the way to the next town, which is eighteen miles away. There was no sign of you.”
Sara laughed sarcastically. 
Jared groaned. “I fail to see what you find funny. Sara, you could die out here. What if somebody had stopped and - never mind, I don’t even want to think of that. I’m coming to get you. Where are you?”
Tears were streaming down Sara’s face. Although well deserved, Jared’s anger hurt her more than she wanted it to. Yes, she was stupid. Yes, she should have made better arrangements. But right now, she would have thought Jared would have been more interested in finding her and getting her to safety than lecturing her. Sara already knew she’d messed up. Did he need to rub salt in the wounds? “I don’t know!” she cried. 
Jared sighed deeply. “All right. Don’t cry. You’ll only dehydrate yourself more. Calm down and I’ll try to calm down myself. I just can’t believe you’re doing this to me – to us – after everything I’ve told you. Did you walk in the direction you said?”
“Yes,” Sara sniffed.
“All right. How long have you been walking?”
“I don’t know - an hour - maybe two.”
“And you walked in - that’s not possible Sara! Unless you’ve made yourself invisible, I should have seen you.”
“That would be my fault. I was too chicken to stay on the side of the road. When I heard something coming, I hid in the trees.”
Jared laughed. “Sara, you silly girl. Do you have anything in your purse you can tie on a tree? A ribbon, a scarf – anything?”
“Um, I don’t know – hang on, I’ll look.” She searched through her purse. “No, I don’t.” 
He held his hand over the microphone and sighed. “Aargh!” Jared groaned. “Women carry the damn house in their purses, and this would be the one time mine doesn’t have anything!” He closed his eyes and took a deep calming breath. 
“Sara, are you wearing a bra?”
“What?” she gasped. 
“Are you wearing a bra?” he repeated, his voice steady, enunciating each word, he was serious.
“No – what’s that got to do with it?” She couldn’t believe he was asking such a stupid question.
“What are you wearing?”
“What do you think this is – a fashion show, I’m wearing a halter top and shorts!”
Jared laughed again. 
Sara started to cry. “Don’t laugh at me!”
“I’m not laughing at you. It’s just, well. If you thought my last question was presumptuous, this one is going to make me come across as a complete pervert….”
“What?”
“Listen for cars and make sure nothing is coming. I want you to take off your halter top, and tie it to a tree, next to the shoulder.”
Sara’s mouth fell open. She knew she must have hurt his ear. “What? I will not! Are you crazy? I’m turning to a piece of jerky out here, and you want me to strip for you? I’m hanging up now!” She couldn’t believe he was being so selfish and inconsiderate.
“Hang on! Don’t! Just listen to me. I don’t want to risk you sitting on the side of the road waiting for me. The wrong type of person may stop. Will you please just let me finish?”
Sara was angry now. “Go ahead, but you better have a good reason for this.”
“I do, trust me. I wouldn’t do anything to put you at risk. Once you’ve made sure no one is coming, take off your halter top, and quickly tie it on a tree by the road where I can see it. By the way, what color is it?”
“Green!”
“Great – that should make it easy to find among all the long leaf pines in this area. Never mind. I’ll just have to search carefully. Once you’ve tied it to the tree, get a fair distance into the brush, and make sure it’s well shaded. You’re probably already starting to dehydrate. Sit down, wait for me, I will find you as soon as I can.”
“What about wild animals?”
“Sara, a wild animal isn’t going to care if your topless or not.”
“I was more worried about becoming some wolf’s late lunch than being raped Jared!”
“They’ve got a better sense than to come out of their dens on a day like this – it’s too hot for them.”
“And I don’t? Is that what you’re implying, that a wild animal has more sense than I do? What if they have the same idea – laying in the shade, hoping for an easy kill?” Sara gulped. “Jared, I’m scared!”
“No – that wasn’t what I was implying. Calm down, Sara. You’re not stupid, you’re just confused. You’ll be all right. I’ll find you. I promise.”
All of a sudden, seeing his hurtful and accusing eyes didn’t seem so bad after all. Looking down a long, furry snout at a pair of yellow eyes, sounded worse. “Please hurry.”
“I will Baby, I will. Just do what I told you. I’ll see you in a few minutes. Just stay hidden.”
“All right…” she said, but the phone was dead. 
Although, Sara knew she was alone, suddenly it felt as if there were a thousand eyes staring at her as she started untying the bottom string to her halter. “How could I let myself get in a situation like this? This is exactly what my mother has lectured me about – time and time again!
With fumbling fingers, Sara finally got her top untied and held it against her body, trying to hang on to the last shred of dignity she had left. She listened carefully for what must have been the better part of five minutes. When Sara would get ready to expose herself, she heard something coming. Of course, it was a false alarm, but her mind was playing tricks.
------------
Sara was stalling. She’d already picked out a suitable tree. “God,” she mused. “I can’t believe I’m actually going to do this! Now I know I’m mad!” 
Sara waited another five minutes and made a run for the edge of the trees. She quickly tied her halter to her tree and ran back for cover. She seemed to be running in slow motion, every step she took, the woods seemed to move further away. Eager to hide herself, Sara wasn’t watching where she was going. There was a steep incline. A tree root came out of nowhere and grabbed her foot, she went down, rolling down the hill, falling forever, hitting her head on the ground when she stopped tumbling. Everything started going blurry, sounds of the forest faded into the distance. Sara tried to get up, but it hurt. She must have twisted her ankle. 
Sara felt something warm and wet on her temple. She touched it - blood – her blood! Her stomach turned upside down, feeling sick, as if she might throw up. She eased her head back and closed her eyes for a few seconds, resting, drifting in and out of consciousness. 
------------
Sara must have passed out, because the next thing she remembered was someone calling her name. “Sara! Sara! Where are you?” The voice was foggy and unclear, but familiar. Sara desperately tried to open her eyes. Jared called out again. “Sara!” It sounded as if he were standing at the top of the incline, shouting for her. “Sara!”
Sara took a deep breath and groaned. That hurt too. She took in as much air as possible and yelled. At least it was supposed to be a yell. “Down here,” she tried. To her confused mind it sounded hardly above a loud whisper.
“Sara!” he called out again.
Sara could hear dried leaves rustling, small branches cracked under his weight as Jared hurriedly descended the hill to her. “Sara, can you hear me? Where are you hurt?”
Sara lifted her head and opened her eyes. Jared’s face was blurry, but she knew it. She smiled, totally forgetting she was topless. “Kiss me. I want to feel your lips on mine one more time before I die.”
Jared leaned closer and sighed. “You’re not going to die – I won’t let you.” He kissed her. 
To Sara, what was happening was more like a dream than reality. She was happy. She felt herself starting to fade again.
“Sara – you stay with me, you hear? Sara!” Jared gently shook her shoulders. 
Ow! That hurts too.
“I’m sorry Angel. I’m being as gentle as I can.”
Sara’s head was too fuzzy to register, that Jared had apparently read her thoughts. She hadn’t said anything out loud. “I’m so thirsty, sleepy, and it hurts to breathe. I want to take a nap. Can’t I take a nap? I’ll only sleep for a few minutes. I just want to close…” her voice trailed off as her vision went from a dim transparency to black. Jared shook her again, yanking her back to the dim, fuzzy transparency.
“No! Don’t go to sleep! Wake up Sara! I need you alert. You might have a concussion.” Jared took a handkerchief from his back pocket and placed it on Sara’s forehead. “Sara! Can you hold this for me? Apply some pressure to it while I see how badly you’re hurt.”
Sara made a feeble attempt, reaching up with her hand, but she couldn’t think straight, her vision blurred, her arm felt like a boulder. 
Jared lifted her hand and placed it over the handkerchief. “Sara, stay with me. I need to make sure you haven’t broken your neck. Can you feel your legs?”
Sara groaned. “Yeah - they hurt.”
Jared touched her tender ribs, and she yelped. “I’m sorry, but I have to see if it’s broken.” He pressed against her ribs with his fingertips. 
That hurt, Sara thought as she clenched her teeth, trying to endure the pain. A tear slid down her face. 
“I know Angel, and I’m sorry. I hate hurting you.” He shook his head and grimaced. Jared if you don’t stop responding to her thoughts, you’re going to give yourself away! “Well,” he said, “I don’t think anything is broken.” He pulled her to her feet. Sara screamed and started to fall. Jared grabbed her, lifting her into his arms as though she was nothing. “Seems you’ve twisted your ankle. Put your arms around my neck and hang on. The hill is a little steep.”
“My top!” Sara gasped, suddenly remembering she was topless. 
“Sara, I’ll put it back on you when I get you in the car. Remember? I’m a doctor; I have seen topless women… before.” He couldn’t help but get a quick glance.
“Oh, how silly of me,” she said, sarcastically. “Yeah, you’re a doctor, but I thought I was a little more than just a patient to you.”
Jared looked into her eyes and kissed her again. “You are, but under these circumstances, I can handle it.” He grinned. I hope! 
Sara wrapped her arms around his neck and rested her head against his chest, listening to the sound of his pounding heart. She wondered... was it fear, exhaustion, or the sensation of her half-naked body that had set its rhythm. Suddenly, she wanted him so badly it became a dull ache, which didn’t help her a lot. She was already in considerable pain. Sara winced when Jared sat her on the car seat, and put her halter back on. His touch was soft and gentle, making sure he didn’t hurt her. Sara lowered her head, looking at the ground. She didn’t want to see the pain in his eyes. “I’m so sorry.”
“Don’t worry about that right now. I’ll be mad at you when this is over.”
Sara pouted her lips. “You will?” She didn’t want him to be mad at her. She wanted Jared to hold her, tell her he loved her, and that he forgave her.
Jared lifted her chin, so their eyes met. “I was kidding Sara. I am angry with you; you scared me half to death. I thought I’d lost you. Don’t ever do that to me again – ok?” Sara nodded. “Now tell me, what on Earth were you thinking? If I’d known you were going to react this way, I never would have let you read that stupid diary.”
“It’s not stupid. It’s your deepest thoughts and feelings, and they’re beautiful. But… I’m not the person in your dreams.”
Jared narrowed his eyes at her and furrowed his brow. “Don’t you understand? I don’t care,” he growled through his teeth. “I’m going to burn that damn diary! It’s just a dream Sara. You’re real, and it’s you that I love.” He closed his eyes, grimacing, as if he’d said something he shouldn’t have said, at least not out loud. Sara asked again, to be sure she’d understood him correctly.
“Did you just say…?”
He sighed, “Yes, but I shouldn’t have….”
Sara’s eyes filled with tears. “You didn’t mean it?”
Chapter 6
Jared sighed and looked into her eyes. “Yes, I meant it. I know we don’t know each other very well, but I know what I feel, and I know it’s real, and the diary has nothing to do with it. I love you Sara.”
Sara closed her eyes, and the tears freely flowed. She couldn’t find her voice. She was so confused. A part of her wanted what he was saying, the bigger part, but there was a wee bit, the part that was still a child, that was afraid. She didn’t want him to see how frightened his look was making her. There was no anger, or doubt in his eyes. There was something else. Something strong, and needing. Before Sara could say anything, Jared’s lips were on hers - hungry and demanding.
Sara moaned against his lips. Every fiber of her being quaked, making her realize how much she wanted him. Sara was running on instinct now. Treading on unfamiliar ground.
Jared’s lips pressed harder against hers, molding to the shape of her mouth. Their breathing was coming in ragged gasps. 
Sara was just about ready to surrender herself to whatever came next, when he pulled back. Jared repeated something he’d said yesterday. “You’re dangerous Sara,” he gasped, leaning away from her.
She pulled him back, kissing him again. “That’s not bad – is it?”
Jared crushed his lips to hers for a long time, and then pulled away again. “Yes, it’s bad. I won’t take advantage of you – of the situation. You’re hurt, and you’re vulnerable. You don’t know what you’re doing, and I’m being a selfish heel. I may not be entirely old fashioned, but I still don’t believe in taking advantage of someone as young as you are. I will not take away your innocence Sara, not like this.” Jared pulled away from her, turned around, and leaned against the car, regaining his composure.
Sara stared at the ground, feeling rejected. “What are you talking about?” If Jared was trying to force himself on her, she could see how this would apply, but he wasn’t. Sara was pushing him. How could he know she was innocent? For all he knew, he might not have been the first man to go this far with her, but he was.
“So easily, I could lose control with you. Give in to the way I feel about you. The way I want you. It’s just too dangerous, especially after seeing you like - like this.” He groaned and looked at the ground.
 “So you want me, but you won’t take me?” Sara was confused.
Jared knelt in front of her, taking her hands in his. “Sara, that’s not what I said. I will take you, just not now – not here and not under these circumstances. Besides, if I made love to you now, apart from the fact we could get caught, I would have to restrain myself for fear of hurting you. When we do make love, I don’t want any restraints or regrets between us.”
Sara grinned. “Would you take me, if I offered myself to you, or if I asked?” she whispered. Pleaded, would be a better word. Despite her injuries, which Sara was willing to try and ignore, she desperately wanted Jared.
Jared’s voice was full of pleading and pain, mingled with a hint of agitation. “Don’t ever do that! Don’t ever make me have to make that choice! Promise me Sara. Promise me, you won’t make me make that choice.”
What could Sara say? He’d just asked her, not to offer herself or ask him to take her. Why, she wondered? What would be wrong about it? They were both consenting adults. For whatever reason, she answered him. “I’ll try – no promises – I’ll try.” She kissed him again.
Jared pulled away and kissed her on the left side of her throat. “Then I guess I’ll just have to convince you.” He started tracing kisses along the side of her neck and up behind her ear, gently breathing in it. It sent shivers down Sara’s spine and made her want him even more. She would have told him anything he wanted her to if she could just get her lungs to work properly. “You see,” he said, “I can do this – and still stay in control – question is – can you?”
Sara’s heart pounded furiously as she tried to catch her breath. “You’re not fighting fair.”
“And you haven’t given me an answer.”
“Yes I have. I said I would try.”
“How hard?” Jared gently bit her neck. She could feel his teeth. It should have hurt, but it was arousing and sensual.
“Very hard,” she gasped as her stomach tingled inside.
Jared pulled away. He smiled triumphantly, satisfied. “All right, I can stop teasing you now.” He put his cell to his ear. “I’m calling Lucy.”
“What? No! Don’t call her! She’ll call my mother! Jared, please, don’t!”
Jared’s cell rang once, and he broke the connection. “All right, but you’ve got to call her sooner or later.” He eased her legs around in the seat, taking care not to hurt her ankle. 
Jared started the engine, and reached across to buckle her seatbelt. “We better get started back. You can spend the night at my place since it’s going to be late when we get there. You can call Lucy then.”
That was it. He had teased her and set her body on fire with feelings she’d never experienced before, and he was just going to leave it at that? As far as he was concerned, the issue was closed. 
Sara searched for something to distract her burning desire. “Do you mind if we listen to some music?”
Jared laughed. “Sara, we’re in a band, we have our own recording studio, and you ask me if we can listen to music?” He grinned.  “What do you want to listen to?”
“Something old and bouncy. Do you have anything like that?” Jared was right. It was a stupid question, but Sara had to say something to keep her mind occupied, and off Jared.
Jared laughed again and pulled to the shoulder. He loaded his DVD player up with an oldies collection. Roy Orbison blared out ‘Pretty Woman’ over his stereo system. He looked at her, smiled and started singing to her. 
Sara couldn’t help but blush. 
Jared whirled his BMW around in the middle of the road in one swift handbrake turn, and peeled out down the highway hitting ninety in seconds. The trees had become a green blur. The ride was so easy, it felt like they were hardly moving. 
Sara’s eyes widened. “Wait! What about my car?”
Jared waved his hand dismissively. “Don’t worry about it. I’ve already called someone to come pick it up and take it to my house. Chances are it will be there waiting for you.” He reached across and brushed her cheek with the back of his fingers. “You just sit back, enjoy the ride and let me worry about things – ok? I’ll take care of you now.” 
“More likely drive me insane.  “Can I sleep?”
“Are you still sleepy?”
Oh God! His voice is as sweet as honey, and it’s burning me up. Sara knew she had to do something – anything to get her mind off his incredibly sexy body just inches from hers. “Yes, I’m still sleepy.”
Jared frowned. “I had hoped that would have passed by now.” He sighed and handed her a second bottle of water. “All right, but before you do, get some more of this down. Drink it slower this time.”
Sara didn’t disagree with him. She quickly drank a third of the bottle.
Jared held his hand over the bottle. “Easy – you’ll give yourself a brain freeze. Drink it slowly Angel. Maybe we should stop by the emergency room before I take you home, and get some x-rays done to make sure you’re all right.” His voice was full of concern.
“I’m fine Jared. I don’t want to go to the emergency room. Can’t you just take care of me at home? I – ah – I meant your place.” It surprised Sara how easily she’d used the word home. 
Jared smiled, pleased that she’d said it. “You had it right the first time Sara. It can be your home anytime you’re ready for it to be.” He sighed, deep in thought. “I guess you can sleep, but if you start feeling dizzy or get a headache, we’re going straight to the hospital, no questions asked, understood?” He glanced at her.
Sara spoke with sincerity. “I’ll do whatever you want me to.” No more trying to be noble, she would do anything he asked her to. Sara wanted him, and she couldn’t give him up – not after he’d told her that he loved her. If this is a mistake, I’ll suffer the consequences, even if the price is my soul. “Can I go to sleep now?” she asked again.
“If you really need to, but be forewarned, I might rouse you a time or two, just to make sure you’re still ok.”
“Maybe I can stay awake if you’ll talk to me.”
“What do you want to talk about?”
“How did you know where to look for me? I know Steve gave you my message, and apparently – despite what I asked him not to do - told you what we talked about. That still wouldn’t have told you which way to look for me. Even when I left his house, I didn’t know what I was going to do, or where I was going.”
Jared grimaced slightly. “Would you believe me if I said I asked my Spirit Guide?”
Sara rapidly blinked, trying to stay awake. “I might if I knew what a Spirit Guide was. Are they like a guardian angel?”
Jared laughed. “Well, yes and no. Everyone has a Spirit Guide. They’re not just for our people. You see, before we choose to be reincarnated, we’d already chosen our Spirit Guides in the afterlife. Each of us has a special Spirit Guide that has been with us since birth. Through prayer and meditation, we can go to our Spirit Guides, and ask questions about things in our lives. If it is in our best interests, they answer and guide us.
When I had talked to Steve, before I came to look for you, I went to my secret place and asked my Spirit Guide to show me where you were. I explained how much you meant to me and then I got in the car and started driving. I tried to reach you on your cell, but when you didn’t answer, I went in whatever direction I felt compelled to. All I could think about was what I would do if I didn’t get to you in time.”
“Wow! If everybody has a Spirit Guide, does that include me? How do I communicate with it – her – him – them?”
“Yes, it includes you. You may already be in contact with it on a sub-conscious level.  Have you ever had an impulse to do or say something, or felt like there was something you just had to do, and you didn’t know why?”
“Yeah. I felt that way when I left home to move in with Lucy. I didn’t know why, I just knew it was the right thing for me to do. I tried to explain it to my mother, but she didn’t understand – I guess I really didn’t either. I just knew it was something I had to do.”
Jared smiled, reached across and took her hand. “I’m glad you listened. Otherwise, I may never have found you.”
“It was my Spirit Guide that made me feel that way?”
“I can’t say for sure, but probably….”
“Can I see my Spirit Guide?”
“Probably, if you were taught in our ways.”
Sara’s interest was piqued. “Would you teach me?”
“Yes, if you want me to, but my grandfather would be a better teacher. He’s better at it than I am.”
“It would mean more to me if you did it. Please.”
He brought her hand to his lips and kissed it. “Ok, but if you end up with Garfield as a Spirit Guide, don’t blame me,” he said laughing. Sara smiled. “Can I take this music out for a minute? There’s something I want you to listen to.” 
Sara nodded. “Course you can. It’s your radio, Silly.”
Jared gave her a wry grin and put a different DVD in. The next thing Sara knew, her song was playing. She gave Jared a strange look. “I did it the other night while it was just us, before the rest of the band got there.”
Sara was flabbergasted, it sounded professional. “How did you make it sound so good?”
Jared laughed. “I recorded it. I haven’t done anything to it, other than twin your voice in some places. It’s just you, me and my piano, and the background track I was using. Sara, you have a beautiful voice. I didn’t need to do anything to it. It’s good just the way it is. I want to give a copy of it to the local radio stations, and get them to play it over the airways – with your permission, of course.”
“I don’t know – do you really think it’s good enough?”
“I wouldn’t have told you if I didn’t. Neither would I have bothered to make a recording of you. You wouldn’t believe how many people I’ve turned down, that desperately wanted to be part of ‘Raging Storm’.”
Sara started feeling drowsy again. She blinked a couple more times, but she knew it wouldn’t last. Yes I would, especially if, the wannabes were girls. Jared’s voice was amazingly hypnotic. Sara jerked her head as he continued talking to her. “I trust you. Do whatever you want to with the recording.” 
Jared smiled and kissed her hand again. “I also want to set up some bookings, get you out front. I want you to feature for ‘Raging Storm’ – when you’re well enough, that is.”
“Me – out front?” she asked, her eyes slowly closing again. Sara blinked a couple times more, and managed to finish her feeble objection, “Jared, you’re forgetting; I have a horrible case of stage fright.”
“Remember what I said. A few more sessions in the studio and you won’t have that. Besides, I won’t make you do it alone Sara. I’ll be out there with you. We’ll work on it together. If you really want to make a career, I’ll get you over your stage fright. Sara – Sara, are you awake?” Jared softly laughed. “Just rest, Angel, I’ll sing you to sleep.” Jared’s last few words were so far away, Sara barely heard them, and then she fell asleep to the sound of his perfect voice.
------------
The next thing Sara was aware of was Jared carrying her into his house, and up the stairs to his bedroom. She recognized it from before. He gently laid her on his bed, and started undressing her. Sara felt a warm cloth, rubbing over her body as Jared cleaned the mud and blood off her skin. After he’d toweled her off, Sara heard him call Lucy and explain things to her. It sounded like Lucy was upset and wanted to come over, but Jared told her Sara was sleeping. 
Sara heard his cell beep and felt his lips on her forehead. “Good night, Angel,” he whispered, kneeling over her. He started to walk away. Sara reached out for him, taking his hand.
Sara opened her bleary eyes, her voice a whisper. “Stay….”
“All right,” Jared whispered, “but I won’t sleep with you.” He kicked off his shoes and lay beside her on top of the cover. He snuggled up close to her, and Sara laid her head on his shoulder. She felt warm and safe. Jared gently caressed her face and smiled. “I want you to sleep now.” He kissed her. 
Sara kissed him back. “I don’t want to sleep. Sleep is not what I want.” She looked deeply into his eyes.
Jared groaned. “No, I know it’s not what you want, but it’s what you need.” He started singing ‘Angel’ to her again.
“That’s not fair,” Sara weakly grumbled.
Jared kissed her forehead, smiled and whispered in her ear, “I know.” Then he carried on singing until she was fast asleep.
------------
Sara woke up sometime in the night, disoriented. She looked beside her. Jared was sleeping peacefully next to her. His chest rising and falling with his gentle breathing. His mouth was next to her ear. Each time he exhaled, it tickled, sending shivers down her spine. Sara never wanted to leave. She touched his face, and it woke him with a start. 
“What is it? What’s wrong, Sara – did I hurt you? Do you want me to move?”
“No, you didn’t hurt me, and I most certainly do not want you to move – ever.” Her voice was breathless. She leaned up and kissed him. 
Jared responded to her kisses. “You’re not trying very hard, Sara.” He covered her mouth with his. “God how I want you Sara.” His voice was hoarse, filled with desire as he kissed her over and over, each one deeper and more intense than the last. Sara could feel his body responding as his need grew. He started moaning and losing control. “Sara – stop me,” he gasped.
“But I don’t want to… I want this… I want you….”
“You promised me. Please, don’t let me do this,” he pled, but he didn’t pull away, and he didn’t stop kissing her. His own will was gone, he was depending on hers now, and she didn’t want to do what he was asking. Oh God! Help me! She didn’t want him to stop, but the words he’d said to her ripped through her heart like scalpels. He slid his hand under the cover. He was whispering again. “You promised me….”
Sara drew in as steady a breath as she was able to. “Jared… Stop! You have to stop!” her voice was weak and unconvincing.
“But I don’t want to stop…” He cupped his hand around her breast as his lips found hers again. 
The moment of decision was at hand; the longing so real, the line between doing what she wanted, and what he’d asked her to do was becoming dangerously transparent. For a few seconds, her mind went blank, totally lost in her desire. 
“You have to,” she said, weakly, pushing his hands away from her aching body. “You made me promise. Please, I want you to stop Jared – please.” That was it. Sara had used what fight she had left to stop what she wanted so badly she could taste it, cool and sweet, warm and bitter. Wrong or right, she didn’t care anymore. If Jared persisted, Sara couldn’t resist him. She wouldn’t! The next move would be made by him; she’d run out of strength. 
Jared knew this. He stopped kissing her, and looked deeply and longingly into her eyes. “Now I know you’re not doing this because you feel obligated by what’s in my diary. You’re doing this because it’s what you want. ” He kissed her passionately again.
“Jared, you said you wanted me to stop you. I have. What are you doing? I don’t understand.”
“I told you not to make me make the choice. I asked you not to offer yourself to me. I never said I didn’t want to make love to you. I asked you not to offer yourself to me, and you didn’t. Now the choice is not for me to make. It’s your choice now.”

Chapter 7
Sara didn’t know what happened next. She must have fallen asleep again. What terrible timing. It was morning before she woke up – alone. Jared had left a note on the pillow next to her. Using his pastels, he’d sketched a white wolf, holding a red rose in its teeth on the front of it. She picked it up and turned it over. The message was short and sweet. 
‘Good morning Angel,
What you did last night took courage and will power - you made the right choice. Special moments like last night are what bind us together forever. Next time, you might be the one begging me to stop – for real. I’ll call you later on today. Just sleep and dream of me.’
Sara tried to move her foot, and remembered that she’d twisted her ankle, when she fell down the hill. She threw the covers back, and saw that she wasn’t wearing anything. Had he made love to her? Had she actually slept right through it! No, that couldn’t be possible. 
Sara grabbed the card and read it again. No, we couldn’t have made love, but where are my clothes? Of course, I remember Jared washed me off. He must have taken my clothes off then. But that would mean, when we were - I would have been - and he would - Wow! 
Jared had more self-control than Sara had given him credit for. But, if she couldn’t find her clothes, what was she going to wear? 
She wrapped the sheet around her naked body and sat on the side of the bed, but not without pain. She attempted to stand, and fell back on the bed. “Well,” she mused. “I’m not going to walk away from this one. Maybe I should just lie back, and wait for Jared to call.” Sara yawned, and lay back against the pillows, but not before she’d made sure her cell was in reach. She must have truly been exhausted, because before she knew it, she was asleep again.
------------
Sara was awakened by her cell. She picked it up and looked at the name on the display. It was Jared, just as he’d promised. She smiled. “Hi.”
“Hi Angel, feeling any better this morning? Well, I say morning, but it’s actually almost noon. I was beginning to think you’d run away from me again.”
“Really – why? It’s not as if I can run.”
Jared chuckled. “You’re probably right, but I rang you about half an hour after I got to the office. You must have been sleeping.”
“Probably….”
“If you hadn’t answered this time, I was coming home to check on you. Listen, I spoke with Lucy, and she and I agree. You might as well stay with me until your ankle has mended. Besides, I need to make sure you’re not going to have any kind of reaction to the bump on your head.”
It was Sara’s turn to laugh. “You want me to hang around because of a twisted ankle, and a little bump on the head? Are you sure it’s not because you don’t want me to leave?” 
Sara could hear the embarrassment in his voice.
“All right – I’ll admit it, I’m being selfish again. After holding you in my arms all night long and realizing you were still there when I woke up, and you’re still there now. I want you with me. I need you with me! You have no idea how I felt when I thought I’d lost you. Nothing seemed to matter Sara - not the house, not the job, not even my life. I want you to stay with me, but, if you truthfully want to go back to Lucy’s…” he said, with a smile in his voice. He already knew what her answer would be.
“No, I’ll stay, if you’re really sure about this….”
“Sara, I’ve been sure since I laid eyes on you, and even before then. It’s you that I want to be sure about this. Is this what you want?”
Sara couldn’t stop smiling. She couldn’t see for the tears in her eyes. If he only knew, how sure she was of him, and how badly she needed him. “I’m sure. I’ll need some things from Lucy’s….”
Jared’s voice was high with excitement. “You’re going to move in with me?”
“Yes, I will. But, I think we should hold off telling Lucy for a while. She already knows I’m staying until my ankle has healed. I think it would be a good idea if we left it at that for now, for fear she might talk to my mother, and that would not go over well.”
“Sure – anything you want. And I’ll pick up some stuff for you when I get off work. Just text me a list of what you need. I might be kind of late – I do still have that staff meeting I was telling you about.”
“I thought it was last night.”
“It was supposed to be but, I was rescuing my damsel in distress. My very sexy, damsel in distress,” he said, playfully.
“Oh! Right. Jared?”
“Hmm.”
“What am I supposed to do today?”
“Whatever you want to – within reason. With that twisted ankle, I wouldn’t suggest trying out for any marathons, and I’m afraid the dance contests will have to wait a week or two.”
“Ha - ha – very funny. What about going down stairs?”
“I’d rather you didn’t. My staff knows you’re there. If you need anything, something to eat or drink or just someone to talk to, you can get one of them to help you – or I suppose you could call me, but I may not be able to talk long if I’m with a patient. I would call you back later, when I got a break. It’s up to you. Seriously, you need to stay off your ankle as much as possible and give the swelling a chance to go down.
I’ve booked us at the Hirsch Memorial Coliseum. KWKH is throwing a reunion for the old Louisiana Hayride next month. We’re in the line-up. I’m not sure exactly what time we’ll go on. They’ll be sending me a schedule later on. I’m going to need my lead female vocalist in top shape, so you’ve got to do everything within your power to be whole by that time, or I’ll have to cancel. ‘Raging Storm’ gets bookings occasionally, but this could be your big break. I doubt this kind of opportunity will come along in a while.”
My big break? Sara was surprised. “You’ve booked us at HMC? Jared, that thing holds over ten thousand people. And there will likely be radio and TV crews there, as well! If you want me to get out in front of all those people, you’ve got a lot more than my ankle to heal.”
Jared’s voice was deep and husky. “Don’t worry Sara. I’ll conquer all your fears.” Sara could tell he wasn’t just talking about her stage fright. Her heart suddenly fluttered.
She tried to keep her voice even. “I’m looking forward to that.”
“See you tonight – gotta run, love you….”
Sara opened her mouth to respond, but he’d ended the call – he was gone. “I really do need to talk to him about that,” she complained, but she couldn’t stop grinning. “He loves me!” 
Wrapping the sheet around her, Sara hobbled over to the closet, to find something to wear. It wasn’t an easy task, but she finally found one of Jared’s old flannel shirts in a drawer. She held it to her nose and breathed in deeply. It still had the scent of his cologne on it. She closed her eyes, slid her arms in the sleeves and imagined his arms wrapping around her, keeping her safe and warm. Sara loved that feeling. Hell, she loved everything about him. The sleeves were too long, so Sara rolled them up a few rounds until they were just above her elbows. The tail of the shirt went almost to her knees, so she didn’t bother putting anything over her underwear. Besides, her shorts from yesterday were dirty and covered with mud. She had no idea where Jared put them.
Sara brushed her hair, tied it up in a high ponytail, and sprayed on a hint of perfume. She stood and surveyed herself in the mirror. She didn’t look half-bad, but she didn’t expect she would be making fashion statements. At least she had more covered than she’d had yesterday. Just thinking about Jared seeing her topless made her blush, but at the same time, made her stomach tickle. Anyone else would have taken advantage of her, but not Jared. He was a one-of-a-kind. 
Sara wondered if it would be possible for her to be more in love with him than she was right now. Jared had woven himself into every fiber of her soul. There was no use to fight it – she was doomed. She felt so happy and light, and had it not been for her twisted ankle, and bruised ribs, Sara would have danced around the room like a ballerina. Her injuries forced her to hobble around, desperately searching, for something to do. She couldn’t even find a puzzle or crossword magazine. She was literally bored out of her mind. She didn’t have her laptop or her guitar with her, so she couldn’t work on her songs. 
Sara remembered Jared mentioning he had the Twilight set, but she figured it would be downstairs in the library across from the Navajo room – out of her reach. She thought about trying to go down stairs and pick around on Jared’s baby grand in the lounge, but he said she needed to stay off her foot as much as possible, so she guessed that would have to wait. Man she needed something to do. 
In search for something to read, Sara hobbled to the bookcase. She was just about to give up, when she found the complete ‘Twilight’ saga by ‘Stephanie Meyers.’ She smiled. “Great! They’re not out of my reach,” she mused.  She took the first story in the saga - ‘Twilight’ - crawled back on the bed, propping her head against the headboard, and settled down to read. By the time she’d read the prologue to the book, she was hooked. She quickly sympathized with the heroine. If she had been in her place, she would eagerly risk her soul, and become a vampire if it meant eternity with Jared.
------------
With technically nothing else to do but read, Sara finished the book that afternoon, and started on the next one, ‘New Moon’. She was hooked on it too, at least until she realized the hero was leaving, never to return. This wasn’t how it was supposed to happen. Sara wanted the happily ever after. Surely, he couldn’t just leave Bella like that, with not even a photo to remember him by! Sara eagerly continued reading, laughing sometimes and crying others. She looked at her watch and realized Jared would be leaving work soon, and she hadn’t texted him her list yet.
She grabbed her cell, quickly made a list of the things she needed from Lucy’s, and texted it to him. 
After a couple of minutes, Jared sent back a reply. ‘Anything for you – home soon – love you.’ 
How could those two little words turn her world upside down? How could she fall so hopelessly in love with a stranger in less than a week? The answer was easy, because they were meant for each other and always had been. Sara loved hearing him say those two words, even if they were just a text. She knew he would say them when he was with her again, and that would be soon.
------------
After reading the note he’d left on her pillow this morning for about the tenth time today, she smiled. She grabbed her book and curled back up on the bed, as much as she could. 
There was a knock on the door, and Sara was so engrossed in her book that she nearly jumped off the bed. It was the cook, bringing her a snack. A plate of various fruits and yet another colossal glass of cold drink. Jared was going to make sure she was properly hydrated. Sara must have already drunk half a gallon of iced tea now, and her trips to the bathroom had become more frequent. She had just got back from one of them, when her cell rang. 
“Hello?”
“Hey, Kiddo, how’s it going in the lap of luxury?”
Sara smiled. “What are you talking about Lucy?”
Lucy laughed. “Don’t be naive Sara. I know Jared has his staff waiting on you, hand and foot. It must be nice….”
“I can come home if you want me to,” Sara half-heartedly offered. She knew Lucy was teasing her. 
Lucy laughed again. “Oh come on Sara, tell me you’re not in seventh heaven?”
Sara laughed and blushed. “I guess you could say that. You’re not mad at me, are you Luce?”
“Heavens no Kid! If I’d had the chance, I would be right where you are. Jared and I went out to the movies a couple of times, but it never went anywhere – mainly his decision. We’ve stayed good friends, and there were no hard feelings. I’m glad you’re happy. How are you feeling?”
“Well, I’m a little stiff and sore and I can’t put my weight on my foot, but other than that – I’m ok.”
“Do you think you’ll be well enough to join us with the Reunion gig?”
“I’m gonna try to. I’ve already told Jared he has between now and then to get me over my stage fright. He said, quote, “I’ll conquer all your fears, unquote.”
“Wow, he’s truly getting serious about you. I just don’t get it. I hang around the guy for five years, and practically throw myself at him. You come along, and manage to get two dates out of him, in the same number of days. You’ve spent three days with him, and you’re practically engaged. What’s your secret Kid?”
Sara laughed. Lucy was joking of course, and she didn’t expect an answer. At least, Sara didn’t think she did. She wasn’t giving Lucy one either way. Sara had brought up the idea of marriage, and Jared had backed off. There was no way she was going to make that mistake again. The next time the subject of marriage came up; it would be him that instigated it.
Sara attempted to change the subject. “So, has Mom called anymore?”
“Yes, she has, and she’s getting very suspicious. I had to tell her something. I told her you were with your boyfriend.”
“What?” Sara shouted.
“Hey, I’m just kidding. I told Kaye you’d gone to the store. She’s not going to keep buying these stories much longer, Sara. You’re going to have to tell her about you and Jared. I think she’s half figured it out already.”
Sara sighed. “Yeah, I know. I have told her a little about him. She knows he’s Navajo, and the leader of the band. I just haven’t told her how close we’ve got, and how much he means to me. I don’t want her to spoil this for me Lucy.” 
“Hang on a minute, there’s someone at the door.”
“That will probably be Jared. He’s coming over to pick up some of my things.”
“Hang on a minute,” Lucy said and laid the phone down. Sara heard them talking in the background. She came back to the phone. “I’ve gotta go now – Lover boy is here. I’ll talk to you later.” Lucy hung up the phone. 
Jared was at Lucy’s. That meant Sara only had a few minutes to get ready before he got home. Home? Strange that she should be using that word, but it was beginning to feel like home. 
Sara touched up her hair and makeup and sprayed on a little more perfume. Thank goodness, she had a small bottle in her purse. She grabbed her book and lay on the bed, hoping she didn’t look too obvious. Sara started reading again. It actually wasn’t a chore. She had to see if the hero came back, and if there would be a happy ending.
------------
About half an hour later, there was another tap on the bedroom door. “Are you decent – can I come in?”
Sara stretched across the bed. “You can come in, but I’m never decent!”
“I think I got everything on your list, and a few extras Lucy thought you might need. It’s all in your case. Here’s your laptop, and guitar… ” Jared stopped midsentence, and stared at Sara, looking her up and down. Sara started to blush. “Wow! That looks a lot better on you than it ever did on me.” 
He laid her guitar and laptop case on the foot of the bed and lay down beside her. “Actually, you look very sexy in my old flannel shirt. I might not give you your clothes back,” he said, reaching out to her. “Come let me hold you.” Sara cuddled in his arms. She opened her mouth to say something, but before she could get anything out, his mouth came down on hers, full of fire and passion. His hands began to roam over her body. He wasn’t holding back. For a few minutes, he forgot about controlling himself. “I’ve been thinking about doing this all day,” he said, finally coming up for air, and rolling over on his back. 
Sara cuddled up to him again and laid her head on his shoulder. 
“I’ve said it before, and I’m going to keep on saying it. Sara, you’re dangerous!” 
Sara laughed. “And you think you’re the only one that has to fight to stay in control.”
Jared looked at her and raised one of his eyebrows. “Yes, I do, because you’re not even trying,” he laughed. “You keep pushing me closer to the edge every time I kiss you. Sooner or later, I’m going to give in, and you’re going to regret it when I do.”
“And why is that. What makes you think I would regret it?”
Jared blew air through his teeth. “Can we just talk about something else, please. Even talking about it isn’t safe anymore. You’re here in my house – in my bed, and you’re just too accessible.”
Sara sighed. Jared wasn’t giving an inch. “Ok then, tell me about your day.”
“I’ve got a better idea – you tell me about yours. What did you do all day?”
“Well, until you got home – I guess if I could describe my day in a single word, it would have to be boring.”
Jared seemed surprised. “Boring?”
“You try lying in bed most of the day, not a puzzle book in sight, no laptop, no guitar. The only thing that broke the monotony of my day was reading your two books of the ‘Twilight’ Saga.”
“So you found them. I forgot to tell you the ‘Twilight’ set was in the bookcase in here. You’ve read through the first one today, and started on the second already?” He was skeptical. 
Sara nodded. “Yes, and I’m over halfway through the second one.”
“And do you like New Moon?”
“Well, yes and no. I’m not happy with the fact that Edward has left Bella. If he doesn’t come back, I’m not even going to bother with ‘Eclipse’.” Jared laughed, knowingly. Sara looked at him and raised an eyebrow. “Does he come back?”
Jared made as though he was buttoning his lip. “Uh-uh, I’m not spoiling it for you. If you want to know what happens, you’ll have to read the rest of the book.”
Sara goosed his ribs. “Meanie!” 
Jared laughed out loud. “Hey! Don’t start that. I’ll retaliate, and when I get started, I show no mercy.”
“In that case, I’ll wait until my ankle is healed. Then you’ll see who shows no mercy.”
“Oh you will – will you? Speaking of your ankle, are you able to put any weight on it yet?”
Sara pouted. “No. I tried, but it hurt!”
“See, that’s what you get for not listening. You haven’t tried to go downstairs on it have you?” he grumbled.
“No.”
“Good.”
“How long do you think it will take for my ankle to heal?”
Jared sighed. “I don’t think it’s sprained, so it shouldn’t take over a week, two at the most – if you stay off of it.” He yawned. “I need to get up, and go take a shower. I also want to get out of these knit pants. They’re driving me batty. I won’t be long.” He waited for Sara to move off his shoulder. When she did, he kissed her, and then turned to leave.
“Want me to come and take a shower with you,” she offered, teasing him. She knew he wouldn’t risk that.
“Sure – if you want to be raped.”
“Hmm, that doesn’t sound like a bad deal.”
“Sara!” he groaned.
Sara held up her hands. “I was kidding.” She wasn’t, but he didn’t need to know that. She knew if she went in, she wouldn’t be raped. It would be the most incredible experience in her life.
Jared walked back over to the bed and kissed her again. “I’ll be right back. In the meantime, find out if Edward comes back,” he said, handing her the book.
Sara pouted and spoke sarcastically. “Right!” I’d much rather come and take a shower with you, but I guess the book will do….

Chapter 8
Quarter of an hour later, Jared came back in the bedroom wearing a gigantic bath towel wrapped around his waist, and another one around his neck. Sara whined like a puppy. Jared will never know how strongly she considered stealing the towel around his waist. He smiled, sat on the side of the bed next to her, and started drying his hair on the towel around his neck.
“You want me to do that for you?”
“No!” Jared said hastily. “My self-control is already shot. I don’t need motivation.” He finished drying his hair and pulled out a pair of jeans and a dark pullover shirt. “Now, are you going to turn around and let me get dressed like a good girl, or do I have to go back in the bathroom to change?”
Sara laughed and rolled away from him. She sighed. “Get dressed.”
“How do I know you won’t roll over before I’m decent?”
“You don’t. I guess that’s just a chance you’ll have to take. Either you trust me – or you don’t.” Sara heard his belt rattling and after that a zip. He trusted her.
“All right – you can turn back over. What do you want to do for dinner tonight? Do you want me to help you downstairs, or have the cook bring us something up?”
Sara sighed again. “Honestly, after being cooped up in this room all day. I’d like to go downstairs and do something normal. Maybe watch a movie or something and cuddle with you on the couch in the living room. You did promise to watch Twilight with me.”
He scooped her up in his arms like a rag doll. “Well, let’s go then.”
“Don’t you think I should change first?”
Jared sat her back on the bed. “Oh – right. What do you want?”
“If you’ll put my suitcase on the bed, I think I can manage – thank you.”
Jared laid the suitcase next to her and stood, watching, with his arms crossed over his chest like a drill sergeant. “Well, go on, get on with it!”
“Ha! What do you think this is – a strip tease act?” Sara narrowed her eyes at him. “Around you go,” she said, whirling her finger.
Jared seemed surprised. “What? I’ve already seen you naked Sara.” He grinned wryly.
“Yes, I know. Don’t remind me. Just turn yourself around Mister. What’s good for one is good for all.”
Jared made a guttural groan, and turned while she dressed. When she was done, he picked her up and carried her downstairs, setting her on the floor. “When you said you’d help me down the stairs, I didn’t know you meant like this.” 
Jared embraced her and kissed her several times. “Are you complaining?” He smiled at her.
“Oh no – not at all. I always wanted to be swept off my feet by the man I loved.” He smiled and helped Sara to the sofa. He put the Twilight movie in and tossed her the remote.
“I’ll go see what the cook has lined out for our dinner.” Jared came back and sat beside Sara, putting his arm around her. “Cassie said dinner will be about forty-five minutes. I said we’d take our meal in the lounge.” Sara snuggled up to him and laid her head on his shoulder. Jared lay his head on top of hers and breathed on her hair. “You’re destroying my reputation at work….”
“How?”
“I’ve always been a workaholic. You know, first there - last to leave. Well, today, when I was finished with my last patient, I headed straight for the door. I couldn’t wait to get home to you.” He kissed the top of her head.”
“Do I need to apologize?”
“No! They like me better this way.”
“I’ll take you any way,” Sara cooed.
Jared groaned again and sighed. “Same here.” 
The movie started, and they settled down to watch it. “How many times have you watched this?”
Jared sighed. “Many times, but I still like it.”
Sara smiled. “Well I’m looking forward to seeing it for the first time.”
“I think I should warn you of something….”
“What’s that?”
Jared bared his teeth at her and let out a low, guttural growl. “This movie has a tenancy to bring out the animal in me. Up until now, I’ve been alone when I watched it. Now, I’ve got something fresh to sink my teeth into.” He grabbed her, putting his mouth close to the side of her neck. 
Jared hissed and pretended he was going to bite Sara’s neck. She got a strange feeling from the hungry look in his eyes. At that moment, Sara wouldn’t have cared if he hadn’t been teasing her. If he had been a vampire, Sara would have willingly allowed him to turn her, so she could spend eternity with him. Jared kissed and nuzzled her neck. Sara giggled.
Jared brought his head back up and looked into her eyes. “You know, sometimes I wish the whole Twilight thing was real. There’s one difference between me and Edward, though….”
“What’s that?”
“If I was a vampire, and had the power to give you immortality, I would. Especially if, I knew you wanted it as much as Bella did, and it wouldn’t take me so long to make up my mind either.”
“Would you?”
“Yes… I would.” He kissed her passionately. Sara believed him. She snuggled against his shoulder. Jared wrapped his arms around her and they started watching the film.
------------
About halfway through the movie, the cook brought their meal. Jared paused the film while they finished eating. 
“You know, I don’t remember the scene with the guy at the plant, or the one with the boat,” Sara commented.
Jared scoffed. “That’s because it’s not part of the original story. You haven’t missed anything. They do it to add a little action to the film version. Sometimes it’s good – sometimes, it just confuses people when they read the book after seeing the film.”
Sara took a bite of her food. “What is this?
Jared laughed anxiously. “Some kind of chicken dish?”
Sara narrowed her eyes. “Really – you think?”
Jared chuckled. “Honestly Angel, you’d need to ask Cassie. She plans all the menus. I let her know when she cooks something I don’t like, or that doesn’t agree with me. Other than that, I give her free range. Why, don’t you like it?”
Sara smiled. “Yes, it’s nice. I just wondered what it was. If I have to compete with her, I’m afraid she doesn’t have a lot to worry about. I’m not that good at cooking. I never spent that much time trying to learn. I didn’t think I would need to. I never thought I would find someone I might need to take care of – till you.”
Jared smiled. “Angel, we have a cook. You don’t need to worry about meals. Cassie enjoys her work, but if you want to experiment, I’d be happy to give you my honest opinion.”
“Do you have plenty of Pepto-Bismol in the medicine cabinet?”
Jared laughed. “Sara, there’s very little I don’t like in the line of food. I’m not that demanding when it comes to cooking, so don’t let that bother you.” He brushed the back of his fingers against her cheek.
Sara smiled and reached to collect the dishes. Jared put his hand over hers. “Leave those. Cassie will clear them away later.” Jared took her hand, kissed it, and pulled her into his arms. “Let’s watch the rest of the movie, unless you’re getting tired.”
She settled on his shoulder. “No, I’m not tired.” 
------------
They had intended to finish watching the movie, but ten minutes before it ended, they both fell asleep on the couch. Sara jerked awake when the menu music started playing again. Jared, on the other hand, didn’t wake straight away. She leaned up and watched him sleep for a while. He must have been dreadfully tired. Sara would have happily slept with Jared that way until morning. 
Jared finally roused, smiled and kissed her. He brushed her cheek with the back of his fingers again and smoothed her hair behind her ears. Then he bent down and kissed the left side of her neck. Sara’s body responded instantly, tingling from one end to the other. His mouth covered hers. Jared’s kiss was hot, moist and filled with desire. 
After gently lowering Sara on the sofa, Jared lay on top of her, molding the full length of his body to hers. Sara could easily feel the effect she had on him. Jared deepened his kisses, running his hand under her shirt, gently lifting her bra out of the way. Sara’s heart was pounding so fast she could hear her pulse in her ears, her breathing coming in ragged spasms as he showered her with passionate kisses.
Jared groaned, lowering his head. Sara felt his lips close around the nipple of her breast, gently teasing and sucking it. She moaned, wrapping her leg around his. Jared almost shook when Sara raked her fingernails lightly down his back. 
“Too far Sara,” he said. “Can’t go any further – won’t be able to stop,” he breathed, as he lifted his head and kissed her lips again. “You have to stop me. If you don’t stop me, I’m going to make love to you right here on this couch.”
Sara had never been this far before, but with Jared, she was ready to move their relationship to the next level. “Then do it,” she whispered. “Jared, please, make love to me,” she begged. 
“We can’t, Sara,” he breathed, making a feeble attempt, hoping she would rescue him, but she wasn’t going to. If they stopped this time, it would be Jared that did it.
“Why?”
He pulled away slightly. “Because, what we have is special. I want it to stay that way, pure and right.” 
Sara was insistent. “It is special Jared. If we made love now, it would be even more special. It’s not going to change anything. I’ll still love you as much and more. Don’t you want to make love to me?”
Jared groaned. “More than I want my next breath, but I won’t do it.” He sat up, closed his eyes and breathed deeply, regaining control of his emotions. 
Damn! He’s skilled at that. Sara certainly wasn’t. If she’d thought it would have accomplished anything, she would have begged on her hands and knees, but she knew it wouldn’t matter. Once Jared pulled away, he’d regained his control, and normally wouldn’t change his mind. Sara took comfort in knowing that they’d gone further this time than ever before. She didn’t think he could hold out much longer. Am I being selfish? Does wanting him the way I do make it wrong? 
Jared understood what Sara wanted from him, and because of what he knew, he would do anything to make sure she didn’t get it – not now, anyway. He kept taking Sara so close to the edge, by the time he did make love to her; she would die of intense ecstasy. Sara was starting to feel like an emotional yoyo.
------------
That night, instead of sleeping with Sara, Jared slept in the bedroom next to hers. Sara felt hurt and rejected, disappointed that he hadn’t made love to her, but she could have lived with that. It was what happened next that hurt her the most. He carried her back upstairs, but it wasn’t as it had been earlier. His body was somewhat stiff, and even though he held her, it felt distant. When they got to the bedroom, he laid her on the bed and started gathering his bedclothes.
“You’re having another shower?” she asked, trying to sound noncommittal. He’d had a shower when he came home from work. Sara knew he didn’t need another one. 
“No, I’m going to bed Sara.”
Sara bit her lower lip between her teeth and swallowed hard. “You’re not sleeping in here with me?” 
“Not tonight.” Jared’s tone was cold, not with anger, but final, as if there would be no debating the issue.
“Oh….” Sara tried to keep a steady voice as she fought threatening tears, disappointed. She didn’t want Jared to know how hurt she was. Sara didn’t need to say anything. The look and frown on her face should have been enough, but Jared was unaffected, or at least he appeared to be. Sara watched him as he headed for the door. “Can I have a kiss?”
Jared stopped, drew in a sigh and turned. “Can you behave?” he countered.
Sara nodded, pouting her bottom lip. She tilted her head back, set to give Jared a kiss that was bound to change his mind, whether they discussed this or not. Jared lowered her head, kissed her forehead, her cheek, and finally the side of her throat, but he wouldn’t kiss her lips. “Good night Angel,” he whispered, and left the room. 
Sara silently willed him to turn around and come back to her, but he didn’t. She bit her lip. She kept waiting, hoping, until she heard the door to his bedroom close. Only then, when all hope was gone, did she burst into silent tears. 
How dare he call me Angel, and then send me to Hell? Was tonight my fault? “Did he expect me not to respond?” she mused. “To grant that wish, I would have to be dead! Should I allow him to do as he pleased? Is that what he wants – a puppet? How dare he make me feel like my body is going to burst into flames and then just leave me there - dangling? We’re living in the twentieth century for heaven’s sake! He said he wanted me, but he won’t make love to me? Is he lying to me?” Sara decided to let it go this time, but if they were ever this close again, she was going to find out the real reason why Jared kept holding her feelings at arm’s length.
------------
Sara was tiring of the emotional rollercoaster ride Jared kept taking her on. The next few days were much the same. Jared wasn’t being mean, he just was doing an excellent job at keeping his emotions at bay, while he sent Sara’s in a tailspin. Not seeming to have a care in the world. Warm and loving, until Sara crossed that imaginary line he’d drawn between them. She could have dealt with that too, except Jared kept moving the line, closer one day – further off the next. At the end of her nerves, she’d decided two could play his game, so she submersed herself in her music.
------------
By the beginning of the next week, Sara’s ankle had healed. As suspected, the night before she was supposed to leave the following morning – at least that’s what they’d told Lucy - Jared’s attitude changed again. He took Sara for a walk in the back garden. They sat on the bench in front of the pond. Jared put his arm around her, pulling her close to him. “I noticed you’d packed your things. Have you decided to go back to Lucy’s then?”
Sara sighed. “Yes.” 
“Then you’ll want me to take you home tomorrow morning, I guess?”
“No, I can drive. I do have my car here, remember?”
“Oh – yeah - that’s right.” He tried to make it appear as though it had slipped his mind. They sat in silence for a long time, watching the ducks paddling around the edge of the water. Then, out of nowhere, Jared spoke. “Sara… you do know I love you – right?”
“Really?” she countered, as though it didn’t matter.
Jared turned sideways, lifting her chin, studying her eyes. Sara saw love, but there was still that, ‘keep your distance’, look too. “Don’t you ever doubt that Sara.” He kissed her, at first gentle, soft, almost like the kind of kiss you would give your mother, and then it changed. That halfway wall he’d put up between them fell for just a moment, and Jared’s kiss was full of staggering passion. Sara eagerly met him more than half way, as she’d done so many times in the past week. She tangled her fingers in his dark hair, holding the back of his neck, so if Jared decided to end the kiss anytime soon, he would have to force her away. 
Jared stopped kissing her, and pressed his forehead to hers. “You don’t have to go Sara,” he said in a pained whisper. “You could still stay here, with me. That is if you still want to.”
What kind of game are you playing? You know how much I want you. I’ve made that crystal clear, even to a blind man. “Do you want me to stay?” Her voice was sharp, dubious.
Jared furrowed his brow, annoyed. “What do you mean? Of course, I want you to stay! You know that!”
Sara rested her head against his shoulder. “Jared, after the last few days, I wasn’t sure - I mean - you’ve been acting so strange - warm one day, cold the next. What do you want from me?” Tears dimmed Sara’s eyes. “I don’t know what to do or say. I don’t know how far I’m supposed to go. I mean, I’m no different than any other puppet. I can walk a line but not if you keep moving the line. I know what I want Jared. Do you?”
“I want you Sara, you know that!” Jared snapped, closing his eyes, throwing his head back against the bench. He sighed. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to snap at you. I love you more than life itself Sara. I can’t bear the thought of losing you.”
“Jared, you’re not going to lose me, but you’re pushing me away.”
“No – never! I will never do that!” Jared wrapped his arms around Sara, pulling her tight against his chest. Sara pulled away, so she could see his eyes. She sat there, staring at him for a long while, reading him. She wanted more than anything to trust him. She sighed.
“Then I guess I’ll stay. I’ll need to tell Lucy. Since our last conversation, I don’t care if Mom knows or not. Lucy can tell her if she wants to, but it won’t come from me.”
Jared kissed the top of her head and chuckled. “You don’t get along with your mother very well, do you?”
“Does it show?”
Jared smiled. “I’m afraid so. When are you going to introduce us?”
“I wasn’t aware you were masochistic.”
Jared laughed again. “Come on, Sara, she can’t be that bad.”
Sara stood and walked a few paces away from him. “Yes… she can.”
Jared stood next to her, putting his hands on her shoulders and gently turning her. “Sara, if we’re going to stay together, sooner or later, we’ll have to face the music.”
Sara sighed. “I know, but I’d prefer it be later - a lot later.” She put her arms around him and Jared held her close.
“I’m not afraid of her. After a living through a lifetime of insults and ridicule, I think I can handle one paleface old lady.”
Sara studied his eyes and smiled. “You don’t know this paleface. Mother has eyes of fire, and she speaks with a forked tongue. No matter what you do for her, it never seems to be enough. Even as a child I could never… please her. It was always, “You need to try harder Sara. I would have done it differently. You’re such a disappointment Sara. When are you going to grow up?” Sara was surprised at how close she mimicked her mother’s voice.
Jared kissed her forehead. “Don’t worry about your mother, at least not right now. The gig is only two weeks away. While you’ve been recovering, the band and I have been doing some work. Now that you’re well, we need to start putting in some serious rehearsal time, get down to business….”
They did have a lot of work to do. Ok, if that’s the way you want to do it. I’ll play along. Sara put as much enthusiasm in her voice as she could conjure up. “When do you want to get started?”
“Now, if you want. I mean, you and I could go over some of your new material, and see how it sounds. It’s on your laptop – right?”
“Yeah, but it’s in our bedroom. Your bedroom - I meant to say.”
Jared looked at her and smiled. “You had it right the first time Angel. It’s our bedroom, even if I don’t sleep in it right now.”
“Jared, can we talk about that?”
Jared looked away. “What’s to talk about?”
“Even though you slept on top of the covers, the first night I stayed here, you slept with me. Why won’t you do it now? I sleep sounder when you’re with me.”
“Sara, I can’t trust myself. That’s why I don’t sleep in the same bed with you. I’m afraid if I did it again, I would end up making love to you.”
“And?”
“And, I already told you why I won’t do that.”
Sara was determined to get some kind of answer. “Why Jared?”
He tried changing the subject. “I thought we were going to practice….”
“I thought we were talking about us,” she countered, determined.
Jared snapped. “Dammit Sara! Why can’t you accept what we have? Why can’t you be happy just being with me? I love you, and before you give up your innocence to me, or anybody else, I want you to be sure.”
Sara rolled her eyes. “Ok, that one caught me by surprise,” she mused. “I thought I had made that crystal clear to you.” Sara walked next to him, put her arms around his neck and stood on her tiptoes, so she could see his eyes. “Don’t you believe me?” Jared just stared at her. She kissed him. “Don’t you want me?” Jared deepened the kiss, crushing his lips to Sara’s, and pressing her hard against his body. There was want there, whether it was lust or love didn’t matter to Sara. She thought maybe, this time Jared was giving in, until he pulled away and stood. 
“Don’t do that!” He was angry again. “Meet me in the studio. I’ll bring your laptop. We’ll work!” he ordered, walking away.
“Fine! If that’s the way you want it!” Sara was angry now too. She would play his game, but she refused to play fairly. She was not going to make it easy on Jared. She was going to tease him and provoke him in any way possible. Jared wasn’t the only one who’d been pushed over the edge. She couldn’t understand how he could want to make love to her one minute, and then jump down her throat the next. Sara shook her head in dismay, went out to the studio, and started practicing. The rules to this game just got nasty….

Chapter 9
A short time later, Jared entered the studio and handed Sara her laptop. “Thank you!” she responded flatly.
Jared sighed deeply. “I’m sorry I snapped at you.” He leaned over to kiss her neck. At the right moment, Sara conveniently moved away, choosing to double knot her shoelace. Jared stared at her back for a few seconds, waiting for a response. When she didn’t give him one, he gave up and sat down at the piano. 
Sara closed her eyes and fought the urge to go to him. She didn’t like hurting him, any more than she already had, but he was leaving her with little choice. Sara was growing tired of tearing down Jared’s brick walls. Every day they got higher, each day a new wall, each one a brick higher. One way or the other, something had to give!
Sara started her midi program, made a copy of the files, and gave it to him. Taking it, Jared deliberately brushed his hand against hers and loaded the file on his piano. He glanced up at her with puzzled eyes. “Ready when you are.” 
Sara nodded, and started playing the intro to the first new song. She was hurting, but giving into her feelings were not part of the plan. She put all her pain into her music. They went through the songs a couple of times. Jared might have changed a few bars of the melody, and slowed the tempo, but those were the only changes he made. 
Sara sat her guitar in its stand and brushed her bangs out of her eyes. “Well, what do you think?”
Jared smiled. “I like it. I think we should get the rest of the band here, and see what they think.”
Sara was surprised. “Now? It’s almost eleven Jared!”
“So, they won’t care. They don’t sleep anyway.” He unlocked his cell. “Hey, Steve, grab Luce. You and Carl head over. I want to do some rehearsing.” Sara couldn’t hear what Steve was saying, but it didn’t sound as if Lucy wanted to rehearse this late.
“Ok, but tomorrow is Saturday. She shouldn’t have to work…. Just check and see…. All right Steve, I’ll see you then. They’ll be here in about half an hour.” He sighed deeply and put his cell away. “Wanna go for a walk?”
Sara needed to work off some stress before the rest of the band got there. “No, but I do feel like dancing. Wanna join me?”
“Yeah, sure. I’ll just patch this stuff through. I’ll be there in a minute.”
Sara went on into the dance hall, and started doing some stretching exercises to loosen up a bit. Jared came in, started the music and walked up to her. “Can I have this dance?” he teased, trying to be cute.
She bit her lip. “If you promise not to step on my toes.” 
Jared grinned wryly, and held open his arms. The music started to play. Sara’s plan had backfired. Jared had called her bluff. She was losing this battle. It wasn’t easy to stay mad at Jared; she’d almost forgotten why they were fighting, almost. 
Jared looked into her eyes and smiled, pulling her closer. 
“This wasn’t what you were supposed to play,” Sara said, swaying against his body.
“Yeah, I know, but I needed to be close to you. This was the only way I could do it. You seem mad at me. What’s wrong?”
“I don’t want to talk about it right now. Please - just hold me and dance with me.” To Sara, this felt so right and natural, the way it was supposed to be. Why was it so hard to get close to Jared now? When they first met, he couldn’t get close enough to her. Now when Sara tried to show him how she felt, he pulled away. She thought about talking to Steve again. He’d been Jared’s buddy the longest. Sara made plans to talk to Steve sometime tonight. If, she could get him away from Jared long enough, and if they had time alone.
Jared whispered in her ear as they danced. “You feel so good in my arms. I don’t want to fight with you Sara. Please, tell me how I can fix this?” He gazed into her eyes.
“Easy, love me. Let go – don’t hold back. Don’t stop what happens. If things get heated up between us, don’t fight it – go with it. If it takes us all the way, then fine.  I know it’s what we both want.”
Jared opened his mouth to protest. “Sara….”
Sara put her fingertips to his lips and shook her head. “Jared, nothing will happen between us unless I want it to. I want you, and I know you want me too, or you wouldn’t keep fighting so hard. Look me in the eyes. Say I’m wrong. Say you don’t want me. Say it and I won’t bring this up again.”
“Sara, I…” Jared stalled. 
“Just say it Jared,” she whispered. “That’s all you’ve got to do.”
“I can’t - it’s not true….”
Sara smiled. “If you’re being honest with me. When we’re done rehearsing, and it’s time for bed, please don’t walk away again. If you do nothing more than hold me in your arms, stay with me. I feel safe in your arms Jared. I won’t push you, if you won’t fight what you feel.”
A slow smile spread across Jared’s mouth. He cradled her face in his hands, staring into her dark eyes. He kissed her passionately several times. “I love you. That’s all I know.” He kissed her again.
Sara was near to tears as she waited for his reply. “Will you do that?”
Finally, Jared nodded.
The rest of the members of the band arrived. 
Lucy hugged Sara. “Hey Kid, how’re you doing?”
Sara glanced at Jared before answering. He smiled at her. Sara sighed deeply and smiled. “I’m fine.”
“Did you want me to help you get your things in the morning?”
Sara stalled. “Ah….” 
Lucy narrowed her eyes, glancing from Jared to Sara. “She’s not coming back… is she?” She looked directly at Jared.
Sara sighed and smiled. “Jared wants me to stay.”
Jared walked up behind Sara and rested his hands on her shoulders. 
Lucy’s voice was serious. “Is that what you want Kid?” 
Sara looked up at Jared. He smiled, bent down, and kissed her. Sara looked back at Lucy. “Yes, it is.”
Lucy sighed, saddened. She teased Jared. “I knew if I let her anywhere near you, this would happen. Kid, your mother is going to kill me for this!”
“I love Sara, Luce….”
“I know….” Lucy sighed deeply. “You’ll have to tell your mother Sara. She’s not going to like this. She’s likely to blow her top, and come after you.”
“Lucy, I’m an adult. She can’t make me go home!”
“She won’t make her go home!” Jared’s voice was low, firm, and final.
Lucy glanced at him out the corner of her eye. “No, I know, but she can make it hard on Sara. You know how she is Sara. She’ll lay the guilt trip on you. She’ll badger you, until you think it’s your decision. The next thing you know, you’ll be heading your car south, and you won’t even know why.”
Sara’s tone was determined. “I’m not going back to Crooked Creek Lucy!”
“I know Kid. We’ll have to deal with Mom when the time comes.” And for Kaye’s sake, I hope she doesn’t cross Jared. That’s one fight… I think she would lose.
------------
Sara and the band practiced the songs for the gig several times. They kept practicing them until they were sure they were just right. It sounded good. Jared made a demo CD for the DJs to play as an advertisement for the show. With just two weeks to go, he wanted them to promote it at least a week beforehand. 
They took pictures, and Jared and Sara designed the sleeve for the jewel case. Everyone was pleased with the results – very professional. The band didn’t stop rehearsing until nearly half past one. Jared offered for everyone to stay over, but they all refused. Steve and Carl were going fishing, and Lucy had to work half a day. At least she would have a chance to get some sleep, since she didn’t have to be there until noon. That left Sara and Jared alone again. 
No matter how much Sara looked forward to tonight, she still had butterflies. She wondered if Jared got them too - probably not. Sara might still be a virgin, but there was no reason for her to think Jared was. It would be rude to ask, so Sara suffered in silence. She decided to sit on the bench by the pond for a while, to clear her thoughts. The night was dead quite, but for the crickets and frogs, that provided a somewhat off-key symphony. The breeze hung heavy with the scent of roses and wisteria. The sky was like a navy blue blanket, sprinkled with silver glitter. Far off in the distance, a lonesome whip-o-will called to its mate. There was the occasional howl of a wolf pack in the nearby woods. Wisteria Hall was Paradise. Sara understood why Jared wanted it so badly. 
Sara slid off the bench, and lay back on the cool grass, propping her head on her arms, watching the misty clouds that drifted over the half-crescent moon. She closed her eyes for only a few seconds, and when she opened them again, he was there. Sara jumped. Jared was lying beside her, propped up on one elbow, looking down at her. 
“Can I come in?” His voice was soft and warm.
Sara raised an eyebrow. “Come in where? I don’t understand. How did you sneak up on me like that? I didn’t hear a sound.”
 Jared grinned. “Redman - remember? It’s in my genes.”
“Oh, right – sorry - I forgot,” she sighed.  “You didn’t answer my question.”
Jared smiled. “You were a million miles away. I just wanted to know if I’m still allowed in your world. What were you thinking about?”
Sara looked back up at the sky. “Nothing in particular. I was just enjoying the night. Well, morning, now. I was thinking, how peaceful it is - I love it here. It’s not loud and busy, like Lucy’s.”
Jared sighed. “I knew you would, even when I bought it. It’s one of the reasons I snapped it up.” He laughed. “I always liked ‘Gone With The Wind’. This place reminded me of it.”
Sara watched a shooting star. “It does, kind of.”
“My parent’s house, down in Texas was rather small,” Jared continued without prompting. “I had to keep my trinkets and artifacts, in storage boxes, hidden away. I promised myself; someday I would buy a really big house. When I did, I would put them out, so they could be seen, and enjoyed. Then, when I bought Wisteria Hall, I made the Navajo room and put it all out, properly displayed.”
“Well, you’ve certainly done a good job. That room looks more like a museum exhibit.”
Jared laughed again. “I know I went a little overboard on some things, here at the house. I spent a great deal of money, researching its past. I wanted to restore it as near to the way it was as I could. The stone bridge across the stream, and the arch in the rose garden, for example. It wasn’t there, even when I bought the house. The old lady had it removed, when she inherited the house, after the war. You see,” he said, running his finger along the side of Sara’s cheek. “A lot of the original house was destroyed during the war.”
“The Civil War?”
Jared nodded. “I guess its previous owner was not as attuned to detail as I am. She didn’t bother having it restored. The whole of the West end of the house was falling down. According to the local library, a cannon hit next to the foundation, and that whole side of the house crumbled to the ground. It killed some of the slaves. Apparently, the owner had that part of the house set aside for servants. That’s why it’s not quite as lavished as the rest. I had it done that way on purpose. Slave quarters weren’t that important and were usually built with more common material than the main house.”
“I wondered why it had wooden floors and old-style wall paper. Even the curtains look like movie props. That was down to you?”
Jared smiled and nodded again. “Yes. That’s also the reason I chose to build the Navajo room in that part of the house. It reminds me of where my people came from.”
Sara studied his eyes. “I’m looking forward to seeing that. When is the convention?”
“In Arizona you mean?”
“Uh huh,” Sara nodded. 
“It’s near the end of August. We’ll need to start getting ready for the show after we’ve finished the Reunion gig.”
The butterflies in Sara’s stomach changed to pterodactyls. “How many people do you think will be at the gig?”
Jared smiled. “More than you can count, I would imagine, if I have my way. I intend to get at least a week’s worth of advertisement from the radio stations. I’ve got a few, ‘incentives’ for them to play our stuff.”
Sara grinned. “You mean you’re going to bribe them?”
“No!” Jared responded, looking first shocked and then smiled. “I’m just going to pull in a few favors. Besides, once they’ve heard you sing, they won’t need to be bribed. You’ll have them eating out of your hand Sara.”
“Could we talk about something else right now? I’ve had butterflies ever since you told me about it. The closer the gig gets, the bigger my butterflies get!”
Jared stroked Sara’s face with his fingers. “You have absolutely nothing to worry about. Like I told you. I’ll get rid of all your fears, starting tonight.” Jared leaned down and kissed her. At first, his kiss was soft and gentle, like before. Then, he deepened it, until Sara was almost breathless.
She pushed his face away slightly. “Don’t! Please – no more teasing. I can’t take it.”
Jared rolled over on top of her, propping his weight on his elbow. “No more teasing,” he said, before his lips covered hers. His kiss was hot, wet and hungry. He kissed her repeatedly like that. Sara’s body was a pool of desire. “Sara, if you don’t want this. You better tell me now, while I still have an ounce of control left. Are you sure you want me this way?”
Sara looked up at him through desire dazed eyes. “More than anything.” 
Jared kissed her again and stood, holding out his hand. He helped her to her feet, pulling her hard against his body. His kisses were sucking the breath from her. When she swayed, he scooped her up into his arms. 
Sara wrapped her arms around his neck, tangling her fingers in his long black hair. She was getting heated up, but she was afraid of letting go. Afraid of the disappointment that would be coming soon, when he pulled away. Jared didn’t. His lips left her mouth, and he started kissing her face. Down the sides of her neck. He kissed her passionately again and pulled back slightly.
“Let’s take this upstairs,” he whispered, staring into her eyes. 
Sara tried to read his eyes, but there was no hesitation or doubt in her answer. “Ok,” she nodded. 
Jared carried her back in the house, and started up the stairs, not taking his eyes off hers. They were a quarter of the way up to the first floor, when Jared’s butler stopped them.
“Sir, there’s a phone call for you from your father,” Gerald said, holding out the phone. Jared reached, still not taking his eyes off Sara’s. “I’ll take it in the bedroom,” he said, handing the phone back to Gerald.
------------
Jared sat Sara on the bed, leaned down, and kissed her again. “I hope this won’t take long.” He put the phone to his ear, and looked back at Sara, hunger still blazing in his eyes. “I’ve got it Gerald.” He turned his back to Sara and spoke softly so she couldn’t hear. A couple minutes later, Jared turned and sat on the side of the bed, his face troubled, his eyes glazed with tears. 
Sara furrowed her brow, concerned. “Jared, what is it?”
“It’s my grandfather. I have to go to Arizona.”
“What’s wrong with your grandfather?”
“He’s had a severe stroke and lapsed into a coma. They don’t expect him to live. I’m sorry to do this to you, but I have to go. I’ll drop you off at Lucy’s, or you can stay here, if you want to.”
Sara stood. “I’d rather go with you….”
Jared held her. “Call Lucy. I’ve got some suitcases in the closet. Get them out, and pack our things. Whatever else we need, we’ll buy it in Arizona. I’ll go down to the office and arrange the flights. You do understand we might be down there for a while?”
“Yeah, it’ll be fine, just go. I’ll call her while I pack.” Sara pushed Lucy’s speed button, turned on the external speaker, and laid her cell on the night stand. 
Several rings later, Lucy answered in a sleepy voice.
“Lucy, it’s me. I’m sorry to wake you, but Jared’s grandfather has had a stroke.”
“Oh my god. Is he ok?”
“Not really. Jared said he’d slipped into a coma. They’re not expecting him to live.”
“Oh, god, Sara. Is Jared ok?”
“Not really. I’m flying with him to Arizona.”
“Oh your mother will not like that.”
“Lucy, I love Jared. I need to be with him. If she calls, tell her what you have to. It’s not going to make any difference. I’m already in the doghouse. I have to go. I’ll see you when we get back. Oh, Jared said to tell Steve and Carl, he’d call them when we got to Arizona, and let them know what’s going on.”
“All right, I will,” she said. “Take care and be careful. I’d say have a good trip, but I doubt you will.”
“Thanks, I love you Lucy. I wish Mom was more like you!”
Lucy smiled. “Hey Kid, what are you going to do for clothes? You haven’t picked up the rest of your things yet.”
“Jared said he’ll buy me whatever I need. I have to run. He’s back. We have to leave.” Sara ended the call. “Get it done?”
“Yeah. We need to be at the airport in fifteen minutes.”
“That was quick. I thought it would take longer to get the tickets.”
Jared added some items he’d taken out of the bathroom to their suitcase. “Not if you tell them you’re a doctor and this is an emergency. Have you got all your things in here now? Can I close it?”
“Yeah. Can I bring my laptop and guitar?”
“Laptop - yes. Guitar – no. It may get damaged in cargo. Since it won’t fit in the overhead compartment, they would probably regard it as a safety hazard. Besides, I’ve got an old one that stays at my parents.”
“I’m ready then.”
“I’ve phoned my mother. She knows I’m bringing you, and she said we could stay at her house with the rest of the family. Joe, my older brother and his wife, may fly in from New Zealand, but you’ll like them too, especially Joe. He’s a paleogeologist.”
Sara furrowed her brow. “A paleo-what?”
Jared chuckled. “Paleogeologist. He deals with the historical, geological state of a particular area.”
“So, he studies rocks and minerals?”
“He tries to figure out how rocks and minerals formed.”
“Oh! I see,” she responded, none the wiser. She changed the subject, “I thought your parents lived in El Dorado.”
“They used to, but they moved to Arizona when my grandmother passed. Dad wanted to live closer to his father so he could look after him. Taking care of our elders is very important to my people.”
“Are they going to be ok with my being there?” Sara was apprehensive. “Under the circumstances, I don’t want to cause you any problems.” 
Jared smiled. “Sara, they’re excited about meeting you, my mother and my sister, especially.”
Sara sighed, noticeably. “I was afraid they might try to scalp me, or make me go through the swatting line before they accepted me.”
Jared grinned. He knew she was joking. “Ah – Sara - it’s the Apache that make you run the gauntlet, not the Navajo. Besides, my mother’s wall is already lined with scalps from mine and my sister’s previous conquests,” he said looking deadly serious. Sara’s eyes widened, and she swallowed hard. He grabbed the suitcases. “Come on, Silly. We don’t have time for this. Our taxi should be here any minute.”
“We’re not taking your car to the airport?”
“No. I don’t know how long we’ll be gone, and I don’t trust airport storage that much.”
Sara swung her laptop and purse over her shoulder and followed Jared downstairs. Gerald met them on the bottom floor. “I’ll take those Sir,” Gerald said, reaching for their luggage.
“Put them in the foyer, Gerald. I’m going out and make sure the studio is locked up tight. Tell Steve and Carl, if they use it while we’re gone, to make sure it’s locked before they leave.” Jared kissed Sara. “You wait for the taxi. If it comes before I get back, send Gerald out for me. I’ll try to be quick.” Jared kissed Sara again and left.
Sara followed Gerald to the foyer. “Gerald?”
Gerald turned. “Yes, Miss Sara.” He patiently waited.
Sara lounged against the wall. “How long have you worked for Jared?”
“About five years.” He sat the luggage by the front door and walked next to Sara. “I was part of the house staff. When Mr. Thundercloud became the new owner, he let Cassie and I stay on.” 
Sara smiled. “That sounds like Jared,” she mused.
“Will there be anything else, Miss Sara? Perhaps some coffee while you wait.”
“Yes, please.” Sara knew coffee would help her stay awake and alert. It was late, and she was exhausted from all the rehearsing, and the emotional stress of the day.
“I’ll bring a cart out for you shortly.” Gerald disappeared. 
Sara sat on the foot of the stairs, waiting for Jared. A few minutes later, Gerald wheeled a serving cart next to Sara. He handed her a cup of coffee. Sara smiled and nodded.
“Sugar or cream, Miss Sara?”
“Just cream, thank you.” Gerald tipped some cream in her cup.
“Well, everything’s secure,” Jared said, reaching for his cup. “Oh, thank you Gerald. I needed this.”
Gerald smiled. “I thought you might Sir. Will there be anything else?”
“No, this is fine.”
“Then I’ll say goodnight Sir. Have a safe trip, and I do hope your grandfather will be well soon.”
“Thank you, Gerald,” Jared responded with a slight smile. He sat down on the step beside Sara, and they drank their coffee. He smiled. “I can’t tell you what it means to me to have you with me. For you to want to go with me, like this. You don’t have to, you know. After all, you don’t know my family, yet.”
“I always want to be with you Jared.”
Jared laced his fingers with hers, squeezed her hand, and then brought it up to his lips, kissing it. Then he kissed her lips. 
The doorbell rang. Jared answered it. “Yes, you can take those,” he said, referring to the luggage. “We’ll be right out. Time to go, Angel,” he said, poking his head around the corner. “Just leave your cup on the table by the stairs. Gerald will find it when he does cleaning rounds.”
Jared and Sara got in, and the driver headed for the airport. Jared leaned his head down to hers and kissed her. “I’m sorry we were interrupted tonight,” he whispered in her ear, kissing the side of her neck. 
Sara sighed. “Me too.”
“We will get there. I promise,” he whispered, and kissed the top of her head.

Chapter 10
Early in the morning, even for a busy city like Shreveport, there was little traffic on the road. The drive to the airport was short. Jared and Sara arrived on time with minutes to spare. After the driver had sat their luggage on the pavement, Jared paid him, and he pulled away. Sara waited by the luggage while Jared got a valet. 
Sara looked forward to seeing Arizona. She’d always wanted to visit there - just not under these conditions. This would be her first commercial flight, and she felt a bit apprehensive. To date, the biggest aircraft Sara had been in had been her father’s Cessna. James was a contracted fire-spotter, for the State Forestry Division. On rare occasions, when James was sure it was safe, he would take Sara and her mother up with him. It wasn’t Sara’s first flight; she’d been in the air before.
------------
The valet loaded their luggage on a cart. Sara and Jared followed him to the check-in point. She nervously paced in the small space to the side of the counter, while Jared paid for their tickets. He told the flight attendant he was a doctor on an emergency flight. Among the first to board the plane were Jared and Sara. It didn’t take long before they were in the air and headed to their first stop - a fifty-one minute layover in Atlanta, Georgia. 
The flight to Arizona would normally have taken five hours, but they ran into some turbulence over the coast, and had to make a slight diversion. Six hours later, they touched down in Phoenix. 
Jared and Sara took another taxi to his parent’s house. Sara was a little surprised by the size of it. From Jared’s description of their house in El Dorado, Sara was expecting a small wooden frame house, or a tepee. The lack of attention Sara had paid during her tenth grade American History class had left her at a disadvantage. She intended to find a Specialties Bookstore where she could buy some books on Navajo Indians, at the earliest convenience. Maybe a little research might spare her future embarrassment.
------------
The Thundercloud’s house was almost as large as Wisteria Hall. There was a dirt road leading to the circle drive and garage at the front of the house, and another one leading past the house, that disappeared into the distance. 
The exterior walls were made of medium peachy-terracotta stucco, with dark-brown wooden shutters. Various indigenous succulents, desert flowers, and shrubs were arranged in neat flowerbeds, in the front garden. 
The house was split-level. On the top floor, were the bedrooms and a pleasantly sized library. The ground floor comprised of a vast open-plan lounge, dining, and kitchen area that led into a glass conservatory, and then onto a boarded patio area. At the edge, beyond the pool, it changed to lush green grass the full length of the large back garden. Considering Sara was expecting dust earth, tumbleweeds and giant cacti as scenery, this was a little surprising.
The taxi driver waited while they put their things in the house. Jared and Sara got back in the taxi and rode to the hospital. On the way, Jared phoned to check on his grandfather. The old man was still in a coma.
------------
Hand in hand, Jared and Sara headed for the hospital entrance. Sara’s nerves and stomach were twisted in knots. She took a deep breath and sighed heavily. Jared squeezed her hand as they walked through the sliding glass doors to the information desk.
“Nervous?”
“Yes.”
“Don’t be.”
“That’s easy for you to say.”
Jared laughed and brought her hand to his lips, kissing it. “They’re anxious to meet you Angel.”
“You’ve talked to them about me?”
“Sara, in my family, finding our perfect match, or at least someone we love, is a big thing. Finding our perfect match is next to miraculous.”
“I thought it was a common thing for your tribal leaders.”
 “Don’t you wish?” he smiled and scoffed. “It rarely ever happens, and certainly not this early in life. We could quite possibly spend the biggest part of our lives with someone who is not our perfect match before we find them, and, in some cases, it may never happen.” Jared’s mood darkened. Sara wondered why, but now was not the time to ask questions, not of that nature. She was there for Jared’s grandfather and to support him and his family. 
Jared continued. “Usually, when we do find someone as I found you there’s a special meaning behind it,” he said, his voice trailing off.
Sara smiled, and tried to look convincing. Great! As if she didn’t already have enough pressure to deal with, now she was meeting her boyfriend’s family, and they’d already put her on a pedestal. That would give her that much farther to fall when she failed. And, she did expect to fail. Sara knew a relationship as distinctive as the one she and Jared shared could not come without a price. A price she would have to pay, but a risk she would gladly take.
 Jared closed his eyes, and pinched the bridge of his nose, fighting stinging tears. His voice was choked with emotion. “I wish Granddad had….”
“I wouldn’t give up on him Jared. Old people may seem fragile as tissue paper, but they can be tough as nails.” Sara touched his hand.
Jared frowned angrily. “I’m not giving up Sara. I’m being realistic. It depends on the type of stroke he’s had, and the amount of damage it’s done. Remember, Granddad has already had one stroke. Keeping that in mind, Granddad could pull through with minimal damage, he could pull through, but not come out of the coma and have to be put on life support for the rest of his life, or,” he hesitated. “He may not… pull through at all.”
Jared put his arm around Sara’s waist as they approached the desk. A nurse closer to Jared’s age, who was trying extremely hard to impress him, gave them directions to his grandfather’s room. Jared was polite to her, but it was obvious, the only thing he wanted from her, was what he got - information. Her high hopes plummeted when Jared kissed Sara’s forehead, and told her that he loved her, right in front of the nurse. She sighed, glared at Sara, and answered the phone.
Jared and Sara rode the elevator up to the second floor, stepping out into a busy corridor. They meandered down the long hall to room 212C. A private room in the CCU ward. A man in his early fifties, with mid-back length, jet-black hair, sprinkled with the odd strand of silver, met them at the door, his face creased with concern. 
Jared’s voice was low, filled with admiration. “How is he Dad?”
Jared’s father shook his head. “He’s not good Shiye.”
“Sara, this is my father, Thomas Thundercloud. Dad, this is Sara Foster.”
Tom smiled. “How are you, Sara?” he asked, shaking her hand. “I’m pleased you came with Jared. We’ve been looking forward to meeting you. Did you have a nice flight?”
Sara smiled and shook his hand. “It wasn’t bad, Mr. Thundercloud.”
“Please, call me Tom Sara.  Jared, you and Sara wait here; I’ll get your mother. Despite the circumstances, you know how excited she’s going to be when she sees Sara. I think introducing them in the corridor, rather than in the room is the safer idea,” Tom said, looking directly at Sara. 
Jared smiled. “Yes it would. Brace yourself Angel,” Jared said, leaning in, whispering in her ear, and deliberately brushing his lips against the side of her neck. “Mother can get a little emotional.”
Jared’s warm breath tickled Sara’s ear, and the side of her neck, re-igniting a familiar burning inside her. That wasn’t fair. Jared knew how that affected her. Sara fought to regain her wits, while Tom collected his wife.
Tom opened the door, and a woman in her late forties followed him out. She had long black and silver hair, which she wore in a single braid down the middle of her back. Her face lit as she hugged Jared tight. Then the tears started flowing. “Shiyaazh! I’ve missed you so much.” She eyed Sara approvingly. “You’ve got to be Sara.”
Jared put his arm around Sara’s waist and smiled at her, “Mother, this is Sara Foster. She’s my – ah – she’s my girlfriend,” he said, trying to find a suitable word to describe their relationship. Sara and Jared were so much more than friends, but not yet lovers.
Jared’s mother studied Sara’s eyes for a few seconds. She grinned. “Nizhoni!” she whispered to Jared. 
Jared beamed and winked at Sara. She wondered what the Navajo words meant. She decided it was another compelling reason for her to find some books, and get started reading. The sooner – the better. Sara knew her chances of finding books on Navajo Indians in the hospital gift shop were slim-to-none. She guessed it would have to wait. It wasn’t that imperative right now anyway. Jared and his family were.
Jared squeezed Sara tighter. “Yes, she is… very!”
“Welcome Sara. My name is Nadine, but you can call me Nada, or Mother if you prefer.” Jared gave Sara a worried glance. Sara’s eyes widened. “I’m pleased to meet you at last,” Nadine continued, hugging Sara. “Jared speaks very fondly of you.”
Jared smiled, slightly embarrassed. “Where’s Myra?”
“She’s at the cafeteria, getting us some coffee. I’ll ring her and tell her to pick up a couple more.”
“I don’t want any,” Jared responded and glanced at Sara. “Sara?”
“No thank you.”
“Jared, you and Sara, should go in and see your grandfather soon,” Nadine suggested, a note of concern in her voice. “Tom and I will stay out here while you visit. The nurses get a little cranky if more than two or three people are in there at a time.”
Jared knew Sara was nervous about meeting his family. To Sara, it was crucial that she be accepted. He took her hand and squeezed it for moral support. “Come on Angel.” They entered the room. Jared quietly closed the door behind them. His grandfather was connected to all kinds of tubes and equipment. Had it not been for this, he looked as though he was sleeping. His wizen face showed no sign of pain or suffering. Jared’s mood changed to one of respect and reverence as he led Sara to the side of the bed. He kissed his grandfather’s forehead and leaned close to his ear, whispering something in his native tongue. Even though Sara couldn’t understand what he’d said, from the tone of voice, she knew they must be words of endearment. A single tear slid down Jared’s cheek, and he quickly brushed it off. 
Sara bit her lower lip to keep it from quivering. Not so much for Jared’s grandfather, she didn’t know the old man, but for Jared. It hurt Sara to see him cry. She squeezed his hand. Jared looked back at her and weakly smiled. Sara loved Jared, and his pain was almost unbearable for her.
“Grandfather, you were right – she was real. She’s here with me. This is Sara. The girl we spoke about, years ago. You remember – the girl from my dreams?” Of course, the old man couldn’t answer Jared, but Jared rattled on.
Sara lightly touched the back of the old man’s hand. It hardly felt warm, almost lifeless. From her own experience, Sara sensed death couldn’t be far away. “It’s an honor to meet you Sir,” she said, trying to keep an even voice.
“Sara, I need to speak with David Whitefeather, Granddad’s doctor. I want to see if David can tell me any more about Granddad’s condition. Would you sit with him?”
“Sure.”
“I’ll send Mother back in to sit with you, so you won’t be alone,” he said as he left the room.
------------
“Hi again Sara,” Nadine whispered as she walked up beside her. Sara nodded and smiled. Nadine motioned to a couple of chairs in the corner. Sara was half expecting to be raked across the coals. To her surprise, Nadine was courteous. She wanted to know all about Sara. Who her parents were. Where she went to school. When Nadine asked Sara if she had any Indian blood in her family, Sara’s heart jumped in her throat. This is the part where she decides I’m not good enough for Jared.
Sara told Nadine as far as she knew, she didn’t. Genealogy was not one of Sara’s strong points. Besides, with the hatred Mother feels to Native Americans – how could I?
Nadine raised both eyebrows curiously. “That’s interesting….”
Sara’s eyes widened. Her pulse quickened. “Is that a problem?”
Nadine patted Sara’s hand and smiled. “No Honey. It’s not a problem - just interesting.” Then Nadine started sharing stories about Jared and his sister, when they were children.
“Nada… thanks for letting me stay at your home.”
Nadine softly laughed. She seemed surprised. “Where else would you have expected to stay Sara? You’re with Jared. I wouldn’t throw my daughter out on the streets, or expect her to stay at a crummy hotel. You’re family Sara. You’re always welcome in our home. I just wish we’d met under more pleasant circumstances. Jared should have brought you to see us sooner.”
“Actually, Jared and I haven’t known each other that long.”
Nadine laughed again. “Oh but you have Sara. Just not in the waking world.” She patted Sara’s hand again and glanced at Jared’s grandfather. “Sara, Jared has shared stories with me about you since you were ten. I assume he’s shown you his sketches?”
Sara smiled. “Yes he has. Jared is a talented artist.” 
From the way Nadine was talking to Sara, it was obvious even she believed Sara was Jared’s ‘dream girl’. Maybe she was – maybe she wasn’t. It didn’t matter to Sara, and Jared had already made it quite clear, that it didn’t matter to him either. If Jared’s family wanted to believe she was the girl from Jared’s dreams that was good enough for Sara. She felt more at home and welcome here, than she did at her mother’s. 
Sara and Kaye hadn’t seen eye-to-eye in a long time. Nadine hadn’t judged Sara like Kaye would Jared. It felt nice to Sara to be accepted without conditions or criticisms. Eventually, Sara would have to introduce Kaye and Jared. When she did, Sara hoped her mother would at least be civil to him.
“Jared says he became a doctor because of what happened to my mother-in-law, but I don’t think that’s entirely right. I think you’re the reason,” Nadine continued.
Sara furrowed her brow. “I don’t understand.”
“Well, you see, it troubled Jared when you were hurt or ill in his dreams. He wanted to take care of you, and he felt, by him becoming a doctor, he would be able to do that. You’re the only girl he’s ever been serious about. Well, really serious about anyway. Has he told you about the girl from Australia?”
“Yes, he’s told me a little about Eve.”
“She seemed like a nice girl in the beginning, but she used Jared, and hurt him. She was very jealous of you.” Nadine smiled.
“How could she be jealous of me?”
“When Jared started getting serious about Eve, he felt it was only right, so he told her about you. From that point on, she changed. She was jealous of you, and she led him on. Eve never loved Jared, but she failed to tell Jared any of this until she’d broken his heart. Jared was heartbroken, but not so much as he would be if it didn’t work out with you. But enough talk about that,” she said, patting Sara’s hand again. “She was never right for him, not like you,” Nadine added earnestly.
“Nada… even if things don’t work out for us, I would never do anything to hurt Jared.”
“I know Sara. You’ve been there with him from the beginning, even when he was with Eve. You would no more hurt Jared than he would hurt you. He loves you Sara.”
Sara smiled. “I love him too. I know some would say it’s silly, considering how long we’ve known each other, but I do love Jared. I have no doubts about that.”
“To an outsider, it would be silly, but not to Jared, and certainly not to us. We don’t see things the way the rest of the world does. Many a match is made in the dream world that never sees the light of day. What has happened between you and Jared is rare - special. Just because we’re shown our perfect match in our dreams, does not guarantee we will find them in the waking world. It all depends on how much we’re willing to sacrifice, and how patient we are. It also depends on how much we’re willing to sacrifice for them.”
Nadine checked on the old man, and then continued, eager for Sara to hear the whole story. The more Nadine told Sara, the more Sara believed.
“You see, it used to be that in the dream world every Navajo was shown his or her perfect match. Then, times changed, and our people became more modernized. Now days, only a chosen few enjoy this gift, tribal leaders and high council elders. Even still, some of them refuse it, because they don’t want to wait. They mistake what feels like the real thing, and then they forget the promises made to us by our ancestors.”
Nadine paused briefly, sighed, and then continued. “People put more trust in today’s modern ways of life. Jared almost made that mistake. Thank goodness you were patient with him. You stuck by him, and kept reminding him that you were out there, waiting. Even when the mortal part of your spirit thought it had found true love, your immortal part held fast. You kept steering events in the right direction for the day when you and Jared would meet in the waking world.”
“Nada, Jared believes I’m his perfect match – the girl from his dream. What if I’m not? Is there any way of knowing for sure? If the girl in his dreams is his destiny, I don’t want to be the one that stands between them.” 
Nadine sighed. “Oh you are a noble one. There is one way of knowing for sure.”
“Tell me, please, I need to know.”
Nadine opened her mouth to speak. Sara sat, her attention piqued, eagerly waiting.
There was a tap on the door. Nadine glanced at it. “Later,” she silently mouthed and turned. “Come in,” she said.
A girl with long, straight jet-black hair that shone like obsidian came through the door with two cups of piping hot coffee in her hands. “Would you hurry up and get this – it’s burning my hand, Mother!” she grumbled.
“Myra, this is Sara, Jared’s girlfriend. Sara, Myra is Jared’s sister.”
Myra’s attitude changed, almost as though a weight had been lifted off her shoulders. “I am so pleased to meet you Sara. We’ve been waiting a very long time for you.”
Sara furrowed her brow in confusion. How can they all know so much about me? I’ve been accepted as a member of their family even before I met them, and I hardly know their names. “It’s nice to meet you too Myra.” 
Myra glanced at Nadine, her mood serious, “Have you told her yet?”
Nadine glared at Myra. “No, I haven’t, not yet.” Myra cowered. Apparently, she’d said too much.
Sara glanced from Myra to Nadine. “Told me what?” 
There was another tap on the door. Jared and David Whitefeather, the old man’s doctor, walked through. “What is this?” Dave looked annoyed. “I told you, two visitors at a time.”
Sara stood, volunteering. “I think I could use that coffee now.” 
Myra stood too. “I’ll go with you.” Nadine gave Myra a look of warning and so did Jared. “I’m just going to show her where the coffee shop is – ok? Geez!” Myra rolled her eyes. 
What was going on in the Thundercloud triangle of secrecy? Why were Jared and Nadine so concerned for Sara to be alone with Myra? Was Myra likely to tell Sara something she needed to know, or maybe something Sara didn’t want to hear?

Chapter 11
Jared fixed a warning glare on Myra, his voice strained. “Myra, I’m sure Sara doesn’t want someone tagging behind her like a lost puppy.” 
Jared’s response piqued Sara’s curiosity. She slightly furrowed her brow. “No, I don’t mind Jared,” she said, hoping he wouldn’t press the issue. “I would appreciate the company. Without somebody’s guidance, I probably would have gotten lost anyway,” she added, now even more determined. 
Jared moved toward them, keeping his fixed gaze on his sister. “Then I’ll go with you.”
Myra drew in a quick, shallow breath, looking nervous.
Sara glanced from Myra to Jared, bewildered and confused. She sighed and swallowed hard. “No, Jared. You stay. You need to be here for your grandfather. Besides,” she added, faking a smile. “Myra can get me there and back. Can’t you Myra?”
Myra nervously glanced from Jared to Sara, as if she were afraid to answer. Finally, she sighed and smiled, moving towards the door with Sara. “Sure I can,” she scoffed, but Sara could tell Myra’s smile was forced. 
Myra seemed frightened of Jared in some way. To a certain extent, he frightened Sara too. She’d seen Jared upset. He’d even been upset with her, but this was new. Almost as if Jared had a split-personality. A dark side, fearful, intriguing, but filled with mystery.
Sara was now eager to be alone with Myra. Whether it was good or bad, if there were something Sara needed to know, she wanted to know about it before it caused problems between her and Jared.
Myra smiled, nodded, and attempted to move closer to Sara. Jared grabbed her wrist, hard, holding her firmly. For that few seconds, he locked eyes with her. Myra’s smile faded. She looked as if she might cry.
“Don’t!” Jared said in a low, guttural growl, squeezing her wrist. 
Myra’s eyes widened. She nodded submissively, blinking a couple of times as if she were in a trance. “I won’t Jared…” her voice was barely above a weak whisper. She grimaced. “I promise,” she stressed. 
There was no mistaking the expression on Myra’s face. It was a mixture of pain and fear. Sara could see it in Myra’s eyes, and hear the threat in Jared’s voice. He wasn’t making a request. He was giving her a command.
Why is he acting like this? He never acted that way around me. Whatever it means, and whatever is going on, it isn’t right….
There were dark secrets in Jared’s family, and now, thanks to Jared, Myra wasn’t going to share them with Sara – or was she? Maybe Jared had decided Sara wasn’t who he thought she was. Maybe there would be a curse put on his family if he stayed with Sara.  One way or the other, whether Jared liked it or not, Sara was determined to find out, somehow.
------------
Myra started towards the elevator. “Do you mind if we take the stairs?”
Myra held the door for Sara. “No, I don’t mind.” 
Sara tried to sound casual, as they started down the first flight of stairs. “What was that all about?” 
Myra scoffed, trying to play it down. “Oh, Jared is sometimes overbearing.” Especially when it comes to you. She chuckled. “Don’t pay him any mind – I don’t. He’s just being paranoid.”
Sara raised an eyebrow. Oh no you don’t!  I’m not buying that. They neared the next flight of stairs. “What did Jared mean when he said, ‘Don’t!”
Myra stopped, locking her eyes on Sara’s, her voice steady and determined. “I can’t tell you,” she said, as they started down the next flight of stairs.
 “Why?” Sara was persistent. “Is it because you’re afraid it will make Jared mad?”
Myra nodded, sighing. “That’s part of it….” 
Sara was getting desperate. They were nearing the exit door. She gently held Myra’s wrist. “So tell me now,” she insisted, studying Myra’s eyes. “I won’t tell him, and he’ll never know – I promise….” 
Myra glanced down at her wrist, and back into Sara’s eyes, her voice remorseful. “I can’t Sara! It’s not that I don’t want to tell you. I can’t.” She swallowed hard and sighed. “Jared knew you were going to ask, and if I tell you….”
“How could he know that?”
“Because he knows you,” she blurted. “Probably better than you know yourself. You’ve shared secrets with him - in his dreams. He knows what you’re going to do, or better yet… what you’re likely to do.”
Sara rolled her eyes. “Oh this is hopeless. I don’t believe in all that hocus-pocus stuff,” she lied. That wasn’t entirely true. Sara reasoned if Myra thought she didn’t believe in legends and stories, if there were secrets, Myra would be more inclined to share them with Sara.
Myra turned, her eyes pitch black, and somber. She quickly glanced around as if she were being watched. “Has he shown you the sketches?” she asked in a loud whisper.
“The ones from his dreams?” Sara countered.
Myra nodded, and again, glanced around nervously. “Yes….” 
Sara narrowed her eyes in curiosity. “Yes, he has. They’re remarkable, to say the least.”
“All of them?” Myra pressed. “How many has he shown you?”
Sara shrugged, running her fingers through her bangs. “I don’t know – ah, let me think. Let see… he showed me one where I was ten, one where I was thirteen, one where I was sixteen, one where we met and one where he was holding me out over the rock cliff – why?”
“That’s all… he’s shown you?”
Sara leaned forward. “Yes. Are there more?” she prompted.
Myra drew in a deep breath and exhaled forcefully. “Talk to Jared. Ask him that question Sara. It’s not for me to say, and if I did, he’d never forgive me.”
Sara studied her eyes a few more seconds and then let go of Myra’s wrist. No matter what she did, it didn’t look as if Myra would break. Myra held the door open, and they stepped out, walking down a short corridor. Inside, through some double doors, the coffee shop was buzzing with life. They bought their coffees and sat at a table toward the back of the room.
 “Look Myra,” Sara said, making another attempt – a last desperate attempt. “If there are more sketches, I’m not asking you to show me the pictures – if there are more that I haven’t seen. I’m just asking if there are more.”
Again, Myra quickly glanced around the room with anxious eyes. “Yes,” she said after a long pause, her voice barely above a whisper. “But, if you want to know more, you’ll have to ask Jared,” she added forcefully. Myra was as determined to keep the secret hid as Sara was to discover it. She wasn’t going to help Sara. 
“Ok,” Sara sighed, disappointed. “I will, but can you tell me one more thing?” she asked, determinedly.
“Jared was right – you are stubborn. I shouldn’t have told you what I have.”
Sara placed her hand over Myra’s. “Please, Myra.” 
“All right, go on – but if it’s something I’m not supposed to….”
Sara waved her hands in defeat. “Then you don’t have to answer - fair enough?” Myra nodded. “Are there any books where I can find out more about these dreams and visions, and what it is that you’ve been forbidden to tell me?”
Myra furrowed her brow, agitated. “I haven’t been forbidden not to tell you Sara.”
“Then why are you afraid of Jared?”
Myra scowled. “I’m not afraid of Jared!”
Sara leaned forward. “Then why won’t you answer my questions – even about a book?”
Myra studied Sara’s eyes for a while. Finally, she sighed. “There are books, but not all of them tell the truth. Many of our sacred and secret legends have been printed. Most, I’m afraid you’ll find, have been colored to suit the commercial needs of the authors. Truth seldom makes money Sara. Hollywood and authors have all but destroyed our sacred rites and ceremonies, and they don’t understand them – what they mean, and what they can do – if misused.”
“All right,” Sara said, sighing again. “I understand that, and that’s why I’m asking your advice now, before I make a stupid mistake. Will you help me sort through the truth and fiction?”
Myra drew in a deep sigh, “As much as I can, but I will not….”
“Fine,” Sara interjected. “I won’t pressure you.”
“When did you want to go?”
Sara was anxious. “How about now?”
“Now would not be a good time Sara. Jared knows where we are. If we’re gone longer than he expects us to be, he will become suspicious, and we’ll both get into trouble. If there’s one thing you don’t want to do, it’s to get on Jared’s bad side.” Myra laughed, trying to diffuse the atmosphere. “Not that you could ever bring out that side of him anyway.” Myra started sipping her coffee, signaling to Sara that the discussion was closed. 
Sara sighed in frustration. Man… this family keeps a tight lip about certain things. “So when do you want to go to the bookstore then?” she asked again.
“This will have to be a joint effort,” Myra said. “Jared, knowing what he knows…” she said, raising an eyebrow at Sara as a warning not to ask. “He’s going to be on his guard around you. He’s probably not going to let you out of his sight without a good reason. Let me talk to Mother. She might help us. She’s not quite as rigid as Jared, but she’s still more likely to listen to him than I am,” she said, laughing again. The atmosphere had become extremely tense. Sara could tell Myra was trying to throw her off. 
I can play this game too. Sara smiled. “That would certainly explain why he didn’t want me to be alone with you.” Sara knew there was more to this, but for now, she was letting it slide.
“You got it!” Myra said. “Older brothers,” she scoffed.
Sara grinned slightly, satisfied her plan had worked. Myra wasn’t as tense. “How long will it take you to set this up?” Sara pressed, anxious to get started. Sara liked solving mysteries, and she was willing to work to find the answer, but not when it involved something about Jared.
Myra cunningly narrowed her eyes again. “Well, first, I didn’t say I could do it, I said I would talk to her. Mother can be as stubborn as Jared, when she wants to. I’ll talk to her when we leave. We’re supposed to go by the feed-n-seed, and get supplies for the horses.”
“You have horses?” Sara asked, trying to sound excited. She would try anything to win Myra’s confidence. “Where are they? I didn’t see any.”
“That’s because the barn is a few miles away from the house, next to the river. We use that part of the land for grazing because of the river. It’s a fresh water supply for the horses.”
“How many does your father own?”
Myra laughed. “None. They’re Jared’s. We take care of them for him because he doesn’t have the land at Wisteria Hall. He keeps talking about building a barn and corral, but honestly, I don’t think he has the time.”
“Ok, how many does Jared own then?”
“Twelve – no wait – thirteen. Jade has just foaled. Her colt is as cute as can be. She looks just like her mother but has her father’s attitude. I’m surprised Jared didn’t tell you about them. Apart from you, his sketches, and ‘Raging Storm’, the horses were Jared’s pride and joy – once.”
Sara sighed. “I guess he didn’t have time for that either.” And, apparently a lot of other stuff. “Do you think he would mind if you showed them to me? I’d love to see them sometime. Right now, I want to be there for Jared in case….”
Myra smiled. “You really love my brother, don’t you?”
“Yes Myra. I do. I just hope I’m the right person for him.”
Myra smiled again and stood. “One thing’s for sure,” she said, pushing her chair under the table. “Jared is crazy about you. We better get back before he thinks I’ve gone behind his back, and told you all the things I’m not supposed to tell you,” she said laughing.
------------
When Sara and Myra got back, Jared was sitting in a chair, next to the old man’s bed. Nadine was over in the corner, napping. Jared put his finger to his lips, as they entered the room. “Shh! She’s just gone to sleep,” he said in a loud whisper, motioning toward Nadine. “Dad said she’s been here all night. She’s only sleeping now because she knows I’m here.”
Sara bent down and kissed Jared. He put his hand behind her neck, holding her in place, deepening the kiss, and making it last longer than Sara had originally intended. Sara wasn’t complaining. It was just a little embarrassing in front of his sister, who was still standing by the door.
“Ahem,” Myra said. Jared stopped kissing Sara, and turned. “I’ve told Sara about the horses, and she wants to see them,” Myra continued. “Especially Jade’s new foal.”
“Really,” Jared responded with a raised eyebrow. “What else did you tell her?” he asked, narrowing his eyes.
“Nothing Jared,” she said, sounding both disappointed and annoyed. “You know I would never go against your wishes.”
He eyed her suspiciously. “You did before….” 
“That was different. I knew I was doing the right thing then. Anyway, I need to go to the feed store, and get some things for the horses. Dad is exhausted from being here with Granddad, so I thought I’d do that for him. Sara wants to come along. That is if you trust me enough to let her.”
Jared glanced at Sara, and she smiled. “I need to pick up some things at the store anyway – remember?” she prompted.
Jared stood. “Then you’ll need me there to unload the truck.”
Myra exhaled in exasperation and rolled her eyes. “No, you stay here with Granddad. I’m sure we’re not as muscular as you, but I think Sara, and I can manage.”
Besides,” Sara added. “You shouldn’t leave your mother alone right now. We can manage.” If you’re there, I won’t get my books, and Myra will clam-up again. If you won’t give me answers, I’ll have to find them on my own.
Jared stood, and walked next to Sara. He scribbled something on the back of one of his ‘Raging Storm’ business cards. He took out his wallet and handed Sara his credit card, and the card. “Here, take this. Get whatever you want. Just make sure you get at least a week - maybe two weeks’ worth of clothes. If Granddad stays like this, I know we’ll be here at least that long – maybe longer.” Sara nodded, knowing it would do no good to argue the point with him.
Jared kissed Sara. “If you have any problems at the store ring me on my cell. Have fun.” He kissed Sara again and shook a finger at Myra. “You, be careful. Don’t let anything happen to her.”
“I won’t Jared,” Myra said, sounding like a little sister who’d just been reminded of her age. She took Sara by the arm. “Come on Sara. Let’s get out of here before he changes his mind.”
------------
Sara followed Myra out. “Well, that was easy enough,” she said with a sigh.
Myra turned and studied Sara’s eyes. “Don’t be so sure about Jared. He’ll do that. Just because, we got away from him, don’t think he doesn’t know what we’re doing. Remember what I told you,” she stressed. “If there is anything that you were going to do in the waking world, that would have affected yours or Jared’s future, you’ve probably already told him about it, and he will know. One thing’s for sure,” she said, attempting to change the subject again. 
Sara grinned. “What’s that?” she asked, stepping to the back of the elevator. Myra pushed a button and turned.
“Now I know he loves you!” Myra shifted her weight from one foot to the other as they rode the elevator to the ground floor.
Sara leaned forward. “Pardon?”
Myra smiled. “Jared gave you his credit card. He doesn’t do that with anyone! He certainly never gave it to Eve!”
Sara followed Myra out to the parking lot where they stopped by a metallic, black Audi Roadster. Myra punched her key control, and the locks opened with a chirp. “Nice car….”
Myra beamed. “Thank you. You really like it? It was a graduation present from Jared.”
“Yes, I do. Jared bought you a car for graduation!”
Myra grinned. “I guess being the baby has its advantages. Either that, or Jared felt overly generous that day.” She laughed. “I’m not complaining. Ever since Jared moved to Louisiana, and started making a decent salary, he’s been spoiling me.”
Sara narrowed her eyes and grinned. “Then why did you say what you did about Jared giving me his credit card?”
Myra started the car and revved the engine a couple of times. “Because, Jared does these things for people, but it has to be his idea. You’re the first person he’s given free range of his bank account.” She laughed again, pushed play on her stereo, and familiar music blared out the elaborate speaker system. “I’d let the top down, but I think it will be nicer with the air conditioner on.”
Sara narrowed her eyes in concentration. Now how do you suppose Myra got her hands on this? “That’s ok. I really don’t like my hair to be blown all over the place.” Curiosity was killing Sara. “Myra,” she prompted. “This CD was just recorded the other night, how did you get it so fast?”
Myra smiled. “Jared sent it to me. I love it! I love hearing you sing Sara. I’m looking forward to the convention. I wish I could sing like you.”
“Do you sing?”
Myra scoffed. “Only when Jared’s not around. He says my singing grates his ears. I’m not musically gifted like Jared.” Without prompting, Myra started singing. It didn’t take Sara long to understand. She thought Myra was pretty, her speaking voice was pleasant, but when it came to music, Myra couldn’t carry a tune if her life depended on it! 
Sara smiled and tolerated the noise, but she was thankful when Myra parked in front of a Specialties Bookstore, and shut off the engine. Myra reached for the door handle. “Ok, let’s go see if we can find you something to read.”
------------
Inside the bookstore, it felt pleasant. The air outside was hot and dry. If Sara and Myra had been in Louisiana, they would have been sweating profusely, but in Arizona, there was precious little humidity. 
Sara followed Myra. She seemed to know exactly where she was going. She led Sara past several rows of books and about halfway down one of the shelves. A few seconds later, they were standing in front of a huge selection of books, on Native Americans. 
Myra pulled three off the shelf, handed them to Sara, and sat next to her, in one of the soft chairs in the reading area. “All right,” she said. “These are good if you want to be entertained, but trust very little of what’s written in them. They have some of the facts right, but not many.”
Sara left two of the books resting on her lap, and started thumbing through the third one. There were a lot of interesting, and colorful pictures. Sara pointed to one of the pictures. “Was this taken around here?” 
Myra glanced at it and winced. “Well, according to the author, it was….”
“But?” Sara prompted.
“It was actually taken somewhere up in Washington, in Quileute territory.” 
“You mean the tribe in the ‘Twilight’ books?” Sara asked, surprised. “They’re a real tribe!”
Myra made a face. “Oh yes. The tribe is very real. Unfortunately, some of the legends the author created in the books aren’t. To my knowledge, there are no such things or have there ever been for that fact, as ‘the cold ones’. That’s not to say there are no such things as vampires, but they’ve never been referred to as that. I suppose it might come from myths about their cold skin. I really can’t say for sure.”
Sara was hesitant. “You’ve never met - a vampire - have you?”
“Sara!” Myra scoffed. “Get real – girl!” she laughed. That didn’t exactly answer Sara’s question, but Sara knew it was all Myra was going to say on the subject.
Sara sighed. “Myra… I don’t want a bunch of books full of lies. I want something that will tell me the truth.”
Myra bit her lower lip. She narrowed her eyes at Sara, reading her, deciding how much she was willing to disclose. She sighed deeply. “There is only one book that will do that….”
“But?” Sara prompted, determined.
Jared was right about her. She doesn’t give up. “It’s not in print anymore – at least it shouldn’t be,” she said, anxiously glancing around as if Jared might leap out from behind one of the other shelves. Slowly and cautiously Myra continued. “It was written a long time ago, and I don’t think Jared would approve of you reading it.” She stood, and glanced at some other books in that section.
Great! Another brick wall. “Why not?”
“The book should never have gone to print – but it did.” She handed Sara a couple more books. “I’m sure you can find some things in these that will satisfy your curiosity.” But they still won’t have what you’re looking for. Oh this is so unfair to Sara! It’s her future – it’s her life.
Yeah, but they’re not going to give me anymore answers than the others, I’d guess. Myra had already made the wrong mistake. She’d sparked Sara’s curiosity about this mysterious book now. “If it’s not in print anymore, how much harm could it do? Why wouldn’t he want me to read it? Come on Myra! Tell me what’s in it – please!”
Myra suspired forcefully again. “More than should be,” she said curtly, glaring at the man behind them, eavesdropping. He cleared his throat nervously and pretended to be reorganizing the books, at the end of the aisle. 
“Nosey bastard,” Myra spat under her breath. 
She handed Sara a couple more books. Her collection was growing. Book upon book. A tower of lies. Not what Sara needed! “In the meantime,” she continued, doing a little dance. “Scan through these. Some of the stuff is right, but again, not all of it. I’ll be right back. I’m gonna make a quick trip to the restroom,” Myra said, glowering at the man as she passed him.
Sara waited until Myra was a few aisles down from her, and rising on her tiptoes, watched until Myra disappeared behind the restroom door. Sara sat the stack of books Myra had given her on a chair, and hurried to the end of the aisle. Somehow, she felt the strange man could help her more than Myra was willing to.
Sara softly cleared her throat. “Excuse me….”
The man peered at Sara through narrowed eyes, looked her up and down, grinned wryly, and then responded. “Yes… can I get something for you?”
Sara nervously glanced toward the restroom. “I hope so. I don’t’ have a lot of time before my friend comes back. Do you have any books that can tell me the true legends about the Navajo people? Perhaps a book that’s no longer in print?” she prompted.
The man eyed Sara suspiciously, glanced toward the restroom, and then back at Sara. “Wasn’t that Myra Thundercloud you were with? George Thundercloud’s granddaughter?”
George - Thundercloud? George? Could that be? Sara didn’t know who that was, and right now, although she was mildly curious, she didn’t have time for guessing games. Either he was going to help her, or he wasn’t. If he wouldn’t help her, Sara didn’t have time for this. “Yes,” she replied curtly. The man raised an eyebrow, and continued to scrutinize her. Sara glanced nervously toward the restroom doors again, expecting Myra to come bursting through them any second. 
“Do you want to know about the Navajo – or do you want to know about them?” he said, motioning toward the restroom.
Sara sighed in exasperation. “Navajo, of course….” Will you get on with it? Her nerves were like an over-wound spring – ready to snap.
He lost interest. “Then I can’t help you. If you want to know about them….” He motioned with his head. “That’s a different story….”
“All right! Fine! Whatever! But hurry, I don’t want her to know!”
“Are you sure you want to do this? They get upset when people find out about their - secrets.”
Sara furrowed her brow and again glanced impatiently toward the restroom. “Listen, I don’t have time for all this. Do you – or do you not - know of such a book?”
 He responded slowly. “Yes… I know of the book you’re talking about, written by George Thundercloud, but the book comes with a curse.”
Sara smiled slightly. It sounded almost as stupid as Sara asking Myra about vampires. Obviously, the man was trying to make a sale. Sara didn’t believe in curses – did she? “Did you say it was written by George Thundercloud?” Sara was starting to make the connection. If what he’s saying is true, no wonder Jared didn’t want me to know about this. 
After what Jared had told Sara about his grandfather, and his dreams, Sara knew if anyone could give her answers, it would be Jared’s grandfather. But, if the old man lying in that hospital bed is George Thundercloud, how could she get answers from a dying man, deep a coma?
“Yes. George Washington Thomas Thundercloud. Tom Thundercloud’s father. But like I said, the book comes with a curse.”
Sara shook her head. The man is being more ridiculous than I am. Werewolves? Vampires? Curses? Honestly Sara! The next thing you know, he’ll be trying to sell you the heart of the ocean! Sara was getting irritated. “I don’t give a damn about stories or curses! I don’t believe in them! And I’m not superstitious either!”
The man looked insulted, and turned to leave. Sara grabbed his wrist. “Wait!” she snapped. “Please, can you tell me where I can get a copy of this book? That’s all I want to know.” Sara knew Myra would be back soon. In fact, she should already be back. Unless she’s stalling. What if she’s calling Jared? Oh that would just be my luck. “Well…?”
The man glanced down at his wrist, and then looked back at Sara. She released him, not realizing she’d been squeezing harder than she’d intended. The man rubbed his wrist and narrowed his eyes again. “Yes… but it will cost you, and you accept full responsibility for any consequences that may arise from you reading it.” 
Sara breathed a sigh of relief. She took out her wallet with trembling fingers. “Fine – fine, just tell me how much, and where I can get it.” Sara’s hands were sweating, her heart was pounding. She felt awful about this – really awful. It felt wrong, but she had no choice. Not if she wanted to know what was going on, and what it had to do with Jared.
He raised both eyebrows. “I have the book in the back, but it will cost you a hundred dollars….”
You’re not trying to make a sale! You’re trying to rob me! Sara furrowed her brow. “What? A hundred dollars? For one book – are you out of your mind?”
He turned to leave. “That’s my price – if you want it….”
Sara watched him until he was near to the end of the aisle. Nervously she glanced one last time toward the restroom. “Fine!” she called out.
The man stopped and slowly turned, grinning wryly. “Are you sure?”
Sara groaned and handed him the money. “Yes!” He took it and started to walk away. “Wait! What about my book?”
“Like I said, it’s in the back. I’ll have to get it for you.”
“All right, just wait a minute!” Sara rushed back to her collection of books.  She grabbed the first two off the top of the pile and followed him to the checkout counter. The man laid her stack of books on the counter, and started ringing them up.
Myra walked up behind Sara without making a sound. “Did you decide on something?”
Sara jumped. “Yes, I did!” she said, catching her breath.
Myra smiled. “Geez – you’re a nervous one, Sara, chill out!”
“That will be forty-five dollars and fifty-five cents, please,” he said with a grin of satisfaction. “Will that be cash, or credit card?” You sorry thief! You’ve got a hundred dollars of my money! What do you want now - my blood too?
Sara fumbled in her purse. She glanced at Myra with wide eyes. “Oh shit!”
“What is it?” Myra whispered in Sara’s ear.
“I can’t find Jared’s credit card,” Sara whispered under her breath, sounding desperate. “Can you go out and look under the car seat, and see if it fell out? Oh God Myra – he’s going to kill me! He’ll never trust me with it again,” Sara said, nervously piling things on the counter, as she dug through her purse.
“Sure!”
Sara waited until Myra left the store. She whirled. “All right – get my book,” she said sternly. “And hurry up!”
He smiled condescendingly, sliding the book out from an ordinary brown envelope. “Relax - it’s already in your bag.”
Sara gasped. “That’s it? How can you justify charging me a hundred dollars for that? It’s got what – fifty or a hundred pages?” She was seething.
“It is - what it is, and you tell no one where you got it, or I’m taking it out, and the deal is off,” he added with another sly grin. “You could always find out the hard way….”
Sara clenched her teeth, “Fine! Just hide the damn thing between the other books.”
He opened one of the bigger books and concealed the little book between the pages. It fit easily. He looked at Sara, raised his eyebrows, waiting for her approval. “Satisfied?” he asked sarcastically.
Sara sighed and nodded, as she handed him Jared’s credit card, from her back pocket. The man took the card and grinned again. “You’re a sly one, aren’t you Sweetheart?”
Sara narrowed her eyes and glowered at him. “Don’t you have something to do?” she prompted with sarcasm. 
The man put Jared’s card in the machine and handed Sara the control. “Enter your PIN numbers please.”
Sara took out the business card Jared had given her, concealed it with her hand and keyed in the number.
They waited. Nothing happened. A few seconds later the card was rejected.
“Hmm,” he commented and removed the card from the machine. “There – now try it.”
Sara keyed in the number again, one number at a time, glancing back and forth from the card to be sure she hadn’t made a mistake. They waited. 
Again – the card was rejected.
The man pulled Jared’s card out and held it up toward the light. “Oh, I see the problem. There’s something sticky on the strip. I’ll be right back,” he said and disappeared. He brought out what looked like a bottle of all-purpose cleaner, and sprayed it on the back of Jared’s credit card. He bent down below the counter, and then came back up with a tissue. He dabbed at the card and put it back in the machine.
Sara anxiously glanced over her shoulder toward the parking lot. Myra was on her way back in.
 Sara drummed her fingers on the counter and waited. She quickly keyed in the PIN number again.
He smiled. “Ah, yes. It worked this time. Thank you,” he grinned, handing Sara Jared’s credit card and receipt. 
“You didn’t dry it off – it’s still wet,” Sara grumbled. 
“The alcohol will dry in a few seconds. If you’d rather, I can get another tissue from the back. I’m afraid I used my last one.”
Sara stuck the card and receipt in her back pocket. “No!” 
“Enjoy your books – all of them and come back soon. I’m sure I have – other – things you might be interested in,” he said, flirting with her.
Sara eyed him suspiciously and jerked her books off the counter. “Hardly!” she snarled, turning to leave. 
Myra met Sara halfway across the store. “Did you find it?” she asked, looking relieved.
Sara furrowed her brow in confusion. “Find what?”
Myra narrowed her eyes. “Jared’s credit card! Sara – are you…?”
“Oh! That - yes,” Sara responded, embarrassed. “I forgot I put it in my back pocket when he gave it to me. Myra, don’t breathe a word of this to Jared,” Sara warned, as they got back in the car.
Myra smiled and reached for the ignition. “There’s nothing to tell – you made a mistake,” she said, backing out.
Sara smiled, wrapping her arms around her secret. “Thanks.” 
Myra waited for a break in the traffic. “So where do you want to go to now?”
Sara was ready to go home, so she could find a quiet corner and read, but she knew if she went back without any clothes, Jared would undoubtedly get suspicious. What would she tell him – lie and say she couldn’t find anything? It wouldn’t be much worse than sneaking around with this mystery book. Sara was ridden with guilt. What if this made Jared mad at her? She didn’t want that. She loved Jared. She hated lying to him, but she needed answers, and if no one was willing to give them to her….”
Sara sighed, and started counting things off on her fingers. “Well, let me see. I need jeans, t-shirts, maybe a dress and.…”
Sara’s cell vibrated, and she jumped. She glanced at Myra and looked at the name on the screen. “It’s him.”
“Jared?” Myra confirmed. Sara nodded, and reached to accept the call. Myra’s eyes widened, she held Sara’s wrist. “Whatever you do - don’t tell Jared we’re at the bookstore,” she urged.
Sara swallowed hard, nodded, put the phone to her ear, trying to sound normal. She smiled. “Hi Jared….”
“Hi Babe. Just checking that you’re not having trouble with my plastic. Have you found anything?”
Sara swallowed hard again. “Ah - well, I really haven’t found anything I like yet, but I’m still looking. How are things there?” she asked, hoping to keep his mind off where she was.
“About the same, I’m afraid,” he said. “Listen, while you’re shopping, you might as well pick up some stuff for me, that way I won’t have to go back out.”
“Yeah, sure – what do you need?”
“I’ll text a list to you. Mother said to tell Myra she’s texting a short grocery list that she wants picked up. You don’t mind – do you?”
“No, that’s fine.”
“I miss you,” he said, his voice sounding soft and sincere. 
Sara’s insides eroded with guilt. She glanced at Myra and faked a smile, “I miss you too.”
“All right, I’ll let you and Myra get on with your shopping then, see you soon. I love you,” he said and ended the call.
Sara smiled, holding her cell in her hand. She knew Jared would send the text through soon. He always kept his word – unlike her – didn’t he?
The text came through almost instantly. Sara read through it. She smiled and sighed. Jared had ended the text with a note to her.
“Take care of yourself for me and hurry back, I love you Sara.”
Oh God, why did he have to say that? Now Sara felt terribly guilty. He trusted Sara, and she was betraying that trust. Maybe I shouldn’t read the book, she reasoned to herself.  But then again, how much damage could come from reading a book? There’s no such thing as a curse – is there? 
Sara couldn’t make up her mind. About that time, Myra’s cell rang. Sara jumped again. Myra eyed Sara suspiciously as she read the message. “Sara… is something wrong?” What are you so nervous about?
Sara tried to keep her voice as evenly as possible. “No - why do you ask?”
“I don’t know. You seem - nervous.”
Sara sighed. “I am. I’m nervous about using Jared’s credit card,” she lied. She clutched the bag with the mysterious book closer to her, as if Myra might snatch it from her arms. She motioned to Myra’s cell. “Was that your mother’s list?”
Myra stared at Sara a couple more seconds, as though trying to read her mind. Finally, she spoke, sounding as if nothing were wrong. “Yep – let’s get the shopping done so I can show you my pride and joy.” She led Sara into a Jeans Specialty Shop.
Sara took a deep calming breath and let it out slow. She bought it! God, after all this, I don’t think I could ever be this nervous on stage – even if I were stark naked!
------------
Myra took Sara where she shopped for clothes, and even convinced Sara to buy some things Sara normally wouldn’t buy. But Sara was trying to keep her mind off Jared, and his accusing eyes.
Sara bought several pairs of jeans, some pullover t-shirts, a couple of nice blouses, and some dresses. Myra tried to convince her to buy a mini-skirt, but Sara put her foot down on that purchase. She didn’t like short skirts. 
Sara got everything on Jared’s list, plus some extras Myra assured her Jared would like. Sara wasn’t sure he would agree, but she took Myra at her word. After all, she’d known Jared longer than Sara. Unless, of course, you counted the times she and Jared had been together in his dreams. If Sara had been the one in Jared’s dreams….
------------
After they had finished shopping for clothes and shoes, Myra and Sara stopped for lunch. Sara was enjoying being with Myra. She was like the sister Sara never had. They finished their lunch, picked up Nadine’s things, and then went back to the ranch. They changed over to a black Dodge Ram and headed for the feed store. Sara was starting to see a pattern developing. It appeared this family was partial to the color black – especially in vehicles. She wondered why.
Myra pulled around the back of the feed store, and they got out. She spoke to the man, sitting in a chair, leaned back against the wall on two legs. They went inside. Myra showed the man behind the counter the text on her cell. “I need some supplies for the horses.”
The man entered the details in the register and gave Myra a total. She told him to put it on her father’s bill. The man asked after her grandfather, and she told him there was no change. He said he hoped her grandfather got better. Then Myra and Sara got back in the truck and headed back to the ranch.
------------
The road down to the barn was uneven and full of potholes. Myra maneuvered around them like a pro. She turned the truck around and reversed in the barn. Together, Myra and Sara unloaded the truck. Myra was better at it than Sara was, but Sara held her own.
Myra loaded the supplies and a bale of hay, in a trailer behind an ATV. She climbed on, and Sara climbed on behind her. Myra drove across the road, and waited while Sara opened the metal gate, and locked it, after she’d driven thru. They stopped at various feed troughs, hayracks, and iron rods sticking out of the ground where they setup the salt and mineral licks. 
Myra made a loud whistle between her teeth, and a few seconds later the ground rumbled beneath Sara’s feet. A small herd of magnificent looking horses galloped up to where they stood. Myra reached in her pocket and gave Sara a handful of sugar cubes. “You’ll need those... they’re spoilt. If you forget to bring them some sugar cubes, they’ll nibble at your clothes and hair.” 
Sara laughed and took the cubes. She was beginning to feel a little less stressful, but she was developing a slight headache.
Myra chuckled as Sara took a step back. “Don’t be afraid Sara. They’ll come right up to you. They’re not afraid of strangers.”
A solid black stallion walked up in front of Sara. She swallowed hard. When he whinnied, Sara jumped. Myra laughed. “Here you go,” Sara said, cautiously holding out her hand with an offering of sugar cubes. In no time, the horse had eaten all the cubes. Myra laughed and gave Sara some more.  
Myra started stroking the black stallion’s face. “That’s Satan, my baby. He loves his sugar cubes, don’t you Baby. He was a wild mustang before I raised him. I named him Satan, because when he was a young foal, he could kick like hell.” She laughed again.
A beautiful black and white Appaloosa walked up to Sara, and started nibbling sugar cubes from her hand.
“That’s Jade and her foal. Satan is her daddy. Isn’t she magnificent?”
Sara stroked Jade’s face. “They both are. What’s the foal’s name?”
“Jared hasn’t named her, yet.”
“Why hasn’t he named her?”
“Since he moved to Louisiana, he doesn’t get home a lot. The last time we saw him was in January. He came down for New Years. I guess he hasn’t had time to think about naming her. I’ve been taking care of Jade and the colt for him.” 
Myra setup the last salt lick. “I still can’t believe he hasn’t told you about them.”
It appears Jared hasn’t told me about a lot. She stroked Jade’s face as she nibbled on the rest of Sara’s sugar cubes. “Myra, you’re doing a wonderful job.”
“This big guy is another one of Jared’s babies,” Myra said, patting the rump of a large chestnut stallion. “He’s letting me train him for the rodeo. He’s only two years old. Jared used to ride Jade in the circuit, until he got involved with - Eve.”
“Jared never said he used to ride in the rodeo….”
Myra laughed. “It sounds like my brother hasn’t told you a lot of things about him.”
Sara sighed. “Yeah, I think you’re right.”
They walked back to the ATV. “Speaking of that, I’d better get you back, or he’ll never let you go with me again. Jared is very protective of you, even before you met. He mentioned something about you to Eve. She was jealous of you, even though you were no more than an element in one of Jared’s dreams. She insulted you in some way, and Jared tore into her.”
“Was that when they broke up?”
Myra’s cell rang. She looked at the name on the display, “Speak of the devil,” she said, putting the phone to her ear. “Hello Jared…. Yes, she’s right here – hang on.” She handed Sara the cell.
“Hello….
“Hi Angel. Why haven’t you been answering your cell?”
Sara’s heart fluttered every time he called her Angel. “You called me again?” Sara was surprised. “My cell hasn’t rung since we left the - since I talked to you last.” Sara made a quick recovery. She almost blew it. “Have you tried to call me?”
Jared’s tone was worried. “Yeah, several times….”
“Hang on a second, let me check something.” Sara brought out her cell. “Oops! It was turned off - sorry.”
Jared groaned. “Sara, cell phones are no good if you keep them turned off. Where are you?”
“We were just fixing to head back to the hospital. We’re feeding the horses. You never said you had horses. Jade and her colt are beautiful. Myra also said you used to ride Jade in the rodeo.”
“Yeah, well, that was a long time ago. I’ve been thinking about taking her and her foal back to Wisteria Hall.”
“Where would we - you keep them, you don’t have a corral.”
Jared smiled at Sara’s comment. “That was my next building project. I miss you,” he said, changing the subject.
Sara smiled. “I miss you too. How’s your grandfather?”
“Still no change, I’m worried about him. The longer he stays in the coma, the less chance he has of coming out of it and his heart is getting weaker. Neither Dave nor I think he’s going to pull through,” he said - a quaver in his voice.
“Have you told your Mom and Dad?”
“Yes.”
“How are they…?”
Jared cut her off. His voice turned to ice – professional. “Sara, Granddad is an old man. He’s lived a long and happy life, at least until my grandmother passed. It’s his time. Dad knows that, and he’s prepared for it. Mother - she understands too, but, she’s more emotional, as you would expect.”
“And you?”
“I’m ok. Death is just a part of life. I’m a doctor Sara. I stare it in the face every day.”
Sara glanced at Myra, smiled, and walked out of earshot. “Jared, you don’t have to be a doctor with me. You’re his grandson, and apparently, you and he were very close before you left Arizona. Just because, he’s in a coma doesn’t mean you can’t still reach him. Talk to him. Tell him how you feel, and that you’re scared.”
Jared sighed, annoyed. “I’ve gotta go Sara. I’ll see you when you get here. Be careful. Let me talk to Myra now.”
Sara handed Myra her cell. “He wants to talk to you.” 
Myra raised an eyebrow. Her face filled with dread. “Hi Jared,” she said, and then listened to him for a few seconds, giving Sara worried glances. “I know,” she said sarcastically shaking her head. She turned her back to Sara and said something in Navajo. 
Sara never realized Jared was so fluent in his native language. It seemed odd in their day. The other Indians she had come across, no longer used it. Most of them had left the old ways behind. Jared and his family were an obvious exception.
Myra locked her cell and crawled on the four-wheeler. “Come on, let’s get back before Jared goes on a war path. He’s upset.”
Sara crawled in behind Myra again and put her arms around Myra’s waist. “He didn’t seem upset to me.”
Myra scoffed. “That’s with you. I’m his little sister, remember?”
“Why is he so upset Myra?”
“I’ve already told you more than I should have, or at least he thinks I have.”
“But you haven’t told me anything I wouldn’t have found out on my own anyway.”
“Yes, I have. I told you about the book. Very few people know about it. If I hadn’t told you, especially with the book being out of print, you would never have found out about it on your own. Only locals know about it. Granddad didn’t go national.” 
Ah, Jared’s grandfather obviously is the author. “And why would that upset Jared?” Sara was getting more and more confused by the moment. After reading Jared’s dream diary, how could anything in this book affect or influence Sara?
“Sara, in order to keep the peace in the family and not put you in an awkward position with Jared, I think it’s best if he answers your questions about this, unless he tells me differently. Jared loves you, and you apparently love him. I wouldn’t want to do anything to jeopardize that – no matter what. Jared has waited a long time for you. Try to be a little more patient with him. I’m sure he’ll tell you everything if you ask him. Make him understand how important it is to you to know these things, and don’t let him side-step you.”
Myra kick started the ATV and headed back to the barn.

Chapter 12
Myra and Sara made a quick trip to the house. Myra wanted something to drink before they went back to the hospital. Coffee in the cafeteria wasn’t much better than their food. It bordered on horrible. After tasting one of their donuts, if that’s what you could call it, Sara agreed. It tasted more like a puff of flour with a bit of sugar on top than a donut. 
While Myra made their drinks, Sara made a quick trip upstairs. She wanted to move her precious book to a safer location. One that Jared was sure not to bother - among her personal possessions. By the time she’d done that, Myra was waiting for her.  They changed vehicles again, getting back in Myra’s Roadster. 
For no apparent reason, Sara felt dizzy and nauseated. She drank some of her Coke, thinking it would help. It didn’t. In fact, the more she drank, the worse she felt. She felt odd. Things around her seemed different. Colors were more vivid and textured, than Sara had noticed before. She took some deep breaths, to try and quell the nausea, but that wasn’t helping either. Sara’s headache had gotten worse too. She blamed it on the blazing sun.
Myra was quite; she wasn’t saying a lot. When they did talk, their conversation was brief, and didn’t involve anything to do with Jared’s people, or the book. The one Myra was unaware, that Sara already had.
------------
They were about five minutes from the hospital when Myra’s cell rang again. She pulled to the shoulder and got out of the car. Sara couldn’t hear what was being said, but she could tell Myra was getting upset.
Myra jumped back in the car. “Hang on to something, and make sure your seatbelt is secured. We’ve gotta hurry. That was Jared.” She waited for a break in traffic, and then pealed down the highway. “It’s Granddad, he’s dying,” she softly said, her eyes glossing with tears.
Sara and Myra ran from the elevator to the old man’s room. Things around Sara still seemed strange. Her legs had pins and needles, as if they’d been asleep. When she and Myra got to his room, the rest of the family were in there, along with his doctor. Tom was in the corner, holding Nadine and trying to keep her calm. She was almost in hysterics. Jared was by the bed, trying to assist, but it didn’t matter. The old man was beyond help.
 Within seconds of their arrival, it was over. Jared’s grandfather never suffered, or even struggled for breath. His heart stopped beating, and he slipped away. No matter what Jared or the doctor did, they couldn’t revive him. Time of death was called, and Jared pulled the sheet over the old man’s face. 
Jared hugged his mother and father, and then walked over to Sara. He stood there. Staring into Sara’s eyes for a while as if she might disappear. His eyes filled with tears. Sara’s were glazing over because it hurt her to see him upset. He didn’t say anything. He took her in his arms and held her, his body shaking with silent tears. Sara wiped her eyes. “I’m so sorry Jared.” 
“I love you Sara. Please don’t ever leave me – I need you.”
“I’m not going anywhere, Jared. I’ll stay with you as long as you want me to.”
“Then you’d better be planning to stay forever.”
Although she didn’t realize it, Sara staggered. “Sara, you’re pale, are you ok?” Jared was worried.
“I’ve got a headache, and I’m a little dizzy and nauseated. I think all this adrenaline is getting to me.”
“Do you want me to get you something for your stomach? I can ask Dave to write you a prescription for….”
Sara held up her hand forestalling him. “No, I’m fine. I just need to sit down for a few minutes. You could see if they have some ginger ale though. That usually helps to settle my stomach.” Sara was trying to keep her face as straight as possible, so he wouldn’t realize she was faking.
“Wait here, I’ll get you some.” Jared kissed Sara’s forehead and left.
Sara waited until Jared was out of sight before she relaxed the muscles in her face, reflecting how weird and miserable she felt.  Oh God! What’s happening to me? Sara started thinking fast. Could it have been the sandwich at lunch? Surely not. If it had been the sandwich, Myra would be sick too, and she seems healthy. It’s the adrenaline Sara. Everything is just happening too fast. You need to calm down. If you don’t, you’re not going to be any use to Jared or his family. Just breathe Sara - breathe.
Sara closed her eyes, trying to take her own advice. She took some deep breaths, resting her head against the back of the chair. She heard a shuffle of feet near her, and immediately tried to look lively. From the worried look, in Jared’s eyes, Sara’s acting wasn’t convincing.
“Here, sip on this.” Jared wiped Sara’s face with a cool cloth. “I grabbed this from one of the nurses. She said we didn’t need to bring it back.”
“That feels nice.” Sara wondered if it were the nurse who’d tried to flirt with Jared earlier.
Jared pressed the back of his hand to Sara’s forehead. “You’re a little warm, but it could just be the heat. Have you been drinking plenty of liquids while you were out with Myra?”
“Yes Jared,” Sara chided. “Just let me sit a while. Go - be with your family. I’ll be fine here.”
“No, I’m not leaving you like this!”
Sara was adamant. “Jared, I’ve got a slight headache and an upset stomach. You need to be with your family.”
Jared sighed. “All right, but I’m just going to say goodbye, and then I’m taking you home.”
------------
Another five minutes past. Sara sat in agony, desperate to feel better. Nothing helped. 
Jared came back. “Come on, let’s get out of here. Dad gave me his keys. He and Mom are going to ride to the funeral home with Myra.” Jared lifted Sara from the chair, put his arm around her waist, and led her outside. 
He drove to a nearby lake. They walked down to the edge of the water. Sara felt a little better, but her head still felt like it wasn’t connected to her body, and the hurricane in the pit of her stomach kept churning away.
Jared picked up some flattish stones, and started skipping them across the water. As Sara watched, the stones seemed to be moving in slow motion, skipping across the surface of the water. She blinked her eyes, and shook her head to clear it. Jared hadn’t said anything since they left the hospital. “How do you make them skip across the water like that?” 
Jared’s eyes widened. He furrowed his brow. “Sara, don’t you remember? You skipped stones with me at the river by Lucy’s house. You just put it in your hand like this, pull your arm back, and flick your wrist like a sling shot,” he explained as he tossed another one across the lake. “You don’t remember when we did that?”
Sara looked at Jared, confused. “We did?” she asked, her voice trailing off as she watched the rock. As it bounced across the water, the rock looked as if it left a faint bluish trail behind it. Sara rubbed her eyes and pinched the bridge of her nose. Things were getting weirder by the moment. 
Jared passed her a couple of the stones from his hand. Sara flicked them across the water, watching them bounce across the surface. The more Sara watched the display, the more fascinated she became. The trails behind the rocks were changing to different shades of the spectrum. Even some not visible to the naked eye. She threw the ones Jared had given her, and then reached down for some more. “That is so cool!” she remarked, with glassy eyes. 
Jared watched her in surprise. “Most girls can’t skip stones that well. What’s so cool?” he asked, more concerned.
“Yeah, well, I’m not most girls,” Sara said and tossed a couple more stones. Now, not only the trails were changing colors, the lake was too. Each time the rock touched the surface of the water, it was as though the lake was changing to different shades and shapes of kaleidoscopic colors.
“I know….”
Sara tired of watching the stones. The swirling mixture of conflicting colors was starting to make her more dizzy and nauseated. “Jared, why don’t you want me to know about your people?”
“Cause you don’t need to – not yet anyway,” he said and tossed another stone.
“What do you mean, not yet? Is there some test I’ve got to pass before you let me in?”
“You are in Sara!”
“No, I’m not! I know you’re keeping things from me. What deep, dark family secret are you keeping from me? Are you like the characters in ‘Twilight’? Are you a vampire, or are you going to change into a werewolf, and try and eat me,” Sara said, half joking. 
Jared didn’t say anything. He kept his eyes closed for a few seconds. Sara could see the muscles in his face tensing up. She walked in front of him, so she could see his eyes. “You’re not – are you?”
Jared took a couple of deep breaths and slowly opened his eyes. “I’m not a vampire, and I’m not a werewolf,” he said, seriously. 
“Why do I sense there’s a ‘but’ in there somewhere?”
Jared scoffed and closed his eyes again, looking away from Sara. “What makes you think that?”
“Because of the way you’re acting. Is it because of me? Is being with me going to get you into trouble? Have I disappointed you in some way? Is that it? You’re going to say you can’t be with me, because it goes against tribal law or something, aren’t you?”
“No,” he said through clenched teeth as though it annoyed him. “You have not disappointed me. If anything, you’ve surpassed my expectations. Being with you is as natural as breathing for me. It always has been. It doesn’t go against any of our laws. Do you honestly believe it would matter to me, if it did?” He pulled her into his arms.
“I don’t know – would it?”
Jared lowered his face and kissed her, softly, gently, and long. Sara felt her knees giving away. “No….”
“Then why won’t you tell me? If you won’t tell me, I’ll ask Myra.”
Jared pushed Sara back and moved away from her. His tone turned to ice, his jaw set. “Myra will not tell you anything. I have forbidden her to!”
“And what makes you think she has to listen to you?”
Jared’s attitude didn’t waver. “She has to!”
“Why?” Sara was getting agitated. 
Jared ignored her question, and picked up a few more stones, skipping them across the water. He slung the stones so hard; one of them went to the other side of the lake, slamming against a pine tree with a loud thud. The eagle, resting in the top of the pine, took to the air in alarm. Sara gasped and jumped. Jared breathed deeply again, regaining control. He changed the subject. “You know, Granddad used to bring me fishing here when I was a boy. He tried to share the stories of our legends with me,” he sighed. “I told him he was scaring away the fish.”
“Jared, it wasn’t your fault. You were just being a kid.”
“When I turned thirteen,” Jared continued without prompting. “He brought me here for one of his talks, and tried to tell me all the things I needed to do to be a good Navajo. What I needed to do to prepare myself for the day, I would find you. I called him a stupid old man. Now, when I want to know about these things, he’s gone, and I can’t ask him. I was such a stupid moron!” He kicked at the loose rocks under their feet, venting his anger again.
Sara’s heart was breaking, tears streamed down her face. What could she say to make him feel better? The only thing that came to her mind was something prosaic. “We’re all like that, at that age. We don’t want people telling us anything because we already know it all, or at least we think we do.” 
“Yeah, well, I should have paid more attention to him. I want to be what I should be for you. I don’t know what to do. How to explain things to you, without chasing you away forever.”
“What do you mean Jared? What could you possibly say that would chase me away?”
Jared shut his eyes again, tears sliding down his cheeks. “I shouldn’t be weak like this Sara! I’m supposed to be strong, but I’m not – I’m weak. I knew this was coming. I knew he was getting old. I was too busy trying to build a future that I let my past slip right through my fingers. I’m a failure at what I am Sara!”
“You are not a failure Jared! Look at yourself, and all that you’ve done, all that you’ve accomplished with your life. How can you possibly think of yourself as a failure?”
“Because I run from things that scare me, and cause me pain. I can’t face my future. I run from it. I’ve been running from it for years now. I even tried to run from you - the one thing in my life that I should have been running to - I ran from. Don’t you see Sara?”
Sara laughed anxiously. “How can I see anything Jared? You keep sheltering me from something – something. I don’t know - I guess you think I’m too... Why won’t you tell me what you’re talking about? Stop talking to me in riddles! I need truth Jared! All I want is for you to be honest with me – to trust me!”
Jared glared at Sara with contempt. “How can you speak to me about trust and honesty?”
Sara stood, staring at him, blinking away fresh tears, shocked by his misplaced anger, his words feeling like daggers. Why was he mad at her? What did it all mean? What was happening to her? Suddenly it all seemed so unexpected and funny. Sara wanted to laugh. Why? This was no laughing matter. Jared had just lost his grandfather; a man he apparently was extremely close to. He was grieving. Sara had lied and betrayed him, but how could she tell him? 
Sara felt guilty. Maybe Jared was right. How could Sara expect truth or honesty from Jared after what she’d done? Sara couldn’t say anything. She didn’t feel worthy to be in his presence. She had destroyed her one shot at happiness, because Jared was happiness. “I’m sorry.” She turned to leave.
Jared reached out and took her hand. “Don’t go,” he whispered in a voice, so small Sara barely heard it. She turned. Jared stared at her, his eyes radiating love so staggering it was almost blinding. “I need you. Don’t leave me. Don’t turn away, and run from me. I’m sorry.”
Sara touched his face and smiled. “So what happens now? I mean, will he have a normal funeral, or is there some kind of special ceremony, or rite that you have to perform?” Sara was trying to keep the sarcasm from her voice. For no apparent reason, she still had a strong desire to laugh. She shook her head. This wasn’t right. This was a precious, private moment between them, and Sara found it funny? What the hell is wrong with me? She turned away, so Jared couldn’t see the confusion on her face.
Jared groaned. “He’ll be put in a normal coffin and have a normal funeral like everyone else.”
Sara softly chuckled. “That’s it? I was expecting something new and spectacular….”
Jared growled. “No! Then, his body will be taken to the sacred burial grounds, where it will be put on a scaffold, and burned to release his spirit,” he scoffed, sounding sarcastic. He was apparently picking up on Sara’s unusual mood, and found it as inappropriate as she did. “We’re not going to dress up in feathers and war paint, and dance around him as you’ve seen at the movies. We won’t grind his bones, and make tea with it either!”
Sara rolled her eyes. “I didn’t expect you to - I was just curious. You’re so secretive,” she scoffed. “I guess if I want to find out anything, I’ll have to read....”
Despite the freaky things that were happening to her, Sara stopped herself, remembering what Myra had told her. It didn’t matter. Jared turned to her, furrowing his brow, his tone angry, his jaw tight, teeth clenched in controlled anger. “What book?” 
Immediately, Sara felt like a trapped animal. Now what? You’ve backed yourself into a corner. Either tell him the truth and deal with his anger or lie to him. “I – ah – I bought some books at the bookstore. Which reminds me...” she fished in her back pocket and thrust his credit card at him. “I forgot to give this back to you!” she simpered.
Jared narrowed his eyes, snatched the card from her hand, and shoved it in his back pocket. “Thanks!” he said curtly and stepped closer. 
She started to shake. Sara had never been afraid of Jared until now. He glanced at her trembling hands, and then back into her eyes, unmoved, still seething with anger. Sara had managed to steer clear of subjects she’d rather not discuss with him, but it wasn’t going to happen this time. Jared wasn’t going to let this pass.
“Now,” he said, taking another step towards her. “What books did you buy?” he asked, slowly enunciating each word, the muscles in his face all but quivering.
Sara swallowed hard and tried to stall. “Just some books I’d been meaning to read – nothing special.” She turned away again. This wasn’t a bold-faced lie, but neither was it solely the truth. Sara couldn’t afford to look him in the eye.
Jared put his hands on her arms and turned her. “Which books - what are they about? Sara?” His voice was low, slow and inflexible. 
“About your people, all right,” She finally admitted, unable to endure his constant badgering. “I wanted to know more about you, so I thought maybe I could find out from some reference books.”
Jared scoffed and sneered. “Reference books?” he asked rhetorically.
“I wanted you to tell me, but you won’t let me in.”
Jared growled. “You won’t find the truth you seek in their books. You won’t find any truth in books. You could learn more about us by watching ‘Dances With Wolves’, than in those books, and we’re not even Sioux!”
“Would you say the same thing about your grandfather?” Sara’s eyes widened with fear. She hadn’t planned on saying that out loud, but something had given her unfounded courage, loosening her tongue. She was even getting sharp and angry herself. She felt exhilarated – different.
“What – do - you - mean - Sara?” 
Jared was fearfully angry now. More angry than Sara had ever seen him. She didn’t know what to do or say. This must be what Myra had warned her about – not getting on Jared’s bad side. He actually had one. It was almost as if his eyes were glowing amber, like a traffic light. Sara gasped, bringing her hand to her mouth, tears filling her wide eyes. “Jared, you’re scaring me. Why are you so upset with me? I just wanted to….”
Sara whirled and started running. She didn’t know where to go, but she was so frightened, she knew she didn’t want to stay with him, not when he was like this.
Jared called out. “Sara, wait! I didn’t mean it – I’m sorry,” he yelled as he ran after her.
Sara was almost in hysterics. Seeing the World through a fish-eyed lens, she glanced over her shoulder, but what she saw wasn’t Jared. It wasn’t even human. She ran faster, but her legs seemed to be moving in slow motion. 
Jared called out again. “Sara, please stop running!” 
“Are you crazy?” she countered, trying to decide which way to go. She had built a sizeable lead but that all changed in an instant. One minute he was at least fifty yards behind her, the next she was crashing into his arms. His chest was so robust she bounced against him like a rubber ball. Jared wrapped his arms around her.
 Sara screamed. “Let go of me!”
Jared sighed and easily held her. “No, I won’t. Not until you listen to me. So just calm down, and save your strength,” he said, almost laughing at her. He knew she couldn’t break his hold. Sara struggled in vain. Finally, she stopped fighting and sighed, defeated. “Are you going to calm down now?” he asked, smiling at her. He was himself again, at least for the moment.
Sara nodded, and he loosened his hold on her. It didn’t matter. She couldn’t have run anymore anyway. She was out of breath, and the world seemed to be shimmering. “What happened to your – eyes? And you – you literally growled at me Jared! You said you weren’t a werewolf!”
Jared sat down on the grass, pulling her with him. “I’m not….” He sighed.
Sara started shaking again. “Oh, God! You’re a vampire!” Sara could see it - his face going chalk-white, and his eyes turning crimson. His skin even felt different, cold as stone against hers, glistening in the sunlight like glitter.
Jared cocked his head, staring at Sara in disbelief. “No, I’m not that either.”
“Then what the hell are you?” Sara demanded, her voice raising an octave. She moved away from him. 
Jared reached to touch her face.
Sara gasped and jerked away from him. “Jared, I need answers, and I need them now!”
“This is what I didn’t want you to find out about. I knew when you did - perfect match or not - you would be afraid. You’d turn away from me. I knew I would lose you, and I was right. You won’t even let me touch you now….” He sighed.
“You haven’t lost me Jared, but, please, tell me what’s going on.  What is it that you don’t want me to know? Are you a vampire? Your face is as white as death, and your skin is as cold as ice! Because if you are….”
Jared stared at her as if he thought she was crazy. “Sara, I’m full-blooded Navajo! My skin burns with the heat of the sun! How can you say I’m cold as ice? I was going to tell you Sara! Honestly I was, but I didn’t want you to find out this way. I wanted time to explain things to you.”
“Just tell me Jared! And please tell me the truth.” Sara was afraid to ask. “What are you?”
Jared shook his head. “All right, it’s not going to make any difference now anyway - not now.”
Sara sat, and tried to listen, as he told her the story of his ancestors. How they’d been given the gift of the animal spirits. It was scary. Sara was hearing images and fighting demons. Jared was telling her things that should only exist in novels and fairytales. Tears were streaming down her face, Sara’s sanity kept fading in and out. Her reason blending with the rainbow of colors before her eyes. The bitter taste of fear lingered at the back of her throat. “Do you – turn into a wolf?”
Jared kept talking, but he looked at Sara as if he didn’t know her. “No, not in the literal sense. I borrow their strength, agility, senses. And – ah - Oh, their speed. The other Navajo called us Dark Ones. I’m a Dark One Sara.”
Jared said that like Sara should understand what it meant. She laughed despite the fact that her head was spinning. “No kidding. That’s how you caught me so quick – right?”
“Yeah. It comes in handy at times, but seeing that frightened, wild look in your eyes, makes me wish - I’d never been born.”
“How dare you talk to me like that? You are what you are! You can’t help it! You can’t change it!”
He lay back on the grass. “No I can’t, but I can stop it! Through me and my children, the curse will be passed on. If I don’t….”
Sara looked down at him. The area around his body was pulsating, waving in and out of form. “What are you saying Jared?”
“I love you Sara, but I can’t....”
Sara started feeling lightheaded again. The more upset she got the worse she felt. She took a breath to calm her nerves. “Jared, are you – breaking up with me?”
Jared reached to touch her face again. Sara didn’t move away, but his touch felt strange, as if she could feel the individual flakes of skin on his hand. It was odd to her, but she could see an outline of swirling colors of his body still lying on the grass.
“It’s better for you Sara….”
Sara rolled her eyes. The clouds above had strange shapes and colors. They didn’t even look like clouds. She sighed and closed her eyes. Great, here we go again! If this feeling continued, she wouldn’t be able to hide it from Jared much longer. “Haven’t we been through this already? This is why you wouldn’t….” 
Jared nodded.
“It makes sense now. Why didn’t you just tell me? Why didn’t you trust me with this? So what if your eyes change color and you can run faster than me. You think I care about that?” Sara asked rhetorically.
“Eve did. I let her see this, and she ran back to Australia with her tail between her legs. She wouldn’t even let me explain.”
Sara put her hands on his face. “I’m not Eve Jared. So tell me,” she said, staring into his eyes, “Is this it – is this the whole story? Any more skeletons in the closet that’s going to jump out, and try to scare me away?”
Jared smiled. “No - no more skeletons. All that’s left is just me,” he said, sitting up beside her. “But, is that too much for you?”
“No, I think I can handle this… it may take a while, but you’ll never tell me anything that will be too much,” Sara said. “If you’re trying to get away from me – you’ll have to try harder than this.” Sara smiled at him.
Jared leaned closer. “I love you Sara….” He kissed her.
Sara let him. Jared’s kiss was different this time. He wasn’t holding back, and when he pulled away, his eyes had changed again, to warm glowing amber. A cross between gold and brown. Sara felt different too. It was as though a new connection and understanding had been forged between them. One that would not easily be broken. 
Sara smiled at him again. “What? Why are you looking at me that way?”
“Your eyes are almost glowing again,” Sara said.
“Sorry,” he said, closing them for a few seconds, taking deep, slow breaths. He opened them again, “Is that better? Normal now?”
Sara breathed a sigh of relief. At least she wasn’t imagining that part. She softly laughed. How could his eyes ever be considered normal, but they were dimming now, changing back to the dark brownish black she was used to. “Do I scare you?”
“No, not really. It’s just… different.” She didn’t mention the fact that he looked as if he had a bright rainbow aura around his body. At least Sara’s stomach was starting to settle a little. 
Jared continued explaining how he was different, and about his eyes. Sara listened, but Jared’s voice seemed to be fading, as though he were walking away from her.
“I can normally feel the change coming on, but being around you…” He grimaced. “It just happens. You create such an emotional turmoil inside me that it’s hard for me to control it.”
“But it never happened until we came down here.”
“You have no idea how hard I’ve fought to keep it hid from you. There were a couple of times, when I almost lost control. That’s why I pulled away from you. I didn’t want you to see it. Not until I had a chance to explain. I was afraid you would run away.”
Sara laughed. “I couldn’t out run you if I wanted to Jared. You just proved that.”
Jared chuckled. “I don’t suppose you could have,” he admitted. “But you could run - if you wanted to - now that you know. I wouldn’t try to stop you.”
“I’m not running….”
“I should have known better. I should have trusted you.”
“So, now do you mind if I read the books?”
Jared laughed. “If you think you’re going to find out more about me, and the thing with my eyes, you’re wasting your time and effort. The answers aren’t in any book. You see the transformation, that happens to us doesn’t happen to everyone. Only tribal leaders and very high council members. You remember I told you once I was of royal blood?” He paused, waiting for Sara’s response.
She nodded. “I remember….”
“Well, it’s not just genes that pass it from one generation to the next, and it doesn’t happen to all of us at the same time. Each family - of royal blood - has only one family member that holds the ‘right of transformation’ at any given time. As the torch passes from one family member to the next, the closer it gets to you, the stronger the pull, the more probability you have of experiencing it. Now that Granddad has passed, it will be harder for me to control the change.”
“You mean your grandfather passing has made it stronger in you?”
“Yes, but for now, the ‘right of transformation’ still lies with my father. He will have to work to control his, because the change will be more automatic and natural.”
“How does your mother feel about this?”
“She’s known it was going to happen since before they were joined. You see, we all know about it, because we’re taught about it when we come of age. I was told even before then. At least, Granddad tried to tell me. I was just too hard-headed to listen.”
Sara was curious. “With this ‘right of transformation’ being passed to your father, will it make it harder for you to control it?”
Jared frowned. He feared if Sara thought he couldn’t control it, that it would scare her off. Jared was wrong. Sara loved him so much, even death couldn’t separate them – only he could do that. Sara wished, whatever was happening to her would go away. She looked down and saw a gigantic tarantula with bright red fur, sitting on her wrist. She screamed and slapped at it.
“Sara, what’s the matter?”
“I don’t know. It looked like a spider sitting on my arm. That sandwich I had for lunch must not have agreed with me.”
Jared looked worried and forgot about their conversation. “You think you have food poisoning?”
“I don’t know. I suppose it could be. I feel really odd.”
He eyed her suspiciously. “Odd – how?”
“Like before, headache, dizzy, upset stomach, but now I’m starting to see things.”
“Like what?” he asked his pupils getting large and black.
“Well, you for instance. You look really strange. Like you’ve got some kind of light around you, and your voice sounds strange too. Like you’re far away from me. A few minutes ago, I actually saw you as a vampire, and before that, when you were chasing me.…”
“Ok. How does this feel?” he asked and ran the palm of his hand over Sara’s arm.
Sara drew in a quick breath and closed her eyes. “It’s very… sensual and arousing. Almost like tiny electrical currents playing on the hairs of my arm.”
“And this?” he asked, leaning in to kiss the side of her neck. “What do I look like now Sara?”
Sara looked up at his face, and it had changed dramatically. “You lied to me – you are a vampire! Your eyes are red, and you’ve got sharp fangs!” Sara started to pull away from him.
“Sara, have you… taken anything?”
“What… you mean like a drug or something?” Jared didn’t say anything; he just kept staring into her eyes. His face was changing again. Sara imagined she could see his canine teeth growing.
“Don’t be silly. I don’t do drugs. Of course, I haven’t taken anything. I told you, all I’ve done was… I had a… a sandwich and a glass of… cola.”
“Sara, I think you’ve taken something – whether you knew about it or not. It’s half past one now. This will only last a little while. What you’re seeing is not real. It’s all an illusion. You’re on a trip Honey. We’re going to get back in the car, and I’m going to take you home. You’re safe. Nothing is going to harm you. I’m here with you, and I’ll be here with you through all of this. Just remember, it’s not real. It’s all an illusion… apart from the thing with me. Will you do that for me? Come and get in the car with me, and let’s go back to the house?”
“Sure. I’ll follow you anywhere… Jared.” 
Jared softly laughed. “I know that, but right now, I just want you to take my hand, and come with me to the car.”
Sara followed Jared to the car and got in. It was incredible; everything was so full of detail and texture. Even the steering wheel. It sparkled like black glitter.
Jared got in and started the car. Even the engine sounded unusual, as if she could almost taste it.
------------
On the trip back to the ranch, every so often, Jared would remind her that time had passed and that it was ok, trying to make her feel safe. If he knew how aroused Sara was and how much she wanted him - he wasn’t safe. 
Sara’s insides were burning as if she was in heat, like some kind of wild animal, begging to be free. She wanted Jared! She needed him, and if she got the opportunity, she would have him! Jared would not leave her seething with desire as he had in the past. Sara would make sure of that.
Jared talked to Sara as they drove back. “Sara, I’m going to put on some soft music for you to listen to. It’s probably going to sound a lot different than you’re used to. Ok? I want you to listen to it, and remember when the song finishes, time has passed, even if it doesn’t seem that way for you, Honey – time is still moving forward.”
Sara looked at him and smiled. “Sure, ok.” She didn’t care if time was moving or standing still, as long as he was with her. The music started playing. He was right, it was different, fuller, and deeper; it had never sounded so beautiful, all the notes and scores were inside the car with them, whirling around them like winding rainbow vines. 
Sara could hear every individual instrument of the orchestra, playing in union. The notes were like colors. She could taste them on the tip of her tongue. Overcome with the experience of the music, she started crying. She could actually feel her tears sliding down her cheeks in slow motion, frozen in time against her skin. Time had no meaning for Sara.
“Sara, why are you crying? Are you afraid? What do you see?”
“No, I’m not afraid. The music is just so beautiful. I’ve never heard it with such clarity. I can taste the individual notes. I can hear the bows sliding across the violas. I can see the blues and greens as they radiate from the strings. The sound is so sweet and pleasant. It smells delicate, like a purple snowflake.”
“Sara, think about it. You can’t see music or taste the notes. There’s no such thing as purple snowflakes. What you’re experiencing is not real. Enjoy it if you wish, but remember, if it gets frightening, it’s not real. It’s two o’clock now, time is still moving forward and you along with it. Even if it seems like forever for you, don’t be afraid. This will end. You will be normal again.”
“I’m fine,” Sara insisted as she glanced at the red flashing numbers on the digital clock in the dashboard. It seemed to take an eternity as it changed from one number to the next. Sara felt as if she were being pulled into the clock. She was seeing individual dots of light, rippling and changing, growing taller and taller until they were towering over her like angry giants. “The clock!” she gasped in terror. “It’s angry at me! The numbers are dripping blood and are tall as trees.”
“Sara, the clock is the same as it’s always been. Just dull, grey numbers, changing from one to the next as the seconds pass. Look - it’s five past two now. The numbers aren’t getting bigger. If they seem that way to you, it’s not real. It’s the drug, playing tricks with your mind.”
Sara clenched her teeth. He thinks I took drugs. He thinks I’m some kind of junkie. “I didn’t take anything!” she cried, tears streaming down her face again. “I can’t believe you would think that. I don’t do drugs Jared. You know me, you’ve been around me - it’s not me!”
“I know you wouldn’t take drugs, but you’re showing all the symptoms of someone on an acid trip. I know it’s not your fault. Someone has deliberately given this to you. I don’t know how, but I don’t want you to worry about it now. We’ll sort it out later. It’s not important now. Just remember, not everything you’re experiencing is real. We’re almost home, by the way.”
Sara looked up as he turned down the road to his parent’s house. The sign above the drive looked like two giant trees about to fall on the car. “Watch out!” she screamed and held her hands up to shield her face.
“What - what is it?” Jared asked, concerned as he tried to keep one eye on the road, and the other one on Sara.
“You didn’t see the trees falling over on the car? It’s like they were leaning out, trying to grab the car with their arms, and their fingers had horrible sharp claws. They would have ripped right through the top of the car!” Sara was adamant.
“Hang on Honey, we’re here. I’ve just got to park the car. Do you see the time on the clock now Sara? It’s quarter after two. It might seem like hours to you, but it’s only been about half an hour since all this started. I need you to remember, this is all going to pass, and what you’re seeing is illusions.” Jared lifted Sara into his arms. 
Sara felt as if she had been carried above the clouds. What she was seeing might not be real, but what she felt for him was, and right now, it was driving her insane with desire. The very smell of his skin. The way his body moved against hers. 
Sara turned his face to her and kissed him like a starved leech, determined to drain the life from him. She grabbed his shirt on either side, flinging it and popping every button. Jared’s shirt gaped open, blowing in the breeze.
Jared’s animalistic instincts kicked in like a raging bull. His eyes were two burning balls of crimson desire. He couldn’t resist Sara, even in this intoxicated state. He kissed her back, devouring her, tasting her like melting chocolate. 
Sara opened the button on his jeans, rubbing his throbbing erection.
Jared ran his hand under her shirt and slid it under her bra, cupping her breast in his hand. He came to his senses and realized what was happening, when he started unzipping her jeans. 
Shit! “Stop! Sara - hang on a minute,” he said, panting for breath, struggling to regain control. “Remember what I said about the things you’re feeling. It’s the drug. You don’t want to do this,” he said, moving her hands away from the zipper on his jeans.
“What are you talking about, Jared? I want this! I want you. Don’t you want me? Can’t you feel the need inside both of us?”
Jared smiled. “Oh yes, I feel it, but we’re not going to do anything about it. I’m going to take you upstairs to the bedroom.…”
“Good idea. It might not be polite to do this in front of your family.”
“Sara, that’s not what I meant. You’re not making this easy for me. If you only knew how hard I’ve fought not to do this, and I’m not doing it now! You don’t know what you’re doing. It’s the drug.”
That hurt Sara’s feelings, and she started to cry again. Jared didn’t want her. He was ashamed of her. He thought she was a drug addict, and he didn’t love her anymore. Sara was getting hysterical and started to squirm. “You don’t want me, so just put me down!”
“Honey, you know that’s not true. I do want you, just not this way.”
“You don’t love me, do you, Jared. You’re just afraid to tell me. I’m not good enough for you. It’s ok, I understand. Why could someone as magnificent and beautiful as you like a worm like me?”
“Sara, that’s not true. I do love you, and I do want you, and you are good enough. Now stop saying things like that. It’s not you talking – it’s the drug.” Jared pressed his lips to her temple and kissed her.
Sara heard the faint sound of voices in the distance and Jared’s voice started drifting in with theirs.
“Jared! What on earth happened to her? What happened to her clothes? What happened to your clothes?”
“Sara did this. She’s on a trip Mother.”
“A trip – but how? What did she take?”
“She didn’t take anything. I think somebody gave it to her without her knowing.”
“Will she be all right?”
“She’ll be fine, once it wears off. She might be a little sick to her stomach and may still be a bit dizzy and incoherent, but if it’s what I think it is, it will wear off, at least by morning if not sooner.”
“What can I do to help?”
“Just make a good, strong pot of coffee for me. It’s going to be a long night.”
Sara was vaguely aware of being laid on the bed. The texture and feel of the bed was so overwhelming. She wrapped her arms around Jared’s neck, kissing him passionately again. “So what are you going to do with me now that you’ve got me here?” she teased.
Jared sighed. “I’m not going to do anything. I’m going to sit here in a chair beside your bed.”
“No!” Sara protested. “I want you to lie here with me, and I do not want to sleep. I want to enjoy every inch of your body. I want to feel it, inside me,” she said, trying to take off her clothes again.
Jared coughed. “Sara, I’m not going to make love to you. Not when you’re like this.”
“Then you don’t want me. You don’t love me.”
Jared growled. “Oh yes, I do. I don’t have to have sex with you to know I love you. And I don’t have to be inside you to know I want you. There are higher levels of love than sex Sara.”
“Well, if you won’t make love to me, then I want you to talk to me. I want you to tell me all about why you are the way you are.”
“Honey, I doubt it would make a lot of sense to you right now. It might even frighten you. Can’t we talk about something else?”
“What then?” Sara pouted. Right now, talk was the last thing she wanted to do. The way she felt, she could only imagine how it would feel to make love with Jared, but she couldn’t, he didn’t want her. No wait - he said he did want me… but…. Oh God. Sara was getting confused.
There was a rap on the door, so loud it sounded like thunder. Sara closed her eyes for a few seconds, and there they were. All hovering over her. Looking at her as if she were the main course. Sara started to scream and struggle against the headboard. “Get away from me! You’re all vampires! I don’t want to be changed! Get away!”
“Here you go Jared.”
“Thanks Mother. As you can see, Sara is not exactly herself right now. Please don’t blame her for anything she says or does. She doesn’t mean it. It’s the drug.”
The female vampire reached out to touch Sara’s hand and Sara scrambled off the bed, cowering in the corner, curled up in a tiny ball.
“Maybe you better go Mother. Thanks for the coffee.”
“Jared, I wouldn’t dream of holding anything against Sara. I know this is not her. If there’s anything I can do to help.”
“Actually, there is. You can call Myra and tell her I need to talk to her at her earliest convenience.”
“You don’t think your sister….”
“No! But I’m hoping she can shed a little light on how this happened.”
The female vampire looked at Sara as she left the room. The man walked toward her, reaching out with his arms. “It’s all right, Sara. She’s gone. You’re safe.”
“You’re a vampire too – stay away from me!”
Jared inched closer to Sara, talking in soothing tones. “Sara, I’m not a vampire. Honey look at me. Listen to the sound of my voice. It’s me, Jared. I love you. Please, don’t be afraid. I won’t let anything hurt you. I’m here to protect you.”
“You are?” Sara asked dubiously.
“Yes, Sweetheart. I’m here to make all the monsters stay away.” Jared inched a little closer, going down on his knees, so his eyes were at Sara’s level. “Please, don’t be afraid of me. Take my hand, Sara. Will you take my hand?”
The voice sounded like Jared, but the face was still different. Then Sara’s mind went back to what he’d said in the car. “Remember, it’s not real. It’s all an illusion. You’re safe.”
“All right, if you promise to keep the other vampires away from me and you don’t try to bite me.” Sara slowly and cautiously placed her hand in his. He lifted her to her feet and led her back to bed. Sara lay down, and Jared lay down beside her, holding her in his arms. 
“There, it’s all right. You just don’t worry about anything but getting better and remember, time is still moving for the rest of us, even you, whether you feel it or not. It’s quarter past three now. Myra will be home soon.”
The image of Myra’s face came flooding back to Sara. For some reason, she saw the tiny creases in the corner of her eyes, the radiating color rods in her iris. Myra was too young to have wrinkles, so Sara assumed they were smile lines. “I remembered the melodic sound of her voice and the unusual way she had of singing slightly out of tune.”
“Slightly?” Jared laughed. “The last time I heard Myra sing - and that was too soon – it sounded like two cats fighting in a sack.”
“Yes, I know. Don’t you think it’s unusual?”
Jared laughed out loud. “Unusual is one way of putting it. Torment is a better description.”
Sara looked out the window, and drifted as though she was floating. She reached out to touch the leaves on the trees, but there was nothing but thin air. “Oh my God, Jared. I’m dying. I can’t feel the leaves,” Sara cried.
“Sara, you’re not dying. You can’t feel the leaves because you’re nowhere near them. It just seems that way.”
“Oh,” she said, seeming to accept his explanation. Sara kept staring out the window at all the different colors of the leaves, trees and bark. She could see a tiny ladybug crawling on the edge of a limb. Sara slapped at it because it looked as if it were going to crawl on her nose. It tickled. Sara could feel its tiny scratchy legs.
“What’s wrong now, Sara? What do you see? Why are you slapping at your nose?”
“Because, there’s a lady bug on this limb,” she said, reaching just beyond herself. “It’s crawling across my nose.”
Jared walked over and gently rubbed the end of her nose. “There’s nothing there Sara. It’s half past three now Honey. Can you feel it changing? Time is still passing. You should start to feel better any time. Are you feeling thirsty, hungry, or sleepy? Do you need to go to the bathroom?”
“I think I could use a trip to the bathroom.”
“All right,” he said, putting his arm around her waist, and helping her to her feet. He led her in the bathroom, and stood there, waiting.
Sara raised an eyebrow at him. “Um, you can, ah - there are some things I can handle on my own regardless of how stupid I may sound.”
“Oh, I just thought - I’ll be right outside the door here if you get scared, just call me, and I’ll be there.”
Sara heard the door shut. She finished doing her business, and reached to flush the commode. All of a sudden, the swirling waters in the bottom changed into a snake with massive fangs, and bright crimson eyes. It jumped out at Sara, and she screamed. “Jared! Jared! It’s a snake! The commode is a snake, and it’s trying to bite my butt! Help!”
It seemed to take Jared ages to get in the room and then his arms were around her, holding her. “Oh God Sara. When I find out who did this to you, I’m going to kill him! My poor baby, I’m so sorry this is happening to you. Just keep remembering, it’s three thirty now. Time is still moving forward and so are you. You’re going to be over this in a few hours. I love you Baby. Just remember that and hang in there.”
Jared led her back to the bed and lay beside her, cuddling her in his arms. “Do me a favor. Lay your head on my shoulder. Close your eyes and I’ll sing for you. Would you like that?”
“Yes, very much, but kiss me first, please? Kiss me like a lover, as if you want me. I want to taste your desire for me.”
Jared looked her in the eyes for a while, glancing from one eye to the other, studying her. “I do want you,” he whispered and lowered his head, pressing his lips to hers. His kiss slow and sensual, long and lingering. With the full length of his body pressed against hers, it was easy for Sara to feel his desire for her, his kiss was changing, deepening and growing with hunger. When he finally pulled away, they were both breathless. “I do desire you, Sara. I desire you more than life.”
“I love you Jared,” she said, resting her head on his shoulder and inhaling his masculine scent. She could see his essence as it penetrated every cell in her body. His soul, melding with hers in eternal bliss.
Jared started singing. His voice was so clear and beautiful. It sounded like a cold mountain stream. Sara could taste him on her tongue - the coolness quenching the fire in her soul.
Sara looked up into his eyes. They were filled with love. “You do love me, don’t you?” she said, smiling at him.
Jared smiled back. “Yes, I do.”
The effects of the drug were starting to fade. Sara was thinking a little clearer now, and at least the room had stopped spinning. “Have you ever sung for anybody else?”
“No, Sara,” he said, tucking some loose hairs behind her ear. 
“Can I ask you another question?”
Jared smiled. “What do you want to know?”
“You said you were in love with Eve. How come you never sang to her like you do me?”
“Because, I had strong feelings for Eve. I don’t think I was ever in love with her. I know I’m in love with you. I would do anything for you. I would give you anything, within my power to give you.”
“I don’t feel so good.”
“How? What’s wrong?”
“I’m so tired and sleepy, but I’m afraid to sleep.”
“Why?”
“I’m afraid when I wake up you won’t be here.”
“Sara, I am not going anywhere. I will lay right here beside you and hold you. Close your eyes and sleep, if you’re sleepy. You’ve been through a traumatic ordeal. You have a right to feel tired and sleepy.”
“But I’m afraid the monsters will come back. I’m afraid I’ll be alone.”
Jared turned her face till their eyes met. “Listen to me… I will not leave you… I will not let anything harm you. I will stay here and chase all your monsters and all your fears away. So close your eyes and sleep.”
“Will you sing to me again?”
Jared didn’t say anything. He smiled, and started singing again. Tears filled Sara’s eyes. She’d never been loved like this before. It was almost as if his love was tangible. As if she could feel it being pulled into her lungs with each breath she took, fire and ice.
------------
Sara soon drifted off to sleep listening to the sound of his voice, and the constant beating of his heart, the most precious sounds she knew. The sound that meant safety and security to her, but only in the waking world. His arms couldn’t protect her in the land of dreams. A land full of uncertainty and scary monsters.
Sara’s sleep was restless. Her dreams were bizarre, filled with old men, totem poles of red-eyed wolves, coming to life, and chasing her across the desert, in an endless night, as hot as Hell. Sweat was dripping down her temples. Sara’s hair was damp and matted, plastered to her face and neck, and filled with all kinds of dried weeds, thorns and sand. The only visible light was that of the full moon. 
There was snow on the ground. The air felt as if it were coming off a bonfire. Snow on the ground with blazing hot air? That’s not possible! I must still be hallucinating.
Sara was white-hot. Not from a physical fire, but a fire around, and deep inside her. Each labored breath she took scorched her lungs. They hurt. Sara wanted water. She was so thirsty from the hot air parching her mouth and throat.
There was water, always water in sight, but no matter how fast she ran, or how close she came, Sara couldn’t even touch it with the tips of her fingers. And the strange wooden wolves were closing in on her. Sara could feel their hot breath on the back of her neck as she fell, desperately reaching for the water. 
Sara tried to scream. She knew if she screamed for help, Jared would come and save her, but she couldn’t make a sound. This was it. She was going to die, devoured by animated symbols of wolves from a totem pole. They crept closer. Baring their sharp splintery teeth. Flames licking their wooden grins as though they had been soaked in gasoline, but it didn’t burn them. They should have been burnt to a cinder! 
Sara felt its teeth grab her by the neck, searing into her flesh as one of them started to shake her. Shaking the life from her. Sara drew in one last breath trying to scream. As the sound left her mouth, it was swallowed up by a fierce howl from across the desert. The sound was so loud and fierce it made every bone in Sara’s body ring. Her attacker turned her loose, and cowered several steps back, its head lowered in submission. The other wooden wolves followed suit, slowly backing away.
Out of nowhere, a real white wolf appeared and stood in front of her, eyes burning with fire. Sara didn’t know what to expect. The white wolf whined, licked her face, and turned to face her attackers. Sara felt safe with him in front of her, but she feared for his life. He couldn’t fight all of them alone. 
Sara started trying to scream out again. Then she heard something – a faint, familiar voice – hope – her salvation.
“Sara! Wake up! Sara, you’re having a nightmare – wake up!”
The voice shouted to her from afar across the burning sands, and the white wolf vanished. Sara didn’t want to open her eyes for fear the wooden wolves would be there.
“Sara – Honey, you’ve got to wake up. Open your eyes; you’re dreaming Sweetheart.”
Sara knew the voice, but she was still reluctant to open her eyes, even though she was awake now. “No!” she shouted. “He left me, and they’ll be back if I open my eyes. They’ll be there!”
“Sara, there are no wolves here. You’re safe, Honey, open your eyes and see that it’s just me – Jared.”
Sara flicked her lashes and slowly opened her eyes. She didn’t know who or where she was. In her confused and disoriented mind, the monsters in her dream were real. One of them with long, black tousled hair and glowing eyes was inches from her face. It reached out for her, and she screamed, scrambling back against the head of the bed again. 
“Stay away from me!” she cried. “You’re not real! Wolves aren’t made of wood! You’re just a dream - wood burns!” Sara started crying and hugging her pillow in front of her as a shield.
“Sara! Angel! It’s me – Jared! It’s all right. You’re safe,” he said, his arms open, reaching for her. 
Sara pulled away – eyes wide with fear. “Don’t you dare touch me! Stay away!” she warned.  She stared at Jared, disbelieving, still trying to sort out her chaotic mind. All she wanted to do was get away. She pushed her back even further against the headboard, desperately trying to put more distance between them. Sara clenched her hands and charged at Jared, slamming her fists against his chest.
Jared grabbed her wrists, holding her in his iron grip. Blood started to ooze from Sara’s hands at the tips of her long fingernails.
Jared’s eyes glossed. He fought a wave of bitter tears. “You’re dead you bastard!” he mused. “If I ever find out who you are - you’re fucking dead!”
Jared shook Sara more violently this time. “Sara! Honey! Please! Calm down – you’re safe! Whatever is trying to hurt you is gone – you’re awake! Please!” He frantically tried to reach her, but it was useless; Sara was beyond reason, locked somewhere in a world between, separated from reality and screaming at the top of her lungs. Sara started having a seizure. 
Jared grabbed Sara as best he could, silent tears streaming down his cheeks. “Myra!” he called out. “Myra – get in here – I need you – now!”
Myra ran into the room. “What is it? What’s happening?” Myra shouted, frightened at being awaken so suddenly. “I thought the drug had worn off.”
“Get my bag – from the bedroom – now!”
“What’s wrong with her?”
“Just get me my damn bag and do it now; I’ll explain later. I’ve got to calm her down before she hurts herself!”
Myra hurried in the room and handed him a small black leather case. Jared had pushed Sara down on the bed and was holding her there. “Here – hold her arm!”
“No! No! No!” Sara screamed as her body continued to convulse uncontrollably. “Stay away from me!” 
It was all Myra could do, but she held Sara’s arm still while Jared quickly put a tourniquet on it.
Sara felt something sting her arm. “No!” she screamed again. “Leave me… alone!” Sara’s last words were unintelligible. She felt lightheaded and dizzy. Jared’s face changed to the face of her dream protector, the white wolf. Sara started to calm, and she smiled, reaching out to him.
Sara was barely aware of anything.  All around her things looked different, like they had a rainbow halo around them, and she could see other things. Things that couldn’t be real, pictures of places she’d never seen.
Jared kissed her, and smoothed her hair down, pushing it out of her eyes. “All right, now, don’t fight, Angel. It’s all right. You’re safe, Sara. Nothing is going to hurt you – I won’t let it. It was just a dream, Honey,” he cooed to her, as he cleaned her hand where she’d dug her fingernails in her palms.
Sara felt calmer, and started to drift. Her eyes slowly closed, but she could still vaguely understand what was being said. Jared’s parents were in the room now. Their voices filled with worry, asking questions. Sara could hear the voices, but they were getting hazy now, distant.
 “I thought you said the effects of the drug had worn off.” 
“It should have Mother. It’s three in the morning. The drugs should have played out around six or seven last night. It could be flashbacks, but normally you have those when you’re awake. When you’re under the effects of the drug, you normally don’t want to, or can’t sleep. It stimulates the brain, and there’s so much to see and experience; you simply don’t want to sleep.”
“What do you think is wrong, then?”
“I don’t know, Dad. She woke up from a nightmare, and it was as though she was still in it. She wouldn’t let me touch her. I couldn’t bring her around. She was screaming something about wooden wolves and wood that wouldn’t burn. I gave her a sedative to calm her down, so she wouldn’t hurt herself.”
“How long will she be out?”
“At least a couple of hours Mother, maybe more. It depends on how her system reacts to the drug. I tried to calm her. I didn’t want to give her the sedative, but she was hysterical.”
“Well, the best thing to do is go back to bed and let her sleep it off. The Poor Baby. She must have had one hell of a nightmare.”
“I’m sure you did the right thing for Sara, Jared.”
“I’m staying here with her. I can’t help feeling this is my fault Mother.”
“Considering how things have gone – it probably was your fault!” Myra said her voice accusing. At least Sara thought it was Myra. There was so much fog in Sara’s head; it was hard to distinguish her voice from Nadine’s.
“Myra!” Tom scolded. “Do you think this is easy for your brother, seeing her like this?”
“No, but….”
Jared growled. “What are you getting at Myra?” 
Sara tried to listen, but she kept fading in and out of consciousness.
“You, Jared! You’re so busy running from your future and chasing your past that you’re destroying the present! What you have with Sara is precious, Jared. Not all of us have that or ever will have that. Whether you accept it or not, however long or short it may be, you have a future with Sara - don’t throw it away!”
“She’s right, Son,” Tom added. “Some things are meant to happen, and no matter what you do, you can’t change the outcome. Even, if you never have a child with her, Sara could still die, but her death could be horrible, and at the hands of someone that don’t give a damn! If it has to be, wouldn’t you rather it be with you, someone who loves her? Someone who would die for her or with her?”
 Sara lay still, floating and drifting between worlds, silently listening – or at least trying to listen to their conversation. What were they talking about? Someone said something about her dying no matter what was done. Well, that part was destined. Sara knew she would die, eventually; everyone did – didn’t they? Was this what they were talking about – or was it something else?
Sara thought about the book – the secret she hid. About everything that had happened to her today – or was it yesterday now? It was today. That’s right – Jared had said it was three in the morning, so it had to be today. 
Sara’s head was filling with mist. It was getting harder to concentrate. Something warm and wet touched her forehead, like being licked by a puppy - gentle, soft, and sweet. What was that smell – it wasn’t a puppy. There was something warm near her ear, the tiniest flutter of a warm summer’s breeze – or was it – Jared?
“I love you Sara. I didn’t spend half my life looking for you, only to let you go. We’ll find a way past this Baby - both of us - together – I promise.” 
That’s the last thing Sara had remembered before she woke up later that morning.

Chapter 13
Sara opened her eyes to the morning sun. The first sight she saw was breathtaking. Lying, peacefully sleeping under her head was the object of her obsession. She watched as his lashes fluttered gently from whatever dream he was having. It must have been nice. A smile played on his lips. 
Sara smiled. Words could not explain the feelings she got just from looking at his face. How could one person be so blessed? Anyone Jared gave his heart to, would be the luckiest girl in the world. Sara softly caressed his lips with the tip of her fingers. 
Jared reached up, pressed Sara’s fingers to his lips, and kissed them.
Sara jumped. Jared wasn’t asleep after all.
He softly chuckled. “Feeling better Angel?”
“Yes. I think I’ll live, but my head hurts.”
Jared lifted her chin and kissed her. “I’m glad. I couldn’t take life without you in it. Feel like talking about it?”
“It?”
“What happened yesterday? Your nightmare?”
“Would that be before or after I took a ride on the psychedelic Ferris wheel, or strolled down the yellow brick road?”
Jared smiled. “Do you remember anything about that?”
“Oh yes, I remember everything, vividly, every ridiculous scene.”
“How about who did that to you? Do you have any idea where it might have happened?”
“No, I don’t.”
“Can you remember exactly when you started feeling strange? Where you were at the time?”
“You would have to ask me questions I can’t answer. I started feeling queasy when we left the feed store. My vision started blurring right after we left the house to come back to the hospital.”
“Were you feeling ok when I talked to you on your cell?”
“Which time would that be, you called several times?”
“The first time – when I sent you the list of things to pick up for me.”
“Yeah, I was fine then, at least I think I was. How long does it take for it to act – the drug?”
“If it’s what I think it was, it would probably have taken about twenty minutes, maybe less – maybe more. It varies depending on your weight, and how much you were given.”
Sara’s heart started pounding at the thought of someone giving her something that would do that to her without her knowledge, and without her permission. Sara had heard stories of people getting hooked on crack after the first dose. “What - do you think it was Jared?”
“I think it might have been LSD, but without testing you, there’s no way to tell. You had all the symptoms, but there are a lot of drugs that cause that same effect. If it was LSD, you may not have any further episodes, although a rare few have experienced some flashbacks. I’d like to have you tested. I can talk to Dave Whitefeather, my friend at the hospital, and have him test you. He was Granddad’s doctor.”
Sara sat up with a start. “My God Jared! Why would anybody want to do that to me?”
Jared sat up; put his arms around her shoulders, kissing the side of her neck. “Honey, some people just get a kick out of it, and some do it for a reason. I can’t think of any reason why anybody would want to do this to you, unless.…”
“Unless what?”
“Unless they were trying to get at me, but that seems unlikely. My family are the only ones who know about you.”
“What have I got to do… to be… tested?” Sara hated the idea of needles and doctors, excluding Jared, of course.
“Well, he would need to at least run a blood and urine test. It wouldn’t take long.”
“Blood test - as in out of my arm, and not my finger?”
Jared sighed. “Yeah.”
Sara paused for a while.
Jared started tracing kisses up the side of her neck, gently breathing in her ear.
“Jared?”
“Mmm?” he murmured against her skin.
“Is this, by any chance… to get the answer out of me… that you want?”
Jared softly chuckled against her ear. “Yes,” he breathed. “Am I getting to you?”
Sara turned to face him.
Jared stared into her eyes.
Sara’s heart raced. Her breath caught in her throat. She sighed. “What do you think?” she asked as he lifted her chin with his index finger.
Jared smiled and leaned closer. “I would think – maybe a yes?” he said as his lips met hers, kissing her passionately.
“I’d like to apologize for my behavior,” Sara said when she could breathe again.
Jared snickered. “For what part? For accusing me of being a vampire or werewolf, or nearly raping me?”
Sara blushed. “All three, I guess.”
Jared groaned. “I actually found it kinda sexy. Under different circumstances.…”
“I’d also like to thank you.”
“For?” he asked, mischievously raising an eyebrow at her.
“For being so understanding. For not judging me and most of all… for loving me.”
Jared playfully pushed her down on the bed and came down on top of her, propping his weight on one elbow. “That part is easy,” he said, kissing her again. “The hard part was resisting you.”
“Why did you?”
“Because Sara. When I make love to you, and I will, when the time is right, I want you in your body for the experience.”
Sara smiled and touched his face. “Jared, you don’t need to resist me now… I’m definitely in my body,” she said, kissing him and sliding her hand under his shirt. She gently slid her hand along the skin of his chest.
Jared gasped, held her hand in place, stared into her eyes for a few seconds, and then stood beside the bed.
Sara reached out and took his hand, pulling him back.
Jared sat on the side of the bed, bent down and kissed her forehead. “Come on sleepyhead, let’s go down stairs and let everyone know you’re still alive, and in one piece.”
Jared got up and walked toward the door. “Get dressed. I’ll wait for you out here.”
“Fine,” Sara said. She’d lost the battle again. Back at Wisteria Hall, before this all started, was as close to him as he was going to let her get, despite what he’d said. “I might be alive, but I’m definitely, not in one piece. My heart is in tatters,” she mused as she dressed.
------------
When Sara and Jared got down stairs, not a soul was in sight. “Mother?” Jared called out.
“Out here, on the patio,” Nadine answered back.
Jared led Sara out onto the patio. The instant Nadine saw them, she hugged Sara. “Sara, Honey, I’m so glad you’re all right – you are all right – aren’t you?” she asked, looking at Jared.
“I’m pretty sure she’s going to be fine, but I’m going to keep an eye on her for a while, just to make sure,” Jared replied, and kissed Sara. “Excuse me a minute. I’m going to call Dave and set up those tests we talked about earlier,” he said, taking out his cell.
Sara tried to sound excited. Her heart just wasn’t in it. “Oh goodie!”
Jared chuckled and pushed a speed button. “Hey, Dave, how’s it going…? Really? That’s good, I’m happy for you….. We’re doing ok. It’s hard, but it will get easier after the funeral….We don’t know for sure yet. We’re waiting to see if my older brother Joe and his wife are flying in from New Zealand…. Yeah, you remember him. He’s the one chasing the legend of The Dine’é Yá and the Yá ah-nah….That’s ok Dave. You’ve got your practice. I’m sure no one will blame you if you’re not there.  Listen, what I called about. I need a favor. I’d like to bring Sara over to your office and have you run a couple tests for me…. No, she’s not pregnant, yet,” he said, glancing at Sara.
“Yeah, that’s right - Sara Foster…. How did you hear her? We haven’t published it here yet…. Oh, I see…. Ok. Anyway someone sent Sara on what I believe to be an acid trip yesterday…. No, I think she’s fine now, but yesterday afternoon and last night was… interesting…. Yeah, I want to know exactly what they gave her…. No, Sara doesn’t do drugs. So, could you take care of that for me, and maybe we could get the results before we leave…? Oh man, Dave, I really appreciate this….Yeah, sure, we’ll leave in about half an hour…. Good. We’ll see you then. Thanks again, Dave.”
Jared put his cell away and glanced at Sara. “It’s all set,” he said, proud of himself. “Where’s Dad?”
“He’s making sure everything is setup for the funeral tomorrow. Joe has already called. He and Kate can’t make it, but they’ve sent flowers. Sara, were you planning on going?”
“I sort of hoped I could.”
“There shouldn’t be any problems with you going to the normal funeral, but if you want to go to the final resting place ceremony afterwards, I’m afraid we’d have to clear that through the Council.”
“Jared, I doubt they will let her attend that.”
“Well, if she can’t go, neither am I. Granddad would understand.”
“No, Jared,” Sara said. “It’s all right. I’ll just stay here at the house, and read until you get back. I really think you should be there. It’s your Grandfather, and you should be there to support your family.”
Jared kissed Sara’s forehead. “Sara – you are family. At least you are to me.”
“And me,” Nadine said, smiling and patting Sara’s hand.
“We can discuss this some more when we get finished at Dave’s,” Jared said. “We better leave. I said we’d be there in half an hour, and his office is at least a twenty-minute drive.”
Jared held out his hand. Sara sighed, looked at it for a few seconds before taking it, and standing to leave. “Mother, do you mind if we – ah – if we borrow the Merck?” Jared asked a little embarrassed. He hadn’t had to ask to borrow his parent’s car since he moved to Louisiana.
“Of course not,” Nadine responded. “Keys are on the rack where they always are. I don’t drive that much anymore, and your father prefers the Ram, so use it as much as you need to.”
Jared kissed his mother on the cheek. “Thanks Mom. We won’t be long.”
------------
Thanks to Jared’s driving and knowing his way around, they made it to Dave’s office with time to spare. “Sara, are you feeling all right? Honey, you’re looking a little pale.”
“I’m fine, Jared. I just don’t like doctors and needles, especially needles. Isn’t there any other way of getting blood, than through needles?”
Jared grinned. “Well, there is one other way, but you wouldn’t let me bite you last night.”
Sara furrowed her brow and glared at him. “That’s not funny!”
Jared held the door open for Sara, who was seriously thinking about making a run for it, but she knew it wouldn’t do her any good. Jared would just chase her down. Sara kept taking deep breaths, but her knees were still shaking, and a fresh batch of butterflies had just taken flight in her stomach.
They walked up to the desk. The receptionist was busy writing something on a patient’s file. 
Jared cleared his throat. “Excuse me. Could you tell Dave we’re here please?”
The receptionist didn’t look up. “Do you have an appointment?” 
Jared chuckled. “Do I need one?”
“I’m afraid you do. The doctor is all booked up, and he only sees patients who have an appointment. Are you a regular patient?”
Jared laughed. “Actually, I wouldn’t let that sorry SOB give my horse an enema.”
She jerked her head up and furrowed her brow, annoyed. “Excuse me?” Her tone raised an octave. “Jared? Jared Thundercloud. You coyote, what are you doing down in these parts? I thought you ran off to Cajun country.”
Jared laughed. “I did, but my Granddad had another stroke and lapsed into a coma this time. He passed away a couple of days ago.”
“Oh, Jared, I’m so sorry. I didn’t know. I’ve been out of town for a couple of days, visiting my sister in LA.”
“Thanks, Mandy, I appreciate that. Listen, could you let Dave know we’re here? He promised to run a couple of tests for me.”
Mandy eyed Sara suspiciously and grinned. She picked up the phone. “Yeah, go on back. I’ll let him know you’re coming.”
Jared smiled. “Thanks Mandy.”
Sara furrowed her brow, slightly jealous. “You know her?”
Jared held the door open for Sara. “Yeah….”
Jared put his hand at the small of her back and guided her to an office at the end of the hall. He looked at Sara, smiled, and tapped on the door with his knuckles.
Seconds later the door opened. “Jared, it’s good to see you, man. I’m so sorry about your granddad. It’s confirmed. I have to speak at the convention, so I won’t be at the funeral.”
Jared smiled. “Like I told you on the phone. I understand. Congratulations, by the way.”
“Thanks, but if you’d stayed, it would have been you accepting this award.”
“Yeah – well,” Jared smiled at Sara. “I had my reasons.”
“And I assume this dream on your arm would be the reason?”
“Sara Foster – David Whitefeather. Dave is an old medical student buddy.”
Dave scoffed, and raised an eyebrow. “Buddy? Lifesaver would be a better word. I had to nursemaid this guy through the first year of residency. Did he tell you he used to faint at the sight of a needle?” 
Jared cleared his throat nervously.
Sara raised an eyebrow and grinned wryly at Jared. “Oh is that so?”
“Yeah… well… that was a long time ago.” Jared was embarrassed, although, with his copper skin, it was hard to tell.
Dave shook Sara’s hand. “Sara, it’s a pleasure to meet you. I’m looking forward to seeing you at the convention.”
Sara furrowed her brow. “How did you…?”
Jared sighed. “Myra – she’s let everyone she knows hear the CD I sent her.”
“Oh,” Sara replied.
Dave motioned to two chairs in front of his desk. “Please, have a seat. So, Jared, you said on the phone that someone gave Sara acid?”
“Yeah.”
“What happened to her? What symptoms did she have?”
“She was seeing all kinds of interesting things, vampires, werewolves, monster trees.”
Dave laughed. “Hmm. Those monster trees can be a bit scary. Vampires, werewolves - no problem.”
Sara narrowed her eyes and glared at Dave. He and Jared were apparently having fun at her expense. “I can assure you, at the time, it was not a laughing matter!”
Jared and Dave laughed. “I’m sorry Sara. I just couldn’t resist that. So do you want to do this in here or in the lab?”
Sara chuckled anxiously. “Actually, I’d rather not do it at all, but if I must, in here is fine. Labs make me nervous.”
Dave stood. “Fine, that’s not a problem. Let me just get the supplies. I’ll be right back.” he said, walking toward the door.
Sara sighed. “Oh, by all means, take your time. I’m in no hurry.”
Dave smiled. “Jared, you might better sit on her. She looks like a runner.”
Jared stifled a laugh.
Sara drummed her fingernails on the arm of the chair. She would do anything to get rid of the nervous energy and panic building in the pit of her stomach. She honestly did hate needles.
Dave came back in and handed Sara a urine specimen cup. “You can use my bathroom,” he motioned with his head. “I assume you know how to use it.”
Sara took the cup, sighed and rolled her eyes. Her tone sarcastic. “Yes, I’ve used a bathroom before – on a rare occasion.”
Jared laughed.
Dave sighed in exasperation. “Smarty Pants! Just pop the cup in the window, and the lab tech will get it.”
------------
Sara left the room, but she could still hear them talking.
“I must say, this is a huge improvement over the last lady friend you had. This one has a sense of humor.”
“Yeah, I know. I’m not letting her get away either.”
“So, she’s the girl, then?”
“Without a doubt.”
“So why isn’t there a ring on her finger?”
“I don’t know, man. I guess because I haven’t got up the nerve to ask her, considering we’ve known each other a little under two months?”
Dave whistled. “That’s not a long time. Maybe proposing is not a good idea.”
“Oh, I have no doubts, Dave. I know she’s the one. I just don’t want to… you know… mess up and scare her away.”
“I hear you man.”
Sara finished up and went back in Dave’s office. She sat back down in her chair dreading what was coming next, and giving another thought to making a run for it.
------------
Dave tapped his index finger on the blood kit on his desk. “So, Jared, do you want me to do this, or would you rather do it yourself?”
Jared looked at Sara with sympathetic eyes. “It’s your choice Angel. I’ll do it if you want me to, or you can let Dave do it.”
Sara took a deep breath and sighed. “I’d rather you did it.”
“Sure,” Jared smiled.
Dave slid the kit to Jared. “All right then. I’ll just step outside, and see if my evening appointment is still on.” He patted Sara’s shoulder as he left the room.
Jared ripped the kit open, and took out the tourniquet. “Which arm?”
Sara closed her eyes for a few seconds and clenched her teeth. “It doesn’t matter. Just get it over with.”
Jared brushed his hand over Sara’s cheek and put the tourniquet on her left arm. “I won’t hurt you.” He rubbed the alcohol swab over the bend of her arm. “Make a fist and hold it.”
Sara turned her head, drew in a deep breath, and waited for the sting. 
Jared put the needle cap between his teeth and pulled it off. “I love you,” he whispered. 
Sara smiled but kept her head turned, and her eyes shut tight. Still, she waited… nothing happened. “Are you going to do it or what?” She was getting impatient.
Jared loosed the tourniquet, put a cotton ball over the wound, and bent her arm up. “Done.”
Sara turned her head, looking at her arm, surprised. “What? I didn’t feel anything.”
Jared leaned down and kissed the top of her head. “I said I wouldn’t hurt you.” He sat in the chair beside her, holding her hand.
“How did you do that? It normally at least stings.”
Jared squeezed her hand. “Yeah, well, I knew if I said I loved you, you’d forget about everything else.”
“You cheat!” Sara teased.
Jared laughed. “Hey – it worked.”
There was a light tap on the door. Dave stuck his head in. “So is it over? Have you drained her? Were you greedy, or did you save some for me?”
Sara rolled her eyes, her tone sarcastic. “Yes, he has, and I’m awfully thirsty,” she grinned. “Would you like to be my first snack?”
Jared laughed and handed Dave the three vials of blood.
“You… ah… said you wanted to get the results as soon as possible. Do you want to wait, or would you rather go do something in town, and then come back. It will take at least half an hour to an hour to run the tests. You’re welcome to come in the lab with me, while the tests are being done, but Sara mentioned labs made her nervous. I didn’t think you would want to leave her by herself that long.”
“How about it, Sara? You feel like walking around for a while. We can get some coffee and a donut and go down to the park or the bookstore.”
Oh God no! Not the bookstore. Anything but that! Sara answered quickly. Perhaps too quickly. “The park sounds nice!” 
Jared eyed her suspiciously and stood. “Ok, Dave. I guess we’ll see you in about an hour.”
------------
Hand in hand, Jared and Sara left the doctor’s office, and started walking. There was a gentle breeze blowing, and although the sun was out, there was enough cloud coverage to keep it from being overbearingly hot. This was fun. It felt nice, and natural. Sara enjoyed doing simple things with Jared. She felt alive just being next to him. She smiled.
Jared stopped walking, and studied Sara’s eyes, not saying a word. “What is it?”
Jared shook his head. “I’m not sure. I guess I’m still trying to figure you out. You’re a mystery to me – you always have been.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well… I don’t know… there’s just something about you. Everything about you reeks of life and light. Your smile makes me think of sunshine and rainbows, and your eyes… they’re so beautiful, they remind me of deep amber, the way the rods catch the sunlight, and the way you look at me.”
Sara felt self-conscious. She wasn’t used to all these compliments. “You have an odd way of talking about something so simple.”
Jared laughed, and they started walking again. “There is nothing simple about you. You’re so complex - sometimes it scares me. I thought I had you figured out. Then I see another side of you - like yesterday - and I realize I don’t know you at all.”
“Well, if you keep me around, eventually you’ll either figure me out or give up. There’s only one thing you need to remember. I’m yours.”
Jared grinned. “Well, you can bet I’m going to keep you around. That’s not a possibility – it’s a necessity of life.”
Sara laughed.
“So where do you want to go first? Do you want coffee and a donut?”
“Yeah, sure.”
Jared smiled. “Come on; let’s make a quick stop at the bookstore.”
“No!” Sara answered too quickly again. “I mean, surely there’s a better place we could go than a bookstore.”
Jared sighed. His mood changed. He got quieter. “That’s twice you’ve done that.”
Shit! He’s on to me. She cleared her throat nervously. “Done what?” Sara glanced at the ice cream parlor, a few feet away. An idea struck her. “Hey, I’ve changed my mind. I think I’d rather have something I haven’t had in a long time.” She gingerly tried to steer the conversation in a safer direction.
“What’s that?”
“A large cherry malt. Made extra thick, extra strong and with extra cherries. I haven’t had one of those since I was in junior high. Is there some place we can get one?”
Jared raised an eyebrow, and dubiously stared at Sara. “You want a malt? Why, what’s brought this on?”
 “I don’t know. It’s a semi-hot day. I guess I’m just feeling a little nostalgic. Maybe it was the visit to your friend’s office,” Sara prattled on a mile a minute. She should have known better. “If I was good, Mother used to take me for ice cream after I went to see the doctor.”
“Really?”
“Yes, really. Do you think I’ve been a good girl?” Sara batted her lashes, pouring on the seduction and charm. If there was anything she could distract Jared with, it was charm.
Jared eyed her for a long while, trying to decide if she was serious. Finally he laughed. “All right. One extra strong, extra thick, extra cherry malt coming up.”
------------
They walked in the ice cream parlor, got their malts, and then walked to the park. Sara noticed Jared was quieter than normal. He seemed troubled and distant. 
Sara sat on the bench beside him, and laid her head against his shoulder, slowly sipping on her malt. After several minutes of silence, Sara couldn’t stand it any longer. “Jared, what’s wrong?”
He threw her question back at her. “What makes you think something’s wrong?”
“You’re very deep in thought. You’re normally not this quiet. What’s wrong?”
“Just wondering about something. Trying to figure something out. That’s all.”
Sara turned. Jared’s face was a mask of pain and worry.
“What are you trying to figure out?”
Jared looked at the ground. “Why the person I love, that says she loves me, is trying to hide something from me.” Sara didn’t say anything. Jared continued. “Why she feels she has to sneak around and lie to me about something that doesn’t matter.” He turned to face her, his eyes filled with disappointment. “I know why you don’t want to go to the bookstore, and why you reacted the way you did when I suggested it.”
Sara gasped. Her heart jumped in her throat. “What?”
Jared grinned sarcastically. “Sara, you don’t think my cousin would go to all that trouble, giving you Granddad’s book, and then not brag about what he’d done – do you?”
Sara’s mouth gaped. Her voice raised an octave.  “He was your cousin? The man that sold me the book was your cousin?” Sara furrowed her brow in anger. The man had lied to her and betrayed her trust, not to mention, beat her out of a hundred dollars. “I knew he was ripping me off – the bastard!”
Jared laughed. “You mean he didn’t tell you we were cousins? I’m not surprised about that part, really. I bet he didn’t tell you his name either – did he?”
“No,” Sara growled.
“It’s Joel Sara. His name is Joel Wilson.”
What Sara had said about being ripped off, must not have registered straight away. A few seconds later, Jared’s facial muscles tightened and he clamped his teeth together. “Wait a minute. Did you just say he ripped you off? He made you pay for the book. How much?” Jared’s temper was rising.
“A hundred dollars!” Sara’s voice was still rough with anger.
“How did you pay him?”
“With cash – my own money. I wasn’t going to use your credit card. I wouldn’t do that.”
Jared sighed. “You should have come to me first. He had no right to make you pay for something that wasn’t his to sell. Besides, it wasn’t about the money Sara. He only did it hoping he would be able to drive a wedge between you and me - cause us to split up. He would like nothing better than to make my life miserable. He knows the best way to do that would be through you. There’s one thing he doesn’t know….”
“What’s that?”
“That there’s nothing he could do or say that would ever drive a wedge between us. Don’t worry.” He stroked Sara’s cheek. “I’ll get your money back – if I have to beat it out of him.” 
Jared said that last part as if he would really enjoy carrying it out. That scared Sara. She had no doubts he could easily beat the worm up, but being around him, and knowing how hard it was to control the thing with his eyes, he would give himself away. Sara didn’t entirely understand how that kind of thing worked, but she assumed it had to remain his secret - their secret. If his cousin had been looking for a way to get back at him, why would he use something like that?
“Are you mad at me?”
“Mad – no – disappointed… hurt….”
Sara closed her eyes, fighting stinging tears. Oh God! I’d rather have him raging mad at me than hurt or disappointed. Rage was something that could be dealt with, it could be shared. Disappointment and hurt was an inner enemy, that couldn’t be shared. It couldn’t be vented and most of the time, although it healed, it never went away. 
Sooner or later, somewhere down the road, something would happen to bring it back, and then it was there, dripping like a gaping wound, eager to inflict more pain. Pain that Sara had caused. Pain that she couldn’t take away.
“Look at me Sara.”
Sara turned, her voice choked. “I can’t. I can’t stand that look in your eyes.”
“Sara, look at me.” Jared repeated, his voice floating on the breeze.
Sara took a deep breath for courage and turned, keeping her eyes lowered. Jared cupped her chin in the palm of his hand, lifted it and softly pressed his lips to hers. He kissed her cheek, just below her ear, and the side of her neck. Pulling back, he waited. “Now, please, open your eyes and look at me. I want you to see that there is no hatred there now, nor could there ever be, when it comes to you.”
Slowly, Sara opened her eyes. Jared smiled. They sat like that for a long while, staring into each other’s eyes. Their souls speaking to each other. Speaking of love that could not be uttered through mere human vocalization.
Jared shook his head, disgusted with himself. “See, the only reason I don’t tell you some things is for your own good. Because I know, if you don’t understand them, they can do more harm than good. I’m not trying to hide things from you Sara. I want to share everything with you, everything.” He kissed her passionately.
It didn’t matter to Jared that they were in the middle of a semi-busy park, or that people were mingling around them, watching them - some staring. To him, they were not there. It was just him and Sara, and he didn’t care if they approved or not. And you know, the odd bit was, when Sara was with Jared, neither did she.
How did he do it? Sara began to wonder if she would ever be able to do anything that would turn him away from her. Maybe there wasn’t. If there were, she certainly wasn’t looking for it.
------------
They sat and talked for a long time, yet they never seemed to run out of things to say. Jared and Sara wanted to know everything about each other. Before they realized it, forty-five minutes had passed. Jared took her hand and stood. “We better get started back to Dave’s office.”
“Do you really think he’s going to be able to tell us anything?”
“He should. I hope so.”
They were walking along, hand in hand, chatting away when Sara realized he’d taken her a different route back, and they were standing in front of the bookstore. Sara’s stomach flipped over. “Jared, why are we here?”
Jared held the door open. “Because, like I told you. I’m going to get your money back.”
“Oh, no, Jared. That… it doesn’t matter.”
Jared raised an eyebrow at her, and continued holding the door. Sara sighed, and walked inside, stopping just on the other side of the door, silently praying he wouldn’t be there. She glanced toward the back. Her heart sank. Joel was there.
They made their way to the checkout counter. There was a line of customers. “Look Jared, there’s a long line. Is it really necessary, I mean, if we wait we might be late getting back at the doctor’s office and….”
Jared looked down at her with an expression of determination. Immediately Sara knew she was wasting her breath. She sighed heavily, and swallowed the bile crawling up the back of her throat.
Sara started going over in her mind what she was going to say. What was she going to say? Anything she said would give her away, and make Joel mad at her. To Sara, having Joel mad at her, wasn’t as bad as having Jared mad at her.
Jared led her right up in front of the counter, opposite of the line of customers. 
Joel glanced up at Jared. The look on his face was priceless, almost worth Sara’s agony. Joel looked as if he was staring straight into the eyes of his worst enemy. For all Sara knew, Jared may be just that to him. He didn’t say anything, and neither did Jared. 
After a few seconds of them staring each other down, the line of customers started to get restless. Sara wondered what Jared was going to do. Was he going to wait until Joel had finished waiting on his customers, or was he going to demand to speak with his cousin now? A few seconds later, she found out.
“Hey, friend, you wanna get at the end of the line?” A male customer said, slightly rude, but not overbearing.
Jared turned his glare on him. “I’m not bothering you – friend!”
“Well, maybe you are. Maybe you’re not. At any rate, you’re gonna have to wait your turn like everybody else.”
Sara drew in a deep breath, afraid of what might happen next. She touched Jared’s arm, hoping to quell some of his anger. Confrontation was not something they needed, not between Jared and his cousin, and not in a public place. “Let’s just go. It’s not important.”
Jared looked at Sara and smiled. Then he looked directly at Joel. “Getting your money back from this lying cheat is important Sara. This man sold you a book that he knew wasn’t his to sell in the first place. Then he sold it to you at about three-hundred percent above its worth. I’m seriously thinking of filing charges against him, for selling stolen property.”
Sara hid her head in her hands, and prepared for the worst. To her surprise, Jared and his cousin just stood there, glaring at each other like a pair of angry wolves. 
Sara heard one of the old ladies toward the end of the line whisper to her friend, “Come on… I’m not dealing with somebody like that. Three hundred percent above the price – I can get that cheaper on EBay!”
“Yeah, me too,” her friend replied. They casually laid their purchases on top of one of the bookshelves, and walked out. Several other customers followed suit. Sara saw the old lady meet someone coming in the store, and apparently told them. They turned around and left too. Before it was over, there were only Sara, Jared, his cousin, and the slightly rude man there.
Joel quickly waited on the man and he left, leaving the other three alone now.
“I could have you arrested for that!”
“I could have you skinned alive too,” Jared retorted. “A job I wouldn’t find so unpleasant myself Joel!”
Sara attempted to prevent a nasty confrontation. “Ok, that’s enough – both of you. Let’s just all settle down, and see if we can’t handle this situation like grownups.”
Joel snorted at Sara. “You’d have to have grownups first. You lied to me!”
Sara took a deep steadying breath. Ok, you’re asking for it!  I had lied to you? “Excuse me? Did you just say I lied to you?”
“I told you not to tell anyone where you got the book,” Joel ground through his teeth.
Jared softly laughed, and turned away. Sara knew why. He was trying to keep his anger in check. Jared knew it wasn’t Sara’s fault. Joel was digging his own grave, and Jared was handing him the shovel.
Sara laughed sarcastically. “Just what are you getting at? You called Jared and told him everything. You wanted him to get mad at me, but he didn’t. Don’t you dare stand there and try to deny it.”
Sara glanced at Jared. He had a sly grin on his face as though he was enjoying this. “How are you going to get out of this Joel?” Jared turned. “Sara, this is Joel Wilson, my cousin. Joel, this is Sara Foster – my future wife.”
It was hard to tell who were more shocked - Sara or Joel. Sara didn’t know what to say. Jared looked at her, and smiled his crooked smile. Sara’s stomach jumped in her throat. My God! Did he just propose to me? Surely not – not like this – not here. Did I hear him right? Did he really say future wife? Sara’s head started spinning. She felt as though she were going to pass out. She grabbed the edge of the counter to steady herself.
Jared sighed exasperated, and tightened his jawline. “Sara’s purchase is not the only issue we have to discuss. There’s a little matter of her taking an unscheduled trip after she’d left your store. If anybody should be calling the cops, it’s me,” Jared ground through his teeth.
Joel looked from Sara to Jared. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Sara gasped. “Jared?” 
“To begin with, it didn’t make sense, because you didn’t tell me you’d gone to the bookstore first. Then when Cousin Joel called me in hopes of causing trouble between us by ratting on you, it all started to fit together. Now the only things I need to know is what you gave her, how much you gave her, and how!”
Sara started to cry angry tears. She glared at Joel. She wanted to jump over the counter and strangle him. “You did that to me!”
Jared stared directly at Joel while talking to Sara. “Think about it Sara. You said you started feeling odd when you and Myra headed for the feed store. Did you have lunch before that?”
“Yes… we went to the shoe store, and then we stopped for a sandwich. We left there, went to the grocery store, drove back to your parent’s, changed vehicles, and then went to the feed store.”
“Well, you deserve her, Jared – she’s as crazy and arrogant as you are,” Joel shot at Jared.
What happened next happened so fast it was a blur. Jared growled, and jumped over the counter. He grabbed Joel by the collar and shoved him against the wall. Joel looked as if he were afraid to breathe.
Sara’s heart was pounding with fright. “Jared! Don’t!”
Jared furrowed his brow in seething anger. He put his nose a breath from Joel’s. “Don’t you ever say anything like that about her again, or I promise you – I will kill you. Now, I want you to get in that register, refund her money, and then I want you to wipe your system of the purchase altogether. We will return your trash, and if you’ve got any more of Granddad’s books back there, I suggest you either destroy them, or see that they make their way to my father’s house. Then and only then, will I consider not pressing charges against you.”
Joel’s eyes were wide with fear.
“Now you’ve got a choice Joel,” Jared continued. “You can tell me what you gave her and how you did it, or we can wait another few minutes and find out ourselves from the blood and urine tests David Whitefeather did on Sara. It may not tell me how you got it in her system, but it will tell me what you gave her. I’m sure that would be enough to warrant an investigation. If that’s not enough, when I tell them what you tried to do with the book, I’m sure they’ll be interested – don’t you, Cousin.”
“You’re talking out your ass as usual, Cousin,” Joel spat back.
Jared made a fist with his free hand, and drew back.
Joel sneered at Jared. “Go on, Jared, hit me. You’ll be in jail before you can get out of town,” he said, motioning with his eyes toward the security camera above them. “Smile Jared.”
Jared glanced up at the camera, and then restrained himself. Finally, slowly he released Joel’s collar and shoved him away. Jared glowered at Joel. “Running, Joel? Taking the easy way out? You never could fight one on one!”
Joel grinned, and Sara thought Jared was going to smash his face in despite the camera recording everything.
Jared walked around the counter to where Sara stood and took her hand. “We’re leaving, Joel, but don’t think this is over!”
“You got that right!” Joel retorted.
------------
Jared and Sara left the bookstore and started back to Dave’s office. Sara was so shocked she was trembling. Not because Jared came close to losing his temper with Joel, but because of how Jared had introduced her to his cousin. Her stomach felt like a washing machine agitator. 
Jared turned to her, touching her face. “Are you all right? You look a little pale.”
Sara pressed the back of her hand to her forehead. “I need to sit down.”
Jared whipped out his cell, unlocking it with a swift sweep, his eyes going wide, and his voice terse. “Dave, it’s me…. I’ve got something I need to take care of so we’ll be a little late…. You will, great, thanks man. See you then.” Jared shoved his cell back in his pocket, helping Sara to a nearby bench. “Are you sick to your stomach? Do I need to chase you up another bottle of ginger ale?”
Sara smiled weakly. “No, I think I can get by without it. I just need to calm my nerves a little.” Sara bent over, resting her head in her hands, taking some slow, deep breaths. 
Jared leaned over, tilting his head, gently stroking the back of Sara’s head. “Are you sure?” Sara nodded. “I’m sorry I scared you like that.”
“There for a minute, I thought you were going to smash his face in, and give yourself away.”
Jared chuckled. “I was.”
Minutes passed. They sat in silence while Jared played with a lock of Sara’s hair, twisting it around his index finger, impatiently waiting for her to say something. “Feeling better?”
Sara sat up, leaning against his arm. “A little.”
Jared pushed some loose hairs behind Sara’s ear. “So, are you going to give me an answer?”
Sara furrowed her brow, studying his eyes. “Answer to what?” 
“You mean you didn’t hear? I proposed to you Sara.”
Sara gasped. “What? You were being serious? That was a real proposal?”
Jared laughed anxiously. “Well, it was supposed to be, but I’m starting to wonder if maybe I.…”
“Oh my!” Sara responded breathlessly, tears streaming down her face, her heart pounding, feeling as though she was going to hyperventilate.
“Sara? Breathe, Honey! Sara?” Jared cupped his hands over her mouth and nose. “Breathe! Take deep, normal breaths. That’s it – in and out.”
Her ears stopped ringing, and her head stopped spinning. Sara moved Jared’s hands, lovingly holding them between hers. “I think I can breathe now.”
“Can we talk about this, or would you rather….”
“No….”
Jared’s eyes widened. “No, we can’t talk about it?”
“No – yes - oh I’m botching this up. Yes.”
“Yes, we can talk about it?”
“Yes.”
“Ok, so what’s your answer?”
Sara played ignorant. She wanted to hear Jared’s proposal again, under more pleasant circumstances. “I’m sorry, what was the question?”
Jared raised an eyebrow, softly chuckling. He wasn’t buying it. Cautiously, he cupped his hands as though he thought she might hyperventilate again. “I asked you to marry me. Will you be my wife?” 
Sara smiled. “You’re serious?”
Jared laughed anxiously again. “Well… I was, but you’re starting to scare me.” 
Sara started crying. She tried to use the back of her hands to clear away her tears, but she was fighting a pointless battle. Fresh floods were replacing the ones she’d brushed away. She was so chocked up she couldn’t even speak. Finally, she gave up and nodded her head.
“Yes?” 
Sara nodded again. “Yes,” she whispered, staring into his eyes. Jared stared back, quietly reading her. A wide grin spread across his face. He kissed Sara with so much passion it made her dizzy. She honestly thought she might lose her breath again. Who would have believed it possible? Certainly not Sara but it was true. It was happening.
Jared stood, swinging Sara around in a circle several times before setting her feet on the ground. Sara swayed and he kissed her again, taking her hand. “For a while, I was afraid I might have proposed too soon.”
“You did scare me, but not because I’m afraid, or have any doubts about marrying you. I’m a little concerned. Mother will assume I’m pregnant.”
Jared laughed. “Can’t have that, can we?”
They started walking toward the park exit. Sara scoffed, assuming the question was rhetorical. “I’m not sure how my Dad will take it. I’m not even sure how Lucy is going to react.”
Jared took Sara’s hand. “Well, what’s done is done. No matter what they thing, I’m not taking my proposal back, especially, since you said yes. Let’s get back to Dave’s office, so we can get this over with and decide on our next move.”
------------
Jared and Sara walked into Dave’s office. Mandy, Dave’s receptionist told them to go on back. Dave was waiting for them. Jared tapped on the door, and a familiar voice called out from inside. They went in and sat down. 
“Well, what’s the news?”
Dave drew in a sigh, sliding a manila folder across the desk to Jared. “You were right, of course….”
Jared glanced at Dave, and quickly scanned through the test results. His eyes hardened. He closed the folder, resting it on his knee. Agitated, he tapped his thumb against the side of the armrest, fixing his gaze on Dave. “So, how do you think it got into her system?”
Dave leaned forward, resting on his elbows. “Best I can tell, the normal way, orally, but it was a fairly strong dose, more than it should have been.”
Jared turned to Sara and smiled. “Everything else looks ok. We just need to figure out where you got it, and who gave it to you.”
Sara shrugged. “Jared, I have no idea….”
“Try Sara. I want to make them pay for hurting you! Especially if it’s Joel!”
Dave nervously glanced from Jared to Sara. “Jared’s right, Sara. If you can remember anything about that day.”
Sara looked from Jared to Dave, hesitant, insecure, wondering if she should trust him. As if reading her mind, Jared spoke. “Sara, whatever you say here goes no further. We can trust Dave.”
Dave swallowed hard and forced a smile. “Yep. Anything you say in this office stays here.”
Sara sighed. “I’m not sure it’s going to make a difference. I can’t remember anything that happened before we went shopping.”
Jared held her hand. “Honey, please try,” he prompted. “Try to think of anything unusual that might have happened, while you were at the bookstore. Anything out of the ordinary that Joel might have said or done, big or small.”
Sara’s breath caught. “Jared, you’re scaring me. Is something going to happen to me because of this drug?”
“Probably not, Sara,” Dave sighed. Jared studied Dave’s eyes as he was talking to Sara, intrigued. Dave continued. “There are a few cases where people have had flashbacks. Unexpected, the flashbacks can be a little frightening, and….”
“Please!” Jared interjected trying to control his irritation. He wanted facts, not an itinerary. “If we don’t figure out who did this, they may try to do it again, or worse.”
“All right! Let me think!” Sara furrowed her brow, nervously drumming her nails against the armrest.
“Tell me exactly what happened, what was said, everything!” Jared prompted.
Dave held up his hand. “Don’t push her, Jared. Sara, just close your eyes, and tell us anything you can remember.”
Sara closed her eyes, trying to recall what happened after she and Myra got to the bookstore. “Ok, let me think… We went inside the bookstore. Myra started pulling books off the shelf, telling me the pros and cons of each one. She ah, we talked a little about the Quileute. Then she mentioned something about another book that was out of print. Myra went to the restroom. Then I noticed a man, standing at the end of the aisle, he’d been eavesdropping on our conversation. I know I shouldn’t have done it, but I was curious. I asked him if he knew where I could get a book that told of the true Navajo legends. He told me about a book he had, and how much it would cost.”
“Sara, I need to know what he did, could you just get on with it?”
Sara’s eyes flew open. “All right Jared! All right, geez!” she closed her eyes again and went back into her reverie. “Um, I ah, I didn’t want to look conspicuous, so I grabbed the first two books Myra had given me, and took them to the checkout. I paid Joel cash for the book, and used your credit card to pay for the others. He ran your card through the machine, and it didn’t do anything. It was rejected. He scanned it through a couple more times, and still it didn’t work.”
Jared narrowed his eyes. “That’s interesting. I’ve never had any trouble with my credit card.”
“Yeah, well, anyway. He held your card up to the light and said there was something over the strip, so he cleaned it off with some kind of cleaner. He keyed in the information manually and handed the card back to me. Wait a minute! I remember now, the card was still wet when he handed it to me. I complained that he could at least….”
Dave held out his hand, “Hang on Sara. Jared, can I see your credit card?” Jared placed his credit card in Dave’s hand. He held the card under his desk lamp. One end of the card had some kind of residue on it that sparkled, but not over the magnetic strip. Dave glanced at Jared and sneered.
Jared grinned wryly. “Gotcha, you bastard! Sara, wait here!” Jared kissed Sara’s cheek. Before she could respond, he and Dave were gone. 
------------
After five or ten minutes of wandering around the office, Sara decided to lie down on the brown leather couch, and soon drifted off to sleep. Immediately, she started dreaming about wolves again. This time, as her dream started out, there were only two wolves. One with dark charcoal fur, and a bigger one with black fur standing at least two heads higher than the charcoal wolf. By his size and actions Sara decided the black wolf must be the Alpha.  
The charcoal wolf circled around the Alpha, snarling and baring his teeth. The hair on his back stood on end, challenging the Alpha. The Alpha stamped his feet and stood his ground, snarling with his head towering over the charcoal wolf, saliva dripping from his sharp teeth. 
The charcoal wolf lay on his back baring his belly in submission. The Alpha stood over him, his paws resting on his chest. At first it seemed the fight was over, but the charcoal wolf grabbed a purplish flower between his teeth, and shook it at the Alpha, blinding him with pollen. But the pollen wasn’t normal – it was white, and sparkled in the sunlight.
The Alpha shook his head from side to side to try and clear his eyes. The charcoal wolf took advantage and grabbed the Alpha by the throat. Sara could hear the skin tearing and the bones cracking. She watched in horror as the charcoal wolf bit off the Alpha’s head, swallowing it whole. He glowered down at the lifeless body of the Alpha, and started licking the Alpha’s blood from the ground. Once he’d licked the blood away, he slowly started changing to a man. Then the beheaded Alpha started changing to a man. Sara screamed. The Alpha was Tom, Jared’s father. The strange man had killed Tom. 
Out of nowhere, a pure white wolf with glowing crimson eyes appeared and ran to Tom’s side. The white wolf started changing to a human, it was Jared. He was upset over his father. Jared knelt down, cradling his father’s body, crying, groaning and lamenting. The strange man changed back to a wolf, and stealthily walked up behind Jared. Jared didn’t pay him any attention. The wolf reared up and lunged for Jared. 
Sara started screaming and crying. “No! Jared! Behind you!” But Jared couldn’t hear her. The wolf grabbed Jared by the back of the neck. Sara sat up screaming at the top of her voice.
Within a few seconds, Jared was there with her, holding her. A few seconds after that, Dave came through the door and stood behind Jared. “Sara, what’s wrong?”
“Jared! You’re alive! You’re not hurt.”
“No, Honey, I’m fine.”
“Oh God! Your father – he’s dead. The strange man killed him.”
Jared held Sara close. “Sara, Dad is fine. It was just a dream. It’s all right. No one is hurt.”
“But it was real Jared. The wolf and you and your father,” Sara cried on his shoulder. This wasn’t like Sara. She’d had dreams before, and she’d never had any trouble filtering out what was real and what wasn’t. Why was this happening to her now?
“It was probably a flashback, Jared,” Dave offered. 
Sara turned to Dave. “What did you find out about the credit card?” Earlier, when Jared was confronting Joel at the bookstore, Sara was afraid for him, now she wanted Jared to rip Joel’s head off. She wanted to rip his head off!
“It was the same substance that was in your bloodstream.”
Sara glanced from Jared to Dave. “So what now? Can we go to the police and file charges against Joel?”
Jared sighed. “It’s not quite that simple Sara. Although we can prove that someone put the drug on my credit card, without more evidence, we can’t pin point it to one person. While I feel confident, Joel is guilty; his won’t be the only fingerprints on my card. The police may even try to say I put it on there. I’m the one that gave it to you.”
Sara started to cry again. “No, Jared, you didn’t do it.”
Jared put his arm around Sara, pulling her against his body. “No Sweetheart, I would never do that, never, but from the law’s point of view, I would have to be investigated like everyone else whose prints are on my card.”
Dave did the math in his head. “Considering your weight, your state of mind, and the strength of the drug, I would say that it would take about twenty minutes for the drug to take effect. You said you put the card in your pocket. Unless you rubbed your eyes, put your fingers in your mouth or had some kind of cut on your hand, where you handled the card, you would have started to feel odd about twenty to twenty-five minutes later. Can you remember if you rubbed your eyes or anything like that?”
Sara sighed, exasperated. “Not that I can remember.”
“Did you wash your hands before you had lunch?”
“No.”
“How about afterwards?” Jared suggested.
“No!”
“Ok, so this is how I see it,” Jared said. “Joel sprays the card, making sure he only gets the drug on one end of it. He hands it to you, making sure not to expose himself. Unaware that anything shifty is going on, you take no precautions and are exposed. You get it on your fingers. It starts to soak in the upper layer of skin and, chances are, it wouldn’t have affected you for a long time if at all, but it didn’t stop there. Each time you used the credit card, you were re-exposed again. Then when you had lunch, you would have ingested it through your food.”
“That would explain why there was so much still in your bloodstream. I thought she was only exposed the one time,” Dave sighed.
“No!” Jared commented. “She was continually exposed. What I don’t understand, is why I wasn’t affected when she gave the card back to me?”
“Could have been blind luck Jared. She may have handed you the end that didn’t have the drug on it.”
 “I suppose,” Jared responded, scratching his chin in thought.  But what about the other people that handled the card? Every time she used the card to buy something, that person should have been exposed too. What is going on here? Dave, what are you up to? “What do you think, Dave, have we got enough to have him picked up?”
Dave sighed. “Probably, but if Joel did this, isn’t it logical to assume he will have tried to dispose of any evidence already?”
“I’m not just going to let this go Dave!” Jared growled.
“I don’t expect you to. I don’t blame you. Your girlfriend has been assaulted; of course, I would expect you to do something about it. I’m just pointing out, it’s not going to be easy to prove it, especially if he got rid of the evidence, which I would have expected him to.”
Jared glanced at Sara. “Ah, Dave,” he smiled. “Sara’s not my girlfriend anymore.”
Dave studied Jared’s eyes. “Oh – she’s not?”
“No Dave. I asked Sara to marry me – she’s my fiancée now.”
“Really? Wow! That’s great. I’m happy for you. Now about Joel….”
“Oh sorry Dave,” Jared said and turned to Sara. “Angel, it’s your call. If we do this, you’ll have to file charges. His attorney will do everything he can to either pin it on me or prove you did this to yourself. It would have been easier to prove if you’d only used the credit card the one time.”
“But that’s not the case, Jared,” Sara replied. “What do you suggest?”
“Sara, I don’t want to seem like the villain here, but I have to play devil’s advocate,” Dave said. Sara and Jared turned. “Have you ever used any kind of recreational drugs before? By recreational, I mean taking anything that would make you high.”
“I was always the one who said no,” Sara replied.”
“In that case,” Jared said. “What I suggest is we talk to the DA. Tell him your story and see if he thinks we have enough to go on. But, again, that’s your choice. I can’t make the decision for you.”
“Better still,” Dave suggested. “I know somebody who works for the police. You could at least talk to him and tell him your story. Maybe he would be able to tell you if you have any chance at a conviction.”
Jared turned to Dave. “Do you trust this person?”
“Yeah, I’ve helped him with other cases before. He’s good, and he’s open-minded.”
“Sara?” Jared made her name a question.
Sara shrugged her shoulders. “Sure. I want whoever did this to pay as much as you do.”
Dave smiled. “All right then. I’ll contact him, and see if I can set up a meeting for you. I’ll ring you on your cell, and let you know the details. I assume you’ll be going to the funeral tomorrow?”
“I don’t know. It depends on Sara.”
Sara rolled her eyes. “Jared! That’s your grandfather. You’ll need to be there for your family.”
Dave leaned forward in his chair. “Do you think Joel is likely to attend the funeral?”
Jared sneered. “Who knows, and who cares?”
“I was just thinking about Sara. If he’s there, it might not be a good idea for her to be there. It might be uncomfortable for her, and seeing him might trigger flashbacks too.”
Jared stood. “Then I won’t go!” Sara stood. 
 “All right Jared. I guess I’ll see you at the convention – if I don’t see you sooner. Congratulations again on your engagement.”
Jared took Sara’s hand. “Thanks Dave, and thanks for helping us.” If that’s what you’re doing….
Dave laughed. “You would do the same for me….”
Jared chuckled. “Yeah, I guess I would.” Especially if I find out you’re behind this.
Jared and Sara started walking back toward the car. “Jared, am I doing the right thing? What if it wasn’t Joel? By us accusing him, won’t that cause more friction for your family?”
Jared kissed Sara’s hand. “Don’t worry about that.”
“But I do.”
“Well, don’t. My family is important to me Sara. But, you are my family now, and you come first.”
------------
As they drove back to the ranch, Sara’s mind tried to process everything. She’d never been afraid for her own life, and she wasn’t now. Sara knew Jared would protect her, but who would protect Jared? She couldn’t help but wonder if maybe Jared’s proposal had been a spur of the moment decision. 
Did he mean it, or was he pressured into it out of pride? Had Jared let himself be cornered into proposing to me by Joel? Is it pride that keeps him from taking the proposal back? Is Jared too much of a gentleman to risk hurting me? Why did I say yes so quickly? I love the idea of being married to Jared, but am I ready to become a wife and mother? Oh God! I’m only eighteen; do I know what I want? Mother would certainly say I don’t. What am I going to do? How can I talk to Jared about this without hurting him? 

Chapter 14
Jared parked the car in the garage. He took Sara’s hand. “You’re awfully quiet….”
“Just thinking….”
“That reminds me. I’d like to give you my grandmother’s ring. When I told her about you, she said if she had died before we got together, she wanted me to give it to you. Mother has been keeping it for me. You’d need to try it on and see if it needs any adjustments. It’s a very special ring that’s been in our family for generations. I’m not even sure how many generations myself….”
“That’s something I need to talk to you about.”
“If you’d rather I buy you a new one….”
Sara sighed, trying to find the right words. “It’s not that, Jared. The ring is not important.”
You wouldn’t say that if you knew how rare this ring is…. What it can do for you…. Where it can take you. Jared studied the expression on her face. His mood changed.  “Oh – I see. You’ve changed your mind.”
“No, it’s not that.”
“Then what is it?” Jared seemed agitated. 
“Before we went to the bookstore, had you planned on proposing to me?”
“No, but….”
“If we hadn’t gone to the bookstore, and you hadn’t confronted Joel, do you think you still would have proposed to me?”
“Maybe, I don’t know – what – what difference does it make – it’s done.”
“That’s just it. I don’t want you to - I mean - I know why you did it at the store. You wanted to gloat to Joel.”
“Yeah, but….”
Sara chuckled. “That part was fun, seeing the look in his eyes. I think he was as shocked as I was. I just didn’t want you to think you had to… you know… follow through because of that.”
Jared sighed dreadfully. “What do you mean, Sara?”
“I overheard you talking to Dave. I don’t need a commitment from you Jared. I know you’re not… going to leave me.”
Jared pushed Sara against the wall. He stared into her eyes, and then kissed her passionately. “Sara, I took advantage of a situation. I saw the opportunity and took it. I didn’t propose under the best of circumstances, but it might have taken me a long time before I got around to asking you. But I would have… eventually. It didn’t mean I meant it any less.”
Sara closed her eyes and sighed deeply. She lowered her head. Jared cradled her face in his hands and lowered his head to her eye level. He locked his eyes with hers. “Sara Foster, I love you. I want to marry you. Will you be my wife?”
Tears filled Sara’s eyes. This wasn’t under pressure. This was real, done with real intent. Sara smiled. “Yes….”
Jared kissed her again and pushed some loose hairs behind her ear. “Do you believe me now? Do you want to be my wife? Because I don’t want you to say yes, simply because you think it’s what I want to hear.”
“I meant it Jared. I want to be your wife.”
“Good. Because, I don’t know how much more of this uncertainty I could take.”
Sara kissed him passionately. “I’m yours, completely.”
Jared kissed her back. “Oh no, we’re not going through this again.” He pulled away. “Knowing you’re mine is going to make it even harder for me to resist you.”
“Then don’t resist me,” she whispered.
The sincerity in Sara’s voice took away Jared’s self-control for a few seconds. He kissed her, and touched her in places he’d never touched her before. By the time he had regained composure and pulled away, they were both panting for breath. 
Jared rested his forehead against hers. “No….”
“What about what you said back at Wisteria Hall?”
“That was different, Sara. I wasn’t thinking straight. You were coming on so strong….”
Sara kissed him again, pulling his body tight against hers. “Then maybe I should do it again.”
He moved away from her. “No, Sara.” His cell rang. He glanced at Sara, turned his back to her and accepted the call. “Hi Dave…. No, you didn’t catch me at a bad time…. What do you have for us…?” More lies? “Ok, yeah, sure. That will give us a chance to get through the funeral and rites….. Yeah, I guess I’ll go…. All right, we’ll meet you then. Thanks Dave.”
He turned back to Sara. “That was Dave. His friend wants to talk to us the day after tomorrow.”
Sara nodded. “Ok….”
“I need a break, and I’d like to do some sketching. Do you feel like going for a ride?”
“Yeah, sure, but I’ll need to change. I don’t want to go riding in my sandals.”
“All right, you go change, and I’ll get some things together. You might want to take something to do. I might be out there for a while.”
“Such as?”
“I don’t know, my old guitar, a book, whatever – so you don’t get bored.”
“Ok!” Sara kissed Jared and then went upstairs.
------------
When she entered the lounge, Jared was waiting for her. He put his arms around her waist, lifted her off her feet, and kissed her. “Feel like a short walk first?”
“Yeah, sure – why?
“Well, Dad has the truck, and I don’t really want to take his Merck down that road. Mother said it was ok, but I still don’t want to do it. It’s not far but if you’d rather ride….”
“No, I don’t mind walking.”
Jared had put Sara’s notebook and book in his backpack, and then slung his guitar over his back. He handed Sara two full canteens of water. “Here, you take these, unless they’re too heavy for you.”
“Shit!” Sara blurted out when she almost dropped them. 
Jared laughed and passed her the guitar. “Here – swap me.”
“I didn’t realize they would be so heavy!”
“No problem. They’re not heavy to me anyway.” He took her hand.”
Sara felt ashamed. “I’m ah – I’m sorry for what I said….”
Jared furrowed his brow. “What do you mean?”
“My - ah – my little slip of the tongue. You know - my colorful metaphor?”
Jared’s face lit with recognition. “Oh you mean when you nearly dropped the canteens….”
Sara scoffed. “I don’t normally say things like that.”
Jared grinned. “Don’t worry about it. I’ve said worse….”
The walk was short but pleasant. Anything was pleasant when Sara was with Jared. He made everyday things seem like something special.
Sara propped her shoulders against the barn, waiting for Jared while he saddled the horses. He placed the reins in Sara’s hand. “You do know how to ride, don’t you?”
“It’s been a while, but I used to ride when I was a child.”
“In that case, you ride Jade. I’ll ride Satan. He can be a bit feisty at times. Here,” he said, taking Sara’s hand and holding it and his under Jade’s nose. Jade sniffed at their hands, whinnied, and shook her head up and down.
“Why did you do that?”
Jared smiled and patted Jade’s face. “It’s an old Indian trick. When she smells my scent, Jade knows to obey. She’ll associate your scent with mine, and obey you now as well.”
“How clever, but what about the colt?”
“Don’t worry about her. She’ll follow alongside her mother.” Jared slung the guitar over his shoulder.
Sara bent down to pet the colt. “Myra said you haven’t named her. What are you going to name her?”
Jared laughed. “Colt?”
Sara stroked the colt’s face. “That’s not a proper name!”
“All right, you name her.”
“Jared – she’s your colt!”
“No, Sara, she’s our colt now. And, the honor of naming things mainly goes to the wife.” 
“But I’m not your wife.”
Jared smiled. “Not yet, but you will be soon, so that makes it your job.” Sara smiled. “So, what are you going to call her?”
Sara looked up at him. “Well, the white blaze down her face looks like a star. How about Star?”
“Why don’t we name her after you?”
“Sara?”
“I didn’t say to name her Sara. I said to name her after you, Angel.”
“Oh!” Sara smiled. “Better still… let’s call her Angelstar.” The colt whinnied.
“I like it, and so does she. So from now on, her name will be Angelstar.”
Jared helped Sara while she mounted Jade. Then he mounted Satan, nudged him in the flank, and he loped forward. Jade followed him without prompt. The sudden movement caught Sara off guard, and she wobbled in the saddle for a while before righting herself. 
Jared stopped, and waited until Sara was beside him. “You ok with this?  I could put you in front of me, and take the one horse. I thought it would be less weight on the horses this way.”
Sara patted the side of Jade’s neck. “I’m fine. She caught me off guard. I’ve got it now.”
“You’re sure?”
Sara smiled. “I’m sure.”
They headed across the desert toward the mountains in the distance. Jared was right, Angelstar easily kept pace with her mother, staying near her left flank.
------------
The countryside wasn’t exactly what Sara had expected. There were a lot more trees and grass, but it was beautiful – at least, she thought it was. To some, it might have looked a little barren. How was it supposed to look? It was a desert - tall cactus, prickly thorn bushes, geckos and horned toads scurrying to hide themselves under the rocks to stay out of the sun. A lone eagle soared and wheeled in the updraft, high above them.
They stopped for a few minutes. Jared took a drink from one of the canteens and passed it to Sara.
Again, Sara struggled with the full canteen, but managed to drink without giving herself a bath. Jared kissed her when she passed the canteen back to him. 
Sara smiled and licked her lips. The water was quenching, but his kiss was sweeter. “Myra said the last time you were home was in January. Does that mean we won’t be coming to Arizona a lot?”
Jared chuckled. “Why – do you like it here?”
Sara scanned the horizon and breathed deeply. “I could learn to….”
Jared grinned and nudged Satan again. “Come on….”
Sara was glad they’d brought water with them. The air was hot and dry. They paused several other times to drink. Sara wasn’t thirsty a couple of the times they’d stopped, but Jared insisted she take a drink anyway.
------------
When they reached the mountains, Sara was half expecting Jared to stop, but they kept going until they’d passed a row of six tall cactus. Jared dismounted Satan and tied him to a bush. 
Sara sheltered her eyes against the bright sun. “This is where you wanted to come?” She couldn’t see anything that made this spot any different from all the rest they’d passed without notice. Sara wondered what made it special.
Jared fastened the guitar to his pack and slung them on his back. He leaned his head back and pointed to a spot over halfway up the mountain. “No.  Up there.” 
Sara swallowed hard. Great, more heights. “Up there – on the mountain top?”
Jared grinned at Sara. He already knew she hated heights. “Not all the way up – but close….”
She dismounted Jade and tied her next to Satan. “What is it about you Indians and heights? Can’t you look at anything from the ground?” she grumbled. Angelstar immediately started trying to nurse, but Jade nudged her away.
Jared laughed and slung their canteens over his shoulder. “Looks like Jade is tired of being nudged and nibbled.” Jared leaned across, and kissed Sara passionately, groping her. He grinned wryly. “I guess all women aren’t alike….” 
Sara’s face flushed, and she tried to change the subject. “Do you need me to take those, or at least, one of them?” All I need is for him to start coming on to me now!
Jared smiled knowingly and chuckled. He enjoyed teasing her, but he would enjoy pleasing her more – eventually. “No! I’m assuming you’re new to mountain climbing, as well. You’ll need both hands to keep your balance, and besides, like I said, they don’t seem heavy to me.”
“Well, Jared, there really aren’t that many mountains in Crooked Creek – hills yes, but no mountains.” Sara didn’t imagine a boulder would seem heavy to him. He was as strong as an ox.
Jared took Sara’s hand, and they started their ascent. “You’ll love it up there, Sara. You can see for miles, and it’s the only way I can get the view I want for my sketches.”
Sara allowed her eyes to scan the height of the mountain. It seemed like an angry sentinel in front of her. She wasn’t looking forward to the climb. As she could see it, the only thing he would be able to see that high up, might be the tips of the treetops. “Can I close my eyes, and let you lead me like before?”
“No! You have to keep your eyes open this time. I said I was going to get you over your fears and this is your second lesson.”
“Couldn’t you have started with the wooden wolves? Or the snakes,” Sara whined.
Jared laughed. “Trust me.”
Sara trusted him, but that didn’t mean she wanted to test her balance on a tightrope just to prove it. She’d already let him dangle her over a cliff. Wasn’t that proof enough?
About halfway up the path they paused to take a drink. 
Jared wiped his mouth on the back of his hand. “Now whatever you do,” he said, passing Sara the canteen. “Don’t look down. And keep your back pressed against the mountain.” 
Sara put the canteen to her lips and drank thirstily. Since the canteen was insulated, the water was still cool. Sara passed the canteen back to Jared. He screwed the lid back on and slung the canteen over his shoulder. 
They rested for maybe four or five minutes. Jared stood, signaling to Sara that it was time to continue. Although Jared seemed sure of his path, Sara had no idea how much higher they would have to climb. He took her hand and helped her up. What do you do when someone says ‘don’t look down’? Answer - you look down, and Sara did. She learned a valuable lesson. No matter how far away the ground is, it seems to pulsate up and down before your eyes. Sara gasped, instantly feeling nauseous. 
Jared grabbed her around the waist and pulled her back against the mountain. “I thought I told you not to look down,” he whispered in her ear. 
His breath sent shivers down her spine. That was something she didn’t need at this height. She needed to be totally focused on not falling. “Never tell me not to look down Jared!” 
Jared laughed. Neither the height nor the climb was bothering him. It seemed they’d been climbing for hours, and he wasn’t even out of breath. Sara began to wonder if Jared had been born part mountain goat. To her, it didn’t look as if they were making that much progress; either that or the mountain kept getting taller with every step they took.
------------
Jared and Sara kept climbing for another hour or so. Finally, they stopped on a ledge for another rest and drink. After they’d rested, Jared stood and took Sara’s hand. She briefly looked around. As far as she could see, there was no other way to go than up – straight up. “Where do we go now?” 
Sara’s question was answered when Jared jumped, grabbed the top of the ledge, and easily pulled himself up, backpack, guitar and all. Sara stared up at him in shock. She folded her arms, and firmly planted herself to the spot, shaking her head – determined. “Uh huh, no way, forget it!”
Jared chuckled, and lay on his stomach with his arms dangling over the edge. “Jump, and grab my arms. It’s not that far.”
Sara squealed. “Jared I can’t do that!”
“Jump up, grab my arms, and I’ll pull you up!”
“I can’t, Jared. I’ll fall. I can’t do this!” Sara’s tone was still high with fear. The more she thought about it, the higher her tone got.
Jared leaned further over the edge stretching his arms, so Sara didn’t need to jump. All she had to do was get up enough courage to reach out for him. “Sara, give me your hands.”
Sara hesitated.
“Give me your hands,” he stressed. “Come on, Sara. I won’t let you fall. You’re as light as a feather to me.”
Sara felt as if she would throw up. “That’s easy for you to say. You’re the one that was born part mountain goat, or wolf, or something, or I don’t know what. I hate heights!”
Jared sighed. “Do you trust me?”
Sara swallowed hard. “Yes, I trust you – I just don’t trust me.”
“Then give me your hand,” he said in a soft, even voice. “I will not let you fall,” he said slowly.
Sara took a few quick, deep breaths and lifted her arms above her head, slowly, inch by inch, reaching, half closing her eyes until her fingertips touched his. Jared slid his arms down her hands and locked them around her forearms. “Ok Angel, deep breath.”
Sara gasped, shutting her eyes as she felt her feet dangling. “Jared!” she squealed,” swallowing bile that was determined to choke her. 
Jared chuckled. Sara felt something warm wrap around her like a blanket. “You can open your eyes.”
It was only then, that Sara realized the warmth she’d felt was coming from his arms. Her feet were planted firmly on solid ground. Jared looked down at her, with glowing crimson eyes again. All Sara could do was stare.
Jared saw the reflection of his eyes in hers. “I’m sorry,” he scoffed. “I can’t help it. My eyes seem to have a mind of their own when it comes to you,” he said, leaning closer.
“I don’t mind,” Sara said, barely above a whisper. “Your eyes are fascinating to me, no matter what color they are.” Jared smiled and kissed her.
------------
They walked a few feet further, stopping where a large flat rock, extended over the edge of the mountain. The other end was buried firmly in the ground. Jared sat on the rock and patted the space next to him. Sara sat down. “Now look out there, across the desert,” he said waving his arms toward the horizon.
Sara’s breath caught. Jared was right. The view was phenomenal. Unfortunately, Sara glanced down and immediately felt nauseous again. “Are you sure this rock isn’t going to decide to tumble down the side of the mountain?”
Jared laughed. “Angel, this rock has been here since before the first man sat foot on dry ground. It’s not going anywhere, so you don’t need to worry.”
Sara tried to take his advice, but it still bothered her. She thought about her other dream. The one where she went over the cliff. Did the two dreams somehow tie in together?
Jared took out his sketchpad, and immediately started sketching. Sara watched him for a while and then took out her notebook and pen. After a short tuning session, she was ready to start composing. With such a majestic scene, Sara was sure writing a song up here would be a breeze. She expected the ideas to flow like vintage wine. She was right. In no time, she was off in her own little world, totally wrapped up in her music. 
Sara glanced up. Jared was watching her. She smiled at him and went back to her music. A few seconds later, she glanced up again, and he was still staring at her. She furrowed her brow. “What?”
Jared smiled. “I have a problem.”
“What kind of problem?”
“I can’t decide wither to draw something majestic – or enjoy something breathtakingly beautiful.”
“Pardon?”
Jared put down his sketchpad and moved closer to Sara. He leaned across her guitar and kissed her. “I think I’ll go with enjoying something breathtakingly beautiful,” he said and kissed her again. “What was that you were working on?” He motioned to her notebook.
“Oh, nothing really. Just something that popped in my head.”
He reached for the notebook. “May I?”
“Sure, but it’s just a rough draft.”
Jared read over the words and looked up at her. “Sing it….”
Sara started playing what she thought would be a decent introduction. “All right, but, you’ll have to sing the male part. It’s meant to be a duet.”
Jared sat beside Sara, and held out the notebook, so they both could read the words. “I can handle that,” he said. They sang the song all the way through. It sounded good. Their voices blended perfectly. 
Sara reckoned it would sound even better with the rest of the band. “So, what do you think? Can we use it?”
“Definitely, I like the title, there’s just a couple of things I’d like to change, if you don’t mind.”
“What’s that?”
“Your voice has a higher range. Change the key from D to Eb, and let’s try it again. This time, instead of repeating the last line twice, let’s do it once.”
Sara nodded, and they sang it again. Jared was right. The song sounded better. The chord changed didn’t bother Jared, since he had a higher range voice too. She put her guitar down and reached for his sketchpad. “Now, let me see what you’ve been sketching.” Sara’s mouth gaped. The sketch was stunning. A digital camera couldn’t have captured what Jared had. He had drawn the landscape, but Sara’s face had been drawn into the clouds and sunset. “How did you do that?”
“Do you like it?”
“Yes, I do. You seem to be talented at everything you do. Are you sure you’re for real?”
Jared laughed. “What do you mean?”
Sara started counting off on her fingers. “Well, let’s see, you’re a brilliant doctor. You can sing. You can play guitar, piano, and keyboard. You’re a very talented artist, and architect. But most of all,” she said, leaning closer and kissing him. “You’re an excellent kisser.”
Jared pulled her into his arms and kissed her again, long deep, and lingering. “You’re not so bad yourself.” 
“Eve was an idiot!” Sara said.
“Eve was jealous of you because she knew she couldn’t compete. Even when you were only in my dreams, you were as real to me as you are right now. Eve made a derogatory remark about you, and I let her have it. She knew in no uncertain terms where my loyalties lay. Holding you and kissing you, was as real in my dreams as it is right now.”
“I just wished I could remember some of that. How realistic were your dreams? I mean, how far did we…?”
Jared took her hand and studied her eyes. “Are you asking me if I made love to you?” Sara nodded.
Jared grinned. “That’s my secret. I’m not spoiling anything for you, or myself. When that time comes, it will be as new and special for me as it will be for you.” He kissed her again. 
The sun was starting to drop behind the mountains. Jared held Sara on his lap, with his arms wrapped around her as they gazed at the brilliant sunset. “We’ll need to get back home soon, or Mother will have a search party out looking for us.”
“I’ll bet the view is spectacular at night. You could probably see all the way into eternity from here.” 
“Maybe not eternity, but… it is pretty up here, especially during a meteor shower.”
Sara turned, surprised. “You’ve been up here at night during a meteor shower?”
“I’ve spent many hours here Sara. Day and night. I used to come here to sketch my dreams of you, and think things through. It’s special and private to me. That’s why I shared it with you. We could come back and spend the night here sometimes, would you like that?”
“Yes, I would.”
Jared chuckled, and raised an eyebrow at Sara. “I thought you were afraid of heights.”
“I am, but I’m getting braver. Just make sure, when we come to camp out, we get here in full daylight and don’t leave till the next morning. I wouldn’t want to try and climb the mountain in the dark.”
“Nor would I. But Sara,” he said, leaning in to kiss the side of her neck. “That would mean you’d have to spend the night with me.”
“And?”
“The whole night, Sara. Alone… with me… in the dark.”
Sara sighed. “What’s the matter - can’t trust yourself?”
“Around you? In one word – no!” he said, honestly and stood, holding out his hand for Sara. 
They walked over to the ledge. Once again, the ground seemed to pulsate up and down, and an old, familiar feeling of nausea crept up the back of Sara’s throat. She decided maybe she wasn’t quite over her fear of heights after all. 
Jared studied Sara’s fear filled eyes. “All right… I’ll give you two choices. I can either lower you down, or go down, and you can fall into my arms.”
Sara gulped. She didn’t like either choice, but apart from spending the rest of her life up there on that mountain, she had to choose one. Sara chose the first. There was no way, no matter how much she trusted Jared, that she could make herself free-fall over the ledge into his, or anybody else’s arms. Besides, she was afraid she might knock him off balance.
Jared lowered Sara down. She waited for him to lead the way.  It wasn’t as tiring going down, but Sara was happy, when rock turned to sand beneath her feet. 
They poured water in their hands from the canteens and let the horses drink. Then they mounted them. “Ok Angel, I know you were scared up there, but be honest. Was it worth it?”
Sara smiled, remembering how it felt when he kissed her. “It was worth it Jared. I’m glad you shared it with me.”
After they had shared a long and lingering kiss, they headed back for the ranch.
------------
Jared had been right. Nadine was about ready to send Myra looking for them. 
Jared kissed Nadine’s cheek. “Mother, I might have moved away, but I haven’t forgotten how to get around the place!”
Nadine smiled. “So, did you have a good time? Where did you take her?”
“I took her up on Mother’s Mountain, and yes, we had a good time.” Jared failed to mention anything about the climb, or the perch on the side of the mountain.
“What did you think, Sara? It’s beautiful, isn’t it? I don’t know why Jared felt he had to leave.”
Jared rolled his eyes. “Mother, we’ve been over this before. I had to find Sara.” He reached out and took Sara’s hand. “And I did find her.”
Nadine smiled at Sara. “Yes, you did, and we’re not letting her get away, are we?”
“No, I’m not!”
Sara wondered if Jared would be telling Nadine about their engagement now, or would wait until Tom was there.
Nadine reached for Jared’s sketchpad. “So what did you sketch today?”
Jared sighed. “Mother insists on seeing my drawings. I have to watch her, or she’ll swipe them, and put them in a frame.”
She glared at Jared. “If I hadn’t kept some of them… the sketches would have been gone long ago.” Nadine flipped the cover back and gasped. “Nizhoni, Shiyaazh!” 
There are those two words again, Sara thought.
Jared took back his sketchpad and tucked it under his arm. “Yes Mother, they are, but, you can’t have these! They’re for mine and Sara’s collection.” 
Nadine looked disappointed, but finally smiled knowingly. “Ah – I see. I’ll fix you two a snack. You missed dinner, but I saved some for you. I figured you’d be starving when you got back.” Nadine went into the kitchen.
“Thanks Mother.”
Sara waited until Nadine was out of earshot, and leaned close to Jared. She didn’t want Nadine to overhear. “I need to know something,” Sara whispered. “Those two words she used when she looked at your sketches. What do they mean?”
 Jared smiled. “You mean Nizhoni and Shiyaazh?” Sara nodded. Jared put his arm around Sara’s waist and kissed the top of her head. “They’re Navajo. “Nizhoni means ‘beautiful or pretty’ and Shiyaazh means ‘my son’, when spoken by a mother. When the word ‘son’ is used by a father, it is Shiye.” 
The words rolled off Jared’s tongue like honey. Sara would have trouble remembering how to pronounce them, never mind what they stood for. She looked deeply into his eyes. “Tell me how to say I love you,” she whispered on his lips.
Jared grinned. “I – love - you.”
Sara narrowed her eyes. “That wasn’t what I meant.”
Jared softly chuckled, tilted her face up and smiled. “Ayor anosh'ni,” he whispered.
“Ayor anosh'ni,” Sara repeated and kissed him. 
Sara was naturally curious. “Jared… would you teach me, about your people and your language? I hate looking stupid when somebody says something I don’t understand.”
Jared smiled. “They are not just my people Sara. They’re yours now too, and trust me,” he smiled and kissed her again. “I’ll teach you – at least the ones you need to know. There are only a few. We don’t use the language that much in our generation, but the older generation still do. Regardless of what you do, you could never look stupid. But, it won’t be something you can just pick up in a day. You’ll have to practice, and I’ll expect you to study.”
“When can we start?” Sara asked with eagerness.
Jared laughed and pulled her toward the kitchen. “Can you wait until after we’ve finished our snack? Mother was right, I’m starving!”
------------
Nadine had put some plates of sandwich stuff and a pitcher of iced tea on the table. Sara didn’t realize how hungry she was until she saw the food. 
Jared gave Sara a choice. “Which do you want, white or brown, and do you want everything on your sandwich?” 
“Yes please, and I prefer brown bread to white.”
Jared fixed Sara a roast beef sandwich, and without asking her, cut it into quarters, and handed it to her. They sat down and started eating. Sara thought the sandwich was delicious. Jared said his mother had grilled the roast over hickory chips. That was what gave the meat its unique flavor.
“Jared, have you ever thought about buying a house, and moving back to Arizona?”
Jared raised an eyebrow. “Not really – why?”
“Oh, no reason, I was just curious.”
Jared eyed Sara over the top of his sandwich. One of his sketches flashed through his mind. He tried to put her off. “Do you really like it here? It’s awfully hot and dry and not to mention, dusty.”
“I had noticed that part. But yes, I do like it here. You belong here. You fit in – like the land is part of you or you’re part of it.”
Jared stood and washed his hands at the sink. “Now don’t you start too! I have enough trouble with Mother and Myra. I thought you liked living at Wisteria Hall,” he grumbled.
“I do, for the amount of time I’ve lived there. But, what if I’d lived in Arizona, do you think you and Eve still would have - I mean, would you still have left?”
Jared finished drying his hands on the towel, and tossed it angrily on the counter, turning. Sara could tell by the look on his face, he was getting upset. “I don’t know Sara. Does it really matter?”
“Well, yes, it does – to me anyway.”
Jared pressed his lips to a thin line. “Why?”
“I don’t know - it just does.” Sara replied, exasperated. She hated how Jared avoided subjects he wasn’t comfortable with. She stood and started gathering things together to put them away. She had no idea where they went, but it was a force of habit. She’d been cleaning up after herself since she was seven. 
Jared sighed, calming a little. His tone softened, and his eyes stopped glowing. “I don’t know.” He walked up behind Sara, and put his arms around her shoulders, holding her tight against his body. He kissed along her shoulder and up the side of her neck, and then turned her. He tilted her chin up, looking straight into her eyes. “One thing’s for certain,” he softly said.
“What’s that?”
“If you had been here, I never would have left.” He leaned closer, brushing his lips over hers, teasing her. His hot breath sending shivers down her spine, as she anxiously awaited his kiss. But he didn’t kiss her. Sara wasn’t sure which was more effective; Jared’s kiss or her expectation of it. Jared seemed to enjoy teasing her that way. He must. He did it a lot! 
“Jared, how long are we going to be here?”
Jared grinned. “You do like it here,” he said, making an assumption. “Don’t you?”
Sara nodded. “Yes, I do.”
Jared smiled. “Well, we’ve got to go back for the gig, but then we can come back, and stay until after the convention, if you want to. I’m off work for the next two months. Because of the funeral, I took some of my accumulated sick leave, and vacation time.”
“And they didn’t care?” Sara smiled anxiously. She wanted to see more of Arizona, than she’d seen, before they had to go back to Shreveport.
Jared narrowed his eyes suspiciously. “Yeah. Just don’t get too used to it Sara. Arizona has a way of growing on you. She’ll steal your dreams if you let her.”
“I don’t think that would be so bad, I could learn to like it here.”
“Oh, you could, could you?” He playfully flicked the tip of Sara’s nose.
“When are we telling your parents?
“When did you want to?”
“I don’t know. They’re your parents. I thought you would know when would be a good time.”
Jared laughed. “Sara, any time would be a good time for us to talk to them about our getting married. They love you and to be honest, they’ve been waiting for this day as much as I have. Well, maybe not as much as I have but.…”
“So when do you want to do it then?”
“I think maybe after the funeral, when things have had a chance to get back to normal. I don’t want to be disrespectful.”
“That makes sense.”
“Have you decided where you want to get married? Here, back at the Hall, or in a church?”
“Considering my fear of heights, I know this is going to sound strange, but I wouldn’t mind getting married on Mother’s Mountain.”
Jared scoffed. “Mother’s Mountain! My God Sara, could you pick a harder place to get to?” He laughed.
Sara smiled. “I know we can’t, it was just a thought. We could spend our honeymoon there, couldn’t we?”
Jared laughed out loud. “Sure, if you don’t mind roughing it.”
“I don’t mind.”
“So does that mean you want to get married here then?”
“I’d love to, but I would want you to check with your parents first.”
------------
The next day was taken up by the funeral. Jared wanted to stay home with Sara, but she finally managed to convince him that it would be better on his family for him to be there. Jared kissed her several times, hating the idea of being away from her. Sara hated it too, but there were going to be times they would have to be away from each other, so Sara decided it might as well be now. 
Jared crawled behind the driver’s seat of his father’s Mercedes. The rest of the family got in, and they left. 
Sara felt guilty about what she was doing, but she didn’t see that she had a choice. Not if she genuinely wanted to know. She went to her bedroom and retrieved the secret book.
Sara sat in the middle of the bed with her legs crossed, leaning her back against the headboard. For the first time, she got a close look at the illustration on the cover page. She gasped, cold chills running up and down her spine. Sara had seen the same totem pole in one of her dreams. She ran her fingers over it and opened the front cover. There was no writing on the outside of the book. That’s odd – not even the author’s name.
Sara had already decided regardless of what was in the book, it wouldn’t matter to her. Even, if Jared had turned out to be some kind of mythical creature that rose straight off the pages of history, it wouldn’t change the way she felt about him. She opened the cover, and there was the title and the author’s name.
‘Forgotten Ancient Secrets of The Dine’é Yá and The Dine'é Kay-Yah by George Washington Thundercloud.’
“What?” Sara mused. “This was supposed to be about the Navajo. Did Joel sell me the wrong book on purpose? This isn’t what I wanted! Who the hell are the Dine’é Yá and The Dine'é Kay-Yah? What do they have to do with Jared and his grandfather?”
Sara ran her index finger over the raised calligraphic lettering. It felt strange, almost as if it had been charged with static electricity. It made Sara’s finger tingle where she touched the letters. She looked at her fingertips and rubbed them together curiously. They had a fine layer of white dust on them that glittered in the sunlight. It reminded Sara of the pollen from the purple flower she’d dreamed about. Sara decided it must be the ink, and the fact that the book was old. The pages were slightly yellowed.
She turned the blank page, and began reading the introduction. All of a sudden the breeze outside her bedroom window began to pick up.
‘This book was written in the hopes that it would help others to better understand my people, The Dine'é Kay-Yah. Like all races, stories and legends are handed down from father to son and sometimes these stories become distorted, twisted and some, forgotten altogether.
Although the Dine'é Kay-Yah are one entity, there are certain differences within our Clan that set us apart from the other Clans. There are those that will say, because of these differences, our Clan is not even part of the Navajo people, but that is untrue. They only feel this way because they either don’t understand or refuse to believe.
I hope, once you’ve read these few pages you will better understand why my Clan and I are considered outsiders among our own people. I believe it is these differences that make us stronger as a nation and a people.
 The Holders of Knowledge imparts of their power to all and grants understanding to those who seek it, not for personal gain, but for the sake of knowledge and understanding. 
May your journey bring you peace and long life,
 George Washington Thomas Thundercloud
Sara read the introduction again, paying particular attention to certain words and phrases. Could this be the reason why Joel referred to the Thunderclouds as ‘them’ distastefully? If he was referring to the way Jared’s eyes changed color, and his exceptional speed and strength, it was clear how others could look at his family as different. But why would Jared say he was full blooded Navajo? According to his grandfather, his Clan wasn’t Navajo. It was the Dine'é Kay-Yah – whoever or whatever that was.
Fear crept up the back of Sara’s throat. That weird feeling started coming back. Almost like a distant memory, one that was on the edge of your subconscious mind, but refused to surface. The one she’d had before. Suddenly, Sara got the feeling she was no longer alone. Like someone or something was watching her. A cold chill went down her spine. She shook it off, determined to complete her task. She was even more curious now than before.
The pages of the book were thin, like onion-skin, and stuck together. Sara licked her fingers to turn the pages. For no apparent reason, she started to feel incredibly sleepy. She shook her head to clear her vision. She turned a few pages and notices, the more pages she turned, the sleepier she got. Her stomach started to churn. “Oh no,” she mused. “It’s happening again.” 
A gust of wind came through the open window, and blew the book shut. Sara glanced at the window, furrowing her brow. I don’t remember opening the window. She shook her head and dismissed the idea thinking, maybe the window had been opened, and she’d overlooked it. She opened the book, and started reading again. As soon as she’d read the opening paragraph, the same thing happened again. Only this time, the gust of wind was stronger, closing and flinging the book to the floor, it landed with a loud thud.
“Ok,” she mused.  “This is getting a little strange.” She quickly glanced around the room, not moving her head. Was someone trying to tell her something? She shook her head again and smiled, dismissing her misguided notions. All this secrecy was making her paranoid. Jared would be upset if he caught Sara reading the book. He knew she had the book, but he’s never given her permission to read it. But then, did Sara actually need his permission to read it?
Sara picked up the book, looked around the room, just to make sure she hadn’t missed anything. She remembered how easily Jared could sneak up on her without making a sound. “Is somebody there? Jared?” She shook her head, realizing how ridiculous she was being. Regardless, she pulled down the window. Sara was determined, if a gust of wind closed the book again, it wouldn’t be coming from that open window! 
Sara rubbed her eyes, sighed, and opened to the first paragraph - the one she’d already read twice. “What in the hell!” she all but shouted. “This is getting ridiculous,” she grumbled, rubbing her eyes again. She stared at the words and strange symbols. They hadn’t changed. 
The words Sara had just read - seconds ago in standard American English - had now been translated to some strange and unfamiliar language. It didn’t even look like Navajo. To Sara, it made little difference what language it was. She still couldn’t read it. She was starting to get downright suspicious, and aggravated. It was distressing enough that she had to do this behind Jared’s back. 
“Ok, this is going beyond weird,” she mused, rubbing her eyes a third time, and pinching the bridge of her nose. “I’m going to give this one last try,” she said, turning her head partway to the side and peeping at the words through narrow cracks, afraid of what she might see.
What Sara saw when she looked at the book again sent chills down her spine, and she started to shake. She tried to look away, but something had seized her. She couldn’t even move her head. She felt as if she were in some kind of trance. 
Sara gasped. Her mouth gaped. She was forced to watch in horror as the ink began to spool off the page. It rearranged itself, forming new words in midair. Spelling out first, ‘Sara’, and then the words, ‘don’t be afraid’. 
When she able to, Sara jerked her head away, closing the book without even looking back. Cold sweat popped out on her forehead. Nausea crept up the back of her throat so fast she almost didn’t make it to the bathroom before she bent over the bowl, and spilled the contents of her stomach. 
After several dry heaves, she stood in front of the mirror, holding on to the sides of the vanity to steady herself while her head stopped pounding and spinning. She turned on the cold-water tap and with her free hand washed off the vomit. She was so cold and shaking. She was going into shock. 
With trembling hands, she took a paper cup from the dispenser and filled it with tepid water. Sara’s hand was shaking so severely that she had trouble turning off the water. Steadying the cup with both hands, she brought the cup to her lips, and took a sip before making her way back to the bedroom.
She sat on the side of the bed, and drank some more of the water, being careful not to spill any. Her head was still pounding and whirling around. She closed her eyes and took a couple of deep breaths, willing her heart to stop beating so fast. Sara tried rationalizing her fear, but she couldn’t come up with a reasonable explanation. What on Earth had just happened to her? Sara was so scared she didn’t know what to do. She knew Jared would be home soon, and she couldn’t let him see her like this. He would immediately notice something was wrong. Sara had to find a way to compose herself. What was she going to do?
One thing was for sure – despite what the message said - that book was going back to its hiding place until she could decide what to do with it. Whether what she’d just experienced was real, or a result of her own vivid imagination, Sara had read all she was going to. She wouldn’t need any more prompting from Jared, or anybody else, for that fact. Suddenly, a hundred dollars didn’t seem like such a large sum of money to waste. 
Although, right now, Sara felt like confining the book to the flames, because it had been written by Jared’s grandfather, destroying it didn’t seem like an option. She couldn’t make herself do that - it might be the only copy left, and that wouldn’t be fair to future generations. Or would it? 
Maybe, Sara theorized, what happened, was her fault. Maybe the words just weren’t meant for outsiders. But, if that were the case, what about Joel? Had he read the book? Was this what Joel meant in his warning to Sara?
------------
The front door opened down stairs. Thinking fast, Sara grabbed her bathrobe, ran into the bathroom, turning on the shower and jumping in. Maybe the water would help. At least she wouldn’t have to confront Jared until she got out. Sara knew Jared wouldn’t come in the shower with her; he wouldn’t risk losing control like that.
Jared called out, searching for her. Sara knew trying to answer him was useless until he was nearer. He wouldn’t be able to hear her above the sound of the shower. But why could she hear him, and why did everything seem more powerful and real to her? It was as if the water coming from the showerhead fell in slow motion.
There was a tap on the door. “Sara, Honey, are you in there?”
Sara closed her eyes, took a deep breath. “Yes Jared! Why don’t you wait for me downstairs? I won’t be long.”
Jared didn’t answer straight away. “Sara… why are you taking a shower this early in the afternoon?”
Sara blurted the first thing that came to her, “Because I was hot and wanted to cool down!”
“Oh… all right, I’ll just wait for you here.”
“You could always come in here with me….”
Jared considered her offer for a few seconds. His eyes starting to respond, along with other parts of his body. He stood a few inches from the bathroom door, his desire becoming a dull ache. He reached for the door knob, stopped abruptly, and stepped a few paces back, breathing deeply and rebuilding his will power. “I’ll go down and make us something cold to drink, and bring it up.”
“A tall glass of iced tea sounds nice, right now, with a slice of lemon, please?”
“Anything for my Angel….”
Sara waited until Jared closed the door before coming out of the bathroom. Phew! That was close. I knew you wouldn’t come in here with me! She grabbed a towel and wrapped it around her wet hair, hurried back in the bedroom and put on some jeans and a t-shirt. She was drying her hair with a towel when Jared came back in the room with their iced teas. He sat them on some coasters on the nightstand. “Hi beautiful,” he said, sitting on the bed beside her.
Sara looked at him and smiled. “How did things go?”
Jared cradled her face in his hand and kissed her. “It went ok.”
“Was he there?”
Jared scoffed and handed Sara a glass of tea. “Yes. He was so smug; I wanted to rip his damn head off. I don’t think he’s expecting us to do anything.”
“Then it’s a good thing I didn’t go. With my being there, it might have been harder for you to control your temper.”
Jared chuckled. “It would have been. If he’d so much as looked at you, I would have torn into him.” Jared took a long drink of his tea, hoping the cold liquid would quell the fire building inside him. “I’ve told my parents we need to talk to them tonight. Mother gave me a sly grin, so I’m guessing she suspects what our conversation will be about.”
“Where are they?”
“I gave them some money, and told them to go out and eat. I didn’t want Mother worrying about cooking tonight.”
“That was sweet. What are we going to do tonight?”
“You mean before they get home?”
“Yeah. How long will they be gone?”
“They probably won’t be home until half past six, maybe seven tonight. Mother said something about doing some shopping after they finished eating. Myra is with them, I know they’ll be that long if not longer.”
Sara laughed. “Myra loves shopping for clothes. I can vouch for that. Which reminds me, how did you like the selection of clothes I bought you?”
Jared grimaced. “Well… most of them were ok, apart for the deep maroon western shirt, with the black leather trim. I don’t think I’ll wear that one, it makes me look like a stunt man for a gothic western movie.”
Sara laughed again. “I was afraid of that. It was Myra’s idea. She thought you would look smashing in it, and she insisted you would wear it.”
Jared narrowed his eyes, determined. “Well, I’m not!”
“Can’t you just exchange it?”
“Hey, that’s not a bad idea. It wouldn’t hurt us to do some shopping too. We should buy some clothes to wear for the reunion gig.” Jared stood and grinned. “Change of plans. Let’s go shopping, and I’ll show you some of the sites in Phoenix….”
“Shouldn’t I change first? I might look a little underdressed beside you in your suit. Besides, I’m dying to try one of my new dresses.”
“How long will it take you to get ready?”
“Fifteen - maybe thirty minutes – fast enough?”
“That’s fine. I’ll go water Mother’s flowers, so she doesn’t have to do it when they get back. I’ll leave them a note, not to wait up for us. We’ll have a night on the town.”
“Oh wait! What about your parents? You said we needed to talk to them.”
Jared waved it off. “We can tell them in the morning, or tomorrow night. We’re not in any hurry… are we?”
“No, I guess not. Go do whatever it is you need to do, and I’ll be down in half an hour, tops.”
“All right. I’m looking forward to this,” he said, kissing her. “This will be the first time I’ve seen you in a dress. That might not be a good thing.”
“Why?”
“Well, if it makes you any prettier, which I doubt, I might not be able to control myself.” He kissed her again and left.

Chapter 15
Sara put on her red satin, halter-top dress and red satin heels. She was a little self-conscious. The dress was lower in the front than she usually wore it, but Myra had convinced her that Jared would love her in it. 
She pulled the sides of her hair to the back, held it with a red glitter barrette, and then put on her makeup. She took a deep breath and with one last look in the mirror made her way down stairs. Jared was sitting in the lounge watching the country music channel when she walked across the floor, her heels making a clicking sound. She stood between him and the TV, twirling around. “Well, what do you think?”
Jared took one look at her, and his eyes turned as red as Sara’s dress. “I think you should go change!”
Sara furrowed her brow. “Why?”
Jared embraced Sara and kissed her passionately. “Because if you don’t, one of us is going to regret how this evening ends.”
Sara smiled. “So you do like it then?”
Jared grinned wryly. “Like doesn’t touch it. You look absolutely delectable, and you’re going to drive me mad.”
 Sara smiled and walked towards the door. “Good.”  Jared groaned and followed her. To her surprise, when they got outside, the Mercedes was sitting in the drive. Sara glanced at it and then back at Jared in confusion. 
Jared smiled. “They’re in Myra’s car. They switched when we got back from the funeral.”
“Oh,” Sara said, sitting on the supple black leather seat. She enjoyed riding in Tom’s Mercedes, but then she liked Jared’s BMW also. One was geared for comfort and the other for speed.
Jared kept glancing across at Sara as he drove. Then he would sigh deeply, and concentrate on driving. He did this several times until finally, without warning, he pulled to the side, putting the car in park. 
Sara furrowed her brow. “Why are we stopping?”
Jared cradled the right side of Sara’s face in his hand, and leaned closer, looking into her eyes. “Because I can’t stand this any longer,” he whispered, and kissed her passionately. “You are breathtakingly beautiful,” he said and kissed her again. “Ok we can go now. I think I can last until we get in the city.” Jared waited for a break in traffic and pulled back on the highway. 
Sara smiled, and touched her face where Jared’s hand had been. Jared hadn’t bothered to tie his hair back; he’d just combed it, leaving it to spill over his shoulders. Reaching across, Sara ran her fingers through it. Jared softly groaned as though in pain. Sara bit her lower lip and smiled. Maybe Myra was right about this dress after all….
------------
When they shopped for clothes, Sara planned on buying a couple pair of jeans and some t-shirts, but by the time they’d finished, Jared had practically bought her an entire new wardrobe. It was obvious he was enjoying helping Sara choose what he thought looked good on her. Sara had to admit, she liked Jared’s taste. He gave her free range, helping him choose. 
It was fun shopping with Jared. They went to the bookstores and the music stores also. Sara’s music collection grew considerably. By the time they left the mall, Sara was already exhausted, so they decided to stop at one of the local parks. It was a pleasant, peaceful place. There was a rock waterfall nearby that spilled into a surrounding pond filled with waterfowl. They sat on a bench near the pond to enjoy the scenery. 
Jared put his arm around Sara’s shoulder and kissed the side of her neck. Sara took a deep breath and sighed contentedly. “This is how I like to spend my time,” she said. “What did I ever do to deserve you?”
Jared laughed softly. “I wonder what I did to deserve you.”
“Jared, why did we buy winter clothes in the middle of the summer?”
Jared grinned wryly. “Because we’re going to do some travelling soon. I thought we’d go to Colorado and spend some time camping out in the Rocky Mountains. Would you like that?”
“Yes. I’d love to do some travelling. There’s so much I haven’t seen.”
Jared’s mood turned melancholy, looking as though he might start crying. “We’ll go wherever you want to go. Do whatever you want to do.”
Sara softly chuckled. “Unfortunately, the place I need to go right now is the bathroom.”
“Do you want me to go with you, and wait outside?”
Sara kissed Jared. “That’s sweet, and I appreciate it, but, I’ll be fine,” she said, moving to get up.
Jared wrapped his arms around her and pulled her on his lap, kissing her long and passionately. “Hurry back,” he said, with a touch of sadness in his voice.
Sara studied his eyes for a second, and then smiled. “I will.”
Sara couldn’t have been gone more than five minutes. She was a few yards away from the bench, and she couldn’t believe her eyes. Jared was sitting on the bench, smiling. A strange woman walked up behind him. She put her hands over his eyes, and started kissing his neck. Sara watched. Jared seemed to be enjoying himself. He was letting her touch him and kiss him. 
Is this real? Could this be an after effect of George Thundercloud’s book? Was this part of the curse that went with it?
Sara’s eyes filled with tears. She felt like she couldn’t breathe. Time seemed to stand still. The world around her looked as though it were moving in slow motion. Nothing around her seemed real. Sara couldn’t think straight. Her heart felt as if it was being physically ripped from her body and torn to pieces before her eyes. “This can’t be true!” Sara mused. “Why would he do this to me?” She moved a few feet closer, until she could hear what he was saying.
“All right, you’re not being fair. The dress was hard enough to deal with. You know that sets me on fire. You’re going to get raped right here in the middle of this park, with everybody watching….” 
The woman didn’t say anything. She kept tracing kisses along his neck. Jared leaned his head to the side and groaned. Sara couldn’t stand anymore. She walked up to them. The woman glanced up at her but didn’t pay Sara any notice. Sara walked in front of Jared. His eyes were closed, obviously relishing the attention. Sara stared at him for a few seconds. “I can’t believe you would do this to me!”
Jared’s eyes flew open. He looked at Sara for a split second, his eyes burning crimson, full of confusion. Immediately he whirled. “What the…?” He sighed deeply and groaned when he saw who it was behind him. “Eve! What the hell do you think you’re doing?” He growled and jumped up, glancing from Sara to Eve. “Sara… I… I thought… Eve what are you doing here?”
Eve smiled seductively. “My parents came back to visit friends. I’d hoped I might get a chance to see you. I’ve missed you terribly. I made a horrible mistake Jared. I never should have left you behind.” She attempted to kiss him.
Jared jumped out of her way and glanced from Eve to Sara again.  “Eve, you said you didn’t love me!”
“I know,” she cooed. “I didn’t realize it until I got back home. We were so far apart. I was scared. I’m not scared anymore. We’ve moved back to the States permanently. We’re living in New York.  Don’t you understand? We don’t have to be apart anymore Jared. ”
Jared growled. “It’s too late, Eve!”
“No Baby, it’s not too late. I’m here. We can pick up where we left off.”
Sara couldn’t bear to hear anymore. “That seems like a good idea!” She started crying and running, blinded by her tears. She had no idea where the exit was, or if she was even running in the right direction. Her heart was pounding, her head spinning, throbbing with every beat of her heart. She was hurting so bad she couldn’t breathe. Finally, she collapsed at the foot of a large palm tree, burying her head in her hands, crying hysterically, silently praying to die. She vaguely became aware of footsteps near her. She lifted her head to see who it was. It was Jared. She hugged the trunk of the palm. “Go away! Go back to your… your… whatever she is.”
“Sara, please, let me explain….”
“There’s nothing to explain Jared. Did you contact her and tell her to meet you here? Was that what you did? So you could humiliate me in front of her? Just go away and let me die in peace!”
“No! I won’t go away! I didn’t call her. I didn’t know she….”
“She was kissing you Jared, and you were enjoying it. Just go away!”
Jared knelt beside Sara, his eyes glossed with tears as he looked at her. “Sara, I’m sorry. I thought it was you!”
“What?” Sara shouted. “Jared, how could you mistake her for me? You should have remembered her touch. You proposed to her first. How dare you compare me to that bitch!”
Jared rolled his eyes and sighed in exasperation. “She’s not a bitch Sara, and I’m not comparing you to her. There is no comparison Sara,” he sighed again. “Honey, please listen to me. She walked up behind me and put her hands over my eyes. I honestly thought it was you. I would never do anything to hurt you Sara. I love you. You’re the only one I love and the only one I want,” he said, reaching to touch her face.
Sara’s eyes were filled with mingled tears. A mixture of pain and anger. She moved away from him. “How could you not know when a strange woman is trying to seduce you?” A part of Sara wanted to believe it was all a mistake, but part of her didn’t know how to deal with this. Sara didn’t want to deal with this. Her head was still pounding, and Jared was blurry.
“Sara, I thought it was you, honestly. You have to believe me. I’m going to marry you. I love you Sara. No one has ever held the part of me that you hold. No one has ever meant anything to me but you. You mean the world to me Sara,” he said through tear glossed eyes. “You’re everything to me. I’ve spent my whole life trying to find you.”
Sara looked up, and behind Jared, stood Eve. “You better tell your neck nibbler that!” Sara scowled.
Eve was almost as confused as Sara. “Jared, what’s going on? Who is that? Why were you chasing her?”
Jared stood and grabbed her by the forearm. “Eve, tell her this was all your idea. Tell her I didn’t know it was you,” he ground through his teeth, squeezing her arm hard, fighting to keep his eyes from changing again.
“Jared, you’re hurting my arm!”
He tightened his grip. “I’ll hurt a lot more than your arm if you don’t tell her!”
Eve grimaced. “Ow! All right, I don’t know who you are, or what you’ve got to do with this, but he’s right. I walked up behind him and covered his eyes. I guess he thought it was you.” She glared at Jared, her eyes still full of fear and confusion.  “Now will you let go, and tell me who she is, and what she’s got to do with us? If she’s the little fling you’ve been using to keep me off your mind… you don’t need to bother anymore. I’m here now.”
Jared turned his full gaze on her, glowering, desperately trying to control anger that had turned to fury. “Eve… I tried to use you to forget about her.”
Eve laughed skeptically. “You used me to forget about her? How long have you known her?”
Jared lovingly smiled at Sara. “Since she was ten years old.” Eve stared at them. Jared held out his hand, helping Sara to her feet, and embraced her. “Sara, I could never hurt you. Especially not with Eve. I love you too much to do that. Do you believe me?”
“I’m trying to….”
Eve scoffed. “Oh please, you’re making me sick.”
“Eve, this is my fiancée, Sara Foster. Eve, Sara is the one I told you about years ago. The girl from my dreams. Sara, Eve King, my ex-girlfriend. I’d still like to think we’re friends?”
Eve smiled awkwardly and offered her hand. “I’m sure we’re all going to be good friends,” she said, shaking Sara’s hand, as though Sara had used her hand to clean her ass.
Sara couldn’t tell if Jared was buying Eve’s sugar-coated lemon, but Sara wasn’t. She knew, sooner or later, Eve would be trouble for them. Sara was more bothered about the amount of grief Eve would cause Jared. She smiled sharing a warm glance with Eve. “Of course.” If Jared had wanted Eve, Sara would have let him go. But, since Sara knew differently, if Eve wanted Jared now, she would have a fight on her hands. Sara was not giving him up!”
Eve’s eyes glossed with tears, she was stunned, and for a while, at a loss for words, trying to process the fact that Sara obviously wasn’t a figment of Jared’s imagination. Eve never expected Jared to get over her, because Eve never expected Jared to find Sara, she didn’t believe Sara existed. In fact, she wasn’t convinced that the woman Jared had introduced her to, was Jared’s dream girl.
Eve wiped her fake tears on the back of her hand and sniffed. “Well, it was very nice to meet you Sara. I think I better be getting back. Mother will start looking for me,” she smiled.
Sara studied Eve’s eyes. She wasn’t buying this noble display. “It was nice to meet you too Eve. I’m sorry for the misunderstanding….”
Eve put on a perfect painted smile. “Oh don’t worry about it. It was my fault anyway. I should have known someone as handsome and sweet as Jared wouldn’t stay single for long.” She smiled and touched his cheek. “I hope you’re both very happy. I’ll see you around. Well, bye now,” she said and walked away.
Sara turned away from Jared, tears streamed down her face. She wondered how she could make this right. She should have trusted Jared. She should have known he would never cheat on her. “I’m so… sorry I doubted you Jared. I’m not good enough for you. All I do is hurt you, one way or the other. I don’t deserve you.” 
Jared put his hands on Sara’s shoulder and turned her. “Sara, will you stop blubbering about something I’ve already forgotten about. I don’t care. If I had been in your place, I probably would have reacted the same way – maybe worse.”
“You’re not mad at me?”
Jared smiled, lifted her chin, and crushed his lips against hers, devouring her, pressing her hard against his body. He ended the kiss, looked into her eyes and smiled again. “No, I’m not angry with you. I find it very hard to stay angry with you. When I come anywhere close to it, one smile, and it fades on the breeze,” he said, kissing her again. “There is one thing I wish you would stop doing.”
“What’s that?”
“This does make me angry!” Jared forcefully said.
“What?”
“Stop thinking you’re not good enough for me.”
Sara smiled, “I’ll try.”
------------
They drove to ‘Mastro's City Hall Steakhouse Restaurant’, where Jared ordered Sara, probably the most expensive meal she’d ever eaten, but it was delicious.
For a starter, they had Caesar Salad with Cool Ranch dressing. Then the waiter brought out the main course - jumbo lobster tail with creamed spinach, crepe suzette for dessert, and a bottle of Veuve Clicqout Champagne.  Sara had two glasses. Jared wouldn’t have any since he was driving. Even, though Sara only had a small amount of the Champagne, it was enough to make her tipsy and giddy. At least it dulled her headache.
Jared was enjoying Sara like this. By the time they got home, Sara was pretty spaced out, and again, extremely aroused.
Jared parked the car. “Now, stay where you are until I get to your side. I’m not sure if you can walk straight.”
“I’m fine, Jared,” Sara said, opening the door and attempting to stand. Funny, where did the twister come from, everything was spinning. Sara’s legs felt like wet noodles, and she went down, scraping her knees on the driveway.
“Ouch!” Sara commented, and started laughing. Suddenly, everything was funny. She couldn’t stop laughing.
Jared wrapped his arms around her. “Honey, are you all right?”
Sara smiled seductively at him, “I’m all right,” she giggled. “I’ve just got a little booboo, that’s all.” Jared’s lips were almost touching hers. Sara desperately wanted him to kiss her. Every fiber in her being wanted him. She leaned closer, pressed her lips to his and kissed him passionately. Jared kissed her back and they were left panting for breath.
“Here, let me see your hands….”
Sara kissed him again. “I don’t want you to see just my hands.”
Jared laughed. “Oh, you don’t – do you?” He looked at her hands. “Come on, let’s get inside and let me clean that up.” He lifted her to her feet. Bad idea, Sara started to slump again. Jared lifted her in his arms and carried her inside, depositing her on the sofa. Jared came back with a first-aid kit, and started cleaning her hands. 
Sara smiled. “Jared, I love you.”
Jared finished cleaning Sara’s hands and kissed them, then kissed her lips. “Looks like we’ve come full circle.”
Sara kissed him passionately. “Yes. We met because of one of my little accidents.”
Jared chuckled. “Which is one of the main reasons I decided to become a doctor. So I could take care of all your little accidents.”
“Gyu’re zo sveet… ah I mean so… sweet.” Sara laughed.
Jared chuckled again, and scooped her in his arms, kissing her passionately. “And you, my little darlin’ are drunk. And I’m putting you to bed before you pass out down here, and I have to carry you upstairs anyway.”
------------
It must have been early when Jared put Sara to bed. She woke up around midnight and couldn’t go back to sleep. She slipped on her silk robe and walked over to the window. The breeze was pleasant, with a bit of a chill in it. Sara looked up at the night sky, and noticed, far off, across the desert, lightning flashing. She could hear the distant rumble of thunder. She watched it for a while. It seemed to be getting closer, so she decided to get a better look.
The alcohol had partly dehydrated Sara, and she was thirsty. She crept downstairs, being careful not to make any noise. She assumed everyone else would already be in bed asleep, and she didn’t want to disturb them. Sara went into the kitchen. She drank a glass of water, rinsed out the glass, and turned it upside down on the drain rack.
She opened the door - it wasn’t locked. Why should it be? The only thieves out here would be mice and scarabs. The mice were only interested in dried seeds, and the scarabs were interested in the dead, and things Sara didn’t want to think about. Especially after what happened with that book. She shivered, and pushed the thought aside.
Sara walked out in the back yard. The grass was slightly damp from the dew and tickled between her toes. Despite the air was warm, a gust of wind from the coming storm blew the front of her robe open, giving her a slight chill. She wrapped her arms around her body and shivered again, but she was determined to tough it out. She wanted to see what the sky looked like from the ground. 
The storm was definitely getting closer. The huge thunderhead discharged lightning bolts in evil branching fingers across the sky, answered by a heavy rumble of thunder, which shook the ground beneath her feet. From the sound of it, Sara figured she was in danger of getting wet, so she didn’t wander far from the house.
She closed her eyes and breathed in the fresh air. It was exhilarating. You could almost feel the electrical current as it flowed through the air from the discharged lightning flashes. The lightning, for some reason Sara couldn’t fathom why, but it reminded her of the spiraling ink from George Thunderclouds book, and the horrible dream she’d had at Dave’s office.
All of a sudden, even though Sara was alone, it felt as if the desert had a thousand eyes, all staring at her. She was about to go back into the house. Despite the spectacular view, she was overcome by an eerie feeling.
“What are you doing out here… like this?” A familiar voice whispered in her ear, tickling her neck.
Sara spun to face a wall of solid bronze muscle, and a pair of glowing crimson eyes. He wrapped his arms around her.
Caught off guard, Sara gasped. “God, I wish you wouldn’t do that! Or at least give me some kind of warning. Seeing a pair of crimson eyes in the dark, especially towering above you is not normal Jared. I didn’t hear you cross the porch. I should have heard you – the boards squeaked when I walked over them!”
Jared laughed – a soft, seductive sound that made Sara shiver again. He wrapped his arms tighter around her, thinking she was cold. “It might not have been me Sara.”
Sara softly touched his face, looking into his eyes. “Who else would it have been?”
“Sara, we’re not shielded from the influences of the outside world. Joel knows where we are.”
“That might be true, but I know I’m safe whenever you’re around.”
“You’re shivering,” he said, holding her tighter.
“It wasn’t the wind that made me shiver just now.”
Jared smiled and kissed the end of her nose. “Really? That’s interesting.”
 “How did you know I was out here? I didn’t think anyone was up. I tried not to make any noise, but I was thirsty.”
Jared turned her and pointed up. “Oh!” she commented. Their bedroom windows were almost side-by-side, but for the bathroom between them. “What were you doing up?”
“I was reading. I had put my book down to go to sleep, and decided to watch the lightning for a while. It must have reflected off your metal hair clasp,” he said, reaching up and slowly sliding it free. Sara’s hair spilled down over her shoulders. Jared threaded his fingers in it at the base of her neck and fluffed it out, then smoothed it down with slow, electrifying strokes. 
“You’re beautiful anyway, but you’re more beautiful with your hair down. Sara closed her eyes and took a deep, shaky breath. “I like it better this way….”
Sara opened her eyes, and he was staring at her, his eyes two balls of burning fire. He leaned closer, rubbing his cheek against her. “Ayor anosh'ni,” he whispered in her ear. 
Sara’s knees started to buckle. “How do you do that to me?” Sara breathed as he kissed along the sides of her neck down to her bare shoulders.
“Do what?” he replied, trying to sound innocent, slyly grinning.
“Make me forget I have to breathe.”
“I guess I better do something about it,” he said and kissed her. Sara’s legs turned to hot butter. If Jared hadn’t been holding her up, she would have collapsed. “You’re awfully weak in your legs Sara,” he said smiling, trying to make her believe he didn’t know why. Sara wasn’t buying it. Jared knew exactly what he was doing to her, and he loved it. He loved making her stumble on her words and gasp for breath.
Jared pressed the full length of his body against hers. Sara immediately became aware that there was nothing but her strapless silk nightgown and his cotton pajama bottom between them. Sara wasn’t the only one aroused. Jared groaned and deepened the kiss - his need as strong as hers - his body slightly trembling - struggling for control – holding back, afraid to let go. 
Jared knew things were getting out of hand, and Sara wasn’t helping. But then, after what happened at Wisteria Hall, she was determined not to. Sara was ready to give in to her feelings, but Jared wasn’t. He moved his lips away from hers, taking a breath. “God, Sara, you’re pushing me,” he said, breathlessly. “Eventually you’re going to make me snap and when I do….”
Sara turned his face. He kept his eyes closed, his face a mask of pain and control. She kissed him again. “Is that a threat, or a promise?” she asked in a seductive whisper.
“A promise,” he said and crushed his lips against hers, scooping her into his arms. He sat down on the porch, holding Sara on his lap, kissing her and exploring her body. Sara could hardly breathe her heart was pounding so hard. Jared’s was pounding too. Sara knew he was losing it, and so did Jared. 
“Sara, we have to stop now!” he said, pulling away. “I won’t do this. I won’t risk having a baby with you.”
“Why? Because you’re afraid, its eyes may glow like yours, or it might be able to run a little faster than other children? I don’t care if you start baying at the moon. Ayor anosh’ni,” Sara said, her Navajo as fluent as his. “I want you, Jared, and I know you want me,” she said, turning his face to hers. “I can see it in your eyes. I can feel your body against mine. Why do you keep fighting this? It’s what we both want, isn’t it?”
Jared kissed her, and then pulled away, just like before. Sara sighed, disappointed.
“It’s not just about wanting and needing Sara. The possible consequences are what prevent me from doing what we both want. I won’t risk you, no matter how much I want you, and it’s not going to do you any good to keep testing my will power like this. I’m stronger than you could ever believe.” His eyes might have been hot as a burning flame, but they were cold as ice, determined.
Sara was hurt. Jared thought she got up, in the middle of the night, decided to take a stroll in her nightgown, conveniently standing in a position that just happened to be under his bedroom window. Lure him out here, so she could seduce him and test his iron will power! Sara didn’t even know it was his bedroom. Jared was acting, like all those times they’d been tempted to go all the way, that it was her fault. That she’d been teasing and luring him. 
Sara turned away from him, so he couldn’t see the hurt and anger brewing behind her eyes. Hot tears streamed down her cheeks. Sara ignored the wind when it made them feel like icicles on her face.
“I’m sorry Jared. I didn’t realize… this was all my fault.” She’d started to cry. Jared reached out to touch her, but she moved away. “I honestly did not come out here for you to follow me, so I could throw myself at you, again! I came to watch the storm. And for a while – for a very brief while – you made me feel like I was standing in the clouds. Now I see the storm has passed. You’re right – it’s entirely my fault. I’m going to my room now like a good little girl Jared. Thanks for the – mauling,” she snarled.
Jared took a step toward her. “Sara, you know that’s not the way it is.”
“Yeah?” she countered. “Well that’s the way it feels.” Sara wouldn’t look at him. She knew it would just make walking away harder. She didn’t want to turn away from him, but he’d given her no choice. He’d made his choice. He didn’t want her. Sara left him standing there watching her leave. She knew he was watching her. She could feel his eyes on her, glowing red with what, love, lust? Did it really matter? 
Sara put her hand over her mouth, fighting tears as she ran straight to her bedroom, slamming the door behind her. Burying her head in the pillow, she cried until her eyes were red and dry. Maybe she was pushing Jared too hard. Maybe she did need to back off. Maybe it was what he really wanted, and he just didn’t want to hurt her feelings. Sara didn’t know how much more of this mood ride she could handle. Somehow, she would find the courage and strength to gradually let him go.

Chapter 16
Sara and Jared spent the next three or four days much the same. Jared was serving as Sara’s tour guide, but things were different now. She’d given up. She’d stopped pushing. She only kissed him when he kissed her first, and she didn’t offer her opinion unless he asked for it. 
She listened as Jared told her the names of all the mountains and their importance to his Clan. It seemed the ‘Navajo’ gave a name to everything, because they believed everything, even the rocks had a spirit. But then Sara knew that wasn’t Jared’s real Clan, was it? At least, not according to George Washington Thomas Thundercloud, Jared’s grandfather. Unless, Joel had sold her a fake copy – an altered copy that allowed Sara to see what Joel wanted her to see. 
Sara snapped hundreds of pictures with her cell phone, usually when Jared wasn’t looking. No matter what happened, Sara didn’t want to forget any of this. She used her timer application and took pictures of her and Jared – but precious few. Sara reasoned if this were going to be the end for them, it would be easier if she didn’t have a lot of his pictures to remind her of her pain. She took pictures of his family too but again precious few for the same reason. Sara especially didn’t want to forget them. She loved them, all of them. She even took some pictures of the horses, especially Jade and Angelstar. This was her way of letting go, but every time she thought about it, she cried.
Jared never knew, but Sara cried a lot. When she was with him, she wouldn’t let it show. Nadine kept quiet, but she knew too. Since Jared didn’t trust himself to sleep in the same room as Sara, she’d spent her nights alone, organizing her pictures, and writing in her journal. She got the idea from Jared’s dream diary. She wanted to have a record of what went on here. She also wrote some more poems and songs. Breaking away was killing her. Every night, after Jared kissed her goodnight and went to his bedroom, Sara would cry herself to sleep. Every morning, she’d pulled herself together and put on a perfect plastic smile. Until Jared changed his mind or gave her some indication he wanted a normal life with her, this was how it would be. She’d let herself become too attached. It appeared things were falling apart between her and Jared. Sara could scarcely breathe when she faced that fact.
Sara sat, gazing out her bedroom window. The night was black but for the light of the moon. Not a streetlight of any form or fashion in sight, just the dark, bleak desert. At night, the giant cactus stood like guardians over the barren land – casting evil shadows across the ground. Off in the distance, the only sounds heard were the cry of the wolves, coyotes, and the occasional howl of wind as it hit the side of the house.
------------
The bright Arizona sun woke Sara the next morning. She started to lift her head off the pillow. It felt like a herd of stampeding buffalo were running from one side to the other, bouncing off her skull. Sara wondered why she felt so miserable and empty, and then she remembered last night. What a living nightmare, nothing had gone right. Trying to drown her troubles didn’t solve anything. This morning proved that. Last night must have been the biggest fight she and Jared had since they’d met.
Sara thought back. God she’d said some nasty things to Jared, but then he said some to her. What could I have? Then as tears quickly filled her eyes, Sara remembered. She shuttered and squeezed her eyes shut as tears streamed down her cheeks. The argument resounded in her throbbing head.
‘You’re getting this all wrong Sara!’
‘Am I? I don’t think I am Jared! I’ve had just about all of your on-off-on love – if it can be called love – than I can handle. I’m tired of being set on fire and having to watch you walk away from me. At Wisteria Hall, you promised it wouldn’t be this way. I don’t need that shit Jared! You’ve obviously made love with Eve, but you won’t with me. Do I need to start wearing mini-skirts and showing my ass to create enough lust in you to make you do something? To take me seriously?’
‘No – I don’t want you to be like – I am taking you seriously. I love you Sara. I’ve promised to marry you, to spend my life with you.’
‘Like you did her Jared? Like your whore? I’ve had enough Jared. Take your secrets, your stupid stories and legends about perfect matches and shove them up your Navajo ass! I don’t love you anymore Jared. What you call love is just childish frustration. I’m asking Myra to take me to the airport tomorrow. I’m going home!’
‘Are you going back to Lucy’s?’
‘No Jared. I’m going home – home to Crooked Creek with my tail between my legs, because I’m not your perfect match, and I’m obviously not good enough!’
‘You know what Sara – fine – I think you’re right. I think you should go home. I think this whole thing was my stupid mistake. I’m sorry I crossed the road Sara! I’m sorry I bothered to love you. You obviously don’t want my love, and it’s probably better for you in the long run. But, you don’t need to ask Myra. Pack your things tonight. I’ll take you to the airport after breakfast. Call your mother. Tell her to pick you up at Shreveport.’
Sara ran her hands through her hair. “Oh my God why on Earth did I say that? How could I get mad enough to call off our engagement? Did I honestly tell him, I didn’t love him anymore? That I was going home, not to Shreveport, but to Crooked Creek? Why in the hell would I do that? I’d rather run the gauntlet than go home to Mother! Get drunk again stupid! It won’t matter. You’ve already destroyed your future.” Tears streamed down Sara’s face again.
She wanted to pull away. Boy did she do it last night. She not only pulled away, but she’d pushed Jared away so hard he’d stormed out of her room. No, wait, she’d thrown him out of her bedroom. Sara’s body racked with silent tears. She stood in front of the mirror, trying to brush her teeth, trying to stop crying, trying to convince herself that this was what she wanted - what Jared wanted. She felt awful, not just because of her pounding head and churning stomach, but for what she’d said and done to Jared. She’d been thoroughly vitriolic, and Jared had been searing. It was over between them now. It had to be! He would never forgive her. Why should he?
She looked in the mirror, talking to herself. “Well, you got what you wanted, didn’t you?” Didn’t she? This was what she wanted, wasn’t it? She’d tried to pull away slowly, but that hurt way too much. Sara guessed something must have snapped last night – in her and Jared. Maybe it was better this way. It hurt like hell, but it was over and done now; no more hiding her tears, no more pretending. If, she could just hold out until he took her to the airport. Until she was on the plane. Until she could get back to Shreveport, Sara could move back in with Lucy, while she decided what she wanted to do.
Sara narrowed her eyes at her reflection, contorting her face in masochistic anger. “No you idiot! This is not what you want! You want him! You want Jared!” 
Then do something about it now before it’s too late!
“What?” Sara whirled, scanning the room. “Who said that?”
Don’t be so naive Sara! Who do you think you’re kidding? Get off your sanctimonious ass and apologize to the man or regret it for the rest of your life!
Sara scanned the room again, scratching her head. She sighed, remembering the voice she’d heard when she left Shreveport, running from Jared. It was the same voice she’d just heard. Her subconscious mind. “You’re right! You’re absolutely right. I’ll do it!”
Convinced, Sara got dressed and did her hair. She took a deep breath and walked toward Jared’s bedroom. The door was closed. She knocked - no answer. “Jared, are you in there?” No answer. Slowly she turned the doorknob. “Jared, I need to talk to you.” She pushed the door back. His bed was made – it hadn’t been slept in. It didn’t look like he’d even been in his bedroom. 
Sara listened for the shower – nothing. Her newfound courage dissolved. “It’s already too late,” she cried as she sank on the foot of his bed, hugging his pillow in her arms. Silently, she willed Jared to be downstairs, but her gut said he wouldn’t be. Oh God! Is he truly gone? What if he’d had enough? Had he changed his mind and decided to go back to Shreveport without her? Something grabbed Sara, squeezing her chest. She started to cry again. She couldn’t do this. This wasn’t what she wanted. “Maybe Eve had made a mistake by leaving Jared.”
But now you’ve made the same mistake….
“No!” Sara wiped her eyes, composed herself and went downstairs.
------------
Tom was sitting in front of the large screen TV, watching a news program. He glanced at Sara as she passed through to the kitchen. Myra was sitting at the table, working on her essay for a late evening. 
“Where’s Jared?” Myra raised her eyebrows and shrugged. “Your Mom? Myra silently pointed toward the back yard with her pencil, engrossed in her studies. Sara stepped out of the air-conditioned house and felt the full force of the Arizona sun. It was hot – boy was it hot – and dry. It was so dry you could be near heat stroke and never know it. She walked to the back of the yard where Nadine was stooped over her prized roses, busily snipping the spent blossoms and the occasional brown leaf with her pruning shears. She stood as Sara approached her. 
“Hi, Sweetie, are you feeling better?”
“Not really… where’s Jared? It didn’t look as if he’d slept in his bed.”
“He didn’t Honey. He slept on the sofa in the lounge. He was still on it when I came down to make coffee.”
“Was he still upset?”
“I’m not sure Sara. Jared bottles things up a lot. It’s hard to read him. He’s my son, but that doesn’t mean I always understand everything he says and does.”
Sara laughed nervously. “It wasn’t hard to tell last night. He was furious with me. He’ll never forgive me.”
Nadine chuckled. “I doubt that, but I do think he was still upset.”
“Do you know where he went?”
She continued to tend her roses. “Riding, I think….”
“How long has he been gone?”
“All morning. He didn’t eat breakfast. I think he might be gone a while. He had packed some food and water in his backpack before he left. When I asked him how long he would be gone, he said, he’d come back when he felt like it. If he felt like it.”
Sara sighed. “Nada, it seems the closer we get the more we argue with each other. I’m not sure I’m what he needs.” She sighed again and pinched off a spent blossom.
Nadine causally turned back to her pruning. “What makes you think that?”
Sara was despondent. “I love Jared, and even though he says he loves me, I’m not sure if he feels as strongly as I do. I think I might be trying to make him love me, and he just doesn’t.”
“Ouch!” Nadine laughed. “You know, I love these roses. I prune them. I feed them. I water them and they bloom for me. Still, they have sharp teeth that snag me now and then,” she said, showing Sara the droplet of blood on her thumb. “Just because they bite once, doesn’t mean they don’t appreciate what I do for them.”
“Why not just pull off the thorns?”
Nadine turned to Sara. “Because… the thorns protect the tender stems from nasty bugs that would suck the life out of them. They don’t want to hurt me, they’re just protecting themselves, and I know that. I’ve seen some people rip these beautiful things to shreds because they pricked their finger on its thorn. It’s the same with love Sara. Anything, that’s worth anything, comes with trial and pain. The more the worth, the bigger the trial, the stronger the pain. Sara, I think you’re exactly what Jared needs. He knows that too, but he’s afraid of losing it.”
“Why, Nada?” Sara begged. “If you know why – please tell me?”
Nadine softly laughed again and moved to her next rosebush. “I can only offer you advice Sara. I can’t give you the solution. If you want answers to those questions, you’ll have to ask Jared.”
Sara was getting exasperated. Silent tears filled her eyes. “But he won’t tell me, Nada. I’ve tried! After last night, he’ll probably never speak to me again! Nobody will tell me, and it’s driving me insane!”
“Jared will tell you Sara. He’s like the wolf spirit in him - you just have to corner him. He’s afraid, and as long as he can run, he’ll run. Get him in a situation where he can’t run anymore and he’ll tell you, trust me.”
“How do I do that?”
“He’s out there now. Go to him. Talk to him. Ask him. He’ll either tell you or leave you out there by yourself. I don’t think he would ever do anything to put you in harm’s way.”
“But, Nada I don’t even know which way he went. Where he is?” Sara wasn’t being entirely truthful. She had an idea, and she didn’t like it. Oh God, please, don’t let him be where I think he is. I’m as good as dead!
Nadine looked at Sara and smiled. “Yes you do. Listen to your inner self. It’s where you’re both still connected. You always have been. Jared will never be able to run from that. Listen to your heart, and I’ll bet it will lead you straight to him.”
“You really think I should go out there, and try to talk to him?”
“Yes, but do it right. Take plenty of water with you. Wear a hat to keep the sun off your head. Take a map and compass, and your cell phone, in case you need help. Jared knows this place like the back of his hand. You might need a little help. Come on,” she said, walking toward the kitchen. 
Nadine opened a drawer in the kitchen cabinet and pulled out a battered looking leather bag. The type used for making moccasins. Fringe hung from the bottom, and burned in the surface, was a wolf baying at the moon - a white wolf.
Sara rubbed her fingers over the wolf. “Who’s was this Nada?”
Nadine smiled and studied Sara’s eyes. “It was Jared’s. His grandmother made it for him when his grandfather helped Jared find his Spirit Guide,” she said, glancing at the wolf on the front, then back at Sara.
Nadine took some cereal bars from the cabinet and put them in a backpack. She also stuffed some pieces of beef jerky and a packet of trail mix in there too. Then she filled a large canteen with cold water from the refrigerator and handed it to Sara. “Now you’re prepared,” she grinned, pulling a chair out. “Sit here and wait while I go talk to Myra. She’ll take you out to the barn.”
Sara sat there for a few minutes, fidgeting. If she were going to do this, she wanted to get started. She got up and walked toward the living room until she heard Myra and Nadine having a heated discussion on the stairs.
------------
“I know Myra, but it’s not Sara’s fault, and it’s not for us to decide! The future is a spider’s web Myra. With every broken thread, the whole design of the web changes and we can’t control that!”
“No, I know it’s not Sara’s fault, and I know we can’t control the future. This is my stupid, pig-headed brother’s fault. Why doesn’t he just tell her what he knows?”
“It’s not for us to say. Today the sky may be clear. Tomorrow, it might be covered with clouds. Based on day-to-day actions, the future changes Myra.”
“If you ask me, Jared already screwed up. He changed the future, and now nothing will turn out the way it was supposed to. He has to fix it, Mother!”
“Myra, settle! Your brother and Sara are capable of deciding their own futures without our interference. Whatever future they have is based on the decisions they make. We can’t steer them in the right direction for our own personal gain, and you know that. Now leave it. I don’t want to see them break up, but we have to let them work through it. Your brother is not stupid, Myra. He loves Sara, more than I’ve ever seen him love anyone – even me. I’m sure he’ll do the right thing in the end. We just have to be patient and let this thing play out.”
“But that’s just it! It already has. The future has been altered already because my brother is a coward. He won’t admit his mistakes! He runs from them!”
“Yes, he runs, but your brother is not a coward Myra. He knows what could happen, and he can’t come to grips with losing her – even under those circumstances. We just have to trust his judgment. If it’s meant to be – it will be, no matter what path is taken, the future is waiting at the end. It may not be the one we want, but that’s something we can’t control. One wrong word – one wrong move, that’s all it takes. Now I want you to take her out there. Don’t ask her any questions, and don’t offer her any advice unless she asks for it. If she decides to go after him, let her. Don’t say something you know you’ll regret – understood.”
“Yes, mother!” Myra stormed down the stairs.
------------
Sara cleared her throat and coughed so they would think she’d just walked out of the kitchen.
“Come on, Sara, I’ll take you to the barn.” Myra walked out the door without waiting on Sara.
 Sara hugged Nadine. “Thank you.”
Nadine smiled and watched them leave. A tear slid down her cheek.
Myra followed Nadine’s instructions to the letter. She barely said half a dozen words to Sara on the short trip. She pulled up to the barn, helped her saddle Jade and got back in her car. “Be careful, Sara and good luck. I hope he listens to you,” she said, then sped down the road in a cloud of rusty dust. 
Sara mounted Jade, and sat there for a while, thinking about Nadine and Myra’s conversation. 
‘Whatever future they have is based on the decisions they make. We can’t steer them in the right direction for our own personal gain, and you know that.’
What did Nadine and Myra know about Jared and Sara’s future? Did they have a future? 
‘One wrong word – one wrong move, that’s all it takes.’
Was Jared’s future with Eve despite what he said and believed? Was that what needed to play out that Jared was so afraid of? Then Sara thought about what Jared had said to her last night in their moment of passion.
‘Sara, we have to stop now! I won’t do this. I won’t risk having a baby with you.’
“That has to be it,” Sara mused. “Even the book was trying to tell me. Oh I’ve been so foolish.”
Regardless of what their future might hold Sara was determined to get answers – starting today! She took out the map and compass, and started plotting her path into the desert. She wasn’t sure she could do this, but she knew she had to try. Things couldn’t go on like this, and despite what she’d decided, she wasn’t ready to call it quits. She still wanted to spend her life with Jared. That part had never changed. It would never change! Book or no book. Destiny or chance, Sara was going to be sure this was what Jared wanted.
 Sara leaned over and patted Jade’s neck and gave her a gentle nudge in the flank. Jade trotted ahead with Angelstar galloping alongside them. Using landmarks as points of reference, and checking her position on the map from time to time, Sara headed in the general direction Jared had taken her. 
------------
After a while, Sara decided she was hopeless at this. She would never have been a good tracker. Who was I kidding? Sara would never find him. She’d been going around in circles. Everything looked the same to her. Sara wasn’t lost, but she couldn’t find that damn line of cactus she remembered seeing, before they got to the bottom of the mountain.
“I’m going to get lost and dry up like the ground beneath my feet,” Sara mused. “Maybe Jared can find some peace when I’m gone. Maybe then he can find his ‘real’ dream girl.” 
Sara leaned down on Jade’s neck, closed her eyes and cried. Nadine’s words echoed through her mind. ‘Listen to your heart and it will lead you straight to him.’ 
“Ok Nada, what have I got to lose?” She dried her eyes, cleared her mind, and pointed Jade in the way she felt compelled to go. She opened her eyes and aimed Jade west, further into the desert. “Now I know I’m crazy. That has to be it! The desert sun has fried my brain. I’ve lost all sense of reason.” Sara nudged Jade and treaded onward.
Half an hour later, Sara was just about ready to give up. Desperate tears streamed down Sara’s cheeks. She leaned over on Jade’s neck again. “You’re wrong about me Jared. Everyone else might have a Spirit Guide, but I don’t. Even Garfield would be nice now. All that’s going to be remembered about Sara Foster is that she dried up in the Arizona Desert.”
Sara wasn’t even sure if she could find her way back, but she didn’t really care. She was getting ready to aim Jade toward home when she saw them. Dead ahead of her, standing like green giants were the row of cactus she’d been looking for. She even remembered what Jared had called them. 
Sara gave Jade a gentle nudge, and she started a slow gallop. Little Angelstar was in full gallop trying to keep up. 
Sara found the mountain and at the foot of it was Satan, Jared’s horse, tied to the same bush he’d used the last time. Nadine was right. Her heart had led her to him.
Sara tied Jade and gave all three of the horses a drink in her hand from her canteen. She then swung what was left over her shoulder, stuffed the map and compass in Jade’s saddlebag, and headed up the mountain, following the same path as near as she could remember. Her progress wasn’t quite as fast this time. Without Jared there to help her, Sara wasn’t that confident. She felt empty without him. She didn’t like that feeling, it frightened her. Sara pushed everything aside and concentrated on her path and footing. As it was, that was hard enough, in itself. This was the first time she’d braved the heights alone.
------------
Three times Sara had rested and took a drink from her canteen, before she reached the familiar ledge, her Achilles heel. The overhang of stone where she would have to jump up. Sara stretched as far as she could reach. Even, on her tiptoes, she could just barely feel the top with the tips of her fingers. “Well that isn’t going to work. Now what?” Sara tried jumping and almost fell off the ledge. Her foot slipped on the loose rock fragments. Her heart jumped in her throat, and she started hyperventilating. Out of sheer desperation, Sara started to cry. She wiped the tears with the back of her hand, creating streaks of mud down her cheeks.
Sara slumped to her knees, folding her feet under her. She’d failed. The only thing left for her to do was to call out and hope Jared heard her – if he were even up there. Jared might have gone further up the mountain or went up a different path. If he’d done that, he could easily come back down and never see her. When he got to the bottom, he would see Jade and Angelstar beside Satan, and be infuriated with her for bringing the horses out in the noonday sun, with as little water as she had. Who was she kidding? Jared was already furious with her. Maybe he’d have mercy on her, and toss her off the mountain. It would save both of them a lot of trouble. 
Using the last shred of common sense she had left, Sara turned to retrace her steps back down the mountain. In her haste to get to Jared, she hadn’t been paying attention to her surroundings. If she had been, she would have known that she wasn’t on the ledge alone. On the other end, barring her way back down the mountain, she had company – the worst kind – a pissed off rattlesnake. Sara could almost hear fate laughing at her. She couldn’t go up, and now, she couldn’t go back. Unless the rattlesnake magically appeared out of thin air, he must have been asleep when Sara stepped over him. Having been disturbed by a crazy human, the rattlesnake wasn’t at all happy, sharing his personal space with Sara. 
Sara had gotten herself into a fine fix this time for sure. Keeping one eye on the rattlesnake, she carefully unlocked her cell in hopes she could call someone – no signal. Cautiously, she walked the few paces the scope of the ledge would allow her to – still no signal. She locked it and shoved it deep in her pocket, so it wouldn’t fall out. She looked at the wall of stone in front of her; warily searching for a possible hole or crevice. Anything, she could put her hand or foot in to boost her up, since it was obvious she couldn’t go back. There wasn’t any. She sighed deeply, and silent tears came. This time, she didn’t even bother to wipe them off. It didn’t matter now anyway. 
Sara focused her ears, listening for any sign that Jared was up there. On the rare occasion, when the wind blew over the ledge, she thought she could hear a faint sound, like someone chanting. She sighed. Relieved that he or at least someone was up there. Now all she had to do was get up enough courage to call for help. That wouldn’t be easy either, Sara was embarrassed. She should have known better than to try something like this on her own. What was she thinking? That was just it. She wasn’t, any more than she had been when she ran from Jared. Nadine was right. Sara had listened to her heart, and it had led her to him, or at least Sara made herself believe it had. The person chanting might be a stranger and may not appreciate Sara invading his personal meditation. Whatever, Sara was getting what she deserved.
Out of pure reflex, Sara started screaming. She forgot all about her problem with Jared. “Jared! If you’re up there, please help me!”
Sara heard a voice above her. “Sara! What in the name of all that’s good, are you doing down there on that ledge?” Jared’s voice was harsh. 
Sara was right – he was angry. She started crying again. “Trying to find you,” she replied, feeling like a little kid being rebuked by her Mother. It wasn’t her mother that was rebuking her. It was the man she was in love with. She was about to be bitten by a rattlesnake. She would probably die, and Jared was yelling at her. What a fitting end for such a failure.
“I thought you said all you needed to say last night. You said it was over. You said you didn’t love me anymore. You threw me out of my - your bedroom. Sara, why have you followed me out here? Whose idea was this? Myra’s? Who told you where I’d be, Mother?”
“No! She didn’t know where you were. She told me to follow my heart, and it would lead me to you. Now I’m not sure coming out here was a good idea. In fact, if this snake doesn’t kill me first, maybe I should just step off the ledge. I’m sure that would work,” Sara said, moving closer to the edge.
“Stop!” Jared’s voice was an animalistic infuriated guttural growl. “Don’t you dare Sara!” 
“What difference does it make? I’m not supposed to be in your future anyway Jared.”
Jared’s eyes started changing to a deep glowing crimson. Even in the bright sun, it was easy to see. His voice changed from anger to fear. “Don’t move, Sara! Don’t even breathe. I’ll be right back. Don’t move, just hold still and don’t provoke it.”
Sara responded in an exceptionally soft voice. “I wouldn’t dream of pissing it off any more than it already is.” Even at that low volume, Sara’s voice set off another volley of rattles from her reptilian roommate. Sara closed her eyes and held her breath. There was a loud bang, and Sara was covered with a shower of rock fragments and dust. She screamed again. The snake went spiraling down the mountain. 
When she first looked up, she thought she was in her dream. Jared was wearing nothing but a leather loincloth tied around his waist, that didn’t hide a lot. His chest was bare, and his face and torso were covered with paint. Sara felt faint. She closed her eyes and took a couple of deep breaths. 
“Give me your hands, Sara, so I can pull you up!” Without hesitation, Sara reached out. Jared lifted her up so fast her head spun. The next thing she knew, Jared was pulling her into his arms, leading her a few paces from the edge of the rock. He took her backpack off and flung it towards his camp. The instant Sara was out of danger, her adrenaline rush left and her legs folded. Jared lifted her into his arms and carried her over to his camp. There was a blanket on the ground, next to the fire where he’d apparently been sitting. 
Jared wet a cloth with water from his canteen, wiped Sara’s face, and then laid it on her forehead. Sara’s head was still spinning when she opened her eyes and sat up. She gasped in fright. “Easy, it’s me, Sara. Are you all right? It didn’t bite you did it?” he asked, anxiously examining her arms and legs.
Sara’s voice was unsteady. “No….”
Jared smiled relieved. “What were you thinking Sara? You could have been killed!” His voice was raised again.
Sara started to cry again. “Maybe I would have been better off. Please don’t stop loving me. I’m sorry. I was wrong. I didn’t mean what I said.”
Jared raised an eyebrow at her and tilted his head. “None of it?”
“No.”
“Then tell me why, for the last few days you’ve been pulling away from me.”
“I thought it was what you wanted. Please don’t be mad at me. I was drunk. It wasn’t me talking.”
Jared half laughed, and gathered her in his arms. “I’m not mad at you. I’m relieved you’re not hurt. And I’m surprised that you could think I would ever stop loving you?”
“Well, the way you left my room….”
Jared scoffed. “I wasn’t mad at you Sara. I was mad at myself, and hurt because you didn’t think you were good enough for me. And everything you said… about not wanting to push me… and backing away from me. I had to get some answers.”
Sara tucked her head against his chest. “Jared, I’m not good enough for you!” 
Jared lifted her chin and stared into her eyes. “Listen you stubborn little idiot,” he said playfully, smiling at her. “You are good enough for me!” he said slowly, enunciating each word.
“No I’m not,” Sara said trying to hide her face again. Jared wouldn’t let her.
“You are! And, I’ll prove it to you,” he said, covering her mouth with his. His kiss was so demanding it practically sucked the breath from Sara’s lungs. His hands were all over her - touching her, caressing her. He kissed Sara repeatedly, each one deeper, longer, and filled with more passion than his last. 
Jared dropped to his knees, pulling her with him and embraced her. He pulled Sara tight against him and kissed her again. He started taking her clothes off with practiced ease – as if they’d been this far before. 
Sara was dazed with need, burning with desire. It didn’t matter what he did to her now. She was putty in his hands. She forgot about everything but her and Jared. The whole world disappeared.
Jared finished undressing her. Easing her back on the blanket, Jared laid beside her, pulling her against his all but naked body. Sara groaned and moaned with anticipated release. Jared showered her with kisses and caresses all over her body until her heart was pounding so fast, and her breath was so shallow, she thought she was dying. If this is death, lead the way.
He untied his loincloth in one firm tug. “Maybe now you’ll believe me when I say you’re good enough. He studied Sara’s eyes, and then he kissed her long, hard and deep as he rolled on top of her. 
Sara could feel him against her. His body throbbing and aching for her as much as she ached for him. “Ayor anosh'ni Sara. Ayor anosh'ni” he whispered, lowering himself until he felt her hot moistness, closing around him. Gently, he eased his hips forward, pressing deeper until he felt resistance, the end of Sara’s innocence. He closed his eyes and pushed harder. Sara felt a sharp, stabbing pain for a few seconds. Jared kissed her, whispering and cooing encouragement as he gently took her offering. He lay still for a while, kissing her and whispering how much he loved her. 
Pain turned to pleasure as he moved his hips against hers. His movements slow at first, then faster, thrusting deeper. “Oh God, Jared!” she cried out as a stream of pure ecstasy started building in the pit of her stomach. 
“Let go, Sara. Don’t fight it. Let it happen,” he whispered in her ear, moving his hips faster, pushing her to the edge of her climax as excitement and urgency grew between them. Suddenly, it felt like pure, raw electricity shot through every nerve in Sara’s body. She dug her fingers in his back, desperately trying to pull him closer and deeper inside her. 
Jared let out a loud groan, and then lay still, trembling on top of her, and jerking inside her, filling her with his warmth. His heart was pounding as fast and loud as Sara’s. Riding a wave of lover’s reward, they both collapsed in each other’s arms, hot, sweaty, spent and sated.
------------
After a while, Jared rose on one elbow and looked down at Sara. “Now do you believe me,” he whispered and covered her mouth with his again. A slow, deep, lingering passionate kiss. “Now do you believe I love you and that you’re everything I ever wanted, ever needed?” 
All Sara could do was nod. She didn’t want to move. She wanted to stay like this forever, lost in the afterglow of their love. There were no doubts - Jared did love her, and Sara was hopelessly in love with him. This is how it was meant to be. Two lovers tangled together like a pair of clinging vines.
Jared rolled over on his back and Sara settled next to him, laying her head on his chest. Thank goodness, the sun had gone behind the mountain, or they both might have had the worst case of sunburn in their lives. Well, at least Sara would have. Jared was probably protected by his bronze skin.
------------

Sara didn’t know what time it was when they woke up, but the sky was turning dark. Jared looked at her and snickered. “You know, you don’t look half bad, smeared with war paint.”
Sara looked down. He was right. Her body was covered with colorful war paint mingled with mud. “Oh my God!” she gasped. 
Jared laughed. “You look beautiful Sara.”
Sara started laughing too. “I guess you haven’t looked in a mirror at yourself, have you?”
Jared looked down and laughed louder. His body looked like a twisted, smeared rainbow. “Hmm,” he said.
Sara’s eyes widened. “What are we going to do? We can’t put our clothes back on like this!”
“We don’t have a choice, I’m afraid.”
“But if we go back, looking like – and they see us, they’ll.…”
“…Not say a word,” Jared finished. “Sara, my people don’t look at extramarital sex like you do. Our wedding ceremonies are so brief; you probably wouldn’t think you had been in one. My parents and my sister won’t say anything,” he said, pulling her multicolored, naked body next to his and kissing her.
Sara was hesitant. “Are you sure?”
“Trust me,” he said and kissed her again. “Besides, if you don’t get your clothes on and fast, we might have to make a repeat performance, and then we’ll really be getting home late. I didn’t bring a tent out here. Even as well as I know this mountain, I still don’t want to try and climb down it in the dark.”
Sara smiled, remembering the sleeping bags and pillows Nadine had packed for her. She wasn’t expecting them to come back tonight. Jared eyed Sara suspiciously, unable to keep himself from smiling too. “What is it – what are you smiling about?”
Sara tucked her head shyly. “We don’t have to leave….” 
 “Oh, are you suggesting you want to brave the desert night, with nothing, but the heat of my body to keep you warm?”
“I’m sure we wouldn’t get cold, but your Mother had put two sleeping bags in my backpack before I left.”
He threw his head back and sighed, knowingly. “I should have guessed. Did she put you up to this? Not that I’m complaining… but…?”
“No! I wanted to come; Nada just convinced me I was making the right decision.”
Jared pulled Sara into his arms and kissed her again. “As much as I’d love that idea - I think I’d rather get it right the next time.”
Sara blinked in disbelief. Get it right? If what he just did with her had been wrong, if he ever got it right, she would die. Sara had never felt such pain, pleasure and ecstasy. “That was wrong?” she questioned him dubiously.
Jared grinned. “The ground was a little hard. I didn’t want to… hurt you. Besides,” he said, sitting up. “Don’t you want to wash off that paint and mud?”
“Yeah, I guess so,” Sara sighed and pulled away from him, gathering her clothes and putting them on. He was right. 
Jared dressed, packed everything in the backpacks, and they made their way down the mountain. As they approached, the horses neighed nervously. They were glad to see them. It was probably the howling coyotes putting them on edge, and they were getting thirsty too. They drank what was left of Sara’s canteen, and half of Jared’s.
Jared tied Jade to his horse, mounted Satan and held out his hand for Sara. She settled behind him, wrapping her arms around his waist, and resting her multicolored head against his shoulder. Jared turned, and kissed Sara passionately before clicking his teeth. The horse started trotting. In a hurry to get out of the desert before dark, Jared nudged Satan in the flank, and he took off in full gallop. 

Chapter 17
Sara had hoped when she and Jared got back to the ranch, that everyone would be somewhere else, apart from where they were. Instead of going ahead and eating, they were all three sitting in the lounge, waiting. 
Jared was right about one thing. None of them said a word. Sara tried unconvincingly to hide her embarrassment. It wasn’t easy. Her face was covered with smeared war paint and caked mud, apart from the small amount Jared had wiped off her when he found her.
Sara could hear the pent laughter in Myra’s voice as she stated the obvious. She quickly brought her hand to her mouth. “I guess you found him….” 
Sara glanced at Jared and swallowed hard. “Yeah, I did.” She wondered if they could see her natural skin color from the paint. She doubted it. 
Jared glowered at Myra. “Was it your idea to send her out there after me?”
Myra held up her hands. “Hang on big brother. I did nothing more than I’d been told. I took her to the barn – not guilty of anything else.”
Jared turned on Nadine; locking his eyes with hers, dark, and full of accusation. Pulling his brows tightly together, he leaned toward her, speaking in a low rumble, making her name a question, “Mother?”
Tom stood, glaring at Jared; muscles coiled and ready to pounce. Jared! Don’t Son!
Jared flicked his glare from Nadine to Tom, and back to Nadine. She swallowed hard and faked a smile. 
“Yes, but it was the right thing to do.”
Jared tightened his jaw. “Right thing to do?” he ground through his teeth, his control barely at bay. The right thing to do, he silently mocked. Nearly got Sara killed!
Sara’s eyes glanced from Tom, to Nadine’s to Jared’s. She’d seen that look in Jared’s eyes before, at the hospital. Her heart started racing, she drew in a quick breath and lightly touched Jared’s arm. “Jared, it’s all right,” she whispered, hoping her soft voice would calm him.
Jared relaxed his muscles and took a deep, calming breath. He glanced at Sara remorsefully. Sorry Dad. I guess I’ve got more than my eyes to get under control.
Tom relaxed his muscles and sat back in his chair, but kept his eyes fixed on Jared and Nadine. Still clearly on his guard. You’ll learn. It takes time. I know it’s your protective side, but you have to learn to suppress the wolf’s spirit. It’s not always a blessing. You’re frightening Sara. Keep this vocal until you’ve explained everything to your mate. Mark my words. Do not threaten your mother or your sister again! Control Jared – control.
Sara heaved an inward sigh of relief. Nadine gasped. “What happened?”
“She was nearly bitten by a rattlesnake. If I hadn’t been there, she might have gone over the ledge. Mother, just because something feels right, doesn’t always mean you should do it!” Jared’s voice was stressed again, but this time he was in control.
 Nadine’s voice was full of remorse. “I’m so sorry, Sara. Are you all right?”
Sara frowned at Jared. “I’m fine! Jared shot the snake just as, it was getting ready to – um - strike.”
Nadine’s mouth gaped. “You must have been scared out of your wits.”
“She was white as a sheet when I pulled her to safety.”
Sara headed for the stairs. “Well, if you’ll excuse me, I want to take a shower and change.” Sara could swear she heard Myra snickering under her breath.
“I think I’ll join you,” Jared said, following Sara up the stairs. Yes, there was marked amusement in the atmosphere.
------------
Sara cornered Jared at the top of the stairs, next to her bedroom. She studied his eyes for a few seconds, desperately wanting to ask what had happened between him and his father, but sensing from the dark clouds swirling in Jared’s eyes, that maybe she shouldn’t. Perhaps another time… She nibbled her lower lip, narrowing her eyes at him, pushing her doubts aside. She pressed her lips together. “They were laughing.” She kissed him. “You said they wouldn’t laugh.” 
Jared sighed inwardly. Clearly, Sara may not be able to hear his thoughts, which mildly bothered Jared, but she was learning how to read his actions. Sara had sensed whatever happened downstairs was something he wasn’t going to tell her – yet. He admired her for that. 
Following Sara’s lead, Jared laughed. “No. I said they wouldn’t say anything. I never said they wouldn’t laugh. I mean, honestly, Sara, what did you expect? We both come home, covered in war paint and mud. It doesn’t take a rocket scientist to figure out what we’ve been doing.” He gave her a gentle shove in the direction of the bathroom. “Go get the water started. I need to get some clothes from my bedroom.” He kissed her and disappeared.
Sara went inside, feeling a little apprehensive. When he said, he would join her; did he mean join her in the literal sense? Or did he mean he would shower after her? Sara shook her head, and tried not to give it much thought as she adjusted the water temperature. Her question was answered when Jared entered the room wearing nothing but his terrycloth bathrobe. He untied it, letting it slide to the floor in one swift motion. 
Sara flicked her eyes away and back, unable to ignore the reaction she had on his body, she bit her lip. Despite wanting him again, and the fact, that they’d made love on Mother’s Mountain, Sara’s butterflies were back. Before, when he’d made love to her, it had been an unplanned event. This was cold calculated seduction in action here, and Sara felt trapped. 
Jared locked his eyes on hers as he slowly strolled up to her utterly unashamed. Keeping his eyes locked on hers, he slowly untied her robe, easing it off her shoulders and letting it puddle at her feet. She instinctively draped her hands over her front. Jared cradled her face in his hands. Leaning his face closer, he lightly brushed his lips with hers, teasing her. “Oh come on – you’re not gonna go shy on me now, are you?” his voice was low and sultry.  Sara’s breath caught. “Not after that little Louisiana wildcat I was playing with earlier this evening.” Sara blushed bright red. Jared grinned. He held Sara’s hand as she stepped in the shower, and then stepped in behind her.
------------
When Jared and Sara went downstairs, there was no one in the lounge. Jared called out for his Mother. “In here,” she called back. Jared led Sara in the kitchen. Everyone was sitting around the table, eating. Sara blushed again, realizing the shower must have taken longer than they expected. 
“We got tired of waiting on you, and your Father was starving,” Nadine said. “Sit down and eat before it gets any colder.”
Jared held the chair out for Sara and then sat in a chair next to her. He picked up his plate, and started piling the food on it, apparently ravenous. “Well, go on, get something to eat.”
Myra snickered. “I’m sure you must be hungry after all that, bathing….”
Jared turned his dark eyes on her, and she sank back in her chair. 
Nadine shook her head. “Myra!”
Myra tucked her head and concentrated on her food. “Sorry….”
Without hesitation, Jared tucked into his food while Sara picked around, and prepared her plate. Most of the dishes were familiar apart from a couple. Sara took a small serving of each, hoping it wasn’t lizard, or the thing Jared shot off the ledge. The two mystery dishes weren’t unpleasant, but were a little spicier than she’d been used to. 
Jared glanced at Sara. “Mother, can you put your finger on Grandmother’s ring?”
Nadine grinned. “Sure, did you want me to get it for you?”
“Yes, I would. I’ve found a place for it.”
Nadine came back and handed the ring to Jared. “Are you going to add it to your Navajo room?”
Jared picked up Sara’s hand and slid the ring on her finger. “I could, but I think it looks better here.” He lifted Sara’s hand to his lips and kissed it. “I asked Sara to marry me, and she said yes.”
Nadine’s mouth gaped for a few seconds before she broke into a smile. “I don’t guess there’s any reason to ask you if you’re sure about this….”
Jared chuckled. “Hardly.”
“Welcome to the Clan – I mean family, Sara.”
Jared cut a warning glance at Myra.
Did she have to mention the ‘Clan’? Sara had all but forgotten the incident with the book. Now familiar doubts started to trickle in again. Sara groaned inwardly and put on her perfect fake smile. “Thanks.”
Tom shook Jared’s hand. “Congratulations, Son.”
“Thanks, Dad.”
Tom hugged Sara and kissed her cheek. “Looks like I’ve got two daughters now.”
------------
The rest of the meal was spent talking about wedding plans. Well, Myra, Nadine and Jared did. Sara couldn’t help thinking about how Kaye was going to react. She wasn’t that sure about Lucy either. Sara had been looking forward to a traditional Navajo wedding ceremony. With the amount of friction that would be created at their wedding, it would be better for it to be over with as soon as possible. Since there was no rush on the actual date, and Sara already lived with Jared, she didn’t see the necessity of causing her dad any more grief. Sara knew once Kaye found out, she would make life miserable for James. Sara believed her dad would be as happy for her as Jared’s parents had been, but she couldn’t be sure. Being an only child didn’t make life easy for her. 
“Dad, I was hoping you and I might take a walk after dinner. There’s something I’d like to talk to you about.” All eyes and attention turned in their direction.
“Sure,” Tom replied. “It’s been a long time since you and I talked. I’d enjoy that. Besides,” Tom laughed, “It will give the hens a chance to cackle on their own.”
Myra stood and put her plate in the dishwasher. “Well, Mom and Sara can cackle all they want to. I’ve got some studying to do.”
Jared glanced up. “Exam tomorrow?”
“No, but professor Wright likes to give pop quizzes when the feeling hits him. It’s always good to be prepared. I’ll say good night now.” She hugged Jared and kissed her parents. “Good night, Sara. Sleep tight, and watch out for rattlesnakes and Indian braves, especially my big brother.” She snickered as she left the room.
Tom chuckled. “Sara, you’ll have to excuse Myra. You’re the first serious girlfriend Jared has had for years. She’s enjoying teasing you both. She doesn’t mean anything by it.”
Sara grinned. “She’s not bothering me.”
Sara finished her meal quickly, and got up to help Nadine clear the rest of the table. Jared and Tom sat, and talked a while longer until Tom stood. He walked to the sink and washed his hands. He left the room and came back, carrying a long, thin leather pouch with fringe hanging from it, and a woven blanket. “I guess we’ll go for that walk now, if you’re ready Jared.”
Jared rose from his seat, kissed his mother first then kissed Sara. “I’ll miss you,” he said, softly brushing Sara’s face with the back of his fingers.
“Me too – have fun.” Sara watched them as they left. She waited until they had gotten halfway down the back yard before turning to Nadine. “Nada, can I ask you a question?”
“Of course you can, Sara. What is it?”
“I don’t want to sound stupid or cynical, but, was that a peace pipe Tom was carrying?”
Nadine softly laughed. “Yes it was.”
“But I thought tobacco.…”
“Old habits die hard, Sara. Tom is still set to some of the older traditions of our people.”
Sara desperately wanted to ask Nadine exactly who she was referring to when she said ‘our people’. Was she referring to the Navajo as Sara had been told by every member of the Thunderclouds, including Jared? Or was she referring to that strange name in George Thundercloud’s book - Dine'é Kay-Yah. Finally, she sighed and kept the conversation noncontroversial. “Well, what does he put in the pipe, and is Jared going to smoke it with him?”
Nadine laughed again. “Sara, neither of them will actually smoke it. It’s just a symbol now. Even we know smoking is bad for our health, and have adapted our ceremonies around that truth. Besides, Jared would never let Tom put his life in danger. Nor would Tom put Jared’s life in danger. Jared is not only important to him as a son, but as a successor too. It will be up to Jared to pass on the bloodline,” she said, a smile playing at the corner of her mouth as she glanced at Sara.
“There’s something else I wanted to ask you,” Sara said. Nadine turned, giving Sara her full attention. 
“Jared told me about how his grandfather, supposedly disgraced the family by having his book published.”
“Theoretically, yes, but Tom’s father had tried to get the publisher to cancel it, and have his name removed from the publication. The book had already been printed and sent to the marketing department. Because George had signed a contract with them, he couldn’t force them to withdraw the book without a legitimate reason – as they put it. The reason that he gave them wasn’t legitimate, in their eyes.”
“He also told me his grandfather’s brother had something to do with Tom not being able to take his place as head of the Council. Jared said your family were black balled. Was there any other reason, Jared’s great uncle would have wanted to get even with George?”
“Oh yes. Seth – that’s who you’re referring to - wanted Mikah, Jared’s grandmother on Tom’s side. George and Seth both wanted Mikah, but for different reasons. George wanted Mikah because he loved her, and she was his perfect match. Seth convinced Mikah he loved her as much as George did while keeping his real intent hidden. Mikah had feelings for Seth, and because of this, it caused her a great deal of confusion.”
“But you said Mikah was George’s perfect match. How could she have feelings for Seth too? I thought once you’d met your perfect match, that was it. At least, that’s what Jared told me.”
Nadine smiled. “Sara, not both people of a perfect match, realizes that’s what they are at the same time. Sometimes they go through life, and never find each other. Sometimes, even when they do, something goes wrong. Even when you’ve met with your perfect match in the land of dreams, there’s no assurance you’ll be together in the waking world, or even meet for that fact.”
Sara’s next question was a do or die situation. She approached the subject with caution. “Nada, when we first met, at the hospital, you told me there was one way to find out if I were Jared’s perfect match.”
Nadine stood and turned away from Sara. Her voice was full of dread. “Yes Sara, there is. But I can’t tell you now….”
“But you said at the hospital that you would tell me later.”
“That was before George died. Now that he’s dead, the birthright has passed to Tom, and when he’s gone, it will pass to Jared. Before, I could have told you. If I told you now, Jared would know. Another thing, to keep peace between you and Jared, and between Tom and Jared, I must ask you not to repeat what we’ve talked about.”
Obviously, whether I like it or not, I may have to consider reading more of that book. Sara sighed in exasperation. “Ok, fine. Can we just finish our conversation? Or can’t you tell me about that now?” Sara was getting agitated.
Nadine laid her hand on Sara’s. “Of course I can tell you Sara. I don’t want you to be mad at me, but some things are kept from us for our own good. I’ll tell you the rest of the story if you still want to hear it?”
Sara studied Nadine’s eyes. Finally, she smiled. “Yes, Nada – Mom – please, tell me the rest of the story.”
Nadine smiled and breathed a sigh of relief. “As I was saying. George knew Mikah had feelings for Seth, and because this would create friction between George and his brother, he told Mikah to make a choice. George told her and Seth, no matter who Mikah chose, there would be no hard feelings between them. Seth was not as noble. Mikah chose George because she loved him most. I don’t think Seth ever forgave George for that.”
“Has Tom mentioned anything to you about trying to reclaim his right to sit as head of the Council?”
“As a matter of fact, he has. Seth has not always made the right choices. He’s done everything to try and keep our family out of the Council altogether. What are you getting at, Sara?”
“Jared said Mikah suddenly took ill, and died before they could diagnose her condition or treat her. He said they didn’t know exactly what was wrong with her, only that she was suffering from some kind of respiratory disease.”
Nadine’s interest had been piqued. “Yes, that’s right….”
“You do know they’ve got new methods for determining the cause of death. Jared knows somebody in Shreveport who he believes could help. He works at a place call D’Netics, but Jared has heard rumors that there’s a firm in the UK that’s very interested in obtaining his research. Have you ever considered having Mikah exhumed and tested for possible foul play? I mean, would Seth be so dead-set on revenge, that he would hurt Mikah to get even with George?”
Nadine’s eyes widen with recognition. “Yes, I believe he would have. But Sara… Mikah’s body was burned. There’s nothing to exhume.”
Sara sighed. “That could pose a problem, but I still don’t think it could hurt to look into it. You said Seth wanted Mikah for the wrong reasons. If he didn’t love Mikah, why did he want her so badly? Simply because he was competing with his brother?”
“Not entirely.  You see, Mikah’s father held a high position on the Council. He had a lot of pull as far as decisions were concerned. George knew this, but he didn’t care. He was hopelessly devoted to Mikah and only had her best interests at heart. Seth, on the other hand, wanted Mikah for her inheritance and possessions. If it hadn’t been for George’s book, when Mikah’s father passed, George would have had what Seth has, and would have been head of the Council. Seth convinced the rest of the Council to remove George’s privileges, and the rest is history.”
“If Jared could get his friend to help, and there was a possible way of determining how Mikah died, would Tom consider…?”
Nadine laughed. “I doubt it, Sara. Tom would see it as disgracing his mother’s memory, as would everyone.”
“I understand that, Nada,” Sara pressed. “But if we could prove Seth was responsible for Mikah’s death, that would automatically put Tom as head of the Clan, where he should be – wouldn’t it?”
“Clan?”
“Oh – I mean Council.”
Nadine raised an eyebrow. “Yes, but I doubt he would go for it. Besides, Mikah’s been dead for a long time, over ten years now.”
That’s so unfair, Sara thought. 
George Thundercloud had been carrying this guilt for ten years. Everyone in the Council believed he was responsible for his wife’s death because he had the book published. If, Seth did have something to do with Mikah’s death that would mean there was a strong chance that it wasn’t George’s fault. Sara never believed it was George’s fault anyway. Even if, Seth didn’t kill Mikah, it still didn’t mean George was responsible. What if there had been another enemy? Someone standing in the shadows.  One none of them had considered.
“Jared and I have talked this over,” Sara said. “We’d like to help restore your family’s honor.”
Nadine hugged Sara. “Sara, that’s sweet, and I appreciate it. I’m sure Tom will too, but you don’t need to prove yourself to us. We love you, just the way you are.”
“I know and in this short time, I’ve grown to love you too, but this is a matter of family honor, and if I’m ever going to be part of it, I don’t want my children to be born under the same curse. Whether I believe it or not; Jared does, Tom does and so do you. I want our children, if we ever have any, to hear stories about their grandparents, and remember them as having been heroes, not only to us, but to the rest of the people as well.”
Nadine eyed Sara suspiciously. “Have you and Jared discussed your future?”
“Not really Nada. I don’t think Jared wants to have children with me. He keeps saying he won’t risk having a child with me, because he won’t risk losing me. Nada, women have been giving birth to children for thousands of years. I don’t understand why he believes if we have a baby he’s going to lose me,” Sara sighed. “There are no miscarriages on my side of the family, and as far as I know, no one died in childbirth. Are there any on Jared’s side? Is that why he’s so concerned about it? He’s afraid he’ll pass it on to our children?”
Nadine swallowed hard, and busied herself with cleaning the counter. She laughed. “Who knows what goes on in that son of mine’s head. No Sara, there haven’t been any miscarriages or deaths by childbirth on Jared’s side either. What about you?” Nadine fished. “Do you want children with Jared?”
Sara answered straight away. “Yes, of course I do. But, as far as Jared is concerned, I’m not sure it’s going to happen.”
“Even though you’ve only known each other for a short time?” 
“Yes.”
Nadine laughed again. “Then be patient with Jared. He can be a little stubborn at times, and he wants to do things his own way. I know he loves you. There’s no doubt in my mind about that. He was in love with the dream, long before he was in love with the woman. I’m sure he’ll feel the same way about starting a family with you.”
Sara smiled. “Nada, I love Jared too. Sometimes when we’re apart, I don’t feel like I can even breathe. I feel so empty inside.”
Nadine patted Sara’s shoulder. “I know just how you feel, Honey.”
“Just think about what we talked about Nada. Jared is supposed to be talking to Tom about it now. If we all pool together, maybe we can convince Tom to go along, for the good of the family and your people. I’m sure, their lives would be a lot better off with Tom leading them.”
Nadine smiled. “I’ll think about it, Sara, and I will try, but Tom is set in his ways, sometimes.”
Sara smiled, and they walked in the lounge to watch TV, while they waited for Jared and Tom.
------------
Sara and Nadine had waited for a long time. The sun went down, and the sky became a blanket of stars. Sara could see them from the conservatory. She’d been standing out there, watching the glow from their campfire for a long time. Nadine walked up behind her and tapped her shoulder. 
“Here, Sara,” she said, handing Sara a cup of something warm to drink. Sara took it and smiled. “Let’s go sit out on the back porch for a while, and drink our tea,” she said, motioning toward the door. 
Sara followed Nadine out, and they sat in the two-seater swing. Sara sipped her drink, expecting it to be tea, but it wasn’t. It tasted more like eggnog, but it was sweet and pleasant. “What is this? It tastes kind of like eggnog.”
Nadine chuckled. “It’s called goan. It’s made from dried chamomile blossom, coconut milk, a touch of honey, a drop or two of vanilla flavoring, and a hint of freshly ground nutmeg. You heat it up and add a teaspoon of fresh butter. Then, swirl that around with a spoon, and let it melt. I like to sprinkle a little grated cinnamon on top. Jared likes his frothed up on top before you add the cinnamon. I have a cup at night when I’m restless,” she said. “It helps me relax so I can sleep.”
Sara sighed. “I could have used some of that last night. I’ve never had such a crazy nightmare in all my life.”
Nadine eyed Sara over the top of her cup. “I don’t suppose you’d like to tell me about it,” she prompted.
Sara sighed. “Nada, it’s so jumbled up. It didn’t make any sense. I’m not even sure if I can remember it all.”
“In that case, why don’t you just tell me what you can remember,” Nadine said, narrowing her eyes in concentration.
Sara shuddered, already feeling a chill up her spine. “Here goes,” she began. “I was in my bedroom. I was wearing my silk strapless nightgown – the one I wore last night. I could see lightning flashing. I walked to the window. A thunderstorm was brewing, just over the horizon. I wanted to get a closer look at it, so I went out back.”
Nadine studied Sara’s eyes. “In your silk nightgown?”
“Yes,” Sara replied. “I stepped out onto the patio. The view was magnificent. I heard a noise behind me, so I turned to see what it was. There was nothing there, but when I turned back toward the desert, it was gone too. Like one of Jared’s sketches, with just me and the house drawn in.”
“Was anybody there with you?”
“No. I was alone. I walked to the edge and looked down. The ground was covered in what looked like snow. I touched it with my toe. It was cold, freezing, but it wasn’t snow. It was sand. I could feel the individual grains between my toes as I stepped off the edge of the patio.”
“You said there was nothing in front of you. What happened to the storm?”
Sara chuckled. “Like everything else, it was gone too. I told you it didn’t make any sense.” 
Nadine smiled. “It does sound strange Sara, but dreams are often like that. What happened then?”
“I started walking, and I began to see the outline of a tall object, far off in the distance. It was as if someone was sketching my dream as it went along. As I got closer, I could tell that the object was some kind of totem pole, but it was different to the ones I’d seen in the past.”
“What do you mean by different?”
“Well, totem poles normally have images of different animals and events – right?”
“Yes, normally. On rare occasions, an animal or image might be repeated, but it’s usually different in some way.”
“Yes, but the only images I could see on this totem pole were wolves.”
“Wolves? That’s interesting. Were they all the same?”
“Not totally. They were different colors and ages. When I walked closer to the pole, the ground changed again.”
“In what way?”
“It started getting warmer. From that point on, each step I took, the sand kept getting hotter until it was burning my feet like fire.”
“Were you in pain? Was the sand physically burning your feet? What could you see now?”
“Yes. The sand was burning my feet. I turned to go back, thinking the sand would be cooler, but it wasn’t. No matter which way I turned, the only thing I could see was the strange totem pole. My feet were hurting. I couldn’t stand in the same place for very long, but I was driven by an insatiable curiosity to get closer. I got this really uneasy feeling, and the closer I got to the totem pole, the worse it got, and so did the burning. By this time, it was blazingly hot. I screamed and dropped to my knees.”
“Didn’t the sand burn your knees as well?”
“No, just my feet, that was the odd part. As long as the soles of my feet weren’t touching the ground, it didn’t burn me anywhere else, at least not in the beginning. When I knelt down, I heard a low growling, coming from the direction of the totem pole, just a few short feet in front of me.”
“Did you see where the growling was coming from, or what was making it?”
“It was coming from one of the wolves on the totem pole. I looked up, in time to see the symbol at the top of the pole starting to change. I got back on my feet, and despite the pain from the burning sand, I started backing away from the pole. The symbol separated itself from the top of the pole and jumped to the ground. It wasn’t real. It was made of wood.”
“Are you certain it was made of wood? What did the wolf do?”
“Because when it snarled at me, I could see what looked like fire, burning behind its wall of jagged wooden teeth.” Sara sipped her drink, and then continued. 
“I took a few more steps back. I figured if I broke and ran it would chase after me. Then another one of the symbols changed and dropped down on the opposite side of the pole. I guess I started to think a little more logically, at that point. I reasoned if the second symbol changed because I stepped closer, if I went back, that should prevent another symbol from changing.”
“That does sound logical,” Nadine nodded. Were you right? Did it stop the third symbol from changing?”
“No, I was wrong, it didn’t.” Another chill went down Sara’s spine, and she shivered again.
------------
Myra finished her studies, and decided to come down stairs. When she couldn’t find anyone in the kitchen, she decided to look out on the patio.
Myra took Nadine’s cup. “Can I join you?” 
Myra scared Sara. Sara scared Myra, and both of them screamed. Nadine laughed. “Holy Geez Sara!” Myra gasped, nearly dropping Nadine’s cup. Like Jared, Myra had the uncanny knack of sneaking up on someone without making a sound. “If you keep doing that, I’m going to need more than a sip of this stuff,” she said, passing the cup back to her Mother.
“Would you like me to make you a cup?”
Myra patted her mother on the shoulder and settled on the porch, her back propped against one of the posts. She smiled. “I’d love one, Mother.”
“I’ll be right back, Sara, and then you can finish your story.
Myra studied Sara’s eyes. “Story – what story? What have I missed?”
Nadine stood. “Sara was telling me about a nightmare she had last night. Sara, Honey, would you like another cup too?”
Sara passed Nadine her cup. “Yes, please. It’s very pleasant and relaxing. You’ll have to write the recipe down for me before we leave.”
Myra seemed surprised. “You mean Jared hasn’t made it for you already?”
Sara sighed. “No, he hasn’t.”
Myra leaned her head back and looked up at the sky. “This is why I love this place. Come have a look, Sara.”
Sara walked to the edge of the porch and looked up. The sky looked as if someone had dusted it with silver glitter, and was shining a spotlight on it. Sara watched a shooting star fall toward the western horizon. “Is it always like this at night?”
Myra nodded. “Sometimes, you can even see stars during a thunderstorm.”
“How can that be? Thunderstorms normally come with rain.”
Myra laughed. “Not in Arizona. We get violent lightning and thunderstorms but seldom the rain. We could get as little as two inches the whole summer.”
“Wow that is dry! Louisiana was dry during the summer months, but not that dry. In fact, sometimes during the summer we had flash floods.  How long is the summer season, here?”
“It depends. Sometimes it can run from late April up to mid-September. It starts getting cooler then. Because the days can be so hot and dry, it’s not uncommon to see a gigantic thunderhead covering the western skies, and have stars glittering everywhere else.”
“Wow!” Was all Sara could think to say. 
“Here, Dear,” Nadine said as she handed Sara and Myra their goan. Nadine sat beside Sara. “Now, let’s hear the rest of that story,” she said anxiously.
Sara drew in a large sigh and began again. “Let’s see, where was I…?”
“You were talking about how you thought by stepping closer to the pole, that it might make the symbols go back where they were,” Nadine prompted.
“Oh yes,” Sara sighed and continued. “As I stepped closer, instead of going back on the pole, the wolf took a couple of steps to the side, and the third one dropped in its place. It continued to do that until all the symbols had changed, and were now staring at me with their flaming red eyes and mouths full of fire. Each time, right before a new one would fall; the one next to the pole would step sideways, leaving a space for the new one.”
“No wonder you were screaming at Jared when he tried to wake you,” Myra said drawing her brows together. “I would have been screaming too!”
“Anyway,” Sara sighed again. “The wolves started ambling towards me. You’ll never know how much I wanted to turn and run, or even scream for help.”
“Why didn’t you?” Myra asked with wide eyes.
“I couldn’t. I was frozen to the spot, and every time I tried to scream for help my throat was too dry. The air around me had changed. Like the desert night, it was hot and dry. Each labored breath I took, burned from my throat, all the way down to my lungs. I needed fresh air, but there wasn’t any. It was filled with the strange bittersweet taste of sulfur.
I managed to glance over my shoulder, and I saw a pool of fresh water. Well, at least I assumed it was fresh. It might have been boiling for all I knew, but it was water and the only solution I saw. So, I started focusing all my strength on moving. Finally, I managed to break the trance, and start running toward the pool of water. The wolves, all of them, started in a run after me. I thought, if I could just make it to the water, I could get a drink, and then maybe my throat would be moist enough I could scream for help.”
Myra gasped. “And the wolves wouldn’t let you get to the pool of water?” 
“No. The nearer I ran to the pool of water, the further away it got. The wolves were almost on my ankles at this point. I knew I didn’t have a lot of time left, but my strength was spent from the hot air I’d been forcing down my lungs. I fell on my face, but I didn’t give up. I kept struggling and crawling toward the water. But, no matter what I did, or how far I stretched, I couldn’t even touch the water with the tips of my fingers. I rolled over on my back. Just below my feet were the wolves, growling and snarling at me.”
Myra leaned forward. “You couldn’t find anything to throw at them? A rock or piece of wood – anything?”
“There wasn’t anything. The desert was gone. The huge wolf, the first one to change, jumped at me, and I thought I was going to die. He grabbed me. I could feel his splintery teeth cutting in my throat, and blood running down my neck. I knew I couldn’t last long, so I summoned my last breath, and screamed as loud as I could manage. When I woke up, Jared was shaking me and trying to talk to me, but when I opened my eyes, he looked exactly like the wolf in my dream. Not the real one but the wooden one. I must have scared you all to death,” Sara sighed.
“You gave us quite a scare, that’s for sure, especially Jared. He was so worried, that he wouldn’t leave your side,” Nadine said.
Sara smiled. “I know. He was there when I woke up.”
Nadine stood. “Well, girls, I think I’m going to bed. Jared and his father may be out there for hours.”
“I think I’ll go up too,” Sara added. 
“Well, if both of you are going to bed, I might as well go back to bed myself. I hope I can sleep after Sara’s dream. Sara that sounded really scary. I hope you sleep better tonight.” She grinned wryly. “I have a feeling you will.”
Nadine glanced at Myra and smiled knowingly. “I’ll see you in the morning Sara.”
------------
Sara took out her red, satin teddy and put it on. She put on some extra perfume, took her hair down, and brushed it out. Then she pulled the covers back and crawled between the sheets. She stayed that way for a while, but it was too hot, so she folded the covers back, and lay on top. She read for maybe half an hour, and then shut out the light, leaving the two candles on the dresser, next to the mirror, burning. Their reflections in the mirror cast a soft, warm glow. Sara soon dozed off.
When she woke, Jared was lounging in the doorway, looking at her. “How long have you been standing there?” she asked sleepily.
“Not long,” Jared replied in a low, husky voice, stepping through and closing the door behind him. “God, you’re beautiful, Sara,” he said, walking slowly to the bed. Sara blushed. “Now your face matches your teddy.” Jared lay on the bed beside Sara, propped on one elbow, looking down at her. He caressed her face with the back of his index finger, tracing the outline of her jaw and down the side of her neck. He bent down to kiss it, and then kissed his way up to her ear. “I love you Sara,” he breathed in her ear. “This time, we’ll do this how it was supposed to be done,” he said as his lips came down on hers. 
By the time Jared finally made love to Sara, every inch of her body had been throbbing with desire for him. Sara thought it was Paradise the first time he’d made love to her, but what was happening to her now, must surely be Heaven.
Jared took his time with her, savoring and enjoying the moment as if it were their last. Sara didn’t know how many times he made love to her. She lost count after three. Sometime during the night, or morning, Sara wasn’t sure which; among the damp and tangled sheets, entwined in each other’s arms, they’d fallen asleep. 
------------
Myra was right, Sara did sleep better, and the first sight she saw when she woke up was Jared’s smiling face, looking down at her. Jared kissed Sara passionately. 
“Good morning, my Angel,” he whispered, and kissed her again. “Hungry?”
“Starved,” Sara replied, honestly.
Jared sat on the side of the bed and reached for his robe. “Good, because from the smell of things, Mother has made breakfast,” he said, slipping into his robe and tossing Sara hers.
“Morning,” Jared said, as they approached the breakfast table. “Looks like we’re not too late?” he said, pulling a chair out for Sara. He bent down and kissed her, and then sat beside her.
Tom laughed as he passed Jared a platter of oddly shaped pastries. “I restrained myself.” There were at least half a dozen pastries as large as a saucer, on the platter. Sara knew she wouldn’t be able to eat over one.  
Jared poured Sara a cup of coffee; while she suspiciously eyed her breakfast, unsure of what it was or how to eat it. She started picking bits off the edge. It tasted a lot like an elephant ear she’d had once or twice at the local fair, but it had been dusted with cinnamon, and had a hint of lemon juice. 
Everyone, including Jared was watching her. Sara looked up and blushed. Myra laughed.
“Are you going to eat that or just pick it to death?”
Jared sighed and rolled his eyes at his sister. “It’s fry bread, Sara. Do you like it?”
“It’s nice. It tastes kind of like a flat cinnamon roll, but I’m afraid I will only be able to eat one, if that.”
Tom laughed. A strong, loud belly laugh. “Now that you’re all here, there’s something we need to discuss, as a family,” he said, deliberately glancing at Sara. All eyes turned to the head of the table. Jared flashed Sara a knowing glance. 
“I’ve decided to challenge the Council,” Tom continued. “Now, as all of you know, this is not going to be easy, especially, since our best defense is simply out of the question,” he said, directly looking from Jared to Sara, his mind already made up, leaving no room for debate. Jared looked at Sara and shrugged. “We will simply have to find other ways than raising my Mother’s ashes from her final resting place.”
Sara opened her mouth to protest. Jared laid his hand over hers, forestalling her. It felt weird, but it was almost as if he’d spoken to her mind. “No.” It was a request Sara couldn’t challenge. She relaxed in her seat. Tom went on.
“Now that Jared and I have had a chance to go over some things from a medical point of view, I agree with what Sara has suggested. I believe it’s possible that Mikah’s death was deliberate. Whether by his own hand or by his orders, I believe Seth might have been responsible.”
“Jared,” Myra said dubiously, glaring at him. “You think Grandmother was murdered? We’ve just put Granddad in his final resting place. After all these years, you choose now to bring this up?”
Tom held up his hand. Myra cowered and held her tongue. “I know, Myra. I felt the same way, until I heard Jared’s argument. As strange as it may sound, it makes some sense. I’ll let Jared tell you,” he said, motioning to Jared.
Jared squeezed Sara’s hand. “Ok, I know this sounds bizarre, but it makes sense when you connect the dots. I can’t take credit for this, it was really Sara’s idea and her suggestion,” he said smiling at her. 
Great! Thanks Jared. Now, if the family doesn’t agree to this, guess who’s left holding the bag. Sara’s palms got sweaty. 
“Here’s what we know. Before Granddad married Grandmother, both he and Uncle Seth were courting her. Granddad because he loved her, and Uncle Seth because he wanted her inheritance. Seth never cared about Grandmother, Granddad had told me as much. Once Grandmother made her choice, Uncle Seth was livid. When Great-Granddad passed, Granddad inherited Great-Granddad’s position as head of the Council.  Because Seth was the older - by only a few minutes - of the twins, he felt the birthright should have automatically gone to him, as well as Grandmother, but it didn’t. So, he waited, patiently for an opportunity to present itself, and….”
“Dad!” Myra interjected. “I know it’s important to reclaim your place on the Council, but do you think it’s necessary to disturb Grandmother after all this time? It’s been ten years, besides, her remains were burned.”
Again, Tom held up his hand. “Myra let him finish. We’re not disturbing Grandmother.”
Myra sighed and rolled her eyes. 
Jared angrily cut his eyes at Myra. “When Granddad arranged to have his book published, Seth secretly met with certain members of the Council. No one knew who, because that’s the way the Council works. He convinced them that Granddad was flaunting our ceremonies and traditions. It didn’t matter to him that Granddad had done everything possible to prevent the publication of that book. He conveniently failed to mention that part to the Council. In his eyes, Seth saw his chance for revenge. Because of some of the older and more traditional members of the Council, Seth convinced them, that Grandmother’s illness was a result of his book. Seth convinced the Council, that Granddad had brought a curse upon our people, and that, therefore, restitution had to be made. Removing Granddad as head of the Council would be that restitution.” 
Jared paused and glanced at Sara, then back at Tom, and continued.
“Uncle Seth has always wanted what Granddad had. So badly, that I believe, and Sara believes this too, that he was willing to kill to get it. We know Grandmother died of a respiratory disease of some kind, but, because no autopsy was performed, we don’t know what, and I don’t know if we would ever be able to prove this, without samples from Grandmother.” Jared glanced at Tom. 
Tom started to rise from his seat. 
Jared held up his hand. “I’m not suggesting we have her exhumed.”
Exasperated, Tom sighed and sat back in his chair.
Jared continued. “I believe the only way we can prove this, is with a little, or perhaps even a lot of investigation. I can get a copy of Grandmother’s medical records, or at least I should be able to. I know you could get them Dad. Anyways... by her doctor’s notes, and the course of treatment she was given, I might be able to prove she was in good health before she took ill. David Whitefeather should be able to help. Between him and me, we may be able to figure out just what happened to her. After all this time, it won’t be easy, but I think we should try.”
Jared hesitated as he glanced at Sara, approaching the next part of his argument with caution, attempting to read Tom’s eyes. “I – ah - I also, think we should consider something else. I know you don’t want Grandmother exhumed, and I understand your reasons for that, but I have a friend in Shreveport. His name is Gary Browne, and he works for a genetic research facility called D’Netics. If we could get an extremely small sample of Grandmother’s ashes, I believe Gary can tell us what killed her. Now, with your permission, when I get back, I’m going to talk to him and see if he thinks he can help. Will you at least let me talk to him, and see what he says? He’s very good at what he does Dad, and if we don’t act fast, we might miss this opportunity.”
Tom sighed deeply again. “Why? What’s the rush?”
“For some reason, Triplet International in the UK is very interested in getting their hands on Gary’s research. They’re offering him a ‘to die for’ salary with fringe benefits too. All the funding he can use to do with as he pleases. Gary hasn’t given them an answer yet, but I’m pretty sure he’s going to take it. I know if I had his choice, Sara and I would be packed and ready to go tomorrow. It’s that good of an offer. So that’s why we’ve got to act fast.”
Tom and Jared eyed each other for a while. Finally, Jared sighed. Tom looked into the eyes of each member of his family, including Sara’s. “I know you all think I’m being old fashioned and stubborn about this. And, maybe I am. Go ahead. Talk to this friend of yours, but I still get to make the final decision. I may not be head of the Council, but, I am head of this family, and I would ask you to respect my wishes. It is my mother we’re talking about.”
Jared smiled and squeezed Sara’s hand. “Fair enough.”
“The first step, which is one of the hardest,” Tom said. “Is approaching the Council about this without Seth knowing. If he gets wind that we’re attempting to undermine him behind his back, he will use his power and quash any plans we might have set into motion. Since this is something that is going to affect all of us, including you, Sara,” he said, looking at her again. “It’s something we all must decide. There will be whisperings, and possibly a certain amount of danger involved and,” He paused briefly, “we could lose. If we do….”
“I believe your father is right,” Nadine said. “I for one believe it’s worth trying, for our children, and grandchildren,” she said, smiling at Sara.
Jared smiled, relieved. “As soon as I get back to Shreveport, I’ll talk to Gary. We’ve got a gig this Saturday. Our first one since Sara joined the band, and we can’t miss it. After that’s over, and I’ve made arrangements with the hospital, we’re coming back for the convention. I want all of you to think on this while we’re gone.”
Nadine smiled. “We’re looking forward to seeing you perform Sara.”
Myra grinned. “Especially me.”
“Ok, anyway,” Jared said. “Whatever you decide, Sara and I will abide by it, Dad. I would like for my children and my grandchildren to be able to hold their heads up high. I think this family has been under the raven’s wing too long, but I don’t live around him anymore. You all have to live with Uncle Seth. Regardless of how this turns out, we all know, without Council intervention, Seth is not going anywhere, but then again, neither is Dad.”
Nadine looked anxious. “When will you be leaving for Shreveport?”
“Today. I’ve arranged for us to leave Phoenix on the latest possible flight. Our flight leaves at four this evening.” Jared said. “I’ve already talked to Steve. He and Carl are going to pick up my car, and meet us in Dallas. That way, we won’t have to change flights so many times. I could rent a car and drive us, but I thought it would be better, since we’re both tired, to let somebody else do the driving.” Jared winked at Sara.
Sara raised an eyebrow at him. “You trust Steve to drive your car?”
Jared laughed. “I have a good insurance policy Sara. Besides, he knows if he wrecks my car, I’ll scalp him,” he joked.
Myra frowned. “So sudden?”
“I’m afraid we have to. I know this is important to the family, but it’s also very important to me, and to Sara, and to the rest of the band. We’ve been preparing for this for weeks now. It’s a chance for the rest of the world to see how talented our Sara is. You’re all invited. You know there’s plenty of room for you at Wisteria Hall, and we’d love to have you at the show.”
Myra frowned again. “I can’t come. I’ve got final exams that week. I’ll be shut up like a hermit. Make a DVD for me.”
Tom sighed, disappointed. “I’m afraid we won’t be able to come either, Jared.”
Nadine smiled. “But, we’ll be looking forward to watching your DVD, and hearing you perform at the convention. You will still be performing, won’t you, Jared?”
Jared smiled. “Sure we will. It’s what Granddad would have wanted. You know how much he used to love these conventions. It gave him a chance to show off his musical skills.”  His voice choked.”
Sara eyed Jared. “You never told me your Grandfather performed at the convention.”
“I never got the chance. Granddad played the flute.”
Sara was incredulous. “He played flute?” 
Tom laughed. “Not the flute you’re familiar with.” He left the room, and came back carrying what looked like a bamboo stick with holes in it, and handed it to Sara. “That was his flute. I guess it’s mine now.” 
Sara took the instrument, admiring it. “Do you play?”
Tom reached for the flute. “I try.” He placed it in his mouth and started playing it. It sounded so soothing, relaxing but also immensely sad and lonely. It made Sara feel inadequate. In her mind, she pictured the horrible things Jared’s ancestors had to endure to get where they were today. To Sara, it was appalling, the way the white people, her people, had treated them. Exploiting them, or any indigenous race for that matter, was uncalled for. 
Jared watched Sara with curious eyes. Tears filled Sara’s eyes. Although she had no reason to be, Sara felt ashamed, Tom’s playing made it all seem too real. Being here, among them, Sara could see there were so many things her people could have learned from them instead of taking their lands, and forcing them from their homes.
------------
First thing the next morning, Jared phoned his friend, Gary Browne at D’Netics in Shreveport, and explained a little about the situation with his grandmother. Gary told Jared he would be happy to meet with him when he got back to Wisteria Hall. All he had to do was give him a ring. 
The rest of the day went by too fast, and soon it was time for Jared and Sara to leave for the airport. Myra agreed to take them. They changed into what they would be wearing on the flight, and packed up the rest. Jared loaded their suitcases and things in the trunk of Myra’s Audi. 
While Jared was saying his goodbyes to his parents, Sara waited by the car. She’d said her tearful goodbyes. It wasn’t only the area she’d fallen in love with. They had accepted Sara as a member of the family, and that felt good. It was essential for her to fit in.
Jared and Sara sat in the airport, waiting for their plane. Myra had gone to the bookstore for a quick wander. Sara was sad, and already feeling homesick for her new family. Not for Shreveport, but for this place, the one they were leaving behind. Jared turned her face toward his. “We’ll be back in no time Angel.” He stroked her cheek with the back of his fingers. 
Sara smiled and nodded. “I know, but I’m going to miss them, especially your mother and Myra.”
Jared smiled. “They’ll miss you too. As far as we’re concerned, you’re part of this family already. You always have been.” Sara smiled.
The speaker announced their flight, and they stood. Jared glanced around for Myra. “She’d better get back, or we’re going to miss her,” he said as they walked over to the boarding gate. 
“I ran all the way back when I heard them announce your plane.” Myra was out of breath as she hugged Sara. “Now you take good care of my new sister!”
“With my life, little sister,” he said, hugging her and kissing her cheek. He looked down at Sara and took her hand. “With my life….”
Jared and Sara stood at the gate. Myra waved. “I’ll miss you! Hurry back!”
“I’ll miss you too,” Sara replied, fighting tears as they walked down the connecting tunnel to the plane.
Jared and Sara settled in their seats and listened while the pilot made announcements of their departure. Jared leaned across and kissed Sara. “You are her,” he said, staring into Sara’s eyes. “There’s no doubt in my mind.” Jared’s attitude turned sad and distant. Sara wondered what was wrong. Jared read the confusion in her eyes. His face brightened, and he kissed her again. “I will always love you, Sara. No matter what happens, remember that. I will always, love you.” Sara smiled, and he turned forward, holding her hand as the plane taxied down the runway, and lifted off the ground.

Chapter 18
On the flight home, Jared seemed preoccupied. Sara didn’t know why, but she suspected it had something to do with the Council and his father. Whatever it was, Jared wasn’t prepared to share it with Sara. 
All Sara knew was that she loved him, and at last, it was beginning to look as if they may have a future together. Sara wished she understood why Jared had a distant and sad look in his dark eyes. She had many questions in her mind, but the one that concerned her most was what changed Jared’s mind. What made him decide to give in to his feelings? Sara wanted to know, but she wasn’t quite sure how to approach the subject. This wasn’t the only thing that was bothering Sara, but for now, the other one would have to wait.
Jared had been scanning through one of the books she’d bought. All of a sudden, he burst out laughing. It was contagious, and before she knew it, Sara was smiling and laughing with him. Not as exuberant as Jared, but laughing softly. “What’s so funny?”
“Oh this stupid book. You wouldn’t believe some of the myths they come up with for our ceremonies and rites. For example, this one here,” he said gesturing to the book. “They haven’t got a clue. They’re just pulling at straws and making things up to suit their needs. No wonder Granddad wanted to straighten things out.”
Now, that conversation was flowing between them again, Sara saw her opportunity. “Jared, can I ask you a question?”
He locked his eyes with hers and kissed the back of her hand. “What Angel?” His eyes had a weak liquid gold glow around the outside of his iris.
“Ah – Jared – eyes,” Sara whispered.
At first, Jared narrowed his eyes in confusion, which only intensified the glow. After a few seconds of studying Sara’s eyes, his face lit with recognition. “Oh!” he said and closed his eyes. He took a deep breath, held it and then let it out slow. Then he opened his eyes again, smiling at Sara. “That better?” 
“Yes.” Sara tucked her head slightly. She could feel her cheeks starting to warm. Despite how close they had become, he could still lock his dark eyes on hers and make her forget about everything. She tried to arrange her scrambled brain and ask her burning question. “You are really going to have to work on restraining that thing you do with your eyes. I don’t think it would be easy to explain to an… outsider,” Sara said, trying to choose the right word.
Jared softly laughed. “It’s easy to control when you know it’s a secret. It’s not a secret to you, and my subconscious mind knows that. But, you’re right. I’m going to have to learn to restrain myself when I’m around you.” Jared leaned across and kissed Sara. “In more than one way,” he said, smiling wryly at her. “I may have to start wearing special shades when I’m in public.” 
Jared’s last remark did it for Sara. Her mind went totally blank. He kept looking at her in anticipation.
“What?”
Jared raised his eyebrows at Sara. “You said you wanted to ask me a question.…”
“Oh, yes.” Sara still wasn’t sure how to do this. In the end, she decided the direct approach - as outspoken as she could stand to be - was the best way. “Why did you leave like that?” 
Jared’s confused look made Sara paraphrase her question. “What were you doing on the mountain before I found you? Well, I guess I should have said, before you rescued me.” 
Jared chuckled.
“Unless,” Sara babbled on. “I’m not allowed to know.”
“I think I can tell you, some of it. I was…” he paused.
Knowing he couldn’t tell her everything, Sara could tell that Jared was searching for the right words he could use to tell her, what he could tell her. “…trying to speak with Granddad. I needed to ask him something. I had hoped I could ask him before he passed over, but….” Jared drew in a breath. Probably to keep from crying, Sara concluded from the pained look on his face. Finally, he finished his statement. “But, he never came round, so I could ask him.”
“And did you ask him? I mean, were you able to speak with him?” Sara asked, dubiously. She still wasn’t sure she believed in all their ways, but after what happened with the book, and the odd dreams, Sara’s position was changing.
“Yes, I did,” he said, seeming to hope the discussion was closed. 
Sara’s insatiable curiosity however wasn’t satisfied. She pressed him. “What did you want to ask him? Was it about… me?”
“Yes,” Jared answered, guarded.
Ok, if this keeps up, it will take me all the way to Dallas to find out what I want to know. 
Sara was getting impatient. Maybe it was time to ask what she wanted to know. She swallowed hard, took a deep breath and hoped her trembling voice didn’t sound too pathetic. This was extremely difficult for her. “Did you change your mind about us… because of what he… told you?”
“Yes.”
Sara sighed. “Jared, you sound like you’re on the stand and I’m the prosecuting attorney. Can’t you answer with something other than, yes?” Sara thought she saw a faint smile on his lips. Was he enjoying her anger?
“Yes,” he said, stifling a laugh.
“Arghhh!” Sara groaned.
Jared laughed and turned in his seat. “I could if you would just ask what you want to ask and stop, hesitating and beating around the bush. What do you want to know?”
“All right, if that’s the way you want it. I don’t want to know,” Sara said, turning away and pouting, tired of his childish games. Sara wasn’t beating around the bush. At least, she didn’t think she was. Considering her courage had turned to jelly, she thought she was being relatively straightforward.
He smiled. “Don’t do that.”
Even, though Sara’s head was turned away from Jared, she could still hear the smile in his voice. He took her chin in his hand, turned her face to his and softly kissed her. “Sara,” he said, sincerely. “Angel, I can’t tell you everything. I’m doing the best that I can. I know what you want to know, and I know this must be very difficult for you, so let me ease your pain. Yes, what my Granddad said to me is why I changed my mind about making love to you.”
Sara had to stay extremely close to him to hear. He was keeping his voice low. What he had to say was for her and her alone. “Granddad told me; even when we foresee a future event, it doesn’t mean it will always turn out that way. He said I would just have to be patient, and allow this to play itself out. Some things, he said, are predestined by choices we’ve already made in the Spirit World. Those are the things, no matter how much we want to, that we can’t change.” 
The sadness slipped back into his tone. “We might prolong them, but, eventually, they catch up with us in the end. Sometimes, when we resist and try to make things go the way we want them to, we end up doing more damage than good, and make things harder on us, and the other person involved. Like me, fighting my feelings for you.”
“And he told you, that you shouldn’t fight those feelings?”
“He said I shouldn’t try to change things, or push things in a different direction because I wasn’t happy with the outcome. So, I’m just going to be very careful and love you, as I know you should be loved. The way you deserve to be loved, devil-be-damned.”
Sara couldn’t help but smile. “I see.”
“I think I should warn you,” he continued.
“Warn me?”
“I only know one way to love – all the way.” Jared brushed the back of his fingers against her cheek, lay down his book and closed his eyes. That was Sara’s cue, not to ask any more questions for this interrogation session. 
For the time being, it was enough for Sara. Maybe she didn’t need to know what he’d asked his Grandfather about, and better still, maybe she honestly didn’t want to know. Sara watched him for a few minutes as sleep overtook him and his face relaxed. She touched his cheek and closed her eyes too.
 Although Sara hadn’t planned it, Jared was right. She was tired, and the next thing she remembered was being gently shaken awake. “Put your seatbelt on Angel, we’re about to land.” Jared lightly brushed her cheek. 
Sara yawned and stretched, and then fastened herself in. It actually wasn’t necessary. The pilot must have been well seasoned. Sara barely felt it when the plane’s wheels hit the runway, until it started clicking across the different sections in the pavement.
Sara glanced at her wrist watch. It was half past eight at night in Dallas. Although they’d been in the air for three hours, technically with the time difference, they’d been in the air for six hours. It would be half past six, back in Arizona. The sun would be starting to drop behind the mountains. Sara wondered what they would be doing.
It took them another half hour to get processed, and find their luggage. Steve and Carl were waiting for them at the terminal. 
“I’m sorry to hear about your Granddad,” Steve said. He gave Sara a hug and patted Jared on the shoulder. Although Jared was jealous of Steve when he first introduced him to Sara, Jared didn’t seem bothered now. Sara was thrilled. Steve was a close friend to Sara.
“Yeah, man, me too,” Carl added, shaking Jared’s hand and hugging Sara.
“Thanks.” Jared said.
Steve looked from Sara to Jared and then back at Sara. “You’re looking more settled now, than the last time I saw you,” he said, a wry smiled spread across his lips. Sara blushed crimson.
Jared cleared his throat and smiled at Sara. If it hadn’t been for the color of Jared’s skin, he would probably be blushing too. “We both are. Thanks for bringing my car.”
That didn’t help Sara’s condition. She was practically glowing now.
“No problem, man,” Steve said, fishing in his jean pocket for the keys and holding them out to Jared. “Not all of us can ride around in style. It was nice while it lasted.”
Jared pushed Steve’s hand away. “No, go ahead and enjoy your glory a while longer. Sara and I will ride in the back seat on the way home.”
Jared picked up Sara’s left hand, and kissed it, deliberately flashing her engagement ring in Steve’s face. 
Steve’s eyes widened. “Holy shit! Man you work fast! Congrats – when’s the big day?”
Carl shook Jared’s hand. “Well, I knew you were going to do it, I just didn’t know when.”
Poor Lucy, Steve thought. “Have you told Luce yet?”
“No, I guess we’ll tell her tonight – if she notices,” Sara replied. “As soon as she finds out, it’s a matter of time before my mother will know.” And I’m not looking forward to that response.
“We haven’t set a day for the wedding yet,” Jared said. “When we do, we’ll let you know. Let’s get going. I’ve got something to do tonight.”
“I’ll say,” he said, smiling accusingly at Jared and Sara. Sara tucked her head in Jared’s shoulder, still blushing.
Steve popped the trunk of the car and Jared put their things in it. Sara crawled in the backseat and waited for Jared while he pushed the luggage cart back. When they were alone in the car, Steve turned in the driver’s seat, so he could see Sara. “Did you have a nice trip, barring circumstances?”
Sara smiled. “Yes.”
“Did you like Arizona?” Carl asked.
“Yes,” Sara said, still smiling. She realized she was starting to sound like Jared. 
“And?” Steve prompted.
“And what?” Sara looked at him, raising both her eyebrows in mock confusion.
“And… you’re not going to tell us anything else that went on down there – are you, you little tease?” Steve said.
Sara grinned, “Nope!”
Steve turned back around, disappointed. “I think Jared is having a bad influence on you.” Steve wanted to hear some juicy stories that Sara wasn’t going to tell him. Carl and Sara laughed as Jared was getting in the back seat. 
Jared furrowed his brow and half smiled. “Did I miss something?”
“No, you didn’t, and we’ll never know what it is that you didn’t miss,” Steve said. Everyone laughed but Jared. Jared looked at Sara, then out the side glass for a few seconds, and then back at Sara. “Steve, can we just go now?”
“Absolutely,” Steve said, starting the engine.
Jared turned Sara’s face toward his, staring into her eyes for few seconds, closed his eyes and kissed her passionately. Sara knew the reason he’d closed his eyes. If he hadn’t - kissing her this way - he wouldn’t have been able to stop his eyes from glowing, and judging by the amount of passion he’d been putting in his kisses, Sara knew Jared’s eyes would be deeply crimson by now. 
Jared kissed the side of Sara’s neck, and put his lips close to her ear. “You’re even more dangerous now than you were before,” he breathed in his deep, seductive tone. Sara’s insides fluttered as he sat up and she rested her head on his shoulder. Jared sighed and laid his head on top of Sara’s. Sara dozed, listening to the sound of Jared’s strong, steady heartbeat.
Sara woke up and lifted her head. A bright light shone in her face, despite the fact that Jared had shielded Sara’s eyes with his hand. He kissed her forehead. “Where are we?” Sara asked, yawning.
“Just outside Kilgore, Texas.”
“Why are we stopping?” Sara was anxious to get home. Not home to Lucy’s, but home to Wisteria Hall. That’s what she considered home now.
“I think Steve and Carl needed to go to the little boy’s room. Do you want anything? A Coke or some chips or something?”
Sara spent a few seconds, thinking about her answer. What she genuinely wanted would have to wait until they got home. “I guess I could drink a Coke and maybe a pack of salted peanuts, to go in it.”
Jared eyed her suspiciously. “I’ll get you the Coke and the salted peanuts, but I won’t let you put the peanuts in your Coke.” His tone was stern.
Sara pouted. “But, that’s how I’ve always had them in the past.”
“Not anymore,” he said, kissing her. “It’s too easy to suck one of those down your windpipe, and I don’t want to risk losing you.” Sara sighed, disappointed, but willing to abide by his wishes. “Do you want to come in with me?”
“Yeah,” she said unbuckling her seatbelt, and reaching for the door handle. “I’ll just dash to the bathroom while you get the drinks. If you’re not going to let me put my peanuts in my Coke, just get me a pack of crunchy Cheetoez.”
Sara walked to the front of the car and waited for him. Jared took her hand, and they went inside. While Sara was in the bathroom, she bought a plastic toothbrush from a vending machine. She was aware she hadn’t had the opportunity to brush her teeth since they’d left Arizona. 
Sara looked at herself in the mirror and gasped. Her hair was tangled, so she quickly fixed that too, and sprayed on an extra touch of perfume, just to be sure before she went back outside. Jared was lounged against the outside doorframe, waiting for her. He put his arm around her waist, and they walked back to the car. Steve and Carl were already waiting for them when they crawled in the back.
Steve looked at Jared in the rear-view mirror. “Jared, could you do me a favor?”
Jared took a sip of his Coke. “What’s that?”
Steve grinned. “If you two are going back to sleep, put some tape over Sara’s mouth.” 
Jared furrowed his brow. “Why?”
“So she won’t snore so loud.”
Sara narrowed her eyes and punched Steve in the arm, hard. “Ow!” he responded, rubbing it. Carl and Jared laughed. 
“I do not snore!” Sara said, emphasizing each word.
“Ok, ok!” Steve said, rubbing his arm. “We must have picked up a grizzly in Dallas then.”
“Steve,” Jared said, dryly.
“Yeah, man?”
“Drive!”
“Right!” Steve said, turning the car around and heading back on the Interstate. They drove in silence as they drank their Cokes and ate their snacks. Then Steve spoke again, excited this time. “Oh, I almost forgot. You got the schedule for the gig.”
Jared raised an eyebrow. “How do you know?”
“He kinda, sorta, opened the letter when he saw where it was from,” Carl said, ratting on Steve.
“You traitor. I had a good lie all lined up too!”
Jared’s attention was piqued. “So, what did it say?”
Steve opened the glove box and handed Jared an official looking, white envelope with the logo for the HMC on the face of it. Jared turned on the map light above him and Sara. He opened the letter and started glancing through it. “Shit!”
Sara looked worried. “What is it?”
“They want us to be there tomorrow morning to rehearse, and get the sound system setup.”
“What? Tomorrow morning! I’m not ready for that, Jared!” Sara protested profusely.
“Easy, Sara. They don’t want us there until eleven. We’ll still have a chance to work a while before we have to leave.”
Sara kept shaking her head. “No, I’m not ready! I’ll throw up, Jared!”
Jared smiled at her. “Sara, you’re going to do just fine and you’re not going to faint. You’re not going to throw up, and you’re not going to forget the lyrics either. Trust me. You don’t give yourself enough credit. You’re good.”
“You’re biased!” Sara grumbled.
Jared laughed. “Yes, but I know talent when I hear it.”
Sara groaned and slid to the other side of the car, staring out the side glass at the blur of lights as they flew past them. Just, as they started through Shreveport, Jared phoned Gary again to let him know they were back. Gary said he would leave now, and meet them there, but he would be bringing his cousin with him. Jared also phoned ahead, and gave Cassie instructions to entertain Gary if he arrived before he and Sara did.
------------
When they got to Wisteria Hall it was nearly half past ten. As promised, Gary and his cousin were sitting in the lounge, drinking coffee, and visiting with Cassie.
“Well it’s about time you got here,” Gary laughed, as he gave Jared a warm handshake. “Jared, this is my cousin, Donna Rigden. Donna, this is Jared Thundercloud of ‘Raging Storm’. Donna will be taking over for me at D’Netics.”
Oh my God! Donna’s heart rate quickened, as she stared at him, smiling. She swallowed hard, holding out her hand. “Nice to ah – to meet you Jared. ‘Raging Storm’ is one of the few country bands I’ll listen to.”
Jared grinned and chuckled. It wasn’t the first time a woman’s eyes had widened when they met him. “So I assume you don’t like country music Donna?”
Donna sighed, her cheeks showing some color. “Well, not a lot – I mean I didn’t, but I like ‘Raging Storm,’” she added quickly. If you were involved, I could learn to appreciate opera!
What the…? “I’m glad,” Jared said, shaking Donna’s hand. A slight tingle ran through him as he locked eyes with her. By the way, Donna’s eyes widened, Jared could tell she felt something too.  That’s odd. I’ve already found my perfect match - Sara. Why am I getting these feelings from Donna?
Donna furrowed her brow. “Pardon?” Seeing the confused look on Sara’s face, reluctantly, Donna eased her hand away from Jared’s.
Jared blinked a couple of times and cleared his throat. “I – ah – I didn’t…”
Gary glanced from Donna to Jared wondering what was going on. “Jared, has being in Arizona destroyed your southern hospitality...?” Gary asked, motioning with his head to the woman standing beside Jared.
“Oh – yes,” he smiled at Sara and wrapped his free arm around her waist. “Gary, Donna, this is Sara Foster, my fiancée.”
Donna glanced at her feet. Typical – he’s taken. I’d hoped she was his sister or cousin or anything but his fiancée.
Jared quickly glanced in Donna’s direction. Can Donna hear my thoughts? Better still, can I hear Donna’s? How is that possible? This isn’t supposed to happen!
Donna looked up. “Excuse me…?”
Great! Jared thought, quickly putting up a mental barrier. There are only two reasons this could happen, and I don’t even want to think about one of them.
Gary smiled. “So this is ‘Raging Storm’s’ new female vocalist. This is the Sara Foster from the CD you sent me?”
“The one and only,” Jared said, smiling at Sara.
Sara narrowed her eyes at Jared. “Is there anybody you haven’t told?”
Gary shook Sara’s hand. “It’s a pleasure to meet you Sara. I’m looking forward to the performance on Saturday. I want an autograph picture and CD to take with me to England. I have a feeling it will be a long time before I’ll be able to enjoy live country music.”
“Well, let’s sit. Cassie,” Jared said. “Would you bring out a pitcher of ice-tea and some glasses please?” Cassie nodded and disappeared. “So it’s official. You’re really doing it, you’re moving to the UK?”
Gary laughed. “Triplet International made me an offer I couldn’t turn down,” he replied. “Bigger salary, all the funding I want to use as I choose, plus fringe benefits. Who could turn that down?”
“I hear that,” Jared commented, “but I’m going to miss you.”
Gary chuckled. “I’m probably going to miss you more. Country music is not that big in the UK.”
“Donna, Gary tells me you’re pretty good with the music department yourself.”
Donna smiled again. “I’m not bad I guess,” she chuckled.
Wonder what we would sound like together? “Well, I’m sure we could always find a spot for you in ‘Raging Storm’, if you’re interested.” Jared what is wrong with you? Stop this! You’re just tired. That’s it. I’m tired from the trip and the stress. Please don’t accept Donna….
Donna sighed. “I would love that Jared, but I just don’t have the time. I wouldn’t mind the odd jamming session with you though – just for fun.” Since, that’s obviously all it could be.
Jared grinned. Could I have been wrong? “I’m sure we could find some time for that too,” Jared laughed. Jared! Good god what’s wrong with you? You’ve got what you wanted. You’ve committed to her. You’ve given her the ring. You can’t hurt Sara. It would kill her. You love her. Yes, I do love her. I need sleep. That’s it, I just need sleep. Get professional with her Jared. Talk about work! “So Donna, you’re taking over the research department at D’Netics?”
Donna smiled. “I guess you could say that.” I’m going to kill Gary for not telling me about you sooner!
Jared cleared his throat. You know you’re not being fair to Donna Jared. You’re still eavesdropping on her thoughts, but you’ve cut her off of yours. What’s it going to hurt? Who’s going to know I can hear her thoughts but me? They’re just thoughts, it’s not as if I’m going to act on them – am I? “So, Donna, any idea which direction you’ll be going with the research?”
“Yes. I’d like to work with stem cells as a possible cure for heart conditions.”
Shit! I remember that. This is too coincidental. “That’s right,” Jared smiled. “I read your article on using stem cells to cure major heart conditions and diseases. It was a very interesting piece.”
Donna blushed. “Well, it wasn’t my best.”
“I thought it was,” Jared said.
 “Gary said you think your grandmother might have been murdered?”
“I think it’s a strong possibility Donna. Grandmother was fine one day and in the hospital on life support the next. According to her doctor, he believed it was some kind of respiratory infection. Before they could find out for sure, she died.”
Donna furrowed her brow. “Did they do an autopsy on her? Do you have a copy of her medical records and treatment?”
Gary smiled. Donna was in her element.
“No Donna,” Jared replied. “My father adheres to some of our older traditions.”
“Please don’t say she was cremated!”
“No, she wasn’t cremated, but her body was burned after the normal funeral ceremony.”
Donna sighed and pressed her lips together. “Let me guess. Your father doesn’t want your grandmother exhumed either – does he?”
Jared furrowed his brow and studied Donna’s eyes. He smiled knowingly. “No, he doesn’t.”
Donna took a long, deep breath. “Well, would there be any possibility of getting blood, or tissue samples from when she was admitted to the hospital?”
“I don’t know yet,” Jared replied. “I intend to chase that up as soon as I get back down there.”
“Where did your grandmother die Jared?” Gary asked.
“In the hospital at Wickenburg, back in Arizona. The same place my grandfather died.”
 Gary and Donna shared an uneasy glance. “Jared, I’d love to help you, and I’d be happy to have a look at her medical records. But, without something to go on, at least with our current technology,” Donna said. “I don’t think your chances are going to be good.”
Gary glanced at his watch. “Jared, I’m sorry to cut this short, but I still have some packing to do.”
“When are you leaving?”
“On Saturday, after the performance. I’m being flown over on a company jet.”
“Wow!” Jared said. “Are there any other openings?”
Gary chuckled. “Unless you’re a genetic engineer or biochemist, I’m afraid not. They already have a head doctor in the infirmary. I think his name is Sam Kaliea. He’s Australian, and from what my best friend Richard says, Sam thinks he’s god’s gift to women. Who knows, maybe he’ll slip up and get fired. If anything comes open, I’ll be glad to put in a good word with the boss for you. I tried to convince Donna here to go with me too, but she’s not keen on the idea.”
“You go right ahead and fly to England on big company jets all you want to,” Donna commented. “I’m happy right here in the USA with my feet firmly on the ground.”
Jared laughed. “Not fond of flying eh Donna?”
“No I’m not!” she laughed.
“Well, look,” Jared said standing. “Thanks for meeting with us so late at night.”
Gary chuckled. “Jared, you know that never bothered me. I just wished I could have done more, but I’m leaving you in capable hands. I’ll see you at the performance.”
“All right, and thanks again. Nice to meet you Donna. I’ll check on those samples for you, and let you know what I find out.”
“Ok Jared,” Donna smiled. “Anything I can do to help.”
Jared and Sara waved from the door as Gary and Donna drove off.
By the time Gary and Donna left, it had been almost eleven. Jared hated calling Lucy to come rehearse that late, but he knew they needed the practice. With Carl and Steve already there, they went out to the studio as soon as Sara and Jared had unpacked and changed. 
Jared told Cassie, their cook, to throw an assortment of sandwiches and fresh vegetables together for them to snack on, and they got busy. They’d gone through several songs, including the new ones Sara wrote while they were in Arizona. Carl and Steve loved the new duet, and they had no difficulty working out the fill-ins and turnarounds.
------------
Since they’d left Wisteria Hall, Gary had noticed Donna was surprisingly quiet. On the trip out, she was all chatty. Her mood seemed to change when Jared introduced Sara to them. Gary glanced across at her. 
“D… are you all right?”
Donna sighed deeply, staring out the window. “Yeah, I’m fine. Why do you ask?”
Gary pressed his lips together. “You are too quiet. Is it because I’m leaving or is it something else?”
Donna swallowed hard as tears glossed her eyes. “Well, yeah, I am. Who am I going to talk to? Who am I going to have lunch with?”
Gary grinned. “You could always reconsider and come with me. I’d love to have you as my partner. Who knows what kind of mischief we could get into with the money Triplet International would be paying us. We might even be able to save the World. I’m sure I could get you on.”
Donna smiled. “Gary, we’ve already been through this. I have a life here. Well… sorta, anyway. If, you’d been a little more informative it might have been a little more exciting though.”
Gary smiled knowingly. “I knew it!”
Donna narrowed her eyes at Gary. “You knew what?”
Gary chuckled. “You think I didn’t see that sad look in your eyes when Jared introduced Sara as his fiancée?”
“If you’d introduced him to me a little sooner….”
“I’m sorry Honey. I didn’t realize you were looking for a relationship.”
Donna rolled her eyes. “I’m always looking Gary. I just haven’t had the time. For Jared, I would have made time. God, he gave me such a tingle when he looked at me. And his voice was just so….”
Gary held up his hand. “D you know I love you, but honestly, do you have to have this conversation with me? I’m not into all this girl talk. Seriously! If I’d known - look at it this way. He’s not married yet….”
“No, that’s true, but I won’t come between him and Sara. She seems like a sweet person. Maybe I’m not meant to meet anybody. I mean, really, I’ve got my career and my music. Maybe I should just concentrate on that. You could always talk to that doctor you were telling Jared about.”
Gary laughed. “No, I won’t try to fix you up with Sam. According to what Richard tells me, Sam would only break your heart. And, after seeing how Jared has affected you….”
Donna laughed nervously and held up her hand. “Gary, I was kidding!”
“I wasn’t D. I’ve got your email. I’m going to give it to Richard and tell him to contact you. Just give it a chance. You shouldn’t be alone D….”
“Gee thanks! Now, do you suppose we could talk about something else? Like what you are going to do about Juanita?”
“Easy!” Gary sighed deeply and concentrated on driving, “Nothing!”
------------
Lucy came bursting in, full of excitement and nearly knocked Sara off her feet when she embraced her. “So what’s this all about,” she said, slipping her guitar strap over her shoulder, and tuning in with them.
“We have to be at HMC by eleven tomorrow to rehearse, and get adjusted to their sound system for the gig on Saturday.” Jared informed her. Sara gulped. 
Lucy squealed. “That’s wonderful – oh wow. Sara you must be so excited,” she said smiling at Sara.
“Oh yeah, I’m just tickled pink,” Sara said sarcastically.
“Oh, Hon- ey,” she said, comforting Sara. “Don’t be scared. You’re gonna be great! We’re all gonna be great – right guys?” Lucy said, holding up a high five to Jared.
Jared slapped her hand. “You bet we are Luce,” he said, putting his arm around Sara’s shoulder and giving her a squeeze of encouragement. “And this sweet voice here is going to take this band… straight to the top!” he said enthusiastically, motioning with his hand.
Sara rolled her eyes. “Thanks, Jared,” she said, tightening her jaw. 
Lucy started plucking her strings at random. “What was that song you were doing when I came in?”
Jared handed her a copy of the words and chords they’d been working on, while they waited for her to get there. “It’s Sara’s creation. She wrote it while we were on a mountain in Arizona with nothing but a notebook and one of my old guitars I left at Mother’s.”
Lucy took it and scanned over it. “I like it! Let’s do it. I’ll twin backup for you on the chorus, and twin about a third above Sara on these parts, here,” she said, pointing. “Is that ok with you, Sara?” she motioned with her eyes.
“Yeah,” Sara replied. “That’s fine.” Lucy had no way of knowing how relieved Sara was to have someone else helping her with the high parts. She wasn’t sure of the key. Jared had told Sara this new key was better for her voice range, but Sara was still a little uncertain about the high notes. Knowing that someone was singing just a little higher up the scale than she was might help her reach her notes on cue.
Sara started to make a chord on her guitar, and the light caught her unusual engagement ring. Lucy’s mouth dropped. She walked over to Sara and picked up her hand. She studied Sara’s eyes. “Is this what I think it is?” She glanced from Sara to Jared.
Sara smiled as tears glossed her eyes. “Yes Lucy. Jared and I are getting married.”
Lucy looked as if someone had knocked the wind out of her. She blinked rapidly and glanced at Jared. She studied his eyes for a few minutes, and then looked back at Sara’s. “Wow – that’s – ah – that’s great news. I’m – ah – I’m happy for you. Guess you’re going to be part of the family after all.” Just not the part I’d expected you to be.
“Thanks Luce,” Jared responded. “You sure you’re all right with this?”
“Yeah – sure – why wouldn’t I be?” You didn’t want me. Why shouldn’t you have my niece? God help me get through tonight. Lucy fought off stinging tears. She glanced at Steve. “I’m not the one you need to be worrying about,” Lucy said, glancing at Sara. 
Steve shook his head knowingly. I can feel another sandwich session coming on….
Lucy replayed her guitar part. “Come on. Let’s get this song sorted out.” 
They tried what Lucy had suggested. “Well?” Sara said looking from Lucy to Jared, and then from Steve to Carl and back to Jared. Carl and Steve gave Sara the thumbs up. 
Lucy swallowed the lump in her throat. She rolled her eyes and shook her head. “Wow!” she said. “I’m going to hand in my resignation. Jared is right. You are going to take us to the top.”
Sara smiled. “Really?”
Jared lifted Sara’s chin and kissed her. “Really, Angel.”
Maybe they were right. Maybe Sara could get through this. As long as she knew Jared loved her, and would always be by her side, she could get through anything.  
That night when he made love to her in their bedroom for the first time, he left her breathless and with no doubts in her mind. God, I’ve never felt so alive in my life! What could possibly go wrong? As they were just about to walk in the coliseum, Sara found out. Only one person could ruin her happy disposition. 

Chapter 19
Sara’s cell vibrated. She glanced at the name on the display, sighed deeply, and accepted the call. She spoke softly in hopes they wouldn’t hear. “Hi Mom.”
Kaye was fuming. “Oh, so you finally decide to come home. What is it with you Sara? You run off with this stranger to Arizona - of all places. You don’t call. All Lucy would tell me was that you’d gone with Jared - whoever the hell he is - to see his sick grandfather, and that’s the last I hear until now. I’ve tried to call you at least ten times since Lucy said you’d left. What did you do – turn off your damn cell?”
“Mom, calm down. I’m fine. Jared wouldn’t do anything to hurt me,” Sara managed to get in edgewise. 
“Maybe he would – maybe he wouldn’t. You’ve not known him long enough to be able to answer that truthfully Sara. I don’t understand you. I didn’t raise you to sleep with the first man that gave you the eye.”
“Mother! I love Jared!”
“Of course, you do,” Kaye retorted sarcastically.
Sara was getting furious. Jared walked beside Sara. “Is that your mother?” Sara nodded. He reached out. “Give me the cell – let me talk to her.”
At that point, Sara didn’t think she had anything to lose. Kaye wasn’t going to accept Jared anyway, so there was no real reason for them to get along. Jared pressed the mute button. “What’s her name?”
“Katherine. But she goes by Kaye.”
Jared took a deep breath and smiled. “Hello Kaye. This is Jared Thundercloud. I’m the one that’s been stealing your daughter’s time.”
Sara imagined her mother ranting on to him.
“No Ma’am, Sara and I haven’t known each other long. Yes.... I agree…. You’re right, Sara is very young, but I can assure you,” he said, looking directly into Sara’s eyes. “Sara knows exactly what she wants.” Jared listened a few minutes. “Yes, Ma’am, my intentions toward your daughter are nothing but honorable. I take her reputation very seriously. I’d like to meet you and Mr. Foster. Would it be possible for me to bring Sara down for a visit?”
Oh God, No Jared! Sara started waving her hands and shaking her head. 
Jared smiled and ignored her. “Well, we have the gig for this Saturday. Yes Ma’am, were playing at the HMC…. The Louisiana Hayride Reunion. Yes, she is. Sara is our lead female vocalist. You and Mr. Foster should come up and listen to her sing. She has the voice of an angel.”
“Yes Ma’am, I’m sure you’re aware of how your daughter sings, which is why I think it would do her good if you came out and supported her. She’s a little nervous about getting up in front of all those people.”
Sara’s stomach started making buttermilk. She couldn’t take Kaye’s negative attitude.
Jared grinned at Sara. He could tell she was getting worried. “Why don’t you and Mr. Foster come and stay at my house? I’ll have my cook prepare a meal. I’ll take care of your tickets and transportation to and from the coliseum. That’s right. You don’t have to pay for anything. I’ll even arrange it, so you and Mr. Foster are given backstage passes.”
Sara was close to tears. She knew, if anyone could ruin this for her, it was Kaye. She would build up Jared’s confidence. Make him think she was an ally, and then fill his head with her thoughts. He would be telling Sara goodbye after five minutes, if her parents came to the performance. 
Jared smiled. “There’s no reason for you to stay at a hotel. Wisteria Hall – yes Mrs. Foster – that’s the name of my home. You and your husband are welcome to stay with me. I have more than enough room.”
Jared listened a few seconds. “No Mrs. Foster, it’s not that hard to find. Shall I text the directions to your cell? Great, if you’ll just hang on – there, sent. I’m looking forward to meeting you too. Would you like to speak to Sara again? All right, hold on just a second.” He passed Sara her cell. 
Jared smiled innocently, proud of his accomplishments. Sara wanted to strangle him.
“Hi Mom, it’s me…” Sara was prepared to be yelled at again. Surprisingly, Kaye’s voice was softer.
“Why didn’t you say you’d be singing in public?”
“Mom, you don’t normally want to hear anything about my music. I didn’t think you would consider coming.”
“Sometimes, I think you exclude us deliberately to hurt us because we’re so strict on you.”
Sara was shocked. Here, was her mother, Kaye, of all people admitting to Sara that she had been too strict on her! Sara could hardly speak. “No, Mom, I honestly wasn’t doing it to hurt you.”
“Then, you’re all right with us being there – at your performance?”
Sara was dumbfounded. “Well, yeah, sure,” she said, her tone a little more relaxed and brighter. “Of course I’d love to have you there.” She glanced at Jared.
“Ok, then, tell your boyfriend, I’ve given the directions to your dad, and I guess we’ll see you at the gig,” Kaye emphasized the word, ‘boyfriend’. “Take care of yourself Sara. We love you,” she said, fighting tears.
“I love you too Mom.” Sara ended the call. She furrowed her brow and turned. “Jared, what in the hell did you do to my mother?”
Jared looked innocent. He grinned. “What do you mean?”
“You’ve just spent about ten minutes on the phone with my mother. You’ve convinced her and Dad to come to the gig and stay with us! Are your eyes the only special things about you?”
Jared smiled and wrapped his arm around Sara’s waist, guiding her. “Let’s get inside, and get this over with.” Sara frowned and sighed deeply. Jared had said all he was going to say on the matter.
------------
They all walked into the coliseum. Sara still hadn’t convinced all her butterflies to go away, but at least they weren’t all in full flight. While she and Jared walked up to the booth and let management know they were there and ready to rehearse, the rest of ‘Raging Storm’ sat in the waiting area. 
A heavily made-up blonde, with shoulder length hair, dressed in business clothes and carrying a clipboard, quickly took their names and passed out ID tags. She also gave them some bottles of cold water. She introduced herself as Andrea. She said she’d been assigned to ‘Raging Storm’, and would ensure they got everything they needed. 
Andrea told them, while they were in the building; they would need to wear their ID tags at all times. The tags were their ticket to getting back inside the building, if they needed to go out for something to eat, or to their cars. Then Andrea asked them to take a seat with the others. She said she would come get them when it was their turn.
Jared passed out their ID tags. Sara was so nervous she couldn’t sit still. Jared finally sat her on his lap, and wrapped his arms around her to try and calm her down. It helped a little, but she was still upset. 
Somewhere between ten and fifteen minutes later, Andrea came back and escorted them to the stage. 
Jared and the band all took their places on stage, and after they’d gone through several sound checks, they turned on the overhead spotlights and adjusted them, keeping a record of their settings to be used the night of the gig. Sara was thankful for the light. It practically blinded her and prevented her from seeing how vast the coliseum was. Sara didn’t like to think of all the empty seats that would be filled during the show.
Jared turned to Sara and smiled. Then he turned to the rest of the band and counted off the lead-in to their first number. They would be opening with an instrumental he, and Lucy had written. After that, the band went straight into Jared and Sara’s duet numbers. 
Steve kept glancing at Lucy. After the news about Jared and Sara’s engagement last night, he could see Lucy was barely holding it together. Lucy somehow believed, as long as Jared was obsessed with this ‘dream girl’, she still stood a chance with him. If things didn’t change – and they didn’t look as if they would be – her niece had turned out to be that ‘dream girl’. Now Lucy had two choices. Either be happy for Sara and keep her mouth shut, or finally, tell Jared how she’d felt about him, before it was too late. As far as Steve could tell… it was already too late. 
When Sara was singing with Jared, she was less stressed. Their voices blended as if they’d been singing together for years, instead of weeks. 
Jared seemed satisfied with their audition. Sara was also, but it was hard to see how the people in the control room were receiving it. 
Then it was time for Sara to sing solo. She took a couple sips from her bottled water to moisten her dry throat. Her mouth felt as though it had been filled with half the desert she’d left behind in Arizona. She swallowed hard, silently cleared her throat, and waited for the band to play through her intro. 
Sara closed her eyes, trying to put herself in the right frame of mind. She imagined the beautiful scenery Jared had shown her from Mother’s Mountain, back in Arizona. To her surprise, she started singing on cue and in the right key too. Sara was mentally giving herself a pat on the back when Andrea signaled for them to stop playing. Sara’s heart jumped in her throat. What did I do wrong?
Andrea stepped in front of them and looked toward the control room. She said something through her headset, and nodded as she walked next to Sara. “You’re doing great Sara, but you need to relax Honey. Could you start her number over?” 
Jared nodded and walked closer to Sara. She was near tears. “Oh God Jared! I’m screwing things up. You should just do this without me. I should never have agreed to this.”
While the intro was being played again, Jared leaned close to her ear. “Ayor anosh'ni Sara. Now stop!” he whispered. “You can do this. Now sing for me Angel. Just for me,” he breathed against Sara’s neck as he kissed it. Jared walked back to his place.
That was all Sara needed. The sound of Jared’s soothing voice, and the touch of his lips on her skin zapped every nerve in her body. From that moment on, instead of concentrating on her fear, Sara concentrated on not letting Jared and the rest of the band down. They finished their songs without a hitch.
Andrea stepped back in line with the control booth, said something else through her headset, and nodded again. She walked over to Sara. Sara’s eyes widened. Now what?
“Honey, they want you to do your numbers again. You did great, but they want to add some reverb to your microphone. Jared, Sweetheart,” she said, gently moving Jared into place. “They want you to move closer to Sara – right about there. And you,” she said to Lucy, “They want you to move, just a little further to Sara’s left,” she said, gently guiding her. “There… that should do it. Now, let’s try it again. And Sara, this time Sweetheart, put your all in it – let go.” She smiled at Sara and stepped aside.
Jared gave Sara a reassuring wink, and they went through the numbers again. The people in the control room were satisfied this time. Andrea walked back in front of the band. “That was brilliant,” she said in her mixed American-British accent. “Now, what comes next is the photo shoot. Do you have costumes sorted out?”
Jared glanced at Sara and then back at Andrea. “We really haven’t had time. Sara and I have been out of town for a few days. My Granddad, down in Arizona passed away suddenly.”
Andrea’s voice was sympathetic, but still professional. “Oh, I see... Well, if I might make a suggestion. We have some things in the back you could use, or we could give you a day or so to try and get something together yourself. It’s just that, we need to do the poster shoot. It’s better if you’re wearing the same clothes you’re going to perform in. It also gives us a chance to make sure we’ve got the right lighting for the media cameras.”
Jared quickly glanced at Sara, whose face was already starting to pale.
Andrea glanced from Jared to Sara, obviously sensing Sara’s discomfort. “I could put the shoot off for a couple of hours. That would give you time to shop, or like I said, you could see if there is anything you can use in the back. You’ll need some separate clothes for the solo’s and maybe the duets too. You and Sara will need to kind of coordinate, if you know what I mean,” she said, waving her hands around.
Jared nodded. “Yeah, sure. I guess we can have a look at what you’ve got, since we’re already here.”
Andrea smiled. “Of course, if you can’t find anything, we’ll give you a couple of hours to do some shopping, and then you can come back, and we’ll do the shoot then,” she said in an enthusiastic business-like tone.
Jared and the band followed Andrea to the back to the costume room. There were racks of some of the most unusual clothes Sara had ever seen. Some that looked as if they could have come straight out of the thirties and some, that looked like Elvis might have worn them at one time.
Sara scanned through the costumes, and tried on five or six evening gowns, but she honestly didn’t like them, and neither did Jared. Andrea picked out something for Jared, and he flat out refused to wear it. It seemed they weren’t getting anywhere, so Jared decided it was time to go shopping. He told Andrea they would be back in a couple of hours.
Sara sighed, exasperated. “If Andrea is going to be our fashion designer, I’d rather wear a brown paper bag over my head, than walk out on stage in some of the things she picked out for me!”
Jared laughed as they walked to his BMW. “I think to keep from laughing in Andrea’s face; we were all chewing on our tongues.”
Sara watched Lucy and Steve get in the car together. “Steve and Carl aren’t riding together?”
Jared glanced across at Lucy’s car. “I guess not. Maybe Steve and Carl had another disagreement. Steve did seem a little uptight for some reason. Maybe it’s just Lucy. She seemed a little nervous herself….”
Sara chuckled. “I didn’t know Luce got nervous.”
Jared sighed as he started the car, and backed out of his parking space. “She doesn’t… usually. Anyway, let’s grab a quick lunch and get some decent clothes. There’s no way we’re going on stage, looking like a bunch of Elton John rejects.” Jared pulled on the main highway. Steve and Lucy pulled in behind them, and Carl and the rest of the band members behind them. They all headed for Ryan’s Steakhouse.
When they got to the restaurant, Lucy and Steve sat at a table away from the others. Sara went to the buffet bar. Jared glanced across at Steve and Lucy. “Did something happen between those two while I was gone?”
Carl turned and glanced over his shoulder. He shrugged. “Jared, he’s my brother. That doesn’t mean I know every move he makes. He and Lucy have been close for a while. Your guess is as good as mine. Does it bother you?”
Jared scoffed and concentrated on his steak. “No – it doesn’t bother me. It’s just a little odd – that’s all. They didn’t seem any different… until….”
Carl leaned forward, his interest piqued. “Until what…?”
Jared shook his head. “Never mind. I was just curious.”
------------
Sara and Jared were laughing and carrying on with Carl. Lucy was watching. A look of despair and longing on her face. She almost seemed as though she was in a trance. 
Steve sighed. “Ok, Luce – out with it.”
Lucy jumped. “Out with what?”
“Luce, it’s me – I’ve seen that look before. You think I don’t know how you feel about Jared?”
“We’re good friends Steve – you know that. I’m… concerned that he might be rushing Sara. I’m afraid he thinks she’s his ‘dream girl’. He could be marrying Sara for all the wrong reasons.”
Steve rolled his eyes. “Luce, why don’t you just admit it? You’re still in love with him.”
Lucy furrowed her brow. “I most certainly am not! Jared made it quite plain he’s not interested in me. We both decided….”
“No Lucy – Jared decided that.” He laid his hand on hers. “It wasn’t your decision. You can’t kid me. You’ve been feeding this hole in my face for a long time. We’ve had some pretty heavy sessions about you and Jared. Despite how I might – what I mean is - you just need to deal with it. Otherwise, you’re eventually going to feel bitter toward Sara. Love can do some strange things Luce. You might not want to feel this way, but the hurt is there. I can see it.”
“Jared is engaged to Sara! He loves her, and I know Sara loves him.”
“Then why are you worried that Jared is pushing her. Carl and I met them in Dallas. It didn’t look to me like Jared was the one doing the pushing.”
“I know. That’s another thing. Jared gives out mixed signals. I just hope that’s not what he’s doing with Sara. If he decides Sara isn’t this ‘dream girl’ he’s so obsessed with….”
“He’s put a ring on her finger. That seems pretty obvious to me.”
“It’s not the first time Steve. What about Eve?”
Steve drew in a deep sigh. God Lucy! Stop creating excuses to hang on to this thing with Jared. Let it go and see what’s in front of you! “Lucy… you know that’s not what’s happening here. Look, you need more time, and we don’t have a lot of time to discuss this right now. Why don’t we go for a drive - when this is over? I don’t like seeing you this way, and right now, it’s not good for the band or Sara. She’s as nervous as a republican in a room full of democrats. There for a while, I thought she was going to lose it. If it hadn’t been for Jared, I think she might have.”
Lucy sighed. “I know. I wonder what happened. She seemed fine last night.”
“Who knows… will you do it?”
Lucy studied his eyes. Finally, she smiled. “Sure.”
Steve’s eyes lit. He squeezed Lucy’s hand. “Good - It’s a date then. I mean – well anyway. Do you want to change first?”
Lucy looked at Steve’s hand and slowly drew hers away. “I think I’ll change first.”
Steve sighed and laid his hand on his knee. “I’ll pick you up at….”
Lucy smiled and concentrated on her salad. “I’ll walk across after I’ve changed. Thanks Steve, you’re a pal.”
Steve sighed, deflated. Yeah I know. Always there, and always walked away from. 
------------
After the men had congregated, they soon decided on dark, blue jeans, matching dress shirts, and different colored bandanas to wear around their necks. They decked themselves out in black suede cowboy hats, and shiny black western styled alligator boots.
Lucy and Sara bought the same thing, but for Sara’s more romantic numbers, she chose a couple of subtle dresses, one calf-length, and the other to the floor with a full-bodied skirt. Since she and Jared would be doing several duets, Sara tried to match her dresses with the color of Jared’s bandana. Lucy and Sara bought boots and matching cowgirl hats from the ladies section, as well. Sara told Jared she would wear her hat hanging down her back, but she refused to wear it on her head. Jared thought she was being silly, but humored her anyway. He thought Sara looked hot in a cowgirl hat. Sara disagreed. 
They finished shopping and hurried back to the coliseum. 
------------
‘Raging Storm’ changed into their stage clothes. Andrea was getting impatient. She urged them on as they walked through to the photo-shoot room. “Come on!” she said, glancing over them, and then at her watch. “You have done a really good job Jared. We need to hurry though.”
Jared smiled. “Good. No offense, but we weren’t going to wear anything you’d shown us.”
Andrea laughed unladylike, positioning them in front of the camera. She sighed. “I had a feeling you weren’t going to, but it was worth a try. All right now, I want you to listen, and do exactly as he tells you. These will be for the brochures. Mud, they’re all yours,” she said, pushing a lock of Sara’s hair back in place. “Give me a yell when you’re done here,” she said and disappeared.
Jared furrowed his brow. “Mud?”
The cameraman laughed. “It’s a personal joke. My real name is Dane, but you can call me Mud if you want to. Everybody else does,” he chuckled and walked in front of them. “Enough chitchat. Now, Jared, since you and Sara obviously are a couple – I couldn’t help but see the shiny rock on her finger – I assume that’s from you?”
Jared grinned. “It is.”
“Good, then let’s get some shots of you and her close-up and cozy, and we’ll just drape you guys around behind them in a crescent shape, and I’ll vignette around you. We’ll just angle this softer light, and let’s add just a little breeze on Sara’s long hair, Judy. Yes, that’s perfect. Now Jared, look at Sara as if she were the breath you take,” he said, stepping behind the camera.
“That won’t be hard,” Jared said, moving closer to Sara. “She is the breath I take.” Sara smiled.
Dane smiled. “Oh yes, that’s perfect.” He snapped a couple of shots. “Now, Jared, Sara, if you could face each other, and put your hands around each other’s waist. Now, Jared, take about a half step back, as if you were dancing with her and both of you move to the left just an inch or so – yes, that’s it – hold, please,” he snapped more shots. 
“Now, let’s get everybody back, and center. I still want you and Sara out front, and let’s cut the breeze, it’s moving your hats around too much. Sara, Honey, I know you don’t like the hat on your head, but, would you indulge me just this once. It will only take a second, and then you don’t have to wear it again, I promise,” he said, holding his hands out in front of him.
Sara glanced at Jared, sighed and put on her hat, tilting it just a tad to the left. “Will that do?” Sara was slightly perturbed. She was beginning to see Dane as her mother.
“Yes, Sweetheart, but pull the ends of your hair around the front on each side, so they hang down, yes, like that. Now hold still and I promise it will all be over soon Sara. You look beautiful, Honey, just beautiful. And three – two – one - and click. Perfect!” Dane was clearly a professional and had obviously done this before. 
He repositioned his camera, and some of the lighting. “We just need to shoot Sara’s solo. Sara, would you mind changing into your dress for me Honey, and then come back? We need to get a shot of you in both dresses.”
------------
Sara walked back to the dressing room. She slipped on the elegant of her two dresses and pulled the sides of her hair back, fastening it with hair combs. Jared had insisted on buying her a heart-shaped, diamond wreath necklace, and some earrings to match, so she used those, and went back to the photo shoot room. 
“Oh that background will not do with your pretty lavender dress,” Dane said clicking his teeth and frowning. “Let’s try a sunset. No, not the golden one, let’s go for the pink one. Oh yes, exactly what we want. Now, Sara, Honey, I want you to sit on that chair, turn sideways, and look across at Jared. I want you to imagine he’s just said he doesn’t love you anymore, and that he’s leaving you. Can you do that for me? Can you imagine that?”
Sara closed her eyes, thought about what he said, and looked across at Jared. For a few seconds, she felt like she couldn’t breathe. The thought of losing Jared would kill her. 
“Jared, help her out a little. Look back at her like you can’t stand the sight of her. We know it’s not true, but it’s just for the shot, I need her as sad, and subtle as possible.”
Jared turned toward Sara. His face went blank, no expression, no light, and no desire. Even, though she knew they were only acting, it almost brought tears to her eyes. 
“Good, don’t move, Sara. Just a little breeze to send those loose hairs a float. And, one – two – three - and click. That’s a wrap kids. Thank you so much. It’s been a pleasure working with you.” He smiled.
They finished the photo shoot.
“Just as soon as the brochure is finished, we’ll need you to approve it before we can send it to printing. Now, we can either send you a copy to your address, or you can drop by and have a look at it. Either way, we need you to let us know something as soon as possible.”
Jared handed Dane a business card. “You can send it to that address, and I’ll get back to you as soon as we’ve gone over the brochure.”
Dane read the information on the card and smiled. “Wonderful. I’ll get that out to you as soon as the draft is done. Again, it’s been a pleasure to work with you all. And Sara, Sweetheart, I’ll be looking forward to hearing you sing at the gig. You look really sexy in your cowgirl hat. You should consider wearing it on stage for at least one of your numbers.” 
Sara smiled at him and followed the rest of the group back to the dressing room. She sighed. “Thank God that’s over! Those lights were getting hot.” Sara didn’t even like pretending she and Jared were splitting up. Jared sensed her feelings.
As soon as he’d finished changing, he took her into his arms and looked deeply into her eyes. He slowly and gently pressed his lips to hers. “I will never, ever look at you like that again, no matter what they say. I felt so guilty.” Not only for that, but for other reasons too. He closed his eyes, severing the mental link. I’m sorry Donna. Even, if you’re who I think you are, I love Sara, and I won’t hurt her – not even for you….
Sara was near tears. She studied his eyes. “I didn’t like it either. The look in your eyes – it just – it felt real. Like you were leaving me.  I couldn’t take that.”
Jared held her close. “You won’t ever have to Sara. I’ll never leave you!” His mind briefly flashed back to one of his sketches, and he held her a little tighter. “No matter what - I promise,” he whispered. Sara felt better, but something he kept saying bothered her. 
Why did Jared keep tagging on those last few words? It were almost as if he was expecting something to happen to her. Is there something else he’s keeping from me? Does it have anything to do with the other pictures Myra told me about – the ones he won’t show me? He’ll tell me if he wants me to know – won’t he? He did say, No secrets….

Chapter 20
They finished up at the coliseum and headed back to Wisteria Hall. Sara had never been so glad to be home in all her life. She hated scratchy clothes, and those evening gowns made her feel as if she’d fallen into a patch of bull nettles. Jared laughed at how quickly she changed into her faded jeans and ragged t-shirt. He’d showered and changed too, but he was a little dressier than she was – he always was. 
The band sat outside on the patio, drinking iced tea and enjoying the sun. Steve and Carl only stayed a while before they went back home. Lucy hung around another couple of hours. She was just as surprised as Sara was that Kaye and James had agreed to come to their performance on Saturday night. 
Sara was both pleased and apprehensive at the same time. She was pleased that they finally were taking her music seriously, but apprehensive that her mother would corner her when they were alone. Kaye would use her blatant logic on Sara to try and convince her to either leave Jared, and go back to Lucy’s, or come home with her after the gig. Sara didn’t want to do either. She wanted to stay right where she was for the rest of her life – with Jared. 
Jared and Sara walked Lucy to her car. Lucy hugged them. “You better take care of my niece.”
Jared looked down at Sara and smiled. “With my last breath Lucy.”
She kissed Sara’s cheek and got in the car. “I love you Kid,” she said and drove off. 
Jared pulled Sara into his arms and kissed her. “What do you want to do now?” he asked, smiling wryly.
“You promise not to laugh?”
Jared rolled his eyes. “I’ll try, but you know me. If it’s funny, I’m going to laugh.”
Sara sighed. “I just want to do nothing.”
He raised an eyebrow. “Nothing? What do you mean by nothing?”
 “I want to take some music outside, and dance in the gazebo with you. I want to sit on the bench and talk about our future. I want us to go out to the pond, sit on the grass, have a picnic, and watch the ducks play.”
Jared grinned. “Doesn’t sound bad so far….”
Sara held up her hand. “Just wait. I’m not finished.”
Jared seductively kissed the side of Sara’s neck. “Then please, go on….”
“I want to sit, and have you hold me in your arms while we watch the sunset. I want to stay out here until the stars come out, and then lie on my back, and look up at them. Then I want you to take me up stairs, to our bedroom and make passionate love to me, all night long.”
Jared pressed his lips to the top of Sara’s head. “In that order?” he asked in his soft, rich and seductive voice as he ran his hands up and down her arms.
“Not necessarily,” Sara said, smiling into his eyes. “But I would like to do all of it.”
“All in one night?”
“Is that a problem?” she countered, pulling him closer.
“No, I’m just wondering how much time you’re devoting to the last part is all,” he said, tracing the outline of her chin with his finger.
“That depends on how long it takes to get through the first parts,” she smiled.
“Well, you might not be aware of this, but the gazebo is fitted with its own sound system. You might have noticed the mesh down the poles.”
“I thought they were air vents.”
“It’s a speaker system. The controls are under the bench. Stereo is not the only thing the gazebo has. It also has its own lighting system.”
“Really?” Sara asked with regard. Jared nodded. “Then that would mean we could be outside without any other lights on?” Jared nodded again. Sara smiled, “I like that, but Jared?”
“Hmm?”
“You said when you were renovating the house that you tried to keep it as near to its original state as possible.”
Jared grinned, embarrassed at being caught out. “Well, I did use some modern technology to make some things a little more convenient, but if you want me to – I’ll put it all back. It would mean getting rid of the Navajo room and the pool and, the.…”
Sara held up her hand. “Stop! Don’t you dare!”
Jared laughed. “So, do you want to dance?” he said skeptically as he put his arm around Sara’s waist, leading her back in the house. Sara nodded as they walked across the entrance hall, through the lounge to the kitchen. 
“That is, unless…” Sara teased.
Jared lifted an eyebrow as he turned to look at her. “Unless?”
Sara softly laughed. “Unless you don’t want to dance with me….”
Jared put his arm around her waist, lifted her off her feet and twirled her around so fast her head spun. “I will dance with you, anywhere, anytime, to any kind of music,” he smiled.
“Really?” Sara asked, teasing him again. “Any music?”
Jared chuckled. “Well, maybe not the rain dance and maybe not the sun dance.”
Sara laughed. “Why not those?”
“Well, one, I don’t particularly like dancing during a thunderstorm, and two, although I’m a doctor, in some things, I’m not masochistic.”
Sara narrowed her eyes and grinned. “Can you really make it rain by doing a dance?” 
Jared laughed, sat Sara on top of the counter, and kissed her. “Silly Sara,” he smiled, rubbing his hands together. “Now, what do you want to take on our picnic?”
------------
Steve held the door open for Lucy, and then got in himself. He switched on the radio and found a suitable country station.
Lucy sniffed and furrowed her brow. “Steve… are you… wearing cologne?”
“Ah – yeah – why?”
“It’s just odd. You normally don’t wear it.”
Steve sighed. “Yes I do. You just never noticed before,” he said as they pulled onto the main road.” You’re too busy trying to catch a Navajo brave. What is it about Louisiana women and Navajos? Are you just automatically programmed to be attracted to them? “Do you like it?” 
“It’s not bad,” she replied noncommittally. “So what are we doing, and where are we going?”
“I thought we’d grab some hotdogs, and go for a boat ride on Flag Lake. Is that all right with you?”
Lucy glanced at Steve. What’s going on here? He’s dressed in jeans and a real shirt, and for once, he doesn’t smell like motor oil…..
“Luce… is that all right with you? We could go to a movie instead, and then talk….”
“What – oh – no. Hotdogs, and ah – it sounds OK.”
------------
Jared stopped in front of the gazebo. “Can I just amend the order of your list slightly?”
“Sure, how do you want to amend it, I’m flexible,” Sara said.
“I have a feeling that tonight is going to be a special night. And, since you’re expecting me to make love to you for the rest of the night,” he said, taking Sara into his arms and kissing her passionately. “Which I have no problem with in the slightest. I want to use mood and atmosphere to my advantage,” he said, kissing her again.
Sara felt her knees going weak. “Ok, I can live with that. I put myself in your capable hands,” she said and kissed him back. Sara knew if they kept this up, they would be skipping to the last part of her request without further motivation, not that she needed any. From the way, he was kissing her, Jared didn’t need any either. 
They sat on the bench and had their picnic. Then they spend about an hour or longer at the pond. Sara wasn’t sure they were going to get past that point. The things Jared was doing to her body, she would have let him make love to her by the pond. As usual, Jared was determined, pulling away at just the right moment. He enjoyed leaving Sara breathless. He liked to tease her, and build up her expectation.
Jared led her back to the gazebo, and they started dancing. As he pulled Sara into his arms, and pressed the full length of his body against her, Sara knew they weren’t going to make it to the part about watching the stars. She was so dazed with desire, she was already seeing stars. If they held out until sunset, they would be pushing their luck.
------------
Steve rowed the boat out near the bank, under the edge of one of the towering cypress trees. He tied it to one of the lower limbs and turned to Lucy. “Is this spot good enough for you?”
“It’s fine Steve. So what did you want to talk about?”
“I don’t think I’m the one that needs to talk. Lucy, how are you going to deal with this thing with Jared?”
“There’s nothing to deal with Steve. I throw myself at the man’s feet, and he cleans his boots on me. He’d rather have my teenage niece.”
“Lucy, are you ever going to get over Jared?”
Lucy turned away, tears glossing her eyes. “I told you Steve. I have let him go.” Lucy started crying.
Steve carefully made his way over by Lucy and held her. She cried on his shoulder. “You mean Jared let you go Baby,” he said stroking her long blonde hair.
“I’m sorry Steve. Sometimes I just want to scream at him, and other times – what am I going to do?”
Steve sighed and rested his head on Lucy’s. “Luce… I could help you forget Jared if you’d just give me a chance….”
Lucy pulled back and studied his eyes. She furrowed her brow. “What are you saying Steve?”
Steve rolled his eyes. “Ah come on Honey. Do I have to spell it out for you? After all these years, haven’t you guessed?”
Lucy lowered her head. “Steve….”
“Look, Luce… I know you still love him, and I know it’s going to take time for you to get over that – I mean, now that you really don’t have a choice.”
“Steve – don’t….”
“Please – Lucy, just hear me out.” Lucy lifted her head and studied his eyes again.
“Lucy, all I’m asking you is for a chance. Just spend some time with me. Get to know me.”
Lucy chuckled. “Steve, I’ve been riding in your jeep for the last ten years. I think I know you.”
Steve sighed. “Lucy – you know what I mean. Get to know me,” he said, leaning his face closer.”
------------
To Sara’s surprise, when she thought she couldn’t handle it any longer, Jared picked her up and carried her back by the pond. He laid her on her back on the blanket they’d left there earlier. He kissed her. His lips coming down on hers, hard, warm, demanding. A kiss that said Jared wanted everything Sara had to offer and more. As much as Sara was enjoying herself, she actually did want to talk about their future.
“Jared,” she said, when he allowed her to breathe again.
“Mmm?” was the only response Sara got out of him.
“Where do you see our relationship going?”
He pulled back, staring down at her. “What do you mean?”
“Will we always be like this?”
Jared grinned, narrowing his eyes, a flash of mischief in them. “What do you think?”
“I’d like to think we will, but we’ve never really talked about that – you know, our future. Do we – have a future – together?”
Jared’s eyes dimmed from their natural golden glow. “I’m marrying you Sara. Do you doubt my feelings for you?”
“I’m still a little mystified with what happened in Arizona. How you changed, and ran from me.”
Jared groaned. “You ran from me!” he countered.
Sara swallowed hard. “I know, but I was scared Jared. I thought I was coming between you and your destiny. I don’t believe in that kind of thing, but you obviously do. I’d just like to know if there’s a possibility you’ll run again, or will things stay the way they are now.”
Jared sighed, rolling on to his back, hiding his eyes under his arm. Sara suspected it was because his eyes were changing to a crimson color. It happened when he got upset or agitated with her. It wasn’t clear, whether or not Jared was angry yet, but he was plainly getting agitated. Whether it was with her, or himself, Sara couldn’t be sure. She waited for his answer. 
“I shouldn’t have done that,” he finally said. “I thought we were past all that now.”
“Well, we are. It’s just that, we’ve not been very careful and I’d like to know, where I stand as far as – you know – that is concerned.”
Jared moved his arms off his eyes and stared at the stars. Sara was right. His eyes were glowing. In the dark, they looked like two glowing embers from a fireplace. “Are you frightened of the possibilities?”
“A little – I guess, but I’m ready for it – you know – the whole family thing.”
Jared’s eyes turned pure crimson. He balled his hand into a tight fist. He sighed, exasperated. “I think we should do something about that.”
Sara’s eyes must have said more than she’d intended them to. “Really?” 
Jared sighed deeply. “I think we need to get some kind of protection, so we don’t have any – accidents.”
That cut to the core. It wasn’t what Sara was expecting. “I see,” she said, sounding disappointed.
“Well, what did you think Sara? You’re still too young!”
Sara narrowed her eyes and furrowed her brow. “I am?” she asked, rhetorically. She hadn’t been expecting a response from Jared, and, it was a worthwhile thing too. He wasn’t prepared to give her one, but neither was Sara prepared to leave it either. “Well, when do you think I won’t be, as you put it, too young?” she asked cautiously, feeling Jared’s mood darkening.
Jared got up, and walked to the edge of the water, looking into the night. “I don’t know – someday – maybe.”
Sara stared up at his back for a long while. The evening was taking a turn, and she didn’t like its direction. Sara knew if she didn’t do something fast, the night would be ruined. Depending on how this conversation went, it could drive another wedge between them. One not easily removed.
------------
“Steve… what are you…?” Before she could say anything else, Steve’s lips touched hers. His kiss was warm and soft. Not rushed or demanding, but clearly not meant to be a friendly kiss. Lucy kissed him back.
Steve kissed the side of her neck and worked his way back to her lips. This time he deepened the kiss, pulling her closer to him. For a moment, Lucy was lost, her heart pounding, her head spinning. She suddenly pulled away, and moved to the other end of the boat, turning her back to Steve. “This was a mistake Steve. Why did you have to do that?” Tears streamed down Lucy’s cheeks.
Steve’s eyes filled with rejection. A lump quickly rose in his throat. He reached out to her. “Luce… I….”
Lucy didn’t know how to respond. What’s happening? What am I feeling? Why did this seem right? It shouldn’t feel this way. What am I doing?
“I think we should go back now. I’m not looking for charity Steve. Just because I can’t be with Jared….”
“Lucy – it’s not like that. I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have moved so fast. It’s just that – well – I’ve been – you were in my arms and I.” He groaned, exasperated with himself. “I’m botching this up really good. I didn’t want to hurt you. I want to help you.”
“What do you think you are Steve – the love doctor? Do you think I’m this love sick puppy who needs your special therapy? That I’m some kind of broken china doll, and you’re the glue to put me back together again? Do you honestly think you could compare to…?”
Steve’s eyes turned to ice. Is that what she thinks this is? That I don’t compare with her brave Navajo warrior? The mighty Jared! God – I’ve been such a fool. “You know what Lucy – you’re right. This was a mistake. I should have known my love wouldn’t be good enough for you. Forgive me for losing my heart for the last ten years to the wrong woman! Now, that you’ve set me straight, maybe I can move on!”
------------
Sara stood, walked behind Jared, and put her arms around his waist, resting her head against his back. “It doesn’t matter, not right now, anyway. We can talk about our future another time. You’ve given me everything on my list but that. I suppose I can let you by this time,” she said, turning him, wrapping her arms around his neck. “That is – if you don’t deny me anything else.”
Jared caressed the back of her head with his hand. “Sara, I don’t think we should be quite so, eager, until I can get you some contraceptives.” Jared’s tone was final. He wasn’t giving Sara a choice. He’d already decided not to take the risk. That hurt Sara, but it had some logic behind it. Still, there were other ways than the pill. 
“Jared, I hope you’re not suggesting I start taking birth control pills,” she said, a little more forceful than she’d intended. She’d read horror stories about women getting cancer, and not being able to conceive after taking the pill for an extended period. True, she didn’t want children right now, but she wanted to leave her options open for the future too.
“I don’t want you to use an IUD. There are too many risks with that too, and diaphragms are about as reliable as condoms. All in all, the pill is the safest, unless we consider a more permanent method. I could always get a vasectomy, and then we’d never have to worry.”
Sara was outraged. “What? Are you saying you never want to have a baby with me? And what if something happened to me and you remarried? Would that be fair to you, or her?”
Jared looked away and then back at Sara. His eyes were crimson, glowing with rage, cold and set. “I never said I didn’t want to have children with you. Sara you’re twisting my words, and making it harder on both of us. Besides, when something happens,” he paused and closed his eyes a second before finishing his statement, his voice calmer. “If anything happened to you – I wouldn’t even try to find somebody else. You’re my perfect match Sara. There will never be another, after you.”
“What do you mean?” Sara was trying to keep her anger in check. “Jared, it’s fantasy to think we can live our lives on the assumption that nothing will ever happen to either of us – it’s a fact – we live with it, and move on. If I died, trust me, you would find someone else. In fact, you could have your choice.” One person immediately comes to mind.
“No I wouldn’t! I don’t want anybody else. I don’t want to risk losing you, that’s all. Too many women die in childbirth, even today. I want you Sara, not a part of you, and not a memory that will fade over time.”
Jared pulled Sara close, holding her as if he were afraid she was going to disappear. “Sara, I’m not stupid. If there’s anyone who knows we can’t steer, or control our destiny – it’s me. And that’s the reason I’m going to do everything in my power to keep you as long as I can. Even if it means never having children with you. We could always adopt.”
“Jared, I don’t want to adopt a baby. I want your baby. Something that’s part of both of us. I don’t really want it right now, but someday. Don’t you want that?”
Jared stared into Sara’s eyes. “More than anything, but not enough to risk losing you! Don’t you understand what you mean to me? Do you have any idea how many long, lonely nights I’ve spent, wishing you were with me? Sara I used to go to sleep early and get up late, just for that tiny chance that you might visit me again in my dreams. And when you did, I didn’t want to wake up. I’d decided if that were the only place I could have you, I would have happily chosen to die in my sleep. Now that you’re here, in my arms. I would walk through the fires of Hell before I gave you up – even for a baby.”
“Jared, how many times have we made love already, without any protection?”
Jared groaned. “I never should have done that. I should have waited until we had protection, but you are so irresistible, dangerously irresistible,” he said, kissing her. “Dangerous to me, and dangerous to yourself. Still, I’m a doctor; I know the odds, I should have taken precautions. I’m sorry for putting your life at risk Sara.”
Sara laughed. “You’re making it sound like I didn’t have any part in this. I love you Jared. I wanted you, all of you. I didn’t want some imitation barrier between us – I still don’t, and I don’t want you to do something stupid, and make it so we’re never able to have children, or so you can’t ever have them with someone else if I died.”
Jared walked away from Sara, and started staring into open space again. Sara walked in front of him, determined to get to the bottom of this. “You’re not going to die,” he said through clenched teeth, his jaw tight, and his eyes like burning crimson orbs.
“Let me ask you something else. Suppose I’m pregnant already Jared. You feel so strongly against our having a baby, what do we do if we find out that I am pregnant?”
“If you are… we can stop it, before it’s too late.”
------------
Carl heard Steve’s jeep as it pulled into the drive way, and came to a screeching halt. Lucy couldn’t get the door open fast enough. She was almost to the end of his driveway before he groaned, slammed his arms against the steering wheel, and ran after her. He grabbed her arm. “Lucy, stop! Please.”
“Let go of me Steve!” Lucy’s eyes were wide. She fought bitter tears.
“No – I’m not going to let go until you listen to me.”
“Steve - I said - let go of me.”
“On one condition. You let me apologize.”
“There’s nothing to apologize for. Just let go of me, and let me go home.”
“Lucy, do you feel anything for me?”
“I did – we were good friends. I depended on you. I could talk to you when I couldn’t talk to anybody else. Now you’ve destroyed all of that. And why now Steve? Just when ‘Raging Storm’ was about to go somewhere. Why did you choose now to reveal this pining love you’ve had for me for the last ten years? How did you expect I would react Steve?”
Steve sighed and rolled his eyes. Ah screw this! He crushed his lips to hers, kissing her. Holding her until she stopped fighting him, and started kissing him back. It wasn’t as it had been before. This kiss was demanding and full of passion. All of a sudden, Lucy realized she was doing it again. She pulled back, pushing away from him.
Steve narrowed his eyes and grinned. “Now – go home! And when you think Jared is the only man good enough for you – remember that!”
Lucy stared at him for a few seconds, tightened her jaw, and slapped him hard across the cheek. “Bastard!” she spat and stormed across the street.
“No Lucy. I’m not a bastard. I’m a crazy bastard!” he yelled back and stormed in the house.
Carl was sitting on the couch, watching a late movie. “How did it go – did you tell her?”
Steve stormed to the kitchen. He went to the cabinet, took out a bottle of Jack Daniels, and filled a tumbler.
Carl stood at the door.
Steve gulped down a third of his drink and refilled it. “Yeah – I fucking told her.” He took another giant gulp and kicked the snack bar. “Shit! Damn! Fuck!”
Carl grimaced. “I guess it didn’t turn out the way you’d planned….”
Steve glared at Carl, nursing his throbbing foot. “Don’t fucking ask!”
------------
Sara stared at him in disbelief, stinging tears dimming her eyes. “What did you just say?” Sara’s voice was almost a whisper. “Did you just say you would ask me to…?” Sara couldn’t even bear to say the words. If Jared found out she was carrying his child, he was going to ask her to get an abortion. He would just stop it; make it go away as though it never happened? She didn’t know what to think she was so angry and hurt. Sara could never take an innocent life. “I won’t do it, Jared. I’ll run away; I’ll leave! I won’t let you do that!”
“Sara, we’ll do a test to make sure, and then we’ll get you started on the pill. Despite what some people may believe; it’s not that easy for a woman to conceive a child.”
“No, but it is possible!” Sara argued.
“Yes!” he sighed, sounding exasperated. “Yes Sara - it is possible, but not probable.” He pulled her into his arms and held her close again. 
When Jared said he would take precautions, Sara wasn’t sure what he meant until he made love to her that night. There was something different. He pleasured her, but he’d kept his own passions at bay. It left Sara feeling cheated that he hadn’t got as much satisfaction as she had. 
Jared lay on his back, and positioned her head on his shoulder, wrapping his arms around her. Despite how frustrated Jared might be, he was determined they were going to sleep now. Why? Why was he holding back? Sara drifted off to sleep with that question floating around in her head.

Chapter 21
Sara got up the next morning and put on her robe as usual. Jared roused, yawned and sat up in bed. “Where are you going?”
Sara lifted her eyebrow. “The bathroom – is that ok with you?”
“No!” Jared said, jumping up and throwing on his jeans and t-shirt he’d had on last night. “Are you desperate?”
“No, but I do need to go.”
“Then just wait, I’ll be right back. Don’t go to the bathroom until I get back,” he said, kissed her cheek and darted downstairs.
Sara sat on the side of the bed, dazed as she tried to comprehend what just happened. Why can’t I go to the bathroom? Then it dawned on her. Their conversation from last night. Jared was serious. He’d no doubt hurried off to the local drug store to buy an EPT. He could have had her tested at his office, but he wasn’t willing to wait.
Trying to keep her mind off her full bladder, Sara went ahead and got dressed, and waited for Jared to get back. Twenty minutes later, when he finally came back in the bedroom, Sara was getting desperate. She wasn’t used to abstaining like that. “Here,” he said, handing Sara a small white paper bag with the Rx symbol on it. She was right. He’d gone to the drugstore.
Sara took the bag and opened it with mild curiosity. She looked at him dubiously. “Jared, I don’t want to do this!” She shoved the bag back to him. 
Jared pushed it back to her. “Sara, please, we have to know for sure.”
Sara rolled her eyes and sighed as she reached in the bag. “I don’t even know how to use it Jared.” She stared at the obtrusive box, pulled out another small round box, read the label on it and jerked her head up.
Jared smiled. “I went ahead and wrote you a prescription for contraceptives. As to how to use the EPT, it’s easy. Thirty-minutes and it will be over. Just read the instructions.”
In half an hour we might be over. “Jared, how do you know this will even work?” Sara stalled. She wasn’t afraid of doing the test. She was afraid of what the result might be, and what would happen if it were positive.
“Are you talking about the pills or the EPT?”
Sara started pacing, trying to control another spasm from her still full bladder. She was beginning to do a little dance. “Both, for that fact….”
“Trust me Sara,” he cooed, knowing just how to make her give in. “They both work. I prescribe them all the time to my patients. Do you want me to come help you?”
“I do not!” Sara was shocked at the idea. “I might be a stupid country hick, but I think I can read instructions!” Sara whirled and headed to the bathroom. As she closed the door, she could hear Jared’s laughter at her hasty exit. 
Sara read the instructions, did the test and left it on the back of the commode. They would check the results later. Sara hoped it would finally put an end to Jared’s obsession about not getting her pregnant. 
She began to think about how insistent Jared had been about going in the bathroom with her while she did the test. Was it because he didn’t trust her? Did he think she would actually lie to him the way he had to her?
------------
When Sara walked back in the bedroom, Jared was sitting, cross-legged, on top of the covers, in the middle of the bed, reading his mail. Sara sat next to him. She motioned to the pile of mail in front of him. “Anything interesting?”
“Yes,” he said, handing her an envelope. “Your credit card is here.”
“My credit card?”
He smiled. “Yeah, I went ahead and ordered you one when you moved in with me. It has a $25,000.00 limit on it, but I think it will be enough for you. If you need more, I can arrange that too.”
Sara stared at the black credit card in her hand as she tried to grasp the figure he’d just told her. Why would she possibly need more than $25,000.00? The only thing she could think of to say, was, “Thanks.” Is Jared trying to buy me now? Does he think he can control me with his money? Does he think I’ll forget about everything he doesn’t want me to think about if he throws enough money at me?
“No problem.” Jared smiled, and continued opening his mail. “Super! The draft for the brochure is here. They’ve sent a copy of the proofs for us to ok. If we like the layout of the brochure, we’re to do nothing, and they’ll go ahead with it. If there’s anything we want to change, they want us to let them know by tomorrow.”
“Wow! That fast,” Sara said, half-heartedly. “I thought it would take a little longer for them to get it processed.”
“Well, the speed at which they got it done had something to do with the fact that we were gone, when they originally requested us to do the photo shoot.”
“Ah,” Sara said, knowingly. “That would make a difference.”
Jared started combing through his hair, his back to Sara. “So how are you feeling this morning?” He softly chuckled. “You were pretty upset with me last night.”
“Other than throwing my toenails up and having an extreme craving for sardines and pickles, covered in chocolate sauce, while you were gone – I’m good.”
------------
Lucy got up, got ready, and sat down to an empty breakfast table. She stared at her cereal, pushing the raisins around her bowl until the bran flakes were nothing but mush. She didn’t have an appetite. She couldn’t stop thinking about Steve, and how last night had ended. Had she made a terrible mistake? Did she have feelings for Steve, and was just too proud to admit it? Or, was she still hanging on to a thin thread of hope that Jared and Sara might somehow break up.
She glanced at her watch. “Forty minutes before I have to be at work! What in the hell am I doing? My job is five minutes away! Why am I sitting here staring at a bowl of soggy Raisin Bran that I don’t even want? Do I have feelings for Steve? Am I using Jared as an excuse to push Steve away? Because now that Jared is not available, is that why I’m pushing Steve away? Is that what I really want? Lucy – you may very well have made the mistake of your life!”
------------
Jared’s eyes turned crimson. Sara knew two things would make them change that fast, and she doubted sexual arousal had anything to do with it. He whirled, face white with fear. Despite the number of times she’d seen them change color; it still frightened Sara when they turned red. It reminded her of what Myra had said about not getting on Jared’s bad side. “What?” 
His pale skin and crimson eyes made Jared look remarkably like a vampire. Sara took a step backwards, “I’m just kidding Jared. I’m fine. I still don’t agree with you, but I’m ok.”
Jared breathed a sigh of relief. His eyes slowly started changing to their original color, but his voice was still tense, agitated. “Don’t do that Sara!”
“Sorry,” Sara said. “It’s just a joke Jared.”
“It’s not funny Sara,” he groaned.
Sara laughed. “Well, it was funny until you tried to blind me with your eyes.”
“Have you checked the results yet?” His tone hadn’t changed. It was still hard and indifferent.
Sara glanced at her wristwatch. “No, but it’s been about half an hour.  I’ll go see now,” she said, heading for the bathroom.
Jared took her hand, “We’ll both go.” 
“You don’t trust me. Do you Jared?”
Jared snorted. “Don’t be silly Sara. Of course, I trust you. I just thought it might be better if we did this together, that’s all.” He kissed her temple to lighten her mood.
They walked in the bathroom, and Sara reached for the probe. She thrust it at Jared. “Since you’re the one that’s so interested in the result – you look at it!” Now he’s starting to treat me like a child!
“All right,” he said taking it. He closed his eyes, took a deep breath, swallowed, and then opened his eyes. Sara turned away, determined not to be a part of this. Jared sighed, “It’s negative, thank God!” he said jubilantly. “We’re ok. You’ll need to start taking those pills now, and until the pills take effect, we’ll just have to be very careful.”
“So,” Sara said, throwing the galling thing in the waste basket by the tub. “Can life get back to normal now?” Sara wasn’t disappointed with the results, but she was disappointed at how happy he seemed to be. If the results had been positive, Sara could have learned to live with it. The question was, could Jared?
“Yes, it can,” he said, leaning down to kiss her. 
“Good,” Sara said and moved away. “So what do we do today, then?”
“Don’t you think we ought to get some extra practice sessions in while we can? The gig is awfully close,” he replied.
“Sure, but what about Lucy? Isn’t she working today?” Sara countered.
“Oh, darn! That’s right – she is. Well, there’s nothing to stop the rest of us.”
Sara sighed. “No, I don’t suppose there is….”
Halfway down the stairs, Jared’s cell rang. He looked at the display and put the phone to his ear. “Hi Mom, what’s up?” Jared sounded cheerful.
Sara tapped Jared’s shoulder. “Tell her, I said hi.”
“Sara says hi and sends her love. How are things?” He listened intently. His eyes turned red, and his face flushed with anger. “What? He can’t do that!”
Sara furrowed her brow, questioning him with her eyes.
Jared waved her off, concentrating on the phone call. “So what does he plan to do about it? Surely, he’s not giving up that easy…? Thank goodness for that! He shouldn’t even have to ask Seth!” Jared listened again.  “Yeah, we’re still planning on coming back down as soon as the gig is out of the way. Tell Dad, he has my full support on whatever he decides. All right…. I will…. See you soon, Mom.” He ended the call.
“What is it Jared? Is there something wrong with your father? Mother? Myra?” Sara bombarded him with questions so fast he shook his head.
------------
Steve was awakened to what sounded like a jet airplane, crashing through the living room. Then there was a horrible pounding thud, and cracking sound like a wrecking ball going through a sheet of glass. 
He groaned and rolled over on his back. A Bad mistake. A beam of supernova blasted through a tear in the universe, and nearly burned out his eyes before he could get them shut. He whirled over, flinging his foot and smashing it against the bottom of the bed.
 “Shit!” He realized it was the morning sun, flashing through a tiny gap in his drapes. If the window hadn’t been on the other side of the world – across the room - about six feet away, Steve would have gotten up and closed it. 
Steve slowly sat up on the side of the bed. His stomach felt like a rumbling volcano, threatening to erupt at any second. He glanced at his bathroom door – judging the distance in case he had to make a run for it. What the fuck is wrong with me? What’s wrong with my damn foot?
It was at that time his pounding head, and throbbing foot reminded him. After he’d had a kicking match with the snack bar – it won – he’d finished the last of the Jack Daniels. Not quite half a bottle. To ease the pain of his damaged ego, and drown a painful memory, he’d taken well over ten shots of Jose Cuervo. “Now why in the hell would I – oh yeah – Lucy.”
Last night, he’d decided to declare his undying love to her, and it went straight south. How could he possibly think he would ever be able to compete with Jared? He was nothing but a grease monkey, drum playing misfit. He didn’t have a large fancy mansion, or a flashy new BMW sitting in his garage. Hell, his garage was crammed full of motor parts and beer bottles, and he didn’t even own his own home. Well, not entirely. It belonged to him and his older brother Carl. “Give it up Steve,” he moaned as he stepped out of the shower.
After he’d dressed, he carefully made his way into the kitchen. For once, the smell of frying bacon smelt more like a wet dog. Carl sat the tower of pancakes on the table and looked up. “Man – you look like….”
Steve held up his hand. “Yeah, and I feel like it too,” he interjected as he ambled to the coffee pot. “How can you call yourself a brother, and let me do what I did last night?”
“Hey, when somebody tries to use their foot as a wrecking ball – brother or no brother – I get the hell out of the way.”
Steve gingerly sipped his mug of black coffee. “I wasn’t talking about that.”
Carl’s eyes lit. “Oh… you mean Lucy. Steve, I told you before you did it, how she was likely to react.”
“Yeah, but she kissed me back – both times! When we were out on the lake, I thought maybe. But then she turned away. Then when we got back home, I don’t know, I guess I lost it. She was rattling on to me, about how stupid I was for waiting this long to tell her. I just grabbed her and kissed her again.”
“What happened then?”
“She slapped the shit out of me and stormed across the street. She’ll probably never speak to me again.”
Carl sighed and sat to the table. He started piling pancakes and bacon on his plate. “Telling her this close to a gig was not a good idea either little brother.”
“Yeah, I know. Jared is gonna blow a gasket, and I’ve probably fucked things up for the rest of the band. What if Lucy won’t play with us anymore? Poor Sara – I’m such an asshole! What am I gonna do?”
Carl shoved his mouth full of food. Steve waited for him to answer. Carl took a sip of coffee, and then looked at Steve. “I’d say you’d better get yourself over there, and try to patch things up with her.”
Steve jerked his head up. “What? I can’t talk to her, not after what I did last night. That little wildcat has got one hell of a temper.”
“Do you still love her?”
“Well – yeah – I do – but….”
Carl finished his breakfast. “Then get over there and do something about it.”
“She doesn’t want me. She wants Jared – as always.”
“But Jared is engaged to marry Sara – her niece. Steve… Lucy is never going to be with Jared. He’s obsessively in love with Sara. That was his grandmother’s ring on her finger. We both know what that means. Lucy is just going to have to realize her chance with Jared ended the day Sara pulled into her drive – maybe even before then.”
“I know Carl! I know – but try telling Lucy that. She doesn’t love me, and she never will. I’m the idiot here.”
“Steve… you were the one that introduced them.”
Steve sighed deeply and poured another cup of black coffee. He turned. “Like I said. I’m the idiot here.”
------------
“Calm down, Sara. There’s nothing wrong with Dad. Mother is fine, and so is Myra. Dad approached Seth about what we talked about when we were in Arizona. Seth is being, I guess the best word to describe it is, mean.”
“How so?”
“I don’t know the whole story. All I know is that he’s trying to prevent my father from calling a Council hearing on our family’s behalf.”
Sara furrowed her brow, shaking her head in disbelief. “Can he do that? Can he stop your father from addressing the Council?”
“It would depend on how much my father is willing to risk. Seth, being the head of the Council, has a lot of power, but he doesn’t rule absolutely.”
“Then what did you mean by what you said?”
He sat at the bottom of the stairs. Sara sat beside him. “Well, Seth might try something underhanded. If he can get enough members of the Council on his side….”
“Then we’ve got to go back Jared,” Sara urged.
“I will not go back until the gig is over, and we’ve settled some things here Sara. This is too important. But we’ll go back, soon. I know how much you love it there, and I want to be there for my parents, but we’ve got a life of our own to attend to first.”
Jared stood and sighed. “Do you mind if we don’t practice? I don’t feel like singing, right now. I think I’d rather go for a ride on the bike instead.”
“No, I don’t mind. Let me run back upstairs and put my hair up, so it doesn’t get tangled,” Sara said, heading back up the stairs. 
“You don’t have to go with me,” Jared called out. 
Sara stopped dead in her tracks, her hand resting on the rail. “You don’t want me to go with you?” Sara countered, afraid of how he might answer.
Jared walked over to her and held her. “Don’t be silly. I always want you with me. I’m afraid I won’t be very good company though.”
“I’m not just here for the good times Jared,” Sara smiled, touching his cheek.
Jared half smiled. “In that case,” he said swatting Sara’s butt. “Get up there and get your hair done Squaw!” he said, joking.
Sara gave him a dirty look and hurried up the stairs. Using the mirror, she quickly French braided her hair, making sure it had plenty of hairpins holding the shorter pieces in place. She checked her appearance and dashed down stairs, excited now. Sara actually enjoyed riding with Jared. 
The wind felt good in her face as they flew down the narrowly winding blacktop. Sara didn’t recognize where they were, nor did she know where he was taking her. It really didn’t matter.
------------
The ride seemed to be doing both of them some good. When Sara first crawled on the bike and wrapped her arms around Jared’s waist, it felt as if she were hugging a tree. His muscles were so tense and anxious. Now, she could feel him starting to relax. Sara felt better too. For the moment, she’d pushed the whole episode they’d had earlier to the back of her mind. Instead, of focusing her attention on future events, she probably couldn’t control anyway; Sara concentrated on here and now. That was all that truly mattered anyway – wasn’t it?
Jared started down another untraveled route. He began meandering through tall bushes and small trees. Sara wondered how many of these off-road hideaways Jared knew, and how much time he’d devoted to finding them. Was it because of her, or was it because deep down, Jared enjoyed his solitude. He’d spent most of his life, living in a dream. Had it become a habit for him? Maybe she shouldn’t have come with him. Maybe Jared was too polite to say that he wanted to be alone. 
They’d been twisting and turning and bouncing around for so long, Sara was starting to suffer from mild motion sickness. At last, there was a break in the thicket, and they stopped on the banks of an obscured lake with tall reeds and cattails all around the edge of the water. The whole place was shaded with giant cypress trees adorned with long trails of Spanish moss. Mingled among the moss were spackles of yellow jasmine, and honeysuckle. The breeze was tranquil and filled with a sweet fragrance.
Jared stopped the bike, pulled off his helmet and hung it on the handlebar. Then he held out his hand to Sara. She took off her helmet and hung it over the other handlebar. Jared opened his side saddlebag and took out another elaborately hand-woven blanket, his sketchpad and pastels. He spread the blanket on the ground under one of the huge trees.
Sara watched him as he went back to the bike, opening the other saddlebag, and produced a medium-sized, ice chest. He brought it back and sat it on the ground next to the blanket.
Sara motioned to the blanket. “When did you do this?” She expected him to take his art supplies.  They seemed to be his natural alternative to a digital camera. Sara didn’t need a digital camera when she was with Jared. His talent spoke for itself. He didn’t need a camera to record memories. He could create them with his own hands – better than photos. “I was only gone a few minutes. When did you find time to pack all this?”
Jared chuckled. “I only packed the food and grabbed my pastels Angel. The blanket stays in my saddlebag.”
“So you do this often? Ride off like this?”
Jared smiled. “Yes.” He took Sara’s hand and led her to the edge of the water. He put his arms around her shoulders, and pressed his cheek next to hers, his lips close to her ear. “If you lean out just a little bit, and look back there,” he said, pointing. “There’s a wolf’s den.”
Sara’s eyes widened. Her throat went dry with fear. “What?” she gasped.
Jared chuckled again. “Easy,” he whispered in his deep soothing voice. “You’ll scare her. Don’t worry, she won’t bother us. She’s as afraid of you as you are of her.”
“And she won’t come around the lake?”
Jared smiled again. “No, Sara. She doesn’t seem to mind my being here as long as I keep my distance. If I try to approach her, she takes her cubs and runs off, but she always comes back. I think she’s a loner, maybe a reject, or past Alpha female.”
“That’s so sad,” Sara whispered.”
“She probably wasn’t alone to begin with. Normally, wolves run in packs or pairs, if they’re looking for their own territory, but on rare occasions, older wolves have been known to break away from the pack, when threatened by the younger more dominate pack members. Probably, what’s happened is her mate has died, or been killed, and she’s been left to care for the pups on her own.”
“How did you find her?”
He softly laughed, “By accident. I was riding around looking for new scenes to sketch, when I found this site. I didn’t realize it had tenants. We kind of had a common fright experience. I don’t know who was more afraid, me of her, or her of me. Whatever the case may have been, we both ran in opposite directions. I got on my bike and left immediately. This place was so picturesque, and I wanted to sketch it so bad, I decided I wasn’t going to have a single wolf keep me away. So, the next time I came back, I brought my pistol, which stays in my saddlebag, just in case. Knowing a little about wolf behavior, I wasn’t expecting her to be here, but she was, and this time she was more aggressive. She challenged me.”
Sara’s eyes widened. “So what happened then?”
Jared closed his eyes, to get a clearer memory. “When she heard me, she came out and stood at the mouth of her den, braced for conflict, growling and baring her teeth at me. Fearing she might decide to charge, I very slowly removed my pistol and took a dead-aim. I most certainly would have killed her if I’d fired. She turned her head back toward the den, and that’s when I’d realized why she’d been behaving aggressively. She wasn’t a lone wolf. She was a mother. A mother protecting her young. I started trying to talk to her, putting my gun away, showing her I meant her no harm. Oddly enough, she seemed to understand, and went back in her den with her cubs.”
 “How long ago did you find her?”
“A couple of months. Her pups will be… judging by their size, and how long I’ve been coming here, about two, maybe three months old now.”
“And you’ve been sketching them all this time?”
Jared smiled. “Yeah. I didn’t show you the sketches with the other ones?” He acted as though it had slipped his mind.
“No,” Sara replied. Should I ask? “I’d like to see them. If you still have them.”
“Oh, I’ve still got them all right. They’re among my favorites. I kept them close to the ones of you. I honestly thought I had shown them to you. They must be in the other portfolio with the other….” Jared stopped midsentence and quickly changed his mind. “Older ones I have in the attic. Cassie is always moving things around without telling me,” he smiled, trying to complete the distraction, hoping Sara hadn’t caught on – but she had. Jared was keeping something from her. A secret so guarded, and maybe so crucial that he felt he had to lie to her. What, she wondered. Sara didn’t like secrets. They usually led to tears, and some even to goodbye.
“Jared?” she said, making his name a question as she carefully approached the subject. “All these, secret little hideaways you’ve found,” she said, turning to face him, so she could see his eyes. Jared might say one thing, but if she happened to be looking at him, he couldn’t lie to her, he’d look away. He waited for Sara to finish. “Have you always come here, alone?”
“Yes.” 
“You’ve never brought another girl to any of these hideaways?”
He studied her eyes, afraid that she might wander through his closet of secrets. “No – just you….”
“Why?”
“These places are secret, special, mine. I’ve never had anyone I wanted to share them with – till you,” he smiled and ran his finger along the side of her neck. Sara softly laughed. “You’ve walked where angels fear to tread. You know me – all of me. You’ve seen in the dark abyss of my worst parts. I’ve hidden nothing from you Sara.”
Sara stared into his eyes for a few seconds, trying to judge what he was saying. Either he was telling her the truth, or he was getting better at lying. He seemed sincere. “Nothing?” Then Jared failed the test. He shut his eyes for a split second, breaking Sara’s gaze before opening them and looking back at her.
Jared lifted her chin and moved his face closer. “Nothing,” he breathed against her lips and kissed her. His plan had worked. He’d successfully managed to confound Sara’s head. He’d made her forget how to breathe. No matter how many times he kissed her, Sara knew she would never get past this effect he had on her.

Chapter 22
Sara paced the room like a caged animal. Sat in the big armchair, Jared watched her with wary eyes. He had tolerated Sara’s behavior, but after an hour or so, it became unbearable. As she walked past him, he reached out with the speed of a rattlesnake, grabbed her, and pulled her to his lap. He was getting exasperated. “Stop! Honey, Angel, it’s your parents, not a lynching party. Calm down.” He laid his ear against her chest. “Your heart is racing Sara. If you don’t settle down, I’m going to give you a tranquilizer!”
“I’m sorry. I’m just so keyed up. I’m not sure I can do this Jared. It feels like I’ve got ants crawling through my veins.”
“You’re just nervous, and afraid your parents aren’t going to accept me.”
Sara laughed sarcastically and got back up. “That’s an understatement. It’s hard enough, knowing I’ve got to get up in front of all those strangers tonight. Now, thanks to your casual invite, my parents are going to be staying with my Navajo fiancé and me, for the entire weekend. I’m a nervous wreck!”
Jared got up, grabbed her again, and kissed her passionately. Sara fought him for a few seconds, knowing what he was trying to do. But Jared was relentless. He knew she couldn’t resist him long – he was right. After another few seconds, and then four little words breathed in her ear, Sara’s head was fuzzy. He could have done anything to her he wanted to.
Jared pulled away and studied Sara’s eyes, smiling as he stroked the side of her head. “Better?” Sara nodded, and he pulled her into another embrace. “Sara, Angel, you’re getting all upset for nothing. It doesn’t matter to me if you’re family accepts me or not. There’s nothing on this Earth that will ever make me give you up. Ok?” 
The doorbell rang, and Sara jumped, tensed again and ready to run. Jared held her as she automatically started for the door. “Gerald will get that. Come on,” he said, leading her by the hand. “Sit with me on the couch and wait.”
“Your guests have arrived, Sir.” Gerald quickly disappeared.
Jared and Sara stood. Sara hugged Kaye. “Hi Mom.”
“Hi Honey. I’m so glad to see you. I’ve been so worried,” she said, glancing at Jared. 
James held out his arms and wrapped Sara in them like a warm blanket. “Hi Precious,” he said and kissed her cheek.
“I love you Dad,” she whispered. Sara stood between her parents, resting her arm on their shoulders. “Jared, this is my mother, Kaye, and my father, James. Mom, Dad, this is Jared.”
Jared shook Kaye’s hand and smiled. “Pleased to meet you Mr. and Mrs. Foster.”
Kaye acknowledged him curtly, scrutinizing him with her suspicious glare. “Jared….” It didn’t seem to bother Jared.
James gave Jared a firm handshake. “Jared, it’s nice to meet you at last.”
“Likewise Sir. Please,” he motioned with his hand, “have a seat. I’ll have Gerald get you something to drink. What would you like?”
James glanced at Kaye. “Coffee would be nice.”
“Mrs. Foster?”
“No thank you,” she answered in her most polite, rude tone.
Sara drew in a deep breath. At least, it appeared James accepted Jared. It was obvious, Kaye wanted Jared to disappear. Jared had assured Sara that would never happen. He and Sara were together now, forever. Kaye would have to get used to the idea.
------------
The rest of the morning passed quickly. Jared and James talked about sports, the weather, politics and even religion while Sara was grilled by Kaye out in the back yard. “Sara, does this man plan on marrying you? Is that blue thing on your finger – an engagement ring?”
Sara’s eyes widened. She’d forgotten all about Mikah’s ring. “Oh, mother, please,” Sara said, rolling her eyes toward the sky. “Yes Mother – it’s an engagement ring, and yes, he’s going to marry me.”
“When?”
“I don’t know! We’re not in a rush!”
“Oh, I see… so you think because you’re engaged you can just sleep with him now? Sara… the way you’re living is not right. It was not the way I raised you; shacking up with a perfect stranger like this, running off to Arizona – what’s wrong with you?”
“Mother, can’t we just have a nice weekend without all this? Can’t you just, for once, realize I’m not a little girl anymore, and trust that I know what I want, and I know what I’m doing?” Sara’s tone was harsher than she’d intended it to be, but Kaye was getting on Sara’s nerves. She did most of the time.
Kaye threw her hands up. “Sure Sara, I can leave you alone. I can let you do whatever you want to. Do you have no more respect for me or your father than to rebel against everything we’ve ever taught you?”
Sara was near tears, she turned away. “I’m not doing this with you Mother! I’ve got too much on my mind right now. I have a performance tonight, in a strange place that could house up to ten thousand people, and I’m so nervous I could throw up. I don’t need this! Jared and the rest of the band are counting on me, and I can’t – no – I won’t let them down. So, could we just postpone the grilling until after the concert, or better still, after the weekend?”
Kaye stared at Sara over the top of her glasses with foreign eyes.  Sara met her gaze with confidence she wasn’t aware she possessed. For a long time, they stared each other down. Finally, Kaye sighed. “All right Sara. Have it your way. It’s your life, but until you either leave, or marry this man, don’t expect my blessing. Do not bring him to my house until he’s changed your last name – understood?”
Kaye’s tone was venomous, and her words cut like a knife. She was forcing Sara to choose between her and Jared. The man she loved. Sara’s eyes filled with tears. How dare she force me to choose between them? It’s not fair. Sara knelt in front of Kaye and took both her hands. “Mother, don’t do this, please. I love Jared, more than you could ever know.”
“Good, I’m happy for you,” Kaye replied curtly. Sara knew Kaye’s words weren’t sincere, she was mocking Sara. She wasn’t going to budge, but neither was Sara.  For once, she was as determined as Kaye was!
“Well, can we at least get through this weekend?”
“Of course…your father and I will be going back to our hotel shortly, and as soon as the performance is over – we’ll go away, and leave you to get on with your sinful ways. After all, it is your choice.” Kaye stood, and went back inside.
------------
“James – we’re leaving!”
James and Jared stood. Jared was staggered. “Leaving? I thought you were spending the weekend with us….”
Kaye glowered at Jared. “I wouldn’t stay with you if the world was ending, and this house was the last safe place on Earth. Don’t think because you’ve put a ring on her finger, that excuses you from normal Christian behavior! I did not raise my daughter to shack up with a savage!”
James gasped. “Kaye!”
Kaye turned her murderous stare on James. “You do not want to go there! I’ll wait for you in the car. If you’re not there in five minutes, I’m leaving without you!”
Jared took Kaye’s wrist. Kaye glanced down at it and back into Jared’s eyes. Jared felt his anger rising. He quickly let go of her hand, and shut his eyes. “Leave Mrs. Foster – leave now!”
“I don’t need you to tell me!” She spat at him. “Two minutes now James! Be there or walk!” She stormed toward the door. Out of nowhere, Gerald appeared, and held it open. He bowed slightly. Kaye brushed past him and went straight to the car. 
James stood with his mouth gaped. “You and Sara are getting married?”
Jared took a deep breath and turned – his eyes now their normal color. “Yes Sir, Mr. Foster, but if you feel the same way as Mrs.....”
James sighed and held out his hand. “No Son – I don’t. I don’t feel the same, and I don’t understand this hatred Kaye has for all Native Americans – especially Navajo. My daughter seems happy. If she’s happy with you, that’s good enough for me. I trust my daughter’s judgment – I always have. Kaye thinks she’s too immature – but she’s not.”
Jared sighed and smiled. “No Sir – she’s not. Tonight was very important to her, and she had hoped her mother would be there.”
James drew in a deep sigh and forced it out. “I doubt she will, Jared. Sometimes I wonder why I put up with it – especially now that Sara’s all grown up.”
Jared chuckled. “Probably the same reason I deal with Sara’s mood swings and temper. Because you love her.”
James smiled. “Yeah – I guess you’re right. But sometimes… it still makes me wonder. Look, I’d better go before she carries out her threat, and I have to call a taxi. Welcome to the family Jared – such as it is,” he chuckled. “Kaye may not come to the performance tonight – but I will, unless I end up in a pine box before it starts.”
Jared sat back on the couch, exasperated. Trying to figure out how he was going to break the news to Sara. Between now and curtain time, he had to find a way to calm her. He decided he wouldn’t jump to conclusions, and hope James managed to convince Kaye to come. It would be a miracle if he did, but if he told Sara now….
------------
Sara stood there for a few minutes, fighting angry tears. Kaye was being unreasonable as usual. Scared of what Kaye might say to Jared, she hurried inside. Fearful, despite what he said about not needing Kaye’s acceptance; that she might say something to offend him. Jared may come to realize Sara wasn’t worth the drama. Sara couldn’t live with that, not even if it meant never seeing her mother or her father again.
When Sara got back in the lounge, Jared was sitting alone. Sara was half expecting this, but she was still disappointed. “Where are Mom and Dad?”
Jared’s tone was dry. “Gone. I was wrong about your mother. Please forgive me for saying this, but she is a bitch.”
Sara smiled. “I tried to tell you.”
“I can’t understand how she can be so callous and so… so…,” he groaned as he ran his hand through his dark hair. “I’ve never come across anybody with such a closed mind.”
Sara sat on the couch beside him. “Well, at least your parents accept me.”
Jared slid closer, and gathered her in his arms, kissing her. “What did you and she talk about?”
“We didn’t. She yelled. I listened.”
“She wasn’t even glad to see you or anything? She seemed so much nicer when they first got here.”
“That was to your face. She was just waiting for an opportunity to pounce on me. You’ll never believe what she told me.”
Jared kissed her hair. “What’s that?”
“She said, until you either married me or I left... she said I couldn’t bring you to her house. She called me a harlot. She was so mean and hateful. I knew bringing her here was a mistake. She never planned to stay with us.”
“I know. She said they had a hotel room.”
“Did she say whether or not they were coming to the concert?”
“I gave them the tickets and told them how to get to the coliseum. At least I’ve done my part. Your father is ok. I think he and I could get along quite well, your mother… that’s a different story.”
He took Sara’s hand and stood, “Let’s go upstairs and take a nap. We’ll need to start getting ready for the gig, soon. I think a nap will do us both good….”
------------
Sara and Jared took a hot shower and slept for a couple of hours. Sara felt better when they got up; apart from the fact the butterflies in her stomach were back, and they’d brought company.
Steve and Carl came over and brought Lucy with them. But, for some reason, Steve and Lucy weren’t as chummy. They hardly looked at each other, and when they spoke it was short and sweet. Jared and Sara couldn’t help but notice.
After the performance, Jared had planned on taking everyone out to celebrate, but now it looked like Kaye and James might not be there. Thanks to Kaye’s stubborn and prejudiced ways, James would be lucky if he convinced her to come to the concert – let along having a meal with them.
Jared decided before leaving for the coliseum, they’d get in one last practice session. Time ticked on. The closer to time to leave, the more nervous Sara got. She was up on her feet and pacing again. Lucy followed her with her eyes. “I heard things didn’t go well with your mother….” 
“Did you expect it to?”
Lucy laughed. “Not really. I hope you prepped Jared.”
Sara sighed. “I tried. He believes me now. I’m just afraid it’s going to become more than he’s willing to bear Luce.”
Lucy laughed again. “Are you kidding me Sara? Jared loves you. Nothing Kaye or James could say can change that!”
“Thanks Luce….”
“He could still lose you, though.”
Sara was shocked. “What – how?”
Lucy stood up, grabbed Sara by the shoulders and sat her down on the couch beside her. “Because, if you don’t stop pacing, I’m going to have to kill you myself,” she joked. They laughed.
“Lucy, why couldn’t Mother be more like you?”
Lucy smiled. “Because your Aunt Lucy is one-of-a-kind, Kiddo, and my stubborn, old worn-out, old-fashioned sister can’t stand it!”
Sara smiled and hugged Lucy. “Don’t I know it!”
“There’s just one thing that’s bothering me….”
“What’s that?
“What’s going on with you and Steve?”
Lucy turned. “Nothing Sara – why do you ask?”
Sara chuckled. “You can’t seem to stand to be next to each other. Is there something you’re not telling me?”
Jared, Carl, Steve, and the rest of the band entered the room. “Ok, let’s go,” Jared said. “Everything is locked up.”
------------
If Sara thought she was nervous before, this would have to mean she had gone insane now. They were all dressed, sitting in the dressing room, waiting for their turn to go on stage.
The crowd outside were extremely active and judgmental. They cheered for their favorite bands, but weren’t hesitant to scream shouts of criticism for their not-so favorite bands. Sara hoped she didn’t fall in the last category. If she did badly, it would reflect on the entire band, and Sara didn’t want to let them down.
Some of the other bands that had performed before them were good, although they hadn’t been together quite as long as ‘Raging Storm’, excluding Sara, of course. Sara was the newbie here, and the person walking around with jelly for legs. She was certain she was going to mess everything up. She was so afraid she was going to get out there and forget the lyrics, she couldn’t think straight. Sara knew the rest of the band was trying to cut her some slack, but even Jared was getting edgy from Sara’s constant pacing.
“Could somebody see if they can find me a bottle of ginger ale or something?  I feel like I’m going to hurl,” Sara said.
Steve jumped to his feet. “I’ll get it,” he volunteered. “It will give me a chance to get my wits together.” For more than one reason.
There was a knock on the dressing room door. Considering the coke machine was in the front lobby, it seemed a little fast for Steve. Sara’s fears took over when she saw who it was. 
Andrea was at the door, clipboard in hand and a broad smile on her face. She looked at Jared. “So, is ‘Raging Storm’ all ready to bring down the house?”
Jared’s voice was sympathetic. “Will be. Steve went to get Sara a bottle of ginger ale. She’s feeling a little queasy.” He waited until Sara’s back was turned. “Stage fright,” he mouthed.
Andrea nodded. “I see,” she mouthed back, smiling. She walked over to Sara and put her arm around Sara’s shoulders. “Sweetie, you’re going to knock them dead. You’ve got nothing to be upset about.”
Sara smiled, but it never reached her eyes.
“You’ve got about ten minutes - break a leg!” Andrea ducked back out the door.
Sara looked at Jared. “Break a leg?”
Jared laughed. “It’s showbiz term.”
“I know!” Sara snapped. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it that way.” Sara was letting her nerves get the best of her. “I know what it means. I didn’t think anybody used it anymore.”
Jared put his arm around Sara’s shoulders and pressed his lips to her temple. “They don’t, but maybe Andrea was getting tired of your pacing too,” he joked. Sara glared at him.
There was another knock on the door, and Andrea poked her head in again. “Oh! I forgot to tell you. It’s a sell-out – standing room only. Good luck.…”
Sara glanced up at Jared with worried eyes. “She’s starting to remind me of Punch and Judy,” she sighed.
Jared smiled. “It’s all right, Angel. We’re going to do fine – you’re going to do fine - trust me.” He brushed her cheek with the back of his fingers. Sara wanted to believe him, but if Steve didn’t get back with her ginger ale soon, there was going to be a mess to clean up.
There was another quick knock, and Steve entered the room. He quickly glanced at Lucy, sighed and turned to Sara. “I’m sorry. The closest thing I could get you to ginger ale was 7UP. Will that do?” He held it out to her.
With shaky hands, Sara took the bottle, and struggled to get the lid off. Jared came to her rescue. She smiled as he handed it back to her. Sara guzzled down several large mouthfuls and took a deep breath. At least it was cold and fizzy. It should help after a few minutes. Sara hoped it wouldn’t take over ten minutes. That’s all the time they had before the band would be on stage. Then it would be either do, or die for Sara.
She started pacing again, shaking her hands nervously. Carl’s eyes followed her as she passed him several times. Finally, he reached out and grabbed her by the shoulders. “Stop – you’re driving me nuts!” He ushered her to Jared. “Here! Do something with this!” he said, as though she were a child with a dirty diaper.
“Gladly!” Jared held her, smiled, and then kissed her. “Better?” Sara nodded. He pulled her to the side and pushed her against the wall, pressing his body against hers. “After this is all over, I think you and I need to work on your stage fright. I think you could use some more, calming sessions,” he said, kissing her again.
Sara smiled up at him. “I think you’re right….”
After a light rap on the door, Andrea stuck her head in yet again. “It’s time. Five minutes before you go on.” She held the door open. “Follow me, please….”
Sara looked up at Jared again. He smiled at her and took her hand. “Let’s get out there.”
Andrea led them to the waiting area near the stage. The last band left the stage and hurried past them.
“Ladies and Gentlemen, we’re proud to present to you, on stage for the first time in The Louisiana Hayride Reunion, ‘Raging Storm’ featuring lead vocalists, Jared Thundercloud and Sara Foster.” 
Sara heard the announcement. Jared reached down and took her hand again as they walked on stage. Sara stood off to the left and center, close to Jared’s keyboard. Jared kissed the back of Sara’s hand and walked to his position. Sara walked next to Lucy and waited. Carl played the lead guitar part of the introduction, and then the rest joined in. Sara hoped she had the right tempo. She couldn’t tell which was louder. The sound of Steve’s drums, or her knocking knees.
The audience went wild with applause, as they started to sing. Sara glanced off to the side, just behind the curtain where Andrea stood. She gave Sara two-thumbs up. Sara smiled and directed her attention back to the audience. 
It was exhilarating. Sara was starting to relax and enjoy herself. She knew she was totally calm when she came back on stage after changing into one of her dresses, and joined Jared, center stage for their duets. She felt privileged to be the object of his devotion, as they sang of love and heartbreak.
The crowd responded accordingly with whoops, catcalls, and applause, as the cameras flashed. ‘Raging Storm’ did their instrumental, and the crowd were absolutely roaring. Some people dancing in place.
Sara savored it like fine wine. This was what she always wanted to do, but Jared’s unwavering support was the only way she made it through. He never left her side and never doubted her talent or courage. Sara wasn’t so sure of herself, until she realized they’d finished their last number. But, the crowd wasn’t letting ‘Raging Storm’ go that easy. 
Andrea asked Jared if they could do an encore. Then, she wanted them to do an autograph and photo session for the local papers. Sara looked at Jared, unsure again, but he smiled, and squeezed her hand. “Give us time to get changed, and we’ll meet you out front.”
“Great!” Andrea handed Jared a stack of photos and enough permanent markers so each member of the band would have one. Then she hurried out to make the announcement. She also told them that the CD’s they’d brought with them had sold out, thirty minutes before the show started. 
Sara was skeptical. “All of them?”
Andrea patted Sara’s shoulder and smiled. “Yes, Sara – all of them.”
------------
After ‘Raging Storm’ had finished their last number and changed, Sara signed her picture and the cover of their CD until her hands hurt. She was seeing spots from all the flashes. There was a quick interview with the band, and then they singled Jared and Sara out, asking questions about how serious their relationship was, and what their plans were for the future. Would they be staying together or was this just a stage thing?
Jared put his arm around Sara’s waist and pulled her close to him, holding up her left hand. He spoke seriously. “She’s all mine!” he said, bending down to kiss her, when the cameraman did a close-up. Sara happily kissed him back, but turned red afterwards, realizing how many people would see their public display of affection. Jared didn’t seem to care.
When the fans realized Jared was taken, the screaming girls turned their attention on the guys in the band that were still unattached. Steve and Carl got a lot of attention too, especially Carl. Steve adored the fans, but it was obvious something was bothering him. 
Lucy smiled and posed when someone asked to have their picture taken with her, but she glanced nervously at Steve. Sara could tell something was wrong between them. She just had to figure out how to find out what it was without seeming nosey.
------------
‘Raging Storm’ finally finished the publicity part of the gig and headed back to the dressing room. Jared watched Sara moping around. She kept staring at the door, as though she was willing someone to walk through it. Jared put his arm around her shoulders. “Waiting on your Mom?”
Sara sighed. “I can’t fool you, can I?”
Jared laughed. “No, and I can’t fool you either. Looks like we’re doomed.”
Sara looked up at him and smiled. “If this is doom, show me the guillotine.”
There was a knock on the door. Sara held her breath, hoping. Andrea stuck her head in. Sara’s hopes faded. “Ah, Sara, there’s someone here to see you.” She stepped aside. 
James was grinning from ear to ear, as he held out his arms to Sara. She ran to him. “Daddy!”
James hugged Sara. “Hi Sweetheart….”
Sara anxiously looked over his shoulder. “Where’s Mom?”
James sighed, his voice remorseful. “She wouldn’t come, Sara. She’s being difficult.” He walked next to Jared. “But then… Kaye’s always difficult.” James held out his hand. “Jared, I wanted to congratulate you and Sara and the rest of the band on a remarkable performance.”
Jared glanced at Sara, reading the pain on her face. “Thank you Sir….” 
“Daddy, I thought both of you were coming tonight.”
“I’m sorry Sara. Kaye said you would know why she wasn’t here, and that you were the only one that could change that.”
Sara’s eyes glossed; she blinked furiously to quell the tears. “Fine, if that’s how she feels about it. I guess it’s settled then.” Jared glanced at Sara sympathetically. “You’re coming out to celebrate with us then?”
“Honey, I’m sorry, I can’t. I’d love to, but your mother is waiting for me to get back to the hotel.”
“What? You’re leaving tonight?”
“I’m afraid so. Give her some time Sara. You know how stubborn your mother can be. I’ll see you when I can. Again, congratulations on your successful performance, and your engagement. I love you.” He kissed Sara’s cheek, shook everyone’s hand, and then left. 
Sara swallowed the lump in her throat, silent tears slid down her cheeks. “Jared, I’d like to go home now. I really don’t feel like celebrating.”
 Jared held her. “Let me tell the others.” 
“I’ll wait in the hall.”
------------
“If you guys want to go on without us, feel free, but I’m taking Sara home. She’s pretty upset that her mother didn’t come.”
Lucy glanced at Steve and shook her head. “Kaye is so unreasonable when it comes to Sara. Sometimes I would love to shake some sense into her before it’s too late. Eventually, Sara is going to get enough of it, and then Kaye is the one that’s going to suffer.”
“I know Luce, but what more can I do? I like James, he’s a nice man. But Kaye – I don’t know if we’ll ever get along. I can’t stand the way she treats Sara, and she doesn’t exactly like me either.”
Lucy glanced at Steve again and then back to Jared. “Well… I for one don’t feel like celebrating.”
Steve held her gaze for a few seconds and then looked away. “I don’t feel like partying either.”
Carl furrowed his brow and glanced curiously from Steve to Lucy. This ends tonight! “It’s all right Jared. Take her home. We’ll celebrate when everybody is in a better mood.” He glared at Steve.
------------
Sara leaned her back against the wall, trying to catch her breath. Sara felt as if someone had knocked the wind out of her. She couldn’t believe her mother was so cruel. Especially with this being Sara’s first public appearance since high school. But then, the only reason she’d come to that, was because James had entered one of his prize bulls in the rodeo.
Sara and James had always been close. Kaye knew that. And Sara was afraid Kaye would use James as a tool to get to her. What would happen to that relationship now? What about Jared? He said it wouldn’t happen, but what if Kaye found a way to get to him? What had started out as one of the happiest nights of Sara’s life was falling apart before her eyes, and there didn’t appear to be anything she could do to stop it.

Chapter 23
Carl waited until Jared had left the room. He held out his hand. “Keys to the jeep,” he growled. “And don’t give me any lip!” Steve narrowed his eyes at Carl. “Now little brother!” Steve glared at Carl as he fished in his pocket, shoving his keys in Carl’s hand. “Ok, Steve, Lucy – let’s go – now!” he said through his teeth. He’d had enough of their little games.
He put Steve in the back, and Lucy up front with him. She turned in her seat when they flew past their turnoff. “Carl – you missed the road!”
“Did I? Oh how clumsy of me….”
“Carl,” Steve said through clenched teeth, leaning forward. “What the hell are you doing? This is my fucking jeep. If I’d known you weren’t taking us home, I would never have given you my damn keys!”
“Just shut up Steve and enjoy the ride!”
Lucy opened her mouth to speak. Carl shot her a look of warning. “Not this time Lucy! I’ve had it with both of you!”
Carl stopped by the pier at Cross Lake and shut off the engine. He got out of the jeep and closed the door. “Now… I’m going back to the café,” he said pointing. “And I’m going to have my supper. When I come back, I want this fixed between you two.”
Lucy folded her arms and scoffed. “There’s nothing to fix,” she grumbled. 
Steve got out of the jeep and glanced over his shoulder. “That ain’t no joke!”
Carl sighed deeply, exasperated. “Oh come on you two!” he said, shaking his head in dismay. “Lucy - stop hiding behind Jared, and face the facts. You can keep running from my brother all you want, but we both know it’s a lie! You might have been in love with Jared at the beginning, but please, grow up!” 
Lucy’s mouth gaped. Steve whirled. “What are you getting at Carl?” he asked as he slowly walked around to the other side of the jeep.
Carl turned, and started walking. “Just do what I said. Settle this!”
Steve tightened his jaw, and dove for Carl, knocking him to the ground. The jeep keys went flying, landing a few feet behind them. Carl punched Steve in the jaw. Steve fell, and started scrambling for the keys. Carl grabbed his foot and jerked him away from them.
Lucy watched in horror, unsure of what to do.
“Give me my fucking keys Carl!”
Carl managed to get to his feet, and grabbed at the keys. “You want them…” he said drawing his hand back, “… go get them!”
Steve listened in bewilderment as his keys hit the water, several feet off the bank. He narrowed his eyes, whirled, and made another dive for Carl.
Carl hit the jeep, hurting his back, and nearly knocking the wind out of him. Carl got back up and challenged him. “Do you feel better now?”
“You threw my goddamn keys in the fucking lake, you bastard! I’m going to beat the shit out of you!” Steve was starting to wear down. He made another dive for Carl.
Carl jumped out of the way. One more blow to Steve’s already split and bleeding lip and Steve went sprawling face forward on the rough ground. The sharp white stones leaving some gashes on his right cheek. Steve was dazed and in considerable pain.
Carl glanced at Lucy and then back at Steve. He wiped the blood from the side of his mouth on the back of his hand. “I meant what I said. If you haven’t settled this by the time I get back, you’re both walking home!”
Lucy and Steve watched as Carl shrunk in the night until he opened the door to the café and went inside.
“Well this is just peachy,” Steve growled. “I don’t know what he expects us to fix.”
“Neither do I! I’m calling a taxi,” Lucy responded and took out her cell. “What? Oh this is not happening to me.”
Steve tested the flexibility of his jaw. It hurt. He glanced over his shoulder. “What is it?”
“Can I use your cell? I wanna call a taxi, and my freaking battery is down. I guess it was all those videos I took at the coliseum.”
Steve sighed and reached in his front pocket. “Sure – just as soon as I call a….”
Lucy’s eyes widened. “What is it?”
------------
Carl sat at his usual table, next to the jukebox. He scanned through the list of songs. Sure enough, the diner was one of the places Jared had distributed their CD. He put some money in, selected the song, and Sara and Jared started singing. He smiled and sat down in his chair. 
A young waitress came over with pad and pen in hand. “What can I getcha?”
“Just tell Jane, I’ll have my usual.”
The waitress looked nervous. “Ah – what do I tell her your name is?”
“Just tell her ‘Raging Storm’, she’ll know.”
“Raging Storm? The country band? The one that performed at the coliseum tonight? Hang on – you’re Carl. You play lead – right?”
Carl chuckled, and then grimaced. “Yeah – that’s me. Look Honey… I’m a little past starved. Could you just tell Jane I’m here?”
“Oh – yeah – sure – sorry. Ah - Carl?”
Carl glanced up at her, holding a paper napkin over his split lip.
“Do you think I could get your autograph? I just loved it when you sung ‘Ten Rounds’.’”
Carl smiled again. “Sure.” He scribbled something on a napkin. She stood there, staring at it with a big grin on her face. “Ah – Sugar – my burger?”
The waitress blushed. “Oh – sorry. I’ll go give her your order. Thanks again, Carl,” she said elatedly.
Once Jane found out Carl was there she dropped two other orders, and immediately started his burger. By the time she’d finished grilling the onions and jalapeno peppers, the meat was done.
The waitress reached for the plate. Jane put her hand over it. “Not this one,” she said. She carried the plate, and a damp cloth out to Carl’s table. “Who’s driving tonight – you or Steve? Speaking of – where is he?” she asked, as she set his plate of food in front of him.
Carl grinned. “He’s battling it out with Luce, over by the pier.” He picked up his burger. “Now if I can just manage to get my mouth around this….”
Jane grimaced, and looked at his face, turning it from side to side. “Looks like they’re not the only ones that’ve been battling. What in blazing’s happened to you? Have a fight with a north bound train headed south?”
Carl grinned and took a bite of his burger. He laughed. “A little brotherly persuasion.”
Jane patted his shoulder. “Looks like it was more than a little. Enjoy your burger, if you can,” she laughed, and left.
------------
 Steve looked at the display and groaned. “It’s busted. The sorry SOB not only threw my fucking keys in the lake, he’s busted my freaking cell phone!” He drew his hand back and threw it at the lake.
“Wait! I can…” Lucy signed deeply as she heard it hit the water. “…use your battery in mine! Steve!” she groaned.
“How the hell do you know that?”
“Because,” Lucy said, holding up her cell. “Remember – we have the same cell,” she laughed.
Steve’s eyes widened. “Oh shit! I forgot!” He started chuckling. Soon they were both laughing. “Lucy, I don’t want to fight anymore. I know you don’t love me, but I don’t want to lose our friendship. You were right about one thing. I have always been there for you, and I always will be. I’m sorry I acted like such a heel last night.”
Lucy was lost in thought. We have the same cell phones. We like the same music. We enjoy each other’s company. I didn’t cry myself to sleep last night because of Jared. He wasn’t the one that haunted my dreams. “I’m sorry Steve – that’s not enough.”
“What – my apology wasn’t good enough? What else can I say? I said I was a heel. I made an ass out of myself – especially when I got home. Picking a fight with part of the kitchen, and then trying to drown your memory from the bottom of a bottle wasn’t the answer.”
She turned and studied his eyes. “That wasn’t what I meant,” she said, stepping closer, leaning against his body.”
Steve rested his hands on her hips, staring into her blue eyes. “Lucy, if this is your idea of a joke… if you’re teasing… you need to stop… before I do something else stupid.”
She wrapped her arms around his neck. “Like what - this,” she said and kissed him.”
Steve wrapped his arms around her waist, and pulled her close, deepening the kiss. 
------------
Carl grinned and looked at the ground. “Ah – if you two aren’t done battling it out. I could always go back and have another piece of Jane’s apple pie….”
Steve and Lucy whirled. “Christ Carl – you scared the shit out of me. Let me borrow your cell phone.”
Carl furrowed his brow. “Where’s yours?”
Lucy started laughing.
Steve glanced at her and back at Carl. “It’s kind of doing the backstroke with my keys. I need to call us a taxi and get somebody to come pick up my jeep.”
Carl looked from Lucy to Steve. “So is this settled now?”
Steve smiled. “Yeah – it’s settled. Thanks Bro.”
Carl grinned and tossed Steve the keys. “Good, then we can go now.”
Steve narrowed his eyes and stared at the keys in his hand. He looked back at Carl. “How did you – I heard them hit – you were at the….”
“Toss them on the ground again,” Carl instructed.
Steve studied his eyes for a few seconds, debating, and then tossed his keys at Carl’s feet.
Carl reached down, picked up the keys and slung for the lake. Again a splash was heard. Carl’s face went ashen. “Ah - Steve – ah - oops. Sorry buddy – the key ring slipped off my pinkie.”
Steve groaned and reached for Carl’s neck. “Carl I’m going to strangle you!”
Lucy fought to keep a straight face. She saw what Carl had done. She snickered, and Steve turned. Once Steve looked at her, she couldn’t hold it in any longer. Steve whirled on Carl again.
Carl was twirling Steve’s keys on his index finger. “Two in one night – man you’re gullible,” he said tossing the keys to Steve.
Steve walked next to Lucy, pulled her into his arms and kissed her. He grinned and tossed the keys back to Carl. “You drive – I’m riding in back with Luce.”
Carl started the jeep and turned around. He looked in the rear-view mirror. “And what am I supposed to do while I watch you maul her in the back seat?”
Steve grinned. “Find yourself a girl – this one’s mine,” he said, kissing Lucy again.
Carl laughed, pulled onto the road, and headed home.
------------
Jared woke Sara up the next morning, earlier than she ever remembered getting up. She blinked, bleary eyed at the digital clock on the nightstand. “Jared, why are you waking me up at 4:30 in the morning?” she groaned, and tried to roll over.
Jared rolled her back over, and started tickling her. Sara giggled and kicked at him, but he wouldn’t give up. “Because, we’re going somewhere, and I want to get an early start. Now get out of bed, get a shower, get dressed, and stop giving me a hard time,” he called out from the bathroom as he brushed his teeth.
Sara was still half-asleep as she mechanically rolled over, and sat on the side of the bed. “Couldn’t we wait until after breakfast or a little later, like, oh, I don’t know – daylight maybe?” She grumbled as she slid on her bathrobe, and headed for the shower. Sara reached for the clip to put up her hair. If she was going to be up this early, no way was she washing her hair too. 
Jared kissed her on the back of the neck, and down her shoulders. “We’ll get something to eat on the way. I’m going to go and make preparations. You just concentrate on getting ready. I’ll wait for you downstairs,” he said and left the room.
Sara turned on the shower, and let it run while she brushed her teeth. She stepped under the hot water, hoping it would help to finish bringing her to her senses. She was wrong. The hot water had the opposite effect, making her want to crawl back in her soft, warm bed. She was still exhausted from last night’s show, not to mention the emotional display that came after the show.
Sara finished her shower, and went back in the bedroom to get dressed. She was surprised to find some clothes draped across the bottom of their bed. Sara wondered how Jared had managed to get all this out before he went downstairs, and without making a sound. Maybe she didn’t hear him because of the shower. She still wasn’t thinking clearly as she did her hair in a French braid, weaving the ribbon in it. She sprayed on a bit of perfume, and then went downstairs. 
When she found Jared, he was outside securing his bike to a small trailer hitched to his BMW. He looked up as Sara approached. “Ready to go?”
Sara couldn’t believe how awake and alert he was this early in the morning. She was doing well just remembering how to walk and breathe. She yawned, and got in the car. “Where are we going?”
Jared started the engine. “It’s a surprise….”
“A surprise?” Sara asked, dubiously. “At 5:00 in the morning Jared, I would prefer to sleep, not be surprised. “Can I go back to sleep now?” she muttered.
Jared reached across and brushed Sara’s cheek with the back of his fingers. “Of course you can Angel. I’ll wake you when I stop for breakfast.” He turned the radio to a classical station. “Recline your seat, and go back to sleep. I thought we’d have breakfast around 8:00. Is that ok with you?”
“Sure,” Sara mumbled. That was the last thing she remembered, until Jared was gently shaking her awake.
“Sara, we’re here. Time for breakfast.”
She looked out the window. Nothing looked familiar. “Where is here?” 
Jared got out and held the door. “Hudson Oaks. Come on, I’m starving!” 
She blinked a couple of times as she yawned, and read the name on the restaurant.  R&K Café? Where the heck is that? “Do they serve intravenous breakfast here?”
Jared laughed, put his arm around Sara’s waist, and guided her to the door. A girl that looked to be in her late teens spoke, and led them to a booth in the corner. They ordered breakfast and waited. It still hadn’t dawned on Sara where they were, or where their unknown destination might be. A cup of coffee was put in front of her, and she slowly started coming to life, breathing in its aroma. 
“So, did you have a nice nap?”
“Yes. I don’t function well at 5:00 in the morning, sorry.”
Jared smiled and eyed Sara over the top of his coffee cup. “I’ve been getting up early a long time, especially when I have a long way to travel.” He waited for some kind of reaction.
“You still haven’t told me where we’re going.”
“Well,” he said, drawing the word out. “We’re in Hudson Oaks – Texas now.”
“And that’s supposed to mean something to me. Where in the heck is Hudson Oaks, Texas?”
“Our next stop will be,” he said, consulting his watch, “Midland, where I thought we’d stop for lunch.”
Sara sighed. She was getting tired of his guessing games. The cognitive part of her brain was still back home, in Shreveport, asleep. “Jared, where are we going?”
“I’ll make you a deal. Our next stop after Midland, if you still haven’t come up with some kind of guess as to where we’re going – I’ll tell you – ok?”
“Fine,” she said, perturbed. “I’m going to the restroom and tidy up my hair. I’ll be back. Don’t wait on me.”
Jared slid off the booth and let her out.
------------
When Sara got back, the food was on the table. She sat down and started picking at her eggs. Jared watched her with curious eyes. “Aren’t you hungry?”
“Not really.” Sara wasn’t fond of powdered eggs, and she’d learned from experience, that most fast food places used powdered eggs, because they were cheaper. She put a bite in her mouth. Jared waited for her reaction. To Sara’s surprise, the eggs were nice and if they were powdered, they didn’t taste it. “These aren’t bad. I was expecting powdered eggs.”
Jared laughed. “Not with me, Sweetheart. It’s going to be real, or I’m not eating it.”
She finished the eggs and nibbled on the toast. “So you’ve eaten here before?”
“Many times,” Jared replied with a grin, hoping Sara would recognize the clue. She hadn’t so far. Sara’s brain just wasn’t firing on all cylinders this morning.
They got back in the car. “You said we had a long way to go did you want me to drive some?”
“No,” he said, turning around, and pulling back on the Interstate. “I’m good for a while longer. Besides, it seems I’m the only one who knows where we’re going.”
“Only because you won’t tell me,” Sara grumbled.
Jared laughed, changed the radio to a country station, and they were off again.
“Jared, can we talk about something?”
“Sure – what?”
“What did you think of my parents – really?”
“There’re… ok… I guess. Your Dad and I will get along just fine. Your mother – well - that might take a little more work, but she’ll come around. She really doesn’t like me – does she?”
“Gee – does it show?” Sara replied sarcastically. “I tried to warn you.”
“Yeah, well, I’m not used to someone like her. We live in an age of change and variety. I’m afraid, if your mother doesn’t lighten up on some of her ‘issues’, she’s in for a bumpy ride. No offense intended.”
Sara smiled. “None taken. I know what my mother is like. I think I should warn you. She’s not opposed to manipulating things in her favor.”
“Surely, she wouldn’t lie to you.”
Sara raised an eyebrow. “Wanna bet?”
Jared blew air between his lips. “Why is she so...?”
“Set in her ways?” Sara finished for him. “Once you figure that out, tell me. I’ve been trying to figure that out since I turned thirteen. She was the reason I broke up with my last boyfriend. Not that I care but.…”
“He was an idiot,” Jared said, taking her hand. “She wouldn’t have run me off – she won’t run me off,” he said, lifting her hand to his lips, and kissing it.
Sara smiled, “I hope not….”
Jared glanced at Sara. “I know.”
------------
For the next five hours, Sara watched the scenery blur passed her, hoping something would give her a clue as to where they were going. So far, nothing rang a bell. She probably should have suspected something when Phoenix started showing up on the overhead Interstate signs, but she didn’t pay them a lot of attention. Since Jared didn’t need a map, that wasn’t a giveaway either.
They stopped in for an hour in Midland and headed on. Sara turned in her seat. “So what’s our next stop?”
“I thought we’d spend the night in El Paso, and leave out again in the morning. I really don’t feel like driving all night long,” Jared said. “Especially when there are ways I’d rather spend my nights – like making love to you.”
“Good heavens, Jared. Where are we going, Las Vegas?”
“No…” he said, still being cryptic. “Not quite that far,” he smiled and concentrated on driving.
“Fine,” Sara said, leaning her seat back again. “If you’re going to make me play twenty questions, I’m going back to sleep.” Jared laughed. Sara had no plans on going to sleep, but he didn’t need to know that. When she wanted to, she could be just as difficult as Jared.
Jared pulled in the parking lot at the Holiday Inn, just off the Interstate10. Sara waited in the car while he arranged their room. Not knowing that he had packed their bags, including laptops and guitars, Sara was a little uneasy as he walked back to the car. “Jared, what am I going to… change in to?”
“Well,” Jared said, being silly. “You could change into nothing but it would be a lot more convenient and settling to the locals if you wore clothes,” he said, grinning as he held the door open. 
Sara took his hand and stepped out of the car. A man with a luggage cart came out and stopped near the trunk of the car. “Excuse me a second,” Jared said, kissed Sara and walked to the back of the car. He popped the trunk and handed the valet their luggage. Luggage? I don’t remember packing before we left Shreveport.
Jared slung a leather carry-all and their laptops over one shoulder, walked next to Sara and put his arm around her waist, leading her inside. Sara started working things out in her mind. Leaving Shreveport at 5:00 in the morning, driving due west and already in El Paso, Jared’s cute little smiles and evasive clues. Where could we be going? Then it hit her like a ton of bricks as Jared paid the valet, and they were alone in their room. 
“So,” Jared said, putting their things in the bathroom. “Any clue as to where we’re going, yet?” he asked, smiling wryly.
Sara’s face lit, and she squealed like a banshee. “We’re going back – aren’t we?” she asked, jumping into his arms. “We’re going back to Arizona!” However, strange it may seem, Jared lost his balance, and they fell over on the bed. Good thing it was there, they might have hit the floor. 
Jared gently rolled over on top of Sara, smiling. “I can’t put anything over on you. Honestly Sara, I can’t believe it took you this long to figure it out,” he said kissing her.
“Well, I knew we were coming back. I just didn’t know it would be this soon.”
“After what happened with your mother last night, this seemed like a good time. The gig was over, and you needed cheering up. I know you love it there, so.…”
“Have you told them – do they know we’re coming?”
“No, I thought I’d call them in the morning. They won’t mind though. I think Mother was sad to see us leave – especially you. She really likes you, and so does Myra. Plus,” he added, tracing the outline of Sara’s lips with his index finger. “We’ve got some investigating and research to get started on. But,” he said, kissing her again. “I’m not going to think about that right now. Or, when we first get there. We’re going to have some fun and this time, we won’t be on a set schedule. I’ve still got plenty of time off before I have to go back to the hospital.”
“You know, you’re taking a risk. Every time you take me down there,” Sara teased.
“How so?” he asked, anxiously.
“Well, as much as I like it, you might not be able to convince me to go back to Shreveport.”
Jared sighed. “In that case, I think we better start looking for a place in Arizona. We could always use it as a vacation home. The other alternative is to con Dad out of some land, and start building our own... house,” he said with a gleam of mischievousness in his eye. “I’ve always wondered what it would be like to draw up my own house plans, and build it myself. You could help me. That way, your kitchen would be the way you want it.”
“What would you do about Wisteria Hall?”
“What would we do - keep it? Use it when we visit your mother,” he said with a grimace. “Or Lucy, or Steve or Carl.”
“What about your job at the hospital?”
Jared laughed. “I don’t think I would have any problems starting a new practice in Arizona. I’m pretty sure I could work something out with Dave. He’s based at the hospital. Besides, we’ve still got the band. Who knows where that’s going to take us? I’m betting that Myra has spread our CD all over the place. We might get down there this time, and be completely overtaken with the paparazzi,” he joked.
Sara laughed. “Yeah – right.”
“Sara, I love you. If you want to be a star, I’ll be the heaven you set yourself in. I’ll gladly stand behind you, and be content to let you shine. I don’t need fame and fortune. I have everything I’ve ever wanted, right here in my arms,” he said, staring into her eyes for a few seconds before he covered her mouth with his. 
After a few breathless moments Jared started undressing Sara, and then undressed himself. He took her hand, and led her to the bed, turning the covers back with one hand. Jared scooped Sara up, and laid her on the bed, then crawled in next to her, pulling her close to him. Although they were supposed to be resting, Sara didn’t think they’d be doing any for quite a while. Jared started gently making love to her.
------------
Sara woke up the next morning to muffled voices. “So, Dad has spoken with the Council then?” Jared’s voice was a loud whisper, as he stood, and peered out the thick drapes of their room. “Well, that’s to be expected, but I don’t see how that gives him the right to…” He broke off mid-sentence and listened. Jared still didn’t know Sara was awake. She reasoned, if Jared was keeping anything from her, she would find out more this way; so she kept her eyes closed, pretending she were asleep.
There was a knock on the door. “Hold on a minute,” he said, and Sara heard him put the phone on the table by the window. “Yes, thank you. Just put it over there,” he said, still whispering. “My fiancée is still asleep, and I would rather you didn’t wake her.” 
Sara didn’t hear anything else, just what sounded like someone scratching on a piece of paper and the gentle, almost silent closing of the door. 
Then she heard Jared retrieve his cell. “Ok – sorry, I’m back…. Yeah, it was room service…. I want to leave again, right after breakfast, and I knew having the food brought to our room would be faster.” 
Jared laughed, “Oh yes, she’s excited all right. I think I might as well start looking for a place down… well, I had given that some thought, but I didn’t know how Dad would feel about…. Well, at least I know we have that option, but, I’d still have to find us a place to stay. You know, Mother,” he hesitated for a few seconds. “I think Sara wants to get married in Arizona…. I don’t care….. If I knew she hadn’t been kidding, I would marry her on Mother’s Mountain,” he chuckled. “Yes, you heard me right…. No, of course not…. Mother, I love Sara so much, I would lasso the moon if I knew she really wanted it.”
Sara keened her hearing, eager to hear this conversation. She smiled inwardly, so Jared couldn’t see.
“Oh no – no doubts. She’s the one for me…. Not at all Mother…. I told you, I don’t care about that…. Oh, I’ve already taken care of that part – we’re safe…. Mother, I am a doctor, remember…? No, I haven’t told her, and I see no reason to do so as long as there’s no possibility that she could get…. That’s where modern medicine comes in, Mother. It takes away that possibility….”
Sara stopped listening to the conversation for a while, thinking about what he’d just said. It was obvious; he was discussing their intimate relationship with the one other person, besides Sara, that he could trust – his mother. 
A tiny ripple of deception went through Sara. She reminded herself that Jared and his mother had a different relationship than Sara and Kaye had. It was much more open and honest. Sara envied them. 
It seemed Jared didn’t want to make her pregnant because he was afraid she might not survive the birth of their child. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to have children, as she’d feared; it was more fear than anything else. Knowing this, made Sara feel a little better but more curious than she’d ever been to know the reason why. 
Sara’s mind kept wandering back to the conversation she and Myra had on the subject. “Look, Myra,” Sara had said. “I’m not asking you to show me the pictures - if there are more I haven’t seen. I’m just asking if there are more.”
It had taken Myra a long time to answer. “Yes, but, if you want to know more, you’ll have to ask Jared.”
Sara heard Jared about to end the conversation, pulling her from her silent reverie. She yawned and stretched, blinking as she pretended to wake. He looked across at her, smiled, and held up one finger. “Listen, Mother, I’ve got to go, we’ll see you soon…. Yes, she’s awake now,” he raised his voice to normal volume. “I will,” he said, holding his hand over the microphone. “Mother sends her love and is excited we’re coming back so soon. She’s already got our room ready,” he said, smiling, and then finished his call. “Sara sends her love too…. I know Mother…. I will. We love you too – bye.” He put his cell in his back pocket, and crawled across the bed until he was on top of Sara.
“Good morning Angel,” he said, kissing her. “Hungry?”
Sara smiled wryly, “I could be.…”
Jared laughed. “I meant for food Silly. Breakfast is waiting for you.”
“Have you eaten?”
“No, I was waiting for you. I’ve showered, dressed and packed, apart from a few things I thought you might need. Once you’ve decided on your clothes, you can pack the rest,” he said, going to the table where the food was spread, ready to eat.
Sara slid to the side of the bed, wrapping the sheet around her naked body. Jared smiled at her. Sara wasn’t embarrassed for him to see her; it was just out of habit and reflex. “I’ll go have a quick shower. Then we can eat and be on our way,” Sara said, gathering her hair and fastening it on top with her alligator clip.
“Make it a fast one. The food is starting to get cold. I hate cold scrambled eggs!”
Sara turned on the shower and stepped under the hot water. “I will!”
------------
Ten minutes later, when Sara came back in the room, she was fully dressed. “Wow! You’re fast.”
Sara laughed. “You have no idea.” She kissed him, and they sat down to breakfast.
Jared had the valet load their bags in the car. Sara waited in the car while Jared paid the bill. Despite Sara trying to put it out of her head, the subject of those other sketches, and the strange name of Dine'é Kay-Yah kept haunting her. 
Sara had to find a way to ask, without letting on she knew there were more sketches. How could she tell him, she knew he wasn’t Navajo – unless George Thundercloud’s book was wrong? How could she bring up the subject without making him suspicious? Sara guessed she’d just have to wait until a perfect opportunity presented itself. With Sara, a way always presented itself, although it wasn’t always perfect.
Chapter 24
After stopping for lunch in Van Horn, Texas, they cruised on, arriving in El Paso around 2:00pm. Jared was getting tired, so they debated on spending the night. Since Sara knew where she was going, and was anxious to get to Wickenburg, she offered to drive.
Jared eyed her skeptically. “Are you sure you want to do this Sara?”
“You think I can’t drive? I have my own car back in Shreveport. I have survived until now without you chauffeuring me around,” Sara replied, mildly agitated.
Jared laughed and held up his hands. “All right, easy. Just let me set the sat-nav for you. Then all you’ve got to do is listen to the directions.”
She rolled her eyes and sighed. “I think I can handle that.”
Jared was a tad anxious. “You do understand this car has a six-speed, manual transmission and will easily get out from under you if you’re not used to that kind of power?” He was afraid Sara might scratch his car, or otherwise damage it in some way. 
Sara was envious and eager to get behind the wheel. Six speed manual – sweet! “This is going to be fun, then,” she grinned mischievously and waited. 
Jared stared at her with incredulous eyes, trying to decide. Sara could almost read what was going through his mind. “Ok, I love her… but my car? My very expensive, shiny, extremely fast car… if I don’t let her drive - she’s going to think I don’t trust her… I do trust her… just not behind the wheel of my favorite, and very expensive, and very shiny car….” 
Sara held out her hand for the keys, impatiently waiting. “Well? Are you going to let me drive your car or not?” She waited again as he debated. “If you don’t trust me….”
Jared looked as if someone had kicked him in the groin. “No! It’s not that.” Jared sighed, held out the keys, and crawled into the passenger seat.  
Sara slipped behind the wheel and buckled herself in. She put on her sunglasses and adjusted the seat and mirrors. Then she revved the engine a couple of times in neutral. She smiled. There was clearly a lot of power under that hood. Sara gave Jared a sideways glance. Jared looked pale and unconvinced. 
“Relax,” Sara said, drawing the word out. “I can handle your baby.” Before putting the car in gear, Sara reached across and put the original soundtrack to the ‘Twilight’ movie in the DVD player. ‘Super Massive Black Hole’, by ‘Muse’, blared through the sound system. “Now that’s good driving music,” she said, putting the car in gear, and turning around.
Sara laughed when Jared checked that his seatbelt was secured, and braced his hand against the dash. “At least I’ve got good insurance and a real first-aid kit in the trunk,” he grinned warily.
Sara normally wouldn’t have done it, but she gunned the engine, and spun both tires as she pealed onto the Interstate. She slightly fishtailed before she straightened it up with ease.
Jared was so anxious the sound of his pounding heart was almost audible in the car, as he looked back to make sure his motorcycle was still there. It was, along with a wide black rubber burn on the pavement. 
Jared closely watched Sara for another two or three miles, trying to determine if she actually knew what she was doing. He didn’t know this wasn’t the first time Sara had been behind the wheel of a fast sports car. Neither did her mother. What she didn’t know wouldn’t hurt her.
Sara looked across at Jared and smiled. “It is safe for you to take a nap Jared. I’m fine – really.”
“I know,” Jared answered too quickly, and then leaned back against the seat. “No one can live forever,” he muttered under his breath.
Without taking her eyes off the road, Sara reached across and touched his face. Jared’s mouth turned up slightly at the corners, and he closed his eyes, his face still adorned with his sexy sly grin.
Sara consulted the GPS. “I’ll wake you when we get to Lordsburg, New Mexico.” 
Jared nodded. “If we live that long,” he mumbled.
------------
When they arrived in Lordsburg, Jared was sleeping so peacefully, Sara decided not to wake him. After easing out of the car, and filling up with gas, Sara went inside, picked up some sandwiches and drinks, and paid for it with her new black card. She was a little nervous, half expecting it not to go through – but it did. 
Sara got back in the car and waited for a few minutes. Jared was still sleeping. When he didn’t wake up, Sara eased back on the Interstate and continued on.
Jared put up his seat and looked out the window. “Where are we?”
“About five miles outside Tucson.”
Jared’s eyes widened. “What? I thought you were going to wake me in Lordsburg! You’ve let me sleep for over six hours?” He was doubtful.
“I did give you a chance to wake up in Lordsburg, but.…”
“How did you pay for the gas?”
Sara blinked her eyes in disbelief. “Black card?” she answered sarcastically as she pulled in another gas station. 
Jared laughed sheepishly, and jumped out to fill the car.  “Oh yeah – that… sorry, I forgot. Well, I’ll take it from here.” 
Sara made a quick trip to the bathroom and waited for him in the car. 
He started the engine again. “Let’s see if we can’t find some place to eat. I’m hungry – you?” Sara nodded. “So, what did you think about our car?”
Sara enthusiastically tapped her knee in time with the music. “I love it!” 
Jared smiled and pulled back on the main road. “Looks like we’ll have to go car shopping then.”
------------
Jared hit the center of Phoenix at around 9:00 that night, and by 10:00 they were in Wickenburg. The Thundercloud ranch was still waiting like a safe haven for Sara. Jared pulled in and parked behind his father’s Dodge Ram. He and 
Sara barely got out of the car before Myra and Nadine had Sara in a chokehold. They were so glad to see them. Sara was excited too. It was pleasant to be in a place where you weren’t judged or criticized. Again, Sara wished Kaye could have been more like Nadine.
Jared and Myra grabbed the bags, and they went inside. It was so near bedtime they decided to visit in the morning.
------------
At first, when Sara woke alone, she didn’t know where she was. It took her a few seconds, to get her bearings. Then she heard the shower, and the faint sound of someone singing. Being home again, must have affected him, Jared was singing in the shower. 
Sara laughed. She thought that only happened in the movies. She looked at the digital clock on the nightstand, blinking until her eyes were in focus. It read 6:30. Sara smiled and rolled over, sitting on the side of the bed. She threw her head back, yawned, and stretched her arms above her head. 
Jared came back in the room, with a towel wrapped around his waist, and drying his hair on another one. He smiled at Sara when he realized she was awake. “Good morning,” he grinned as she stood and stalked toward him. Jared held her at arm’s length, drinking her with his eyes, recording each tiny feature to memory.
Sara smiled through bleary eyes. “What are you doing up so early?” 
He drew her to him and slowly untied her robe. “Well… I’d planned on helping Dad with the chores,” he said, kissing the side of her neck and shoulders, as her robe slid to the floor. “I think he might have to wait a while….” he crushed his lips to hers. 
Sara wrapped her leg around his, pressing the lower part of her body to his. She slid her hand between them, and unfastened his towel, letting it lay at his feet. “Tell me something Jared,” she whispered between his kisses.
Jared groaned, tracing kisses over her face, and down the sides of her neck. “What’s that?” 
Sara was panting. “Am I still… dangerous?”
Jared raised Sara’s other leg and wrapped it around his waist as he pressed against her. He kissed her passionately. “No – but I am….”
She grinned. “How so…?”
“Because now I’m the hunter… and you’re the prey,” he almost growled at Sara as he gently lowered her on the bed. “You’re the one that’s in danger now,” he whispered in her ear.
Sara teased his chest with her fingernails, making him shiver and throb with desire for her. “No I’m not.”
“Really? Why is that?”
“I’m not fighting. I’m surrendering,” she whispered back.
“I guess you’re right,” Jared said, moving his hips against hers, leaving words behind, and letting their bodies do the talking.
------------
Jared already had a shower, but since things got hot and sweaty, he took another one with Sara. Then they both got dressed and went downstairs. The door to the conservatory was open. A chilly breeze blew through the house. Smells of fried bacon and onions made Sara’s stomach rumble. 
“We’re out here Jared!” Nadine called out.
The table had been spread with soft scrambled eggs, hash brown potatoes with smother fried onions, mushrooms and bell peppers. It smelled delicious. Sara had worked up a monster of an appetite. She didn’t complain when Nadine prepared her plate and handed it to her. She closed her eyes and sniffed, appreciatively. “Oh, this smells so good!” 
Tom laughed, and winked at Sara. “Some things, can really work up an appetite, huh, Sara?”
Sara smiled and kept her eyes on her plate. “Yes, it can….”
Jared laughed. Tom glanced at Jared. “So what are your plans for today?”
Jared grinned knowingly. “Nothing specific. How about you?”
“I’ve got to repair some fencing up on the northern range. Myra’s horse didn’t come home last night. I suspect he’s found another way out. It’s been weak around the northern range for some time now….”
Jared continued with his breakfast, smiling.
“I just haven’t had the time to repair it by myself,” Tom hinted, glancing at Jared again. “And, I need to install that new auto feeder I bought that’s been sitting in the barn collecting dust, and I want to.…”
Jared held up his hand. “All right Dad, I get the picture. When do you want to get started?”
Tom laughed. “After breakfast?”
“I’ll go change….” 
Sara couldn’t help but laugh at how easily Jared gave in to his father. She turned to Nadine and laughed again. “In that case Nada, What are we doing today?”
Nadine smiled. “I’m sure I can find something for us to do. Is there anything in particular you’d like to do?”
Sara stalled. “Um – well – there is one thing. And I’m a little self-conscious about asking but, Jared showed me some of the blankets and beadwork his grandmother made for him. I was wondering.…”
Nadine smiled patiently. “Yes?”
“Would there be any chance you might teach me how to…?”
Nadine stood, and started gathering the breakfast dishes. She chuckled. “It would be my pleasure. I’ll have to drag my old looms out of the attic, though. I haven’t used them in a long time.”
“We can do something else. I wouldn’t want to put you out….”
She grinned wryly. “I don’t mind Sara. I suspect I’ll need to start working on a much smaller version of the blankets soon….”
“Not if Jared has his way,” Sara mumbled under her breath. She took the little pill she’d hidden in the watch pocket of her jeans, and popped it in her mouth. Then, reluctantly, she washed it down with a handful of water from the faucet. Sara wondered how long Jared would insist she take these. 
She finished loading the dishwasher, and went into the lounge, where Tom was sat, patiently waiting for Jared.
------------
Jared entered the lounge wearing a pair of faded jeans, a russet-colored tank top, his cowboy boots, and a western-style straw hat with a rattlesnake and feather hatband. He’d platted his hair in a single braid at the nape of his neck. Sara thought he looked stunning. She stood, lounging against the doorframe as she watched him walk across the floor to her. Sara bit her lower lip. She could easily see his tight muscles, struggling against the thin fabric of his tank top. Her face flushed.
Jared cradled her chin in the palm of his hand and smiled. “I love how you do that,” he said kissing her.
Sara was dazzled by the hungry look in his eyes. “How I do what?” 
“When I walk toward you, your eyes dilate so much it’s hard to tell if they’re black or brown, and your cheeks go all rosy,” he said, kissing her again.
Sara smiled. “That’s because I like what I see. Yours do it too, but… they’re a little more noticeable.”
Jared shook his belt, and rearranged the front of his jeans. “I wish my eyes were the only part of my body that reacted to you, visibly,” he teased, pressing his body against hers, so she knew what he was talking about.
“I like that part too,” Sara whispered in his ear as he kissed below her jaw line, and nibbled her neck.
Tom stood, cleared his throat and nosily shuffled his feet. “If you’re ready Jared,” he said, obviously wanting to get started on the fence. 
Jared sighed and kissed Sara gently on her lips. “I’ll see you later,” he cooed and followed Tom out the door.
“We’ll bring you some lunch, and something to drink later on!” Sara jumped. Nadine placed her hands on Sara’s shoulders and gave her a little squeeze. “It’s just me Sara.”
“Thanks!” Tom called back.
“It must be in your blood!” Sara said, startled.
Nadine laughed. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you.”
Sara drew in a deep breath of relief. “It’s all right. I guess I’ll have to get used to how easily y’all can sneak up on me.”
Nadine laughed again. “Comes from years of practice Sara. Come on, let’s get those looms. We’ll take them out back before it gets too hot. When it does, we’ll move inside where it’s cool.”
Nadine and Sara spent the rest of the morning working on beading, and weaving projects – mainly Nadine. Sara tried her hand at it, but most of the time she watched Nadine in awe. She could finish a bead pattern before Sara could even get her loom threaded. 
Nadine laughed, and gave Sara tips, gently introducing her to their way of life. Sara was thrilled when she finally finished a little wristband, which she later planned to give to Jared. Nadine finished three in the time it took Sara to create one. She’d also shed far less blood than Sara had. Sara was starting to think she might need a transfusion. Good thing her fiancée was a doctor.
Sara started a blanket project, but her baying coyote looked more like a tall-eared rabbit. Nadine laughed. “It’s not bad for your first try. Just keep at it. You will get it Sara,” she said, and went back inside to start making lunch for Jared and Tom.
Sara did another row before giving up, and going inside to help Nadine. She was slicing cold roast beef for sandwiches, when Sara walked in the kitchen. “What can I do?”
“Do you know how to make lemonade?”
Sara laughed. “Yeah, I do, but I’m better at iced-tea.”
Nadine put the sandwiches together with practiced ease. “Tell you what, why don’t you make both? Jared likes tea, and Tom prefers the lemonade.”
Sara smiled. “Ok.”
“Lemons are in the fridge. If you’ll pop them in the microwave for thirty seconds, and then roll them on the counter a couple of times, you’ll get more juice out of them for the lemonade.”
“Hey, that’s not a bad idea. Is that a traditional Navajo way for making lemonade?” Sara naively asked.
Nadine chuckled and held up a small cookbook. “No, but it was Loretta Lynn’s way.”
Sara laughed with her, and finished making the tea and lemonade, pouring it in two large thermoses, used for keeping things cold. They filled two more with fresh ice water, loaded everything in the back of their jeep, and headed for the barn. Nadine parked the jeep, took out her cell and called Tom.
“Hi, it’s me…. Yeah, we’re here at the barn with your lunch. Do you want us to bring it up to you…? All right, we’ll setup here then. How’s it going – any sign of Satan…? That’s strange…. Maybe he’s gone over on the other ridge.” Nadine glanced at Sara. “You may have to saddle up a couple of the horses, go over to the other valley, and look there…. Yeah, I know. We need to try and find him before Myra gets home from college. I will…. love you too Tom…. See you in a few.” Nadine ended the call.
Sara furrowed her brow. “That’s Myra’s horse - right?” 
“Yes. Tom said they hadn’t seen any sign of him. They’re coming back here, so let’s get the table setup. There are some chairs inside the barn in the door to the right, next to a fold up table. Can you get those, and put them under the shade tree over there?” Nadine pointed.
------------
Sara heard the familiar rumble of the 4x4’s engine as it came bouncing along the dirt road, swerving from side to side as Jared avoided the potholes. He parked next to the jeep, and he and Tom got out. 
The perspiration on Jared’s bare-chest glistened in the sun like drops of dew. Although Sara doubted it was possible, it appeared as if the blazing sun had made his skin look even darker. Her heart flipped over just watching him, as he gracefully strolled up to her, put his arm around her, and kissed her. “Hi Angel,” he said in his low, sexy voice. 
Sara smiled. “Hi….”
They sat down to eat. Nadine passed Tom a plastic cup of lemonade. “So, are you done for the day, or do you plan to work on the fence some more?”
Tom took off his hat and tossed it on the ground next to his chair. “I don’t know about you Jared, but I think we’ve done enough for today. The sun is getting too hot. Maybe we could finish up tomorrow…?”
Jared stuffed a third of his sandwich in his mouth. “Sure Dad. I think Sara, and I might saddle up a couple of the horses, and go over to the northern ridge. See if we can pick up Satan’s trail there. I have a feeling that’s the way he would have gone.”
Nadine studied his eyes. “If you do, make sure you take these two canteens of water, and this one of tea with you. I’ll not have you drying up like a piece of jerky.”
Jared grinned at Sara. “Actually, I’d planned on going back to the house, and getting some gear. We might not be back before nightfall, and I don’t want to wander around in the dark. If we see it’s going to be too late, we’ll make camp, and come home in the morning.”
Tom gave Jared a suspicious look and raised his eyebrow. “In the morning?”
Jared laughed. “Don’t worry Dad. I’ll be back in time to help you finish the fence, and the other chores.”
Tom smiled. “Make sure you take your rifle. I saw a few tracks over on the ridge a few days ago. I didn’t see any mountain lions, but it doesn’t hurt to play it safe, just in case.”
“Make sure you take your cell phones too,” Nadine added.
Sara laughed imagining a Navajo brave, covered with war paint, riding bareback, with a cell phone in one hand, and the reins in the other. Modern technology had changed things for everybody. 
Jared grimaced and glanced at Sara. “I think we’ll take the bike instead. That way I won’t have to worry about Sara trying to pick another fight with a rattlesnake. She’s good at that, you know.” Jared grinned.
“Well, if you hadn’t run off like that, I wouldn’t have had to climb the mountain or share the tiny ledge with your indigenous house pets,” Sara countered, and pushed his chair over. He hit the ground, and burst out laughing.
Tom laughed. “Son, you’d better watch Sara. I think she might be harder to handle than the mountain lion.”
Jared got up, and slapped the dust off his jeans with his hat, and sat back in the chair, backwards. He grinned mischievously and winked at Sara. “Oh, I can handle her. Make no mistake about it….”
------------
Sara rode back to the house with Jared in his father’s 4x4. Tom drove the jeep back with Nadine riding shotgun. 
Jared and Sara took two canteens of water, and one of iced tea. Nadine made them some more roast beef sandwiches, and tucked in a package of coconut macaroons, when Jared wasn’t looking. “They’re his favorite,” Nadine whispered in Sara’s ear.
Sara, Tom, and Nadine waited out front, while Jared went to the garage, and brought out his bike. Jared passed Sara her helmet and put his on. Sara crawled in behind him and wrapped her arms tightly around his waist. Jared revved the engine a couple of times and looked back.
“Have a safe trip!”
“We will, Mother.”
“Take care of Sara!”
Jared turned round, lifted his and Sara’s visors, and kissed her, “With my last breath Mother. Don’t worry, Dad. I’ll be back in time to help with the chores. See you later,” he said and let out on the clutch. Sara waved back to Nadine and Tom, as they drove off.

Chapter 25
Jared took Sara where he and his father had been repairing the fence. There were still a few weak posts, so Jared said his father would probably keep the horses in the pasture closer to the barn instead of letting them in the northern range.
They stopped on a high ridge. Jared scanned the desert with his binoculars. He sat back on his bike and passed them to Sara. “I don’t like this….”
“Did you see anything?”
“No, that’s what bothers me.” He scanned the country again with his natural eye. “I suppose Satan could have found a wild herd of mustangs, and ran off with them.” Jared turned to face Sara. “Did Myra tell you Satan was a wild mustang?”
“She mentioned it, but she never told me the whole story.”
Jared sighed. “Dad and Granddad were out, scouting for mountain lions, when they came across the half-eaten corpse of a horse. Lying next to it was a colt - couldn’t have been over two or three weeks old. They thought the colt was dead too, but when they checked it, they found he was still breathing.”
Sara brought her hand to her mouth. “Oh dear.”
“Granddad gave it some water from his canteen. Dad wanted to get it out of its misery, but Granddad wouldn’t let him. He cradled the colt in his arms, and they rode back to the house. Neither of them had much faith in the little guy. Mother put him on the back patio on one of Grandma’s woolen blankets. He was so dehydrated and weak, he wouldn’t even eat.”
Jared smiled, remembering. “I came home from college, and when they told me about him, I tried to see if I could get him to drink, or eat something. Mother had taken some cornmeal mush, and thinned it out with warm cow’s milk, then put it in a huge bottle, used to feed calves. She hoped if the colt drank the liquid that the mush might give him a little strength since it was so near gone. Every time I tried to give him the bottle he just turned his head to the side, and laid it on his back.  We all expected the colt to die. Even Granddad gave up hope. He said if the colt hadn’t improved by morning, he would get it out of its misery.
Myra begged them to give the colt to her. She promised to take care of it, and nurse it back to health. Dad finally gave in, but made her promise if she kept it, she would be responsible for taking care of it, which included putting it down if necessary.”
Jared rubbed his hands together to get rid of some of the dust. “I had decided, if the little guy had to be put down, I would do it. I knew it would be too much for her – despite the promise she’d made. The colt responded differently to Myra, almost as if he had been waiting for her, as though their paths had crossed for a reason.”
Sara’s interest piqued. “So the colt ate for Myra, but, not for you or your grandfather?” 
“Yes. Myra started feeding, well, force feeding it fresh cow’s milk in the beginning. What little she was able to get him to drink gave him the scours. He wasn’t used to it, and he nearly died from that. Finally, Myra kept working with him, and he got better. He’s Angelstar’s Daddy, by the way. Angelstar is going to be a little horror. She’s got her father’s fiery spirit.”
Jared kissed Sara. “Anyway, now you know the story of Satan.” He put his helmet back on. “Come on, we’ll go a little further out in the desert, closer to where the mustangs range, and see if we can find any tracks.”
“If he is running with the wild mustangs, how will you be able to tell his tracks from theirs?”
Jared smiled. “Easy. All our horses are shoed, the tracks will be different. Besides, Granddad taught me how to tell one horse’s tracks from another’s. The differences are subtle, but they’re there, if you know what to look for.”
Sara couldn’t understand why, but she had a gut feeling this day would end in sorrow and tears, for Myra. There was a strange feeling hanging in the breeze. Jared hadn’t said, but Sara knew he felt it too. She could hear the sadness in his voice. 
------------
Ten or fifteen minutes later, Jared stopped on another high ridge and scanned the area again. He lowered his binoculars, handed them to Sara and sighed heavily. “Oh no….”
“What is it?”
“Hopefully not what I think it is. There’s a flock of vultures circling just over there.” He pointed below the ridge.
Sara looked but couldn’t see anything. Maybe it was too far away for her to focus on, or she needed to have her eyes checked. She shielded them with her hand. “Where, Jared?”
“We’re going down a rough area. Hang on.” The front of the bike dropped. Jared started weaving his way down a faded path to the bottom of the valley. When they were about twenty feet away from whatever the vultures were feasting on, Jared stopped the bike, took off his helmet and handed it to Sara. “Stay here. You don’t need to see this. If this is what I think it is, it won’t be pretty.”
Jared took his rifle from his saddlebag, aimed it toward the sky, and fired off a few rounds. The gathering birds took flight, rising from the ground like a thick black cape. Sara sat patiently waiting. A few minutes later, Jared came back. His dark eyes were glossed with threatening tears, filled with pain and remorse. He swallowed hard. “It’s him….”
Poor Myra. “What happened?”
“I don’t know for sure, but Dad needs to see this. He jumped back on the bike, slipped on his helmet, and turned around, climbing back up the ridge, unlocking his cell. “Dad, it’s me. We’re about five miles west of the north ridge….. Yeah, we found him…. I want you to have a look first, but it looks like anthrax…. No, they were swarming overhead, and had just started to gather. I ran them off. We’ll stand guard, and make sure nothing gets to the carcass…. Dad, just in case it’s anthrax, don’t you think it might be an idea to get Leo…. Really…? All right, then, we’ll see you in a few…. Well, not entirely, but I’m pretty sure…. Right…. We will….. See you then.” Jared ended the call.
Fear bolted through Sara. “Jared, I’ve heard anthrax is dangerously contagious in its airborne form!”
Jared turned, reading the concern on her face. He circled his arm around Sara’s waist and pulled her close. “I was careful not to touch anything Sara. I’ve seen this before, but I’m not an expert, it may not be anthrax. We’ll have to wait. Dad is bringing our local vet, Leo, with him. Apparently Leo dropped by for a visit and they’d been having coffee.”
Jared put his helmet on again. “We need to keep the vultures from picking at the carcass.”
“They haven’t picked at it yet?” Sara would be surprised if they hadn’t already.
“No, they were just getting ready to feast, talk about timing.”
“If it’s anthrax, can’t it be spread by the vultures?”
“No, but it can be by the other animals, especially coyotes. If they catch the scent of the decaying carcass, they’ll come searching for it. Coyotes are scavengers themselves, and unlike the vultures, their digestive system doesn’t destroy the anthrax bacteria. Once my father and Leo get here, we’ll destroy the carcass if that’s what it is.” He sighed and rubbed the back of his neck. “Unfortunately, the rest of the herd will need to be tested. They may have to be… put down to keep it from spreading.”
Sara gasped. “All of them?” That would mean they would lose the whole heard, including Jade and Angelstar!
He swallowed hard, reading Sara’s mind. “Yes Sara. I’m afraid, if they test positive, the entire herd, including Jade and Angelstar. All of them would have to be destroyed.”
Sara’s eyes filled with tears. “No!”
Jared wrapped his arms around her, as silent tears slid down her cheeks. “I’m sorry Sara. I know how much you love Angelstar and Jade. And the fact that Satan is Angel’s sire will make it worse. If we lose her, we lose Satan’s bloodline. Let’s just hope it hasn’t spread to the herd.”
They rode back down the ridge, closer to where the horse’s carcass lay, decaying and drying in the Arizona sun. Jared broke off some branches from a desert ironwood, and used them, together with some dry straw and made small fires, equal distances around the carcass. The fires would prevent the vultures from landing again. 
Jared drove the bike a safe distance away, parking in the shadow of a giant saguaro cactus. He told Sara because the cactus had so many side arms it was ancient. Apparently, saguaros can take up to seventy-five years to form a single side arm. This one had several, which meant it could be hundreds of years old. 
Sara didn’t care how old the cactus was. She was just glad it loaned them its silhouette against the unbearable heat. She could tell, by the prickling feeling on the back of her neck, she would soon be suffering severe sunburn, had it not been for the cactus.
Since Jared and Sara had gone down trails the 4x4 wouldn’t be able to follow, it would take a while for his father to get to them, so they decided to eat their roast beef sandwiches, before they spoiled. Because of the heat, the sandwiches almost tasted as if they’d just been taken out of the microwave. The cold iced-tea made the sandwiches taste even better. It helped to wash down some of the desert dust their throats had been parched with.
Jared saturated his bandana with water and handed it to Sara. “Wipe your face with this, it looks a little red. You’re not getting a headache or feeling dizzy, are you?”
Sara smiled and squeezed the bandana above her head, relishing the water as it fell like raindrops on her face. Her skin absorbed them, almost as fast as the desert drank the excess water splattering on the sand. “No, I’m fine, but I‘ve got a mild headache, probably caused from the constant rumbling of the bike, I’m not used to that.”
Jared touched the back of his hand to her forehead. “Are you sure?”
Sara smiled, insistent. “Really. I’m fine Jared. I’m tougher than I look!”
Jared sighed, subjugated. “All right, but if you start feeling dizzy, we’re going back, coyotes or no coyotes.”
Sara smiled and nodded. She furrowed her brow, held her bottom lip between her teeth, glanced at Jared, and then looked away. She drew in a breath and sighed deeply. Jared watched her with curious eyes. “What’s on your mind Sara?”
“On my mind – nothing,” she answered quickly. “Why?”
“You look as if you wanted to ask me something.” He brushed the back of his fingers down the side of Sara’s face, smiling into her eyes. “You can ask me anything, and if it’s something I can tell you, I will tell you the truth.”
Sara grinned, lowering her head, mildly embarrassed. “I’m curious. What exactly is a mirage? Are they real, or do they just happen in the movies?”
Jared laughed. “Is that all?”
Sara scoffed. “That’s exactly why I hadn’t said anything. I figured you would think I was being silly and laugh at me – forget it!” Sara turned away. Jared laughed again. “See, you’re still doing it,” she said, glancing over her shoulder and turning away again.
Jared cradled her face in his hands. Sara glared at him. Jared sighed and leaned, locking his gaze with hers. “Sara… I wasn’t laughing because of what you said. I was laughing because I’m relieved. I was afraid you were going to ask me something that I couldn’t tell you, or shouldn’t tell you. It’s hard for me to deny you anything.” he whispered. Sara flicked her gaze at him and then away, eyes still narrowed, brows still pulled together. Jared grinned, kissing her until she stopped resisting him. Sara gasped, when he let her breathe.
“You don’t fight fair….” 
Jared grinned temptingly. “All’s fair in love and war Sara.” He kissed her again, molding his lips to hers. Her entire body tingled. At that point, Sara was more than a willing participant, almost as demanding as him. He opened his mouth, teasing her lips apart and sweeping her mouth with his tongue, mingling his hot breath with hers. He pulled back. “Sara, unless we want to be caught with our pants down –we need to cool it a bit. My father is on his way out here, remember?” Head tilted back, eyes still closed; Sara couldn’t comprehend what Jared was saying. His kiss had teased her leaving Sara wanting more. “This is not a rejection, Sara.” He gently kissed the end of her nose. “It’s a postponement.”
Sara sighed, disappointed. “Not that it will make a lot of difference in this heat, but I’ll give you a rain check.” She smiled alluringly, tracing his lip with her fingers, teasing him.
Jared groaned, rubbing his body against hers. “You certainly can have a play on words sometimes Squaw. You keep this up, when I use my rain check - I’ll make you pay….”
“Jared?” Sara shyly said, making his name a question.
“Hmm?”
“Since we’ve accomplished what we came out here to do, does that mean we won’t be spending the night under the stars?”
Jared grinned, an evil gleam glowing in his amber eyes. “Not necessarily….” 
Sara smiled. “Sometimes your eyes remind me of glowing stars….”
“Oh, sorry,” he said, sounding embarrassed, closing his eyes for a few seconds. He took a deep breath and let it out slow, opening his eyes again. “Better?”
Sara licked her lips with the tip of her tongue and kissed him passionately. She studied his eyes, now glowing closer to crimson. “You’re determined to get me in trouble, aren’t you?” He stood.
Sara held her hands up in mock defeat, tilting her head innocently. “Me…?”
Jared looked down at her and smiled, shaking his head in disbelief. “Stay in the shade. If it moves, you move with it. I’ll be right back.”
The fires started to die down a bit. Jared added more wood and straw to the flames to keep the fires going, while they waited for Tom and Leo. Jared tied the pup tent from the cactus and his bike, making a temporary shelter from the sun. He sat on the blanket, leaning his back against his bike. Sara laid her head on his shoulder. Soon they both fell asleep.
------------
They were awakened by cold water being poured over their heads. Jared jumped up, surprised, sputtering the water from his mouth. He said something in Navajo that Sara couldn’t understand. From his tone of voice, it was self-evident that Jared wasn’t happy. Sara opened her eyes wide, trying to perceive the flash flood. Then there was laughing overhead. “Dad!” Jared grumbled as he wiped his face with his hands. “That was mean!” 
“That’ll teach you not to go to sleep in the desert in the middle of the day,” Tom chuckled. Leo laughed too. “Leo, you remember my Son Jared?”
“Of course,” he said, shaking Jared’s hand. 
“This is his fiancée, Sara Foster,” Tom said, smiling proudly.
Sara stood, dusted her hands on the front of her jeans, and shook Leo’s hand. “Pleased to meet you Leo.”
“Likewise,” Leo said, tipping his hat as he shook Sara’s hand. “Hey!” Leo said, looking at Sara as though he’d seen her before. “You’re not the same Sara Foster that’s been playing on our local radio station, are you?”
Sara blushed, looked at Jared, and he smiled. “Yeah, Leo, it’s her.”
Sara wasn’t aware her song had been on the radio, especially not all the way down here. She wasn’t sure how to take that.
“Wow – I didn’t expect to be seeing you out here like this. Celebrities don’t normally rub elbows with us common folk,” he said, winking at Jared.
Sara bowed her head, clearing her throat. “Leo, I’m not a celebrity.”
Leo scoffed. “Sure you’re not,” he said dubiously. “I’ll bet if you turn the radio on, it won’t be half an hour before you’ll hear it.”
“That’s not a bad idea,” Jared said and switched on his bike radio.
They stood and listened while the DJ read the news, and gave them the local forecast. Apparently it was going to be hot and dry. Then he went on to talk about the upcoming Country Convention.
“Well, I don’t usually do this, but I’m gonna have to eat my words. I said I would never spin a country song on my show, but we’ve got so much response, both from the website and texts, that you guys are leaving me with little choice. Given the choice of hearing this little Louisiana gal strut her stuff and being staked in the desert – bring on the ketchup – I’ll eat my words,” He laughed. 
Sara has been burning up the country and western charts from Arkansas, all the way to Salt Lake City Utah, maybe further. The funny part is that the fans have been hounding me, wanting to know where they can get Sara’s music. Well, guys, all I know, for the moment anyway, is that Sara and the band still haven’t put any on the market. 
The story goes, Myra Thundercloud acquired a personal copy from her brother; passed that to someone at the university where she’s attending. They passed that to a friend, and so on, until it has been spread over the entire state. I promise, as soon as Sara releases something, you’ll be the first to know, so try and be patient.
Sara Foster, native of a small town in central Louisiana, called Crooked Creek, who just recently turned eighteen and completed her high-school education this past summer, apparently just made a move to Shreveport, about a hundred or so miles north of her hometown, to live with her Aunt Lucy. 
Shortly after her arrival, she met our own Jared Thundercloud of ‘Raging Storm’, and the rest is history. So, boys, if you’ve had your eyes set on Sara, I’m afraid she’s already taken, and if you don’t want to risk losing your scalp, you’ll look elsewhere.”
“Damn straight!” Jared commented, smiling at Sara.
“Anyways, Sara and ‘Raging Storm’ will be performing in the upcoming Country Convention, in Phoenix in a few weeks, so get your tickets reserved. Rumor is they’re going like wildfire this year - thanks to Sara. So, if you want to see her, along with the rest of the Thunderclouds and the other artists performing this year - get off your cans. Without further interruptions, let’s give her a listen for about the fourth time today. It’s Sara Foster with Voices.”
Leo laughed. “See what I mean. Girl you’re already famous. You better get yourself an agent.”
Sara looked at Jared. “No thanks, I’ve already got one.” 
“Well, I hate to do this,” Leo said, taking his case out of the back of the 4x4. “But, we better get down there and get this over with.” He handed Tom and Jared a pair of latex gloves, and a surgical mask. “These may not be necessary, but we’ll know soon enough.”
“Jared, grab that can of gas,” Tom said.
Jared turned to Sara. “You stay under the cover, and out of the sun!” 
Sara pouted, her lower lip jutting out a little. Jared smiled, touched her face, and gently pressed his lips to hers. “I won’t be gone long, I promise,” he said, his eyes turning and giving off a warm amber glow. He noticed Sara looking at him warily. He pulled his eyebrows down, confused. Sara bit her lower lip and motioned with her hand to his eyes. “Oh – oops!” he said, embarrassed. Jared closed his eyes and looked at Sara again. “Gone?” he asked, leaning to kiss her again. 
Sara put her hand up, holding him back. “Yes, but you better go before you start looking like a lighthouse.”
Jared smiled, put on his surgical mask, and ran after Leo and his father. 
------------
Sara waited under her make shift tent, impatiently playing with an ant on the stem of a cactus blossom. He was desperately trying to get to the blossom, but was finding it difficult, due to Sara’s childish interventions. She would allow him to have the taste of the sweet nectar within his grasp, only to turn the stem the other way around, forcing him to go all the way to the other end of the stem before he realized he’d missed his mark again. Sara had done this so many times now, she was sure the ant must be either dizzy or down-right gave up. The ant had stopped, mid-stem and just sat there, as though he was thinking to himself, “Stupid human. If I get a chance, I’ll show you some manners!”
Sara finally got bored and tossed the flower. When she saw giant rolls of black smoke rising above the carcass, she reasoned the men must be just about finished with their task. A couple of minutes later, they headed back. 
Sara chewed at the inside of her cheek, wondering what they had found out. Would they have burned the corpse anyway if it hadn’t been anthrax, or would they have just left it for the scavengers to finish off? Knowing it was Myra’s pride and joy, Sara doubted they would do that.
As they approached Sara, they were talking to each other, but they were still out of earshot, so she couldn’t understand what they were saying. 

Chapter 26
Without a word, Jared started packing the tools and equipment in the back of his father’s 4x4, then loaded his bike. From the look on his face, Sara sensed the news was grim. Silently she took his hand and hoisted in the back seat. Jared slid in beside her, and put his arm around her shoulders, pulling her close.
Tom waited until everyone was settled and buckled in before starting the engine, and heading back to the ranch. Because they had to go the long way around, it took them twice as long to get back. The sun was already starting to set. Once at the barn, Jared and Sara rode back to the house on his bike, driving unnecessarily slowly. With the engine barely above an idle, it was easy to talk, but Jared still hadn’t said anything. Sara grew concerned with his silent, dark mood.
“Are you all right?”
Jared sighed. “No, not really.”
“Can I ask?”
“Leo said it was anthrax. He and my father are testing the other horses. I should be there helping, but I just couldn’t. We’ll have to hope for the best. If any of the others tests positive….”
“Jared… I’m so sorry.”
“Yeah, me too, but more-so for Myra.”
“When will your father tell her?”
“Straight away, I would imagine. Keeping it from her is not going to change anything, or make it any easier for him or her.”
“No, I don’t suppose it would….” 
When Jared pulled in the garage, Myra’s roadster was already there. A lump formed in Sara’s throat. She felt sorry for Myra and hoped Tom told her soon. Knowing what she knew, Sara didn’t know how long she could keep her grief hid. Apart from her instinctive fear of Jared, Myra was wild and carefree, nothing bothered her. From Sara’s experience, the farther someone had to fall, the more their fall hurt. Myra would have a long way to fall.
Tom and Leo had been friends since childhood, so it wasn’t surprising when Tom invited Leo to stay for dinner. Leo, of course, graciously accepted. Nadine was an accomplished cook, and the Thunderclouds were excellent hosts. Most people who knew them jumped at an opportunity to socialize with them. Tonight, however, Sara was sure Tom had other motives for his neighborly gesture.
Telling Myra about Satan was not going to be an easy task, not even for him. Maybe Tom needed the extra-added support of his friend, and maybe he hoped Leo’s professional detachment would lessen the impact this news was going to have on her. Maybe, despite his strong, commanding demeanor, deep down, Tom was like any other father; afraid and unwilling to hurt his daughter.
------------
Whether they planned it, while in the desert, or it happened by sheer coincidence; after dinner that night, Tom, Jared, and Leo took Myra for a walk in the back yard. When Myra ran in the house with tear dampened cheeks, Sara knew the news had been delivered. As she passed Sara, Myra gave her a strange stare, almost a look of betrayal. Why should she feel that way? Does she in some way blame me? Is it my fault?
Nadine ran upstairs after Myra, supposedly to comfort her, but a few minutes later came back to the kitchen where Sara sat at the table. Nadine’s face was unreadable. She sat across from Sara and folded her hands on the table in front of her. For a long time, they sat in silence. Nadine spoke; her voice empty and small. She stared at her hands.
“You know, being a mother can sometimes be the hardest trial on Earth….”
Sara snorted. “So my mother says - especially when it comes to me.”
Nadine studied Sara’s eyes for a few seconds, her expression, still blank and unchanged. She suspired and then looked back at her hands. “Oh, don’t get me wrong, I love being a mother. I wouldn’t trade it for anything in the World. I love both my children. It’s just… hard, when you have to tell your child something you know is going to break their hearts. And… you want to take away that pain, or spare them of it altogether, and you can’t.” She looked up at Sara again, locking their gazes. “It’s part of the growing up process. It’s… a mother’s place to be responsible, strong and supportive. But it still doesn’t make the job any easier.”
Sara didn’t know what to say, or how to respond.
Nadine continued her reverie. “You never get used to that part – that and letting go….” Nadine paused, momentarily looking down at her hands again as she twisted them nervously. “…Watching them walk, headstrong into disaster, knowing you can’t change the direction of their path. Desperately wanting to point out the holes for them for fear that they might fall in, or wander down the wrong footpaths.” She fell silent. 
Sara had never seen Nadine like this. She seemed weak and vulnerable. Not the strong Navajo mother, with her iron clad ways, and years of tradition to guide her Sara had pictured her to be. Sara pondered on the meaning behind Nadine’s words. What prompted her to open up and confess her inner feelings to me? Are they for her own benefit – a form of confession – proof she was human? Were they meant for Myra? Or does it hit closer to home – for me and Jared? Afraid of what the answer might be, Sara didn’t ask.
------------
The awkward silence dragged on until they heard the men coming in from the patio. Nadine snapped back to reality and put on a plastic smile. Sara tried, but Nadine was better at pretending than Sara was. She didn’t know why, but Nadine’s mood and words worried Sara. Jared sat in the chair next to Sara. Leo said his goodbyes and Tom walked him to the door. Coming back into the kitchen, he laid his wide copper-toned hands on Nadine’s shoulders, gently massaging her neck. He sighed deeply. “Well, it’s done.”
Nadine reached up and patted her husband’s rough and wrinkled hands. She leaned her head back to smile at him. “So I gathered.” Tom mirrored her with a weak smile. “What do we do now?”
“Wait. Hope. Be there for her. Help her as much as she’ll let us. I don’t think trying to replace Satan would be a good idea. He was unique.”
Nadine’s face turned cold, bitter as she clenched her teeth together. “I just can’t see it. That horse fought to survive – he had to survive! For him to give up like that, without a fight - it just doesn’t seem right. He comes from a strong, sturdy bloodline, Tom. How did he get anthrax? Where did he get it?”
Tom scratched his head. “These things happen sometimes, Love. There’s not always a good explanation. Things turn out the way they do for a reason.” Tom paused looking directly at Jared. “No matter how much we try to ask the whys, sometimes, we have to accept our destiny without question.”
Sara glanced at Jared. The expression on his face was stressed. His teeth were clenched, and his jaw set like marble. His eyes were glowing deep amber and changing to pale crimson. Without asking, it was something Sara had learned to recognize. He was upset. Tom was communicating a silent message to his son, and Jared didn’t like the implications.
They stared at each other for a couple of minutes until finally; Tom broke the gaze. Jared closed his eyes, taking a deep breath. Sara understood that reaction too. The next time Jared opened his eyes, they would be normal again. He would be calm and collected, focused, hiding any signs of anger. Sara also knew not to ask what made him upset. Jared wasn’t going to tell her. 
Sara wished she had some of Jared’s abilities. If she had, maybe then, her mind wouldn’t be filled with so many unanswered questions. Jared looked back at Tom.
“I agree. Trying to replace Satan would be a mistake. Myra would be resentful - I know I would be.”
Nadine stood. “I think we could all use a nice hot cup of goan.” Without further prompting she went to the counter and started preparing the drinks.
------------
Nadine was right. The goan always seemed to do the trick. The atmosphere was much calmer when they moved to the lounge. Sara and Jared sat, cuddled up on the loveseat. He picked up the remote, and started flipping through the channels for something to watch. After accepting defeat, he put it on one of the music channels, and reduced the volume until the sound was nothing but background noise.
Tom watched the show a while with them. “So, Jared, are you and the band still participating in the convention this year?”
Jared smiled at Sara and squeezed her shoulder. “Sure. It’s what Granddad would have wanted. Besides, I’m looking forward to showing off the new star.”
Sara blushed. “Jared! I’m not a star,” she added, chagrined.
Tom laughed. “You’re not getting off that easy Sara. I’ve listened to your CD. They play your song almost non-stop on the radio. Honey, you’re a star already. You just need a little more promotion. After the convention, you’ll be well on your way.”
“We,” Sara corrected.
Jared chuckled and gently pushed her hair behind her ear. “Well, of course, I’ll be there with you, as will the rest of the band. But, you don’t need any of us. You shine all on your own Sara,” he said with admiration.
Sara tried changing the subject. She didn’t like being singled out. “Speaking of the band, how will they get down here – fly?”
“Probably,” Jared said. “Since we’re already down here. We usually all come together, by coach.”
“You have your own bus?”
Jared laughed. “No, we rent one for the occasion. Needless to say, we’ll probably need one soon, thanks to you,” he continued, turning the spotlight back on Sara.
Sara sighed, exasperated. “In that case, shouldn’t we go back, and get them and the equipment?”
“Not really. They’ve been here so many times they could find the ranch with their eyes closed. I’ll call and rent a van. Steve, Carl, and Lucy can get things together. They can handle it Sara.”
“Don’t you think we need to get in a little more practice before the convention?”
“We probably should get them down here a little early, so we can practice some. Dad?”
Tom looked away from the screen. “Hmm?”
“Could we set up in the far end of the garage?”
Tom smiled. “Sure. If you got too loud, the only neighbors that might complain would be the prairie dogs. That or Wil E,” he responded, chuckling at his private joke. Sara and Jared joined in, knowing he was referring to the Looney Tune cartoon character. 
Their euphoric moods changed when Nadine entered the room, and took her place beside Tom on the couch. Tom picked up her hand and placed it between his. His voice now serious, and sympathetic. “How is she?” 
Nadine sighed. “She’s coping.”
They all sat in silence for a while until Jared broke it. “So, Dad, are we still going to finish the fence in the morning?”
Tom glanced toward the stairs, at Nadine and then back at Jared. “I don’t know. I think the best thing to do is keep the rest of the horses away from the northern grazing grounds for a while. At least, until Leo has the results of the tests. If Satan died of anthrax, the ground where he went down will be contaminated. I don’t want the other horses dying too, especially not little Angelstar.” He glanced at Sara and grinned. “Sara seems to like her,” he said looking toward Jared, his voice full of prompting. “A lot….”
Jared cleared his throat. “Yes, she does. That reminds me, Sara. I’ve decided to give you Angelstar.”
Sara smiled, excitedly. “Really?”
Jared grinned. “Yes, really – if you want her. Remember, a horse is a big responsibility, especially one that’s half mustang. They’re a little feistier than domesticated horses.”
Sara pursed her lips. “I don’t know, Jared. Angelstar is Satan’s colt. Wouldn’t it be more appropriate to give her to Myra? She is all that’s left of Satan, now – correct?”
Jared seemed disappointed. “Yeah, but….”
“It’s not that I don’t want her. I just think, you should at least, ask Myra first. If she doesn’t want her, I’ll gladly take her. I’ve never owned a horse.”
Tom looked at Jared and smiled. “That might not be a bad idea. If Myra does want the colt, we’ve got plenty of horses. Sara can have her pick.”
Sara smiled. “You don’t have to do that, Tom.” 
He glanced at Jared again. “No, I don’t, but, I want to. Besides, they’re half yours already. They belong to Jared. I’ve just been looking after them for him.”
Sara smiled. “Thank you….”
“Jared, wasn’t there also a matter of looking for a piece of land – to build a house on?”
“Mother spoke to you about it?”
“Yes, she has, and I think it’s a wonderful idea. We’d love to have you and Sara closer by. It would be good for Myra too. She’s been lonely since you left. She never says much about it, but I can tell she misses you.”
Jared studied Sara’s eyes. “Well, we wouldn’t be permanently moving to Arizona, Dad. I’ve invested a lot of time and money in Wisteria Hall. I can’t just walk away from it, and I don’t want to sell it either. It was hard enough to get my hands on it for the price I paid. It’s not something that is going to happen again. However, I would like the opportunity to design and build my own house, our house.” He smiled.
Tom grinned. “Then it’s settled. Find the land you want, and I’ll have my lawyer draw up the paperwork. You can start building anytime you want.”
Jared looked at Sara again. “Well, we’re not in a big hurry. Let’s get a few loose ends tied up first. There’s the matter of the Council thing, now Satan, and the convention is just a few weeks away.”
Nadine laughed and raised an eyebrow at Jared. “And there is another matter that has to be dealt with too….”
Jared sighed and stood, towing Sara along. “Yeah. That will need to be sorted soon.” He winked at Sara. “I think it might be time for bed. It’s been a long and tiring day.” Sara smiled, automatically yawning to conceal her expectations. 
Jared squeezed her hand. The warm amber glow and sparkle in his eyes told Sara sleep was second on his agenda. He closed the door behind them, pushing her against the wall, pressing his body against hers. He claimed her lips as he slid his hands under her shirt, and grazed his fingers up her back. Sara shivered as he nibbled her neck. His voice deep and husky as he breathed against her skin. “I’ll cash-in my rain check now….”
After their shower, while they lay tangled in each other’s arms, Sara listened to Jared’s faint snoring. Because her mind was filled with too many mingled thoughts, Sara couldn’t sleep. She kept going back to the conversation in the lounge. What matter had Nadine and Jared been talking about that needed to be dealt with? It seemed like all of them were in on a private joke, and Sara had missed the punch line.
Sara started thinking about Jared’s grandmother. How she’d suddenly died, without warning. She thought about the sketches Jared hadn’t shown her. The information in George Thundercloud’s book. Myra’s horse, Satan. How they’d found him in the desert. Then her thoughts wandered back to the horrible dream she’d had of the wooden wolves. Her mind refused to settle enough for sleep to take her. 
Once Jared rolled over on his side, Sara decided to read. But what to read? The only book she’d brought with her was George Thundercloud’s, and she didn’t want to read that. It did not make for late night reading. Sara decided to web surf for a while. She quietly and carefully unzipped her laptop case. To her surprise, her loving bed partner had packed ‘Breaking Dawn’ for her. The last book of the ‘Twilight’ set. Sara smiled, and started reading, curious as to how the story would end. 
Around 3:30 or 4:00, Sara’s eyelids started drooping. She put her book down, cuddled up to Jared’s back and drifted to sleep.
------------
Sara did have a dream, but when she woke the next morning, all she could remember, was that her dream had been pleasant. As she rolled over to face him, Jared was just slipping on his boots. “I’m sorry. Did I wake you?”
Sara smiled. “No. I’ve been awake for a while. I had trouble falling asleep last night.”
Jared studied her eyes. “All things considered, that’s a little hard to believe. Am I losing my touch?”
 “I don’t know...” Sara pursed her lips. “Maybe you’d better check,” she smiled.
Jared narrowed his eyes, grinning wryly at her. He bent down, resting his weight on his arms on either side of her, and kissed her. Sara put her hand behind his neck, kissing him back, pulling him closer, and threatening to ignite a familiar fire. 
Jared considered undressing and giving in to her, but pulled back, resisting the temptation. “Oh no! We got away with that yesterday. I doubt Dad will be that patient this morning. I know what you want, but this time, I’m giving you the rain check.” He sat on the side of the bed and picked up his comb.
Sara reached for it and knelt behind him. Jared drew in a quick breath, closing his eyes, and handed it to her. She wasn’t helping his already aroused condition, as she pulled the comb through his long hair in slow, sensual strokes. “Are you helping your father with the fence again?”
Sara’s warm breath tickled his neck. Jared’s eyes changed to deepest glowing amber as he fought for control. He shivered as she used her fingers to separate his hair into parts, and lightly grazed her nails over the skin of his neck. “Yes… what are you and Mother doing?” he countered in an unsteady tone.
Sara finished braiding his hair and tied it off. She could tell by his quickened breath, she was getting to him. She traced the outline of his ear with her index finger, her voice seductive and alluring. “Actually, I was hoping I might go with you.”
Jared turned quickly, surprised. “You’re kidding – right?” 
“No. I thought I would take my guitar, and work on some new songs.”
Jared eyed Sara suspiciously. “It’s going to be very hot out there Sara.”
“I know – I don’t mind.” She kissed the side of his neck. “Please….”
Jared drew in a heavy sigh, grabbed her hand, and kissed it. “All right, but I’ll have to pack a beach umbrella, and make sure we’ve got plenty of water for everybody….”
Sara frowned and puckered out her lower lip. “You don’t want me to go with you?”
Jared raised an eyebrow and smiled. “You know I don’t care for you being with me. I just want you to understand the conditions you’ll be enduring – that’s all. We won’t be able to leave and bring you back, if you get bored. We want to try and finish today, so we could be out there for a very long time, maybe even until dusk….”
Jared was trying everything in his power to convince Sara she didn’t want to be there. All he needed was to have her out there, further testing his control, and tempting him. 
Sara was determined to prove she could rough it, if she needed to. “Don’t worry about me. I’ll take my book that you so graciously packed for me, and read it if I get bored. I’ll be fine, really. Please Jared – I want to be with you.”
Resist that – no way! “All right…” Jared reached for a cowboy hat from his closet. “But, you’ll have to wear one of these. And I do mean wear it,” he said, shoving it on her head, so the brim covered her eyes.
Sara sighed, and shoved it back, so she could see. “All right, I’ll wear it, but I don’t have to like it!”
Jared chuckled and took her hand. “Come on. We’ve still got to convince Dad….”
------------
Tom wasn’t as willing to give in as Jared had been. His attitude wasn’t helping Sara’s cause. Having experienced Sara’s determination, and felt her wrath at the same time, Jared was tolerant, but fuelled with the backing of Tom’s iron will, Jared agreed with his father. Sara should stay at home. 
Nadine stood in the background and enjoyed the argument with humorous interest. Knowing in the end Sara would win; Nadine had already packed extra food and water. When the debate was over, Tom crawled behind the wheel of his 4x4. Jared buckled his fiancée in the back and rode shotgun to his dad.
Not long in the journey, Sara realized she’d made a mistake. Tom was taking a different road to the one she and Jared had used. Apparently left from the last significant rainfall they’d had, this road was uncomfortable and riddled with deep potholes. Jared had explained, although the desert was dry, and they saw little rain; when it did rain, it came down in buckets. Water fell in such volumes that the arid sand couldn’t absorb it fast enough. As a result, they often suffered flash floods. Surely, this explained the enormous holes they kept swerving around, and bouncing through. 
If Sara voiced her opinion truthfully, she wished she’d listened, and stayed at home. It wasn’t the heat or her driving thirst that was going to kill her. It was this monstrous machine beneath her, intent on dislodging her insides, which threatened to do it.
Sara must have made some kind of noise, although she doubted it could be heard above the sound of the engine, and the constant banging of some loose item in the back, because Tom stopped the vehicle and Jared turned, his handsome face adorned with a sly grin. “You all right back there Angel?”
Using the back of her hand, Sara wiped the sweat from her cheek and straightened her hat. 
She opened her mouth to speak, but her throat was too dry from the desert dust. All that came out was a raspy whisper. Sara cleared her throat and tried again. “I’m perfectly fine….” My insides feel like scrambled eggs! I’m breathing baked earth, and I never want to sit down again! No problem! In truth, Sara felt like one of James Bond’s famous martinis – shaken - not stirred. Then she added the comment that called her bluff. “I don’t remember the road being this bumpy, on the bike….”
Jared laughed and turned in his seat. “That’s because on the bike it’s a lot easier to avoid the potholes. It’s not much further now – we’re almost there.”
Sara sneered at his back. The very corners of Jared’s mouth turned up.
------------
Tom approached what looked like a small canyon to Sara. Her eyes widened. Surely to God he’s going around it. As the front of the 4x4 angled down, Sara realized she was wrong. Oh shit! He’s not! Sara took a deep breath, quickly tightened her seat belt, and grabbed the handhold above her head. Did Thunderclouds descend from Japanese Kamikazes?
Jared grinned, said something to Tom in Navajo, and they burst out laughing. Obviously they didn’t intend for her to know they were enjoying themselves at her expense, and her posterior’s pride. As usual, Jared’s not much further, and we’re almost there, had turned into the day after eternity. Sara was about ready to throw up. 
When at last Tom pulled next to a row of fence post and stopped, Sara had started to feel like a dehydrated pea in a bushel basket – one with bruises on its backside.
Jared and Tom got out and walked around to the back. They each grabbed the side of an oversized roll of barbed wire and lowered it to the ground. Sara decided that was what had been banging around in the back. She propped against the side of the truck and waited, while they walked a few paces and deposited the roll of wire next to the seated fence posts.
Jared came back, pulled out the massive beach umbrella and a chaser chair, and sat them up for Sara. He handed her a bottle of water from the cooler, and rested his hands on her shoulders, looking her square in the eye, his voice firm. “Now, you stay under this, and if you get thirsty – drink.” It wasn’t a request. It was a command, and Sara treated it as such. 
Her breath quickened, her eyes widened with confusion. Jared softened. He smiled and gently kissed her. Sara didn’t need water to keep her cool. She needed ice. Jared’s kiss had its usual effect. Sara pulled him closer. Jared smiled, instantly reading her thoughts, mirrored with his own. He sighed. “This is going to be a long day!” He left her to help his father. 
------------
Sara watched them for a while, and then started reading her book. She was anxious to see how the story ended but was too tired, and promptly fell fast asleep and started dreaming again, but this time, it wasn’t about wooden wolves and totem poles. Even that dream made more sense. This one flashed from one scene to another so fast it was entirely incomprehensible.
At first, Sara saw herself sitting on the bed, looking down at George Thundercloud’s book for the first time. She opened it as before. Instead of ink scrolling off the paper, a pale blue glow rose from the pages and hovered over her. There was a bright flash, and the next thing she knew, she was on her hands and knees, trapped on one end of the ledge at Mother’s Mountain. On the other end of the ledge, spiraled in a tight coil and poised to strike, was the pissed off rattlesnake.
The ground beneath Sara started to crack and crumble, forcing her to inch forward, toward the rattlesnake. A few seconds after she’d moved to a more substantial part of the ledge, the ground began to crack and collapse. Sara had two choices - move forward or plummet to her death. 
After being forced to move forward again, Sara started to call out for help. She eagerly looked up for Jared, but this time no one came. Each time Sara was forced to move forward, the rattler’s strike came closer and closer to her face. Whether it happened from the rattlesnake or a fatal fall, it was inevitable. Sara was going to die.
As the ground began to crack and crumble, Sara decided rather than die a slow, agonizing death from the rattlesnakes’ venom, she’d rather die by falling. It might be painful at first, but then it would be all over. 
Sara drew in a deep breath and closed her eyes. Her heart raced as she felt the ground starting to crumble. She screamed as she started to fall, but then her descent slowed. She started falling in slow motion. Sara opened her eyes and looked down. The ground had become a lake of molten lava. She could see tongues of fire rising off the surface. She could smell the sulfurous gases rising with the heat waves, burning her nose, and the back of her throat.
From the burning lake, came what appeared to be a bird, ascending from the flames. The lake began to morph, becoming the center of an active volcano. Sara saw a woman, standing a few feet away from the volcano. At first, she thought the woman might be her, but as she moved closer, Sara could see that the woman was actually Donna Rigden, Gary Browne’s cousin.
Donna was trapped. On one side of her was the volcano, on the other was a rattlesnake, bigger than the one Sara had faced, with glowing crimson eyes like Jared’s. 
The bird started to swoop down, heading straight for Donna. She picked up a rock and threw it. While the snake was distracted, Donna made a run for it. She was almost past the snake, when the bird grabbed her by the leg, and started dragging her toward the edge of the volcano.
Donna struggled to break free, but the bird sank its talons in her leg. Sara could see the blood soaking Donna’s blue jeans and dripping down her ankle. After a while, Donna stopped struggling, and the bird began to drag her toward the volcano. 
As she went over the edge, the woman had changed. It was no longer Donna, it was Sara. She was no longer an observer of the dream. The woman in the dream was Sara. She could taste the sulfur. She could see and feel the heat rising from the mouth of the volcano. Sara started struggling, and trying to scream as she saw the molten lava below her morph into first, the shape of Jared’s face and then Tom’s. They were both in the pit of molten rock.
------------
“Sara... Honey... It’s all right, Sara. Honey wake up. You’re having another nightmare.” Jared was gently shaking her shoulders, and wiping her face with his water saturated bandana. He was afraid she might be suffering a heat stroke. “Sara, are you awake? Are you too hot?” 
Sara opened her eyes. She threw her arms around Jared’s neck, hugging herself close to his body, as she cried on his shoulder. “Jared! You’re alive – both of you! Oh God Jared! It was horrible. At first it was Donna. The bird was dragging her into the molten lava, and then it was me.” 
Tom softly laughed. “Well, of course we’re alive, Sara. It’s you, we’re worried about. We’ve been trying to wake you up for the last five minutes. You were struggling, and trying to scream.”
“It’s all right Angel. It was just a dream.” He picked Sara up, holding her in his arms.
Sara looked up at Tom. “The dream seemed real, Tom. You were both there. In the middle, of the molten lava.” She looked back to Jared. “There was a big bird, dragging Donna down in the pit. Then it wasn’t Donna it was – Oh Jared!” Sara started crying again.
“Shh… It’s all right. We’re both fine. Dad, I’m going to put her in the 4x4, out of this heat. Start packing things up and I’ll help you when I get her settled.”
“No, you go ahead and stay with Sara. I can put this stuff in by myself. Just make sure she’s all right, and we’ll head back home.”
Jared sat Sara on the back seat and crawled in beside her. He put his arm around her shoulders, lifted her chin, and kissed her. Sara almost forgot the dream. “Jared, how much can you tell me about your – family trait – the thing with your eyes?”
“Pretty much anything you want to know. Why?”
“I don’t know why I keep having nightmares about wolves, and strange blue crystals, and rattlesnakes and burning pits of fire. I didn’t dream about wolves this time, but this one was scarier than the last dream.”
Jared pulled his brow together. “Tell me the dream about the wolves. What happened?”
“There were three wolves, a white one, a black one and a charcoal grey one. The black one was the alpha of the pack, but the charcoal one challenged the black one and killed it. It bit the black wolf’s head off, and then the charcoal wolf changed to Seth. The black wolf changed to your father and the white one….”
Jared sighed. “Changed into me, right?”
“Yeah. I’m scared, Jared. What does it mean?”
“Probably nothing Angel. It was just a dream. You probably fell asleep while you were reading your book. I think I need to make you a dreamcatcher,” he joked.
Sara smiled. “I think I could use one. You know, I’ve had dreams before, but none like this. These seem real. I’m afraid I’m going to lose you.”
Jared kissed Sara’s temple. “You’re not going to lose me Sara. It was just a dream.”
Tom finished loading the 4x4 and started the engine. He didn’t comment on the fact that Jared was sitting in the back with Sara. He turned around in his seat. “So, is our girl OK then doc?”
Jared smiled. “Yeah, she’s fine, but I think she needs to stay out of the sun.”
“Don’t worry, Sara. We’ll be home in just a little while, and then you can stretch out on the patio, or go for a swim in the pool. That should cool you off.”
------------
They were about halfway home when Tom’s cell rang. Since it wasn’t a main road, he accepted the call and propped it against his ear with his shoulder. “Yeah…? Oh, hi Leo…. Really?” 
Jared leaned forward. “What is it, Dad?”
Tom held up his hand. “Oh, I see. Well what about the rest of the herd...? Honestly! Well, at least that’s something. You’re certain…? All right…. I will, thanks, Leo.” Tom ended the call and put his cell back in his pocket. “That was Leo. It was anthrax….”
Jared looked at Sara, a serious look on his face. This was the news he was hoping not to get. Sara was heartbroken. She couldn’t stand the idea of putting down Jade or Angelstar. It just wasn’t fair. Tears glossed Sara’s eyes.
Jared turned to his father. “What about the rest of the herd?”
Sara held her breath as they waited for Tom’s response.

Chapter 27
Tom seemed to be lost in his own world, ignoring Jared. “Dad!” Jared repeated forcefully.
Tom jerked his head. “Hmm?”
“What about the other horses?”
Tom smiled. “Oh they’re fine Jared. The rest of the herd wasn’t affected.”
Jared embraced Sara. “Thank God. I didn’t know if I could put them down.”
Tom breathed a heavy sigh of relief. “I wasn’t looking forward to it either.”
Sara stood. “Well, I’m going to wash off some of this dust.”
Jared reached for her hand and smiled; a familiar twinkle in his eyes. “I’ll join you….”
Nadine grinned. “Would you like me to call you when dinner is ready?”
Jared kissed the top of her head. “Thanks Mother.”
------------
Without a word, as he and Sara entered their bedroom, Jared turned and locked the door. He draped their bathrobes over his arm. With eyes full of fire, already glowing warm amber, Jared slowly walked up to Sara. He took her hand and led her into the bathroom. 
Sara walked to the shower cabinet, and reached to turn on the water. Jared walked up behind her and gently placed his hand over hers. From the look in his eyes and the way he was acting, Sara knew this wasn’t going to be a five-minute shower.
Jared took her hand and led her in front of the large garden tub. “Let’s do this a little different this time,” he breathed against the side of her neck as he kissed it. 
He turned on the water, adjusting the temperature until he was satisfied with it, and started filling the tub. He poured a capful of greenish liquid from a small bottle and drizzled it under the running water. He then swirled it around a few times. It didn’t froth up. It wasn’t bubble bath. 
The room was filled with an exotic floral fragrance, pungent, but pleasant to the senses. It made Sara feel relaxed and slightly drowsy, as though she was drifting. 
Any other time, Sara would have been curious enough to ask what it was, but she was too enthralled by the sensation.
She silently watched Jared with curious eyes, as he opened a little door beside him, and romantic Native American flutes started softly playing. He adjusted the sound until the music was barely audible, fading in the background. He smiled at Sara and softly caressed her face. His touch so gentle she barely felt it.
From a medicine cabinet, over the vanity, he brought out some scented tealight candles, and dropped them in what appeared to be normal glass holders. 
Jared then spaced them along the rim of the bathtub. Seven different holders. Seven different candles. Seven different positions. Then one-by-one he started lighting them, whispering something in Navajo as he lit each one. The air was filled with a mingled scent of roses, wildflowers, cinnamon, cranberry, and fresh rainfall.
Sara was amazed at how Jared had used the different scents. Every one affecting her senses in a different way. Strange and exciting, yet natural and delicate as the atmosphere he’d created around them. Each fragrance and effect blended in perfect harmony with the other.
After he’d lit the seven candles, he closed his eyes. Breathing deeply, as though pulling invisible life into his lungs. He slowly dimmed the lights until there was barely enough to see by. The room transformed to a masterpiece of light and color. Like tiny crystals, kissed by the morning sun as they projected hundreds of tiny rainbows over their bodies.
Jared opened his eyes of darkest crimson, so deeply shaded they were almost black. Sara’s eyes glossed as he lovingly gazed at her. The rainbow spectrums dancing off his eyes like sunlight on the water. 
He turned off the faucet, and swirled his hand through the water again, making sure it was just the right temperature. Hot and steaming, but not unpleasant to the touch.
Jared walked in front of Sara, studying her eyes as he eased the clip from her hair. It fell down like silk, cascading over her shoulders. He picked up a handful, and brought it to his nose, inhaling deeply, as if he intended to consume her essence. His eyes burning like the raging fire inside him. A fire that water couldn’t quench.
Jared slid his hands up Sara’s arms from her elbows to her shoulders, lingering on her neck, kissing it and teasing it between his teeth. He reveled in Sara’s response, as though his life’s goal was to bring her unexplained pleasure. 
He worked his way across her face, softly and gently kissing it, until his lips found hers, and claimed them as his own. 
What is he doing to me? Sara felt as if she were floating outside her body. Like her spirit was bonding with the elements of the cosmos, falling like tiny grains of stardust. Feeling so utterly a part of him, and yet connected with everything in existence. 
Sara wondered if making love was like this for everyone, or was it just another one of Jared’s natural talents that only she would enjoy. Was her body the only canvas he’d used to paint his masterpieces, or had he done it before with someone else? Would he ever use it again? Or would he lock these special moments away in the secret hollows of his heart? If he had loved someone this way, Sara couldn’t imagine them ever giving this feeling up. Jared’s love was so special, almost magical. 
As Sara stared into Jared’s eyes, her mind couldn’t conceive. Is he for real? Is this real? Could it be another elaborately woven dream she’d forgotten? Like the beautifully hand-woven blankets, his grandmother had made. Did Jared have this one locked in his secret vault among the other things he kept hidden from her?
What had Sara done to make her deserve his unique love? Would she ever feel worthy of him? Would she ever be able to accept that he’d chosen her to give this unique love to? Had they come together by mere chance, or was it something stronger that had drawn them together that day – destiny? 
Sara pondered on the question she’d asked Jared, when at last he surrendered and proclaimed his love to her, high on Mother’s Mountain. Had they made love before in his dreams? Jared hadn’t answered yes, and he hadn’t answered no. Sara couldn’t help but wonder. Had they? 
Was that the foreknowledge Jared had drawn from, that made him know how to play her body like a symphony achieving his desired response? Did Sara know this, deep in her subconscious – was that the reason she’d trusted him from the moment their eyes met? Was this what it felt like to know your perfect match, your soulmate for eternity? 
Sara had never been this close to anyone before, not even Jeff. She cared for Jeff, but their relationship never reached a higher level, not compared to this level of intimacy. Jared had woven himself in her soul. 
Heaven help if anything should ever happen to Jared – it couldn’t! It just couldn’t. Sara would die! She shouldn’t be able to say that, not for the short time they’d been together, but Sara knew it, as well as she knew her name. If anything ever happened to Jared, Sara would cease to exist. She wouldn’t want to exist.
Sara’s silent reverie ended as Jared slowly glided his hands up the back of her neck, intertwining his fingers through her hair at the base, pulling them through its full length several times, sending fiery electric current through every part of her body. 
Jared’s touch was soft, calm and extremely sensual. Sara responded so easily to his touch. He knew her, as though he could read her like a book. Where and how to touch her body leaving her breathless. Sara’s heart was pounding so fast and so hard now; it was almost a single sound, blending with the atmosphere around her.
Jared studied Sara’s eyes as she removed the tie from his hair, and upbraided it, marveling at the way it spilled down his bronze shoulders like a liquid obsidian waterfall. 
Sara was new to this height of feelings. She knew nothing of love but what Jared had taught her. 
She began to feather her hands over his body, starting at his groin, slowly sliding under his shirt, and across his chest. Teasing the skin of his back as she raked the tips of her fingernails up and down it. Jared groaned inwardly. 
Sara wondered if she was doing her part right. She must be. Jared’s breath was quick and shallow. His eyes were closed. His head leant back, savoring this moment like sweet nectar on the tip of his tongue.
Sara slowly lifted the bottom of his t-shirt, and eased it over his head, tossing in on the floor. She pressed the full length of her body against his, wrapping her leg around the back of his, melding their bodies with nothing but a whisper between them. She kissed him along the sides of his neck and his earlobes, teasing them between her teeth. 
Jared watched Sara, his eyes a burning lake of smoldering lava. His body throbbing with famishing hunger. His arms warm and soft as the wings of an angel. He groaned, unable to control his desire and need any longer. He tilted her face up to his, teasingly moving his lips close to hers, but not touching. He breathed on them. Sara was so weak she felt faint. 
At last, just when Sara thought she was going to fade away, Jared gently kissed her. His kiss was warm, soft, sweet and lingering, as he continued to fuel the fire burning and soaring inside her, consuming her with lustful desire.
Something new was happening, something wild and strange and marvelous. Sara didn’t know how much more her body could take. Jared had made love to her before, and Sara thought she’d felt all there was to feel. Like there was nothing more Jared could do to her that he hadn’t already done – she was wrong. Whatever Jared was doing to her right now, was indescribable, as though their souls were merging. 
Jared brought his lips back to hers, passionate and demanding, drawing life and essence from Sara as he sleeved her t-shirt over her head. He then loosened her bra, letting it fall to the floor. He stood there for a few seconds, gazing at her near naked body, bathed in the hundreds of tiny spectrums, drinking her with eyes that burned with love only for her.
He trailed his gaze up Sara’s body until their eyes met. He smiled as she placed his hands on the buckle of her belt. With shaky hands, Sara unfastened the button of Jared’s jeans. She kissed him as she slowly slid the zipper down, and ran her hands along the top, pushing them down over his hips. 
With hands stalwart as stone, as sure of their path as the blood that flowed through his veins, Jared unfastened Sara’s jeans, and slid them, along with her satin panties, down to her ankles in one slow sensual movement. Sara rested her hands on the top of his shoulders and stepped out. Jared pushed her crumpled clothes aside with his foot.
Jared locked his eyes with Sara’s again, as he unhesitantly stepped out of his clothes, standing totally naked in front of her in all his magnificence, unabashed and glowing glory. Sara couldn’t help but marvel at the sight of his body as she allowed her eyes to sweep over it. She loved Jared with every breath she took, with every beat of her heart; every fiber of her being was hopelessly consumed by him.
 Jared smiled and patiently waited for her eyes to drink their fill. Standing there, looking into his eyes of liquid fire, Sara knew how it felt to be loved. She was a woman in love, totally devoted to the point of obsession. Jared was lifting her to such heights; she could reach out and touch the stars.
He pulled her closer, running his hands over her body as though he was painting an eternal scene, using his fingertips as the brush. Coloring his canvas in shades of his love. That’s how she felt right now; her body was the stilled canvas with which he was sharing the gift of life. 
Jared took her hand, steadying her as she stepped in the steaming floral lake. She slid down to one end, making room for him. Sara looked up at him as he slid in behind her, pulling her into his warm embrace, kissing along the sides of her neck, and across her shoulders and back. 
Sara turned to face him, gliding to his arms, crushing her lips to his – eager, hungry, devouring - acting on nothing but pure impulse and natural instincts. 
Jared opened his mouth and drank her like fresh morning dew, pulling her hard against his chest, softly breathing in her ear, “Ayor anosh'ni yishdlį́į́h Sara,” and then repeating, so she was certain to understand, “I love you always Sara, always, forever.”
The words moved Sara when spoken in Navajo, but when Jared repeated them in English she felt her heart bursting open, her eyes filled with tears. Jared took her face in his hands and kissed the tears away.
 He started tracing kisses over her face again, to her ear, down the sides of her neck and lower until he kissed her breasts. He gently flicked the tip of his tongue over her erect nipples, kissing and teasing them until Sara thought she was going to explode.
Jared was patient with Sara, guiding and moving her into position, slowly and gently joining his body to hers, moving inside her, touching parts never before touched. He held his own passions at bay until Sara was panting, groaning, pulling him tightly against her as she moved her body in perfect rhythm with his, begging for sweet release. Each moan or sigh she made, Jared intensified her pleasure. Each thrusting frenzied movement bringing them closer to the edge of implicit pleasure. 
Sara had never felt such ecstasy, and such pleasure. She arched her back, her body convulsing as her insides imploded with such force, had it not been for the fact that she was still breathing, and her heart was still beating, Sara truly would have believed she’d died. Not looking, into the face of God but beyond it, through the infinite ages - past, present and future – all at once.
Jared pulled her tight against his body as tears ran down her cheeks like minuscule mountain streams. He was leading her through the blazing pits of hell, and gently bathing her with the drifting snow as she hovered among the clouds. 
Their bodies were surrounded by the pale blue glow. The glow Sara had seen in her dream. She fought desperately to catch her breath as wave after wave of endless pleasure washed over and through her like a raging sea crashing against a rock-strewn shore. 
Jared drew in a deep sigh, his body trembling against hers as he reached his peak – filling her with life. 
“Now we’ve got it right,” he whispered, breathlessly. “This… is forever.”
Sara couldn’t speak. There were no words. She was beyond words. All she could do was stare back at him, hopelessly lost in his eyes. What was left of her spent body continued to drift, floating, gently soaring on the edge of reality. It couldn’t be possible for her to be more in love with Jared than she was at this extremely special moment in their lives. She never wanted it to end. Jared kept her that way for a long time, their bodies joined as their spirits whispered words of everlasting love to one another.
Isn’t it always at the greatest moments of pleasure, that we’re faced with unhappy thoughts, for it was then that Sara remembered she’d forgotten to do something. Something that could have lasting consequences for both of them. She felt she’d betrayed him, but the time for regret had passed. She pushed the thought from her mind.  Right now, she didn’t want anything to spoil this perfect moment. 
When Sara and Jared finally glided back down to Earth, they bathed each other. 
Sara was convinced it couldn’t be possible for another man to love a woman as Jared had just loved her; as he’d promised to love her till the day she died – and beyond. She wondered if it was just God’s gift to Jared to be able to give himself so perfectly, mind, body, and soul to someone as he’d given himself to her. As they’d surrendered themselves to each other. Sara silently prayed she hadn’t betrayed that trust.
------------
Jared’s cell rang. He groaned, reluctant to move as he leaned over, retrieving it from his jeans pocket. He took a long steadying breath before pushing the speakerphone. “Hello, Mother.”
“Sorry to disturb you, but dinner is almost ready.”
“We’ll be right down,” he said, and disconnected the call. His voice was filled with regret. “Well, I suppose we’ll have to get out now, but not before I have one last kiss,” he said, crushing his lips to hers again, tempting another volcanic eruption. “I don’t know about you, but I’ve worked up one hell of an appetite. I could eat a bear – I hope Mother is serving one.” He grinned.
Sara was too polite to ask. She made a face. Jared laughed. “I was only kidding Sweetheart. You don’t honestly think I could eat the whole bear - do you?”
Sara gave Jared a strange look, unwilling to accept the possibility that she would actually eat bear meat. 
Jared laughed again, leaned over, and kissed her forehead. He smiled. “I love you. You’re so innocent and naive.”
Sara narrowed her eyes at him as he held her hand and helped her out of the tub. They quickly dressed and hurried downstairs. 
Sara was desperately trying to keep a straight face. She was convinced their lovemaking had been more audible than they’d realized. With what they’d just done – it had to have been!
Jared held a chair for Sara and sat beside her, showing no sign of emotion or embarrassment. Sara envied him as she fought to keep the color from her cheeks. For some reason, she sensed they knew everything.
Tom looked from Sara to Jared with a sly grin on his face as he passed Jared the fried chicken. Jared nervously cleared his throat, and carried on preparing his plate, pretending he didn’t see his father’s knowing glance.
As soon as they were finished eating, Sara started helping Nadine clear away the dishes. While Nadine was putting them in the dishwasher, Sara discreetly popped her little white pill in her mouth, keeping her fingers crossed, and hoping it wasn’t too late.

Chapter 28
That night, Jared slid in bed beside Sara, pulling her into his arms and kissing her. Sara rested her head on his shoulder. “Sleepy?”
Sara sighed. “Yeah, a little.” Her mind was still unsettled, afraid she’d screwed up. How could she be so careless when he trusted her so completely? He must have sensed something.
“Sara, are you feeling all right?”
“Sure, why do you ask?”
“I don’t know. There’s something that’s different, but I can’t put my finger on it. Are you still sure about this – about us?”
Sara jerked her head up, looking into his eyes. They were suddenly filled with dark clouds and uncertainty. She frowned. “Why would you ask me something like that?”
“Because I need to know. I need to know that you’re as certain about me as I am about you.” Sara looked at him for a long time. Jared stared back at her, reading her with his eyes. “Well – are you?”
“Jared…” Sara’s voice broke. “I’m more certain about you than I’ve ever been about anything. Why don’t you believe me?”
Jared kissed her forehead, and eased her head back on his shoulder, softly caressing her hair. “It’s all right. I believe you. It’s just that… well… since we made love this evening; you’ve been a little… I don’t know, distant, I guess. Like you’ve had something on your mind – regret maybe.”
Sara started crying silent tears. She had betrayed him. Her heart was breaking.
Jared lifted her chin and studied her eyes. “What’s wrong Baby? Why are you crying – was it something I said?”
That made Sara cry more. Jared actually believed her tears were his fault. She couldn’t let him feel that way. It wasn’t his fault. It was hers – on both accounts. What to do? Tell him, that’s what. Sara knew it would do her no good to try and keep it from Jared. If her fears were founded, Jared would know anyway.
“Sara…?”
Sara swallowed the lump in her throat. Her heart was pounding so hard she was sure he could feel it. Jared’s face went blank. Sara had to think of something fast – make up her mind to face the consequences. But, what if it made him angry? After he’d learned how she’d betrayed him, what if he didn’t want her anymore?
Sara cried. “I’m sorry….”
He smiled at her. “Sorry for what? What have you got to be sorry for, Sara?” His smile quickly faded as he gazed into Sara’s eyes.
Sara laid her head back on his shoulder. Breathing in his scent for fear this might be the last time she could be this close to him. She could feel his muscles tensing up. “I didn’t do it on purpose – honest – I just forgot….” 
Jared’s voice was stern, now mildly agitated. “Forgot what Sara?”
“I’ve taken them up until yesterday – it just slipped my mind.”
“Did you forget to take your birth control pills?” he asked tersely. Sara nodded. Jared clenched her close to his body, so close she could barely breathe. He inhaled deeply, processing what she’d said. Sara guessed he was deciding whether or not, to be angry with her. Her silent tears spilled onto Jared’s bare shoulder. She held her breath. Finally, after a couple of minutes, Jared relaxed his hold on her, still holding her tight but no longer like a vise. He sighed. “It’s all right, don’t cry. I can’t stand it when you cry, no matter the reason, so please, stop crying.”
Sara sniffed. “But you’re mad at me. You think I did it on purpose to try and trap you.” What would Jared do if Sara told him about his Grandfather’s book? Could she risk that? No, let’s get past this first, but I will tell him; if not tonight then eventually, I will tell him.
Jared softly laughed. “Is that what you think? I’m not mad at you, you silly girl. Afraid, but never mad, not for that reason. How could I be?”
Sara’s voice was choked and rough. “I don’t deserve you….”
 “Oh yes you do – and I deserve you. If I hadn’t believed we deserved each other, I would never have shared my spirit with you Sara. It’s not something I do lightly.”
Maybe now is a good time to tell him about the book. Maybe it was time for her to lay all her cards on the table. Ask what she wanted, and not give in until he gave her answers. Answers he knew Sara would be most likely to find in the book, but she wanted them to come from him.
“If I tell you something else… will you promise to keep an open mind about it?” she timorously asked.
Jared drew in another deep breath, letting it out slowly. “You mean about the … book?”
Sara jerked her head up in surprise. “You know about the book? How could you?”
Jared kissed her lips and pushed her head back on his shoulder a second time. “Of course I knew.” 
“Jared?” she said, making his name a question.
“Hmm?”
“You said I should have come to you first and yet…” Sara stuttered, unsure of how to approach the subject, but she felt this issue needed to be resolved. “…when I mentioned the book… or when you….”
Jared lifted her chin and looked into her eyes. “Sara,” he breathed her name as though to him, it was the most precious name in the World. “Are you… afraid of me?” He asked the question as if the words caused him physical pain.
How could Sara answer – truthfully? Was she? She had been, in the beginning, the day his grandfather passed. Sara ran from him. Was it shock, or fear that made her run? Was she afraid of him or afraid for him? Sara blinked past stinging tears, and tried to answer Jared as honestly as she could, without hurting his feelings. “Yeah, I guess so – at least in the beginning but.…”
Again, his words seemed to cause him physical pain. “Are you now?”
Sara stared into the darkest brown eyes that she had grown so familiar with and shook her head. “No – not now. I’m not sure it was fear that made me run before. I think it was more of a reflex or shock than fear.”
Jared sighed. “Well, I’ve only myself to blame for that. I should have known once Granddad passed, the change would be stronger in me and harder to control, especially with you being my weakness.” Jared closed his eyes and kissed her forehead. “I don’t want you to be afraid of me – you don’t need to be afraid of me. I won’t ever do anything to hurt you – ever!”
“Will you tell me…? I mean, can I ask you about… it?”
Jared smiled. “What do you want to know?”
“Well, it’s not going to… get you into trouble with your Spirit Guide, or anything if you tell me… is it? Because if it will….”
Jared grinned. “Well, let’s see… other than having to crawl across the desert with a single drop of water on the tip of my tongue, walking through incinerating flames and draining my blood to the point of death….”
“What? No – I don’t want you to.…”
Sara felt him tensing up again. A smile played at the corners of his mouth. He was teasing her. She pursed her lips and narrowed her eyes at him. “That’s not funny!”
Jared chuckled silently. “I’m sorry. You were just, so serious, I couldn’t resist. Go on – ask me. There’s no turning back now, not after yesterday. You’re in my soul now, and I’m in yours.”
“So… what you did yesterday… it wasn’t just making love?”
“Well, it was… and it wasn’t. Yes, I made love to you, but I shared much more than just my body with you. I released the full force of my… gift… on you. I’ve walked through your soul and touched your spirit. Something that is only meant for my perfect match or someone extremely important to me. It’s a form of bonding, beyond anything you could understand. That’s the nearest as I can describe it. There are really no English words that truly fit, and you probably couldn’t pronounce the Navajo word.” He stroked the top of her head, and kissed it.
“So, we’re bound on some kind of spiritual level or something?”
“Yes. Even if you decided to… if you ever decided you didn’t want me anymore – I don’t know that I could ever share that part of me with anyone else. What I’ve given you; what I’ve shared with you, and I could never love so completely again. I don’t have that anymore, and I’m not sure I could ever get it back. I don’t even know if I’m meant… to get it back.”
“So, you’ll never be able to do that with me again?”
“Oh no!” he laughed. “I’ll be lucky if I can keep from doing that with you now. I only know one way to love you Sara, and that’s completely. The way I loved you yesterday.”
“Good – I can take that, but I have to make one request.”
“Anything.”
“If you ever decide to… you know… do anything stronger than that to me, do you think you could give me some kind of warning, so I can prepare myself.”
Jared smiled. “I’ll try, but I’m learning new things with you all the time. I don’t want to make promises to you, I might not be able to keep.”
“Fair enough.”
“Is that all you wanted to know?” Jared’s voice was hopeful.
“Well, no, but my mind’s a bit overwhelmed, to say the least, right now. I’m sure I’ll think of something, later on.”
“Now can I ask you something?”
“Sure.”
Jared lifted her chin and looked into her eyes again. “And you’ll answer me – truthfully? Even if you don’t want to, and even if you think it might hurt me?”
Oh God! Why would he ask that? Sara swallowed hard, knowing she would probably regret her answer for the rest of her life, for she could deny him nothing. She answered with quivering voice. “Yes….”
“Have you read any of it?”
Sara’s head was suddenly flooded with flashbacks. She shook her head as if to erase it from her memory. “Not a lot. I read the introduction to the book and… well… I really wasn’t able to read anymore. I tried to… but.…”
Jared’s eyes were determined and searching. “What happened?”
“I don’t know - something strange and weird, and very frightening – at least for me, anyway.”
“Please, tell me, Sara,” he whispered.
“Well… Joel, your cousin, said the book came with a curse, and I was really starting to believe him when I tried to read the actual content of the book.”
Jared tensed his muscles. His tone was cold as he fought to hold something in, maybe anger – Sara wasn’t sure. “Please, stop talking in riddles, and just tell me. What happened?”
“Well, when Myra brought me home, the day of the funeral, I decided I would use that time to…” Sara closed her eyes and tasted bitter betrayal, her betrayal, “…read it, so… you wouldn’t know. I was going to tell you, honestly… when I got up the nerve. I planned to get rid of it. You know, put it away and never touch it again. Because it was your grandfather’s book, I couldn’t even think about destroying it. Believe me! I don’t want to touch the thing again.”
Jared sighed deeply. “And?” he prompted.
“Well, I sat down on the bed to read it, and as I opened the cover page, a gust of wind came through the window and blew it shut. But I didn’t remember opening the window. So I thought, maybe it was just me. My nerves playing tricks with my mind – making me see things and all. Anyway, I dismissed it and opened the cover page again. This time, the wind blew through again, but stronger. It actually blew the book off the bed, and onto the floor.”
Sara paused to watch Jared’s reaction. He seemed indifferent. She continued without prompting. “Well, you know how stubborn I can be. I got up, picked up the book, and laid it on the bed. I then walked over to the window and shut it. I was determined to make sure, if the same thing or anything similar happened again, it wouldn’t be because of that open window.”
“And did it happen again?” Jared prompted her.
“Oh… that’s when it got weird. I tried to read the first paragraph again, but the words were different. What I had just read in plain English had somehow changed or transformed to odd looking symbols – not even Navajo. Then the words started winding off the page, spinning into a ball of black ink, hovering just above the page like a ball of yarn. I didn’t quite know how to take this. I watched in horror as the ink spelled out ‘Sara Don’t Be Afraid’, in thin air. It then spooled back onto the page and became those mysterious symbols again.  
Jared still seemed indifferent, as if he either didn’t believe Sara, or this was nothing new to him. Maybe he thought she was crazy. Jared stared into her eyes for a long time before saying anything. He drew in a deep breath and let it out slowly. “Sara, the only curse is the one men like my cousin and Seth have fabricated to frighten people. People will believe what they want anyway, no matter how many times you tell them the truth.”
“Then how do you explain what happened?”
“Honestly, it sounds like someone drugged you with dream dust. I’ve read the book before, many times. It never did anything like that. It’s just words, tales, legends, stories, with only the meaning you give it.”
“What about your eyes, Jared. I mean, being able to change the color of your eyes is not exactly a normal thing,” Sara countered, defending her sanity. “I was at least fifty yards ahead of you, and you chased me down like a cat chasing a mouse. One minute you were sitting beside me, and the next I slammed smack into you like a brick wall. If that’s normal, I’m confused now.”
“Before my cousin gave you the book – sold you the book,” Jared said through clenched teeth. “Was he alone with the book for any length of time?”
“Maybe a couple of minutes or so, why?”
“It sounds like he sent you on a worse trip than we’d thought. One you should never have taken.” But one you’ve obviously survived. That could mean only one thing. You’re not what you think you are!
“But you said there was nothing supernatural about the book, or what was in it. What about the blood and urine tests your friend David ran on me? Am I in any kind of danger? Is there something you’re not telling me?”
“If you were exposed to what I think you were, it’s not like any other mind-altering drug. He shook his head in disbelief. “For you, it could have been fatal. Joel would have known that.”
Sara stared at Jared with worried eyes. “You mean I could have died? But you said it was just LSD – acid!”
Jared furrowed his brow and sighed. “It’s another one of those legends you should have come across if you’d continued to read the book. Although, I understand why you were reluctant. Heaven only knows what else you might have seen if you’d persisted.”
Sara got out of bed and stood by the window, staring into the night as silent tears slid down her cheeks. “Then why didn’t you just tell me Jared?”
“It wasn’t that I didn’t want you to read it. I just didn’t want you to read it until I’d had a chance to explain… you know… about me, and other things. I didn’t say that there was nothing supernatural about what it contained. I said there was no curse. The book is not cursed Sara!”
“Then you won’t mind me asking about it then – will you?” She whirled, tired of his lies and evasiveness.
“I will tell you whatever I can. Whatever I’m allowed to tell you.…”
Sara narrowed her eyes and groaned. “Oh no! No more satin pillows! No more tiptoeing around Sara’s naive integrity. You either give me some straight answers Jared, or I’m going to believe, what happened between us yesterday, regardless of how special it might have been, was brought on by the combination of stuff you added to the bath, and was no more real than the lies you’ve been telling me since we met! You can’t keep protecting me from something you think I don’t want to know, or something you don’t want to tell me. I love you, and I’m a big girl Jared. I want to know!”
Jared sighed, stalling as he held his head in his hands. “It’s not that simple Sara.”
Sara knelt in front of him, lifting his head, so their eyes met. “Yes it is. You just tell me, and trust me. Why won’t you show me all of your sketches Jared? What’s in them that you don’t want me to see? Why don’t you want us to have a baby? Who or what are the Dine'é Kay-Yah and the Dine’é Yá, and why didn’t you tell me that the Dine'é Kay-Yah was the real name of your Clan?”
Jared’s eyes widened with shock. “Who told you about them Sara? How did you find out? What have you been doing?”

Chapter 29
“Don’t be silly Jared and, please don’t insult my intelligence. I read about them in your grandfather’s book. On the opening page, it plainly states, ‘Forgotten Ancient Secrets of The Dine’é Yá and The Dine'é Kay-Yah by George Washington Thomas Thundercloud’.”
Jared rolled his eyes. “No it doesn’t! It doesn’t even start out that way Sara! I’ve read that book a hundred times. I memorized the story by heart. There is no mention of anything called the Dine'é Kay-Yah or the Dine’é Yá. My grandfather would never have used those names in anything. Especially not something that could reach millions of people!” 
Jared knelt on the floor, and from under his bed he pulled out a trunk, similar to the one he had at Wisteria Hall. He took a small key out of the drawer of his nightstand and opened the trunk. He reached in and brought out a book, looking exactly like the one Sara had. He opened it to the cover page and pointed. “Look!” ‘Forgotten Secrets and Traditions of The Navajo People’, was what his read.
Sara stared at Jared in bewilderment. Her nerves were frayed. “But it – the one Joel gave me – Jared, I’m not insane. I know what I read. Do you honestly think I could come up with names like that on my own?”
Jared sighed deeply, studying her eyes. He smiled. “No Sara. I don’t. Where is your copy of the book? Do you have it with you, or did you leave it at Wisteria Hall?”
Sara opened her laptop case, unzipped the compartment underneath her laptop and took out a large brown envelope. She handed it to Jared. Jared took it out, read the title and cover page of the book. He looked back at Sara with concern, speaking in a sympathetic voice. “Angel, it’s the same as mine. Here, see for yourself,” he said, holding it out to her.
Cautiously, Sara reached for the book. “Don’t you see that?” To her, it had the pale blue glow as before. 
 “See what? What do you see Sara?” Jared was confused.
“Are you blind? The book is glowing Jared! And it’s not the same. What are you trying to do to me?”
Jared reached out to her. “Angel, I’m not trying to do anything to you. The book is not glowing. You must be having another flashback, but it commonly doesn’t happen this long after the drug has worn off.”
Sara slumped to the floor, crying. “Jared, am I crazy? Am I seeing things?”
“I not sure, but I can’t see what you do. Look, I want you to sketch what you see, exactly as you see it.”
“Jared, I’m not the artist – you are,” Sara complained.
He took out his sketch pad and a soft-lead pencil. “Ok, then let’s try something else. Describe what you see, and I’ll sketch it out – ok?” Sara nodded. Jared sat beside her. He picked up his pencil and opened the book. “Now, don’t be afraid. I’m here with you. Just take your time and tell me what you see.”
Sara took a deep breath, looked at the first paragraph, and began. “The book has a pale blue glow radiating from it.”
“Coming off the pages or hovering above it like a halo?”
“Coming from the pages, as if the book is some kind of door. It is a door. The center of it is pitch-black, like a moonless night without any stars or any form of light. The door is in a wall – a stone wall. There’s a strange symbol on the wall, next to the door. The door is at the end of a long tunnel.”
“In what shape Sara? What does it look like?”
“The door or the symbol?”
“Both….”
“OK, the door is kind of in the shape of a church window. Long, flat at the bottom, and comes to a point at the top – like a bullet.”
“Like that?”
“Yes, but not as wide. Yes, that’s it. Now… the symbol is to the right of the door, about the height of a doorbell. It looks like – if you can imagine three, two pronged pitch forks, standing on their handles. Yes,” she said, watching him sketch. “Like that. The handles of the pitch forks are joined together by a straight line. That line is standing on a rectangle. No, the rectangle is smaller than the line.”
“Like that, or nearer the center?”
 “Nearer to the center. The rectangle looks as if there’s some kind of indention in the middle of it – maybe a slot or a hole. Like that. Now, from the bottom of the rectangle, a short line goes down, then to the left, and then down again.”
Jared laid down his pencil and sighed.
Sara furrowed her brow, agitated. “Why are you stopping? There’s more!” She sounded disappointed.
Jared opened the box from under his bed again. He dug to the bottom and brought out an old Nestle Crunch candy bar wrapper. He cautiously handed it to Sara. “I drew that when I was in the second grade at school in Texas. I got into trouble for not paying attention during my history class,” he said. “I didn’t understand what it was, but it was still more interesting than listening to stupid lies about heathen savages being taught the word of god by Spanish missionaries.”
As Sara unfolded the wrinkled and torn candy wrapper, she gasped, her mouth gaped. The picture wasn’t as good as Jared’s current sketch. The lines were a bit wavy, and it had been drawn in what looked like a green waxed crayon. But, it was the same symbol, and the same door – no doubt about it. She looked at Jared with tear glossed eyes. “Jared… what is it? What does it mean? Why am I seeing a symbol you drew nearly nineteen years ago?”
Jared smiled through tear filled eyes. “Destiny,” he whispered. “While you and I were being drawn to each other in my dreams, some force was drawing us together in the waking world. We’re not together by chance Sara. Our futures are intertwined for some higher purpose – one I don’t even understand.”
“But you seem pleased that I’m seeing these. At first you were afraid for me. Are you no longer afraid of what’s happening to me?”
He studied her eyes. “No Angel,” he whispered. “This isn’t some random trip brought on by acid. You’re having a vision brought on because of your exposure to dream dust. Sara, you’re a seer!”
Sara furrowed her brow. “I’m a what?”
“Everyone born to the Dine'é Kay-Yah Clan is a seer. Whether the gift develops or not, it’s still in your genes. Are you certain of your past? Your parents? Is James your real father?”
“Oh God Jared,” Sara said, shaking her head. “You’re making me dizzy with all your questions. You’re not making sense. Of course, he’s my father! Why wouldn’t he be?”
“Because Sara, unless you’re an exceptional person of a unique genetic make-up than other Caucasians, exposure to dream dust… well… it should have driven you mad. But it didn’t. It did the same thing to you that it did to me. It opened your mind to different realities, allowing you to see things that were important to your future. Because you don’t know anything about it, and the symbolism, you didn’t know how to take it. You have nothing to be afraid of Sara. What is happening to you is completely normal. We need to research your family history. We need to get to the bottom of this.”
Sara was skeptical. “Ok, how do you suggest we do that? Why would my mother have such a strong hatred to Native Americans if – wait a minute – are you suggesting that my real father could be… like you?”
Jared smiled wryly. He chuckled. “Now that would be the pot calling the kettle black, wouldn’t it?”
Sara wasn’t accepting this as enthusiastically as Jared. “Jared, there has to be another explanation. We have pictures in our photo album of me and my Dad when I was learning to walk.”
Jared held her hands and studied her eyes. “But what about before that. Are there any pictures of you and your father when you were an infant?”
Sara shook her head. “God Jared. I don’t know. I’ve never been that big on family history. If there are any, my mother would have them, back in Crooked Creek.”
“Do you know where you were born? What town or city? What was the name of the hospital?”
“Shreveport, I think. Like I said. I’ve never been that worried about my past. It didn’t matter to me – at least it didn’t until now. Jared, if Mother has been keeping this from me, if we ask her, she’s likely to lie about it. How are we going to find out? What difference does it make – to us?”
“Between us, it makes no difference at all. It’s not going to change the way I feel about you. But, when it comes to the Council accepting you into our Clan, it could make a huge difference.”
Sara furrowed her brow and studied his eyes. “What do you mean accepting me into your Clan?”
“Well, because my Uncle Seth is head of the Council, as you know, it would be him that has the final say. But, if we could prove you’re part of us already, no matter what Seth says, the rest of the Council members are likely to fight against him if he tries to cause trouble.”
“And you think because of the past, he’s likely to do that?”
“If he thought it could hurt Dad or the family, Seth would do anything to get even with Granddad. Even if it’s through future generations.”
“Jared… I love my father. He’s the only father I’ve ever known. How do you think it would make him feel to find out I wasn’t his daughter? I couldn’t do that to him. Mother already dominates him. This kind of news would destroy him. I couldn’t do that to my father.”
“You might not have to. We don’t have to tell your parents what we find out. The only people that need to know are you and I, my family, and the members of the Council. Even, if we discover James is not your real father, he doesn’t ever need to know. Sara, you can’t just let this go. If I am right, and you’re Dine'é Kay-Yah, you need help. You need my guidance. Until you understand more about what’s going on, this is just going to get worse for you. The visions won’t stop – especially for you.”
Sara had a horrible thought. “My eyes aren’t going to start changing too – are they?”
Jared smiled and held her. “No Angel. As far as I know, that only runs through the male line of the Dine'é Kay-Yah. You can carry the gene and pass it on to your children, but there’s never been a case where it’s shown up in a female. I guess it’s just a guy thing.”
Sara jerked her head up and gave Jared a suspicious stare. Jared chuckled. “I told you there were some things even I didn’t know or understand. Granddad would have shared those stories with me, if I’d been smart enough to listen.”
“Why can’t you just ask him now? You said you talked with him. You said that was the reason you went back to the mountain – to get answers. Couldn’t you do the same thing about this?” Sara couldn’t believe her own words. Was she actually asking her future husband to contact the dead and talk to his grandfather?
Jared sighed. “I don’t know Sara. I suppose I could try. He glanced at his watch. “Angel, it’s late. Let’s just go to bed, and try to get some sleep. We can talk to my parents and deal with this tomorrow – well – later on today.” 
“But Jared – what about the nightmares? If I go to sleep, the monsters will come back. Jared they’re genuinely scary! How real are things in our dreams?”
Jared studied her eyes. “Sara, if you’re asking me if the things in your dreams can take solid form and physically hurt you in the waking world – no. Although they might contain useful information and visions of your future, they’re just dreams. They can’t step out of your dreams. Besides, I’m with you. Do you think I would allow anything to hurt you, whether in the waking world, or in your dreams?”
“But how can I know you’ll always be there – to help me?”
Jared smiled. “Haven’t I always been there?”
“I don’t know – have you?”
They crawled into bed. Sara laid her head on Jared’s shoulder, and he cuddled her close. “Do you remember any of your scariest nightmares you had as a child?”
“Some – why?”
“In your earliest nightmares, as far back as you can remember. When you were faced with your worst danger, or your greatest fears, was there something, or someone that came to you? That fought for you or stood by you – even unto death?”
Sara closed her eyes. Some of the nightmares she’d had as a child were frightening; she didn’t want to remember them. Over the years, Sara had blocked most of them out. Trying to recall them, especially after what she’d seen, and what Jared had told her, made them even scarier now. “Jared… I don’t like to remember these things. I’ve fought very hard to block them out. My dreams were usually very scary.”
“Then just listen to the sound of my voice. Hold on to the fact that I’m here – I’m real. I need to know if I’m right about this. Did you ever have a dream about being in a burning building?”
“Yes.”
“Did you recognize this building? Did you know where you were?”
“No, I was lost. Smoke was everywhere. I couldn’t see. I was crying. I was alone, and I couldn’t find my father, or my mother. I had an extremely strong feeling that I should go in a particular direction. But when I went that direction, instead of leading me out, it led me deeper into the building. The smoke was thick, and burning my throat. I couldn’t breathe.”
“How old were you? Can you remember that?”
“I don’t know. Three – four – maybe even five. I don’t think I’d started school yet.”
“Did you get out of the building? Did you wake up before you died?”
Sara started to cry silent tears. Jared could feel them, warm and wet on his shoulder. He closed his eyes. His heart ached. This was hurting Sara, and it hurt him to hurt her. “I got out Jared, obviously,” she replied, trying to keep a steady voice. Sara didn’t want Jared to know how upset this was making her. How weak she was.
“Ok, then how did you get out? How did you get to safety?”
Sara drew in a deep sigh. All she could remember was the pale blue light and something white. The same light she’d seen from the book. The same light and something white. It was a dog. A small white dog. A small, white dog with soft amber eyes.
“It was a dog Jared. A small white dog. I’d closed my eyes. I was tired. I was sleepy. I wanted to sleep. I was falling asleep, and the little white dog licked my face until I opened my eyes. I reached out to pet it, but as soon as my fingertips were close enough, it backed away. Each time I tried to touch it, the white dog, took another step backward. The next thing I knew, I was out, in the clean air, gathered in strong, warm arms. I remember. I reached out to pet the little white dog… but it was gone, and when I looked up, no one was there with me. I was alone again. There was no face to go with the warm embrace that had just held me.”
“So you think it was a man who embraced you? You said strong, warm arms. Did you see his face, or maybe the color of his eyes?”
“His eyes were dark. As dark as the night. The glow from the fire danced like a firefly in his eyes.”
Jared kissed Sara’s temple, remembering. “Sara… what color are your father’s eyes?”
“Blue.”
“And your mother’s?” he prompted.
Sara drew in a heavy sigh. “They’re blue too, only hers are a brighter blue, like Lucy’s.”
“So where did your brown eyes come from Angel? Who in your family do you know that has, or had brown eyes?”
“I don’t know Jared,” Sara whispered. “I don’t think there were any, not unless it was several generations back,” she yawned.
“We’ll talk more in the morning. Just remember if you get scared in your dreams, think of the little white dog with the amber eyes. Somehow, I think it will be there for you again, only it might be bigger, and its eyes might be crimson now.”

Chapter 30
After they’d awakened, showered and dressed, Jared and Sara sat on the bed together, talking for a while before they went downstairs for breakfast. Jared sat propped against the head board, holding Sara. “How did you sleep last night? Did you have any more bad dreams or nightmares?”
“Not what I would call a bad dream, or even a nightmare.”
“So you did dream then?”
“Yes, and you were right. The white wolf was there with me, and it did have crimson eyes. The other one, a cub that followed the wolf had amber eyes.”
Jared groaned inwardly. “The wolf cub had amber eyes - was it male or female?”
“Female.”
Jared’s eyes lit. “You’re sure it was female?”
Sara blushed and grinned. “It had to be. Either that, or the cub was missing a few vital parts,” she chuckled.
Jared softly laughed. “All things considered, you’d know the difference. Do you want to tell me about the dream?”
“I don’t remember a lot about it. We were on the mountain. It was early in the morning. The top of the mountain was covered in a thick fog. I was standing near a campfire. The white wolf and the wolf cub came to me. I stroked his head and looked into its crimson eyes. For some reason, I don’t know why, it looked sad. So did the wolf cub. Then I faded away, and all that was left was the wolf and the cub, and then I woke up. That’s all I can remember.”
Jared drew in a heavy sigh as he fought stinging tears. He remembered the other sketches – the two Sara had just described. One last night, one this morning, and one other one. The one that hurt the most. The one Jared would never let Sara see. No matter what happened. He couldn’t let her see it. If she did, it might change everything. But she said the cub was female. Dine'é Kay-Yah females don’t undergo the change. Maybe something has changed. Maybe the future wasn’t to be set in stone. If only Jared had paid more attention to his grandfather.
For a couple of minutes, Jared sat in deep thought. Sara watched him and wondered what was going on in his mind. Finally, he smiled. “Come on, let’s get downstairs. I’m starving.”
------------
As Jared and Sara entered the kitchen, Jared and his father shared a knowing glance. 
Nadine put the orange juice on the table. “Did Sara have another one of her nightmares last night?”
Jared glanced at Sara, and sighed. “She had an episode before we went to bed.” He glanced at his father again.
“Oh dear! I hope you managed to get some sleep. Was it like the dream you told Myra and I…?”
Jared narrowed his eyes. “What dream?”
Sara brushed it off and attempted to change the subject. “It was nothing, Jared. Where’s Myra?”
“She left early. She wanted some extra study time before her exam. I think she’s concerned about this one.” She handed Tom a platter of what looked like thin pancakes. “Oh – and before I forget it – Sara, Myra said she wanted you to keep Angelstar. She appreciated the offer, but she said she couldn’t take Angelstar, not after Jared had already promised her to you.”
Sara shared a puzzled look with Jared, and then looked back at Nadine. “Nada, Jared hadn’t promised her to me. All I did was give her a name.”
Jared cleared his throat. “Ah – Sara – in our eyes, giving an animal a name is the same thing as claiming it.”
Tom added, eyeing Jared suspiciously. “Yes, it is, but I didn’t think you believed in all that ‘legend stuff’ as you put it.”
“Dad, could we not go into that right now. I’m already dealing with enough. I have some rather good news – or at least I think it is. We may not have that hard of a time convincing the Council to accept Sara into our Clan after we’re married.”
“How do you figure that?”
“I think Sara is already one of us – well – at least the Dine'é Kay-Yah.”
Tom drew in a quick breath. His eyes widened. “Jared….”
Jared held up his hand. “It’s all right Dad. She knows.”
“You’ve told her everything?”
Jared tightened his jaw. “Everything she needs to know.”
“Then what are you talking about Jared? Has something happened?”
“Two things actually. I’m starting to have my doubts about David Whitefeather. It should have shown up in her blood test.”
“What should have shown up? Jared you know I don’t like guessing games.”
“Sara has seen the symbol Dad and a lot more.”
Tom rolled his eyes and sighed. “That still doesn’t explain where she learned about the Dine'é Kay-Yah.”
Sara glanced at Jared, and then looked at Tom. “Not just the Dine'é Kay-Yah. I know about the Dine’é Yá too. I learned about both of them by reading the cover page from your father’s book.”
Tom glanced at Jared and then back at Sara. “Sara, neither are mentioned in my father’s….”
Jared held up his hand again. “Dad, it might not be there for us, but it is there for Sara. She saw the pale blue light, and she described the symbol. It’s the same symbol I drew when I was in the second grade. Joel didn’t just drug Sara with acid. The acid must have been laced with dream dust.”
Nadine’s mouth gaped. “But it should have….”
Jared smiled. “…Drove her mad? I know Mother, but it didn’t. It only opened her mind. Either Granddad or the Dine’é Yá sent Sara a message.”
Tom’s attention piqued. “A message – from what? How?” 
Jared looked to Sara, smiled, and then turned. “The day of Granddad’s funeral, Sara was here alone. She read the book – well, at least she tried. Someone was trying to stop her.”
“What do you mean stop her – how?”
“I sat on the bed, opened the book, and the wind from the window blew it shut.”
Tom shook his head and sighed. “That’s perfectly normal Sara.”
“Just wait Dad. Go on Sara.”
“I agree with you Tom, and that’s why I didn’t pay it a lot of attention the first time it happened. I opened the book again, and this time a gust of wind came from the window and flung the book to the floor.”
“Was anything else in the room affected? Was anything blown over on the nightstand?”
“No Tom. The only thing that was affected was the book. At that point, I decided to try one last time. I got up and closed the window. When I opened the book again, and read the first paragraph, the one I’d just read in plain English, had changed to these weird symbols.”
“What kind of symbols Sara,” Tom asked, now more willing to listen.
Sara sighed and shook her head. “I don’t know, just symbols – letters of some kind….”
“But you didn’t recognize what language they were?”
Sara sighed again. “No Tom. They were just….”
Tom took an envelope from his pocket. “Nadine, get me a pencil, please.”
Nadine handed him a pencil. “What are you doing Tom?”
Tom ignored her, and started sketching. He sketched two sets of symbols. Was it anything like either of these?” he asked.
“It was more like the second set. I’m sure that last symbol was one of them. It reminded me of a McDonald’s golden arches on its side.”
“And you’re sure the first set wasn’t part of what you saw?”
“No, they’re Egyptian hieroglyphics. I’ve seen them before in a museum in Shreveport. It was definitely the other symbols.”
Jared furrowed his brow. “Dad…?”
Tom held up his hand. “Just wait Jared,” he said. “Then I’ll explain as much as I can.”
Oh Great, Sara thought. I know what that means. He’s not going to tell us the whole story.
“Jared, I need you to bring me one of your sketch pads or a piece of paper – something big enough Sara can draw on.”
Sara opened her mouth to speak. Tom held up his hand again. “Before you start objecting Sara, I know you’re not that good at drawing, but I need you to draw as many of the symbols as you can remember.”
“That’s not going to be very easy,” Sara complained. “I only saw them once. Last night, when I looked at the book a second time, I saw something totally different.”
“That’s ok,” Tom said. “I still need you to draw as many as you can remember. They don’t have to be in any particular order. Not even the order you saw them in. Just take your time, and do the best you can.”
“Ok, but don’t laugh if it looks more like a stick figure,” she chuckled as she picked up the pencil and started roughly sketching strange symbols.”
Tom and Jared leaned in, so they could see. Nadine watched from her chair. Tom had spoken of odd symbols his father saw once in a dream, and something young Joe had sketched on one of his letters to Tom. Since she never actually saw the symbols, and would have known nothing about it, she busied herself with clearing the breakfast dishes.
Sara finished the sketch and passed it to Tom. Some of the symbols were exact to the ones Tom’s father had shown him, and the ones in Joe’s letter.
Tom sighed deeply, and looked at Sara. “You said someone sent you a message. Can you describe how you got this message, and what it said Sara?”
“That I can do,” Sara said, laying the pencil on the table. “When the symbols appeared where English had been before, I got frightened. I began to believe maybe Joel was right. The book was cursed. When I tried to look away, I couldn’t. It felt as if something was holding my head in place, but nothing was there. No matter how hard I tried to,  I couldn’t turn away. I was forced to watch as the symbols started to spool off the page, gathering into what looked like a ball of black yarn – only it was ink. The ink from the page. The ball started to unwind and spelt out the phrase ‘Sara don’t be afraid’. But one thing’s for sure – I was afraid and terribly sick to my stomach. I almost didn’t make it to the bathroom. God I was so scared.”
“But when I got back from the funeral, you didn’t mention any of this to me. Why didn’t you tell me?”
Tom sighed and answered the question for Sara. “Because she was afraid it would make you upset with her. She’s curious Jared. It’s understandable. You can’t just tell her part of the story, and not expect her to search for the rest if you’re not willing to tell her.”
Jared clenched his teeth. “Dad, you know the consequences for doing that.”
“Jared for heaven’s sake. If you believe Sara is your perfect match, then you shouldn’t hide anything from her – not if she asks you. I know you don’t want to accept your possible future, but keeping it from Sara won’t change it.”
Jared growled. “Dad….” 
“I’m sorry Jared. By not telling her, you could be doing the one thing you’re trying to prevent. If Sara looks for answers on her own, anything could happen to her. Tell her Jared. If she is a seer, eventually, you won’t be able to keep anything from her anyway. Take her to the mountain, and show her what she needs to know. She’s here, with you. Enjoy that. None of us knows how long we’ll have that. Don’t live your life in regret Jared. It isn’t fair to you, and it isn’t fair to Sara either!”
Jared stormed out back. Sara started to follow him, but Tom stopped her. “Let me Sara. No matter how much I think you should know, or how much I want to tell you, I won’t do what is Jared’s job. Let me talk to him.”
Tears filled Sara’s eyes, and she nodded. Tom left the room.
------------
Jared was sitting on the step at the edge of the patio, his head in his hands. Tom sat beside him and put his arm around Jared’s shoulder. Jared laid his hand over Tom’s, silent tears streaming down his cheeks. “Dad, she’s seen the morning mountain scene. She dreamed about it last night.”
“The one with you and your daughter?”
“Yes Dad, but something was different.”
“What do you mean?”
“Sara said the white wolf had crimson eyes, but the cub had amber eyes. Dad that’s not possible – is it? Has there ever been any females who have inherited the transformation gene?”
Tom sighed. “Not on our side Jared. Sara’s eyes don’t….”
“No,” Jared said, shaking his head. “And believe me, I would know.”
“So you and she have – right. Yes, after that, you would definitely know. “So when did you come to believe Sara might be a seer?”
“Last night. When she showed me the symbol, and talked about the pale blue glow. The other thing - and I don’t know why I hadn’t thought about it until then - both of Sara’s parents have blue eyes. Everyone in Sara’s family has blue eyes.”
Tom furrowed his brow. “But Sara has brown eyes,” he reasoned. “How could she…?”
Jared shook his head. “I don’t know Dad. Unless Sara had a distant ancestor and she inherited a recessive gene. The thing that bothers me is this. Kaye, Sara’s mother, hates Native Americans with a passion.”
“So you’ve met Sara’s parents?”
“Yes, I invited them to the gig at Shreveport. I even offered for them to stay at Wisteria Hall. When I spoke to Kaye on the phone, she seemed as if everything was fine. I honestly thought – at that time – she was a likeable person. I couldn’t understand why Sara said some of the things she did about her mother, and why Sara was so reluctant to talk to Kaye about us. Then, when they came to visit – let’s just say, she was a bitch. She took Sara outside and yelled at her. Then when she came back in the house, she started in on me. She actually tried to brainwash me into thinking I didn’t want Sara. She said Sara was too young and too immature to be with someone of my social standing. When Sara told me what she did to her, God, I wanted to wring that woman’s neck. I kept my eyes closed for most of the conversation – no  - wait, the lecture.”
“So she couldn’t see your eyes changing?”
“Yes. I was so infuriated with her….”
Tom smiled as he watched Jared’s eyes changing from glowing amber to burning crimson. “Yes, I can tell. She doesn’t sound like the kind of person I would get along with either. But Jared, what are you going to do? She is Sara’s mother. You’ll eventually have to be around her.”
Jared chuckled. “I guess I’ll get a lot of dust in my eyes, but I am not giving Sara up. Even if I know I may only have her a short while.”
“Have you had any more dreams or visions about that? Anymore specifics about how it will….”
Jared sighed and ran his hand through his hair. “No. I’ve told you all I know about that. I’ve shown you every sketch pertaining to Sara’s death. I’ve cried. I’ve begged, and I’ve even cursed, but still no specific answer has been given. This is so unfair Dad. Sara is the life within my soul, and they won’t even tell me when it’s going to happen, or how I can stop it – if it can be stopped.”
“Jared,” Tom said in a soothing tone. “Sara is upset, and she’s worried. She doesn’t know what’s going on, or what’s happening to her, or even why. If you think she’s a seer, then it’s your duty to do what you can to help her understand what she is, where she came from, and where she’s going. Are you going to tell her?”
“Dad, I’m afraid if I tell her, then the fight is over. I will be acknowledging it’s my future – our future, and it will make it real. Make it happen. If I can stop it happening, I would lie to her with my last breath if I thought it would protect her.”
“Jared, if Sara has to die. If there’s some future event that depends on her dying, preventing it….”
“I know that too Dad,” Jared ground through his teeth.
“Jared, trying to prevent this by not telling Sara doesn’t necessarily mean you’ll be successful, and even if you are… it could still be depriving Sara of what she deserves.”
Jared wiped his angry tears and looked up at Tom. “What if it was Mom, Dad? What choice would you make?”
“Jared, I would choose to do what I felt in my heart was right. No matter what that may mean to me or your mother. But, it’s not me, and it’s not my choice. It’s yours, and it’s your future. Only you can decide how you want it to turn out.”
“All right Dad. I’ll tell her. But not until we’ve found out if Sara is Dine'é Kay-Yah.”
“How are you going to prove it Jared.”
“I’m going to talk to Donna Rigden again, and see what she thinks.”
“Is she the friend you were talking about when you mentioned proving how Grandmother died?”
“Well,  yes and no. Gary Browne, her cousin is the one I honestly wanted to talk to, but he’s gone now. He took the job in England, which I fully expected him to. I know I would have. Anyway, when he came to Wisteria Hall to talk to me, he brought Donna. She took over from Gary at D’Netics, the company I was telling you about. Anyway, according to Gary, Donna is just as good, if not better than him at this stuff. And, after talking with her, I agree. Donna told me exactly what I expected her to. She said she would be happy to take a look at Grandmother’s medical records, but without actual samples for testing, we wouldn’t be able to find out anything. She also said, since Grandmother’s body was burned, it would make it harder to prove anyway, especially without having her exhumed to collect those samples.”
Tom studied Jared’s eyes. “Jared, what is it going to accomplish? Let her rest. Grandmother deserves to be left in peace. Unless you can assure me these tests would give us definite answers, I’m not doing it.”
Jared sighed. “I know Dad. That’s why I told Donna to let me see what I could find out first, but that doesn’t stop me from approaching her about Sara’s past.”
Sara appeared on the patio. Tom looked back. “Hello Sara. I’ll leave you and Jared alone. If you need us, we’ll be inside,” he said, touching Sara’s shoulder as he passed her.
“Jared…?”
Jared stood. He wiped the tears from his eyes and turned. He walked up to Sara, kissed her and then held her. “Ayor anosh'ni yishdlį́į́h,” he whispered in her ear. “Always Sara!”

Chapter 31
Nine Months and Two Weeks Later….
The decision had been made.
Jared stood at the window, alone, gazing out at the night. The sky was as black as the dark cloud of emptiness that filled his heart. There was no moon. There were no stars. Not even a breeze. Just quiet and stillness. Even the Heavens seemed to dread the sadness that would come with the dawn.
Jared thought, perhaps if the Sun never rose, time would still, and he could remain, in this moment, frozen for all eternity. Could he do this? Could he take the breath of life from her? It was the last thread. His only connection to her left in this world. Oh Sara would never die. She lived in his soul. She would forever walk through the pages of his memory. Time or death couldn’t dim that.
Jared took Sara’s hand. He kissed it and held it against his cheek, as tears filled his eyes. That same sweet face was still there, but his precious wife wasn’t. His soulmate for all eternity had stepped into the great beyond. All that remained was her body. A shell that once housed a spirit so strong and free it put the angels to shame. 
He looked around the room at all the familiar equipment. Machines he’d seen and used many times, yet now they seemed foreign. Invisible demons, sitting in wait to steal his dream. The respirator rose and fell in perfect rhythm. The EKG – what a liar it was – showed a strong, steady heartbeat. At least for now. Soon it would still and then beat no more.
Jared knew there was nothing he could do for her. Whether he kept her on life support or not, once Sara’s renal system failed – and as a doctor Jared knew it would – eventually her body would burn out, and begin to break down. That wouldn’t be fair to Sara. She deserved peace. He had to do this. He had to let go. He had to let her go. Jared knew this, and still, as he looked at her. How could he? 
Jared had to keep reminding himself, that beautiful, sweet spirit that made Sara who she was had been gone for two weeks now. If he made it through this, knowing that fact was the only way he would do it. He had witnessed this scene hundreds of times, but never expected to see it from this point of view. 
Jared looked at the bag of fluid, hanging from the IV pump. He traced the liquid down the tiny transparent tube, until it reached the needle and entered Sara’s arm, just above where her watch had rested. 
Jared dared to let his eyes fall upon the switch that would end it all. All the pain and misery would end, and he could begin to heal. But could he heal? Did he want to heal? No, he didn’t. He didn’t want to heal. He didn’t want to stop hurting. But he had to. He had a baby that depended on him now. No matter how much it hurt, and how much he would miss Sara, Jared had to survive for Beth. 
Just a few short minutes before she was born, Sara made Jared promise, if anything happened to her that he would take care of their daughter. She also made him promise not to blame himself. But Sara knew Jared wouldn’t listen. He blamed himself for anything unpleasant that had ever happened to her. 
Jared knew this moment was coming, he just didn’t know when or how. Because of the things he had seen, he had believed that Sara would die in childbirth. But that wasn’t the case. Whether it had been with him, or with someone who could never love her as much as he did, Sara’s death was set in stone. The blood vessel that ruptured in her brain had been there, like a ticking time bomb. It couldn’t be shut off, and it couldn’t be stopped. It had absolutely nothing to do with Jared, but that wouldn’t stop him from doing what he promised Sara he wouldn’t do.
“Sara, I don’t know if I can do this. You’ve been with me for so long. I don’t know if I can let you go. I don’t know how to let you go. I’ve watched you grow up. I’ve grown up with you. I can’t imagine a single day of my life without you in it. Especially now that we have our little girl. I named her after you Angel. Her name is Sara Beth, but we’re going to call her Beth. She’s two weeks old, and she is so beautiful Sara. She has your eyes.”
Jared grinned slightly and continued. “Mother and Myra swear she’s got my grin, but I’m not sure about that. I wished you could see her. It breaks my heart that she’ll never know her mother. I’ll tell her about you, and she’ll have your pictures to look at, and songs to listen to, but she’ll never feel the warmth of your arms. I’ll love her enough for both of us Sara. She’ll know how much you loved her, and what you went through for her. One day, I’ll prove who you are. I’ll prove you have as much right to be a member of the Dine'é Kay-Yah as me, or Mother, or Dad, or anybody on that Council. One day they will bow their heads in shame that they denied you. On my last breath, I promise you this.”
Nadine laid her hand on Jared’s shoulder. “We should go Jared,” she said remorsefully. “Beth is hungry, and I need to get her to sleep. Why don’t you come with us and sleep too? Tomorrow will be hard enough on you, even worse if you haven’t slept.”
“Mother I can’t leave her,” he protested.
“Jared – Son – you’re not leaving Sara. Sara’s not here. She’s here,” Nadine said, holding her hand over his heart. “And here,” she said, touching her chest. “Sara will never die! Come home with us. We’ll help each other through this. Be with us and your daughter. Beth needs you Jared. She doesn’t need me, or your father, or your sister. Sara Beth needs her father,” she said studying his tear glossed eyes.
Jared stared into Nadine’s eyes for a long while. Finally, he sighed and nodded. He leaned over and kissed the side of Sara’s lips. “I’m going home now Angel, and see if I can get some rest. I’ll be back in the morning, and then I promise I’ll be by your side until the end. Ayor anosh'ni yishdlį́į́h,” he whispered. “Always Sara.”
------------
Nadine fastened Beth in her carrier and strapped her in. Then she buckled herself in the passenger seat.
Jared folded his arms over the steering wheel of his father’s black Mercedes and broke down again. “Oh God Mother!” he cried. “It’s not meant to be this way. Why does it hurt so much?”
Nadine’s eyes glossed with tears. “Because part of your soul that you shared with Sara is coming back to you. The connection you felt with Sara is breaking, and it feels like part of you is being ripped out. It will get better Jared. Once you’ve pulled the plug, and Sara is at last at rest, the pain will get better.”
“Will it Mother? Will it get better? What if I don’t want it to? What if I can’t do this? No matter what I know, in my heart, it will still be me that killed her. If I pull that plug, whatever chance there might have been, whatever remote possibility she might have had at surviving will be gone, and the blood will be on my hands.”
Nadine stroked Jared’s black, glossy hair. “No it won’t Shiyaazh!” she scolded him. “I don’t believe that. Your father doesn’t believe that. Myra doesn’t believe that, and neither should you. One of the most important parts of loving someone is knowing when to let go. Knowing when you have to let go. The time has come Jared. It’s not anybody’s fault. This is what has to be. So stop blaming yourself. See Sara in Beth, and love them both that way now. Know every time you hold her, that she is part of both of you – you and Sara.”
Jared wiped his eyes, sighed deeply and sat back in the seat. He started the car, turned on the headlights and put the car in reverse. Words of comfort lasted but for a fleeting moment, for as Jared pulled on the highway, and the hospital faded in the distance, the pain was back. Memories crashed against him like a tsunami. It was all he could do to hold it together until he parked in the garage at the house. “You take Beth, and go on in,” he choked. “I’ll be in shortly. I just need a few minutes alone.”
“Will you be all right?” Nadine asked, concerned as she rested her hand on his shoulder.
“I’m fine Mother. I just need time to be alone.”
------------
Nadine unlocked the door and opened it as quietly as she could. She figured Tom and Myra would already be in bed, and she didn’t want to disturb them. None of them had slept a lot in the last two weeks. Jared didn’t want Sara to be alone. It was a miracle that she’d convinced him to come home with her now. Maybe it was because he knew he had to let go.
As she walked through to the lounge, she could see the light was on in the kitchen. She took Beth out of her carrier, rearranged her blanket and cradled her in her arms. She smiled and softly caressed Beth’s tiny cheek. Beth wriggled, yawned and went back to sleep.
Nadine walked to the dining room door, about to reach in and shut off the light, when she realized Tom hadn’t forgot to turn it out. “Come in and sit down,” Tom said. “We need to talk. Where’s Jared? Didn’t you convince him to come with you?”
“He’s in the garage. He said he needed some time to be alone.”
“How long is this going to take? I need to put your granddaughter in her crib.”
“Not long. I think there’s something we should discuss. It’s about Sara.”
“Here,” Nadine said, passing Beth to Tom. “I’m going to make some goan. I think we all could use some, especially Jared.”
Tom held Beth in his arms, watching her sleep. “Nizhoni Little Angel,” he whispered, and placed his index finger near Beth’s tiny hand. As a reflex, Beth wrapped her fingers around it, holding it tight. Tom smiled.
Jared stood, lounged against the door facing, watching his father. It was obvious to Jared that Tom worshipped his granddaughter. Jared imagined Tom would spoil her to no end, but then he was going to do that himself. Once he got past the pain of losing Sara. “What are you still doing up?” Jared asked. “Where’s Mother?”
“Right here,” Nadine said as she entered the room with three cups of steaming goan. “Your father has something he wants to talk to you about.”
Nadine passed out the goan and walked next to Tom. “I’ll take her now,” she said, reaching.
“Jared, I’ve been doing a lot of thinking, about the situation with Sara and the Council. I believe they’re wrong. I believe Sara should be given final funeral rites, but since they didn’t overturn Seth, there’s not a lot we can do about it.”
Jared furrowed his brow. “There is something I can do about it. I can kill the bastard! Once he’s out of the way, you could take your rightful place as head of the Council, and no one would challenge you.”
“Yes, you could kill Seth, and I would be head of the Council again, but then you’d be in jail for the rest of your life. No, Jared. You need to stop thinking about yourself, and start thinking about Beth. It won’t bring Sara back. Nothing is going to bring Sara back. Have you spoken to your Spirit Guide, and asked her for help?”
Jared tightened his jaw. “No Dad, I haven’t. I don’t see the sense in running off to Mother’s Mountain and spilling my guts out to an invisible being that doesn’t care anyway.”
“Jared,” Nadine scolded. “You know that’s not true.”
“No?” Jared asked rhetorically. “Then why didn’t she warn me about Sara’s aneurism? Why didn’t she tell me, so I could stop it?” he countered, fighting to keep his voice down, so he didn’t wake Beth.
“Sometimes,” Tom added, speaking softly. “Our Spirit Guide speaks to us and says things we don’t want to hear. Truths we don’t want to accept, and so we block them out. We pretend we didn’t hear them. And then, when the thing they warned us about happens, we blame it on them, and say they didn’t warn us. I did it. The night I called you and told you about Granddad.”
Tom swallowed hard, and then continued. “Jared, Granddad was alone when he collapsed. He and I had an argument, and I was so mad, I called him a stupid old man, and walked out. When Myra stopped off on her way home from college to take him his mail, she found him. We rushed him to the hospital, but it was too late, and I blamed myself for that. Because I couldn’t stand the pain alone, I started doing the same thing you’re doing with Sara. I blamed my Spirit Guide.”
Jared’s eyes filled with remorse. “Dad I… I didn’t know about Granddad. I didn’t know he was alone.”
“Yeah – well – it doesn’t matter now,” Tom sighed. “What matters now is stopping you from making the same mistakes I did.”
------------
The nurse glanced at the monitor screen and dropped her coffee cup to the floor. “Code Blue ICU 3!” she yelled through the intercom, grabbed the crash cart, and headed down the corridor.
David Whitefeather heard the call and immediately responded to the code. “What the hell happened?”
“I don’t know Doctor Whitefeather. I just checked her EKG, and it was fine. The next thing I knew, she was coding.”
“Charge to 250 - clear!” Dave yelled. There was no response. “Charge to 300. Give her 2mg atropine IV push. Get somebody on the phone and call Jared now!”
“Charged!” the nurse called out.
“Clear!” Dave said again. He looked at the nurse in front of him, whose eyes were glued on Sara’s EKG monitor. She frowned and shook her head.
“Charge to 400!” Dave shouted again. “Come on Sara. Don’t leave him like this! I know you’re tired Honey, but you need to hang on for Jared.”
“Charged!”
“Clear!” Dave called out and watched for the nurse’s response.
Jared jumped in the car, spun out of the circle drive and sped down the dirt road. He saw the semi coming, and instead of slowing down, he pushed down on the accelerator.
The driver of the truck saw Jared, and his heart jumped in his throat. He stamped on his brakes and laid down on his air-horn. Tires started squalling. Blue smoke rose from the asphalt, as the smell of burnt rubber filled the morning air. The trucker saw his end.
Jared didn’t even look back. He didn’t care. His only concern was to get to his wife. He had to at least say goodbye.
The trucker managed to stop, inches from the back bumper of the black Mercedes. He started cursing and flipping the finger at the crazy man in front of him with a death wish. The trucker was hauling a full load of hazardous chemicals. Both he and the driver wouldn’t have known what hit them.
Jared pulled in one of the emergency vehicles bays, shoved the car in park, and ran through the emergency room doors. 
The alarm started sounding, as workers scrambled to meet the emergency.
Jared didn’t even look up. Knowing the elevator would be too slow, and the stairs were likely to be empty, he took that route. Using his enhanced speed and strength, Jared was at the top, long before the elevator would have been.
Jared entered the room. 
“Time of death,” Dave said. “5:45am.”
The nurse reached to shut off the resuscitator.
“No!” Jared said as he approached the bed, eyes full of sadness. “You can all leave. I’ll take care of her now,” he said, tears filling his eyes.
The nurse glanced at Dave, who nodded.
“She wouldn’t make me do it,” Jared whispered. “She wouldn’t make me – make the choice. She knew I couldn’t take her life.”
“I’m so sorry Jared. If there’s anything I can do, just let me know. I’ll leave you alone with her. You can tell the nurse when you’re done,” he said, touched Jared’s shoulder and left the room.
“You think I don’t know what you’ve done?” Jared choked. “Even now, you’re still doing it. Aren’t you Angel? You think I’m strong? You have no idea. I’m not strong! You made me strong. You think I taught you about love, and loving somebody? Wrong again Angel. You taught me,” he said, leaning down to kiss her cooling lips. Slowly, he removed his grandmother’s ring and squeezed it in the palm of his hand. “Goodbye Angel,” he whispered, kissed her lips again and left.
------------
Four Days After the Funeral…. 
Jared stood by the window, looking out at the hot desert sun. What was left of his life, snuggled tightly against his bare shoulder, peacefully dreaming. It was all over now, all but the crying and trying to forget. 
Jared sat in the rocking chair, and started gently rocking Beth as he sang her a lullaby.
Myra stood, just on the outside of the door, listening, fighting waves of tears. Sara had been her best friend, and the sister she always wanted. She looked down at the small leather book in her hands. She took a deep breath and gently rapped her knuckles against the door.
“Who is it?” Jared asked softly.
“Myra,” she answered back. “Can I come in? I’ve got something for you?”
“Come in, but keep it down. Beth is sleeping.”
Myra quietly pushed the door open. She smiled as she walked over to Jared. She knelt by the rocking chair, gazing lovingly at her niece. “God she is so beautiful Jared,” she whispered. “She looks just like Sara,” she choked and swallowed hard.
Jared sighed deeply. “Yes she does,” he said, softly caressing Beth’s tiny cheek with the back of his index finger.
Myra softly stroked Beth’s cheek with her index finger and smiled again. She held the book out in front of her. “Sara gave this to me, the night she went into labor before we left for the hospital. She told me if anything happened to her,” Myra stopped and swallowed, breathing away another wave of tears. “She told me if anything happened to her, to make sure you got this. Goodnight Jared,” she said, kissed his cheek and left.
Jared’s eyes filled with tears as he opened the book with one hand, and began reading as he continued gently rocking Beth.

Chapter 32
‘Stop it! Stop it right now! You didn’t make this happen. It’s not your fault, so stop brooding and take care of our daughter. Yes, I know it’s going to be a girl. It took me a while, but I put two and two together. Remember the two wolves? The white alpha male and the little white female cub? They were you and her, and you were saying goodbye to me. That’s why I faded away.
I’m so sorry I had to leave you, but I’ve known this was going to happen to me since we found out about her – our little girl. I’ve seen her Jared. The Dine’é Yá let me see her. They said it was their gift to me, for what I was doing for future generations. For whatever reason, I don’t care.
Beth is so beautiful. She has my eyes, and your temper. Her eyes can dance with fire when she’s angry. You’ll know her. You’ll know her, and you’ll share eternity with her, and our grandchildren. Eternity was not ours to share in this World, but it will be yours.
You said once that it was destiny that drew us together. Destiny did play a role in our meeting, but not in the way you thought. My being in your life was paramount, not just to your future, but to the World’s. I bridged the gap. I provided a key to unlock endless possibilities, but I was not the girl in your dreams. I’ve always known that, and so have you, no matter how much you fought it. Oh yes, I know. The instant your eyes met hers I knew, you knew, but more importantly, so did she.
If you must, grieve for me, but don’t wait too long. You severed your link, but she is still out there. You know it too, but you chose to follow a different path, the path beside me, and I thank you for that love. My purpose has been served. Get the missing thread back. Don’t let the fabric of time unravel and bring about the destruction of love and truth. I’m going to give you the same advice your mother gave me. Listen to your heart and it will lead you straight to her.’
I know right now you don’t think it’s possible, but you will love again. I’ve seen her too – your future mate. Yes, I’m a little jealous, but I know she’ll ease the pain my passing has caused you. I can’t tell you her name. I can’t describe her. Only these clues, she is very much a lady, her hair shines with the Sun’s rays and you’ll find her underground. Guess the shoe is on the other foot now.
Everything would have been a lot easier on both of us, if you’d given in and told me what our future held. But now I know and understand the reason why you didn’t. You were right to keep it from me, because it would have made me make a choice between you and her. I could never make that choice Jared, for I would have wanted both of you. I thank you for not putting me through that, just as I will not put you through it either.
You will try to keep me here, as long as is humanly possible. You will fight with the idea, and you would do it. You would pull that plug, but then you would live with that guilt for the rest of your life – which is going to be far longer than you believe is possible – but eventually, it would make you bitter. And your heart is not meant for bitterness. It’s meant to love, and love it will.
I have made the choice to go on my own. I know I can do this, for you’ve taught me well. The Dine’é Yá have taught me too. Letting go of life will not be easy for me, for I wanted many long years with you. If there’s one thing they’ve taught me over these few months, it’s time is not always on our side in this world. Once you’ve made up your mind to let me go, I will slip quietly from your reality. Before dawn on your day of choosing, while you’re sleeping, with our daughter resting beside you as I have so many nights, I will leave you. I will not make you make that choice.
Try not to be too sad. I’m not that far away. With each morning sunrise, you’ll see my face. As you lay your head to rest, I will watch over you while you sleep. My kiss will be on the breeze. Goodbye is not forever. Love is forever as mine is yours.
Sara loves Jared FOREVER!
Clutching Sara’s ring in the palm of his hand, Jared wiped his tears, took a deep breath, and turned the page….

From the Author 
If you’ve enjoyed reading ‘Blood of the Rainbow’ would you consider helping me by spreading the word?
You could post a review on Amazon; tell your friends on Facebook, MySpace, Google+, Twitter or simply mention the book to your friends.
Thanks – any (or all?) of these would really help.
You might also like the book series ‘A Vested Interest’

The Complete ‘A Vested Interest’ Saga So Far:
Book One - A Vested Interest
Book Two - Dark Secrets
Book Three - No Secrets
Book Four - Stones, Stars, and Solutions
Book Five - Leap of Faith
Book Six - Regret and Retribution
Book Seven - Consequences
Book Eight - Ashes to Ashes
Book Nine - Dust to Dust (Out 2013)

Also

Related books - Blood of the Rainbow
Blood of the Rainbow II (Parts 1 & 2 out 2013)

Find out more about the saga at http://www.avestedinterest.info &
http://www.facebook.com/A.Vested.Interest

 Shelia Chapman

A Vested Interest Series
Would you be concerned if you were told that a rogue planetoid would collide with Earth and destroy all life on it in the year 7141? Probably not. It is so far off in the future that it's one of those events which can be left to our descendants to solve. It would be a ‘not our problem’ event. 
What would happen if you suddenly found yourself immortal though? Then it would be your problem. Would the impending apocalypse be a little more urgent?
This is the story behind the ‘A Vested Interest’ book series by John and Shelia Chapman. The ebook of book one is free and details the moral struggles of three scientists who are developing a genetic treatment which, if successful, could greatly extend human lifespan. Along the way they'll face corporate jealousy at the highest levels, greed, spite, vengeance, advanced technology, love and betrayal. Their goal - the very essence of life itself.

Of course there’s a lot more to a series of 9 books (more on the way) so check out http://avestedinterest.info/series.htm for more details.
 
A Vested Interest
Donna Rigden is fed up with her boss at D'Netics Research Facility. She resigns - big mistake! Donna is now on the hit list of one of the most notorious men in the corporate US. He's without morals and doesn't accept the word 'no'.
Sir Richard, Donna's new employer showers her with luxury and makes her an offer she can't refuse. Now, once she's signed the contract, he asks her to use her medical expertise to commit murder. Donna probably would have walked away, but she'd been swept off her feet.
Richard sides against her; Donna feels hurt and betrayed. She turns to her new friend for help. Donna's life is turned upside down. Two letters and two secrets steer her future. Donna must make a life changing choice. Once made, there's no going back. Was it the right choice?
Death strikes! The infirmary's doctor is ordered to give his patient a mystery drug. He's told the drug is either a cure or a curse. Will he stand by his Hippocratic Oath or follow orders?

