Chrystal Bahl’s
Twisted Tails
A Paranormal Romance
Blood Ties
Book #2
By L. M. Reed
Smashwords Edition
Copyright L. M. Reed 2016

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Author’s Note

Blood Ties is a modern day paranormal romance with its beginnings in historical fiction during the time of William the Conqueror.  
Although a large portion of the locations and/or events referenced in this novel did and still do exist, a great many of the details regarding those locations and/or events have been fabricated.
This literary work is purely fictional and for entertainment purposes only.

Disclaimer
tHIS BOOK IS PART OF A SERIES AND IS NOT A STAND-ALONE BOOK!

Books by L. M. Reed

Chrystal Bahl’s Twisted Tails Series

Prequel—Frozen Dawn
Book 1—Bloodlines
Book 2—Blood Ties
Coming soon…
Book 3—Blood Secrets

Agent Jack Knight Series

Agent Jack Knight: The Beginning
Agent Jack Knight: China
Agent Jack Knight: Russia
Coming soon…
Agent Jack Knight: Mexico

Dear Diary…Series

The Eyes Have It
Dear Diary…
Finding Mrs. Wright
For Richard or Poorer
One Knight Stand
Take Your Mark
Keeping Count
Christmas Spy
Judging a Book
Fat Chance
Grunt Work
And more to come…

Prologue

Paris, France
1998

“Where is the Eiffel Tower, Father?” the young boy asked straining for a view from the windows of the black Rolls.  “Is it beyond the trees?  Will we see it soon?  William’s father brought him here last year and he said…”
“We are here on business, not as tourists.  I have already explained this to you.”
“I remember, but I have never been and I had hoped to see it from the aeroplane or the hire car, but…”
“The Eiffel Tower will not be visible from either.”
“Could we…?”
“There will be no sightseeing.  We have no time for such nonsense.”
After a moment of silence, the boy asked, “Where are we going, Father?  Is it close?”
“Another quarter of an hour or so.”
“Will there be a loo?”
“Be silent, boy.  I grow weary of your chatter.”
“But I need the loo…”
“As I have told you many times in the past, that colloquialism is vulgar and beneath us.”
“Will there be a privy?”
“Not one that you may use.  I shall not have you embarrass me by inquiring…and do not dare to have an accident.” 
“Yes sir,” the eight-year-old, brown-haired, curly-headed boy said in a subdued voice as he once more turned towards his window and stretched as tall as possible in order to catch a glimpse of something interesting.
“Sit back and stop fidgeting.”
“Yes sir,” the disappointed lad sighed and flopped back against his seat.
Ten minutes after the vehicle had performed a left turn heading south, the ceiling above the boy’s head danced with the reflected light of the sun.  Once again, sitting up as straight and tall as he could manage, the boy gazed out the window at the beautiful reflection of the sun bouncing off the river on the right side of the road, enchanted by the sight.
Moments later, the automobile once more turned left and the river disappeared from view.  As the car came to a stop and the two disembarked, the boy’s eyes widened in amazement at the incredibly sparkling wonderland in front of him.  Although Frederick lived in a rather large castle in Cumbria, his father preferred to spend his money elsewhere, leaving most of the old and dilapidated structure to rot.  The young boy had never in his short life seen anything as beautiful as the enormous dazzling white columns, crystal clear flowing fountains, and stunning array of colorful flowers filling the huge courtyard of the chateaux. 
“Close your mouth, boy,” his father growled as the door to the mansion opened to reveal a well-dressed older man.  “We do not gape.”
“Master Richard,” the man said with a formal bow from the arched doorway of the mansion, “Milord is expecting you.”
“Vincent,” Richard acknowledged with a slight nod as he climbed the marbled front steps.  “This is my son, Frederick.”
“Milord is quite eager to make your acquaintance, young man.  May I take your coat, Master Richard?”
“That will not be necessary as we shall not be staying long.”
“Very well…if you will follow me.”
“I do not require a nursemaid,” Richard said sweeping past him.  “I am well aware of the way.”
“As you wish,” Vincent murmured, bowing once more.
Entering the study, Richard stood in front of the wall of books that hid the panel to the chambers buried deep beneath the house surreptitiously drawing a steadying breath before pulling out the old and worn leather-bound first edition of Dracula, thrusting his hand into the small space between the books, and depressing the switch concealed there.
“Intimidation tactics will not work on me,” Richard murmured as he replaced the book.  “You are not Dracula.”
“Did you say something, Father?”
“Nothing of consequence,” Richard said dismissively as the panel slid open.  “Listen to me very carefully.  You will speak only when directly addressed and will otherwise remain silent.  Do you understand?”
“Words of wisdom by which to live,” Vincent noted from behind the pair.
Ignoring the barb, Richard stepped through the opening, dragging the reluctant boy with him.
“Why is it so dark?” Frederick whispered as soon as the panel slid shut.
“Come to me, Frederick,” a toneless, slightly accented voice commanded from the darkness below.  “I am waiting for you.”
“Yes sir,” Frederick answered gulping loudly.
“Do not dally,” Richard ordered urging the terrified boy down the narrow wooden stairs.
As the two of them approached the figure shrouded in shadows, a bony white hand reached out from the darkness towards Frederick.  The boy instinctively cowered, but his father pushed him forward.
“Take my hand, Frederick.”
“I…I…I would rather not,” the boy stammered adding as an afterthought, “…sir.”
“Take his hand, damn you,” Richard forced out between gritted teeth.
Reaching out reluctantly, Frederick touched the cold white fingers and instantly recoiled.
Impatiently, Richard grabbed Frederick by the wrist and shoved the boy’s hand into the painfully tight grasp of the corpselike appendage.
“Kiss my ring.”
“Must I…?”
“Damn it to hell, boy,” his father said in exasperation, “do as he says or you will regret it.”
Placing his mouth gently on the ring, Frederick—having done his duty—was about to withdraw when he felt the prick of two sharp prongs digging into the delicate skin of his lips.  With a muffled cry, he attempted to move away, but his father’s hand holding the back of his head held him firmly in place.
As the ring dug deeper and deeper into Frederick’s sensitive lips, tears sprang to his eyes and began to fall freely down the deathly white fingers of the ringed hand as he shook in fear.
“Be still, boy,” Milord commanded.
Although Frederick tried as hard as he could to obey the frightening man, he couldn’t seem to stop the shivers and sobs which fought for dominance in his small and thin body.
As the shadowy figure withdrew the ringed hand, Richard’s heart sank to his feet.  Frederick’s noncompliance could only mean one thing.
“I have seen enough,” Milord announced.
Releasing the boy’s head, Richard took an involuntary step backwards, wondering what form the shadowy figure’s wrath would take.
“Milord…?” he ventured, voice filled with uncertainty.
Ignoring Richard, Milord directly addressed the boy standing in front of him with bowed head, shivering uncontrollably as tears fell onto the cold stone under his feet.
“Why do you continually disobey your father?”
Afraid of displeasing both men again, Frederick tried to stifle his sobs and answer, but seemed unable to find his voice.
“I asked you a question and I expect an answer.”
“Answer him,” Richard demanded, yanking Frederick’s head back by the hair.
“He…s…sometimes…makes me…do…b…b…bad things,” the boy managed to stammer.
“Such as…?”
“H…h…hiding and l…l…listening to p…people talk and then t…t…t…telling him what they s…said.”
“Why would you assume that your father’s requests are bad?”
Nothing was forthcoming.
“Answer me,” Milord demanded as Richard shook him by the hair.  “How do you know this?  To whom have you spoken of such things?  Your tutor…?  One of the servants…?  The cook…?  Speak up, boy.”
“It was…the…the lady.”
“What lady?”
No answer.
“Do you know the lady’s name?”
Frederick shook his head miserably.
“Where did you meet this lady?”
“I did not,” the boy whispered.
“I am losing patience,” Milord warned.  “If you did not meet her, how have you managed to communicate with her?”
“In…my…h…h…head,” he managed to choke out before sobs once more tore through his body.
Immediately, Richard released Frederick’s hair and once more stepped away from him, shock and surprise written clearly across his face.
For a moment, there was no sound other than inconsolable weeping and the drumming of unseen fingers.
“Vincent…”
“Yes, Milord,” Vincent’s voice floated down to the trio from the top of the stairs.
“Take the boy and do whatever it is that you do with these creatures to see to their comfort.”
“Of course,” Vincent acknowledged as he arrived at the bottom of the stairs.
Moving towards the frightened eight-year-old, Vincent placed his arm across the boy’s shoulder.
“Are you hungry?” he asked the child as he led him to the stairs.  “Would you care for a spot of tea and a scone?”
“Do…do…you…have…a…a…loo?” the boy sniffled and wiped his nose on his sleeve, glancing apprehensively at his father.
“Certainly, and then afterwards…elevenses…?”
The boy nodded more enthusiastically, as much at the kind tone of voice as the actual words.
Once the door at the top of the stairs closed, Richard faced Milord once more.
“He is not my son,” Richard stated in a voice devoid of all emotion.
“Unfortunately, no,” Milord agreed.  “As you suspected, we hold no sway over the boy.”
“I want the bastard dead,” Richard snarled.  “At least then I shall finally be free of that blithering solicitor.  I grow weary of inventing excuses for withdrawing money from Frederick’s trust fund simply because my cheating slut of a wife left him her fortune.”
“He may yet have his uses.”
“As you said, we hold no sway over him.  I do not see…”
“The boy lives.”
“Then you take him,” Richard growled.  “I do not want that bastard in my house.  He is insane and has voices in his head with more control over him than I have.”
“You will do as I say,” Milord said holding out his hand.  “Find a way to exert your influence.”
“I have tried for years,” Richard pointed out, ignoring the outstretched hand.  “It is of no use.”
“You will find a way.”
“But…”
“Enough!” Milord commanded.  “Submit to me.”
As Richard grasped the alabaster white hand and reluctantly pressed his lips to the ring, he suppressed a shudder, certain he could see bone through the man’s translucent skin.  Of course, the shudder could also have been a chill from the ice-cold fingers he reluctantly held.
“You will take the boy home and behave normally with him.”
“I will take the boy home and behave normally with him,” Richard repeated.
“You will remember this interlude as an enjoyable visit with an old friend.”
“I greatly enjoyed a visit with an old friend.”
“You may go now.”
“I will go now.”
As Richard disappeared up the stairs, the stark white ringed hand reached out towards a side table and lifted a receiver, punching in a series of numbers before putting the instrument to his ear.
“It is done.”
“The boy will live…?” a nervous voice asked.
“A tad anxious, Sebastian…?”
“You would understand my concern if you had seen Bealu.  It is without a doubt the most beautiful yet terrifying face I have ever seen.”
“I can assure you that my face is not nearly as presentable as Bealu’s and much more terrifying, as you will soon discover if you make any more claims that you cannot support.  Do you understand?”
“Y…y…yes, Milord,” Sebastian stuttered.  “I…er…would never…”
“Excellent…keep me advised as to any progress you make with Bealu.”
“Yes, Milord…I shall be…” Sebastian began, but Milord had already disconnected the call.
“Vincent, have the two departed?”
“They have,” Vincent answered from the kitchen.  “Perhaps you would be so kind as to allow Master Richard to retain more memories of past arrivals the next time.  I grow weary of his incessantly repeated Dracula commentary.”
“You possess no sense of irony,” Milord accused in a mild tone.  “However, more to the point, Richard retains only pleasant memories of his time here.  That commentary would hardly qualify.”
“No part of his visits here are pleasant.”
“True, but his paranoid delusion that I am indeed Dracula tends to overshadow all else.”
“It is only paranoia if it is not a reasonable assumption and that assumption is by far the most unpleasant part of his visits, yet you allow him to retain that notion year after year.  In fact, you seem to actively cultivate the impression that you are Dracula.”
“Dracula is fiction…a fairy tale…no doubt told to children in order to keep them in at night.”
“As you are well aware, the Count did in fact exist, although I will own that he was no vampire.”
“The world appeared to think so.”
“Because you framed him.”
“He did not seem to mind.  In fact, I would go so far as to say he enjoyed the notoriety.  Regardless, the part that most chills Richard’s blood is least likely to be remembered.”
“A convenient if illogical excuse,” Vincent returned.  “You allow Richard to retain his faulty conclusion, yet not his repeatedly bothersome commentary.  I do believe that you leave certain parts of his memory intact purposely because it maddens me and that amuses you.”
“Reason enough,” Milord agreed.  “His departure was without incident?”
“As usual, Richard was much more tractable after spending quality time with you and your precious bauble.”  
“A pity the child is not as tractable.”
“Does the voice in the child’s head present a problem?”
“That remains to be seen.”
“Is it possible that Bealu…?”
“Richard has kept the boy isolated since his wife’s suicide so it is more likely a simple manifestation of a mother figure by a lonely child.”  
“Will Richard remember that the child is not his?”
“Even given the unpleasant nature of that information, he is unlikely to forget that part.  I merely confirmed the nagging doubts that have plagued him for years.”  
“I must admit to some surprise that the boy is illegitimate.  Richard does not strike me as the sort to allow anyone under his control enough freedom to stray.”
“I suppose he had to sleep some time.”
“Apparently, so did she…just not with her husband.”
“It amuses you…his wife’s unfaithfulness…?”
“Not particularly, although I must say, he most likely deserved it.”
“Rather remiss of Bealu to limit the effects of the oath to the male portion of the bloodline so that the blood tie can neither control nor be passed down through the females, which have proven to be a thorn in our sides for centuries with their disloyalty and disobedience.”
“As there were no women present the night we took the blood oath, that seems only fair.”
“Do I detect a critical tone in your voice, Vincent?”
“Simply stating facts,” Vincent said before redirecting the conversation.  “Do you believe that Sebastian actually spoke with Bealu?”
“I do.”
“It has been centuries with very little in the way of communication and nothing of import.  Why now…?  Why Sebastian…?  Of all of the sorcerers you have employed over the centuries, Sebastian is arguably one of the most ineffectual, yet you are willing to believe that he was suddenly chosen by Bealu as a conduit.”
“You no doubt heard his description of Bealu.”
“I did.”
“Every sorcerer with actual knowledge of her employs similar descriptive terms…beautiful and lovely while at the same time terrifying and horrifying.  You and I are the only living beings with firsthand knowledge of Bealu’s true self and that is exactly how I would describe her.  The man was obviously traumatized.  That alone leads me to believe the sorcerer’s information to be legitimate.”
“Regardless of the legitimacy of the information, in the end, the sorcerers always seem to become your sustenance.”
“It is not a lack of faith that prompts their demise, my dear Vincent,” Milord rebuked.  “I simply have an aversion to extortion.  I shall not pay more than agreed upon no matter the information nor the circumstances.”
“And you prefer not to leave loose ends lying about for anyone to tie together.”
“That would be rather remiss of me.  Clearly, people can be bought, and I have no intention of allowing anyone outside of our brotherhood to run amuck with knowledge of my whereabouts.”
“Because, of course, you have the ability to control all of the members.”
“A pity I have been unable to locate a sorcerer within the brotherhood.”
“That seems a bit too coincidental.  Bealu endowed you with the power to control the brethren…perhaps that somehow interferes with her ability to communicate through any of us.”
“It is possible.”
“Your propensity to kill the messenger, so to speak, may also be inhibiting your ability to communicate with Bealu.  You receive more information from the occasional informant than your sorcerers, as the lifespan of a sorcerer under your purview tends to be unnaturally short.”
“Bealu need not utilize the same avenue twice.  She has managed to locate multiple conduits over the centuries and I have garnered much from those sources.”
“Quite the rationalization, but I must point out that while you do know there is a prophecy, you have yet to learn anything substantive about it.”
“I have learned that the Alpha must die.”
“Have you?  Personally, I doubt the validity of that particular claim as the terrified sorcerer in question found himself staring into the face of death, in other words…you, after a year of producing nothing of import.  The man was quite obviously intent upon saving his own skin.”
“His words merely confirmed what I have always suspected.”
“At this point, I feel duty-bound to remind you that you accomplished that very thing a century later, and yet another Alpha rose up to take his place.”
“That is of no consequence.  Obviously, I did not possess all of the information required.  With this new discovery, I now know that the boy shall assist in either locating the Alpha, disposing of him, or perhaps both.”
“That interpretation has some merit, I suppose.”
“The boy is the key…there can be no other interpretation.”
“I shall concede that as a possibility, however, once again I would be remiss if I failed to remind you that the sorcerer from whom you garnered the information regarding the ‘key’ had no knowledge what form that ‘key’ would take.”
“Whatever the boy’s role, I am certain all will be made clear in due time.”
“I am inspired by your optimism.”
“I remain unimpressed by your sarcasm.”
“We are approaching a millennium of searching with no tangible results and if the first sorcerer in you employ is to be believed, you do not have much time left.”
“You seldom credit any sorcerer as a valid source of information, but that one you deem worthy…?  The one that insisted I would perish with the expiration of a millennium…?”
“And with your death, the wolves would also die, restoring the balance of nature.”
“I asked Bealu for immortality, not a trifling thousand years of life.”
“Perhaps, as the sorcerer suggested before you killed him in a fit of rage, it was not within her realm of authority to grant immortality.”
“So you choose to believe that I am dying.”
“I choose to believe the evidence of my own eyes.  Instead of one yearly feed—as in the beginning—you now require a daily dose of fresh blood in order to maintain the level of power you have always enjoyed.  Even with those daily feeds, your body continues to petrify, becoming more and more sensitive to light of any sort.”
“Light has always been my nemesis.  That is nothing new.”
“It pained you, that is true, but you were able to overcome that discomfort and walk in the sun as a normal man.  After only two centuries, the pain turned into something more and you were no longer able to endure the sun, limiting you to a nocturnal existence.  Now you cannot even abide the reflected light of the moon and are confined to the shadows at all times.”
“I am confident that situation shall soon be rectified, and I will once more walk among humans undetected.  Then I shall have no more need of your services and will release you as requested.”
“I am afraid I do not share your sunny outlook…no pun intended.”
“No…?”
“Perhaps pun intended.”
“There is no doubt in my mind that Bealu somehow provided the means for her greatest achievement to survive past the millennium, and the answers I seek are part of the prophecy.  Why else would Bealu have imparted that knowledge?  I am now more hopeful than ever that the time is at hand.”
“Wishful thinking.”
“It is more than that,” Milord contradicted.  “This is the first time that Bealu has contacted me through a sorcerer in order to prevent a costly mistake.  I had already decided upon the child’s death, but her timely intervention saved his life.  That boy is important—possibly the key—and I believe it is an indication that events shall unfold within his lifetime.”
“That does make sense.”
“Soon I shall have everything that I need in order to once more be whole.”
“Finally,” Vincent sighed.
“Impatient, my dear Vincent?”
“After well nigh a millennium of waiting, I believe I have earned the right.”
“Tired of caring for your master?”
“Tired of living,” Vincent corrected, “if that is indeed what I have been doing.”
“I shall endeavor not to take offense.”
“I can assure you, no offense intended.  Although at the time of our agreement I wished to be healed of my affliction, immortality held no appeal for me then…nor does it now.”
“The day’s events have taken their toll.  Have you managed to secure sustenance?  You have allowed my supply to dwindle.”
“Not ready to devour Sebastian?  He looks a succulent morsel…not to mention the time and effort that would save me.”
“He may yet have his uses as a sorcerer.”
“Until he asks for a raise…?”
“The sustenance…?” Milord repeated.
Vincent’s gaze turned to the laptop sitting on the table in front of him.
“Like it kinky…?” Vincent read aloud.  “Then I’m your girl.  Call Pumpkin at 555-0202.”
“Hmm…intriguing.  I shall take one of those.”
“I thought you would,” Vincent agreed as he closed the computer and reached for his cell phone.
“You know me too well.”
My thoughts exactly, he silently agreed as he punched in the numbers.

2012

Thursday, May 17th

Chapter 1

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana

As soon as Jay left the room, Brit immediately moved to the window.  Although she didn’t want to watch him leave her, she couldn’t seem to help herself.  Amazingly, over the past few days, Jay had become her everything and, as clichéd as it sounded, he felt as necessary to her as the air she breathed.  
Hard to believe that so much had happened so quickly.  The two of them had gone from an uneasy friendship that neither of them had the strength to break off, to mates for life all in a very short period of time.  True, they had both secretly wanted more, but until the impromptu camping trip Dee had more or less forced on them because of her quest to find the werewolf boy she’d seen when she was ten, each had kept quiet about it.
And now I can’t imagine being without him, she thought in despair.  How will I survive the separation?
But she knew she had to, at least until he helped rescue their best friends, Dee and Quort, from the Society…a group of men dedicated to eradicating Jay’s Pack…Jay included.
Wrapping her arms around herself, suddenly cold, Brit watched her mate move out from under the porch and slip into the front passenger seat of a large black four-door pickup…no doubt driven by that manipulative, hard-headed, control freak named Blake…otherwise known as the Alpha. 
From what Jay had told her, she knew that they were bound for a private jet that Blake owned, so she was surprised when the vehicle disappeared around the side of the house instead of retracing the route she and Jay had used when they arrived.
Maybe they have their own private airstrip, too.
Brit was impressed despite her determination to remain angry with Blake for turning her into a simpering idiot with his Alpha voodoo mind-control when she’d met him earlier…which, by the way, wasn’t happening again.  She would make sure of that.
With nothing except landscape to keep her attention, Brit started to turn back towards the bed, but instead found herself slumping against the window frame, suddenly dizzy.
“Whoa,” she whispered as she put one hand to her spinning head while the other moved to her suddenly roiling midsection.
A strong arm slid around her waist—preventing what could have been a nasty fall—while a firm but gentle hand grasped her elbow, urging her towards the bed.
“You have lost a massive amount of blood, Ms. Macintosh,” an incredibly deep yet kind voice murmured near her ear.  “We must remedy that situation immediately.”
“But Jay healed me,” Brit protested weakly as she sank down onto the bedspread.
It said a lot about Brit’s physical, mental, and emotional state that she didn’t even think to wonder why a strange man was in her temporary bedroom with his arm around her waist, acting as if he knew her.
“Jay simply absorbed your injuries,” the man corrected.  “He could not, however, replace the blood that you lost.”
“I felt fine until a second ago.”
“The adrenaline rush kept you moving,” the man nodded sympathetically, “but it can only hold you for so long.  You need fluids to replenish your body.”
“Who are you?” Brit whispered.
“Ah…there you are, Georgia,” the man smiled as he turned towards the girl who had silently entered the room bearing a tray loaded down with a couple of glasses and a pitcher of what looked like orange juice.  “Thank you, my dear.  Georgia would have been here sooner, but she insists on freshly squeezed and that takes time.  She is really quite amazing.”
Stunned to see Georgia return the man’s smile as she set the tray down on the nightstand, all Brit could do was stare.  Suddenly remembering that the two of them weren’t alone, Georgia darted a quick sideways glance at Brit and hastily lowered her eyes before swiftly exiting the room.
“She looked at you…and actually smiled,” Brit noted in mild surprise as she watched the man pour a glass of juice.  “Does that mean she hates my guts?  I mean, I know I’ve only been here about an hour or so…I think I’ve lost all track of time…like I’m in the twilight zone or something…what was I saying…?  Oh yeah, I tried everything I knew to do when she showed me to my room and couldn’t get anything out of her.”
“Drink first,” the man insisted as he handed Brit the filled glass, “and then we shall talk.”
At Brit’s skeptical look, he chuckled before adding, “I assure you, I am here for the duration.”
After downing the whole glass of orange juice without taking a breath Brit, suddenly realizing what she’d done and the usual ramifications of such actions, waited fatalistically to see what would happen.  A minute or so passed and she exhaled loudly, relieved to discover that the churning in her stomach had calmed down and she actually felt quite a bit better.  She hadn’t thought about the possibility of a stomach rebellion before guzzling the liquid like a thirsty pig at a water trough.
“So…who are you and what exactly is it that you do around here?” she asked holding out her glass.
“I am Doctor Minsk.”
“Doctor Minsk!” Brit exclaimed, startled into loosening her grip on the glass.  “Dee’s shrink?”
“One of my many titles,” he admitted as he neatly caught the fragile item before it could hit the floor.
“Well…I guess that takes care of the second part of my question…what it is you do around here.  You’re the resident wolfie head shrinker.”
“That would be one way of putting it.”
“I wouldn’t have thought wolves’ heads needed shrinking.  Or maybe it’s because they’re wolves that they need their heads examined.  Or are you the human head shrinker?  I mean, like Georgia…she’s obviously female so not a wolf.  That’s it, isn’t it?  You’re a head shrinker for humans that come into contact with wolves.  Is that why Georgia’s here?  Are you her shrink, too?  Is that why she seems to trust you?  Not that she needs a shrink or anything, but she’s creepy quiet and won’t look at me when I’m talking to her and…”
“Do you not require oxygen?”
“What…?”
“You seem particularly adept at long-winded speech.”
“Are you evading my questions?” Brit shot back.  “Is that a shrink thing?”
“I have known Georgia since she was a child and we have a great affection for one another,” he said as he refilled Brit’s glass and handed it back to her.  “You certainly seem to enjoy using that word.”
“What word?” Brit asked as she took another sip.  “Oh, right…shrink.  I guess you’d prefer psychiatrist.”
“That would be more seemly.”
“By all means, let’s be seemly…psychiatrist it is.”
“You appear to be feeling better.”
“Yep, that juice really hit the spot,” Brit replied smiling slightly.  “Although, I probably should have been more careful with that first helping…seeing it a second time would’ve been kind of gross.”
“Indeed.”
Setting the glass back on the tray, Brit asked, “Are you taking care of Freddie?  I mean, Jay said something about it and I guess since you’re a doctor—even though you’re just a shrink…I mean, psychiatrist—you’re qualified…no offense intended.”
“None taken,” the doctor assured her in what Brit was glad to note was a humorous tone.  “And although I am just a ‘shrink’, as you continue to tactfully point out, I do have a medical degree, and yes, Freddie is under my care.”
“How is he?  Or is that protected by patient confidentiality like Georgia?”
“You are most outspoken.”
“One of my finer traits, I’ve always thought…so, about Freddie…”
“The young man has not yet regained consciousness.”
“Why not?”
“The injury to his head resulted in edema.”
“Edema…?”
“In layman’s terms…swelling.”
“Like in his brain…?  Is that really bad?  It sounds really bad.”
“It is not optimal.” 
“What if his head runs out of room?”
“Then I may be forced into extreme measures or brain cells begin to die.”
“Would you operate on him?  Can shrinks do that kind of thing?”
“Let us hope that it does not come to that.”
“So, what are you doing for it right now?  Are you giving him medicine or something?”
“Not at this time.  We are currently administering IV fluids and oxygen while attempting to lower his core body temperature.”
“That sounds dangerous.”
“We are monitoring him carefully.”
“Do you think he’ll be all right?  I mean, I know he’s one of the bad guys, but he didn’t want to leave us…his father tricked him into leaving…and he did try to help me…at least, from what little I can remember I think he did.  I’m not sure I knew the difference between fantasy and reality at that point…I was in and out a lot…but I’m pretty sure that he attacked the monster that was cutting me up and…”
“As I said, we are monitoring him carefully,” Dr. Minsk gently interrupted her.  “At this point in time, my educated guess would be that he will regain consciousness sometime within the next few hours.”
“What happens if he doesn’t wake up then?”
“Medication would be our next step.”
“And if that doesn’t work…?”
“You truly are the most persistent young lady I have ever met.”
“And if that doesn’t work…?”
“A procedure to reduce the pressure would be in order, and yes, I am fully capable of performing such a procedure.”
“If that doesn’t work it’s really really bad, isn’t it?” 
“Yes, my dear, that would be extremely bad.”
“So who is ‘we’?”
“Pardon me?”
“You keep using ‘we’, like ‘we’ are monitoring him carefully…is that the royal ‘we’ that doctors use all the time like when they ask ‘how are we this morning’ even though they already know how they are and are just asking how the patient is doing in a weird convoluted and patronizing way, or is there someone else watching him, too?”
“You certainly jump from one subject to another with lightening speed, and have quite an interesting turn of phrase,” Minsk noted drily.  “My wife is currently at his bedside.”
“Is she a doctor, too?”
“She is a nurse.”
“Oh…are you one of those men?”
“One of those men…?” the doctor inquired, raising an eyebrow.
“Mister Males-Are-Doctors-Females-Are-Nurses-Male-Chauvinist-Pig Britches…?  Or maybe you’re more a Mister Keep-’em-Barefoot-and-Pregnant Britches…”
“I pity your parents,” Minsk murmured.
“They often pity themselves,” Brit agreed, totally unperturbed.  “Speaking of which, I was wondering if…”
“Come in, Sinclair,” he interrupted before Brit could finish her question.
“How did you…?” Brit began then forgot what she was about to say as she noticed the familiar piece of luggage in the hand of the young man entering the room.  “My suitcase!  I thought it was gone forever.  Where on earth did you find it?”
“My son retrieved all of the items left at the campsite,” Minsk explained.  “Where would you prefer…?”
“Your son is here?”
“Yes, Alexandre is…was…here.  I believe the two of you have…”
“Alexandre is your son?” Brit exclaimed in astonishment.
“Where would you prefer Sinclair leave your luggage?”
Glancing dazedly over at Sinclair, it took a moment for Brit to gather her wits after the shock of learning that Alexandre was the doctor’s son.  Once she’d regained her equilibrium, she was promptly knocked off balance again, receiving three more shocks, each coming on the heels of the other rather quickly.  
The first shock had to do with the sheer size of the guy named Sinclair.  He had to be at least 6’6” and man was he built.  The dark blue t-shirt he wore was obviously stretched to the limit across his massive chest and his bulging biceps were impressive to say the least.  Adding in the narrow hips and muscled thighs stuffed into a comfortably worn pair of old blue jeans, and he looked like some sort of Nordic god.
And this time I’m not under any Alpha voodoo spell.
Brit had no doubt that if she’d been writing a werewolf romance novel, Sinclair would have been the featured picture on the front.
Shoot, who needs the novel, Brit decided.  I’d just sell his picture and make an easy million. 
As she examined his blonde ponytail and very nicely sculpted facial features, the second shock kicked in and suddenly Brit understood why he stood there, eyes downcast while silently holding her suitcase, allowing the doctor to speak for both of them.  
Sinclair was the male version of Georgia.  
The two of them had to be related.  They not only acted alike, they also had similar coloring—although Sinclair’s hair was a lot lighter than Georgia’s—and looked enough alike in the face as to be twins.
And that’s when the third shock hit.  Sinclair’s blonde hair was so light it was almost white—definitely the most unusual coloring Brit had ever seen—and that sounded way too familiar.  It couldn’t be a coincidence that the little boy Dee had always described had whitish blonde hair…and that Dee had brought them to an area so close to the ranch trying to find the tow-headed wolf-boy…and that the guy standing in the doorway had the exact same coloring…
Realizing she’d been staring, Brit gave herself a good hard shake and shot Sinclair an apologetic smile.
“On the bed is fine…um…Sinclair…thanks,” she finally managed.
“Sinclair is Georgia’s older brother,” Minsk offered.  “Sinclair…this is Jay’s fiancée…Brit.”
Sinclair nodded in her general direction, placed the suitcase on the end of the bed, and left.
“He’s the boy, isn’t he?” Brit whispered.
“He is.”
“Was he in trouble for…for…you know…letting Dee see him?” she continued in a low voice.
“That is neither my story to tell nor yours to hear.”
“Wait…how could he have a sister?  I thought all babies were male.”
“Many of us have been blessed with half-siblings.”
“Like Jay used to have before…” Brit trailed off, unable to finish.
“As you say,” Minsk nodded.  “What were you…?”
“Dee saw his picture on the internet, didn’t she?” Brit interrupted before the doctor could change the subject.  “That’s what led her here…”
“It would appear so,” Minsk conceded.  “What were you attempting to ask before your luggage arrived?”
“Oh, right…well…it’s just that talking about family earlier reminded me of my family and that reminded me that I hadn’t called or texted my parents in a while, so I wondered if I could borrow a phone.”
“Actually, we managed to retrieve your phone and, if I am not mistaken, I believe the device now resides inside the suitcase Sinclair delivered.”
“What about Dee’s phone?  Did you find that, too?”
“We did.”
“What are we going to tell her parents?  If we don’t do something fairly soon they’ll both be out of their minds with worry.  She’s an only child and I know that she promised to text them at least once a day and I don’t think she’s missed a day since we left California.”
“I am attending to that matter.”
“How…?” Brit asked narrowing her eyes.
“Her parents have been contacted.”
“Who contacted them and how did they explain Dee’s kidnapping.”
“I have personally taken care of it.”
“You have got to be kidding,” Brit scoffed.  “You talked to them?  In what universe would you think that was a good idea…Dee’s psychiatrist on vacation with her?  Are you nuts?”
“I did not speak with them directly.”
“Okay so…what?  You emailed them…you texted them…?  I doubt that made it any better.”
Sighing heavily, Minsk said, “You truly are most persistent.”
“So you’ve said…over and over again…which means that you are persistently telling me how persistent I am…which smacks of irony, don’t you think?  Now tell me what the hell you’ve done.”
At the doctor’s reproachful look, Brit half shrugged. 
“Fine…tell me what the heck you’ve done,” she conceded before muttering, “as if that’s any better.”
“I merely ensured that Deana’s parents still believe their daughter is happily touring the country with her three closest friends.”
“Oh my gosh!  You’re texting them pretending to be Dee, aren’t you?”
“As you say,” he nodded in acknowledgement.
“But they’ll know it’s not her because she never says things like ‘As you say’, which is something you say an awful lot…”
“I am simply pulling up old texts and recycling.  Deana sends the same basic message every time with only slight variations.”
“But you’re a doctor…what about that whole hippo oath thingy you took?  Surely there’s something in there about lying through your teeth…”
“Every one of us lives a lie by hiding our true natures from the world,” he shrugged.  “It is the nature of the beast, so to speak.”
“So you really are a…uh…one of the…?” Brit stammered.  “I mean, Jay told me you were, but it’s different actually meeting you because I wasn’t thinking about you being…and since I don’t really know any other…you know…ones…other than Jay, that is…and, oh, yeah, Alexandre—which blows my mind, the whole thing about you being his father—and, of course, there’s that damned Alpha dictator…and I did kind of meet Sinclair…even though he didn’t say anything so I don’t know for sure that qualifies as actually meeting him…”
“I shall take my leave of you now,” Minsk broke in smoothly as he moved towards the door.  “I must see to my other patient.”
“Wait…you’re going?  But you said…”
 “I am only exiting the room…not the premises,” Minsk turned back to reassure her.  “I have been charged with your safety.  As long as Jay is away from your side, I shall remain close by.  When you feel up to it, the young man’s room is at the other end of the hall, last door on the left.  You are welcome to drop by and check on him.  I am certain he will want to see you when he awakens.”
“Oh…right…I’ll head that way after I call my parents…and Jay.”
“You may call your parents.”
“But not Jay…?”
“An inconvenient phone call at the wrong moment could result in disaster,” Minsk pointed out.  “For his own safety, I must insist you refrain from calling him.”
“Will he be able to call me?”
“That is Blake’s decision.”
“Blake again…” Brit muttered.
“I shall let Dawn know to expect you later.”
“Dawn…?”
“My wife,” he elaborated.  “After your phone call, perhaps you should concentrate on hydrating and resting before paying a visit to the young man.  You appear to be a bit…er…over-stimulated.”
“You have no idea,” Brit acknowledged, stifling a yawn.  “I think I’ll do that.  I feel a huge crash coming on.”
“If you need anything, utter my name and someone will respond as quickly as possible.”
“Wolfie hearing…?”
“Of course.”
“I’m not an invalid, you know.  I’m sure I can manage the stairs if I need something.”
“As I am your host in Blake’s absence, it falls to me to see to your comfort, and I take my duties quite seriously.”
“Plus, you don’t want me wandering around wolfie-ranchland unsupervised,” Brit smirked.
“There is that.”
“Not even bothering to deny it?”
Minsk shrugged.
“Fine…I’ll call if I need anything,” Brit sighed.  “Thanks for your help…and my suitcase…and my phone…and…”
“My pleasure,” Minsk replied, inclining his head ever so slightly.
And with that, he was gone.
Brit immediately dug the cell phone out of her suitcase, but was discouraged to find it had totally discharged.  Pulling out her charger, she plugged it into the wall and sat waiting for enough of a charge to turn on the phone, but after ten minutes and multiple yawns, decided to do as Dr. Minsk had suggested and get some rest.
Reclining back against the pillow shams, Brit was sound asleep in less than a minute.

Chapter 2

“I thought Mike was going with us,” Jay said in surprise taking in the empty backseat as he slid into the front passenger side.
“He and Alexandre are already at the airfield loading Mike’s equipment onto the jet.  The castle will most assuredly have sophisticated surveillance and tight security measures, but I am confident that Mike will have no difficulty dealing with it.”
“Alexandre…?” Jay frowned.  “Why not take Sinclair instead?”
“Sinclair is tasked with guarding the ranch and I rather assumed you would prefer Alexandre as far from your mate as possible in your absence.”
“Alexandre it is,” Jay immediately agreed.  “And speaking of Alexandre, why haven’t I met his father before now?”
“Why would you?”
“I was really young when Dad died and Minsk’s a psychiatrist, isn’t he?”
“He possesses many legitimate medical certifications, psychiatry is but one that he has acquired over the span of his life.”
“So, why didn’t you send me to him, or ask him to visit the ranch while I was there?”
“We thought it unnecessary.”
“My father had just died, my mother was in the middle of an emotional meltdown, and you thought it unnecessary?”
“We kept a close eye on you.”
“Right,” Jay scoffed.  “You weren’t here—you were with my Mom—and as there were no unidentified scents present, I know Minsk wasn’t either.”
“I had cameras installed in and around the house for Minsk to access, and Liam kept us well informed.  He felt that you and Mike had bonded and I could sense that you were handling things well…under the circumstances.”
“We did bond,” Jay admitted, “but I wasn’t handling anything well.”
For a moment, Blake remained silent, sensing once again the hurt, resentment, and confusion that Jay had experienced while living at the ranch when he was young.  The emotions had returned in greater force than Blake had anticipated.
“Would you like to know the true reason I have kept Minsk away from you?” he asked softly.
At that, Jay’s head jerked up and swiveled towards Blake, eyeing him suspiciously.
“You know I do.”
“Minsk was originally one of my Betas, but once he married and fathered Alexandre, he had no time to devote to the position as well as keep up with his medical responsibilities, so he stepped down.”
“And…?”
“I could find no one qualified to take over at the time, so I divided his duties up among my remaining Betas.”
“My father was killed because he was doing Minsk’s job for him.”
“That is one way to look at it.”
“You assumed that was exactly how I would look at it if I found out, and I’d resent both of you.”
“That was our concern, yes,” Blake conceded.  “Were we wrong in our assessment?”
After a moment of inner struggle, Jay reluctantly replied, “No…you weren’t wrong.”
“I realize that having a professional to talk to might have helped you in many ways, but you are tougher than you realize, Jay—you always have been—and you made it through the ordeal better than most.”
“What doesn’t kill you makes you stronger…?”
“Your father recognized that strength in you and was very proud.  You were all he ever talked about when we were together.”
“I still miss him,” Jay whispered.
“We all do,” Blake agreed.  “Since your father’s death, Minsk has returned to his former duties as Beta and I convinced Minsk’s brother-in-law to become a Beta, but when this is all over, I would like to discuss the possibility of you joining the ranks.”
Jay swallowed hard, “You want me to be a Beta?”
“I do.”
“I’m fresh out of college and about to start med school.  I don’t think I’ll have much time.”
“Of course, it can wait until you have finished your schooling…the position will still be there when you are done.”
“Wouldn’t someone older be better?”
“Older does not necessarily translate into better,” Blake contradicted.  “Years of existence do not automatically denote wisdom or stability.  You inherited the emotional stability that made your father such an excellent Beta.  Add in the fact that you are well-grounded and level-headed…except where your mate is concerned…”
Jay grinned at that, picturing the scene at the beach where he’d almost lost all control because of Brit.
“Not an emotion I wish to share with you,” Blake rebuked.
“Oops…sorry,” Jay grinned sheepishly, consciously turning his mind away from the image of Brit in her skimpy bikini.  “I forgot that you experience our emotions more intensely when we are in close proximity.  I didn’t mean to interrupt your waxing eloquent over my many virtues.  Carry on with the compliments…I’m dying to hear the rest.”
“Your sense of humor is not quite as warped as Liam’s, so perhaps I can stand being around you for long periods of time.”
“Ouch!” Jay exclaimed rubbing a hand over his heart.  “I didn’t mean a backhanded compliment.”
“Do nothing to deserve one and most assuredly you will not receive one.”
“Seriously, though, even without the med school issue, I’m not sure I’m ready.  Would it be okay if I take some time to think about it?  Maybe even talk it over with Brit?”
“I suspected you would say as much, which is another reason I believe you would be a good fit…you seldom do anything without thinking through the ramifications first.  Take all the time that you need.”
At the humor Blake could feel building within Jay, he warned, “I would use that discretion I previously referenced to refrain from commenting on past, present, or future compliments at this very moment.”
Chuckling, Jay said, “Conveying the sentiment behind the words without verbalizing them is almost as good…maybe even better.”
A rare smile curved Blake’s lips as he noted, “You possess your father’s understated, yet effective sense of humor.”
“Thanks,” Jay said in a slightly thickened voice.
Silence reigned as each remembered Jeremiah whom both had loved.  
Blake missed the man he’d considered his best friend for more years than he cared to count.  Jay bore more than a passing resemblance to Jeremiah in looks as well as temperament and frequently Blake had to remind himself that the young man sitting beside him was not his father.
For his part, as much as Jay loved his mother and Felix, there were times he desperately wished his father had lived to help him through his teen years.  So many things he would have talked to Jeremiah about that he never felt he could tell Felix.  It wasn’t that he and Felix weren’t close, but neither Felix nor his mother would ever understand all of the non-human issues he had to deal with…not the least of which was controlling his accidental transformations.  At least his father had lived long enough to teach Jay some techniques to keep his anger in check.  Even though—as Blake had pointed out—Jay was fairly easy-going, teenage angst was no respecter of persons and Jay had experienced his fair share.
Finally, after clearing his throat a couple of times, Jay asked, “So, are those your three Betas…Liam, Rod, and Dr. Minsk.”
“I have others, however…”
“Until I make up my mind…need to know,” Jay shrugged.  “I appreciate Minsk staying at the ranch with Brit until we get back to the states, but what if something comes up and he has to leave…even if only temporarily.”
“Sinclair will also be there.  Between the two of them, I am certain they will be able to handle any contingency.”
“Who’s protecting Brit’s family?”
“Grant is already on the road and should arrive in Los Angeles by tomorrow evening.”
“You’re sending Grant?” Jay asked in disbelief.  “Would that be the same Grant that lost Freddie in Wolfe Butte, the thriving metropolis with a population of twelve-hundred people…give or take.”
“Grant miscalculated the young man’s intentions.”
“I’ll say,” Jay snorted in disgust.
“Throwing stones…?”
Of course, Blake was referring to Jay’s own blunders—not the least of which involved leaving Brit, Dee, and Quort alone and unprotected at the camp—so he took a couple of deep calming breaths and changed his attitude.
“What about between now and the time Grant arrives in LA?  And whenever he sleeps…?  And what if…?”
“I’ve taken steps.”
“Steps…?”.
“Steps,” Blake repeated.
Realizing that was all he was going to get, Jay gave up and asked, “So it’ll just be the four of us flying to the UK?”
“Two others should be arriving at the airstrip as we speak…Rod, one of the Betas I mentioned earlier, and Rod’s son Nick.  The two of them will pilot the jet.”
“So, it’ll be the six of us plus Liam and whoever he manages to round up.”
“At last count, Liam had acquired the three others I require…two of which are cousins to your mate…”
“Brit has Pack cousins?” Jay exclaimed before realizing what he’d said.
Shaking his head at his own lack of intelligence, he silently berated himself even as he smiled at the thought of his mate.
And Brit thinks she’s the stupid one.
Blake waited until he had Jay’s attention once more before finishing his sentence.
“…and one is an old friend of mine.”
“An old friend…?
“His name is Alistair Fine.”
“Is he a Pack member?”
“Yes.”
“He’s another Beta, isn’t he?”
At Blake’s questioning glance, Jay said, “I could tell by your voice…it changes whenever you mention your Betas.”
“I must work on that,” Blake murmured.
“Anything else I should know about Mr. Fine?”
Blake shrugged.
“I am going to meet the man,” Jay reasoned.  At the sight of Blake’s frown, he chuckled and added, “Brit has certainly rubbed off on me.”
“Unfortunately,” Blake noted drily.
“At least I can handle her without using special Alpha voodoo powers,” Jay pointed out in amusement.
“Time is of the essence,” Blake began before realizing he sounded defensive.  Deliberately changing the subject, he said, “Brit has inner strength.  You will do well together.”
“Thanks for helping me save her,” Jay offered softly.  “Losing her would have destroyed me.”
Blake didn’t answer, but Jay could sense his response and that was enough.

~**~

“What’s our status, Rod?”
“We’re loaded and Nick’s finishing up the preflight.”                                                                                                                                     
“I assume you filed the flight plan.”
“Aw, Blake, you wound me,” Rod sighed clasping his hands to his chest.
Blake didn’t bother to reply as he climbed the stairs and disappeared into the jet.
“And you must be Jay,” Rod said reaching out to shake.  “I’m Rod and that’s Nick,” he inclined his head towards figure in the cockpit, “in case you didn’t catch that.”
“It was tough, but I managed to follow the conversation,” Jay replied, taking his hand.
“Good…a sense of humor,” Rod nodded in approval.  “That will help.”
“Jay…?  A sense of humor…?  No way!” a familiar voice scoffed from behind him.  “He’s as serious as a heart attack.” 
“Just because I don’t think you’re as funny as you think you are doesn’t mean I don’t have a sense of humor,” Jay said, a slow smile spreading across his face as he turned to face his old friend.
While the two of them clasped hands and gave a loose imitation of a guy hug, Alexandre joined them, adding his two-cents worth.
“No one finds Mike as funny as he apparently finds himself.”
“And here I thought you were bad,” Mike muttered, “but I gotta say, that old limey stick in the mud beats you by a mile.”
“He’s right behind you, and I’m fairly certain he can hear you.”
“Yeah…so…?”
“Board now or I leave without you,” Blake ordered from the cockpit.
“And that’s our cue,” Rod chuckled.  “Ladies first.”
“Who you callin’ a lady?” Mike drawled.  “I ain’t no lady and that’s fer sure.”
“Substandard English,” Alexandre murmured as he led the way.
“So you’ve said…for years…” Mike replied following close on his heels.  “Now ask me if I care.”
“What’s the schedule?” Jay asked Rod as they brought up the rear.
“We’ll land at LISP in about four hours, grab some shuteye over at the Clarion Hotel, and then head on to London Luton first thing in the morning.”
“LISP…?  What airport is that?”
“Long Island MacArthur Airport,” Rod explained.  “I-S-P is the actual code for that airport, but when Nick and Rick were young, they decided that the ‘Long’ was being ignored and the code needed the ‘L’ in front of it.  We’ve called it LISP ever since.”
“That does make a weird sort of sense,” Jay chuckled.
“It does, but I’ve gotten so used to calling it that, I forget other people have no idea what I’m talking about.”
“Why would you pick an airport on Long Island when there are so many closer in to the City that you could choose?”
“The air traffic is relatively light there, which enables us to lease a very large hangar on the grounds and also translates into fewer people nosing around asking questions.”
“I get the refueling stop and layover, but why fly into London?” Jay asked.  “I assumed Carrington’s Cumberland estate would be in Cumbria.”
“It is.”
“Then wouldn’t it save time to fly into somewhere closer?”
“We always fly into London and Blake thinks it best that we follow our usual MO in order to avoid arousing suspicions.”
“But that will add days and by then it might be too late.”
“If Carrington wants them dead,” Blake said, joining the conversation even though he was still in the cockpit with Nick, “it’s already too late.”
“The man makes a good point, if not a comforting one,” Rod said stifling a yawn.  “Are you playing co-pilot, Blake?”
“I am…Nick said you haven’t gotten much sleep in the past twenty-four hours.”
“Neither have you.”
“I’m fine.”
“You’re the boss,” Rod acknowledged.  “I’ll just sack out on the couch and try to saw some logs.  That is, if the squabbling children back here can keep it down.”
“Remain quiet until Rod awakens,” Blake ordered and for the next four hours, silence reigned.
 
(ISP) Long Island MacArthur Airport

“Aren’t Rod and Nick coming with us to the hotel?” Jay asked as he slid into the front passenger seat of the van.
“Hey, Jay, why do you get the front seat?” Mike groused.  “I’m older.”
“Perhaps if you acted your age…” Alexandre suggested.
“Instead of my shoe size…?  That’s lame.”
“Just get in the van.”
“Bossy Brit.”
“Annoying American.”
“They are staying here to make sure the jet is ready for the flight,” Blake replied as he settled behind the wheel, ignoring the two arguing behind him.
“What about the two Pack members that are in charge of the hangar?  They seemed to know what they’re doing.”
“Rod hires the best, but even so, he prefers that he or Rick do the preflight.  We don’t have much time before we fly out, so they thought it best to remain close and try to fit in some sleep.”
“Didn’t they just do a preflight before we left the airfield at the ranch?”
“A preflight is necessary before every takeoff.”
“That sounds like a lot of work.”
“It is,” Alexandre agreed, “but once the jet is in the air, especially over the ocean, it is comforting to know that my uncle and cousin have thoroughly vetted the aircraft each time.”
“Will they be able to sleep in the hangar?”
“There is a soundproofed room on the premises,” Alexandre informed him.  “No doubt, both will garner more sleep there than we will at the hotel.”
“I hate hotels,” Mike groused.  “It never fails, I get the room next to the crying baby.”
“For once, we are in complete agreement,” Alexandre nodded.
“Will wonders never cease.”
“Indeed.”
“You say ‘indeed’ an awful lot.”
“Indeed.”
“You can stop doing that now.”
“Indeed.”
“That’s really annoying.”
“As are you.”
“At least you stopped saying ‘indeed’.”
“Indeed.”
“Do you two think you could keep it down to a dull roar at least until we get to the hotel?” Jay asked in exasperation
“I will accede to a truce if he will,” Alexandre replied.
“Ditto for me,” Mike agreed.
Turning back to Blake, Jay asked, “Do you think the hotel will be booked?”
“This time of the year…?  Undoubtedly.  However, we have two rooms on paid reserve all year round.”
“Will we be able to sleep?”
“We shall see,” he replied as he pulled into the parking lot.  “The three of you will be sharing a room, so I wouldn’t count on it.”
“What?” Mike exclaimed.  “Are you telling me that I’ve gotta stay in the same room with the Bossy Brit?  You know, I’m thinking that Rod and Nick are staying at the hangar just so they don’t have to room with the Limey smart ass.”
“And so ends the temporary truce with the Annoying American,” Alexandre sighed.  “For your information, Rod and Nick are family.”
“Yeah, I know…all the more reason to avoid you,” Mike retorted.
“We will eat at the hotel café and then retire to our rooms for the night…and I do not wish to hear squabbling.  Do I make myself clear?”
“Yes sir,” all three answered automatically.
“Good…let’s eat.”

Clarion Hotel

“Hey Mike,” Jay whispered.
“Trying to sleep here,” Mike grumbled, turning over and pulling the blanket over his head.  “It’s hard enough hearing that man snoring a few doors down without you bothering me, too.”
“What do you know about Grant.”
“Grant who?”
“Grant…the one that was following Freddie in Wolfe Butte and then lost him.  I’ve never met him and I was just wondering who he was.”
“Oh, him…”
“What do you know about him?”
“Nothing.”
“What do you mean nothing?”
“I’ve heard of him, but I’ve never met him either.”
“How could you not know him if he lives at the ranch?”
“He doesn’t live at the ranch.  What gave you that idea?”
“I am acquainted with Grant,” Alexandre offered from the cot.  “Why are you seeking information regarding him?”
“I need to know that Brit’s family is safe.”
“Grant is quite adept.”
“How could someone ‘quite adept’ lose Freddie in such a small town?”
“Grant has…instincts…he reads people…and as conflicted as Freddie was, I am certain that even Grant had difficulty deciphering his next move.”
“He was ‘deciphering’ him?  Not following him?”
“Grant employs a mixture of the two.  That is how he remains anonymous.”
“That’s not good.”
“It usually works very well for him.”
“Usually isn’t going to cut it.”
“What do you mean?”
“What if he misreads one of Brit’s sisters?”
“Unlikely.”
“How unlikely was it that he lost Freddie in Wolfe Butte?”
“Point taken.”
“By now, the Society knows all about the girls.  What if one of them gets away from Grant?  I don’t know them that well, but Brit’s youngest sister seems rather erratic.”
“I am certain that Blake would not…”
“Go to sleep,” a voice ordered from the next room, “and I don’t want to hear a peep out of you until my alarm sounds.”
All three young men were out for the count within seconds.

Friday, May 18th

Chapter 3

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana

Slowly Brit surfaced from the depths of sleep, enjoying all of the familiar sounds from her childhood.
Sam must have left the window open, she thought drowsily.  The curtains blowing in the breeze, the birds singing in the trees…that rhymes…hmm…it’s nice to be home and hear the soft whispers of people in the house…and the horses neighing…wait…what…?  Horses neighing…?  We live in a neighborhood…horses aren’t allowed…
And just like that, Brit sat straight up in bed wide-awake, totally disoriented, and more than a bit panicked.
“Where am I?” she asked in confusion before exclaiming,  “Oh damn!” as everything that had happened to her in the past forty-eight hours came rushing back.
Predictably, a knock on her door quickly followed.
“Miss Macintosh, are you in distress?”
“I’m…I’m…” she began then had to stop to clear her throat before continuing, “I’m fine, Doc.  Just slept really hard and forgot where I was.”
“That is quite understandable.  When you are ready for breakfast, simply call out and I will have Georgia prepare a tray.”
“Well, that’s not creepy at all,” Brit snorted before realizing what the doctor had said.  “Wait…it’s morning…?  How long did I sleep?” 
“Twelve hours.”
“Wow…I must have been really wiped.”
“Indeed.”
“Is Freddie…?”
“Still unconscious.”
“In that case, I’ll call home first.  Do you think I could get some privacy around here?”
“I shall endeavor not to listen.”
“Gee thanks.  And while you’re endeavoring not to listen, maybe you could not listen to any and all bathroom sounds which may or may not occur in the next fifteen minutes or so.  I’m not feeling so hot and after what my system has been through, I make no guarantees.”
“I shall join Sinclair in the stables.  When you are ready for breakfast call out through your open window.”
Brit giggled at the hastily retreating footsteps in the hallway outside of her door.
After spending only six minutes in the bathroom, Brit eagerly unplugged her phone from the wall and pushed the number two on her speed dial, totally ignoring the number one, desperately trying to avoid thinking about Dee.
It had been especially hard while she was ‘urinating’, which was what Dee always insisted on calling it because she couldn’t stand it when people used the word peeing.  What she wouldn’t give to hear Dee criticizing her choice of words at that very moment.
By the time her father answered, Brit had already allowed her feelings more free reign than usual and was uncontrollably over the top.
“Brit…?”
“Dad…” Brit whispered into the phone, unable to quell the well of emotions from choking her at the welcome sound of his voice.
“Brit,” Trey Macintosh exhaled in relief on the word.  “Are you okay?”
Thankfully, he must have sensed Brit’s inner conflict, and considerately waited until she’d pulled herself together enough to answer him.
“I’m good,” she finally managed, “everything’s fine here.  We’re having a great time.  How are you?  And Mom…?  And the girls…?”
“All of us are doing fine, sweetheart.”
“Good…that’s good…” Brit trailed off.
There was a moment of silence as each struggled to think of how to continue the conversation.  Brit wondered how much she could safely tell him, and Trey had no idea how to broach the subject that was hanging between them.
“Brit…”
“Dad…”
The two began simultaneously.
“Let me go first, Brit,” Trey requested in a gentle voice.  “I know about you and Jay and I’m happy for you.  He’s a great guy.”
“What exactly do you think you know about me and Jay?”
“That you two are…that you’re…well…a couple now.”
“You do?” Brit exclaimed.  “How?”
“Blake called me.”
“Oh my gosh!  You know Blake?”
“I’m not sure how to tell you this, baby girl, but I’ve known Blake longer than I’ve known you.”
“What the hell?”
“I met him for the first time when I was in high school,” Trey admitted.  “He came to Alicia’s wedding.”
“Alicia’s wedding…?” Brit repeated in confusion.  “But how…I mean, why…?  Oh my gosh!  That means…are you saying…Uncle Bruce is a…?”
“Yes he is,” Trey interrupted before Brit could use the word he knew was on the tip of her tongue, “but that’s not something we advertise…especially not over the phone.  Even though Blake has done all he can to make sure we have a secure line, we should still be careful.”
Brit screeched in total disbelief, “Damn it to hell, Dad…how could you keep something like that from me?”
“Or not,” Trey murmured.  “I knew I shouldn’t have let you and Tiff go out for cheerleading.  You two have the worst case of potty mouth…”
“Does that mean Aunt Sheila and Uncle Bob are…” Brit broke in.
“No, it doesn’t and no he isn’t,” Trey interrupted in turn.  “Uncle Bob is totally normal.”
“But they have boys, too…the twins…David and Peter.”
“Just a coincidence, Brit.  Uncle Bob is…well…just plain old Uncle Bob the accountant.”
“What about Mom’s family?  Any weirdness going on with Uncle Gary or Uncle Jimmy or any of their kids?”
“As far as I know, the bloodline is only through my side, not your mom’s,” Trey said, “and only one of my sisters married into the…um…well, you know…the special group.”
“Is that why we don’t see them very often?  It’s been so long that I probably wouldn’t even recognize any of the cousins on Mom’s side if I ran into them on the street.”
“We don’t see your mom’s side of the family much because they’re mostly military and stationed all over the world,” Trey corrected.
“Gramps is retired,” Brit pointed out, “and he and Gram live in Florida.” 
“True, but the Colonel hates me, so…”
“Okay, I’ll give you that, but Aunt Sheila and Uncle Bob live in Oregon…why don’t we see them more often?  It’s because they don’t know either, isn’t it?”
“Aunt Sheila is an RN and works a lot of holidays.”
“And she doesn’t know, does she?” Brit repeated.  “She has no idea that her brother-in-law is…”
“No, she doesn’t.”
“Damned Alpha,” Brit muttered under her breath.
“Brit!”
“I just can’t wrap my head around it, Dad.  You knew…all this time…you knew…?” Brit’s voice was barely a whisper and Trey could hear the tears in her voice even though he knew her well enough to know that she wouldn’t give into them.  “I mean, I understand not telling the rest of the family, I really do, but us…?  Your own daughters…?  Knowing that we might…that there could be…I mean…How could you?”
“I’m sorry, sweetie, but I know you understand why I didn’t tell you.”
“Blake,” Brit practically spat the word, anger temporarily overriding her other emotions.
“I’d think you’d be a bit more understanding after everything you just went through with…”
“You know about all of that, too?” 
“Blake was brutally honest with me…always has been…and I appreciate that.”
“Bully for him.”
“These people aren’t playing, Brit,” Trey said sharply, not even attempting to hide the censure in his voice.  “You of all people should realize just how serious this is.  You could have died, baby girl, we could have lost you.  What were you thinking…?  You and Dee going off on your own like that?”
“I was thinking that Dee wasn’t about to stop and she needed me and that the stinkin’ Al…um…Blake should let me tell her.”
“Blake has good solid reasons for everything that he does and I am behind him one-hundred percent.  He takes his duties seriously and does what he has to do to protect everyone that he’s responsible for…and a lot of those people are people that I happen to love.”
“But not telling us about something this big…that’s just…”
“If I’d known for certain that any of you girls would eventually meet your…er…special loves, I would have explained it all to you a long time ago, but there was every chance that you’d meet and marry a more…er…run-of-the-mill type of guy.  And before you ask, no, I didn’t realize Jay was special when we met him.”
“I guess you couldn’t have told us anyway,” Brit groused.  “I’ve already had a run-in with the consequences of trying to go off the reservation.”
“I’m not subject to him as you now are, Brit,” Trey admitted.  “I found out purely by accident after I saw Bruce…er…do that thing they do…but,” he continued before Brit could interrupt, “I gave Blake my word and I’ve kept it all these years because I agreed with what he was doing.”
“But you told Mom, right?”
“Your mother doesn’t know, either.  Blake and I agreed she would be safer that way…aside from the fact that I was afraid she’d totally…what’s that phrase you teens use…?”
“Freak out…?  Lose it…?”
“Either one of those will work, although, since Jay will be joining the family now, she’ll need to know.”
“We still won’t be able to tell the girls, will we?”
“No, and that’s how it should be.  I don’t want them to feel any pressure one way or the other.  What happens…happens…and I want it to happen naturally.”
“There is nothing natural about this, Dad—especially the pain part—and I would have really appreciated a heads-up.”
“But you lived through the whole…um…process…and you’re happy, aren’t you?  You wouldn’t have Jay any other way, would you?”
Brit sighed heavily, “You and Jay have got to stop doing that.”
“Doing what, sweetheart?”
“You know damn well what I’m talking about.  How the hell am I supposed to stay on the warpath when you both not only take the wind out of my sails, but managed to shoot them full of holes at the same time.”
“It takes practice,” Trey noted in amusement, “but I’m very relieved to see that Jay has mastered that particular skill.  It certainly comes in handy whenever you’re around.”
“Humph…anyway, speaking of being around, I won’t be around there for a while…”
“I understand.”
“Jay said that Blake was going to send somebody to take care of you all, but I’m worried it won’t be enough.”
“Everything is under control here,” he assured her.  “We’ve got it handled.”
“So…are you going to leave me hanging…?”
“Do I have a choice?”
“How long have you known me?  And no muttering ‘too long’ under your breath.”
“Wouldn’t dream of it,” Trey said sighing in resignation.  “Alicia and Bruce are flying in from New York Sunday evening to help me keep an eye on the girls during finals week.”
“They won’t be able to stay long, though, will they?  They’ve never stayed more than a few days at a time because of Uncle Bruce’s job.  He’s like in charge, isn’t he?”
“He’s the managing senior partner, so it’s hard for him to be away from the law firm for long stretches, but he said he could stay a week…until everything is in place.”
“What does that mean…until everything is in place?”
“Blake plans to establish a few of his…er…friends in the area in order to meld into our lives without the girls getting suspicious.”
“Meld how?”
“One of his guys is in the process of buying the house across the street…the one that’s been for sale for a while.”
“You mean Mister I-Know-the-Whole-Neighborhood-Wants-to-See-my-Hairy-Naked-Business-Sunbathing-on-my-Driveway Britches’ house?”
 “Brit…”
“Hey, I calls ‘em as I sees ‘em…and I saw way too much of that dude.” 
“Anyway, the new guy’s name is Rick and he’s working on a master’s at CGU, so he’s already living in the area.”
“If he’s going to school, how will he be much help?”
“He’ll sleep whenever he’s not in class so he can keep an eye on the house at night.”
“But he hasn’t officially got the house yet, has he?
“We’re hoping that he’ll be able to close by the time Bruce and Alicia have to leave.”
“I don’t know much about buying houses, but that sounds fast.”
“It is fast, but he doesn’t need to take out a loan so that cuts down on the time.”
“Okay, so Uncle Bruce will be there at night until after finals and this Rick guy will take over at night after that, but what about during the day?  And you have a couple of days and nights between now and then, don’t you?  I mean, you still have at least a week before finals.”
“Finals start next week,” he corrected, “and we have it covered during the day.  According to Blake, there are quite a few of his young prodigies on campus and one of the teachers in your mom’s English department is a…er…friend of his.”
“Do you know any of them?”
“I know the English teacher, but as far as the others are concerned, I didn’t ask.  Blake said he’d handle it and I trust him.  The less I know, the less danger of exposure for Blake’s clan.”
“What about you?” Brit asked in concern.  “Is somebody going to watch out for you?  I mean, I know you were a Marine and all and can normally take care of yourself, but this situation isn’t normal.  I mean, the guy that tried…uh…well, you know…he was definitely not normal, and…”
“I’m covered, too.”
“Wait…don’t tell me, let me guess…one of your students has hidden talents.”
“Good guess,” Trey conceded.  “Apparently, I have quite a few extra-talented students.”
“Do you know who they are?”
“I know one of them for sure…Blake decided to make him the go-between so he can help me keep tabs on the girls.”
“You’re not going to tell me who it is, are you?”
“Need to know.”
“And at night, until Uncle Bruce can get there…?”
“Blake already has someone on the way.  He should be here by tomorrow evening.  Until then, I’m sure we’ll be fine.  I’ll have my gun handy and just won’t sleep much tonight.”
“You’re so laid back about all of this,” Brit said in amazement.  “How do you do it?  I mean, none of this creeps you out…?  The fact that people you don’t know—good guys as well as bad guys—may be watching your every move and that people we’ve known for years are turning out to be…”
“It is what it is,” Trey broke in.  “It’s not something I allow myself to dwell on.”
“And neither should I…that’s what you’re really saying.”
“The human mind is delicately balanced and can only process so much at one time.  Right now, I believe yours is on overload.”
“You’re such a science geek.”
“Says the math geek,” Trey returned in kind.
“Wow…you got me good…and in such an original manner.  Whatever will I…?”
“And moving on…”
“Okay, moving on,” Brit conceded good naturedly.  “So you have the family covered day and night until the end of school, and the nights after that, but what about the days once the girls start work?  Are their special classmates going to follow them around like puppy dogs all summer?”
“Brit…” her father reproached.
“Oh, hey, I didn’t even mean to be punny that time,” Brit laughed.  “That’s hilarious…puppy dogs…wol…”
“You really have to stop using words like that.”
“Right…sorry…now…where was I?  Oh yeah…what about work?”
“Your cousin Tanner got a job at the Burger Binge for the summer.”
“Tanner…?  Why would he…?  Oh my gosh!  He’s one, too…isn’t he?  Stupid me…of course he is because his dad is…so then that means that Conn and Spence…I mean, they’re all brothers…and I can’t believe I hadn’t thought about that…and…and…I used to beat up on them whenever they acted like idiots—which was pretty much most of the time because, well, they’re guys—and now you tell me they could have killed me with one swipe of their…oh my gosh!  I think my brain really might explode because my whole life as I knew it has now ceased to exist.”
“Glad to see you haven’t turned into a drama queen while you’ve been away,” Trey said drily.
“Hey, I’m still trying to take this all in,” Brit reminded him.  “Just when I think I have a handle on things, something else hits me.  Besides, I’ve only known for days…you’ve had years…decades…to get used to this stuff.”
“You make a valid point and, by the way, thanks for calling me old.”
“Damn right I make a valid point, and you’re welcome, old-timer.  Man, this is really mind-blowing stuff.”
“Give it some time.”
“In other words, it’ll get easier?  That’s such a cliché.”
“Actually, I was saying give it some time and you’ll probably have a total meltdown.”
“You’re a real riot.”
“I can but try.”
“Your usual reply to our sarcasm,” Brit noted.  “You know you’re not as funny as you think you are.”
“Again, I can…”
“…but try,” Brit finished for him.  “Anyway…stealing your phrase from earlier…moving on…you have Tanner taking care of Sam, but what about the other two girls?”
“All three of them will be working at the Burger Binge.”
“No way!  Now I know my former world has ceased to exist, because Tiff would never agree to something like that.”
“Well, I haven’t talked to her yet, but I plan to bribe her…bribe both of them.”
“That must be a helluva bribe that you’ve got in mind.”
“I plan to tell the twins that if they work at the same place as Sam, I’ll let Sam have your mom’s car to drive them there since Mom’s teaching with me this summer.  It will save them a lot of money on bus passes.”
“That’s it…that’s all…?”
“You know how Tiff hates taking the bus,” Trey hedged.
“And…?”
“And…?”
“We both know there’s gotta be more to the story, Dad, so own up.”
“Fine…you win,” he said exhaling heavily.  “I may or may not also offer to pay for Tiff’s cheerleading camp at the end of July as well as foot the bill for any and all rah-rah expenses she will incur both now and in the future until she graduates from high school, and I may or may not offer to pay for Steph to take a college class or two during the same time that Tiff will be gone to camp.”
“You think it’ll be safe for either of them to go off on their own like that?”
“Hopefully, by that point, the…er…situation will be resolved and it will be okay for both girls to take off for the rest of the summer to do their own thing.  If not, we’ll have to do some rearranging.”
“I never realized how devious you are,” Brit said with more than a tinge of admiration.  “And it’s no wonder Mom’s having to teach summer school…you’re going to need the money.  I’m guessing she’s pretty furious with you about that.”
“She doesn’t know about the bribes yet but, you’re right, she isn’t too happy about losing her summer or having to teach high school English instead of junior high Language Arts,” he conceded.  “However, as you can see, I didn’t have much choice.”
“If she doesn’t know about the bribes, how did you convince her to give up her summer?”
“We had to have some work done on her car…I just let her think it cost more than it did.”
“Liar…liar…” Brit chanted.  “She is going to be so ticked when you finally get around to telling her the truth.”
“She’ll be safer on the same campus with me than at home or out running errands, so I can live with that.  Once I explain it all to her, I know she’ll accept the inevitable.  I’m just thankful that Blake had the right connections and managed to open up a teaching spot for her yesterday.”
“Blake did?  And that quickly…?”
“He knows a lot of people.”
“Speaking of old,” Brit muttered, “he’s probably as old as Methus…”
“Brit,” her father warned.
“Why would he get involved with your financial woes, anyway?  I mean, I know the man is bossy and controlling and overbearing and…where was I going with this…?”
“As far as Blake is concerned, the teaching situation isn’t financially motivated…it is purely for the safety of all my girls.  Not only can I keep an eye on your mom, the girls can use her car so they’ll be together and easier to keep track of.”
“When are you going to tell Mom about all of this?”
“When the time is right.”
“Chicken man,” Brit accused.  “You do know you’ll have to tell her before the wedding…right?  Oh, and the girls…when are you planning to tell them about Jay and me?”
“We have time.”
“Not much time,” Brit contradicted.
“What do you mean, not much time?  Have you already set a date?”
“Jay asked me to marry him as soon as he gets back and I said yes.”
“You both have a lot of schooling ahead of you…”
“You’re kidding…right?”
“Brit…”
“We’re already ma…um…well, you know…so I don’t see any reason to wait.  I’m already committed for life, so it’s not like I’m going to change my mind.  If Jay and I can manage it before the fall semester starts, and Dee’s here to be my maid of honor, that’s what we’re going to do.”
Trey’s resigned sigh was his only reply.
“And none of that trying to lay a guilt trip on me, Mister You-Know-Good-And-Well-You-Should-Have-Told-Her-A-Long-Time-Ago Britches, and if I know Mom, she’ll point that out to you in ways you’ll never forget.”
“The apple doesn’t fall far from the tree.”
“True that…and speaking of apples, does your second eldest apple know about all of this Burger Binge togetherness yet?  Because I’m thinking telling that apple her space is about to be invaded by the clone wannabes isn’t going to be any easier than telling Mom about stuff you should have already told her.”
“Beat any dead horses lately?”
“You haven’t told Sam, have you?”
“Not yet.”
“At this moment, I’m very thankful I’m me and not you.”
“Thanks for your support.”
“Sam is going to be so ticked.  Sam and Steph get along pretty well most of the time, but Sam and Tiff…this is me shuddering at the thought of them working together, just in case you can’t tell over the phone.”
“By the time Sam gets back from Freshman Orientation, she’ll be fine.  She’s too easy-going and forgiving to hold a grudge against the girls for long and I think she’ll actually enjoy getting paid for bossing Tiff around.”
“A grudge against the girls…?  I thought this was your idea…well…yours and Blake’s…but since they don’t know him, they can hardly…”
“I plan to let Sam think it was the girls’ idea to work with her.  That will be a condition of the deal with the twins.”
 “Uh huh…just as I said…devious…”
“Desperate times…”
“So when do you plan to drop the bomb on the twins?”
“I’ve barely had time to think, much less drop a bomb that size on them.”
“Excuses, excuses…”
“I plan to talk to Steph about it sometime today and then…”
“I see what’s going on here.”
“What…?” Trey asked innocently.
“You don’t want to have to deal with Tiff, so you’re going to get Steph alone and convince her to be the bad guy.”
“There is no bad guy here.”
“Says the bad guy.”
“In the normal course of events, I wouldn’t worry about what Tiff would say, but this situation is anything but normal, and we both know that Tiff will listen to Steph when she won’t listen to anyone else.” 
“Again, true that…and speaking of not normal…what excuse is Tanner using to explain leaving his beloved Big Apple to spend his last summer before college working at a burger joint in California?  I mean, none of those guys have come with Aunt Alicia and Uncle Bruce to visit us in like five years.”
“It’s only been three, and Tanner’s actually got a valid reason for spending part of the summer around here.”
“I can’t imagine what that would be.”
“He and his cousin Joey, from Bruce’s side of the family…”
“Another one…?”
“Yes, another one…anyway…the story is that they plan to spend some time at the beach learning to surf.”
“Oh, Jay could teach…” Brit began before reality set in and she trailed off dispiritedly.
“He’ll be back before you know it, baby girl,” Trey offered sympathetically, “with Dee and Quort in tow.” 
“So, is this Joey guy the third member of Blake’s strike force?” Brit asked with feigned cheerfulness.
“No, he’s just an added bonus,” Trey told her.  “Both Joey and Tanner were at loose ends and wanted to spend their last summer before college doing something different so once Blake drafted Tanner, Joey volunteered to come with.”
“And they decided to work at the Burger Binge…?  That’s different, all right.”
“Actually, Joey doesn’t have a job yet.  Blake suggested he wait and see if something comes up with the girls that we hadn’t covered.”
“Can he afford to just hang around without a source of income?”
“His dad, Bruce’s brother…I think you met him once…”
“The brain surgeon…?  You’ve got to be kiddin’ me…he’s a…”
“Brit…”
“…and he’s a brain surgeon…?  There must be irony in there somewhere, but my mind is in shreds so I’m just going to let it go.”
“That’s a first.”
“And probably a last, so enjoy it while you can.”
“Anyway, Joey’s dad is going to pay all Joey’s expenses while he’s here helping out.” 
“So if Joey wasn’t in the original plan then who’s the third guy?”
“His name’s Grant and, before you ask, I don’t really know anything about him other than he’s the one I told you would be arriving tomorrow evening to help keep an eye on the girls.”
“Why don’t you know anything about him?”
“Blake didn’t think it was necessary since he won’t actually be meeting any of us.”
“Okay, that’s creepy,” Brit said.  “How’s he going to watch the girls without them knowing?  Is he planning to camp out in the bushes with binoculars like some sort of peeping Tom?  I’m guessing that won’t end well.  I mean, what if he gets arrested or something?”
“Blake said…”
“Or maybe you should just build a big doghouse behind the house and tell everybody you got a dog and that way he can hang out in the backyard and…”
“All I know is that Blake said we’d never know he was there,” Trey interrupted once more.
“Ew…double creepy.  What happens once Uncle Bruce gets there?  Will this Grant dude stay on night duty?”
“He’ll switch to keeping an eye on the girls when they aren’t at school or work, just in case they leave the house.”
“Um…stalker much…?  Triple creepy.  I’ve gotta say, my doghouse idea is looking better and better.  Dogs aren’t nearly as creepy as stalker guys…”
“I’m not getting a doghouse.”
“What if all three of the girls decide to go somewhere different…?  At the same time…?  He’s only one guy…how will he keep track of them?”
“Then the girls will all have to take the bus, and Tanner and Joey will pitch in to help.”
“What about dates?”
“Dates…?  You are, of course, talking about the kind you can eat.”
Brit laughed, “Tiff is the only one likely to go out, although, working at the Burger Binge, I doubt she’ll have the time or energy.  Sounds like you have everything covered.”
“I certainly hope so.”
“Wait a minute…you said that Sam will be going to Berkeley for Freshman Orientation the week after finals, so who will be taking care of her?”
“One of Blake’s guys from Pasadena was already going to be there so he agreed to follow her there next Sunday and keep an eye on her during Orientation.  Plus, he’ll also be a Freshman with her next year, so that’s covered, too…just in case.”
“Let’s hope there’s no need for ‘just in case’.”
“Agreed.”
“Anybody we know?”
“I didn’t ask, but I doubt it.  It’s entirely possible that Sam won’t even meet the boy.  The only reason Blake gave me some of the names was so I would realize that my three lovely daughters weren’t being…as you so indelicately pointed out…stalked by a bunch of creeps.”
“So, do you think any of your lovely young daughters will be in danger of falling for one of their new bodyguards…?  I mean, that would be great because then we’d all know about stuff and be able to talk…”
“Tanner is their cousin…he’s blood related.”
“But his cousin isn’t, and neither is the hunk across the street…so those two are possibilities.”
“You don’t know that the guy across the street will be a…well…what you said…” Trey protested.
“Father dear,” Brit began sweetly, “they’re all hunks…at least all the ones I’ve met so far are. Must be in their…um…special genes or those other kinds of jeans…and this is me laughing at my own wit since you obviously don’t intend to humor me.  So, anyway, they all belong on the cover of hot paranormal romances.  I mean, even the old guy, Dr. Minsk is really…hey!  Wait just a doggone minute!”
“And here it comes,” Trey sighed before adding hopefully, “Why don’t we join together in a moment of silence to truly appreciate those puns of yours?  Genes and jeans…that was a great play on words, but the last one…doggone...that was really quite amusing given your other dog references.”
“How could you?” Brit fumed, totally ignoring her father’s attempt to sidetrack her.  “How could you do that to my best friend?  I mean, people thought she was nuts…and everybody was talking about her behind her back…and even I didn’t believe her…which I’ll never forgive myself for, by the way, thank you very much…because I should have believed her…no matter what…and…and…” Brit broke off gasping for air.
“It’s probably best to take a breath now and again, sweetheart, and while you’re doing that, I’ll try to explain.”
“It was Blake again, wasn’t it?  He got to you and made you feel guilty or some such rot and you caved instead of standing up for my best…”
“He and I discussed it,” Trey broke in, “and, I’ll admit, I had a hard time agreeing to stay quiet, but in the end, I supported his reasoning.”
“What possible reasoning could justify ruining my best friend’s life?”
“By the time we realized that she wasn’t going to drop it, it was too late to do anything about it.”
“What do you mean, too late?”
“Dee was like a bulldog with a bone, and everyone knew it.  If she’d suddenly stopped looking, what do you think would have happened?”
“That’s the lamest excuse I’ve ever…”
“They kidnapped her, Brit,” Trey interrupted.  “As soon as she found something, they were right there…obviously following her every move.  You’re the future math teacher…you do the math.”
Brit was silent for quite a while, and Trey waited, knowing Brit would eventually come around to his point of view.  His eldest was too intelligent and reasonable not to.  He wasn’t disappointed.
“So, back to the topic of hunks…” she began out of the blue.  “I’m thinking it’s a good bet at least one of those hunks will fall madly in love with at least one of my sisters.  Maybe it’ll be Sam.  That would be so….”
“Don’t go getting your hopes up,” Trey interrupted. “The girls aren’t old enough,”
“Tiff and Steph will be eighteen the first week of September and the week after that, Sam turns nineteen so I’d say they’re more than old enough.  It could happen.  Besides, Jay didn’t say anything about an age limit on this thing, so I figured…”
“I say they aren’t old enough,” he said firmly.  “It’s bad enough I’m losing you when you haven’t even finished college yet…I’m not ready to let go of any of the others.”
“You aren’t losing me.”
“It feels like it.  You already…you and Jay already…anyway, you belong to him now and while I’m relieved that he was able to…that he…that you’re okay…at the same time, I’m sad that things will never be the same again…that you aren’t my little girl anymore.”
“I’ll always be your little girl, Daddy,” Brit whispered around the sudden lump in her throat.  “I love you and I promise I’ll always be your little girl.”
“I love you, too, sweetheart, and I do want you to be happy, even if that means there’s a new man in your life now.”
“I am happy—or I will be as soon as Jay makes it back safely with our two besties in tow—and there will always be room in my life for both of you.”
“I’m glad to hear it and as far as your two besties are concerned, I’m sure they’ll be just fine.  Blake doesn’t strike me as the type to settle for anything less….”
“The only good thing about him,” Brit snorted, fully recovered from her uncharacteristic show of emotion at the mention of the hated Alpha.
“Give it some time…I’m sure you’ll find other positive traits.”
“I doubt it…I seriously doubt it…”

Chapter 4

London Luton Airport

As soon as Nick brought the jet to a full stop, Rod had the door open.
“Efficient as ever,” Rod called to the two men already maneuvering the rolling stairs under the opening.
“How ‘bout a raise, Boss?” one of the men yelled back.  “Efficiency should be rewarded.”
“Efficiency is its own reward, Steve,” Rod replied.  “Besides, anybody can move around a set of steps.  Now if I had a steaming cup of java in my hand right now, one of you might just qualify for that raise.”
“I brewed a pot in the hangar,” the other man offered.
“I’ve had your coffee, Tim,” Nick chuckled as he joined Rod at the opening, “and I’ve gotta say, I’d rather drink tar, which was pretty much what it tasted like.”
“Hey,” Tim protested as he climbed the stairs, Steve on his heels, “it’s drinkable…sometimes…Blake!” he exclaimed as he entered the jet.  “Haven’t seen you in a while.”
Maintaining a pleasantly neutral expression, Blake shook hands first with Tim, and then with Steve.
“Good to see you both.”
“So where’s the Doc?  He hasn’t been around lately either.”
“He and his wife attended his daughter’s graduation from Harvard and decided to turn it into an extended stay.”
“Oh, is that so?  Beautiful little Emily all grown up…time sure has a way of getting away from ya.  Alexandre!” Tim yelled then headed towards the back of the jet to shake his hand.  “Great to see ya!  So your sister’s all grown up and graduated, huh?  You must be real proud.”
Before Alexandre could reply, Blake interrupted curtly, “We should see to our transportation and get things unloaded.”
“Oh, yeah, that’s right,” Steve said immediately, “what’re we thinking?  Liam has two vans out there waiting for you.  Ya’ll go ahead.  We got this, right Tim?”
“Yep,” Tim replied.  “Rod said you got something big goin’ on, but he wasn’t sure when you needed the jet so we’ll have it all gassed up and ready for the preflight at the crack of breakfast.”
Tim and Steve chuckled at Tim’s joke as they turned towards the front of the plane.
Nick and Rod, duffle bags in hand, deplaned first and were almost to the bottom of the portable stairs by the time Steve and Tim got settled into the cockpit and out of Jay’s path.
Joining Blake on the landing, he quietly noted, “Night and day between the two crews.  The ones at ISP were Pack members and quietly efficient, but those two Texas transplants…”
“Just as efficient, if not more so,” Blake assured him, “and that would be Oklahoma, not Texas.”
“Obviously not Pack members.”
“Correct.”
“So, what ‘big’ thing do they think we have going on?”
“We are in the import and export business.”
“But they’ll assume we’re drug dealers,” Jay protested.
“Successful ones, by the size of their monthly paychecks.”
“So you’re paying them hush money to…”
“Your future cousins are here,” Blake interrupted, nodding towards the two rather large dark-headed men standing with Liam on the tarmac next to a couple of black paneled vans.
“If you two are done discussing our illegal activities out there, I’d sure appreciate a little help in here,” Mike groused from inside the jet, adding in his own version of a Texas drawl, “This drug paraphernalia ain’t a gonna move itself and I ain’t about to leave it here overnight since those two aren’t Pack and Rod and Nick aren’t staying with the jet this time.”
“Take your personal bags first,” Blake ordered without turning around.  “All nine of us will return to transfer the equipment to the vans.”
“Now you’re talking…my back ain’t a what it used to be…old age, don’t you know.”
“You are not that much older than I am,” Alexandre pointed out, “besides which, ‘ain’t’ and ‘gonna’ are substandard English.”
“So?  You’ve already told me that at least a dozen times, so could you give it a rest already?  Damn, man…I’m just kiddin’ around.  Don’t you ever laugh?”
“I do, actually…when I find something amusing.”
“Oh, I see…you’re hilarious,” Mike retorted before muttering, “wise ass.”

~**~

As Rod and Nick drew closer to the small group, Liam grinned and waved.
“Now this is how it should always be…one big happy family.  It does my heart good to see you laddies all together.”
“Great to see you, Liam,” Rod dropped his bag and embraced the redheaded Irishman.
“Been too long, Rod,” Liam said slapping him heartily on the back before releasing him.
“I agree.”
“Can this be Nick…all grown up while my back was turned?  Shame on you, Rod,” Liam reproached as he grabbed Nick and pulled him into a bear hug, “for not bringing your wee ones up to the ranch more often.”
“Not so wee anymore,” Nick chuckled as Liam released him.
“Business can’t run itself,” Rod shrugged good-naturedly.  “I’ve got my hands full what with having to pay for both boys getting some fancy schmancy master’s degrees they seem to think they need.”
“Only to keep you from running the business into the ground,” Nick grinned.  “You’ve got to stay up with the times, Dad.”
“Says you,” Rod retorted.  “The business is doing just fine, thank you very much.”
“And Jay…” Liam turned as Jay and Blake arrived at the vans, “It’s been a while since you’ve been there, too.”
“Hard to find time with all the studying I have to do.”
“I bet the parents are pleased as punch with your four-point-oh,” Liam said, squeezing the life out of him.  “And I hear congrats are in order.  You made it into Stanford med school…impressive.”
Jay could feel the redness creeping up the back of his neck—embarrassment mixed with a certain amount of pleasure at the praise—as he stepped back.
“Hey…what about us?” Mike asked with a fake pout as he dropped his duffel on the ground.  “What are we?  Chopped liver…?”
“I see you and Alexandre all the time,” Liam said dismissively before grinning widely and moving purposefully towards Mike.  “However, if you really want one of my famous hugs…”
“Hugs…?” Mike repeated incredulously, backing away with his hands in the air.  “More like a boa constrictor’s death wrap.”
“Come to Papa, boyo,” Liam grinned, bearing down on him.
Blake sighed heavily as he turned to introduce the rest of the group.
“Connor…Spencer…meet Jay, Alexandre, Nick, and Rod.”
“We’ve been waiting a long time for this,” the slightly larger of the two giants said chuckling.
“Waiting for what?” Rod asked curiously.
“To meet the only dude on earth with the guts to brave Amazon Brit because we knew no mere mortal would do,” the other brother said holding out his hand to Jay.  “I’m Spencer…but you can call me Spence, Cuz.”
“And I’m Connor…Conn to my friends and family,” the other brother knocked Spencer’s hand away and stuck out his own.  “I’m older, therefore the most important.”
“In your dreams, Bucko,” Spencer scoffed.
“Amazon Brit…?” Jay raised an eyebrow at the two brothers questioningly as he shook first one hand then the other.
“Oh, come on,” Spencer said, “don’t even bother to try and convince us that thought hasn’t crossed your mind…I’m guessing multiple times.”
“Yeah, I mean, that girl is scary,” Connor shuddered.  “Whenever we showed up for a visit and Amazon Brit didn’t like the way we were acting, she let us know about it…even though we were bigger and older than her.”
“And Dad wouldn’t let us defend ourselves because he was afraid she might get hurt…yeah, right.”
“Damn but that girl can throw a punch,” Connor rubbed his jaw reminiscently.
“I’m gonna have to meet this woman,” Mike said in admiration as he rejoined the group with Liam following closely behind.  “Blake sent me off to load my equipment before she got to the ranch and Jay hasn’t told me anything.”
“You haven’t asked.”
“Like we’ve had time what with Blake telling us to shut up every few minutes,” Mike protested before noticing the less than cordial expression on Blake’s face and adding, “Not that I’m complaining or anything.”
“Well, get this…she apparently has sisters…three sisters…and the youngest two are twins,” Nick put in.  “I’ve gotta say, I’m jealous my brother got that job.  I’d have switched with him in a New York minute.”
“It’s not often we know a bunch of girls are from the bloodline before we meet them,” Mike said nodding in agreement.
“Who cares about that?” Nick scoffed.  “If Alexandre’s love-struck expression when he was telling me about her is anything to go by, the Brit girl is smokin’ hot and I’m guessing her sisters probably are, too.”
Jay’s eyes narrowed as he glanced over at Alexandre who just shrugged.
“Well, I for one plan to keep you as far away from those young ladies as possible,” Rod warned his son.
“Why’s that?” Connor asked, eyeing Nick suspiciously.
“He’s a player, that one,” Liam nodded, eyes twinkling.
“You’re one to be talking, you big ole hypocrite,” Nick accused Liam punching him on the arm.  “Where do you think I learned it?”
“In that case, might I recommend that you stay far far away from our cousins,” Connor suggested, “because Spence and I would hate to have to hurt you…and I’m pretty sure Blake would allow us to defend our cousins’ honor.”
“He can have Tiff,” Spencer offered generously.  “I’m not sure how much honor she’s got and I never liked her much anyway.”
“Spence,” Connor rebuked.
“Fine…” Spencer groused.  “I guess you have to stay away from her, too.”
“Now that you have all of that out of your systems,” Blake began pointedly before inclining his head towards the still loaded down jet, “time to get some real work done.”
“And time to rescue Jay’s friends,” Liam added in a more serious tone.  “This is a dangerous situation and we all need to be on our guard.”
“That’s a given,” Rod agreed as he and Liam led the way to the vans.  “The Society has an ‘in’ now that they know about Jay’s mate and, by extension, her whole family, and that threatens the entire Pack.”
“I’m sure Blake has a plan,” Mike offered ingratiatingly from behind them.
“Suck up,” Nick coughed the words into his hand.
“I’m sure somebody does,” Liam grinned as he slid into the driver seat of the closest vehicle, “but I’m not saying who that might be.”

Hotel Ibis

“We’re dropping you off here,” Liam said as he glided to a stop in front of the hotel.
“Not coming in?” Blake raised an eyebrow as he opened his front passenger-side door.
“Alistair has the three of us on assignment.  We have a long trip ahead of us.”
“Oh…?”
“You’ll have to ask him,” Liam grinned.  “He seems to think he’s in charge of what he’s calling The Op, so I’m staying out of it.”
“Wise decision,” Alexandre said from the middle seat.  “Alistair can be quite controlling.”
“Do you know everybody in the Pack?” Jay murmured, more than a bit envious.
Alexandre simply shrugged.
“Get everything out of the van before Liam leaves,” Blake ordered the rest of the gang before slamming the door and turning towards the entrance.
“Hey,” Mike protested as he slid open the side cargo door, “you’re gonna let these guys off the hook like that?  We need help unloading the equipment.”
“That’s what bellboys are for,” Connor shrugged as he joined them, opening the front passenger-side door and climbing in.
“I’m pretty sure this place doesn’t have any of those.”
“Tough luck for you, then.  Here are the keys to the van I was driving,” Connor continued.  “Grab all of your gear out of this one…we have to get going.”
After Jay, Alexandre, and Mike finished piling out of the van, duffle bags in hand, Spencer jumped into the middle seat.
“Have fun unloading,” he laughed as he slid the door shut between them.
“Come on, guys,” Rod called, peeking around from behind the other van.  “The sooner we get started, the sooner we get done.” 

  ~**~

“Good to see you, Alistair.  Come in.”
“And you, Blake” the blonde-haired blue-eyed thirty-something Englishman broke into a welcoming smile, showcasing perfectly straight and incredibly white teeth as the two shook hands.  “I have the latest thermal images,” he continued, pulling some photos from a large envelope and spreading them out on the table.
“How many?”
“Besides the staff—which consists of a housekeeper, a gardener, a butler, and two maids—it looks to be ten guards—five each shift.  Quite excessive for one prisoner, I thought.”
“They are expecting company.”
“So it would seem,” Alistair agreed.  “I smell a trap.  There are guards hidden here…here…here…and here,” he continued pointing out the heat signatures concealed in the bushes, “each covering a corner of the castle with a fifth mounted guard randomly spot-checking the grounds.”
“And what of the owner…?”
“Richard Carrington appears to be closeted in the master suite imbibing as if there will be no tomorrow, which might very well become a reality for him.”
“You can’t tell that from thermal imaging.”
“No,” Alistair grinningly admitted, “I had to make the ultimate sacrifice for that type of information.  Lydia, the downstairs maid, is quite the party girl out of uniform…and I do mean out of uniform.”
“Is the prisoner male or female?”
“Male,” Alistair replied decisively.  “Lydia was quite sure and I have no doubt she knows the difference,” he added with a twinkle in his eye.
“Any idea where they are holding the girl?”
“None.”
“But you’re certain she isn’t in the castle.”
“Unless she is dead…thermal imaging would not pick up her body in that case.”
“Where did you send Liam and the Reinharts?”
“Reconnaissance in Cumbria,” Alistair informed him.  At Blake’s raised eyebrows, he added, “Thermal imaging can only do so much and the property is too heavily treed for a satellite feed to be effective.  Besides which, it will be expected.”
“You just spent the past twenty-four hours there…why would you need to send them in, also?”
“I was in human form.  The Society needs to see wolves.”
“And if they get caught…?”
“They will instinctively keep their distance from the castle guards.  The area is mostly overgrown forest, which will provide plenty of cover for them.”
“Why risk it at all?  If Mike is able to gain access, he said he should be able to hack into the feed and put the cameras on a loop.  No one need know we have arrived.”
“True, and we will want Mike to do so at some point, at least for some of the cameras, but we want the Society to know the wolves have arrived.”
“For what purpose…?”
“If we do not allow wolves to make an appearance before the actually rescue attempt, the guards may become suspicious and not act in the correct manner when the crucial time arrives for them to do so.”
“I don’t understand.”
“And that is the beauty of my plan,” Alistair grinned.  “No one will…until it is too late.”
“What do you have in mind?”
“A foolproof plan that involves misdirection and will not only ensure that no one is injured, but will also guarantee the Pack’s continued anonymity while rescuing the poor unfortunate young man held captive in the bowels of the castle.”
“When?”
“I must have a few days to set things in motion.”
“The clock is ticking.”
“There are other parties involved and coordination is vital.  If I miss anything, the entire plan could go awry.”
“That sounds ominous.  Should I be worried?”
“Most likely,” Alistair chuckled.
“Alistair…” Blake began.
“Trust me, my old friend…all shall be well…now, this is what I need…”

Chapter 5

Glendale, California

“Hey Dad,” Stephanie greeted him as she entered his lab.  “I got your message.  What’s up?”
“Don’t you have class right now?”
“Yep…Mr. Bartholomew’s chemistry class, but I knew it was your off-period so I thought I’d pop in to see what you needed.”
“Are you trying to get me in trouble with the head of my department?”
“I finished his practice quiz and said I needed to talk to you and without a word on his part…voilà…instant bathroom pass,” she giggled holding up the laminated yellow piece of paper.  “What can I say…he likes me.”
“What’s not to like?  You’re related to me, after all.”
“And here I was thinking he liked me for me,” Stephanie pretended to pout.
“I’m sure he does.”
“Patronizing much…?”
“Patronizing…paternal…sounds the same to me.”
“Very funny.  So, what did you want to talk to me about?”
“I have a proposition for you and Tiff.”
“Oh, I’m sorry…I didn’t realize you needed to see both of us.  We can wait until lunch…”
“Actually, I wanted to talk to you alone first.”
“That sounds ominous.”
“I just figured it would be better this way.”
“Now I know something’s wrong.”
“Not wrong, just a bit different from what you and Tiff had planned for the summer.”
“I’m not going to like this, am I?”
“That depends on how badly you want to take some college courses in July.”
“Okay, you have my attention.”
“Good…so, here’s the deal…”

~**~

“No way in hell.”
“Please, Tiff,” Stephanie pleaded.  “We won’t be able to afford everything we want to do otherwise.”
“Miss McPherson already hired me to work at Teen Jeans again.  I am not going to slave away at that greasy burger joint that Brit and Sam seem to have a love affair with no matter how much Dad’s offering.”
“Just let me give you the details before you…”
“Which part of ‘no’ do I need to spell out for you?  And you’re supposed to be the smart twin…”
“Then I guess it’s back to online college courses for me,” Stephanie said as she grabbed her untouched sack lunch and pushed away from the table.  “Thanks for nothing.”
“Hey, wait…what do you mean?  Why don’t you take the deal?”
“Because Dad said it only works if we both agree to it.”
“Why would he do that?  What does he even care where we work?  He didn’t give a damn last summer.”
“He always cares,” Stephanie protested.
“Yeah, in a ‘I’m the father so I must know every detail of your life’ kind of way.  I just don’t see why he’s suddenly decided he wants to control our whole summer.”
“He doesn’t.”
“Yeah, and I’m a straight A student.  Saying something out loud doesn’t make it true.”
“I’m sure Dad has his reasons.”
“Or maybe he’s just likes being an asshole.”
“Tiff!” Stephanie exclaimed in shock.  “You know that’s not true.  Stop talking about him that way!”
“Then you tell me, why else would make me give up a cool job at Teen Jeans to take the worst job on the planet?”
“It’s just an offer…a generous offer…and he didn’t have to make it at all.”
“That’s my point…why would he make it?  He’s never done anything like that before.  Why now?  What’s in it for him?”
“Not everybody has selfish motives.”
“Then what un-selfish motive could he possibly have?”
“I don’t know for sure, but my guess is that it’s either something to do with us all taking Mom’s car and saving the money we usually spend on bus fare, or…”
“We get to take Mom’s car?”
“That’s part of the deal.”
“And who pays for the gas?”
“Dad said he would.”
“Not having to pay for a bus pass would be awesome, but I still don’t see how that affects Dad.”
“As I was saying…it’s either that or it’s a sentimental thing with him.  From the way he was acting and some of the things he said, I’m leaning towards sentimentality.”
“Our dad, the ex-marine…sentimental…?  Are you sure you weren’t talking to his clone experiment gone horribly wrong?”
“I know he doesn’t always show his sentimental side, but you know how much he loves us.  We’re his baby girls and I think it’s tough on him to watch us grow up and move away.  He tried to hide it, but I could tell he took it hard when Brit left for college.”
“And this fast food fiasco will help with all that imaginary sentimentality how exactly…?”
“I think he just wants us to spend some quality time with Sam before she leaves.”
“Why?”
“Maybe it makes him happy to see us all working together and getting along.  It was tough on Sam when Brit left, and now Sam’s leaving, too.  Or maybe he doesn’t want us to have any regrets about not spending enough time together.”
“We have plenty of togetherness.”
“Not really,” Stephanie protested.  “Sam drives us to school every day and that’s about it.”
“Sometimes we ride home with her.”
“Not very often.”
“Still…sounds like enough togetherness to me.”
“Dad promised he’d pay all your cheerleading expenses for the whole year,” Stephanie blurted out in desperation.  “Cheerleading took every bit of your money last year and you still didn’t have enough for everything you needed.”
“Are you hinting that I should pay you back?  Is that what this is really about?”
“You know better than that…I was happy to help.  I’m just saying, I won’t have any to give you this year because I’m still going to try to take an online class or two if I can’t afford anything else.”
“Well that’s just great,” Tiffany muttered.
“I’m sorry, but I have things I want to do, too.”
“He really said he’d pay for all of my cheerleading expenses for the year?”
“Everything that’s required.  Anything extra and you’ll have to cough up the money, but you should have plenty for that with everything we’ll be saving.”
“All I have to do is work at that stupid burger place for a month…?”
“A month, give or take…” Stephanie nodded adding quickly in a low tone, “and tell Sam it was our idea.”
“Twin say what?”
“It’s a condition of the deal,” Stephanie admitted.
“Coward…” Tiffany muttered.
“Dad’s not a coward, he just knows it will play better coming from us…that Sam’s more likely to accept that we want to spend time with her if we tell her that we do.”
“You mean you do.  She’s never going to believe that I want to spend time with her.”
“Either way, she needs to believe it was our idea.”
“Hmm…that’s gonna hurt.”
“But you’ll do it…?”
“Fine…I’ll do it, but you have to be the one to tell Sam.”
“Deal,” Stephanie accepted without hesitation.
“And you have to make sure she knows this was more your idea than mine, and that you convinced me, because in a way, it is your idea.”
“Anything else…?”
“Get the deal with Dad in writing.”
“You don’t trust him?”
“When it comes to money, I don’t trust anybody,” Tiffany said pushing back from the table and standing.  “Oh look, there’s Sam now.  Probably should go ahead and spring it on her in public and while you have an excuse not to hang around if she explodes.”
“An excuse…?”
“You plan to eat your silly little packed lunch with your dorky little loser friend, don’t you?  And while we’re on the subject, could tell him that I’m tired of him ogling me.”
“Tommy isn’t ogling you,” Stephanie protested.
“Whatever,” Tiffany shrugged as she turned towards the vending machines.

~**~

“Aw, c’mon Dad…this is supposed to be my thing,” the tall, slim, athletic-looking blonde complained as she pulled a sandwich out the brown paper sack sitting on the lab table in front of her, “mine and Brit’s.  Just tell them you said no.” 
“Since Brit canceled,” Trey Macintosh reasoned, “somebody has to take her place at the Burger Binge.”
“The manager already found a new girl to replace Brit.  I don’t see why he had to go and hire any more.”
“Actually, Mr. Harvey had to hire quite a few part-time temps to cover for Brit as well as to get him through until you get back from orientation, but what he really needs is reliable full-time summer help.”
“Fine, I can understand that, but there’s a whole city full of people to pick from.  Why does it have to be them?”
“The twins just want to spend some time with you, Sam.  As soon as school’s out, you’ll be leaving for Freshman Orientation and then, just over a month after that, Tiff goes off to Cheerleading camp and Steph starts her summer college courses.  You’ll barely have any time together.”
“We’ve spent seventeen years together,” Samantha pointed out in exasperation.  “It’s not like I never see them.  I mean, I drive them to school every day and sometimes we all ride home together.  Isn’t that enough torture?  And, as if that isn’t enough, we’re always getting comments about how close we are in age.  I’m beyond tired of being called Irish triplets just because you and Mom couldn’t keep your hands off each other when I was a baby.  Not that it’s any better now.”
“Not nice, Sam.”
“They don’t even look like me,” Samantha continued, talking to herself.  “Brit and I are blonde like Mom—Brit’s is a tad longer and darker, but close enough—while the twins have dark hair and eyes.”  
“I have dark hair and eyes,” Trey pointed out before eyeing her still wrapped sandwich.  “Are you going to eat that?  I didn’t pack a lunch and haven’t had time to visit the cafeteria.  I’ll pay you for it.”
“And I have no clue how they turned out so short because you and Mom are both tall,” she continued mechanically unwrapping her sandwich.  “Maybe they’re adopted…that would explain so much…”
“They aren’t adopted,” her father interrupted with exasperation in his voice.
“Yeah, I guess you’re right,” Samantha admitted handing him half of her sandwich.  “They do have Mom’s nose.  Maybe when the egg split, they each only got half of the height.”
“You know that’s not how it works, Sam,” Trey reproached as he bit into his half.
“They definitely got stuck with the short end of the stick.”
“What am I going to do with you?” he asked around the sandwich in his mouth.  “Hmm…peanut butter and jelly…my favorite…thanks.”
“Food is your favorite,” she pointed out before shoving most of her half into her mouth.
“True that…glad to see you taking your time with lunch, sweetheart,” Trey teased as she tipped her water bottle up and drained two-thirds of it, swallowing most of the sandwich with it.
“Eating is a huge waste of time,” she shrugged.  “Best to get it over with fast and be done with it so I can get on to more important things.”
“Those silly people that actually enjoy eating…” Trey grinned and shook his head as he took another bite.
“Anyways, I don’t want to be lumped together with those two all stinkin’ summer.  I’m eighteen…almost nineteen…and I need my space.”
“It will only be the month of June and the first week of July,” Trey pointed out, “and it will go by so fast you’ll wonder where the time went.  What’s for dessert?”
“Right…fast…” she snorted as she pulled an apple out of the bag.  “Want half?”
“I’ll take the chocolate bar you have hidden at the bottom, instead.”
“Can’t have sweets until you eat something healthy.”
“You sound just like your mother.”
“Yep, so half…?”
“Nah, I’m done,” Trey said ripping off a paper towel and wiping his mouth.  “I’ll grab something later if I need to.  How much do I owe you?”
“No money…just tell the twins to go find their own job.”
“You’ll have the rest of the summer to work by yourself, sweetheart, so remember that and try to enjoy the time you’ll have with them.”
“In that case, five dollars.”
“You know you’ve really missed Brit,” Trey reminded her as he pulled out his wallet and fished out a five-dollar-bill.  “Think about how much the twins are going to miss you when you go away in the fall.”
“Steph probably will, but Tiff couldn’t care less,” Samantha said as she took the fiver and stuffed it into the front pocket of her jeans.  “She’s too self-centered to bother.”
“Again…not nice, Sam.”
“You know it’s true, so why deny it?  If you and Mom hadn’t given in to her so much when she was a baby…”
“We treated both of the twins exactly the same,” Trey protested.
“I guess, but Tiff always took advantage of every little thing like it was her due.”
“I realize you and Tiff don’t get along, but don’t penalize Steph for that.  At least spend some time with her.”
“That isn’t going to happen as long as the possessive evil twin is around…and apparently Steph is fine with it because she goes along with whatever Tiff wants.”
“Steph doesn’t do everything her sister wants her to do,” Trey pointed out.  “In fact, she frequently keeps Tiff out of trouble.”
“Fine…she doesn’t go along with Tiff if it’s illegal or immoral,” Samantha rolled her eyes.  “I’ll give her that.”
“I suppose that’s some sort of concession.”
“She rushes to her defense all the time, so that makes her an accessory.”
“Blood is thicker than water…twin blood is simply thicker than most.”
“Well, mine has thinned out to the max as far as Tiff is concerned.  I took this job to get away from them and their copy-catting-everything-I-do ways.”
“You begged Brit to get you a job at the Burger Binge her senior year,” he pointed out.  “And I also seem to recall you shortening your name from Samantha to Sam when you were in junior high to imitate your big sister, so I don’t think you should be throwing stones.”
“I’m not throwing stones because that was totally different…I hate my girly-girly infamous name and, besides, Brit didn’t mind.”
“Samantha’s a great name.”
“Then why don’t we switch and you can see how much you like people asking you to magically twitch your mouth or nose and make something appear or disappear,” she groused.  “Believe me, if I had any magic, I would have made all of them and their stupid jokes disappear a long time ago.”
“Are you sure Brit didn’t mind?” Trey teased.  “You’re a bit snippy.  Maybe Brit went to Berkeley to get away from you?”
“You’re a riot,” Samantha grumbled, “and don’t bother to say you can but try…it’s implied.”
“Almost as good as actually saying it.”
“You know I’m usually pretty easygoing about things, and you also know that’s not why Brit went away to college…she and Dee always planned to go to Berkeley.”
“Supposition,” Trey waved his hand dismissively, “it still doesn’t change the fact that you’re following her there.”
“I got a great basketball scholarship at Berkeley.”
“You got better offers from some other places,” he shrugged, “full scholarship offers from a couple of them, so…”
“Okay fine, I admit Brit being at Berkeley helped me decide to take that one, but it’s not the same.  I like working at the Burger Binge…the twins won’t.  Steph would rather work at the library again and Tiff…” Samantha struggled to keep the disgust out of her voice as she continued, “Tiff loved her job at that clothes place—what was it called…oh yeah, Teens Jeans—last summer.  Neither of them is cut out to work at a fast food joint and they’ll make me look bad because you know the manager is going to think it’s a cute gimmick that we’ll all be working together.  That means I have to train them and you know they’ll try to take advantage…”
“I’m sure Steph won’t,” Trey offered half-heartedly.
“Steph probably won’t,” she conceded, “but you know good and well that Tiff will.  She’s a bum, Dad…you know it, I know it, and unless I cover for her, the manager will soon know it.”
“Then I guess it’s up to you to show the girls that you mean business.  You’re the boss, so do what you’ll be getting paid to do…boss them around.  You’ve certainly had enough practice over the years.”
“You’re hysterically funny.” 
“I can but try.”
“You know that line is never funny.  You really should find the money to buy yourself a new one.”
“I can…”
“…but try,” Samantha finished for him, shaking her head in exasperation.

Chapter 6

“Hey Tommy, don’t forget we’re meeting in Larry’s garage after school to practice.”
“No problem, Randy, I’ll be there.”
“I’m really happy you got the gig, Tommy,” Stephanie said as Randy left the cafeteria and Tommy turned back towards her, “but I’ll miss you this summer.”
“Apparently, you’ll be too busy at the Burger Binge to miss me,” Tommy teased before stuffing a few fries in his mouth.
“Don’t even mention that place to me,” Stephanie groaned as she reached into her brown paper bag and pulled out a sandwich.  “I can’t believe I let Dad talk me into working there.”
“You kinda skipped the part about what happened with the library job.”
“I’m too embarrassed to tell you.”
“Aw…c’mon…you can tell me anything.”
“Fine…I guess you might as well know.”
“Know what?”
“I took a bribe.”
“That doesn’t sound like you.  I thought you loved working at the library.”
“I did, but Dad said he’d pay for a couple of college courses in July if I agreed to work at the Burger Binge until then.”
“Why would he do that?  He was okay with your library job last summer.  Why would he even care where you were working?”
“I don’t know…something about wanting us all to spend some time together since Sam is going off to college next fall.”
“All…?  Will Tiff be working there, too?”
“Hard to believe, I know.”
“Man!  And here I am leaving the day after school’s out.  I can’t believe I’m going to miss the most humiliating experience of her life.”
“Tommy,” Stephanie reproached, “that’s not very nice.”
“What can I say…?” Tommy shrugged.  “I’m a man scorned.” 
“I can’t believe you’re still bitter after all this time.  It’s been almost a year now since your one and only date.”
“I know,” he admitted.  “She just pushes my buttons, I guess.”
“Is that why you haven’t been out much this year?  Because you’re still crushing on her…?”
“I don’t know…maybe…” he snorted in self-disgust before continuing, “and you know what really burns me…?  I don’t even like her…the way she treated me…the way she treats you…the way she treats everybody…but I’m an idiot and can’t seem to forget about her.”
“I’m sorry, Tommy…I truly am.”
“Not half as sorry as I am,” he groaned.  “If I were some kind of dumb jock with muscles for brains like Cliff the tight end, I’d have stood a chance, but lowly musician wannabes don’t even rate a blip on her radar.”
“Hey Steph,” a voice from behind her called.
Swiveling around, Stephanie smiled and waved at the familiar figure making his way towards her, stifling a giggle as every female the blonde-headed six-foot-two hunk passed sighed dreamily after him.
“And speaking of dumb jocks…” Tommy muttered before taking a ferocious bite out of his burger.
“Hey Bobby,” Stephanie greeted the newcomer, ignoring Tommy’s pouting.  “Killer quiz in Calculus today.  How do you think you did?”
“Not as well as I’d like,” he admitted pulling out the chair next to her before turning it around and straddling it.
“By all means, join us,” Tommy mumbled in a less than welcoming fashion.
“Thanks, man,” Bobby said with a grin before turning to Stephanie.  “So, I was wondering if you were busy after school.  I really need to ace the final next week and I was hoping we could study together.”
“It’s Friday,” Tommy pointed out.  “Maybe she’s got a date tonight.”
“Do you have a date tonight, Steph?”
“No, I don’t and that sounds great,” Stephanie said throwing a quick glare at Tommy before turning her attention back to Bobby.  “I didn’t do as well on the last two quizzes as I’d like—math was always Brit’s thing, not mine—so I’m not about to turn down whatever help I can get.”
“Cool, I’ll meet you at the fountain after school and we can figure out the best place to study.”
“I’ll be there.”
“See ya then,” Bobby flashed Stephanie a lopsided grin before standing and pushing the chair back under the table.  “Take care of our girl,” he casually threw at Tommy before strolling towards the exit.
“Our girl…?  Since when did you become Quarterback Bobby’s girl?”
“Anyway, back to what we were talking about…”
“You’re going to pretend to ignore what just happened?”
“I made a study date with a guy I’ve known for years…so what?”
“He’s making a play for you the last week of school, that’s what.  He’s a senior and won’t even be here next year, but that doesn’t seem to faze him.  I mean, who does that?  Nobody, that’s who…unless they’re looking to score before going off to college.”
“He’s not making a play for me,” Stephanie contradicted, “and they’ll be no scoring.  We studied together for the midterm…you know that.”
“Yeah, but in a group…this sounds different.”
“Well, it’s not.  Besides, he’s always had a crush on Sam and I’m just the little sister that he pats on the head and hands a lollipop…figuratively speaking.”
“Could’ve fooled me.”
“So,” Stephanie said with forced cheerfulness, determined to change the subject, “just think, in a week you’ll be on the road doing what you’ve wanted to do for a long time.  You must be excited.”
“I am,” Tommy acknowledged reluctantly allowing her to move the conversation back to safer channels.  “I never actually thought our garage band would go anywhere, but we finally have a chance to do something with it.”
“Even though Human Lies isn’t all that well-known now, it does have a following and opening for them could be the break you’ve been waiting for.”
“Yeah, Human Lies is pretty big on the internet right now, so maybe the shows will be sold out.”
“It’s the chance of a lifetime.”
“I just hope we don’t blow it.”
“And I just hope you don’t forget us little people when you’re rocking it on MTV.”
“Not likely,” he muttered.
“Which part?” Steph teased.
“Both…either…take your pick.”
“Eternal pessimist…”
“Unrealistic optimist…”
“There’s the bell,” Stephanie said standing and picking up her paper bag.  “Walk me to my next class?”
“As always,” Tommy grinned as he scooped his cafeteria tray off the table.  “Gotta keep the vultures from circling my girl…especially the dumb jock vultures.”
“Really touching, Tommy,” Stephanie said with heavy sarcasm in her voice, “comparing me to dead and rotting meat.  My heart’s all a flutter.”
“Hey, I never claimed to be Cyrano.”
“Hmm…” Stephanie pretended to study him as he dumped the trash from his tray into the garbage can, “you certainly don’t have the nose for it.  But no worries…you won’t need any smooth lines once the girls get a load of your talent.  They’ll be swooning at your smile and falling all over you for your autograph.”
“You are so full of it.”
“Mark my words,” she said as she turned towards the cafeteria exit, “you’re going to be a huge hit and girls will be hanging all over you.”
“And none of them will be the right girl,” Tommy muttered as he slid the empty trays into the slot before dejectedly trailing after his friend.

~**~

“Hey Ashley, is that Zeke Hinton over there in the bleachers watching us?”
“You mean Zeke the science geek?  What’s he doing here?”
“Maybe he’s got a crush on one of us.”
“Oh come on, Cecilia, don’t be stupid.  He’s never shown any interest in a cheerleader before…in fact, I’ve never seen him show interest in a girl before.  Have you, Meredith?”
“Nope, I’ve always thought he was gay…most guys that pretty usually are.”
“Oh my gosh, Meredith!  Have you been secretly crushing on a science geek?”
“Ew…” everyone but Meredith and Tiffany chimed in.
“No, Ashley…of course not…I’m just saying…”
“You’re obviously attracted to the guy.”
As usual, Tiffany continued to stretch, enjoying the feel and smell of the freshly cut grass beneath her, while only half-listening to the stupid comments her fellow cheerleaders seemed to thrive on.  It never failed…always the same ole same ole…find somebody to tear apart and as soon as the conversation became boring, locate another target and destroy that one, too.  
Frequently, the target ended up being Tiffany by default because she wouldn’t participate.  It somehow made her feel dirty to sneer at people behind their backs.  If Tiffany had something rotten to say about someone, she’d damn well say it to their face.
At least Meredith’s first in line for the firing squad this time, Tiffany decided in relief.
“No I’m not, and besides, it looks like he’s got his eye on Tamara.”
“Uh uh, he’s looking at Mitzi.”
“Hey, it’s not me he ogling, it’s Tiff…I think he’s watching Tiff.  Don’t you agree, Ashley?”
“Well, her dad is the head of all the science geeks at school, so that makes sense.”
“Speaking of…did you hear about Tiff’s unemployment?”
Great, Tiffany silently groaned.  All roads eventually lead back to me.
“Oh right…Meredith and I heard you won’t be working at Teens Jeans this summer, Tiff.  Apparently, somebody else took your cushy job.”
“Aw…Tamara, that’s too bad.  I guess she just wasn’t good enough to keep it.”
“Or maybe her geeky daddy invented something that he sold for a ton of money so now she’s a lady of leisure.”
“She’s not rich, Ashley, didn’t you hear…?  Tiff’s working at the Burger Binge this summer.”
“No way, Cecilia, You’re kidding me…the Burger Binge.”
“Oh how the mighty have fallen.”
“Are you sure you shouldn’t quite cheerleading…?  I mean, you’ll hardly have the time or energy to keep up with that kind of job.”
“And we have a lot of practicing to do to get in sync if we’re going to do well at cheerleading camp.”
“I’m sure the alternate, what was her name…?”
“Phyllis…”
“Oh right, Phyllis…I’m sure she would take your place if you can’t…”
On the ground, legs out in a V in front of her, Tiffany kept quiet, ignoring all of the catty comments swirling around her.  She desperately wished she’d turned down her dad’s proposition and taken the same job she’d had the summer before, but he’d made the offer sound so inviting that her greed had surfaced and before she knew what had happened, she’d agreed to work at that stupid greasy burger joint.
It was hard enough to hold her own against all her rich cheerleading ‘buddies’ without adding a demeaning job into the mix.  Tiffany loved cheerleading—the gymnastics, the dances, the stunts, the cute little outfits—but she hated most…okay all…of the girls in her squad.
Not for the first time, she wondered how Brit had done it.  Not only had she been popular, but she’d been so well-liked that she’d been elected captain her junior and senior years by her fellow cheerleaders.
Tiffany knew very few people as outspoken as her oldest sister, but nobody seemed to dislike her…not even the snobby rich girls.  Somehow, Brit had always been able to turn nasty conversations into something entirely different…and none of the other girls in her squad seemed to mind.
Although, at first, once she’d been chosen for the Freshman cheerleading squad, Tiffany had tried to copy Brit’s success, she always seemed to come across sounding like a bitch trying to boss everybody around.  After a year of that, she’d finally decided that was all she could ever hope to be and had embraced it.  
The other girls had hated her ever since and some of them had even tried to block her from making next year’s squad by circulating vicious rumors about her dealing drugs.  Thankfully, the cheerleading sponsors hadn’t believed a word of it and as there had been no proof, the whole thing had been dropped.
However, by stupidly agreeing to the Burger Binge job, Tiffany had put her squad position in jeopardy again.
The hyenas are circling and ready to attack, she decided as she moved into a hurdler stretch.  I can’t show any signs of weakness.

~**~

“Sam, hang on a sec.”
“Oh hey, Roger,” Samantha greeted him as soon as he drew level with her.  “What’s up?”
“Nothing much,” Roger shrugged.  “I just wondered if you had any after school plans.”
“You’re asking a girl if she has any plans for Friday night on Friday afternoon…?  Really…?”
“I know you too well to think you’ve got a date.”
“Wow…what a way to woo a woman.”
“Hey, cool alliteration.”
“Thanks,” Samantha grinned.  “I heard that on a TV show the other day and just been dying for a chance to use it.”
“So, are you busy?”
“Don’t you have a date?”
“Nah, the only girl I want to date keeps turning me down.”
“And she’s still turning you down.”
“What makes you think I’m talking about you?”
“What makes you think that I thought that you were talking about me?”
“You said you were still turning me down.”
“Actually, I was speaking in third person—I said she’s still turning you down—so she could be anybody of the female persuasion.  How is it you know alliteration, but can’t keep your pronouns straight?”
“Okay fine,” he grinned, “you got me.  But seriously, I wasn’t asking you out this time…I swear.  I just don’t have anything to do tonight and thought maybe instead of being bored out of my skull we might play a little one on one.”
“You’re talking basketball, right?” Samantha asked raising an eyebrow.
“Contrary to public opinion, I’m not a total idiot,” Roger chuckled.  “I know when to quit, so yeah, basketball.”
“Okay, then, you’re on.”
“Cool!”
“You know I’m going to whip your butt, wimp.”
“In your dreams, hot lips.”
“You’re not in my dreams, sweet cheeks.”
“Ow!” Roger exclaimed.  “You really know how to hurt a man.”
“A man…?  Right…” Samantha once more raised an eyebrow.  “Oh, and, fair warning, I haven’t even started to hurt you yet.”
“How do you know I was talking about me?  I just said a man, which could mean anyone of the male persuasion.”
“Copycat,” Samantha accused.  “I’m winning the verbal fencing and I’m going to win on the court, too, so you might as well concede right now.”
“You do realize that I’m a guy…right…?  And I started on the guys’ varsity basketball team for three years.”
“You do realize that I’m a girl…right…?  And I started on the girls’ varsity basketball team for three years.”
“Then it’s the battle of the sexes,” Roger said waggling his eyebrows wickedly.
“With no sex involved,” Samantha reminded him.
“Damn girl, you’re no fun.”
“Flattery will get you nowhere,” she threw over her shoulder as she headed toward the school’s outdoor court.
“So I’ve noticed,” he murmured as he trailed along behind her.

~**~

After the second text came in, Zeke pulled up his contact list and made a call.
“Hello.”
“We’ve got the girls covered for the evening, sir.”
“Thanks, Zeke, I owe you one.”
“You owe me more than one, Mr. Macintosh.”
“That bad, huh?”
“According to the rah-rah girls, I’m Zeke the Geek and you’re the revered head of our Science Geekdom.”
“Ouch!”
“I’m glad to see you’re feeling my pain.”
“Sorry you drew the short end of the stick, but you’re tough, I’m sure you’ll power through it.”
“Humph…”
“How did you end up with the cheerleaders, anyway?”
“Having never met any of your daughters, I had no reason to spend time with them.  Watching the cheerleaders seemed like something that any red-blooded American male would do, so we figured I wouldn’t look out of place.”
“I’m guessing from your tone that you figured incorrectly…?”
“Honestly, I had no idea the varsity cheerleaders even knew who I was, much less anything about me.  I don’t do sports or attend parties…heck, I go out of my way to keep a low profile.  How do they know my name, much less that I’m a science geek?”
“According to my eldest, all of Blake’s followers are…er…hunks—I can’t believe I just said that word out loud—so, anyway, from that I believe we must deduce that you’re one, too.  Add that to what I’ve managed to glean over two decades of having only daughters and the bottom line is that girls notice these things.”
“Well, then, that’s just odd.”
“What’s odd?”
“The other two that I drafted to help with your daughters have apparently both tried to date…Samantha, I believe is her name…?”
“Sam…?” Trey repeated in alarm.  “They’re interested in Sam…?”
“Yes, but the odd thing is she apparently has no interest in them, other than as friends.  So if what you’re saying is true, your daughter is not like most other girls.”
“That’s Sam, alright.  She’s got a good head on her shoulders and other things on her mind, thank goodness.”
“You don’t want your daughter to find…um…you know…”
“I don’t mind that happening, when the time is right, but my girls are too young.”
“There isn’t an age limit…”
“So I’ve heard,” Trey interrupted.  “If both of the boys are covering Sam, then who has Steph?”
“Actually, one of the two has a class with Stephanie and they studied together in a group for the midterm, so it seemed only natural that he ask her to study with him for finals.”
“You’ve done well, Zeke the Geek, but after getting to know you over the last three years, I expected nothing less.”
“Thanks, Oh Revered Head of our Science Geekdom.”
“And I deserved that.”
“Yes…yes you did.  However, I do feel badly that I’m not there to watch over you and your wife this evening.”
“Don’t worry, the missus and I have been invited to play bridge with Mr. Barnes and his better half, so we’ll head over to their house right after we finish up for the day.”
“Would that be the Mr. Barnes that teaches with Mrs. Macintosh at the junior high?”
“One and the same.”
“Then I can see that you are both well and truly covered.”
“We are.”
“Also, I just wanted you to know that if we need any extra hands on deck, we all have dads that can pitch in and help.  Blake didn’t want to use them unless we had to since you’ve never met any of them because he didn’t want it to look suspicious, but they’re standing by just in case.”
“Be sure and thank them for me.”
“Will do,” Zeke replied.  “Well, it looks like practice is just about over.  Should I ask your daughter if I can walk her home or do I just follow at a distance?”
“Hmm…unrequited crush or stalker…?” Trey teased.  “Let me think…”
“I’ll take stalker.”
“I thought you probably would.”
“Wish me luck.”
“Just hang in there.  I’m sure everything will turn out fine.”
“So you think this cheerleader thing will get better?”
“Actually, I’m sure it’ll get worse, but your backup should be arriving sometime tonight and then you’ll be off the hook…at least in the evenings.”
“I thought teachers were supposed to be encouraging and supportive.”
“Sure we are…whenever we’re not being pessimistic and depressive.”
Hanging up, Zeke stood and slung his backpack over his shoulder before muttering, “I wish you were joking.”

Saturday, May 19th

Chapter 7

London Luton Airport

“Blake, when you talk to Jeanluc, could you ask him to have Dawn call Sunnie to reassure her that Nick is fine?” Rod asked.  “She’s able to tell that I am, but…”
“No problem.”
“None of your group is allowed the use of their cells?” Alistair asked.
“Not at this time.”
“Better you than me,” Alistair shuddered.  “I have always found a mother’s concern to be quite…daunting.”
“Is that your way of saying that Mom will be crawling up Blake’s ass if he doesn’t…?”
“Nick,” Rod warned.
“Okay, that didn’t come out exactly the way I meant it,” Nick grinned, “but you gotta admit, it was funny as hell.”
“I doubt that hell is funny.”
“Damn, Blake,” Nick groaned, “why you gotta be so literal all the time?”
“Shouldn’t you be in the cockpit with the headphones on…?”
“Yessir!” Nick snapped to attention and produced a salute.  “Right away, Sir!”
“I’ll make sure the smart ass keeps his headphones on so you and Alistair can have some privacy,” Rod assured Blake before following Nick into the cockpit.  “I’ll wear mine, too.  Noise cancelling headsets are the greatest invention since sliced bread…at least for those of us with extra-sensitive ears.  Even though they don’t cancel out all sounds for us, at least they mute them.”
“Thanks, Rod.”
“Hey, there is such a thing as too much information and whenever Alistair is around, that’s a given, and I don’t need Nick to get any more ideas than he already has.  Let me know if you need me.  Otherwise, I’ll see you both after we touch down in Carlisle.”
“I must admit, I had my doubts about Rod as a Beta when you first chose him, but he has done a bang up job,” Alistair said as Rod settled the headset over his ears.  “And he is more discreet than I expected.”
“You still doubt my Alpha powers after all of these years?” Blake asked in amusement.
“My brothers and I knew you during your teenage acne stage,” Alistair pointed out, “therefore, it is difficult for me to think of you as anything other than Jeremiah’s little tag-a-long adopted brother.”
“That is a valid description.” 
“I have to say, knowing Jeremiah as I did, I was surprised that he let you follow him around everywhere he went.”
“At first, it was because his parents forced his hand, but after a time, we became good friends.”
“Well, they could hardly allow the little orphaned Alpha to run about unsupervised.  You were a rather angry youth and the trouble you could have caused…”
“Jay is very like his father,” Blake noted, changing the subject.
No one except Jeremiah and, of course, Jeanluc had ever learned the truth about Blake’s early childhood and true to his word, Jeremiah never told anyone.  Even though Alistair had probed for years, Blake preferred to keep that part of his past private.
“Have you asked Jay about becoming a Beta?” Alistair asked, obliging Blake by allowing the topic change.
“He said he would talk it over with his mate and get back to me.”
“The boy is just like his father.  Never made a snap judgment in his life.”
“Except the one that got him killed.”
“Except that one,” Alistair agreed adding, “although, through no fault of his own.  Are you going to allow Jay to call his mate?  He seems particularly restless and that could lead to trouble.”
“No, I can’t risk the possibility that he might accidentally tell her something she shouldn’t know.  His mate tends to speak before her brain kicks into gear.”
“I thought your Alpha power would take care of that.”
“It has it’s limitations with the anchors.  I have little doubt she could find a way around my gag orders.”
“She and Jay sound like complete opposites.”
“In many ways they are, but they have an incredibly strong bond and compliment each other.”
“Stronger than most?”
“I would say so.”
“Stronger than Jeanluc and his mate?”
“At least as strong.”
“That is amazing.  Jeanluc and his wife have the closest bond I have ever witnessed other than an Alpha mating bond, which of course is the most powerful.  He claims that the two of them can actually communicate when he’s in wolf form…something I have only ever seen in Alpha mates.  Do you truly think Jay and his mate might be able to top that?”
“It is possible.  Jeremiah and his mate possessed a connection so strong that the two of them could sometimes glimpse what the other was thinking or experiencing.  Perhaps it is an inherited trait.”
“Is that why you had to help Jeremiah’s mate find her human?  Most survive without that type of assistance, but she could not.”
“Maggie later told me she felt everything that happened to Jeremiah when he died and the experience drove her to the brink of madness.  Every time she slept, she dreamt about it as if it were happening to both of them over and over again.  If we had not been able to find her human, she would have spent the rest of her life sedated into total unconsciousness and even that might not have helped.”
“I can do without that sort of thing,” Alistair shivered.  “I enjoy being single.”
“You and Liam…” Blake shook his head.  “Quite the example the two of you set for the younger members of the Pack.”
“Nobody looks to Betas as an example,” Alistair pointed out.  “That is the Alpha’s job, so put your money where your mouth is and find your mate already.”
“Find my mate,” Blake repeated hollowly.  “You and Liam are two broken records.”
“Speaking of Liam, he checked in with me right before we left the hotel.”
“Has he learned anything of use?”
“Nothing new…just validated what we already knew or suspected,” Alistair said as he pulled out some papers.  “I also have a new set of thermal images, which confirm the number of heat signatures has remained constant.”
“Good…let’s go over the plan one more time.”

Hotel Ibis

“Looks like we have everything loaded, Mike.”
“How did the three of us get stuck lugging all of that equipment around?”
“Because we’re the only ones left,” Jay reminded him.  “It shouldn’t take Alexandre long to double check the rooms, so decide now whether you want to take shotgun or ride in the back.”
“I’ll ride in the back.”
“But you hate that.”
“Not this time.”
“Your choice.”
“Five hours,” Mike groused.  “Five stinkin’ hours listening to that Bossy Brit crowing over the fact that he has an international license and I don’t.  I’m hoping if I sit in the back and keep my headphones on I won’t be able to hear him.”
“Do you think you could find some other term to use instead of Brit?  I prefer not to think about Alexandre every time I hear that word.”
“Oh, right, that’s your mate’s name…sorry about that.”
“Apology accepted.”
“But seriously…I don’t even want to think about how stuck on himself Alexandre will be the whole way to Carlisle.”
“I doubt it will be a problem,” Jay shrugged.  “I don’t think he’s like that.”
“Why are you Team Alexandre all of the sudden?”
“I’m not, but he’s okay.”
“Excuse me…?  Is this the same Jay that almost took Alexandre’s head off for kissing his mate’s hand?”
“How did you…?”
“I have my ways.”
“Oh right…I forgot,” Jay grimaced, “your ‘ways’ consist of eavesdropping on conversations that aren’t any of your business.”
“Hey, that’s not fair,” Mike objected.  “You used to do the same thing.”
“When we were ten.”
“I get it…you’re all grown up now that you have a mate.”
“I didn’t say…”
“For your information, I’m all grown up now, too.”
“I’m sure you are.”
“Patronizer…”
“Eavesdropper…and I don’t even think that’s a word.”
“It is now.”
“You can’t just go around making up your own words.  Nobody will understand what you’re saying.”
“As Alexandre likes to point out in his snooty British accent, ‘Usage determines substandard English’.”
“Substandard…?  Seriously, Mike…you’re not helping yourself.”
“So I’m substandard…I’m American…we embrace our substandardness.”
“I’m American and again, I’m fairly certain that’s not a word.”
“You know, I was really looking forward to having you come with us because I thought you’d take my side against that…that…”
“Bossy Englishman…?”
“What a lousy nickname.”
“Not like Team Mike and Team Alexandre…those are brilliant monikers.”
“That’s just great…go ahead and make fun.  So I don’t have a fancy shmancy doctor dad or nurse mom like he does, or a big businessman stepfather like you do, but I’m not a soccer ball that the two of you can kick around any time that you want a little exercise.”
“Mike…”
“I’m smart and I’m funny, no matter what the hell the two of you say, and I’m damn sure not worthless.”
“I never said…”
“So go ahead and buddy up…you two well-adjusted non-orphans…and yeah, that’s probably not a word either, but I don’t care.  I’m fine the way I am so you can just go…just go…I can’t think of what to say right now, but if I could, it’d be epic.”
As Jay watched Mike storm off towards the van, he heard Alexandre join him.
“I had no idea he felt inferior simply because his parents were killed when he was young,” Alexandre offered in an undertone.
“Neither did I,” Jay sighed shaking his head.
“I suppose we have our work cut out for us if we are going to make up for our insensitivity.”
“Our insensitivity…?”
“Well, you did give every appearance of joining Team Alexandre.”
“Great…now I have two eavesdroppers to deal with,” Jay muttered as he, too, headed towards the van.  “This just keeps getting better and better…”

Glendale, California

“Sorry to infringe on any Saturday plans you might have made before all of this came up, Zeke.”
“Most of my Saturdays are taken up with experiments in the basement, so it’s not like I had to cancel an important appointment.”
“Anything I’d be interested in?”
“A few of my ideas might have merit.  When I get something solid, I’d appreciate the chance to show it to you.”
“I’ll look forward to it.  Are the girls covered for today?”
“Samantha will be participating in a basketball game with other senior players, and Stephanie is joining a study group.  Both will be picked up and dropped off thus remaining thoroughly protected for the day.”
“How could one of your...friends…possibly blend in with a group of girl basketball players?”
“It is a co-ed game.”
“One of your friends is on the boys’ basketball team…?  With their physical advantage, that doesn’t seem very sportsmanlike.”
“Just because we have superior strength and speed and endurance and…okay, I see how you would come to that conclusion.”
“Blake allows this?”
“Blake controls this,” Zeke corrected.  “He wants us to be able to participate in whatever interests us so he makes sure we can.”
“How?”
“Without going into too much detail over the phone, let me just say that Blake is quite commanding when the situation demands it.”
“I see.”
“Also, just because we are above average in a few areas, don’t assume we excel in everything.  I am actually quite the klutz on the basketball court.  My form leaves a lot to be desired and I seem to trip over the midcourt line rather frequently while attempting to dribble a ball.”
“The midcourt line is just paint,” Trey pointed out.
“Exactly.”
“So, what you’re saying is, talent is talent and Blake’s commanding presence evens the playing field for everyone.”
“You’ve got it.”
“Sorry for that bit of birdwalking…my mind tends to wander lately.”
“I’ve heard that happens with age.”
“A little respect for the revered head of the Science Geekdom if you please.”
“Did I happen to mention that wisdom also frequently accompanies old age…?”
“Old age…?  Digging in a bit deeper, are we…?”
“So, we have all but your youngest covered,” Zeke said prudently returning to the original discussion, “and since she caught on that I am stalking her, I am no longer in charge of her weekend protection.”
“What makes you think she made you?”
“I heard her tell her boyfriend last night.  Apparently, he is prepared to see that I suffer in innumerable ways for daring to gaze upon his girlfriend with lustful eyes.”
“Tiff has a boyfriend?” Trey asked in surprise.
“As far as I can tell, yes, and did I happen to mention the torture part?  I am fairly certain that I did.  Not that you care about my well-being.”
“Very amusing.  He’s not one of yours?”
“No.”
“Then I would be more worried about the boy’s continued good health if he were to attempt any type of retribution.  Speaking of which, does this boy have a name?”
“Cliff Peterson?  Do you know him?”
“Cliff the tight end on the football team…Cliff…?  She’s gone out with him a few times, but I had no idea that it was serious.”
“It appeared serious from the way they were…” Zeke began then broke off abruptly.
“The way they were…what?”
“Anyway, it’s a good thing that Grant, the guy you told me about, is taking care of her the next two days.  We were able to talk last night after your daughter arrived home and he said he would handle things through the weekend.  Now all I have to do is keep an eye on her during finals.”
“Zeke…”
“It’s not part of my job description to spy on people.”
“Point taken,” Trey conceded heavily, “I suppose if I want to know, I’ll just ask her.”
“Do you want to know?” Zeke couldn’t stop himself from asking.
“Come to think of it…no, I don’t believe I do.”

Sunday, May 20th

Chapter 8

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana

“Any change in the young Mr. Carrington’s condition?”
“None,” Dawn said as she placed her book on the table next to her chair and rose to greet her husband.  “How is Brit today?”
“Restless,” he replied as he kissed her cheek.
“I’m not surprised given all she’s been through…so what exactly has you so concerned?”
“I can never hide anything from you.”
“What can I say…?  We have a strong connection.”
“Yes, we do and you have managed to pinpoint my unease over Miss Macintosh’s state of mind.”
“You believe she is having problems dealing with the fact that she is experiencing Jay’s emotions?”
“I do.”
“From what you’ve told me of other mated Pack members, that is a common occurrence.”
“True, we all sense a bit of our mate’s emotions and must learn to adapt, but I fear that Miss Macintosh’s sensitivity to Jay is much more finely tuned than most.”
“More like our connection?”
“It is possible.  Jay’s parents had a stronger bond than most as did his grandparents.  From my research, I believe it may well be an inherited trait.”
“Did your parents have something similar?”
“I do not believe so…but ours was a unique situation, so I am doubtful that heredity played a part in the profundity of our union.”
“Do you think Jay and Brit can actually talk to each other?”
“Not yet, and therein lie the difficulties.”
“Plural…?”
“I fear so.”
“I understand one of the potential problems—the fact that the depth of her empathy for Jay’s emotions without understanding where those emotions are coming from could cause her quite a bit of distress and result in some poor choices that could lead her into danger—but what other difficulty do you foresee?”
“My greatest fear is that the two of them might actually begin to communicate.”
“Ah…and if they do, Brit will know everything Jay knows and with her family hanging in the balance she might well be placed in an horrible position.”
“There is that, but with Miss Macintosh under my protection as well as Blake’s standing Alpha command, I am not quite as worried about that occurrence as the possibility that Jay might become distracted at the wrong moment.  I advised Blake against allowing Jay to accompany him, that he was too emotionally invested in the outcome, but neither of us could foresee this added complication.”
“That could very well end in disaster,” Dawn nodded.  “Have you talked to Blake about it?”
“Not yet, but if the situation is as I suspect, Blake will have already realized it.”
“Do you think that’s the real reason he won’t let them talk on the phone?  Because the two of them might figure it out before Blake is ready for that to happen?”
“Highly likely…communication between mates is one thing he cannot control and I am certain he has thoroughly explored the ramifications of that possible eventuality.”
“When do you expect his next call?  We haven’t heard from him since yesterday.”
“What with the traveling and the time difference, I would expect…” Minsk broke off as his phone rang.
“Alpha timing,” Dawn smiled and returned to her seat as her husband answered his cell.
“Has the young man awakened?” Blake asked without preamble.
“No, the medication has relieved much of the pressure and he seems to be resting easier, but has yet to regain consciousness.”
“Do you anticipate brain damage?”
“That is within the realm of possibility.  If he does not regain consciousness soon, I shall be forced to contemplate more drastic measures.”
“Regardless, we must move forward here without his aid as certain things have already been set in motion.”
“Pity,” Minsk murmured.  “He is certain to have knowledge of which we are unaware.”
“According to one of the maids, Carrington is withholding sustenance from the boy.  If that is the case, to wait much longer could be a death sentence.”
“If I remember correctly, Jay’s friend is not slender and should have at least some reserves to call upon in order to survive.”
“How long before his situation becomes…untenable…?”
“Depending on his fluid intake, he could last another two weeks without food.”
“The maid has confirmed that he is being held in the dungeon with an IV in order to keep him sedated.”
“So he is receiving fluids.”
“A measured quantity with the drugs, but again, according to the maid, it is not a continuous drip so I am doubtful that it could be considered a significant amount.  If, as I suspect, this is a worst case scenario and his fluid intake is practically non-existent, how long…?”
“You should commence the rescue immediately.”
“Text me if there is any change in the young man’s condition.”
“Of course.”
“I have two other requests.”
“Miss Macintosh…?”
“You will have noticed the abnormally strong connection for such a new pairing.”
“I have.”
“She must be kept occupied Monday afternoon your time.  I recommend beginning around one and continuing until I contact you.”
“Done…and the other thing?”
“Have your wife call her sister and reassure her that her youngest twin is alive and well.”
“Should I make arrangements for her to join us here at the ranch?”
“If you can convince her, that would be optimum.”
“Ah…and therein lies the rub.”
“As you are so fond of saying…indeed.”
“I do not…” he began, but Blake had already disconnected the call.
“What’s the plan?” Dawn asked.
“First, call Sunnie and let her know Nick is fine.”
“I can do that.”
“And if you can convince her to leave Washington and join us here…”
“You know that isn’t happening.  My sister will stay and ‘man the fort’ until her family is home with her again…especially now that Emily has decided to spend the summer there with her.”
“As you say…”
“And the rescue…?”
“Shall commence sometime tomorrow afternoon our time…which translates into late evening there.”
“What did he say about Brit?”
“I fear I shall be spending an extremely protracted afternoon with the inimitable Miss Macintosh.”
“How in the world will you keep her distracted for that long?”
“Actually, I believe I may have just the thing.”

Glendale, California

“Where are you headed so early on a Sunday, Sam?”
“To finish the pickup game from yesterday.”
“Is someone picking you up?”
“Very punny, Dad.  Roger volunteered to swing by again.”
“Roger Minton, the varsity player that was your one and only date last year?”
“Yep.”
“I didn’t know you were still seeing him.”
“I’m not.  You know good and well that I only go on one token date a year and it’s just to keep the wolves at bay.”
Trey barely refrained from choking on his own saliva at the accurate metaphor.
“Are you okay, Dad?” Samantha asked in concern vigorously patting him on the back.  “I know the Heimlich maneuver.”
“I’m fine,” he managed to get out as he held up a hand to stop the pounding.  “So you’re not…”
“We’re not dating.”
“Does he know that?”
“Oh he knows alright.  I made it clear when he…” she broke off at the sound of a horn.  “That must be him…gotta go!”
“Where will you be?” Trey called after her, but she was already out the front door.
Moving to the living room window, Trey watched as Samantha waved Roger back into the car and slid into the passenger side seat all on her own.
“Nothing there,” he noted in relief.
“Where’s Sam off to?” Stephanie asked from behind him as she hit the bottom of the stairs.
“Pickup game…where are you going?”
“More calculus,” she sighed.  “I hate calculus, but Bobby came up with this great idea to get some ‘A plus’ students in the class to volunteer to help the rest of us understand it a little better and it’s really working.  Last semester we were the blind leading the blind, just muddling through on our own, but this time is different.  It’s more like a tutoring session.”
“Do I know this Bobby person?”
“If you don’t, you’re the only one on campus,” Stephanie giggled.  “It’s Bobby Smith, the quarterback.”
“You’re dating Quarterback Bobby?”
“Oh, so you have heard of him…and no, we’re not dating…we’re studying.”
“Is he the one that picked you up yesterday?”
“Yes, and he’s picking me up today, too, but we aren’t dating.  He’s still crushing on Sam.”
“Wasn’t he the token sophomore date?”
“Yep, the one and only.”
“That was a long time ago.  How can you tell he’s still crushing on her?”
“Because he’s always casually bringing her up in conversation and asking questions about how she’s doing and what’s going on with her.”
“That’s not good,” Trey muttered.
“Don’t worry,” Stephanie teased, “Sam’s not interested in anybody right now unless his name is Spalding.”
“Who’s Spalding…?” Trey asked in alarm.
“Duh…the basketball she keeps in her room.”
“Very funny, Steph.”
“I can but try.”
“Hey, that’s my line.”
“You snooze you lose,” she laughed.  “And there’s my ride.”
“Wait…do you know where Tiff is?”
“She left early this morning for cheerleading practice.”
“Any idea where?”
“Nope...gotta go!”
“Where will you…?” Trey began, but Stephanie was already out the front door.
Once more, as if propelled by some unseen force, Trey moved to the front window.  He watched as Quarterback Bobby got out and opened the car door for Stephanie, making some comment which prompted laughter, before shutting her into his car and walking around to the driver’s side…whistling.
“What I wouldn’t give for wolf hearing right about now,” he murmured, not quite sure that Bobby hadn’t switched his crush from one daughter to another.
“Trey,” Cynthia called from the bedroom, “your cell is ringing.  I think it’s your sister.  Do you want me to get it for you?”
“Sure,” Trey said, sighing as he watched the couple drive off, “I’ll be right there.”
“We are really looking forward to your visit,” Cynthia was saying as Trey entered the room.  “Are you sure you want to take a cab?  We don’t mind picking you up from the airport…well, okay then, we’ll see you when you get here…be safe…bye.”
“What did Alicia have to say?”
“She and Bruce will be here for supper.”
“Guess that means we won’t be eating alone after all.”
“Alone…?  Where are the girls?”
“I have no idea.”

~**~

“It’s so good to see you both,” Cynthia said as she stepped back to allow her two visitors into the house.
“My favorite sister-in-law,” Alicia said hugging her.
“Your only sister-in-law.”
“That doesn’t mean you aren’t her favorite,” Bruce pointed out hugging Cynthia in turn.
“I can’t believe you’re staying a whole week.”
“Trying to get rid of us already?” Bruce teased.
“Get rid of you…?” Cynthia asked in feigned shock.  “I’m planning a kidnapping.”
“I’m afraid his partners would come looking for him,” Alicia said, “and believe me, you don’t want a bunch of lawyers on your case.”
“Attorneys,” Bruce corrected smiling, “but very nice pun, just the same.”
“I thought so,” Alicia grinned back at him.
“A week it is,” Cynthia agreed.  “Are you sure those attorneys can spare you that long?  I don’t need legal trouble.”
“Since I haven’t taken off more than a couple days at a time in years,” Bruce said,  “I was long overdue, and they all know it.  Besides, I threatened them and as I’m bigger than they are…”
“It’s been more like decades since you’ve had this much time off,” Alicia contradicted.  “We’re thrilled to be able to stay for Sam’s graduation, Cynthia.”
“Speaking of which, Samantha offered her room to…”
“We are not taking Sam’s room,” Alicia interrupted.  “The gameroom is fine…as always.”
“But…”
“I wouldn’t feel at home anywhere else,” Bruce assured her.
“Even though you always take the mattress out of the hide-a-bed couch and put it on the floor…?”
“It’s good for the back.”
“If you say so.”
“So…where is that brother of mine?” Alicia wanted to know.
“He’s out back getting the grill ready to go.”
“Steak!” Bruce exclaimed.  “I knew he was my favorite brother-in-law.”
“He’s your only brother-in-law,” Cynthia once more felt compelled to point out.
“What about my sister’s husband, Bob?” Alicia asked.
“Technically, Bob is your brother-in-law…I’m not sure he counts as Bruce’s,” Cynthia pointed out, “so I still contend that Trey is his only legal brother-in-law.”
“Either way, Trey is still my favorite,” Bruce winked at the women before heading towards the stairs, suitcases in hand.  “Now if Bob invited me over for steaks, I might reconsider.”
“You’re terrible,” Alicia accused.
“I plead the fifth,” Bruce chuckled.  “I’m going to dump these in the gameroom and go watch the man create his masterpieces.”
“Doesn’t take much to impress you,” Cynthia called after him.
“Not when it involves food, it doesn’t,” Bruce threw over his shoulder as he took the stairs two at a time.
“Well, unlike Bruce, I can actually be helpful,” Alicia laughed as she rolled up her sleeves.  “Where’s my favorite apron…the one that Brit made me when she was little?”
“You and your fancy silk dresses,” Cynthia sighed as she led the way to the kitchen.  “Let’s try not to ruin this one.”
“It’s what Bruce likes to see me in when we’re out…I’m sure you do the same for Trey.”
“True, but thankfully, my Marine likes tight blue jeans, which wash out easily.”
“Well, I’ve had this particular dress for almost ten years,” Alicia said as she reached into the pantry and lifted the bright pink and yellow apron off the wall-hook, “so I’ve figured out how to remove most any stain.”
“Or you could use it as an excuse for a shopping trip.”
“I heard that,” Bruce said as he passed through the kitchen on his way to the backyard.
“You were meant to,” Cynthia assured him.
“Don’t you two dare ruin my favorite dress,” Bruce warned as he pushed open the screen door.
“It’s not your color,” Cynthia teased.  “I’m thinking you’re more of the navy blue type.”
“For your information, it’s exactly my color,” he contradicted.  “My favorite color on my beautiful wife.”
“Sounds like he really likes teal,” Cynthia laughed as he shut the door behind him.  “I’m guessing your closet is full of that color.”
“No, just this one.  Needless to say, I end up wearing it a lot.”
“Why just the one?” Cynthia asked.  “That man would buy you the moon if you asked and I’m pretty sure he could afford it.  You could have a dozen teal outfits if you wanted.”
“I know I could,” Alicia whispered, “but for that I would need him to go with me.”
“Why?”
“I’m not good with colors.”
“Are you color blind?  That’s usually a male thing, isn’t it?”
“I see colors just fine, I just don’t see colors.  I’m not making any sense, am I?”
“I think I get it.  You aren’t good at distinguishing between similar colors.”
“That’s it exactly!  I thought I picked out something this color once,” Alicia waved her hand over her dress, “but apparently it was turquoise, and I could tell Bruce didn’t like it.”
“Well, if he’s anything like your brother, good luck getting him into a clothes store.  Trey would rather hike ten miles in a thunderstorm on a muddy hillside with a full pack.”
“Well, honestly, I don’t know how Bruce feels about clothes shopping.  He always has his suits tailored for him, so he never does that kind of thing.”
“Why don’t you do the same?”
“I hate spending that much on dresses just to go out occasionally…especially when I don’t work and bring in any money.”
“Don’t even get me started on that topic,” Cynthia warned.  “You work harder than…”
“Regardless,” Alicia broke in, “my parents raised me to be thrifty…”
“Just like Trey…”
“Exactly, so I prefer to buy off the rack, but…”
“So, in all your years of marriage, you’ve never asked Bruce to shop with you?  And why are we whispering?  The men are outside and can’t hear us.”
“You’d be surprised,” Alicia murmured, “and no, I haven’t ever asked him.  Last year when we were here and I accidentally spilled raspberry balsamic vinaigrette on my lavender silk dress, I couldn’t get the stain out so I mentioned it to Bruce and he said it was no great loss because he didn’t care much for the color.  He told me to go out and buy whatever I needed and I tried to replace it with a color that he would approve of, but I couldn’t decide on anything so I ended up coming home empty-handed.  Needless to say, I wear this dress a lot.”
“Why don’t you just ask him and see if he’d go?”
“I hate taking up Bruce’s valuable time that way.”
“I’d go with you if I had any time this week,” Cynthia said chewing on her bottom lip, “but I just don’t see how I can swing it.”
“It’s fine, Cynthia.  I’ll be fine.  I don’t really need anything.”
“Does Bruce know how lucky he is to have you?”
“I’m the lucky one to have him,” Alicia said in her normal voice.  “Now, what needs doing?”

~**~

“Are you eavesdropping on our wives?” Trey asked as Bruce finally joined him at the grill, obviously preoccupied.
“Sorry…it’s good to see you,” Bruce grinned as he reached out to shake Trey’s grill-gloved hand.
“Ditto here…so what’s going on with our better halves?”
“No matter how long I’m married to your sister, she never ceases to surprise me.”
“Now that I understand,” Trey nodded.  “I feel the same way about Cynthia.  Care to share with the class, or is it something I can never un-hear?  And remember, she is my sister so that doesn’t give you much lee-way.”
“I always thought Alicia just liked wearing the same dress all the time.”
“Doesn’t she?” Trey asked in surprise.  “Even when we were growing up, she mainly stuck to a couple of outfits.”
“Apparently, shopping for herself stresses her out.”
“Why?”
“She doesn’t think she’s any good at picking out what looks nice on her because she has trouble differentiating colors.”
“Huh…I never knew that.”
“You and me both.”
“So why don’t you go with her?  Even if it turns out you’re a lousy shopper, at least you know what you like.  That’s got to count for something.”
“She never asks me to go, so I thought she preferred to shop alone.”
“Ah…”
“What?”
“My sister is the type that doesn’t like to bother anybody.”
“That’s what she was telling Cynthia just now.”
“You’ve been married to the woman how long and didn’t know this about her?”
“I knew she didn’t like to bother other people, but I had no idea that she felt that way about a little thing like asking me to go clothes shopping with her.  I’m her husband for crying out loud.  She should know she can ask me anything.”
“Bruce Reinhart!  You’ve just figured your wife out,” Trey said holding the grilling tongs as a microphone, “What’re you gonna to do now?”
Shoving the tongs in front of Bruce’s face, Trey waited expectantly.
“Smart ass,” Bruce accused in a mild tone.  “I’m rethinking the whole favorite brother-in-law thing.  No wonder your children turned out like they did.”
“Hey, I am feeding you steak.”
“Hmm…and you do grill up a mean T-bone.  Okay, you can still be my favorite, but you better be fixing me more than one.”
“As my girls would say…well, duh…”
“And speaking of your girls…how does their week look?”
“Right, we better talk about it before the women join us.”
“You still haven’t told Cynthia?”
“I will soon.”
“You know, Amazon Brit got her Amazonian abilities honestly, and it’s a given that Cynthia is not going to be pleased with you.”
“So I’ve been told.”
“Brit giving you a hard time for not telling her mom?”
“Another given.”
“Just make sure we’re gone before you start World War three, will you?”
“Actually, some back up would be appreciated, just in case she doesn’t believe me.”
“Now that’s more than my life is worth,” Bruce said shaking his head.  “I caught hell from Blake for accidentally letting you see me when you were a teenager.  I’m not going there again…especially on purpose.”
“You’re no help.”
“As you so aptly put it earlier…well duh…”
“Copy cat.”

~**~

“So, what’s the plan for the week?” Alicia asked as soon as Cynthia and Trey disappeared into the house to bring out the side dishes.
“We’ll keep an eye on the girls as soon as they get home in the evening and if I hear one of them going out, I’ll let Grant know.”
“Grant…?”
“Haven’t met him, but he’s hanging around within earshot whenever the girls are home.”
“Why hasn’t Trey told Cynthia about…you know…?  I hinted while we were in the kitchen, but I swear she’s still clueless.  Did he mention anything about that to you?”
“Sometimes spouses keep secrets from each other,” Bruce said turning towards her and holding her eyes.
“Uh oh, we’re not talking about my brother now, are we?”
“Nope.”
“You heard?”
“I heard.”
“I’m sorry I never told you, it’s just that I hate to bother you with something so trivial.”
“Everything about you is important to me and from now on, we have a standing date to go clothes shopping once a month…more often if you’d like.  We have a couple of decades of clothes buying to make up for.”
“Once a month is about all I can handle,” Alicia said shuddering.
“You really hate clothes shopping that much?”
“Well, I won’t hate it nearly as much if you’re with me, but yes, I totally despise clothes shopping.”
“Do you hate wearing dresses?  Because I can’t stand the thought of forcing you to do something that bothers you to that extent just because I like it.”
“Oh no!  I love dressing up for you,” Alicia hastened to assure him, “it’s just picking out what to wear that I can’t do.”
“So that’s why you wear this so often,” Bruce gently fingered the sweetheart neckline of her dress, “because you know how much I like it on you?”
“Yes,” she whispered.
“Oh my love,” Bruce said shaking his head in confusion.  “How could I not know…?  How did I not sense…?  You’re so confident about everything that I never even suspected…”
“You’ve always liked my confidence and I didn’t want to disappoint you.”
“But I also like you knowing you can depend on me…that I’m there for you whenever you need me…”
“You are always there when I need you.”
“Is there anything else I’ve been clueless about all these years?”
“Nope, that pretty well covers it.”
“I want you to promise me that if you ever need me for anything, even if it’s as small as changing a light bulb, you will tell me so I can help you.”
“I can change a light bulb, honeybunch.”
“It’s not about the silly lightbulb, my sweet Alicia…it’s the principal of the thing.  Now, about that other comment…the one about not making money…I’m sorry I haven’t made it clear to you how important you are to me…to all of us.  Everything you do for us, your family, is worth more than I’ll make in a lifetime of working and we’d all be lost without you there to keep us straight.”
“Bruce…”
“Everything you and I have, everything we’ve worked for, is ours…not mine…not yours…ours…and without you there to share it with me, it would all be pure rubbish.  I might have earned the money to buy the house, but what I bought was just a house…you made it into a home.”
“I didn’t mean to upset you,” Alicia said, tears filling her eyes.
“Upset me?  Never,” Bruce smiled as he pulled her into his arms.  “I’m upset at myself for being oblivious to my mate’s needs.  Truthfully, I’m thankful that you’ve given me an opportunity to learn something about you that I didn’t realize so I can prove to you all over again how much you mean to me.  I never want you to think I take you for granted and sometimes I get so caught up in everyday living that I forget to show you that you’re my whole world.”
“You’re my whole world, too,” Alicia said reaching up to meet her husband’s lips with her own.
“Maybe we should give them our bedroom,” Trey said over his shoulder to Cynthia as they approached the picnic table.  “Looks like they need a room or a cold shower.”
“Definitely a room,” Cynthia noted in amusement.  “I don’t think a cold shower will make a dent in that.”
“No wonder their children are smart alecks,” Alicia murmured against Bruce’s lips.
“That’s what I said.”

Monday, May 21st

Chapter 9

Glendale, California

“Where’s Cynthia?” Alicia asked, turning from the stove with a spatula in her hand.  “I have breakfast ready.”
“Still in the shower,” Trey said licking his lips at the plateful of blueberry pancakes his sister set in front of him.  “Have you seen the girls this morning?”
“Already eaten and back upstairs brushing their teeth,” Bruce offered from behind his newspaper.  “Huge fight over first bathroom rights, but I think Tiff won.”
“She usually does,” Trey sighed as he poured syrup over his stack.  “Probably just as well.  I’m afraid Sam would go off and leave the other two if she ever got the bathroom first.”
“Is it safe for them to drive to school in Cynthia’s car by themselves?” Alicia asked worriedly.
“Grant is on it,” Bruce reassured her as he set the paper on the table and picked up his cup of coffee.  “He’s also going to take charge of Tiff every day as she’s the most unpredictable.”
“You told him about her?”
“He told me.”
“How would he…?”
“Tiff alert…heading downstairs into the living room,” Bruce paused, listening, “and now out in the garage.”
“Why do the girls leave so early?”
“Habit…Sam and Tiff both had workouts before school most days, so Steph would spend the time reading or studying in the library.”
“What do they do now?”
“I don’t ask,” Trey shrugged as he concentrated on whittling down his stack of pancakes.
“Here comes Steph and Sam,” Bruce continued in his quiet and matter-of-fact way.  “They shared the bathroom.”
“We’re leaving,” Samantha called from the living room.
“See you all tonight,” Stephanie added.
“Be careful,” Trey called.
After a few seconds, Bruce picked up his commentary.
“Now in the garage…Tiff complaining about how long she’s been waiting for them…Sam complaining about how long she took in the bathroom…Steph playing the peacemaker…all very normal…now the garage door is going up…car starting…backing out…door coming down…and we’re clear.”
“A security system and all for free.  I’m liking it.”
“Might want to remember that at bedtime,” Bruce suggested as he emptied his cup and set it back on the table before once more picking up the newspaper.
“Bruce!” Alicia exclaimed, swatting his head with her dishtowel.  
“It’s okay, Alicia,” Trey chuckled.  “We were grading papers…that’s all.  I know better.”
“Too bad Cynthia doesn’t,” Alicia muttered turning her attention back to the stove.
“Cynthia doesn’t what?” Cynthia asked as she entered the kitchen.
“Security system shorted out?” Trey asked in an undertone, which Bruce conveniently ignored.
Trey knew they were both unhappy that he hadn’t told Cynthia what was going on and weren’t going to help him keep her in the dark.  Although he knew he should tell her and freely admitted to himself that he was stalling, he couldn’t figure out how to start that conversation.  He hadn’t been joking when he’d suggested Cynthia might not believe him.  It was more than a possibility.
“Cynthia doesn’t eat breakfast,” Alicia supplied.  “Unless you’ve changed…?  I still have a couple of pancakes left.”
“Just coffee for me,” Cynthia said.  “My stomach never wakes up this early.  Are you about ready to go, Trey?  I totally forgot I have morning duty this week.”
“I’m done,” Trey answered wiping his mouth before setting the napkin by his plate.  “Just need to brush my teeth and I’m good to go.  Thanks for breakfast, Alicia.”
“Don’t worry about cleaning up,” Cynthia called as she headed to the garage to pull out the car.  “I’ll do it when I get home.”
“Tell her, Trey,” Alicia called after him, “and as soon as possible.”
 
~**~

Once Trey dropped Cynthia off in front of the junior high, he pulled into a parking spot and got out his phone.
“Hi Zeke.  How’s it going?”
“Not bad, Mr. Macintosh.  How are things this morning?”
“Everything appears to be fine.”
“Good deal.  What’s the plan for finals week?”
“My sister and her husband made it in yesterday evening as planned, so we have the nights covered for this week.”
“Great.”
“According to Sam, her group is supposed to get together to play basketball most evenings, and since I won’t let her have a car after school just in case our visitors need it, she’s allowing Roger to drive her.”
“Figured out who it was, did you?”
“It wasn’t too difficult.”
“Guess you know about the other one, too?”
“Quarterback Bobby…?”
“You don’t sound too pleased.”
“As long as he isn’t getting any ideas about my seventeen-year-old daughter, I’m just dandy.”
“Since the calculus exam is today, he won’t have any excuse to see her again, so we’ll have to come up with something else.”
“Left to her own devices, Steph is usually a homebody, so we might not have to worry about her in the evenings.  I think she’ll probably hang around here and study for her other exams in between visiting with her aunt and uncle until after graduation.  Their flight departs early Saturday morning.”
“That leaves your youngest daughter.”
“Great news for you on that front.”
“I like great news.”
“Your time as Tiff’s stalker is done.  She’s the most unpredictable, so my brother-in-law said that Grant has her from the time she leaves the house until she’s in for the night.”
“That is great news.”
“You sound extremely relieved,” Trey chuckled.  “Were the cheerleaders getting you down?  I thought their job was to put pep into people.”
“I never realized what a cruel sense of humor you have.”
“Sorry, Zeke, just couldn’t resist.”
“In spite of your failed attempt at wittiness, I’ll still be around to help keep an eye on all of the girls at school until finals are over.”
“I’ll do my best to curb my amusement,” Trey promised.  “Seriously, though, I appreciate all you’ve done and believe me when I tell you, I don’t take it lightly.”
“I know, sir…and that was my wicked sense of humor playing on your guilt for teasing me.”
“I must say, we are certainly more alike than I ever realized.”
“And if you breath a word of that to any one else, they’ll never find your body.  After all, I still have to go to school here and you are the head of a Science Geekdom.  I have my reputation to protect.”
“You do realize that I was a Marine, well-trained to take care of myself?”
“You do realize that with my special situation, that is rather irrelevant…?”
“Secret, it is, then,” Trey acknowledged cheerfully before disconnecting the call and heading to the high school. 

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana

“How are we feeling today, Miss Macintosh?”
“Well, I don’t know about you, but the ‘I’ part of ‘we’ is feeling so-so and do you think ‘we’ could cut the ‘Miss’ business, Doc.  My name is Brit.”
“Perhaps,” Minsk conceded.  “Yesterday you mentioned feeling a bit closed in…”
“Closed in…?  Try going nuts…stir crazy…about ready for the looney bin…pick your poison.  I need to get out of this house.”
“Where would you like to go?”
“I don’t care, just getting out for a run would be enough.  I…I…I feel like I’m about to explode with the tension of everything…Dee and Quort kidnapped, my family in danger, not hearing from Jay, Freddie still unconscious…it’s like I can’t breathe or something…I don’t know how to explain it.  What I do know is that I need to get out of here before…before…I don’t have a clue what might happen, but I can guarantee it won’t be pretty.”
“Do you ride?”
“Ride…?  Ride what?”
“Have you ever ridden a horse?”
“Uh…no…can’t say that I have.”
“Then you are in for quite an experience.  I shall have Sinclair saddle one suitable for beginners.”
“But I…”
“Distraction is the key,” Minsk announced in a firm voice.  “I shall return in fifteen minutes.  Do not keep the horse waiting.”
For a whole minute, Brit stood there staring forlornly at the door before stating dolefully, “I just wanted to run.”

~**~

“Back straight, Miss Macintosh,” Dr. Minsk admonished.  “Eyes forward, chin up, heels down.”
“That’s too much for me to remember all at once,” Brit complained.  “And could you please tell the horse to be still while I’m trying to figure out what to do?”
“That is your job as her rider.”
“Don’t you have a special animal language or something that you can use?  She obviously doesn’t understand anything I’m trying to get her to do.”
“Once you develop the correct posture, the animal will understand you much better.”
“Humans don’t understand me,” Brit muttered, “so I don’t know how a horse is supposed to.”
“The animal must recognize you as master.”
“Well, I’m pretty sure we both know better than that.”
“I know no such thing.”
“Wasn’t talking about you.”
“Relax…the horse can sense your tension.”
“How am I supposed to keep my back straight and…and…do all of those other things you said and relax at the same time?”
“You must feel your way with the horse and find your balance,” he said, ignoring her question.  “If you lean too far backwards, the horse may assume you wish to slow your progress.  If you…”
“Can we quit calling the horse, ‘the horse’?” Brit interrupted.  “Surely she has a name.”
“Your mount’s name is Sandy.”
“But she’s black,” Brit pointed out.  “Why would you name a black horse Sandy?”
“I did not name her, but apparently, Sandy has quite the sense of humor and finds it amusing to kick dirt at anyone silly enough to walk behind her.”
“I don’t get it.”
“Since it would not have been appropriate to name her Dirty, Georgia decided on Sandy, assuming that Sandy would react in the same manner on a beach.”
“Oh,” Brit laughed.  “I get it.  Glad to know that Sandy and Georgia both have a sense of humor.”
“And now that you are in a more relaxed state, you are sitting the horse properly.”
“Cool!  This actually feels great.”
“Excellent…now, on to the next stage of instruction.”

Cumbria, UK

While Mike sat in the back of the black paneled van outside the castle gates intent on his laptop, almost a mile away Jay stood with Blake and Alistair just east of Carrington’s castle in one of the camera blind spots, shirtless and shoeless in preparation to transform as soon as Mike gave the all clear.
“Alistair, how close is MI5?” Blake asked.
Sliding a pair of headphones on, Alistair listened intently for a few seconds before answering.
“Twenty minutes out.”
“You’re MI5?” Jay asked in surprise.
“MI6, actually,” Alistair corrected, “but, like your CIA, we are only officially authorized to operate outside our own borders, so I called in a favor.”
“How much longer, Mike?” Blake asked through his earpiece.
“One more minute…” Mike replied absently, keys clicking in the background.  “I’m in…now I just have to do a little of this…a little of that…looking good…a bit more and…wait for it…there…the crucial cameras are on a loop…cue the first round of beasts.” 
“Rod…?” Blake asked.
“Copy that,” Rod’s answer came through the men’s ear-buds loud and clear.  “We’re a go, guys.  Take the earbuds out and remember…no man or beast left behind.”
Jay heard no more from Rod, but mere seconds later, three wolves appeared at the edge of the woods near the rear of the castle sniffing the air.  Taking in their wolf appearance for the first time, Jay decided that the grey one must be Rod—his rich grey color in the process of lightening with age—which, as wolf colorings tended to run in families, would indicate that the darker grey one had to be Nick.
And that would leave Alexandre as the white wolf, Jay thought in amusement.  Mike’s probably pretty worked up about that, too, since he’s always moaning about his ordinary brown and tan coloring.
Refocusing his attention on the trio, Jay watched as the wolves crept forward, drawing closer and closer to the castle.  For five long agonizing minutes, nothing happened, and Jay was just beginning to think that the guards were either asleep or gone when suddenly a couple of shots rang out, filling the air and echoing around the castle.
“Damn,” Alistair whistled.  “That is some serious fire power.”
“Sounds like an AK47,” Blake frowned in concentration.
“And an SKS,” Alistair noted.  “No doubt the castle houses even more weaponry inside…perhaps even a bomb or two.  I am ecstatic, as that is how I lured MI5 here.  One can never be too careful these days, what with terrorists under every bed.”
“I believe you have the wrong era,” Blake suggested.
“Not to mention the wrong group of bad guys,” Jay added.
“A mere bagatelle,” Alistair waved airily.  “It is actually more fitting than a Red under every bed.  That was paranoia pure and simple.  This is reality.”
“At least red and bed rhymed,” Mike chimed in through the earpieces as two of the guards materialized from the foliage surrounding the castle.
Stopping just short of the line of trees that heralded the beginning of the forested area buffering the structure from the rest of the world, the men fired off another round.
“I heard a yelp,” Jay said frowning in concern.  “Was someone hit?”
“No,” Blake replied with certainty, “I would have felt it.  I believe that was simply Nick ad-libbing.”
“Why?”
“To ensure the guards will follow them into the forest.”
“Nothing like a wounded animal to bring out the hunter within,” Alistair grinned in agreement.
“Looks like it worked,” Jay commented as the two men slipped into the woods after the wolves.  “They took the bait.”
“Liam…?”
“We’re ready, boyo,” the lilting voice acknowledged through the earpiece.
“You’re a go.”
“What about the roamer?” Liam asked.
“My guess…?  He’s taken up position at the rear of the castle while the other two give chase.  You and the Reinharts draw out the two in front.  I will deal with the roamer.”
“You heard the man, laddies,” Liam said, “earbuds in the bag and as Rod told his crew…no man or beast left behind.”
Three wolves immediately appeared at the edge of the forest towards the front of the castle.  The gunfire was almost instantaneous, the guards obviously on high alert after the ruckus towards the rear.
With a howl, the huge russet-colored wolf led two slightly smaller black and brown wolves back into the forest as once more two guards gave chase.
“And here comes the roamer,” Jay noted.  
 “By now, the day shift will have awakened.  Approach the rear of the castle cautiously,” Blake ordered as he unzipped his pants.  “You will likely have two, perhaps three guards to deal with.  Lure them away from the castle as quickly as you can.  I shall take the front and whatever guards I find there.” 
“Will do,” Alistair said cheerfully, stepping out of his jeans.  “Ready, Jay…?”
“Let’s do this,” Jay said with fierce determination as he slid his own jeans off and tucked them into the duffle bag at the men’s feet.
After checking his radio one last time, Alistair stuffed his radio and the attached headphones into the bag.
“Ten minutes out,” he informed Blake.
“We are going off-Comm, Mike,” Blake informed him.  “Once MI5 arrives, lock up the van and head for the rendezvous point to await our arrival.”
“You got it, boss,”
As soon as the earpieces joined their jeans in the duffle, Blake turned to his two companions and said, “Take care of each other and do not wait for me…no matter what happens.”
Alistair grinned and saluted, “You got it, boss.”
The air filled with the painful sound of bones breaking as all three men began the agonizing transformation.

~**~

Surreptitiously removing the phone from his shirt pocket, Minsk waited until the girl’s back was to him before stealing a quick glance at his recent text.
MA NC
Breathing a quiet sigh of relief, Minsk replaced the phone in his pocket and halted his student as she drew level with him.
“Enough for today,” he announced.
“But I was just getting the hang of it,” Brit protested.  “I thought I would at least be trotting before we quit today.”
“Do not worry, we will resume our riding lessons tomorrow.”
“Really?  You don’t mind?”
“Not at all.  I rather enjoyed myself today.  I seldom have time for such pleasures.”
“Teaching me how to ride is a pleasure?”
“Getting to know you better is the pleasure.”
“Huh…go figure.”
“Indeed.”
“You like that word, don’t you?  Cuz you sure use it an awful lot.”
“Indeed.”

~**~

“Did it work?” Dawn asked glancing up from her book as her husband entered the room to check on their patient.  “Were you able to distract her from thinking too much about her mate while they were attempting the rescue?”
“Indeed it did and indeed I was,” Minsk chuckled.
“What’s so funny?”
“Apparently, I use the word ‘indeed’ much too often.”
“Well, I could have told you that.  You and Alexandre…” Dawn shook her head.  “It’s the default word you both use whenever you aren’t sure what else to say.”
“Or perhaps we use it simply because it sounds ‘cool’,” he offered with a twinkle in his eyes.
“Did Brit enjoy her lesson?”
“The inimitable Miss Macintosh has met her match in that intelligent little mare and is most determined to master the art of riding.”
“Should I assume, since you called a halt to the session, that you’ve heard from Blake?”
“Mission accomplished with no casualties.”
“That’s a relief.  I worry when Alexandre is involved in anything potentially dangerous.”
“Perhaps you should call Sunnie and let her know that Nick is safe.”
“I will do that straight away,” Dawn said as she pulled out her cell phone.  “I certainly hope that Jay will be more relaxed now, which will translate into a much happier Brit.”
“As do I…for all of our sakes.  That young lady is a handful under the best of circumstances.  I shudder to think what would happen if the situation turned ugly.”
“Let’s hope that doesn’t happen.”
“Indeed.

Tuesday, May 22nd

Chapter 10

Cumbria, UK

“Are you here to pick up the live one or the dead one?”
“Dead one…?” Nick repeated through the earpiece.  “Ask him what dead one.”
“What dead one…?” Alexandre duly repeated.
“Lord Carrington.”
“Lord Carrington is dead?”
“Blew his own brains out.  Guess the shame of his terrorist ties getting out was too much for him.  Or maybe it was the thought of prison.”
“In any case, we are here for the live one.”
“This way,” one of the MI5 agents directed Mike and Alexandre towards a set of stairs leading down.  “The victim is unconscious and in a bad way.”
Rolling the gurney to the stairs, it dawned on Mike what was about to happen.
“What…?” Mike asked in a passable English accent.  “No lift…?”
“It’s a dungeon…what did you expect,” Nick asked through his earpiece.
“Is there a problem?” the agent asked.
“You bet your arse there’s a problem,” Mike grumbled.  “Down is easy…up is hard.”
“What…?”
“There is no problem,” Alexandre contradicted.  “Show us to the victim and we will do the rest.”
“Follow me,” the agent replied and headed down the stairs.
Alexandre and Mike popped the wheels up and lifted the gurney between them.
“If you are quite ready,” Alexandre frowned his displeasure as he turned to face the stairs, gripping the gurney behind his back.
“No need to get snotty about it.”
Setting the gurney down and turning back around, Alexandre pinned Mike with a frosty stare.
“I realize that nothing I say or do will change your opinion of me, but as I said in the van before we arrived at our destination, I did not intend to demean you.”
“Mean being the operative word.”
“Will the two of you get on with it?” Nick asked in irritation.  “You can work on your bromance some other time.”
“There is no bromance here,” Mike objected.
“Maybe not, but there are a lot of stairs, so get moving.”
“Looking forward to it,” Mike muttered lifting his end of the gurney.
“Wimp,” Nick taunted.
“Easy for you to say…you get to sit in the Ambulance shootin’ the breeze,” Mike accused.  “Why did you get to be the driver anyway?”
“Do you have an international license?”
“You know I don’t, but I could have pretended to be the driver.”
“Next time, don’t brag about your English enunciation,” Nick suggested before adding in the Queen’s English, “Which, by the way, definitely needs work.”
“Hey!  Where did that perfect accent come from?”
“I’m Alexandre’s cousin…you do the math.”  
“Why the hell did you keep it to yourself?”
“The upper crust are not in the habit of masquerading as ambulance attendants,” he answered haughtily before adding in his normal voice, “Besides the kid is in the dungeon and any idiot knows that means a ton of narrow curvy stairs.”
“Now you’re calling me an idiot…?”
“If the brain fits…”
“Well, this idiot didn’t know anything about dungeons, so…thanks for that.”
“Literally my pleasure,” Nick answered chuckling.

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana

The scream that pierced his eardrums, had Minsk out of bed and half-shifted before he had even fully awakened.
“Jeanluc…?” Dawn ventured in alarm as she, too, leapt from the bed.
By the time her husband had fully shifted, she had the door opened and was reaching for her robe to follow him…two decades of experience automatically guiding her actions.
Instinctively following the scent of fear, the large white wolf burst into the bedroom of Jay’s mate.
Entering the room behind the wolf, Dawn quickly appraised the situation and realized that Brit was in the throes of some terrible nightmare, but one that in all probability was in some way related to her mate.
Turning to Sinclair as he appeared in the doorway behind her, she said, “I have this.  Go reassure your sister that everything is fine.  She is in the young man’s room keeping an eye on him.”
With a nod, Sinclair disappeared.
As Brit tossed and turned, writhing on the bed in agony, Dawn calmly kneeled down beside the beautiful creature that was her husband, and put her hands on both sides of the white furry face, gazing deeply into his eyes as she spoke to him with her heart.
After a few moments, the wolf appeared to nod and swiftly exited the room.
Two minutes later, garbed in a deep burgundy silk robe, Jeanluc returned to the room, phone in hand next to his right ear.
“I understand,” he said before disconnecting the call.
“What did Blake say?  Should we wake her?”
“He will attend to matters on his end.  It is best for Miss Macintosh to slowly emerge from the nightmare with a less traumatic conclusion.”
“What do we do until then?”
“We keep her from harming herself until Jay is under control and has managed to calm his mate.”

Wednesday, May 23rd

Dumfries, Scotland

“I was unable to rescue your friend, Ms. Saunders.”
“Then I have to go back,” Dee announced swinging her feet out of the bed.  “I have to save Quort.”
“He is past saving, I fear.  I had to keep my distance, but it rather looked as if he were taken out in a body bag.”
“Please,” Dee whispered fighting the tears that were choking her, “I have to know for sure.”
“If he is not already dead, he soon will be…and if you return, you will suffer the same fate.  The two of you can identify your kidnappers.  It is best to remain here until we have more information and decide whom we can trust.”
“Quort,” Dee sobbed as she allowed the man to tuck her back under the blankets.
“I shall prepare you a nice cup of tea,” the man said gently as he turned to leave the room.  “Perhaps it will serve as a sleep aid.  You have been through quite an ordeal and require rest and fluids.”
“Thank you,” she whispered.
“You are welcome, my dear.  I shall return tout de suite.”
“Good,” Milord’s voice whispered in Vincent’s ear as he quietly shut the door behind him, “the girl suspects nothing.”
Quickly moving away from the girl’s door, Vincent replied, “I rescued her from death.  She trusts me.”
“Temporarily rescued her from death, my old friend.  Once we have eliminated the Alpha, all parties involved must also die.”
“Her death would serve no purpose other than to give rise to questions better left unasked,” Vincent pointed out.  “She knows nothing of import.  Perhaps you should revisit your strategy.”
“You dare to question me?” Milord asked, the mild tone of his voice belying the tone of the words.
“Do I not always?”
“Have you developed an inconvenient fondness for the child?”
“Of course not, but I do value innocent human life…I have never hidden that from you.”
“The girl has befriended the enemy.”
“The girl has been used by both sides and yet knows nothing of either,” Vincent contradicted.  “As I said, her death would serve no purpose.”
“That conscience of yours has always been inconvenient.  Do not think it has escaped me that the sustenance you have furnished over the centuries is usually a whore, a drug addict, a criminal, or some other less than desirable element of society.”
“Those types of people are less likely to be missed.”
“Some would consider your offerings less than…acceptable.”
“As if it matters to you,” Vincent scoffed.  “Blood is blood as far as you are concerned and the amount you currently need to sustain you would give authorities pause if I were to employ other methods of securing sustenance.”
“Always searching for justification.”
“I follow my conscience…such as it is.”
“Conscience…a weak man’s excuse.  The girl is but a pawn…expendable…as are all but the brethren.”
Vincent snorted in disbelief, “The brethren would be just as expendable if you had any control over their fate.”
“They have their uses.”
“Now that the boy has been recovered from the estate,” Vincent said changing the subject, “what is the next step?”
“You are certain he is alive?”
“Yes, although I dared draw no closer and am therefore unable to attest to his condition firsthand.  However, as your orders were to kill him regardless of the outcome, Carrington cared little for his welfare and left him to rot in the dungeon.  I can say with absolute certainty that the boy is in dire straits.”
“Carrington proved to be most ineffectual.”
“He may not have killed the boy, but he managed to solve half of your dilemma by killing himself.”
“Considerate of him,” Milord conceded.  “Unfortunate that MI5 will find an arsenal on the premises.”
“As that situation contributed to Carrington’s suicide, not as unfortunate as you would think.  Also, by allowing a government agency to rescue the boy, the wolves have left the door wide open.  Our people in the area should have no trouble locating him. There are few medical facilities in that part of the country and it is a foregone conclusion that he will require immediate medical attention.”
“What instructions have you given your people?”
“To eliminate him…otherwise I will not be able to convince the girl that he was deliberately spying on her for his father.
“That is of paramount importance.  The girl needs to feel as if she is alone with only you to rely upon.”
“The young man’s eradication will not present a problem.”
“No more so than his father’s,” Milord agreed.
“It was my understanding that the father’s death should appear an accident.  Rigged explosives do not generally fall into that category.”
“The important thing is it not in any way be linked to us.”
“And by that, you mean to you.”
“Has the girl any idea of her location?”
“No.”
“Good…plant the seeds of doubt…with the requisite amount of reluctance, of course.”
 “And then…?”
“As soon as we can confirm the boy’s death, allow her to phone a friend.”
“Are you sure that is wise?  After all, you ordered her best friend killed and had another friend kidnapped.  That leaves only one choice and if that young man is one of the wolves, as we suspect, the call may be traced back to us.  The Pack has more resources at their disposal than we first assumed.”
“Allow her to call her best friend’s phone number and if she receives no answer have her call her own as well.  The wolves will have recovered both cells by now.”
“Should we trace that call?”
“Futile…my people have already attempted to locate those phones to no avail.”
“A pity Carrington did not think it necessary to place a locator in the phones.”
“At that point, we had no reason to suspect a connection between any of her friends and the wolves.  Do not allow her to phone her friend until the boy is found and eliminated.”
“I fail to see how calling the best friend would be helpful.  How could she possibly be alive?  No one survives Mikhail.”
“Mikhail is dead.”
“Are you…?” 
Vincent halted when he realized what he was asking.  Milord was inextricably linked to every member of the brotherhood.  If he said Mikhail was dead, he was dead.
“We know from Richard that the young woman Mikhail was ordered to kill was mated to a wolf and, with the wolves’ regenerative capabilities, there is every chance that she survived.”
“If Mikhail is dead, is it also possible that Frederick survived?”
“Yes.”
“I do not understand why you ordered him killed in the first place.  Years ago, one of your all-knowing sorcerers insisted that Frederick was important.”
“And his assistance in finding a connection to the wolves proved invaluable.”
“You assumed his usefulness had come to an end…?  I thought he was the key.”
“The young lady you hold captive is the key and Frederick had outlived his usefulness.  I sensed Richard’s hold over Frederick diminishing as he aged; It was quite apparent that the boy had become a liability.”
“Then I suppose it is a good thing we relocated after Richard’s last visit.  Frederick is an intelligent young man and I am certain that given enough time, he could eventually locate the Paris residence and recognize it, even though we paid to have it…er…aged.”
“That was the impetus behind my decision to leave.  We had no guarantee that Richard would be able to control him much longer.”
“I must say, as much as I despised Richard, he did a fairly adequate job pretending to be the child’s biological parent while keeping him in check,” Vincent acknowledged.  “Speaking of which, the young woman continues to ask if she can communicate with her parents.”
“Stall for now.  First, make certain the boy is dead, then have her phone her friend.  If she fails to cooperate, we may need to use her parents as an inducement.”
“I fully expect to be able to convince her to cooperate without utilizing such methods.”
“We shall see.”
 “Should she arrange a ‘rescue’ while speaking with her friend?”
“All in good time, dear Vincent…all in good time.”
“In other words, your new sorcerer…what is this one’s name…?  Hmm…I forget.  Sheldon…Shepherd…Shandlin…or something similar.  Regardless, I suspect that he requires a greater portion of your money in order to be more forthcoming.”
“After all of the information I have garnered from various sorcerers, you still doubt?”
“I do not doubt the validity of all sorcerer’s…simply your current one.”
“You have doubted most of the sorcerers I have utilized over the centuries.”
“Most is a bit strong,” Vincent protested.  “Of course, killing every sorcerer that incites your displeasure does tend to leave one with few choices so perhaps most is an accurate description.”
“I am certain this sorcerer has been in recent contact with Bealu.”
“Well…as long as you are certain…”

Thursday, May 24th

Chapter 11

Glendale, California

“I can’t believe we graduate tomorrow, Roger.”
“Did you think it would be this hard?  To leave, I mean.”
“Actually, I never really thought about it,” Samantha admitted.  “I mean, we’ve gone to the same school for years and suddenly, after tomorrow, I’ll wake up every day and do something totally different.”
“When do you leave for orientation at Berkeley?”
“I’m driving up on Sunday evening…how about you?  When is your Penn State orientation?”
“My parents decided it was too far to drive for just a week so I’ll be flying out on Sunday afternoon.”
“I’m going to miss whipping your butt in basketball.”
“Yeah, right…I think you have us confused.”
“Hmm…penis…vagina…nope, I’m pretty sure I have it right.”
“Does your dad know you talk like that?”
“Right…because I’m always throwing out those kind of words when my parents are around.”
“You hang around with Brit way too much.”
“She’s been in college for two years…and I’ve barely seen her this last year.”
“Yeah, well, you obviously have some major residual going on.”

~**~

“Tommy isn’t good enough for you, Stephanie.”
“You’ve got it all wrong, Bobby.  We aren’t dating…we’re just friends.”
“That’s not how he feels.”
“He’s interested in Tiff, not me.”
“You might believe that…shoot, he might even believe that, but I’m telling you right now, you’re the one he really wants.”
“But I don’t feel that way about him,” Stephanie said in dismay.
“I know…I just didn’t know if you realized that you don’t feel that way about him.”
“So, you’re just looking out for me?”
“Of course, I just…wait…you didn’t think…I mean, I’m not…”
“We’re just friends…right?”
“Yeah, you’re like my sister or something…if I could have one, that is.”
“You mean if you had one…”
“Uh…yeah, that’s what I meant.”
“And you’re not just using me to get to Sam?”
“I’ve already accepted the fact that there’s no getting to Sam…not for me, anyway.  When I leave for Michigan State, I’m starting fresh.”
“And you’re good with that?”
“I’m more than good with that because I know that one day I’ll meet my future mate and it will be better than I ever imagined.”
“I like that,” Stephanie said wistfully.  “I hope one day we both find our future mates and we live happily ever after, just like in the fairy tales.”
“I wouldn’t be so quick to wish for a fairy tale, Stephanie.”
“Why not?”
“Sometimes beasts show up in fairy tales.”
“One woman’s beast is another woman’s dream date,” she giggled.
“I’m very glad to hear you say that.”
“Why?”
“Saved by the bell,” he murmured as he picked up his tray.  “Walk you to your last exam?”
“Since you chased poor Tommy away, it’s the least you can do.”

~**~

“Let’s do something special,” Cliff breathed in her ear.  “Let’s do the thing.”
“There you go talking again,” Tiffany complained, pushing him away and yanking down her blouse.  “Now I’m not in the mood, so thanks for nothing.”
“What do you mean by now?  You’re never in the mood…not for what I want anyway.”
“You’re such a guy.”
“Well, duh.”
“I’m done.  Take me home.”
“We just got started.”
“And now we’re finished.”
“Why don’t we ever do what I want to do.”
“What are you…five?”
“We’re gonna be seniors next year and I want to do it.”
“You can’t even say the word, but you expect me to put out…just like that?”
“I can say it.”
“Okay, then, let’s hear it.  What exactly do you want from me?”
“I want to sleep with you.”
“Fine, then let’s take a nap.”
“Not that kind of sleep.”
“Strike one…care to try again?”
“Okay, then I want to make love…”
“Make love…really…?  Who says that?  Strike two…”
“What do you want from me?”
“If you’re not mature enough to say it, you’re not mature enough to do it.”
“Do what?”
“Oh my gosh…just forget it,” Tiffany said in disgust as she opened the car door.  “I’ll walk home.”
“Hey, what about strike three?” he asked right before she slammed the door.  “Don’t I get a strike three?”
“Game called for lack of brains,” Tiffany muttered as she took off running.

Sussex, England

“How is he, Doctor Dawson?”
“Not good, Blake, not good at all,” the doctor replied.  “The ventilator is the only thing keeping him alive at the moment.  He should be in hospital.”
“Perhaps Doctor Minsk mentioned that was not an option…?”
“He did, but failed to mention the patient is human.  I assumed…”
“What can be done?”
“First, we need to perform an ultrasound examination as soon as possible to confirm my suspicions.”
“I can have the equipment on the premises within two hours.”
“Can you also conjure up an operating theatre?”
“You believe that to be necessary?”
“Until the ultrasound, I will not know for certain, but it is a distinct possibility.”
“When he first arrived, you suggested he had pneumonia.”
“And he does, but three days of broad spectrum antibiotics should have made a significant difference.  It has not.”
“What does that mean?”
“Most probably an empyema.”
“Which is…?”
“In layman’s terms, the infection has spread to an area outside of the lungs and will require an operation and the temporary placement of a chest tube.”
“The machine will be here within two hours and I will have a sterile operating room set up in five.”
“I shall also require a scrub nurse.”
“One will be available.”
“Many things could go wrong.  I must reiterate that the patient would most assuredly be better off in hospital.”
“Believe me when I tell you that he would not.”
“The Society…?”
“Yes.”
“I shall do my best.”
“That is all I ask.”

~**~

Standing in the doorway of Quort’s room, Blake could feel Jay’s struggle to remain calm as he sat at his friend’s bedside.
“He looks so…so…fragile.  Maybe we should take him to a hospital.”
“You know we can’t do that.”
“It doesn’t sound as if the doctor holds out much hope that he’ll survive an operation.”
“He is simply being cautious,” Blake said as he moved to stand beside Quort’s bed.  “You will come to understand in a few years that liability is something all medical professionals live with on a daily basis.  It is best to refrain from promising a favorable outcome.”
“You don’t have to sugarcoat it for me, Blake, I know how bad it is.”
“Don’t give up on your friend, Jay, not as long as he is willing to fight for his life.  Quort is tougher than you realize.”
“I just never thought anything like this could happen to us,” Jay said around the huge lump in his throat.  “My friends are all human.  They should have been safe from…”
Realizing that Jay was once more dangerously close to losing control, Blake placed a steadying hand on his shoulder.
“Remember your mate and what happened last time,” he warned.  “Be strong for her.”
Closing his eyes, Jay allowed the calming influence of the Alpha to flow through him.  After a few deep breaths, he opened his eyes and nodded.
“You have been at your friend’s bedside for three days with very little break,” Blake said as he withdrew his hand.  “You need rest.”
“I’m fine.”
“While the others are gathering the necessary items, perhaps you will allow me to watch over your friend for you.”
“I can’t…”
“Please do not force me to make it a command,” Blake asked in a gentle, almost pleading voice.
“Will you call me once the ultrasound is done?”
“My word on it.”
“I’m not sure where my room is.”
“Alexandre…?” Blake called.
“I shall accompany him,” Alexandre answered, appearing in the doorway at Blake’s summons.  “If you are ready…?”
“I suppose so,” Jay shrugged as he stood, suddenly feeling more exhausted than he cared to admit.  “Lead the way.”
As Alexandre moved out into the hallway, Jay turned back to Quort.  He tried to say something…bye…see you later…anything that sounded halfway normal, but nothing would come.  Shoulders slumped in defeat, Jay trailed after Alexandre.
“Doctor Dawson is one of the few human doctors that my father trusts implicitly,” Alexandre offered as he stood waiting for Jay to catch up to him.  “He will save Quort.”
Jay simply nodded, too tired to speak.
“This is your room,” Alexandre said as he opened the door.  “It is only four doors down from Quort so you should be able to hear if anything changes.”
“Thanks for that,” Jay managed to get out.
“I have never had a best friend, so I do not pretend to understand your relationship, but I can see how much he means to you.”
“Nice of you to let us crash at your place.”
“Yes, well, technically it is my father’s place.  I hope you find the room to your liking.  If you require anything else, I shall be close.”
And with that, Alexandre shut the door, leaving Jay alone with his depressing thoughts.
Collapsing on the bed in exhaustion without even bothering to remove his shoes, Jay was drifting off to sleep when he heard it.
I miss you.
“I miss you, too, my Brit,” he murmured before he let go, fading into sleep.

Friday, May 25th

Although Jay could hear someone calling his name, he couldn’t seem to open his eyes.  After dozing a few more minutes, the voice began urging him to wake up, but still Jay couldn’t force his lids to cooperate.
The name Quort finally penetrated his consciousness and suddenly Jay was wide-awake and sitting up in the bed.
“Quort…?” he repeated  “What about Quort?”
“I am so sorry,” Alexandre was explaining.  “We tried to wake you multiple times over the past eight hours, but…”
“Eight hours…?” Jay exclaimed.  “Is he…did the doctor…is Quort…dead…?”
“Quite the contrary…Quort made it through the operation much better than expected and is back in his room.”
“So he’s okay…?”
“He is still unconscious and the doctor said the next twenty-four hours are critical, but he is holding his own.  I thought you would want to be in attendance during this crucial period.”
“Yes, I do, I’ll go right now,” Jay said sliding off the bed.  “After I make a brief pit-stop, that is.”
“Once you have settled in his room, I shall bring supper.”
“Sounds great…thanks,” Jay threw over his shoulder before shutting himself in the bathroom.
When he emerged, someone had taken up residence on the bed.
“Hey,” Mike said in an uncharacteristically reserved manner.  “Haven’t seen you much the last couple of days.  How’re you doing?”
“Better now that the operation is behind us.  Thanks for helping to gather all the equipment.”
“Sure…it’s the least I could do.  I haven’t been much help lately.”
“Nothing any of us could do while we were waiting for the drugs to work.”
“Or not work,” Mike said.  “Anyway, I just wanted you to know that I…er…apologized to Alexandre for being such an ass for the past…well…actually, ever since I met him, which was a long time ago.”
“Really…?  Why the sudden change?”
“Since I didn’t have anything else to do, we kind of got to know each other and I realized a couple of things.”
“Like what?”
“Even though Alexandre grew up with parents, and apparently knows a lot of the Pack, way more than even I do, he never really had any close friends.  His whole life has been about following in his father’s footsteps and getting ready to take over his father’s place in the Pack.  That pretty much sucks.”
“Sounds like it.”
“I’m sorry…I’m keeping you from Quort.  We can talk about this some other time.”
“It’s fine.  I can hear Quort breathing and can tell he already sounds better.”
“He does, doesn’t he?” Mike grinned.  “That’s a huge relief.”
“It is,” Jay agreed.  “So you and Alexandre are best buds now?”
“I wouldn’t go straight to best buds, but we’re better than we were.  He’s been great about showing me around the castle and answering all of my questions.”
“Did he tell you why his last name is different than his father’s?  I’ve been wondering but haven’t had a chance to ask.”
“It’s not different, he was just using his middle name, Dupree, to throw you and your friends off.  His dad figured that your friend Deana might have told all of you her psychiatrist’s name, so Alexandre had to use a different one.”
“So, is he French or isn’t he?”
“After our ancestors all turned into wolves, his family was more or less forced into exile in northern France, so after a few centuries, his family considered themselves French.”
“How is it a Frenchman has an English castle?”
“It was in his family before the invasion and one of the doctor’s ancestors—I don’t remember which one—finally got it back.”
“It’s weird, huh…?”
“What is?”
“Suddenly meeting so many Pack members with their own histories and not knowing any of them even though we all started out in the same place back in the eleventh century.”
“Oh, that…”
“I guess it’s weirder for me than for you.  Living at the ranch for more than half of your life, you’ve probably met a lot more Pack members than I have.  There were only two at my school in Florida and, even though I met more once we moved to California, we all knew Blake preferred we keep our distance to avoid looking suspicious, so we were just nodding acquaintances.  Don’t get me wrong, it’s a good weird…but weird all the same.”
“Yeah, the more I meet, the more I feel like I belong.”
“That’s it…I’m feeling more a sense of belonging than I ever have before…and I like it.”
“I understand why Blake kept us all separate all of these years, but I wish it could have been different.”
“Water under the bridge, I guess,” Jay sighed.  “Anyway, I’m going to see Quort now, but I’m glad we got to talk.  And, for the record, I’m sorry for anything that I’ve said or done that made you feel like…well…like you were feeling.”
“It’s all good.  I was just being a jealous jerk.  I mean, I’ve known you and Alexandre forever, but until I was with you both at the same time, I didn’t realize just how much you two have in common and I was afraid you’d like him better than me.”
“You think we’re alike?”
“Oh yeah,” Mike chuckled.  “Way too much alike.”
“Huh…go figure.”
“So anyway, good talk.  Go see Quort and I’ll catch you later.”

Saturday, May 26th

Chapter 12

Glendale, California

“It’s been great having you around this last week,” Stephanie hugged her Aunt Alicia before moving over to do the same for her Uncle Bruce.  “I wish there hadn’t been so many finals and we could have spent more time together.”
“You spent every evening with us old fogeys,” Bruce pointed out.  “Any more togetherness and I’d be going home flat broke, even though we only played for a penny a point.”
“You shouldn’t have taught me Cribbage if you didn’t want me to clean you out,” Stephanie giggled.  “I’m really going to miss you two.”
“Ha,” Bruce snorted, “don’t think I don’t know that it’s my pocketbook you’ll miss.”
“We’ll miss you, too, sweetheart,” Alicia assured, elbowing her husband in the ribs.  
“You two are such a riot.”
“We’re just glad we were able to make this visit such a long one.  Although, I must say, I wish we could be here for my brother’s birthday party tonight.”
“You’ve been here a whole week,” Stephanie pointed out.  “If that doesn’t scream ‘happy birthday’, I don’t know what does.  Besides, it’s the thought that counts.”
“I’ve heard that rumor.”
“Tiff said to tell you bye…she had to get up early for cheerleading practice and I’m not sure when she’ll be back.”
“She won’t be back until we’re gone,” Bruce chuckled.  “She’s seen as much of us as she can stand.”
“Oh, but…”
“Every time she came out of the bedroom, there we were in the gameroom,” Bruce continued, “which also happened to be our temporary bedroom.  Scared that girl silly a couple of times, and I’m pretty sure I heard muttered curses.  Don’t think she likes us much.”
“Sam would have let you have her room.”
“You know we never like to impose like that,” Alicia said.  “Sam had finals to study for and besides, her room is full of Brit’s boxes.  We were perfectly comfortable sleeping on the hide-a-bed mattress.”
“On the floor…?”
“Nothing wrong with a nice firm floor,” Bruce said heartily.  “Good for the back.”
“Speaking of Sam, is she back yet?” Alicia asked.
“No, the after-graduation party went so long last night that she crashed at the hotel with a bunch of others.”
“We’re so happy we were able to make it to her graduation ceremony.  Will you tell her we’re sorry we had to leave early and missed saying goodbye?”
“I will.”
“And tell Tiffany to relax, we won’t be back to bother her again until next year when the two of you graduate,” Bruce chuckled.
Stephanie started to protest again, but thought better of it.  Her aunt and uncle weren’t stupid.  Tiffany spent at least a week after every one of their visits complaining about them taking over the whole upstairs...and she especially hated sharing the bathroom.
Instead, Stephanie changed the subject.
“I’m sorry I can’t drive you to the airport, but Sam’s got Mom’s car and Mom and Dad took his car to the summer school teacher in-service thing they had to go to this morning.”
“It’s alright, Steph,” Bruce grinned, “we’re used to taxis.  Remember…we’re New Yorkers.”
“Speak of the devil,” Alicia said at the sound of a horn honking before hugging Stephanie one last time, “there’s our ride.  We’ve got to go, sweetie.”
“Be safe.”
“We will, and don’t forget your cousin Tanner will get in sometime this evening.  He and his cousin Joey, from Bruce’s side of the family, plan to do a lot of surfing.  I’m sure he’s also looking forward to working with you girls at the Burger Bin.”
“Burger Binge,” Stephanie corrected automatically.
“That’s even worse,” Alicia murmured as she headed towards the front door.
“No argument here,” Stephanie sighed softly, waving from her position in the doorway as she watched her aunt and uncle making their way down the sidewalk to the waiting cab.  
After locking the front door, Stephanie turned determinedly towards the kitchen and the cake she’d promised her mom that she’d bake.  The two of them usually enjoyed doing those types of things together, but what with company all week, grading finals, getting ready for graduation, and then to top it all off, summer school in-service, her mom had no spot in her tight schedule to do any baking.
Thankfully, Aunt Alicia and Uncle Bruce’s early flight left Stephanie with plenty of time to get the cake into the oven and then the rest of the morning for it to cool before she had to frost it for the party later.  Grabbing her mother’s special notebook out of the cupboard and placing it on the counter, Stephanie opened it to the correct page and happily set about collecting the ingredients.

Bob Hope Airport
Burbank, California

“Hey Mom.”
“Spencer!  I’ve been trying to call you and Connor for days.  Do you want to give your poor mother a heart attack?”
“Aw, Mom, we’re all grown up now and hardly ever need our butt’s wiped…well, I don’t anyway.”
“Give me that,” a voice growled in the background.  “Hi Mom.  Sorry about all the missed calls.  You know we can’t always find a place to charge our phones when we’re backpacking it.”
“Don’t even,” Alicia warned.  “I know what you’ve have been up to so don’t go trying to pull the wool over my eyes.”
“What?” Connor asked with as innocent a tone as he could muster.
“It’s not something we will discuss over the phone, but when you get home, there will be hell to pay.”
“Uh oh, Spence…Mom just used the ‘H’ word.”
“No kidding, Conn?  Let me have that phone.  Mom, are you cussing?  I’m so proud.”
“When are you two coming home?”
“Well, today’s what…?  Sunday…?”
“It’s Saturday—at least here in the states it is—put Connor back on the phone.”
“Aw…c’mon, Mom…I’m just as smart as he is.”
“Give me that,” Connor said swiping the phone from his brother once more.  “As much as I hate to admit it, Spence is sort of right…it will be Sunday by the time we leave here anyway, so that means we’ll hit the states sometime on Monday and then be back in the City by late Tuesday.”
“I won’t ask why the extra day right now,” Alicia said, “but be ready with some answers—truthful answers—when you get home.  I won’t settle for anything less.”
“Yes ma’am,” Connor said.  “We’ve got to go, but we’ll see you soon.  Love you.”
“Love you, too, honey.”
“Hey!” Alicia heard Spencer object.  “Give me the phone.  I want my ‘love you’.”
“Tell Spencer I said ditto for him.”
“Mom said ditto for you, dumbass.”
“She didn’t call me dumbass…give me that phone.”
“Oh yeah, she did.”
“She wouldn’t do that…take it back right now.”
“Are you big enough to make me?”
Sighing heavily, Alicia snapped her phone shut.
“Some things never change.”
“Would you want them to?” Bruce asked in amusement.
“Well, for once I’d like you to tell me what’s actually going on instead of trying to protect me all the time.”
“Besides that.”
“Nope, that about covers it.”
“You apparently think that you already know, so why should I tell you?”
“You mean the part where Blake needed my two sons to help him rescue Brit’s friends so he interrupted their backpacking and drafted them?”
“Yeah, that part,” Bruce admitted.  “What gave me away?”
“The fact that I know you too well.”
“Never too well, my love,” Bruce contradicted, planting a tender kiss on her check.  “Always just enough.”
“That’s so sweet,” Alicia said in a gentle tone filled with steel, “but it won’t get you out of the doghouse.”
“Canine jokes…?  Seriously…?”
“Come along, my pet,” Alicia coaxed with laughter in her voice as she stood and picked up her carry-on, “they’re calling our flight.  Hopefully, they won’t make you ride in a dog crate down in the hold this time.”
“Beauty and a sense of humor,” Bruce noted drily.  “How did I get so lucky?”
“Still in the doghouse,” Alicia called over her shoulder and, amid the laughter of other passengers waiting to board, added quietly so only Bruce could hear, “and I’ll always be right there with you.”
“That’s my girl,” Bruce chuckled picking up his own bag and following after the woman that owned his heart.

Los Angeles, California

“Happy Birthday, Trey.”
“Liza,” Trey said in surprise.  “I didn’t recognize your number.”
“I’m calling from Garth’s office.”
“On a Saturday…?”
“He has office hours on Saturday mornings once a month.  I’m just here picking him up for lunch after his last appointment.”
“Ah, that explains it…and thank you for the birthday card.  I got it this morning.”
“You’re welcome.  Sorry to bother you at work, but I called the house and Stephanie said you were at the school for some sort of workshop…?”
“It’s a teacher in-service before we start summer school and it’s no bother…it’s lunchtime here, too.  We’re brown-bagging it so Cynthia’s grabbing ours out of the fridge as we speak.”
“Oh, that’s good.”
“You don’t sound like yourself, Liza.  Is something wrong?”
“I was…well…I was wondering if you’ve heard from the girls lately.”
“I get regular texts,” Trey hedged.
“So do I, but the last couple of days, I’ve tried calling Deana and I’m getting her voice mail every time.”
“I’m sure they’re just…”
“That’s not all,” Liza interrupted.  “Garth thinks I’m imagining things, but there is someone following me.”
“Liza…”
“Do not patronize me, Trey,” she warned.  “I’ve had enough of that from Garth.”
“Why do you think someone is following you?”
“I’ve seen the same young man three days in a row…first outside the hairdresser’s, then in the grocery store, and today I saw him not far from Garth’s office.”
“Has he approached you or threatened you in any way?”
“Well…no…”
“Have you called the police?”
“And say what, that I think some dark-headed nice-looking boy young enough to be my son is stalking me…?  I’d get laughed out of the station.”
“I see your dilemma.  I can’t promise anything, but I may know someone that can help.  Let me make a call and then I’ll get back to you.”
“A call…?  To whom…?”
“I’d rather not say until I see how this works out.”
“Okay, but…”
“Until you hear from me again, do not open your door to anyone you don’t know and never let yourself get caught out alone in a deserted place.”
“So you think this could be serious?”
“I’d rather not take any chances.”
“Thanks for believing me.  I’m beginning to understand how Deana felt all those years when nobody believed her.”
“You are the most level-headed person I’ve ever met…of course, I believe you.”
“Deana could always count on you to champion her, no matter what anyone else said…that’s why I called you first.  I knew you wouldn’t just brush me off and tell me I’m imagining things.”
“I would never do that.”
“I also wanted you to know that I’m sorry we can’t make your party tonight.  It’s been years since we missed one and Garth would much rather be there.”
“That hundred-dollar-a-plate charity event won’t taste nearly as good as my steaks.”
“Don’t I know it,” Liza sighed in agreement.
“It wouldn’t be the same without the girls here, anyway,” Trey admitted.  “We’d probably just sit around and stare at each other and feel sorry for ourselves.”
“Nothing has felt right since our girls left on that silly trip.”
“I’ll second that.”
“Oh, Garth is coming out of his office.  I have to go.”
“How do I reach you?”
“Text me,” she whispered before hanging up.
“Who was on the phone?” Garth asked, coming up behind her and wrapping his arms around her waist.
“I called Trey to wish him happy birthday and apologize again for not making it to his party tonight.”
“Did you tell him we’d much rather be there than at this silly fundraiser?”
“It’s not a silly fundraiser,” Liza objected turning to face him.
“The cost of the venue and the food alone could have bought thousands of dollars worth of medical supplies for the free clinic, not to mention the entertainment.”
“Those things were all donated to the cause.”
“Yes, and they could have donated the money it cost to feed and entertain all of us directly to the cause instead of feeding and entertaining all of us and then donating the leftovers.  Then each of us could have donated a hundred dollars a plate to the cause without demanding a plate of food in return.”
“I’ll be sure and suggest a virtual plate next year,” Liza teased.
“You know I’m right about this.”
“Fine,” she conceded, “you’ve made your point and yes, I did let Trey know we’d rather be there.”
“What about the girls?  Has he heard from Brit?”
“He said she’s texting him.”
“I hate these new-fangled text things,” Garth grumbled.  “Why can’t our baby girl just call us instead of texting the same things over and over again?”
“Why indeed,” Liza murmured.  “So…ready to take your sexy wife out to lunch?”
“I have a sexy wife?  Where…?”
“Garth!” she protested, pushing him away.
“Not only am I ready to take my sexy wife out to lunch,” he grinned as he snaked a hand around her waist and pulled her up against him once more, “but I have plans for said sexy wife afterwards…big plans.”
“Do tell,” Liza coaxed, playing with his tie.
“Well, first…”

Glendale, California

“Trey…?” Cynthia questioned as she set two brown paper bags on the table between them.  “Who was on the phone?  You look…concerned.”
“It was Liza.  She’s worried about the girls and she thinks she might have picked up a stalker.”
“Someone’s stalking one of our girls?”
“Sorry, poor overuse of ambiguous pronouns for an English teacher’s husband,” Trey admitted with a half-smile.  “Liza may have a stalker.”
“Oh no!  Has she told the police?”
“She isn’t sure enough about it to involve them.”
“Then what can she do?  She has to do something.”
“I’m going to make a call and see if I can find someone that may be able to help.  I’ll be back in a few minutes.”
As Trey walked towards the nearest exit, he sent a quick 911 text.  Within a minute, his phone rang.
“What’s wrong?”
“Do you have someone following Dee’s mother?”
“I do…her father as well.”
“Either Liza made him or someone else is stalking her.”
“Description?”
“Dark-headed, good-looking, and young enough to be her son.”
“That would be mine,” Blake sighed over the phone.  “Has she contacted the police?”
“No, she’s doesn’t think they’ll believe her.”
“This situation might actually work in our favor.  I’ll send a detective out to talk to her and set up some off-duty police protection to replace the young man she made.  You may inform her that a Detective Steve Barrows will pay her a visit tomorrow.”
“Will do…and thanks.”
Hanging up, Trey quickly sent a text to Liza and headed back to the cafeteria table to rejoin his confused wife still sitting there with two untouched brown paper bags.  He was halfway there when it hit him and he came to a complete halt.  He’d been so preoccupied with Liza’s issue, he hadn’t thought to ask Blake how things were going with Dee and Quort.
“And now I can’t,” Trey muttered in self-disgust.  “How could I be so stupid?”
Blake wasn’t the type one simply rang up to ask questions.  The one time Trey had done that as a teenager, Blake had hung up on him.  
Anyone was welcome to call Blake when in need, and he would immediately respond, but calling to ask for information was taboo.  If Blake wanted someone to know something, he’d initiate contact.  
All Trey could do was wait for the next emergency in order to ask about Quort and Dee, which was ironic as he fervently hoped there wouldn’t be a ‘next emergency’.
Realizing he’d been standing in the middle of the cafeteria for no apparent reason, Trey continued on towards Cynthia.
“Let’s eat,” he said in a cheerful voice, sliding into his seat.  “I’m starved.”
“You’re something alright,” Cynthia agreed, eyeing him thoughtfully, “but I’m not sure ‘starved’ covers it.”
Ignoring her pointed stare, Trey dug into his sack with forced enthusiasm and began unwrapping his sandwich.
“Hmm…chicken salad…my favorite…”

Chapter 13

Sussex, England

“He is not ready for transport,” Doctor Dawson protested.  “The chest tube will need to stay in place a minimum of two more days.”
“You indicated the boy had stabilized.”
“Yes, he has, but not enough for a transatlantic flight without extra precautions.”
“What type of complications do you foresee?”
“There is very little in the way of research into chest tubes and flight, but with the pressure differential, it is possible that he could suffer breathing complications and require mechanical ventilation while in the air.”
“Would you be willing to accompany him to the states?”
“Possibly…if you are willing and able to furnish whatever equipment I deem necessary.”
“Of course.” 
“However, I do have my other patients to consider.”
“I would happily compensate you for your time as well as compensate your temporary replacement here.”
“I shall make some calls and see what I can do.”
As Alexandre showed the doctor out, Connor and Spencer entered the sick room.
“Do you think the Doc will go for it, Blake?” Connor asked.
“I do.”
“He’d better,” Spencer warned, “since you finally let us use one of our cell phones to call Mom.  She’s expecting us to head back to the states PDQ and you know that woman doesn’t do disappointment well when it comes to her babies.  She’ll be all up in your face when you get back and I guarantee it won’t be pretty.”
“Blake’s not afraid of one lil’ ole’ woman, Spence.”
“You will both be in the air within a few hours regardless of the doctor’s decision.”
“So you are afraid of one lil’ ole’ woman,” Spencer mocked.
“Bruce and I are afraid of what trouble that lil’ ole’ woman will get into without one of you keeping a close eye on her at all times.”
“What do you mean?” Connor asked in alarm.  “What kind of trouble could Mom get into?”
“Your mother is quite…er…strong-willed…”
“As are all Macintosh women,” Spencer put in grinning.
“…and with the Society no doubt already well aware of her connection to your cousin…”
“Damn!” Connor exclaimed.  “Dad’s going back to work on Monday.”
“Exactly.”
“We need to get home as soon as possible,” Spencer said.  “Can we leave today?”
“I have not left your mother unprotected.  Your cousin Joey has volunteered to watch over her until the two of you arrive home on Tuesday.”
“Joey…?” Connor scoffed.  “Tell me you’re not serious.”
“What he said,” Spencer added, “because Joey’s never serious.  Mom will be either captured or dead the first day.”
“Make sure you are packed…the plane leaves as soon as Doctor Dawson returns and prepares the patient for transport.”
“Can’t Tanner stay home and you send Joey to help watch over the cousins until Tuesday?” Spencer suggested.
“Joey barely knows the girls,” Connor pointed out.  “That would definitely cause a few raised eyebrows.”
“Have some faith in your cousin.  He has grown and matured since you last spent time with him.”
“That’ll be the day,” Spencer muttered as he and Connor left the room.
“Will their mom be okay?” Jay asked from the doorway.  “Joey sounds a bit irresponsible.”
“The two of them remember a fifteen-year-old underage driver sneaking out and joyriding in his father’s car.”
“How old is Joey now?”
“Graduated from high school as of today,” Blake informed him before changing the subject.  “Has Mike made any headway skimming through airport photos?”
“No…it’s worse than looking for a needle in a haystack.  Should he keep after it?”
“We can’t afford to discount any possible lead.”
“You think it’s a possibility they flew her out of the country, even though the jet Carrington used is still in its hangar?”
“I own multiple aircraft,” Blake pointed out.  “If Deana was smuggled out of the country, there are very few ways it could have been accomplished.”
“Plus, it gives Mike something productive to do, which is never a bad thing.”
“There is that,” Blake agreed.
“You don’t think she was smuggled out, do you?”
“If I were the kidnapper, I would consider it too risky.”
“I still don’t understand why someone would take Deana and leave Quort.  Surely if she knew something, they would have already gotten it out of her by now.”
“She doesn’t know anything substantial enough to help them so I believe they are now using her as a back-up plan,” Blake shrugged.  “The Society is trying to draw us out in order to identify us and as there were no guarantees that Carrington’s strategy would succeed, Deana is Plan B.”
“You never did tell me what exactly Deana found that led her to your part of the country.”
“She uncovered an old picture of a group of high school seniors pitching in to help some disaster victims.  No names, but it did mention Wolfe Butte as one of the hometowns.”
“It was Sinclair, wasn’t it?  Deana’s description of the boy…I often wondered if it was him.”
“Although he had aged since her encounter with him, Sinclair’s unusual coloring must have given him away.”
“You had Mike remove the picture?”
“And all of the school records.”
“So basically, Deana knows nothing that the Society couldn’t surmise from what she was doing when they captured her…searching the school’s data base for a blond-headed boy.”
Blake nodded, watching Jay carefully.
“Unless she proves helpful luring us out into the open, they’ll kill her, won’t they?”
“Yes.”
Closing his eyes, Jay inhaled deeply, attempting to control the anger, fear, and frustration rising up inside of him, but the harder he tried the less he succeeded.
“Search for your mate,” Blake commanded.
Fixing Brit’s face firmly in his mind while desperately repeating I love you I love you I love you over and over, he could feel Brit’s answering anxiety, and ironically it calmed him.
Shoving aside his panic over Deana’s predicament, he sent one more heartfelt I love you and swore he could hear a very relieved echoing of his words.
Smiling, he opened his eyes to thank Blake, but he was gone.
Moving to Quort’s bedside, Jay sat in the chair that had basically become his home over the past week and once more took up his vigil.  

~**~

“Blake, I want to call Brit.”
“Not at this time.”
“Connor and Spencer were able to call their parents.”
“I have very specific reasons for taking certain risks,” Blake replied with forced patience.  “That phone call was an acceptable risk.”
“I don’t see…”
“You realize I have no need to explain my reasoning to you.”
“I do, but…”
“…but you plan to persist.”
“Brit needs me.”
“What Brit needs is for you to learn how to control your emotions when you are apart.”
“I’m working on it.”
“There will be no phone call so your choices are to accept that or to return to the states with Quort, but you must decide now, before the jet departs.  You and your mate could be reunited within twenty-four hours.”
“You know I can’t do that, not with Deana still out there.”
“Your decision,” Blake shrugged, “but as long as you stay, there will be no direct contact with your mate.  She is the one link that the Society has to all of us and I won’t risk them discovering our location or what our plans are.”
“You’re letting her use her cell phone to call her father.  I don’t see the difference.”
“Every one of her family members’ locations are already known so her phone calls to them will not place them in any greater peril.  That is not the case with us.”
“What about her danger?  Couldn’t someone trace her calls back to the ranch?”
“Mike has a system in place that bounces signals originating from the ranch all over the world utilizing many different towers, so that is unlikely.”
“Brit is so new at this and I can sense her confusion.  She doesn’t understand all of the things that she’s feeling and I’m not there to explain it to her.”
“Send a message with her cousins.”
“They don’t have mates…they won’t be any help to her.”
“That is why I furnished Trey Macintosh a secure phone and am allowing your mate to call him whenever she wishes.”
“What good will that do?”
“Trey helped his sister—the mother of Connor and Spencer—through eight months of separation from her mate before her parents allowed them to marry so you can believe me when I tell you that he understands exactly what his daughter is going through.”
“Eight months!  You don’t think Brit’s father will do that to us, do you?”
“I can not speak for him, but I am fairly certain he would never wish Alicia’s experience on any of his daughters.”
“Whew…that’s a relief.  So, you don’t think their phone calls will endanger them?”
“As I said, I have done everything possible to furnish a secure line.”
“Thanks.  Knowing she can talk to him about it makes a huge difference.  I just wish…”
“Do you and your mate plan to marry soon?” Blake asked, deliberately changing the subject.
“She agreed to marry me once I returned, so as long as her father doesn’t object, as soon as we get Deana back home safe and sound…” he trailed off.
“By the time we find your friend, and we will find her, I’m fairly certain he won’t object.”

Chapter 14

Glendale, California

“Oh my gosh, Steph, you have got to see this!”
“I’m busy, Tiff,” Stephanie replied without looking up, “and not really interested in watching you and Cliff baring yourselves to each other on webcam.”
“We’re both dressed.”
“Basically, you’re wearing a sports bra and bicycle shorts, and from what I’ve heard, clothing is a bit too cumbersome for Cliff when he’s lifting weights.”
“So he’s shirtless,” Tiffany shrugged.  “He’s wearing shorts.”
“More like a Speedo,” Stephanie muttered, still traumatized by the accidental view of her sister’s screen the previous week.
“What?”
“I said if you say so.”
“He puts it out there in the public domain so why shouldn’t I watch it?  After all, it’s nothing I haven’t already seen and touched in real life.”
“TMI” Stephanie mumbled before returning her attention to Ivanhoe.
“Anyway, that’s not what I want to show you.  Put down that stupid book and come look out the window.  Seriously, Sis, you have to see this.”
“Ivanhoe isn’t stupid,” Stephanie objected, glancing up in order to direct a scorching glare at her twin.
“Whatever,” Tiffany rolled her eyes, totally immune to her sister’s murderous looks.  “Get over here now or I swear you’ll regret it.”
“Are you threatening me?” Stephanie asked in surprise.
“No,” Tiffany replied with forced patience, “you know I would never do that.  What I mean is that you’ll regret not seeing this, now get your identical booty over here right now.”
“Fine,” Stephanie sighed as she carefully marked her place before setting her book on the bed and joining Tiffany at the window.  “What is it?”
“That!” Tiffany pointed in triumph.
“I see a house with an open garage,” Stephanie shrugged.  “I’m glad it finally sold and we won’t have to look at that furry man sunbathing on his driveway anymore, but I don’t think it’s anything to get that excited about.”
“Look harder…in the garage…”
Stephanie dutifully looked harder and then inhaled quickly.  The afternoon sun reflecting on the garage floor was just bright enough to highlight the impressively built golden-haired Adonis alternately standing and squatting in the shadows next to a motorcycle.  With every flexing of his well-defined arm muscles as he ran a cloth over the sleek machine, butterflies seemed to multiply in her stomach.  The guy was definitely worth a look…and a second look…and possibly even a third look.
Who am I kidding?  That guy is worth an infinite number of looks and that will still never be enough.   
However, Stephanie wasn’t about to admit it to her twin or she knew she’d never hear the end of it.
Pretending to yawn, Stephanie stretched before saying, “Man, am I sleepy.  Cake baking takes a lot out of…”
“Don’t even,” Tiffany scoffed.  “You’re as turned on as I am, Miss Prim and Proper.  I heard your little gasp.”
“Don’t go trying to steal Brit’s thing with the Miss and Mister phrases,” Stephanie said in a desperate attempt to change the subject.  “You’ll never do it as well as she does.”
“I know what you’re doing and it isn’t going to work so you might as well come clean and admit that is as fine a specimen as you’ve ever seen.”
“It is a rather nice motorcycle,” Stephanie hedged.  “I think I saw one just like it in Tommy’s magazine last week.  It’s a German model…a BMW.  I didn’t even know BMW made motorcycles.  Poor Tommy…he was practically salivating over it, but doesn’t think he’ll be able to afford it since he had to get a new guitar before going on tour.  I never knew guitars could be that expensive, but…”
“Who cares about your dorky guitar-playing friend or a stinky old motorcycle?” Tiffany broke in impatiently.
“Tommy isn’t a dork, he’s a musician…and motorcycles are cool.”
“Garage bands don’t qualify as musicians.”
“A lot of famous people got their starts that way…besides, he’s officially on tour as of today, so I think that does qualifies him as…”
“Opening for another loser garage band qualifies him for nothing.”
“Human Lies has a huge fan base and…”
“Okay…stop right there,” Tiffany ordered.  “Again…I repeat…I know what you’re doing and it won’t work.”
“I don’t understand.”
“The hell you don’t…you’re trying to distract me by babbling on about your little idiotic boyfriend instead of the sexy hunk across the street just so you don’t have to admit you’re hot for his bod.”
“I think you’re getting the two of us confused.”
“So I’m hot for his bod, too,” Tiffany shrugged.  “Unlike my sexually repressed and uptight twin, I’m not a prude and don’t mind admitting it.”
“Whatever,” Stephanie replied with feigned indifference before turning back towards her bed and collapsing on top of it.
“I never realized a simple white tee and jeans could look so yummy,” Tiffany licked her lips as she returned her gaze to the guy across the street.
“I prefer the motorcycle,” Stephanie said, picking up her book.  “Now, if you don’t mind…”
“You’re impossible,” Tiffany huffed.  “Stay here with your boring old book then, while I go have some fun.”
“Exactly what type of fun are we talking here?”
“I’m going over to introduce myself.”
“You should probably change first,” Stephanie suggested eyeing the skimpy, skintight workout clothes Tiffany had donned that morning for cheerleading practice.  “Why are you still wearing that anyway?  Cheerleading practice was over hours ago.”
“It’s comfortable,” Tiffany said defensively.
“Oh really?  That’s not what you said the other day so I’m thinking it’s to get Cliff’s attention.”
“I already have Cliff’s attention…now I want our new neighbor’s attention.”
“Yeah…well…good luck with that,” Stephanie muttered turning back to Ivanhoe.
“What’s that supposed to mean.”
When Stephanie didn’t answer, Tiffany grabbed the book out of her hands.
“Hey, I was reading that.”
“I want to know what you meant by that snotty little phrase.”
“Even from here I can tell that he’s too old for you…you’re only seventeen and he’s probably out of college with a real job.  My book please…”
“We’re almost eighteen.”
“And he’s probably mid to late twenties…that’s a huge gap.”
Tossing the book back on the bed, Tiffany looked thoughtful for a moment.
“That’s your scheming face,” Stephanie noted in alarm.  “Exactly what are you planning?”
“Nothing as bad as you’re obviously imagining,” Tiffany giggled.  “I think I’ll grab some cake and take it over to him.  Men love a woman who can cook.”
“That cake is for Dad’s birthday party tonight,” Stephanie protested, “and you know good and well that I baked it.  You have no idea what cake pans look like, much less how to whip egg whites.”
“Yeah…yeah…yeah…blah…blah…blah…” Tiffany snorted.  “I know I didn’t bake it, and you know I didn’t bake it, but our new neighbor doesn’t.  I’m sure Dad won’t mind sharing.”
“Mom will mind,” Stephanie pointed out.  “She’s already stressed enough about having to teach summer school, she doesn’t need to be worrying about what trouble we’re causing at home and she doesn’t need you messing up Dad’s birthday.  Besides, both the cake and the frosting are still cooling.”
“I’m not messing anything up.  In fact, I’m helping by welcoming the hot hunk across the street to the neighborhood.  I’ll just slap some frosting on it and call it done.”
“Don’t you dare!  You’ll ruin the whole thing.”
“You know what…” Tiffany continued, oblivious to her sisters rising anger, “I might even invite him over tonight.  What are you fixing for Dad’s birthday dinner?”
“You can’t do that,” Stephanie’s eyes opened wide in near panic, totally forgetting about the cake.  “For all you know, he could be a murderer or a rapist or…or…something.”
“Hmmm…fingers crossed,” Tiffany laughed before swinging open their bedroom door.  “Wish me luck,” she added, slamming it shut behind her.
“What am I going to do with you?” Stephanie sighed in exasperation as she moved across the room to the window in order to watch the train wreck.

~**~

Carefully running a cotton cloth along the frame of his BMW r1200gs to remove any fingerprints—real or imagined—Rick Lafferty studiously ignored the dark-headed girl approaching him from across the street, well aware of what she was bringing him…and why.  At times, he found himself cursing his extra-sensitive hearing, but not always.  
At least I’m prepared for an ambush this time, he thought, mentally shrugging in resignation.
He could tell by the conversation he’d overheard between the twin girls through their open bedroom window that the one bearing down on him certainly didn’t need any encouragement.  The girl’s comments to her twin made him feel uncomfortably like a piece of meat at the market.  
Unfortunately, he knew her type well.  Even though she was wearing an exercise outfit—and a skimpy one at that—her face was perfectly made-up and she hadn’t a hair out of place.  It was as if she were about to leave for a date instead of the gym.  
Way too high-maintenance, Rick decided, with no sense of appropriate behavior.  
If his brother Nick had been there instead of him, he wouldn’t have minded, but then Nick wasn’t looking for a life-long mate…just a good time with an attractive female.  Rick wasn’t even sure that the girl’s age would make any difference to his brother.  He’d probably repeat the same line the girl had about her almost being eighteen and date her anyway.
Once again, Rick cursed his bad luck.  His decision to take classes during the summer in order to catch up to his brother had sealed his fate.  While he was stuck there playing nursemaid to three giggly teenage girls, Nick had flown the jet—along with Blake and his handpicked team—to England where all the action was taking place.  The Pack finally had a location for at least one member of the Society and were about to embark on a rescue mission, but Rick was going to miss it all.
Although both Rick and Nick had opted to go for a Master’s at CGU after graduating with Bachelor’s degrees from Harvey Mudd—Nick in management and Rick in Economics—Nick had gotten ahead of him.  Rick had an unexpected complication and had been forced to lay low for a semester.  
A girl he’d dated exactly once had taken exception to his polite dismissal of her and had, in a jealous rage, tried to stab another girl that Rick frequently met in the library for study sessions.  The rejected girl had walked right up behind Rick and Abigail, Rick’s study partner, and pulled out a knife, barely leaving any time for Rick to react.  He’d managed to slip between the two girls just in time so, instead of hitting her target, the lunatic had plunged the knife right into Rick’s gut.  After subduing the crazed female, Rick had then been forced to pretend to be near death’s door.  Blake insisted that he return to his parents’ home in Washington State and ‘recuperate’ for the rest of the semester in order to avoid speculation.
That had put Rick behind in school, and he hadn’t dated since.
Not that he’d ever dated much to begin with.  Actually, Rick had yet to get past a first date with any girl.  Unlike his twin brother Nick, Rick had no desire to waste his time on any female that had no potential to be his mate.  He wanted his ‘one’…his ‘it’…and he wouldn’t settle for anything less.
Nick, on the other hand, had never met an attractive female he didn’t like.
“Hey!”
The bright perky voice grated on Rick’s ears after the quiet and relaxed atmosphere of the sleepy afternoon.  With most of the neighborhood either gone for the day or taking a nap, the street had a lazy feel to it that Rick appreciated.  
“Hey,” Rick returned indifferently realizing he had to nip the young girl’s interest in the bud.
“I’m Tiff,” she offered.
“Rick,” he replied curtly, standing back and surveying his handiwork with pride.
He always felt such a sense of accomplishment and well-being after he finished detailing.  
Rick’s father had inherited a couple of repair shops in Washington State and had grown the business into a rather large conglomerate that spread from Washington State down the coast and into California.  As soon as Nick and Rick were old enough, their father Rod, had run both of the boys through every possible job in the place.  The two of them had started with janitorial duties, worked their way through detailing, and on up to all types of repairs until they both knew everything there was to know about anything that had an engine and wheels.
Rod had even branched out into small aircraft once he discovered that his sons were interested in aviation.  All three of them had their pilot’s license and enjoyed flying, but Nick was the one who had fallen head over heels for it.
The parts Rick had enjoyed the most involved motorcycles.  He always took exclusive care of all of his bikes, never allowing anyone else to touch his babies…and he had a lot of them…ten at last count, although he’d only brought one with him to California.  The rest remained parked in a specially built climate-controlled building on his parents’ property in Washington State.
“I saw that you were all moved in and thought you might like a housewarming present…it’s chocolate cake.  I made it myself.”
Although he didn’t want to encourage her interest, at the same time, Rick had to at least pretend to be civil, so he refrained from calling her on the lie.  He knew from the conversation he’d overheard that the nicer sister, Stephanie, had made the cake.  If that sister had shown up with a piece of cake, Rick’s reception would have been much different.  She had sounded…well…interesting, and not as one-dimensional as Tiffany.  Apparently, she also knew a little bit about motorcycles.  That was impressive.
For a moment, Rick allowed himself to ponder how the girl holding the plate would respond if he insisted on using her full name and calling her on her lie, much like his mom always did when he and Nick were in trouble.  Rick’s guess was, not well…on either count.
Admittedly, ‘Tiff’ seemed an appropriate nickname for someone always causing trouble, and Rick was fairly certain the girl in his garage fit that description to a ‘T’.
Now Stephanie…that was a nice name and Rick decided right then and there to use it when he met her, not the silly abbreviated version everyone seemed to prefer.
As Tiffany held out the foil-covered plate, Rick could actually smell the cake underneath and his mouth salivated.  Apparently, Stephanie knew her way around a kitchen.  He appreciated that in a woman.
Girl, he reminded himself sternly, a seventeen-year-old girl…with a motorcycle-loving, guitar-playing boyfriend named Tommy.
Reaching for the plate, he carefully kept his hands away from Tiffany’s as he offered a quick, “Thanks.”
“You’re welcome,” Tiffany said smiling brightly.  “So, is this a BMW?” she asked casually, reaching out towards his bike. 
“Don’t touch it,” Rick barked before realizing how rude the command sounded.
“Wow…just wow!” Tiffany exclaimed, turning to stare at Rick in disbelief.  “You’re a jerk.”
Snatching the plate back from his unresisting fingers, Tiffany huffed her displeasure and stomped out of the garage.  As she stormed back across the street, Rick could hear her muttering obscenities under her breath, calling him just about every name in the book.
“See you in a few hours,” Rick murmured humorously as he reached towards the garage door opener he kept in a secure place on his bike.
As he pushed the button, Rick heard smothered laughter, which drew his eyes across the street and up to the girls’ open bedroom window.  For a brief second his gaze met amused dark brown eyes similar to Tiffany’s, but somehow…different.  In the scant second he had before she was lost to view, Rick couldn’t help himself…he winked at her.
Even though she probably couldn’t see him clearly, he had no problem making out her features…so similar to Tiffany’s, yet so different…and he felt a slight stirring in his blood as they shared the joke.  True, it was at her sister’s expense, but somehow neither of them seemed to care.  For a brief moment, he regretted the garage door blocking his view of her.
Shrugging away the weird feeling, Rick began to stow his equipment and supplies.

~**~

Stephanie watched as her twin grabbed the plate away from the good-looking guy across the street and could stop neither the grin that spread across her face nor the laughter that bubbled up inside of her as Tiffany threw a temper tantrum all the way back home.  Although she had no idea what had been said between the two of them, Stephanie possessed quite a vivid imagination…and it was running rampant.
She made no effort to stop it.
In the most realistic scenario, the man simply told Tiffany to get lost.  The second possibility was a bit less likely—okay, a lot less likely—but one Stephanie liked better.  In that one, the sexy hunk asked Tiffany about the beauty in the window across the street, gazing up at said beauty longingly.  Stephanie’s very favorite, however, was the one where the golden Adonis look-a-like professed his undying love for Stephanie in front of her sister, insisting on an introduction.  
No matter the scenario, for once Stephanie got the guy instead of Tiffany.
Yeah…right…like that would ever happen.
Even her best friend, Tommy, preferred her twin.  Not that Stephanie had any designs on Tommy…she didn’t…but sometimes it bothered her that every guy she’d ever known had dumped her for her sister.  It just didn’t seem fair.
Of course, Stephanie never blamed Tiffany.  It wasn’t Tiffany’s fault that boys preferred her to her boring twin.
Sighing heavily, Stephanie swung her attention back to the man in the garage, wondering how he was taking her sister’s abrupt departure.  She couldn’t see his face as clearly as she would have liked, but somehow her vivid imagination took over there, too.  Stephanie decided that not only was he laughing with her, but was that a wink that he shot her before the garage door obscured her vision…?
She certainly hoped so.
Stephanie waited for Tiffany to return to the room, but when she heard the bathroom door slam, she knew that wasn’t happening…not for a while.  Whenever Tiffany was upset about something, she either took off running or she’d lock herself in the bathroom and soak in the tub.  Whichever it was, she was always unreachable for hours.
Sighing in resignation, Stephanie made her way down to the kitchen to see how much damage Tiffany had wrought on the cake.
The foil-covered plate, which had been tossed onto the counter without regard to where it would land, had of course, landed on one of the stove burners.  Thankfully, the stove was off, but the heat from the oven where the potatoes still baked had seeped up through the plate and reheated the cake and frosting.
As Stephanie carefully removed the foil—wondering all the while how Tiffany had found said foil as she never seemed to be able to find anything in the kitchen—her heart sank.  The melted mess in front of her hardly qualified as a piece of cake and Tiffany hadn’t skimped on the frosting.  She’d used a good third of it, which left very little to frost the rest of the cake.
Sticking the plate in the freezer, Stephanie prayed that the piece of cake would at least congeal enough to stuff it back into the gaping hole Tiffany had left.
An hour later, realizing the cake was as good as it would get, Stephanie checked the potatoes in the oven before resignedly climbing the stairs to their shared room hoping to shake her depression by losing herself in Ivanhoe.

Chapter 15

“Your pocket is vibrating the chairs,” Cynthia whispered.  “You’re terribly popular today.”
“What can I say, I’m the birthday boy,” Trey said, pulling his cell out of his back pants pocket and glancing at the caller ID.  “I have to take this…cover for me?”
At Cynthia’s nod, Trey slid out of the darkened auditorium, thankful he’d possessed the forethought to grab two seats at the end of a row.
“Brit, is everything okay?”
“Happy Birthday, Dad.”
“It sure is now that you’ve called, sweetheart.”
“I guess you’re having your usual cookout tonight along with the requisite German chocolate cake.”
“Yep…Steph should have it done by now.”
“Not Mom…?”
“With Bruce and Alicia leaving this morning and teacher in-service taking all day today, she didn’t have time.”
“Oh, I’m so sorry…I didn’t mean to interrupt you at work.”
“It’s fine…Mom’s covering for me.  Besides, I’m here every year so it’s all old hat for me.  Are you okay?  You don’t sound like…well…like yourself.”
“I’m alright, I guess.  It’s just that everything is…is…I don’t know…it’s wrong.  Mom shouldn’t have to teach summer school…and the girls…and I’ve messed everybody’s summer up so badly…”
“Don’t talk like that, sweetheart.  None of this is your fault.”
“It’s all my fault.  I’m the one that…”
“I say it’s not and that’s that.  I will not hear another word about it.”
“Hey…what do you think this is…your birthday or something…?” Brit asked in a weak attempt at humor.
“It is and so my word is law…at least for today.”
“Just because Mom gives you permission to be the boss one day out of the year, don’t let it go to your head.”
“How did my children get to be such smart alecks?”
“We got it honestly.”
“Can’t argue with that,” Trey chuckled.  “Another thing I know is that we’re going to miss you tonight.”
“I wish I could be there…” she broke off and Trey waited for her to regain her composure, knowing how Brit hated to show emotion in front of other people…even over the phone.
“So,” she continued a few deep breaths later, “forty-five…practically in your dotage.”
“How is it you even know that word?”
“When you hang around bookworms like Steph and Dee…”
Once more, Trey simply bided his time while Brit dealt with her haywire emotions at the mention of Dee.  By the overwrought tone in her voice, Trey could tell that something was up, and he suspected what it was, but it wasn’t his place to start that conversation.  However, he could give her an opening and then let her decide if she wanted to discuss it or not.
“Have you heard anything from Jay?” Trey asked.
“Dr. Minsk won’t let me call him and Blake won’t let him call me.”
“That must be hard on you.”
“Harder than you know,” he heard Brit mutter under her breath before continuing, “I’m sure he’s alright, though.”
And that’s my cue.
“I’m certain he is or else you would know right away.”
“You…um…I guess you’ve heard about the…er…”
“Special connection…?” Trey supplied.  “I lived through it with Alicia before she and Bruce finally got married.”
“What do you mean, finally?”
“My parents weren’t thrilled with their eighteen-year-old daughter dating a twenty-seven year old man and they refused to let her marry him until she was twenty-one.  They thought he was just a phase she was going through.”
“But she was an adult,” Brit said in surprise.  “Besides, I thought Aunt Alicia told me she was nineteen when she married.”
“Bruce was living on the east coast while Alicia was finishing up high school on the west coast so after suffering through Alicia’s mood swings for the rest of her senior year, my parents reconsidered and practically begged Bruce to marry her as soon as possible.”
“Knowing that, why would you have even mentioned Jay and me waiting to marry?”
“What can I say…?” Trey asked ruefully.  “I’ve become my parents.”
“I suppose Alicia told them about…um…you know…”
“Actually, she told me at their funeral that she never did.  She didn’t think that they’d understand.”
“They died in an accident right after David and Peter were born, didn’t they?”
“Yes, they were on their way back from seeing Sheila’s boys for the first time so they never got to see any of Alicia’s boys or my girls.”
“How did Alicia explain her extreme emotional issues to them?”
“She didn’t…she just let them come up with their own answers.”
“But she confided in you…?”
“Since I already knew about Bruce, she decided I was the only one she could talk to and so she did.  I learned more about Bruce’s daily emotional status than I ever wanted to know,” Trey admitted chuckling.  “He had a rough time with the separation…it wasn’t pretty.”
“It’s so hard, Dad,” Brit said with a break in her voice.  “I feel things that I recognize, like when he must be worried or angry about something, but I don’t have any idea why or what’s going on and I get so frustrated.”
“You don’t have to be a silent observer, you know.”
“What do you mean?”
“Jay can feel your emotions as much as you can feel his, so whenever he’s angry or worried, you can be a calming influence on him.”
“A calming influence…?  You do know we’re talking about me here…right?  Jay’s the calm one.  I’m the one all over the place.”
“Take some deep breaths, just like you do when you don’t want someone to know you’re about to cry…”
“I don’t cry!” Brit objected.
“Exactly!  Do whatever it takes to let Jay know that you’re okay and that you’re there for him.  I know Jay is very laid back about most things—and, as you know, so is Bruce—but when it comes to their mates, that isn’t the case.”
“I just wish I could talk to him.”
“Before I forget, I need to tell you something,” Trey said, hoping to distract Brit from thoughts of Jay.
“Okay, shoot…”
“I spoke to Liza today.”
“Are they coming over tonight for your birthday?”
“No, they have a charity event for the free clinic Garth supports.”
“A charity event…that’s one of his soap boxes,” Brit laughed.  “I bet he’s not feeling the love right about now.”
“I’m betting you’re right,” Trey agreed, relieved that his strategy worked.  “Liza is concerned that she hasn’t been able to actually talk to Dee in quite a while.”
“I knew that would happen.  Do you think I should call them?”
“I’m afraid that might make things worse.  You know they’ll demand to talk to Dee and you’re not the world’s best liar…in fact, you’re probably the world’s worst.”
“I do tend to tell it like it is,” Brit admitted.  “But what if I tell enough truth to satisfy them without actually lying?”
“What do you have in mind?”
“Dee and Freddie really liked each other before all the…uh…you know…the bad stuff, so maybe I could tell them that she is in England at Freddie’s house…or she was the last time I heard.  That would be the truth as far as we know.”
“Isn’t that the boy in a coma?  That could backfire.”
“True…if he ends up dying, that would be hard to explain.”
“We don’t want anything we say to come back and…”
“Bite us in the butt?”
“I was going for something a bit less…er…graphic, but that’s the general idea.  I think it best if we say nothing for now.  We don’t want to make an already bad situation worse.”
“Oh my gosh!  I just thought of something.  What if Dee’s mom calls me?”
“That might be a problem later, but right now, they have some other stuff going on, so I doubt we’ll have to worry about that for a while.”
“What kind of stuff?”
“Just…stuff…”
“Uh huh…I’m going to take a stab in the dark and say it involves Blake.”
“So, anyway, I have to get back before your mom sends out a search party.”
“And I say again…chicken man…”
“That’s not a nice thing to call your father on his birthday.”
“If the beak fits, chicken man, if the beak fits…”

~**~

“Knock knock,” Sam said as she stuck her head around the door, “anybody home?”
“Sam!” Stephanie exclaimed, setting her book on the bed and sitting up.  “Are you okay?  Where have you been all day?  I was worried about you.”
“It was our last chance to hang out and play some b-ball before we went our separate ways so Roger and I rounded up all the senior varsity players and spent the day at Merry’s house.  She’s got the best outdoor court.”
“I was afraid you’d miss Dad’s party.”
“I said I’d be here for it, Steph.”
“I know…I’m sorry.  I just want Dad’s birthday to turn out well.  I’ve never done all the planning by myself and I don’t want to stress Mom out any more than she already is.”
“No, I’m the one who should be sorry, Steph,” Samantha corrected with a stricken look on her face.  “I should have come home earlier to help, but it never crossed my mind.”
“It’s fine, Sam.  That’s just me obsessing.  You know I’m a perfectionist.”
“So where is everybody?  When I left yesterday, the house was packed full of people and now it feels deserted.”
“That’s how it always feels when Uncle Bruce has left the building,” Stephanie laughed.
“Oh, I forgot they were leaving this morning.  Did they get off okay?”
“They did…they understood you had a lot going on so they said to tell you ‘bye’.”
“I’ll shoot Aunt Alicia an email tomorrow to make up for it.”
“She’ll appreciate that.”
“Where’s everybody else?”
“Tiff’s in the bathroom…”
“As usual…” Samantha muttered.
“And Mom’s resting,” Stephanie continued, ignoring the comment even while she silently agreed with it. 
“I’ll bet it was a long and tiring day for her.”
“It was,” Stephanie nodded.  “I wish she didn’t feel like she had to teach summer school.  I hate that she’ll be missing out on doing stuff around the house like she usually does.”
“I know what you mean…she loves her summers,” Samantha agreed.  “So, where’s the birthday boy?”
“He’s out in his building getting things ready for grilling.”
“Ah…his specialty,” Samantha grinned.  “Anything I can do to help?”
“Nope…it’s all good,” Stephanie assured her.  “You look beat.  Why don’t you grab a nap while you can and I’ll make sure you’re up in time.”
“When’s supper?”
“Eight o’clock, give or take.”
“Don’t worry about me, I’ll set an alarm…after I traipse back downstairs to use the half-bath, that is,” Samantha grumbled.  “September can’t come too soon for me.”
Sighing in resignation, Stephanie had to agree.  As long as they were all living in the same house, Tiffany would continue to cause conflict between her and everyone else and it always fell to Stephanie to keep the peace, which usually came out looking like she was taking Tiffany’s side against the rest of the family.
As Stephanie headed downstairs to check on the potatoes—as well as the pitiful birthday cake—she wished she didn’t always feel responsible for Tiffany.  It seemed as they aged, Tiffany’s transgressions worsened, making it more difficult for Stephanie to, in all good conscience, support and defend her.
“Maybe when we get to college it will get better,” Stephanie said aloud as she pushed open the kitchen door.
Taking one look at the mudslide that was her Dad’s birthday cake, she conceded, “Probably not.”
Sighing in resignation, she once more set about trying to make the pitiful dessert look presentable even though she knew it was an exercise in futility.

Chapter 16

“Hey Tanner,” Stephanie smiled as she stepped back and opened the front door wider in order to allow her cousin to enter.
Even though she hadn’t seen him recently and he’d grown…a lot…Stephanie would have known him anywhere.
“Hey…um…”
“I’m Steph.”
“Right…Steph…” he mumbled, obviously embarrassed.  “Sorry about that.  I guess I got your scents…er…your perfumes mixed-up.”
“Well, from now on, just remember that I don’t wear any.  Anyway, don’t worry about it.  We’re identical twins…nobody can tell us apart unless they know us well and only then because of the way we dress, so if you mix up our names, it’s no biggie.  I promise if we were to switch outfits, we’d fool our own parents and you haven’t seen us in…what’s it been…?”
“I think it was my Freshman year in high school.”
“That would have been eighth grade for us, so that sounds about right.  You and your brothers never came back with your parents after that.”
“What can I say…we’re guys…and besides, your family could have come to New York to visit us.”
“Hmm…let me see…four kids on two teacher’s salaries versus three kids on an uptown New York lawyer’s salary.  Need I say more…?”
“Okay,” he grinned, “I’ll let you off the hook…for now.”
“Gee thanks.”
“Anytime.”
“Watch your head,” Stephanie suggested as she waved him into the living room. “The fan hangs down too low.”
“Thanks for the warning,” he chuckled, ducking under the globe.  “Doesn’t Uncle Trey have problems with it?  He’s tall…”
“I think you have a couple of inches on his 6 feet.  Just how tall are you anyway?”
“Somewhere around 6’2” last time I was measured.”
“And you’ve filled out,” Stephanie noted.  “You used to be so skinny.  I’m guessing the girls are beating down your door now.”
“Girls don’t usually notice me with Conn and Spence around.  Every one I’ve dated seems to think I’m the runt of the litter.”
“If you’re the runt, just how tall are they?”
“They both have at least two or three inches on me.”
“Oh well…in that case, you’re absolutely the runt,” Stephanie laughed.  “I thought Connor and Spencer were off at college or something.  How could they still be interfering with your love life?”
“Conn just finished law school and Spence finally managed to graduate from college, but they were home a lot on the weekends.  Especially, whenever I had a date.”
“They aren’t planning to follow you here, are they?”
“Nah, they’re off backpacking in Europe before Conn joins Dad’s firm as a first year associate and Spence goes off to med school.”
“Then you have a clear playing field, and I can tell you right now, the girls will be jumping your bones.”
“Maybe,” Tanner shrugged, “but I doubt it.  I’m definitely not ‘jump-your-bones’ material.”
“I don’t believe that,” Stephanie reproached as she sat on the couch.  
“Believe it,” Tanner grimaced as he joined her.  “I’m a closet Sci-fi nerd slash geek, which doesn’t go over well with the female portion of the species once they find out about it.
“For what it’s worth, I think nerd-geeks are cool and I have no idea why anyone would call you a runt.  I mean, I’ve gotta say…you’re pretty hot…for a cousin, that is.”
“Thanks, Cuz,” Tanner chuckled, “you’re not too bad yourself.”
“You know, we’re kinda in the same boat.”
“What boat is that?  And is it motor or oars?”
“Oars, I’m afraid,” she sighed.  “Nobody notices me with Tiff around.”
“But you said earlier that you look exactly alike.”
“Apparently, I don’t wear enough make-up or the right kinds of clothes…and I read too much,” Stephanie shrugged.  “I’m definitely the boring twin.”
“At the risk of being a copycat, for what it’s worth, I like girls who read, and you don’t sound boring at all to me.”
“Now that’s what we both needed today, a mutual admiration society.”
“I agree,” Tanner grinned.  “So, where’s everybody else?”
“I think I heard Sam and Mom talking upstairs in Sam’s room, Tiff is…well, who knows where she is, I haven’t seen her since she took up residence in the bathroom hours ago, and Dad is in the backyard grilling.”
“He’s cooking on his birthday?”
“I did all the inside stuff, so all he has to do is grill the steaks, and he loves doing that so…happy birthday to him.”
“Right…I remember,” Tanner nodded, “Conn and Spence helped him build a building with an attached outdoor kitchen that last year that we were here.”
“You helped, too.”
“Nah, I was the gopher.  My brothers are the ones that got to use the tools…I was just there to hand things to them.”
“You still helped, and it turned out great.”
“It was pretty cool,” Tanner agreed as he stood up.  “Well, I’m not that talented with power tools, but I can grill a decent steak, so if you don’t mind, I’ll go see if I can lend a hand.”
“Dad will enjoy that,” Stephanie nodded her agreement.  “The two of you can catch up.”

~**~

“Tanner,” Trey said taking off his grilling glove and reaching out to shake hands, “It’s good to see you.”
“Uncle Trey,” Tanner grinned and pulled him into a hug instead, “it’s good to see you, too.  Been a while.”
“Too long,” Trey agreed.  “Where’s your cousin Joey?  I thought he was coming tonight.”
“My brothers are cutting their European backpacking trip short because of the…you know…but they won’t be able to make it home until Monday or Tuesday, so Joey’s hanging around until then to keep an eye on Mom while Dad’s at work.”
“You don’t know how much I appreciate…”
“Don’t even,” Tanner interrupted.  “This affects us all and there’s no way I’m about to let anything happen to my only girl cousins.  They’re special.”
“Thanks,” Trey said clearing his throat as emotion gripped him hard.  “We love you guys, too.”
“So how does it feel to be a year older?”
“Even though it might be difficult for you to understand, being only eighteen and all, it actually feels like I’ve aged ten years over the past week and a half what with all the stress.”
“Hard to believe this is all happening,” Tanner agreed.  “But I have to say, you don’t look any older than the last time I was here so you’re wearing that extra ten years pretty well.”
“Very tactfully put…sounds like you might have a future as an attorney.”
“Well, it is your birthday and Mom told me to be on my best behavior so even implying that you’re looking old would be a huge no-no.”
“The next time we talk, I’ll be sure and let my sister know how nice you were to the old man.”
“Brownie points,” Tanner grinned, “I’m likin’ it.”
“If you’re interested in brownie points, how about you help me with the steaks?”
“That’s what I’m here for,” Tanner said, pretending to roll up non-existent sleeves.  “Anything to do with food, and I’m there.  Let’s get to grilling.”

~**~

“Steaks are done, Steph.”
“Great, Dad…thanks,” Stephanie returned with a delighted smile.  “Just cover the plate with foil and set it on the stove.  The heat from the oven will keep them warm.”
“That reminds me, is the oven acting up?”
“Not at all…why do you ask.”
“Um…well…no reason…” Trey backtracked.
“What he means, but is too tactful to say, is what the heck happened to make that cake look so lopsided and sort of…well…melty,” Tanner offered with a huge grin.  “You know, I can help even it out.  It looks like the frosting is dribbling out in a couple of spots like that one right…there,” he added as he scooped a glob of frosting off the edge of the cake plate and stuck it in his mouth.  “Hmm…tastes delicious.” 
“The oven’s fine, Dad, it was just a small mishap with the frosting,” Stephanie hedged as she made a last ditch effort to get the cake and frosting to stay in place.  “I guess I didn’t let it cool enough before I tried to frost it.  I’ll work on it some more.”
“Looks like more than a small mishap,” Tanner chuckled.  “I think a mouse got into it.”
“Or a rat,” Stephanie muttered before turning around to face Tanner and her dad.  “There, as good as new.”
“It looks great, munchkin,” her dad smiled and planted a kiss on her forehead, obviously lying through his teeth.  “And I’m sure it will taste like heaven.”
“I hope so,” Stephanie sighed in resignation as the doorbell sounded.
“Ah…right on time.”
“Are we expecting more company?”
“Don’t worry about it,” Dad called over his shoulder as he strode through the swinging door and out of the kitchen.  “I’ll get it.”
“He’ll get it,” Tanner repeated, sneaking past Stephanie to nab more recalcitrant cake and frosting mixture.
“Behave yourself,” Stephanie said slapping his hand.  “Go sit in the living room while I clean up.”
“Hey, I’m just trying to help you clean up,” Tanner protested as he attempted to reach the rest of the glob.
“Go,” Stephanie said shoving him out of the kitchen.

~**~

“You’re Tiff…right…?” Tanner asked as he joined Stephanie’s look-a-like on the couch.  “I’m Tanner.”
“Yeah, I remember you,” Tiffany said as she lazily thumbed through a fashion magazine.
“So, who’s at the door?” he asked, glancing towards the voices in the foyer.
“Don’t know, don’t care,” she replied with more than a hint of boredom in her voice.
“Guys are idiots,” Tanner murmured shaking his head.
“Did you say something you expected me to care about?”
“Nope…just talking to myself.”
“Well talk quieter…I’m reading.”
“I can see how reading a fashion magazine would take a lot of concentration.”
Continuing to flip through the magazine, Tiffany simply ignored him.  She’d never cared much for any of her cousins and that wasn’t about to change any time soon.  The three insufferable pigs always ate them out of house and home when they visited, not to mention taking up the whole downstairs with their sleeping bags, and thought it was a riot to taunt her at every turn.  Basically, she’d grown up hating their guts and was more than happy for that to continue.
Although Tanner had to admit that Tiffany was gorgeous, he much preferred her twin’s more natural look…and he definitely preferred Stephanie’s personality.  He and his brothers had teased all four girls, but Tiffany was the only one that had ever taken offense.  Brit had pounded them, Sam had rough-housed with them, and Stephanie’s quiet laughs and smiles had delighted all three boys, egging them on even more, but Tiffany had always been angry.
Deciding that trying to keep a conversation going with Miss Hoity Toity was a losing battle, Tanner turned his attention to the voices in the hallway that he had no trouble hearing.  By the scent alone, he knew the guest his uncle had invited was a member of the Pack—one he’d never met before—and to say he was curious was an understatement.  Besides the cousins on his dad’s side of the family, Tanner hadn’t met very many Pack members…an edict from Blake, the Pack’s Alpha, for safety reasons…and he was looking forward to it.
“Sorry it took me so long to get to the door,” Trey was saying.  “Tanner and I just finished grilling the steaks and were dropping them off in the kitchen for Steph when we heard the doorbell.”
“No worries…I’m just pleased that you invited me.  Tanner…?  Would that be Tanner Reinhart…?  Your sister’s youngest?”
“Yep…I figured this would be a good time for you to meet him and the rest of the family all at the same time.  Did you get settled in?”
“Got my bike all fixed up, so I’m good.”
“First things first,” Trey chuckled as he led his guest out of the foyer and into the living room.  “Come on in and I’ll introduce you to…”
“Dad!” Tiffany screeched, jumping off the couch.  “What is he doing here?”
“Rick is our new across-the-street neighbor,” Trey answered, puzzlement obvious in his voice.  “Is there a problem?”
“Yeah, there’s a problem…the guy’s a total jerk.  Make him leave.”
“I invited him…he’s staying.”
“I’m afraid your daughter’s reaction to me is my fault,” Rick shrugged apologetically.  “She brought over a piece of chocolate cake that she’d baked and I’m afraid that I was unintentionally rude.”
“Tiff doesn’t bake,” Trey said scratching his head in confusion.  “I’m not even sure she knows where the kitchen is.”
“Dad!”
“Really…?” Rick’s lips twisted in amusement as he watched the girl turn an interesting shade of red.  “Perhaps I misunderstood.  Anyway, I didn’t actually get to taste the cake before she snatched it back, so…”
“Tiffany Ann Macintosh,” Cynthia Macintosh admonished as she reached the bottom of the stairs, “You should have asked your sister if you could take a piece.  German chocolate is a very difficult cake to make and she worked hard on it.”
“So you’re the rat that got into the cake without permission,” Tanner grinned.  “Your dad and I wondered what happened to it.  I have to say, it doesn’t look like you put forth much effort into hiding your transgression.  It was kinda pitiful, even though Steph was doing her level best to fix it.”
In the kitchen, standing just the other side of the swinging door and listening to the conversation from the living room, Stephanie debated…should she leave her sister to be hanged by the lynch mob or should she intervene?  Once more she found herself in the uncomfortable position of defending her sister against the rest of the world, even though Tiffany brought most things on herself—like taking a piece of cake without permission and lying about baking it—but somehow Stephanie couldn’t seem to help rising to her defense.
“Oh, Tiff,” Stephanie sighed softly, “I love you dearly, but you drive me nuts.”
In the living room, while the conversation flowed around him unheeded, Rick heard the quietly spoken statement and his heart sped up in an alarming manner.  He recognized that voice from earlier, although it was much closer and clearer than it had been from his position in the garage.  It was the voice of the twin he’d liked…the one he’d winked at…the one he’d felt more than a passing interest in…
The one that’s only seventeen years old, he reminded himself, and has a boyfriend named Tommy to boot.
Apparently, not much of a deterrent, he admitted ruefully to himself.
Glancing around, he was thankful that the barely perceptible hitch in his breath and his increased heart rate had gone unnoticed by the general populace.
As his eyes met the amused gaze of one member of the group, however, he realized that someone had noticed…the only Pack member in the room…Trey’s nephew, Tanner Reinhart.  
Tanner, who had also heard the almost inaudible comment from the kitchen, glanced pointedly in that direction then raised an eyebrow at Rick questioningly, but Rick had no attention to spare as his focus zeroed in on the slowly opening door.
Reluctantly pushing open the swinging door, Stephanie plastered a smile on her face and said in the general direction of the stairs, “It’s okay, Mom…I knew about it.  It was the neighborly thing to do.”
Glancing in Tiffany’s direction, she caught her sister’s three blinks and quickly blinked her own three in return, their secret code for ‘thanks’ and ‘welcome’.  
“Humph,” was her mother’s only reply.
Relieved that her mother seemed willing to drop it, Stephanie released a long slow breath.  Even though she hadn’t lied—she’d simply put together two separately stated facts—Stephanie hated what she considered lying by implication.
"Everything’s ready, so…” Stephanie began as she glanced around the room, smiling.
“Hey, don’t start without me…I don’t want to miss anything,” Samantha protested from the top of the stairs just as Stephanie’s eyes met the impossibly gorgeous golden eyes of the sexiest man in the universe.  
It was the new neighbor from across the street.
Stephanie had only thought he was good-looking from a distance.  Up close, he totally took her breath away.  Eyes wide in wonder, everything around her seemed to fade away and nothing else mattered except the two golden orbs holding hers captive.  Stephanie had never understood how anyone could drown in someone else’s eyes, a phrase she’d often ridiculed in romance novels, but that was exactly how she felt…as if she’d been submerged in water and all sounds were muted and impossible to decipher.  She was barely breathing and, even though a part of her knew she should somehow force her lungs into motion, it was as if every bit of oxygen had been sucked out of the room.
“Everybody…this is Rick, our new neighbor from across the street,” Trey announced in a loud voice, noticing his normally level-headed daughter’s mesmerized state and hoping to shake her out of it.
The same thing had happened when his girls had met Jay, Brit’s new mate, during the only trip the family had been able to make to see her at Berkeley.  Finding out that Jay was one of Blake’s Pack had put a whole new twist on that visit.  Every one of his girls had been spellbound.  Apparently, his daughters were extremely susceptible to that special group of males.  
Trey didn’t quite know how he should feel about that.
Turning to his new acquaintance with an amused smile on his face, Trey’s whole body froze in shock and his face lost any trace of humor, as well as color, taking in the matching bemused expression on Rick’s face.  He knew that look…had seen it on the faces of his sister Alicia and her husband Bruce the day they met…and he knew exactly what it meant.
This can’t be happening…not to my little girls…this isn’t happening…I can’t lose half my family all within a couple of weeks…
But it was happening, and Trey had no choice but to accept it.  Even though Stephanie was only seventeen, she’d met her mate, and there wasn’t a thing in the world that he could do about it.  The fact that Stephanie wasn’t technically an adult meant nothing.
Trey had to admit, albeit reluctantly, that Stephanie was mature for her age.  In fact, he’d always thought that, in a lot of ways, she was the most mature out of all of his girls—probably due to the responsibility she felt towards her younger, more immature twin—but that didn’t make the situation any easier to swallow.
Meeting the concerned eyes of his nephew, all Trey could do was shrug helplessly.  Of course, Tanner would realize what was going on.  The sympathetic smile on Tanner’s face all but destroyed the fragile hold Trey had on his emotions, but he managed to regain control before his wife realized something was going on and demanded to know what it was.  That explanation would have to wait until they were alone.
Trey had put off telling Cynthia about Brit and Jay telling himself that he had plenty of time, but with a second daughter involved, that was no longer the case.
Tiffany couldn’t believe her eyes…not only was Stephanie gawking at the rude and obnoxious neighbor, but he was gawking right back.  She had to do something and fast.  Quickly covering the few feet that separated the two of them, Tiffany viciously tugged on her sister’s arm.
“Hey…idiot…you’re making a fool of yourself over that jerk,” she hissed in her twin’s ear.  “Pull yourself together.”
It was no use…no matter how hard she yanked, she couldn’t seem to tear Stephanie’s gaze away from the tall, blonde, golden-eyed hottie from across the street.  
As he stood there practically paralyzed, Rick felt as if he’d been gut-punched.  The incredibly delicious dark-chocolate eyes of the beautiful girl in front of him seemed to reach deep into his soul and touch something that had remained dormant since birth.  He couldn’t look away, no matter how hard he tried, even though he knew that at least three people in the room had noticed his involuntary gaping.  
One of them, Stephanie’s cousin Tanner, would understand…being a Pack member himself.  The second one, the witchy twin, obviously had no intention of even attempting to understand.  The third, Stephanie’s father…well…Rick didn’t dare think about how he was reacting.
Tiffany’s hurtful whisper spurred Rick into action.  The instinct to protect the fragile girl holding his whole future in her small but capable hands—not only from her own twin, but from everything and everyone else on the planet that might ever want to hurt her—was stronger than anything he had ever experienced in his life.  The pull of possessiveness he’d only heard about up to that point, shocked him to his very core even while he reveled in it.  This girl…this Stephanie…was his and he would do whatever it took to ensure her safety and well-being.
Of course, first he should probably let Stephanie in on the secret.  The two of them had a lot of talking to do and he would have to be patient and let Stephanie get to know him so she could make her own decision without any undue coercion from him.
Without realizing how it had happened, Rick found himself planted directly in front of Stephanie.  Reaching down, he carefully took the girl’s tiny right hand in his larger one, firmly released her from her sister’s less than gentle grip, and lifted it to his lips, planting a kiss on the back of it.
“I’m Rick,” he murmured softly.
“Oh pulleeze,” Tiffany snorted.  “You can’t possibly…”
“Shut up, Tiff,” Tanner ordered as he grasped her upper arm and pulled her away from her sister.
“Let’s eat,” Trey suggested in as cheery a voice as he could manage, moving around the engrossed couple and taking his wife’s arm as he headed towards the kitchen, beckoning Samantha to follow.  “It’s such a pleasant night that I thought we could eat outside.”
“Trey,” Cynthia knit her brow in confusion, “what’s going on?  Does Stephanie already know our new neighbor?  I thought Tiffany was the one who took him the piece of cake…”
“I’ll explain later,” Trey sighed as he slid his arm around her shoulders and pulled her towards him.  “For now, let’s just enjoy the night, the steak, and the cake.  Tomorrow will be soon enough to speak of unpleasant things.”
“What unpleasant things?” Samantha piped up.  “And where in the world did Steph uncover that fine specimen of manhood?”
“Not you, too,” Trey groaned as he led them into the kitchen.
“Not me, too…what?”
“Here, make yourself useful, Sam…grab the platter of steaks and take it out to the picnic table.  Cynthia, why don’t you pull the green salad and the tray of fixings for the baked potatoes out of the fridge while I get the potatoes out of the oven.  We can nab the paper plates and stuff on the next trip.”
“Let go of me!” Trey heard Tiffany demand as Tanner pulled her along after him, headed outside.
“What in heaven’s name is going on with Tiffany and Tanner?” Cynthia asked in vexation after the two moved passed her and into the backyard.  “Has the world gone totally bonkers while I’ve been stuck in an in-service all day?”
“I hear you,” Samantha agreed.  “I was only gone overnight, but I seem to have missed a whole bunch of drama.  I mean, I didn’t even get a chance to say hi to Tanner.”
Tanner hustled Tiffany through the kitchen and outside before she had a chance to say any more.  Although Tanner would have preferred to help with the food—much more congenial company—he couldn’t risk allowing his obnoxious cousin to run free wreaking havoc on her sister.  Stephanie and her future mate needed time to recover from the emotional turmoil of their first meeting.
“Thanks,” Rick’s softly spoken word reached Tanner’s ears.
“You owe me,” Tanner murmured back.  “Be good to her.”
“I intend to.”
Tanner kept moving until he was sure he was out of earshot of his fellow Pack member in the living room before he stopped and turned towards the spitting feline he hadn’t yet released.  It was time to give Tiffany a dose of much needed reality…and he was just the one to do it.

~**~

“Did you say something?” Stephanie asked.
She’d seen Rick’s mouth move, but after telling her his name, she hadn’t been able to make out any of his words.  All she could do was stare into his eyes, something she’d always laughed at as being too corny, but couldn’t seem to help at that moment.
She wasn’t laughing anymore.
“You’re Stephanie.”
“I am…?  I mean, I am…I’m Stephanie,” she stammered.  “And you…you’re Rick.”
“I am,” he nodded.  “Now that we have the introductions out of the way…”
“Did you wink at me earlier today?” Stephanie burst out.  “Oh my gosh…I don’t know why I just asked that…”
“I did wink at you,” Rick smiled, “But I wasn’t sure you could see it.”
“Why can’t I look away,” she whispered.  “I know I should, but I can’t.”
“I can’t either.”
“Why?”
“Why what?”
“Why can’t you look away either?”
“You sound surprised.”
“Things like this don’t happen to me…I’m not Tiff.”
“Well, now they do…and I for one am glad that you’re not Tiff.”
“You are?”
“Very glad.”
“What’s happening to me?”
“To us…Stephanie…not just you…to us.”
“You feel it, too?”
“I feel it, too, sweetheart, and I’d like nothing better than to hide out here the rest of the evening and get to know you better, but we have a birthday party to attend, so I’m afraid that will have to wait.”
“Just a few more minutes…?  I have so many questions…so much I want to know about you…” Stephanie paused to catch her breath.  “Oh my gosh!  We just met and I’m acting like a crazed stalker girl.  Do I sound like a crazed stalker girl?  I’m so sorry.  I don’t mean to, but I can’t seem to stop myself.”
“I don’t mind,” Rick smiled and squeezed her hand.  “I think we might have five minutes to spare so ask away.”
“Um…well, first of all, just how old are you…?”

Chapter 17

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana

“Hey, Mrs. Minsk.”
“Brittany,” the woman in the chair next to Freddie’s bed greeted her as she deposited her book on the nightstand, “come in…and please, call me Dawn.”
“Okay, Dawn…and you can call me Brit.  How…how is he?”
“He seems to be resting comfortably, but for some reason still hasn’t regained consciousness.”
 “Oh.”
“I hear that your riding lessons are going well.”
“Not sure I would go that far,” Brit shrugged, “but at least Sandy is doing what I want her to do most of the time and I’m not as afraid of falling now.”
“That’s very good.”
“Mrs. Minsk…I mean, Dawn…I was wondering…would it be alright…I mean, could I…?”
“Could you…?”
“I thought maybe I could sit with Freddie so you could…you know…take a break.”
“That’s very considerate of you, Brit, but are you certain you can handle it?”
“Well, sure…that is, if your husband is in earshot…per his usual.  If anything happens, I’ll just start screaming or something and he’ll be here before I stop to take a breath.”
Although she attempted to laugh, it came out sounding suspiciously like a sob.
“What I meant to say is can you handle it emotionally?  After all, Freddie was instrumental in helping his father keep tabs on Deana, which resulted in your near-death experience as well as her kidnapping.”
“True, but he didn’t want to help his father…he just had no choice.”
“Didn’t he?” Dawn murmured.
“What?”
“If you’re sure you want to, I’ll gladly take you up on your offer.  I could use the break.”
“I’m sure.  I need something to distract me.”
“I realize that I don’t know you well, but you seem…different today.  Is anything wrong?”
“No…well…sort of…”
“Do you want to talk about it?”
“I…it…it’s just that there is a secret group of idiots trying to kill a bunch of people I care about, Jay is in danger trying to rescue our friends—who may already be dead—from said group of idiots, and I am so…well…after hearing that part out loud, the rest of what I was about to say sounds plain ole’ stupid.”
“Our feelings are never stupid, Brit, but don’t think that I’m trying to pressure you into sharing yours with me.  If you’d rather…”
“It’s my dad’s birthday,” Brit burst out, “and I’m totally missing his party and the cake and the steak and…and…see how stupid that sounds with everything else that’s going on?”
“You’re homesick.”
“So bad I can hardly stand it,” Brit whispered.
Without a word, Dawn reached out and grasped the girl’s hands while Brit desperately tried to shove down the tears she could feel building in her eyes.
Minutes passed as the two stood there with hands clasped until Brit could once more speak without choking up.
“Thanks…I must have needed that,” she said shooting Dawn a shadow of a smile before squeezing her hands and letting her own drop to her sides.  “I’m better now.”
“Well then, I will leave you to it.  We just rotated him thirty minutes ago, so all you will have to do is watch him.”
“Rotated him…?”
“He must be repositioned every two hours to prevent bed sores,” Dawn explained.  “I’ll be back in an hour and a half.”
“Sounds good.”
“Oh, and one suggestion before I go,” Dawn said with a twinkle in her eyes, “instead of screaming, call out my husband’s name.  I assure you, it will be just as effective.”
“But not nearly as fun,” Brit laughed a bit more convincingly, “and I’m all about the fun.”
Dawn’s answering laugh echoed in the hall as she shut Freddie’s door behind her.
“Have I told you lately just how incredible you are?” a voice whispered in Dawn’s ear as two arms encircled her waist.
“Not in at least an hour” Dawn murmured leaning back against his broad chest.
“How remiss of me…I must be slipping.  Allow me to show you.”
“That sounds promising.”
“Lead the way, my love…I am all yours.”

~**~

Wrapped in Jay’s arms, Brit was telling him how much she loved him and missed him when a knock startled her awake.
“Damn, it was just a dream,” she muttered as she wiped the drool from the side of her mouth and sat straight up in the chair glancing anxiously at Freddie.
He hadn’t moved.
“Come on in,” she called and turned to greet her visitor, expecting Dawn or Dr. Minsk…possibly even Sinclair.  
It was, however, the one person she hadn’t expected.
“Georgia, hi…um…Dawn isn’t here…I’m watching Freddie for a while.  Did you need her?  I can call her…or actually, I can call Dr. Minsk and he can let her know because he hears like everything…”
Halting abruptly, Brit tried to pull herself together and stop the incessant babbling.  Something about Georgia’s silence unnerved her, and she always felt like she had to fill in with whatever popped into her head.
Totally ignoring Brit’s whole nervous soliloquy, Georgia slipped quietly into the room, set a covered dish on the small table closest to the door, and quickly exited.
“Nice talking to you,” Brit called after her as she stood and stretched, adding, “or talking to myself…I’ve heard it both ways.”
Curious as to what Georgia had left her—it was obviously for Brit as Freddie was hardly in a position to eat anything—Brit lifted the cover on the dish and gasped.
Five doors down, cradled in her husband’s strong arms, Dawn lifted her head and asked, “What’s wrong?  Is Brit okay?”
“Nothing’s wrong,” he said, arms tightening around her.  “Miss Macintosh just asked me to thank Georgia for the German chocolate cake and then she thanked me for eavesdropping on her phone call with her father and telling Georgia about it.”
“Were you eavesdropping?  I thought you headed for the stables before the phone call because of her…er…vivid imagery.”
“That incident occurred last weekend.  The conversation including her father’s birthday cake was earlier today, but I told no one for it was not mine to share.”
“Then how did Georgia know?”
“She has obviously been keeping company with Mike,” he chuckled, “and learned the art of listening at doors.”
“You won’t be too hard on her, will you?”
“My dear sweet wife, I do not plan to do other than relay the message of thanks.  Georgia emerged from her protective shell to do something nice for an extremely lonely and homesick young lady…I am ecstatic.  She is making progress.”
“Have I told you lately just how incredible you are?”
“Not in the past several minutes.”
“How remiss of me…I must be slipping.  Allow me to show you.”
“I am all yours.”

~**~

“Where am I?” a hoarse voice whispered.
Springing from her chair in the corner of the room, wide-awake despite her drowsiness of a few minutes earlier, Brit flew to the bed.
“You’re awake,” she gasped.  “I’ll go tell…”
Grabbing her arm with surprising strength, Freddie croaked, “Brit…?  You’re alive…how…?”
“Oh…um…I…um…” Brit stammered, futilely wishing she’d been smart enough to realize that she’d need a plausible explanation for her sudden return to health all ready to go.  “I’m not sure.  I mean, I passed out and the next thing I knew, Jay was there.”
“But the blood…all that…” Freddie’s shudder shook the bed, “blood…”
“It looked worse than it was,” Brit hedged.  “Like in the movies, they always make it look like the victim is practically dead, but they’re not so, anyway…I’m glad you’re awake because…”
“No…you were dying…I saw you…”
“Ah,” a voice said in satisfaction, “you are awake.  I must say, you gave us quite a scare, Mr. Carrington.”
Freddie turned towards the man standing in the doorway and his eyes opened so wide that Brit actually began to worry that his eyeballs were going to pop right out of his head.
“You know him,” Brit gasped in astonishment.  “You know Dr. Minsk…?”
“Our young friend will have been well briefed by his father,” Dr. Minsk explained, watching Freddie closely.
“No…I…no…I don’t…I just…thought he looked familiar,” Freddie mumbled, suddenly fascinated with the colorful quilt covering him.  “I was mistaken.”
Brit snorted her disbelief.  She’d been all worried about Freddie while he was unconscious, but suddenly other things came flooding back…
“You can cut the innocent act as well as the phony accent.  We know who you are.”
“And I am quite convinced that you are well aware that I was Deana’s psychiatrist,” Dr. Minsk added.  “Your father would not have left out such an important detail.”
For at least five minutes, Freddie remained silent, staring at the quilt while the other two watched and waited.  Finally, coming to a decision, he lifted his head and met the doctor’s eyes almost defiantly.
“You’re one of them, aren’t you?”
“I am indeed one of ‘them’,” Dr. Minsk conceded.  
“My father always suspected, but he had no proof and you were too well known to…to…”
“Eliminate…?”
 “You may as well kill me now, because I won’t tell you anything.”
“Contrary to the distorted information you have obviously been fed, we are not murderers.  We leave that to your father’s cohorts.”
“You mean my cohorts,” Freddie corrected.
“No, I am referring to your father’s fellow Society members…a Society of which you do not appear to be a member.”
“You know about the Brotherhood, of course,” Freddie stated in a flat, lifeless tone, “and I can assure you, I am a member.”
“The Brotherhood…?” Brit asked in confusion.  “But I thought…you just said…isn’t it called the Society.”
“The Society for World Order is the technical name,” Freddie shrugged, “but we are bound by the blood of our ancestors…therefore blood brothers…brotherhood.”
“Your father’s blood is tied to the brotherhood…?” Dr. Minsk asked.  “You have no doubts regarding that?”
“No doubts whatsoever.”
“And you…are you certain that you are bound to the brotherhood by blood ties?”
“Yes, through my father’s blood.  The tie can not be passed through the females.”
“And Mikhail…was he also bound by blood ties to the brotherhood or was he simply hired to do a job?”
“Why do you…?”
“Mikhail…” Minsk interrupted, “is he bound to the brotherhood?”
“Yes.”
“You are certain?”
“I am certain.”
“And you always follow your father’s edicts?”
“I have no choice,” Freddie replied in quiet desperation.
“Until recently, I would have agreed with you,” Minsk nodded.  “However, your actions at the old farmhouse give rise to many questions.  Would you care to enlighten me?”
“You want to know why I attacked Mikhail.”
“No…I do not wish to know the why, but the how…now that interests me greatly.”
“I don’t understand.”
“You insist that your father and Mikhail are of the Brotherhood and yet not only did you disobey your father’s orders and attack Mikhail with—I am assuming—intent to kill, but your father ordered Mikhail to kill you.  Do you not see an issue with that set of circumstances?”
Brit watched in alarm as Freddie lost the little color remaining in his face and his eyes rolled back in his head.  She’d been silently listening to the exchange between the two, comprehension slowly dawning on her as the psychiatrist talked, but the pastiness of Freddie’s face spurred her into action.
“What the hell did you do to him?” she yelled at the doctor as she bent over an unconscious Freddie and grasped his shoulder.  “Freddie…Freddie…can you hear me?”  
Brit couldn’t tell if Freddie was breathing and her panic rose.
“I don’t think he’s breathing!” she exclaimed.  “Why aren’t you doing something?  You’re a doctor…you should be doing something.”
“Go ask Georgia for another blanket.”
Removing a pillow from under Freddie’s head, the doctor placed it beneath his feet.
“That’s your plan?  He’s dying and you’re just going to elevated his feet and tuck him in?”
“Blanket…?” the doctor prompted in a calm tone.
Huffing in annoyance, Brit scurried from the room hollering for Georgia as Minsk moved to the head of the bed.  There he waited patiently for some semblance of color to return to the patient’s face.
“Is he dead?” Brit whispered from the doorway, blanket in hand.
“Mild shock,” Minsk replied without looking up.
“Mild…?  That was mild…?”
“I have witnessed worse.”
“Why did he go into shock?”
“I would surmise that the boy has been told all his life that because of his blood ties to the Brotherhood some great evil would befall him if he strayed.  He is no doubt expecting a lightening bolt to strike at any moment.”
“Freddie’s father…” Brit began tentatively, approaching the bed and unfolding the blanket as she drew closer, “he’s not really his father, is he?”
Glancing up sharply, Minsk frowned.
“Jay told me that members of the Society can’t hurt each other,” she explained as she spread the soft material over Freddie, “that’s what you were getting at, wasn’t it?  Freddie’s father must have known that Freddie wasn’t really his son, which meant he wasn’t tied to the Brotherhood, so that horrid man had to find some way to control him.”
“You are very perceptive.”
“Did you just call me smart?”
“I did, indeed.”
“Wow…I must be smart,” Brit said in amazement.  “Oh damn.”
“You do not wish to be thought of as intelligent…?”
“It just means that Jay was right again,” she sighed.  “He’s always right…which is really irritating, but at least he’s not here to tease me about it…although I wouldn’t mind it so much now that we…”
“Is that true?” Freddie whispered the question.
“Oh good,” Brit exhaled in relief.  “You’re not dead.” 
“Is that true…what she said…?” Freddie repeated, straining towards the doctor and holding his eyes, desperation in his voice.  “The part about not belonging to the Brotherhood…?”
“It is true,” Minsk assured him.  “If your father and Mikhail both belong to the Society, then you do not.”
“That explains it,” he said in wonder, allowing his head to fall back onto the bed.  “That explains it all.”

Chapter 18

Glendale, California

Tiffany hated Tanner.  He had no right to say all of those nasty things to her.  He didn’t even know her—hadn’t seen her in years—but that hadn’t stopped him from insulting her.  Calling her self-absorbed and selfish and narcissistic—whatever that meant—he had no right to say such mean things.
Somebody should have stopped him, but of course, nobody cared about her enough to come to her rescue like they did for Stephanie.  Not her father or her mother or her sisters…and she hated them all—her whole family—but mostly she hated Stephanie for not being there for her when Tiffany needed her.
As she slipped out the side gate and made her way to the front of the house, Tiffany fought the tears that threatened to erupt.  She despised tears…tears were a sign of weakness, and she wasn’t weak.  Glancing back at the house, Tiffany stifled a sob and took off running.
The look on Stephanie’s face…that look…like she’d been struck by lightening…
As if that wasn’t bad enough, that jerk Rick had the same look on his face.  That wasn’t how it was supposed to happen.  Rick was supposed to fall for her…for Tiffany.  All the guys fell for her…not her boring, never-met-a-book-I-didn’t-like, stick-in-the-mud sister.  How the hell had that happened?  How had she been rejected by the sexiest guy she’d ever met in favor of her sister.
She can’t have him, Tiffany told herself fiercely as the balls of her feet pounded the pavement, careful to keep her heels off the ground even though she was in a towering rage.  I’ll find a way to stop all of that nonsense.  He can’t take my sister.  I won’t let him.
And suddenly, just like that, she had a revelation.
Coming to a halt in the middle of the road, Tiffany just stood there, mouth gaping as it came to her.  She was jealous—yes, that was obvious—but what wasn’t so obvious was that she wasn’t jealous of her sister attracting Rick…she was jealous of Rick trying to take her sister.  
All those years of stealing every boy that ever even looked at Stephanie…it wasn’t because she couldn’t stand her sister having someone she couldn’t…it was because she was afraid she’d lose her sister to some jerk face.  Stephanie was her twin sister…the only person who’d ever stood up for her…the only person who championed her no matter how bad she’d been…the only person who knew everything there was to know about her and loved her anyway…the only person who truly cared about her…
Tiffany would not…could not…let Stephanie go and she would do whatever it took to make damn sure that no one could take her away.
But how…?
And then it came to her…what she had to do.  Stephanie had absolutely no confidence in herself, and that was the key.  Tiffany would use Stephanie’s own self-doubt against her.  Although she still had to work out the details, that part would be easy sleazy.  Her plan would work…it had to…because if she lost Stephanie, she’d have no one…she’d be all alone.  That wasn’t happening…ever.
Satisfied with her scheme, Tiffany once more took off running.

~**~

“I have her,” Rick and Tanner heard simultaneously.
Rick had no idea who Grant was talking about, but Tanner did.  Even though he’d never met Grant, Tanner knew from his dad that Blake had sent him to watch out for strays…and Tiffany definitely qualified as a stray.  Tanner had been confident that Grant would take over with Tiffany as soon as she’d run off…otherwise—as much as he disliked her—Tanner would have gone after her.
Rick, however, had no idea that Tiffany was gone and no matter how they both felt about the girl, she was their responsibility just as much as her siblings were.
“We forgot the ketchup,” Tanner called to his uncle.
“We have steak sauce right here,” Cynthia pointed out.
“I need the ketchup for my baked potato.”
“Seriously…?” Samantha asked shaking her head in disbelief.
“It’s a thing,” Tanner said with a grin.  “Be right back.”
As soon as he shut the back door, Tanner offered softly, “Tiffany took off in a huff.  Grant’s following.”
Rick and a dazed Stephanie entered the kitchen, hands linked, and Tanner couldn’t stop the grin from spreading across his face.  Acknowledging Rick’s nod of thanks, Tanner then turned his attention to his cousin.
“So, you were saying earlier, Cuz…?” Tanner teased.
“What?”
“About guys preferring your sister…?”
“Only foolish guys,” Rick returned squeezing Stephanie’s hand and smiling widely.
“That’s what I said,” Tanner agreed.  “I think you’ve rendered my cousin speechless for the moment, but don’t worry…she’ll find her voice…eventually…and I’ll warn you now, Macintosh women are quite vocal.  I should know…my mother is one of them.”
“I’ll keep that in mind,” Rick chuckled.
“And may I be the first to congratulate you, Steph.”
“Congratulate me…?” Stephanie repeated in bewilderment.  “On what?”
“On finding your…”
Rick cleared his throat.
“…new boyfriend,” Tanner continued as if he hadn’t heard.
“New boyfriend…?”
“Of course, new boyfriend,” Tanner grinned.  “What else could I possibly mean?”

~**~

“Rick, why don’t you and Tanner give me a hand cleaning the grill while the girls clear the table and put away the leftovers?”
“Sure,” Rick said forcing a smile to his lips as he untangled his long legs from the picnic table before reaching down to help Stephanie.
Rick knew what was coming and he also knew he couldn’t avoid it.  Trey was the father of his future mate—his seventeen-year-old future mate—and as such, had to be more than a little unhappy about the situation.
“We’ll fix a plate for Tiffany while we’re at it,” Cynthia said as she picked up the almost empty steak platter.  “Steak is one of her favorite foods.  I wish I knew where she was…she’s not answering her cell.”
“I think she left it upstairs on her dresser,” Samantha offered.  “I heard it ringing earlier before I came down the stairs.”
“Oh no!” Cynthia exclaimed.
“I’m sure Tiff’s fine, my dear,” Trey assured her, glancing over at Tanner, and after receiving an almost imperceptible nod, continued, “She’s probably out running…you know how she gets when she’s upset about something…she loses track of time.”
“But she’s wearing those high heels,” Cynthia said in a worried tone.  “What if she breaks her ankle or something?”
“She runs in heels all the time,” Stephanie reminded her.
“That’s true,” Cynthia acknowledged.  “She’s always forgetting what shoes she’s wearing and just takes off before she realizes.”
“I’m sorry about our…er…confrontation earlier in the day,” Rick said.  “I didn’t intend to upset her…I just react badly to people putting fingerprints on my newly detailed bike.”
“Note to self,” Stephanie murmured as she leaned over the table to gather the dirty paper plates, “no touchy-touchy.”
“You can put your fingerprints on any of my motorcycles any time you want, my Stephanie,” Rick whispered in her ear as she straightened.  “I would treasure the marks.”
Stephanie flushed a deep red realizing that he’d heard her and Rick stepped away quickly before the aroused scent of his future mate overwhelmed him.
As the females moved into the house, arms loaded with leftovers and trash, Rick turned in Trey’s direction, desperately attempting to conceal his trepidation.
“Tanner, you’re on lookout,” Trey ordered.
“Ah…the future father-in-law speech,” Tanner grinned.  “I’ll just be over here manning the backdoor and pretending not to hear you reading Steph’s new honeybunch the riot act.”
“Thanks for your support,” Rick snorted.
“Anytime,” Tanner replied as he sauntered off.
“Father-in-law…” Trey murmured.  “Not a title I planned to own for quite a while, but the best laid plans…”
“When I agreed to do this, to help protect your family, I wasn’t expecting to find my future mate,” Rick admitted.  “And the fact that she’s only seventeen…”
“Eighteen in three months,” Trey offered absently before smiling apologetically and adding, “Sorry…just repeating the countdown phrase I hear just about every other day from at least one of the twins…mostly from Tiff.”
“I’m not sorry I found Stephanie—I could never regret that—but I do feel for you.  This whole thing must be quite a shock.”
“An understatement…and I’m not looking forward to explaining any of this to Cynthia.”
“She doesn’t know about…?”
“No.”
“You have my deepest sympathy.”
“I appreciate that, but I’d rather have your deepest cooperation.”
“I will cooperate…as much as I’m able.”
“You would agree that we both want what’s best for Steph…?”
“Absolutely.”
“Because of her age, I would prefer that you avoid the…er…trigger until she turns eighteen.”
Rick took a beat as well as a deep breath before replying, “I agree with you…in theory—and I will do my level best to comply—but I’m sure you realize that I can’t guarantee anything.”
“Fair enough,” Trey nodded, satisfied with the sincerity he detected in Rick’s eyes.  “With that in mind, I think it best if we deal in specifics.”
“I’m listening.”
“No…kissing…” Trey forced the word out, “until her birthday.”
“None…?”
“Platonic kisses on the cheek, the forehead…”
“The hand…?  Since that ship has already sailed…”
“Innocuous locations are fine,” Trey said with narrowed eyes.
“Innocuous…meaning no lip action…got it.”
“Smart-aleck,” Trey muttered.
“Sorry…my twin brother has rubbed off on me more than I care to admit,” Rick grinned.  “Continue…”
“Only chaperoned dates…”
“But…”
“You and I both know how volatile the situation is,” Trey pointed out, “and it will be easier to maintain self-control if someone else is present.”
“I don’t plan to attack your daughter as soon as we’re alone.”
“I’m not talking about your self-control,” Trey admitted with a tinge of humor.  “I fear that Steph is her mother’s daughter…and that’s all I plan to say on the subject.”
“At least you haven’t totally lost your sense of humor.”
“Don’t push it.”
“Wouldn’t dream of it…anything else?”
“One more thing and then I’m done,” Trey said.  “To make all of the previous stipulations easier to adhere to, I would prefer that you keep any type of physical contact to a bare minimum until she’s eighteen.”
“I’m thinking he didn’t exactly mean to use that imagery,” Tanner noted in amusement from his place on the back porch.
“Shut up, Tanner,” Rick murmured.  “Not helping.”
“Caught the ‘bare’ pun, did he?” Trey sighed.  “Pun definitely not intended.”
“Don’t worry, I didn’t think it was,” Rick reassured his future father-in-law.  “So is hand-holding taboo?”
“Occasionally is fine, just not on a regular basis.”
“But…”
“Do you think it would stop there?”
After a thoughtful pause, Rick conceded, “Probably not.”
“Then there’s your answer.”
“As I said, I will do my best, but I make no promises.  Is that it?”
“That’s it.”
“No limit on the amount of time we spend together?”
“She has a curfew, but other than that…no.”
“Really…?  That’s all?”
“That’s all.  Can you live with those restrictions?”
“Dude…you got off easy,” Rick heard Tanner’s whispered comment, although he was sure that Trey hadn’t.
“The general consensus seems to be that I’m getting off easy.”
“I’m going to have to stuff that boy’s ears full of cotton while he’s here,” Trey said shaking his head at a grinning Tanner before turning back to Rick.  “And you can thank Brit for the ‘getting off easy’ part when you meet her…she started the tsunami.  I’m a science teacher…I know when I’m swimming against the tide.”
“I’ll be sure and thank her.”
“Amazon Brit,” Tanner chuckled.  “Tsunami is a tame description.”
“Why do you call her that?”
At Rick’s question, Trey once more turned in Tanner’s direction.
“He’s using their pet nickname for her, isn’t he?”
“Yeah, and now he’s got me curious.”
“Well, that is one discussion I plan to stay out of,” Trey held up his hands in surrender.  “I’ll let the two of you finish out here and I’ll see you inside.”
As Trey made his way into the house, Tanner joined Rick near the grill.
“So, tell me about this Amazon Brit.”

~**~

“It’s late and I’m beat,” Cynthia said wiping the sweat from her forehead as she stowed the last of the leftovers in the fridge.  “I think I’ll leave the rest of the clean up until tomorrow.”
“I’ve got this,” Samantha said.  “I didn’t do anything to help set up, so it’s only fair that I clean up.”
“I’ll help her, Mom,” Stephanie put in.
“Rick and I will pitch in, too,” Tanner offered, coming in the back door with Rick on his heels.
“You and Dad go enjoy yourselves,” Samantha urged.
“Thanks, girls,” Cynthia quickly accepted.  “You don’t have to tell me twice.”
“Let’s go for a drive,” Trey suggested as he placed his hand on the small of her back and guided her out of the kitchen.  “A beautiful night…a beautiful woman…doesn’t get much better than that.”
“Hey, Steph,” Samantha said turning to her as soon as their parents’ footsteps faded, “Tanner and I have got this.  We’ll have a chance to really chat and since you two are dying to be alone…”
“We can be…” Stephanie swallowed hard, “…alone…later…”
“That won’t be happening when your evil twin returns, so I’m thinking you should grab this opportunity with both hands while you can.  ”
“I can’t leave you with all the cleaning,” Stephanie protested.
“Why not?” Samantha grinned.  “I left you with all the prep work.”
“She makes a very good point,” Rick noted.  “I say we take her up on her generosity.”
“Go ahead,” Tanner coaxed.  “Live a little…you know you want to.”
“Is it alright if we sit in the backyard for a while?” Stephanie asked, turning to Rick, not quite able to meet his eyes, shyness suddenly overwhelming her at the thought of being alone in the dark with him.
“To quote your mom, you don’t have to tell me twice,” Rick chuckled as he opened the back door.  “And as your kind-hearted sister so eloquently pointed out, I’ve been dying to get you alone, so…”
Red-faced with embarrassment, Stephanie hurried outside accompanied by much good-natured laughter.

~**~

As soon as Trey closed the bedroom door behind them, Cynthia turned to face him, hands on hips and a determined look on her face.
“I’m doing my level best to pretend nothing weird is going on around here, but enough is enough.  Are you planning to enlighten me, or does the birthday boy want to spend the night alone on the couch?”
“Even after I tell you, the couch is a distinct possibility,” Trey answered softly, turning to the dresser and picking up his car keys.
“It’s that bad?”
“Let’s go for a drive.”
“Oh dear,” Cynthia fretted as she preceded him out of the room.
“That’s putting it mildly,” Trey mumbled as he closed the bedroom door behind them.

~**~

“May I ask you a personal question?” Rick asked once he found an opening in the conversation.
His little Stephanie had been more persistent than he’d ever suspected, wanting to know everything about him, and that excited him beyond belief.  She had yet to run out of queries about his home in Washington, his family, the Master’s program he was currently enrolled in, his motorcycles…
Rick had to admit, her obviously sincere interest in his interests, especially his motorcycles, spurred him to talk more about himself than he ever had with anyone else.  However, there were a few things about her that he wanted to know—desperately needed to know—and he wasn’t sure how she would react to his questions…especially one of them.
“Sure,” Stephanie smiled.  “Goodness knows I’ve asked you a ton of them and you’ve answered every one.”
“This one is a bit more personal than any of those.”
“Okay…shoot.”
“Who is Tommy?”
“Tommy…?” Stephanie blinked in confusion.  “How do you know about Tommy?”
“I heard someone mention his name,” Rick replied vaguely, hoping she wouldn’t press the issue.
“Oh…well…Tommy is my best friend.”
“He’s your boyfriend.”
“Are you jealous?” Stephanie asked in surprise.
“Yes,” Rick answered, not even attempting to hedge.
“Wow,” Stephanie exclaimed breathlessly.  “That makes me feel…strange.”
“I’m sorry.  It was not my intention to cause you discomfort.”
“No, it’s fine, I mean, it’s just not something I ever expected to hear from a guy.”
“Tommy is not the jealous type…?”
“Actually, he is…” Stephanie began.
“How serious is it?”
“As I was about to say,” Stephanie said pointedly, “he is jealous of any guy that even looks at Tiff.”
“Tiff…?” Rick repeated in surprise.  “Why would he want your sister with you around?”
“Just because you seem to like me, that doesn’t necessarily mean every guy I meet does.”
“For which I’m eternally thankful,” Rick said bringing her hand to his lips and placing a kiss on the back of it.  “I don’t want to share you.”
The attraction between them instantly set off a spark and Rick, realizing that Stephanie’s father had been wiser than Rick had given him credit for, immediately released her hand and stood, putting some distance between them.
“Let’s go for a walk,” he suggested before mumbling inaudibly, “Three long months…I’m so screwed.”

~**~

Watching as the familiar car pulled into the best make-out spot on the lake, Tiffany shook her head in resignation.  Only one couple knew about that spot, hidden as it was from view of the road by overgrown bushes, and those two people were her parents.
“Some birthday gift,” Tiffany snorted.  “Making out in the back seat of your own car when you have a perfectly comfortable bed at home…no wonder you had too many kids way too close together.”
She knew they couldn’t hear her—no one could, as high up in the tree as she was—so she felt perfectly safe talking out loud.  However, she shuddered at the thought of the sights and sounds that she might be subjected to once the passengers in the car started getting it on so she thought it best to climb down and head home.  
Hopefully, there would be some steak left.  Missing that was what she regretted most about leaving the party early.  She certainly hadn’t wanted to stay around and watch Stephanie and that jerk drooling all over each other.
Suddenly, an awful thought filled her head.  What if the pair in the car weren’t her parents?  What if her parents had loaned the car to Stephanie and that bastard of a neighbor and had actually told them about the spot?  After all, Rick only had a motorcycle—that’s all she’d seen in his garage, anyway—so it was possible her dad had let them take the car.   From the little she’d seen before Tanner had dragged her out to the backyard, for some odd reason, their generally over-protective father had suddenly decided to change his ways and let Stephanie and the jerk practically make out in the living room.
“I’m going to break up their little make-out session,” Tiffany said in a determined voice, “because that’s not happening right under my nose.”
Carefully climbing down the tree that had become her refuge over the years, Tiffany briefly relived the conversation she’d overheard between her parents one night while they were sitting in the backyard snuggled under a blanket and watching the stars.  Reminiscing about the hidden spot where they’d conceived Tiffany and her twin sister, the two of them had coughed up just enough information that Tiffany had been able to figure out the exact location.  
After that, Tiffany had gone there often to be alone when she’d had a bad day.  It seemed fitting that her place of conception was also her place of comfort…although, she was careful never to allow the actual details of that conception to cross her mind.  That would be entirely too much information and way too gross.
Tiffany could have sworn that Stephanie knew nothing about that spot, but her twin always seemed to know more about what was going on in the family than Tiffany.   Over the years, Tiffany had managed to overhear a lot of conversations she shouldn’t have because she’d developed a habit of eavesdropping for that very reason.  Sometimes it was the only way she ever found out anything.
Hitting the ground, Tiffany bent over and picked up the spiked heels she’d left at the base of the tree before inching stealthily towards the car, trying to figure out the best way to interrupt the two lovebirds.
Before she could get very far, she heard a low growl in the bushes just off to her right and immediately froze.  After a few tense moments with no attack, she began backing up slowly, keeping an eye on the bushes, and finally made it back to what she considered her tree.  Determined not to let some awful beast eat her shoes, she hooked the spiked heels in the waistband of her skirt and began to climb.
Two miserable hours later, her parents’ car finally backed out and left the area.
Although she had no idea if the growling animal from earlier was still around, Tiffany knew she had to risk it.  She couldn’t stay up in the tree the whole night for a lot of reasons, not the least of which was the fact that her whole backside violently protested the uncomfortable perch, and she hadn’t brought her cell phone so she couldn’t call for help.  
If she stayed out too much later, she’d miss curfew.  She couldn’t afford to be grounded when her parents always included her cheerleading in the grounding.  She could just hear them going on and on about how cheerleading was a privilege and not a right.  It was so totally irritating.
After climbing down once more, Tiffany brushed the bark from her clothing and then tentatively headed towards the road, ears tuned to any sound that might indicate that horrid growling animal was coming back to eat her.  Once she arrived at the pavement, she slid her spiked heels back on and began the long run home, careful to stay on her toes and the balls of her feet to ensure the safety of her favorite pair of shoes.
Entering the house over an hour later, spiked heels in hand, Tiffany was attempting to sneak up the stairs when her mother’s distressed voice and her twin’s name caught her attention.  As usual, she felt no compunction about moving closer, pressing her ear up to the door, and listening in.
“But Stephanie’s so young,” Cynthia faltered, “and he’s so much older.”
“Rick realizes that,” Trey’s voice assured her.  “That’s why he promised me that he’d wait until she’s eighteen before he tries to kiss her.”
“Our babies,” her mother said in a choked voice, “they’re growing up too fast.”
“I know,” Trey said in a subdued voice, “believe me, I know.”
Outside the bedroom door, as her mother cried her heart out, a wicked smile curved Tiffany’s lips.
No kissing…I can use that, she thought in satisfaction as she made her way to the stairs.  This will be ridiculously easy.

Sunday, May 27th 

Chapter 19

“You’re already awake?” Cynthia asked stretching and yawning before turning towards her husband.  “What time is it?”
“Three.”
“In the afternoon?” she asked in alarm, sitting straight up in bed.  “How did we oversleep that badly?”
“It’s three in the morning.”
“That’s just as bad in a different way.  What’s wrong?  Is something going on with the girls?”
“The girls are fine,” Trey reassured her.  “I just keep thinking about Sam going off on her own tomorrow—or I guess I should say today—and I’m not sure I can do it.”
“She has to attend orientation,” Cynthia pointed out, sliding back under the covers.  “It’s required.”
“I know, but it just seems wrong…giving her a car and sending her off on her own when I don’t know if the situation has been resolved.”
“What’s the alternative?”
“I could call Blake and see how things are shaping up and then ask him if the boy that’s supposed to follow her could give her a ride and keep a closer eye on her,” Trey suggested.  “What do you think?”
“I say do it.”
Reaching over for his cell, Trey hesitated only a moment before texting 911.  Within a minute his cell rang.
“Blake…sorry to bother you so early…”
“It is not that early here.  However, I know you would not call me at three in the morning your time unless something was weighing heavily on your mind.”
“Before I get into that, is there any news on our friends?”
“The young man is headed back to the states today and should make a full recovery.”
“And the young lady…?”
“Nothing yet,” Blake admitted.  “I assume these questions have something to do with whatever issue you are facing and not just idle curiosity…?”
“It does and it’s not,” Trey acknowledged.  “I’m having second thoughts about sending Sam off to Berkeley in Cynthia’s car knowing that everything has not been totally resolved.”
“I can see how that would be a concern.”
“Do you think the boy that’s supposed to follow her would give her a ride there and back instead?”
“Certainly,” Blake answered without hesitation.  “You are good with that scenario…a stranger alone in a car with your daughter…?”
“He’s one of yours…correct?”
“Yes.”
“And you’re sure that Sam will be safe with him?”
“Of course.”
“Then, yes…I am good with that scenario.”
“I will see to it.”
“What’s the kid’s name?”
“Winston, but most call him Thorn.”
“Because of his personality…?”
“No…he simply dislikes his given name.”
“There’s a lot of that going around,” Trey muttered.  “What do you know about his parents?”
“They are both teachers at a high school in Pasadena.”
“I guess he can’t be all bad, then.”
“You are reassured?”
“That depends…is he what my oldest daughter refers to as a ‘hunk’?”
“Your eldest certainly has a way with words.”
“You’re not answering the question.”
“I believe you already know the answer.”
“That’s what I was afraid of.”
“Still want that ride?”
“Do I have much of a choice?”
“I shall make the arrangements.”
“One other thing…”
“Yes…”
“Could you contact the manager again and convince him to let the girls and Tanner start sometime next week instead of the week after?”
“You need a reason to refuse your daughter the use of your wife’s car…”
“That and it might help keep my youngest out of trouble.  She doesn’t do well with too much free time on her hands.”
“Consider it done.”
“Thanks…” Trey began but Blake had already hung up.
“So it’s all set?” Cynthia asked as her husband placed his phone on the nightstand.
“It’s all set,” Trey agreed sighing in resignation.
“Maybe now you can get some sleep.”
“If I weren’t so worried how Sam will take it, I might could.  I’ve already blown most of her summer; I hate to add one more change.”
“She’ll be fine.”
“I hope you’re right.”
“Hmm…I know what you need to help you sleep.”
“Oh, and what’s that.”
“A distraction.”
“Are you volunteering?”
“Absolutely.”
“Really?  Sounds intriguing.  What exactly did you have in mind?”
“We’ve been married how long and you still have to ask?”
“Sam’s right,” Trey murmured as he moved closer to his wife.
“About what?”
“We can’t keep our hands off each other.”
“She should be so lucky when she gets married,” Cynthia said as she slipped into his arms.
“Not a vision I want in my head,” Trey protested.
“Well then, let me put a different one in there,” she offered before silencing him with her lips.

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana

“Hey Georgia, what’s going on?” Brit asked from the doorway.  “Are we expecting visitors?”
Georgia continued making up the bed without acknowledging the question and Brit sighed.  She’d hoped after the special surprise—a German chocolate cake that Georgia had baked for her—the two of them might actually be able to talk.
False hope.
“Thanks for the cake, by the way.  You’re a heck of a cook.”
Still nothing.
“If you show me what to do, I could help,” Brit persisted, even though she knew it was futile.
“Excuse me,” an attractively deep voice said from behind her.
“Oops, sorry,” Brit apologized as she moved out of the doorway.
Turning to identify the newcomer, she gasped in surprise as Sinclair entered the room carrying an armload of blankets.  
“Oh, hey…you talked to me.”
Sinclair shrugged, placed the blankets on the desk situated beneath the window, and then headed back out the door.
“Wait…don’t go…I was just…”
“Miss Macintosh,” Dr. Minsk said, appearing in the doorway Sinclair had just exited, “is there something I can do for you?”
As Georgia skirted the doctor and slipped out of the room, Brit sighed in resignation.
“Tell me honestly, Doc…am I a leper or is my deodorant just not working?”
“What seems to be the problem?”
“Oh come on,” Brit snorted, “you’re the psychiatrist…surely you can figure that one out by yourself.”
“You certainly do not bother to observe the niceties.”
“What a tactful way of saying I have no tact,” Brit grimaced in displeasure.  “I thought we’d already established that I say what I think…moving on…”
“You wish to know why Georgia and Sinclair do not converse with you.”
“Bingo!”
“The two of them are simply more reserved than most.”
“Than me, you mean.”
“Miss Macintosh, I would dare say that most of the world’s population is more reserved than you are.”
“Can’t argue with that,” Brit conceded.  “It’s just that I need people to talk to and…”
“My wife and I are available whenever you have the desire for company.”
“Don’t get me wrong, I appreciate that…I really do.  I mean, Dawn’s been great and you’ve been…well…you…but I’m talking about somebody closer to my own age.”
“There is young Mr. Carrington…”
“Could we not call him that,” Brit asked shuddering.  “After all, he can’t really lay claim to that last name anymore and it reminds me too much of his father and what he…well, anyway, his name is Freddie.”
“Technically, his name is Frederick.”
“And every time somebody calls him that, I’ll remember his fake father using that name right before he ordered Mikhail to cut me up like chopped liver and make it look like the wolves did it.”
“Freddie it is.”
“Thank you.”
“Is that everything?”
“Well, now that you mention it, I was trying to find out why Georgia was making up a bed in here.  Are we having company?  And, if so, is it somebody that will actually talk to me, she asked hopefully…?”
“You have a rather odd turn of phrase, Miss Macintosh”
“Yeah yeah, whatever…who’s coming and when do they get here?”
“Your friend Quort will arrive sometime tomorrow.”
“Quort!  Really?  That’s great!  What about Dee?  Is she coming, too?”
“Not at this time.”
“And that’s all you’re going to tell me, isn’t it?”
“I believe we have finally reached a mutual understanding.”
“Oh joy, a mutual understanding” Brit said with no attempt to hide the facetiousness in her voice.  “Translation…I’ve finally accepted the fact that you’re never going to tell me anything unless you want to, no matter how much I annoy the hell out of you.”
“A crude yet valid translation.”
“If you need me, I’ll be in my room…as usual.”
“Freddie would appreciate a visit when you can spare the time.”
Halting in the doorway and turning around with suspicion in her eyes, Brit studied the doctor for a whole minute before replying.
“Why would you want me to visit Freddie?”
“Why would I not?”
“Oh, I don’t know, maybe because after he woke up—well, after he woke up the second time from the shock you sent him into—you basically kicked me out of the room.”
“I believe you had a hand in that,” Minsk reminded her.
“Kicking myself out…?  I don’t think so.”
“Sending him into shock,” he corrected.
“Okay, I’ll own that I contributed, but I still don’t understand why you wouldn’t let me stay.”
“I simply needed to speak to the young man privately.”
“And I couldn’t hear this top-secret conversation why exactly?  I’m just as involved as anyone…more involved than most.  Wait a minute…wait just a doggone minute…did you torture him after I left?”
“Of course not…we do not employ such barbaric methods.”
“Exactly what I’d expect a torturer to say…”
“You think me a barbarian…?”
“I suppose not,” Brit sighed.  “You just don’t want me to know more than you want me to know unless you want me to know it…and, okay, I admit, that sounded a lot better in my head, but I’m sure you get that I get it.  Bottom line is you didn’t know exactly what he was going to say and you want to control everything and everyone around you.”
“It is not a matter of control…”
“You can’t have it both ways…is it torturer or control freak?”
“Those are not the only two possibilities.”
“Oh, I see what’s happening here,” Brit interrupted nodding her head in sudden comprehension.  “You want me to go visit him because he wouldn’t talk to you, would he?  That’s why you’re resorting to sending me.”
 “He does seem to trust you.”
“More than you, anyway.”
“As you say.”
“Or maybe he just feels incredibly guilty about what his imposter of a father did to me.”
“Or that…” Minsk agreed.
“So, what exactly do you want me to ask him?”
“Actually, I need you to share information first.”
“What type of information?”
“He does not understand how you recovered from your injuries…”
“Excuse me…?  You must be joking.  Do you have any idea what happened to me the last time I tried to share super-secret wolfie info?”
“You will not be affected this time.”
“Oh well, that makes it all better.”
“I can assure you, there will be no ramifications.”
“Easy for you to say.”
“The young man is already aware of our existence…you will simply be filling in the blanks for him.”
“Dee was already aware of your existence, but I still ended up on the floor suffocating to death.”
“There are many flaws in your account of the incident, but I have neither the time nor the patience to bother refuting your erroneous statements.  The only question you need to ask yourself is why am I wasting time arguing when I could be uncovering information vital to my friend’s rescue.”
“You just had to go there, didn’t you?” Brit huffed in annoyance.  “Fine…tell me what you want me to do.”

Dumfries, Scotland

Deep within the bowels of the castle, Milord’s earpiece crackled into life heralding the return of his manservant.
“Has the boy been eliminated?”
“No, Milord,” Vincent answered from the main hall, divesting himself of his raincoat and setting his umbrella to dry near the fireplace.
“Would you care to elaborate, Vincent?”
“Our spies have been unable to locate him.”
“How is that possible?  You led me to believe the boy was at death’s door and there were few facilities in the area.”
“All true, however, it seems that the ambulance never arrived at any of those facilities.”
“Perhaps he did not survive the trip.”
“It is possible, but I would not count on it.”
“You believe the wolves have him in a secure location.”
“Yes.”
“That is unfortunate.”
“We certainly will not be able to convince Deana that he willingly spied for his father as long as he is still living.”
“Have our associates in the Montana area been able to uncover any information that would assist us in our quest for the wolves’ location?”
“Nothing…and we are running out of options.  Should I allow Deana to call her friend at this time?”
“I am not yet ready to relinquish my only advantage.”
“I understand,” Vincent acknowledged.  “Once you have done so, you will have nothing left and as you seem to have grossly underestimated the intelligence as well as the resourcefulness of the Pack, you would appear to be at an impasse.  Pity that your current sorcerer is proving to be no help.”
“Enough,” Milord commanded.  “I have devised a plan to draw out at least a few of the wolves without risking the girl.”
“How will drawing out a small portion of the Pack lead to the Alpha?”
“It is doubtful that it will, but that is not my current goal.”
“Would you care to elaborate?”
“All in due time, my old friend.  For now, contact one of the groups of kidnappers whose services have been invaluable in the past.”
“And the target…?”
“Not target, my dear Vincent, but targets…the Macintosh sisters, to be precise.”
“What do you hope to gain by kidnapping the sisters?”
“Send members of the brethren to observe the kidnappings and report back any wolf sightings.  I shall need names.”
“The sisters are younger than Deana’s friend.  It is entirely possible that none of them are yet mated.”
“If you were the Pack leader and one of your wolves’ mates were identified, what is the first precaution you would take?”
“I would send wolves to protect her family.”
“Exactly.”
“I shall contact the kidnappers forthwith.”
“Excellent…and while you are about it, I am in need of sustenance.”
“I furnished sustenance last night.”
“Yours is not to question, but to obey.”
“Yes, Milord.”
As Vincent booted up his laptop, he once more cursed the day he had agreed to serve Marcel, Duc de Vichiers while at the same time sending up a prayer of thankfulness that the monster residing in the dungeon of the castle could neither leave the darkness of the dungeon without Vincent’s assistance nor read his mind.
Thankfully, the rest of the castle as well as his thoughts were his own.

~**~

 “Hey Sam, you’re up early for a Sunday morning.”
“Just getting some last minute things done before I leave for Berkeley.”
“When you have a sec, I’d like to talk to you about that.”
“Sure, Dad, what’s up?” 
“I found a ride to Berkeley for you,” Trey said.  “His name is Winston, he’s from Pasadena, and he’s leaving for Berkeley about the same time you were planning to go.”
“I thought you said I could take Mom’s car.”
“Since the twins will be working while you’re gone, they’ll need the car.”
“They were supposed to wait until I got back.”
“His part-time help quit, so Mr. Harvey needs Tanner and the girls to start this week.”
“I guess that could be a good thing,” Samantha admitted reluctantly.  “At least then the manager will have to train Tiff and not me.”
“That’s the spirit…looking for that silver lining.”
“How well do you know this Winston guy?”
“His parents are teachers at one of the high schools there in Pasadena.”
“They’re teachers and they still named their kid Winston?”
“Probably a family thing.”
“And you said their last name is Churchill?”
“Smart Aleck…”
“Seriously…you’re going to trust this Winston person with your precious daughter?  You never trust any guy with one of your daughters.”
“He’s a good kid…I promise.”
“Well, he does sound kind of nerdish, and you trained me well, so I could probably take him.”
“Sam…”
“It’s okay, I don’t mind nerds…I’m just saying…”
“Be nice.”
“I’m always nice.”
“I used to think so.”
“Okay, I’m always nice to nice people.”
“And your sister doesn’t count.”
“You said it…not me.”

~**~

“You’re Winston?” Samantha asked in disbelief taking in the incredibly good-looking, heavily muscled, six-footer on her front stoop.
“Well, yes, that’s my name, but my friends call me…”
“Wait…don’t tell me…let me guess.  Win…?”
“Nah,” he shook his head, grinning, “that would be weird and kind of cocky.”
“Wins…?”
“Don’t you think making it plural doubles the weird and the cockiness?”
“Ton…?”
“Come one…really…?  Do I look like a Ton?”
“Well…you are pretty big.”
“So you’re saying you think I’m a ton worth of pretty?”
“And my dad thinks I’m a smart ass…” Samantha muttered.
“You’re dad calls you a smart ass…?” he asked in astonishment.
“Semantics…”
“Whew!  That’s a relief.  Done guessing yet?”
“How about Stone?”
“Seriously…?  Now you’re saying that I’m a stone that weighs a ton?  And where did pretty go?  That was my favorite part.”
“Well, you have to admit, Stone is better than Ston.  That’s not it, is it?”
“You’re really bad at this.”
“Hey…I’ve got it…Churchill…”
“Churchill…?  Are you making fun of my first name?”
“Okay, fine, I give up…what do your friends call you?”
“Thorn.”
“Winston…Thorn…I don’t get the connection.”
“It’s because of my last name, which happens to be Thornton, by the way…not Churchill.”
“Hey!  That’s not fair because you didn’t…hold it…hold everything…your name is Winston Thornton…are you kidding me?”
“I know…my parents should be taken out and shot.  What can I say…?  It’s a family name.”
“Well, now that you mention it, with a name like that I’m surprised you didn’t turn out to be a serial killer.  You’re not a serial killer…right…?  I mean, I am about to get in a car with you.”
“No, I’m not a serial killer, but that’s what a serial killer would say, so that’s hardly a ringing recommendation.  Oh, and, by the way, Samantha Martha isn’t any better.  Just sayin’…”
“My last name’s not Martha.”
“Didn’t say it was…just making a general statement,” Thorn chuckled.  “Macintosh is actually a pretty cool last name that I can’t work with, so what’s your middle name?  Just in case I need to make fun of something.”
“Like I’m going to give you that kind of ammunition.”
“Then I’ll just have to tease you about your first name.  Yeah, that’ll work.”
“If you ask me to twitch anything, I swear I’ll…”
“Hey hey,” he protested holding both hands up in surrender, “I wouldn’t dream of asking you to twitch something for me.  That would be totally inappropriate on the first date.”
“This isn’t a first date.”
“Hmm…that’s funny, I must have missed the first one.  Okay…since this is our second date…”
“My father was a Marine, has guns, and knows how to use them.”
“Okay okay…no date…just a ride to Berkeley.  You certainly are touchy.”
“And you are aptly named, Thorn, because I can already tell that you’re going to be a thorn in my side the whole way there.”
“For your information, it will be the whole way there and the whole way back,” Thorn pointed out.  “Now let me think…what should I ask you to twitch first…”
“You said you wouldn’t do that.”
“Then you said it wasn’t a date, so all bets are off.”
“Has anyone ever told you that you’re really annoying?”
“Yep…you’re not even original, but keep trying.  It will make the whole trip so much more entertaining.

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana

“Georgia,” Brit greeted Freddie’s visitor as she entered his room a half-hour after finishing her conversation with Dr. Minsk.  “Hey…how’s it going?”
“Georgia…?” Freddie glanced at the girl expectantly.  “That is a lovely name.”
“Oh, so you two haven’t been formally introduced?  Well, I can fix that right now.  Freddie…Georgia…Georgia…Freddie.  And there you go.  Who says I’m not politically correct?”
“Pleasure to meet you, Georgia.”
Nodding, yet careful to keep her eyes down, Georgia hurried out of the room closing the door behind her.
“She brought my supper,” Freddie explained, indicating the tray on the hospital table next to his bed.  “Not that it’s likely to be much of one if it’s the same as the last meal.”
“Last meal…?” Brit shuddered.  “Could you possibly use a different phrase?  Both of us came too close to death to take those two words lightly.”
“Lunch, perhaps…?”
“Much better.”
“It took some time to figure out the meal…er…eating schedule in your country.  Not only is it very different from ours, it tends to vary from state to state.  It proved quite perplexing.”
“What did Georgia bring you this time?”
“Just as I suspected,” Freddie groaned as he lifted the lid on the tray, “broth, gelatin, and tea.”
“Sounds yummy.  Why all the liquid?”
“Apparently, the doctor prefers caution when dealing with concussions.”
“Afraid he might see it again?”
“That appears to be a possibility.”
“Better safe than sorry, I always say.”
“I suppose,” Freddie sighed.  “However, at this point I would happily trade for whatever Georgia brought you.”
“Uh-uh…no way, Jose.  She’s not much of a talker, but she sure can cook.  I had chicken parmesan and it was pretty awesome…like the best I’ve ever tasted.”
“I am envious,” Freddie admitted.  “Does Georgia talk to you?  I had no success coaxing a single word from her.”
“Nope…she apparently doesn’t talk to anybody, so don’t take it personally.”
“I won’t.  It’s good to see you again, Brit.  I was hoping you would stop by.”
“How are you feeling?”
“Eh…” he shrugged.  “Why didn’t you tell me that my father kidnapped Quort as well as Deana?”
“Who told you?”
“Deana’s psychiatrist.  Why didn’t you tell me?”
“You’d just come out of a coma,” Brit pointed out as she sat down next to the bed.  “I didn’t think it was the right time.  Besides, I didn’t know for sure that you weren’t in on it all along and already knew.”
“The only friend I’ve ever had and my father…er…that man…kidnaps him,” Freddie mourned.  “He won’t want anything to do with me now.”
“Your father or Quort?”
“Quort, of course.  I don’t care if I ever see that horrid monster again.”
“So you didn’t know what he planned to do?”
“Would you believe me if I told you that I had no idea what he was planning for any of you?”
“Actually, yes,” Brit said.  “The horrified look on your face when you showed up in the basement at the farmhouse pretty much spoke for itself.”
“I grew up believing that we were protectors of innocent lives…that only the wolves were evil…”
“They aren’t evil…”
“I am just beginning to realize that everything I have ever known…or thought that I knew…was a lie.”
“That’s a good start.”
“But no matter what I say, you still won’t trust me, will you?”
“That’s kind of hard to do after what I went through…plus knowing how you lied to us the whole time…no fun being lied to, is it?”
“I…”
“Anyway, none of that matters now…we have more important things to discuss.”
“Such as how you survived an ordeal that would have killed a normal human…?  May we discuss that?”
“Actually, we can.  Look, Freddie, there are some things I’m going to try to tell you, but I’m not sure how much the Alpha will let me say so if my throat closes up and I pass out, don’t worry…I’ll eventually wake up and we’ll start all over again…okay…?”
“Um…okay,” Freddie said in confusion.
“First things first…you already know about the Pack…right…?”
“Yes.”
“But did you know that a wolf can absorb the injuries of his mate?”
“That is how you recovered?  You are mated to a wolf?” Freddie asked in astonishment.  “I thought you and Jay…oh…he’s one of them, isn’t he?”
“You’ve got to stop saying it that way,” Brit frowned.  “It’s like Dr. Minsk said, the Pack doesn’t go around killing people…that’s the Society’s MO.  I don’t think the Pack is even allowed to seriously think about it.  It’s one of the Alpha ten commandments or something.”
“The wolves have ten commandments?”
“It’s just a figure of speech.”
“Oh, sorry.”
“I’m not explaining this very well.”
“No…you’re doing fine…I’m the one with the foggy brain.”
“So what I’m trying to get at, and doing a less than stellar job, is that Quort is coming tomorrow and you can’t tell him anything about Jay or me or the wolves until the boss man says it’s okay.”
“Quort doesn’t know his best friend is a wolf?”
“Quort doesn’t even know wolves exist, at least not the human-wolf combo type of wolf, and—even though I violently disagree with that philosophy—we have to keep it that way for now for a bunch of reasons that the doctor wouldn’t tell me and a couple that he would.”
“I swear I won’t say anything to Quort.  I’m not in any hurry to admit to my part in the whole thing to the only friend I’ve ever had.”
“Good, then we’re on the same page.”
“Why didn’t Jay tell Quort about being a wolf?”
“It’s another one of the Alpha commandments.  Bad things happen to those who disobey.”
“So when you said that your throat might close up and cause you to lose consciousness, that’s what you meant?”
“Yep…I tried to tell Dee she was right about the wolves after I found out, just before we were captured, but I ended up on the floor.  Minsk said I could talk to you about it since you already know stuff, and I guess he was right…I’m still standing.”
“That must be how the Pack has retained its anonymity.  Smart…”
“Yes, well, be that as it may, it wasn’t so smart not to tell Dee because she kept searching and searching until she found something and now she’s gone and I don’t even know if she…”
“I am sorry for my part in it, Brit.  If I could take it all back and do things differently, I would.  I can’t stand the thought that she might be injured or…or…”
“Dead…?  I can’t stand to think about that either, so let’s not…okay?”
“I wish she and I had met under other circumstances.”
“You weren’t faking it, were you?  You really liked her.”
“You could tell?”
“It was pretty obvious.”
“The only two people I’ve ever felt a true connection with and I betrayed them both.  They will never forgive me.”
“Maybe if you grovel…” Brit suggested in a weak attempt at levity.
“I would do more than that if I thought it would help.”
“Good, and that brings us to the next part of our discussion.”
“The doctor sent you to ask me about the Society.”
“Since you won’t speak to him…”
“It’s not that,” Freddie protested, “but he is one of them and…”
“…and I’m mated to one of them.”
“Now I’m the one not explaining things well,” Freddie said with a miserable expression on his face, “but I’ll try my best to clear up any misunderstandings.”
“I’m listening.”
“Imagine that you grew up knowing about a certain group of…of…”
“People…?” Brit supplied.
“People…and you were told all of your life that those…people…wanted to kill you and all of your friends and family…not that I had much of either, but still, I thought so at the time…”
“Um…Freddie…?” Brit broke in.
“Oh, right, sorry,” Freddie grimaced before continuing, “and just imagine believing that innocent human life meant nothing to that group of people.  Then picture a young boy warned that if he ever did or said anything that could be construed as betrayal, horrible and unspeakable things would happen to him.”
“What kinds of things?”
“To aid in your understanding, I must go back many years to a time when I was eight-years-old, and my father took me to see a man that he feared more than he feared any other.”
“What the world…?  You were just a kid.  Why would he do something like that to a kid?”
“I had been less than cooperative in my duties and…”
“Your duties…?  The man decided that scaring a little boy to death because he refused to take out the trash was the best way to go?”
“We had servants to perform menial tasks,” Freddie explained.  “My duties included…”
“Wow,” Brit exclaimed, “do you have any idea how snotty you sound?”
“That was not my intention…I was simply stating facts.  If I could have lived a normal life that included taking out the trash instead of accompanying my father on missions in order to spy on people and report back to him, I would have done just that.”
“Oh…sorry…I didn’t know.  I promise that I’ll try not to interrupt anymore.”
“I understand your consternation and I…”
“Wait a sec…sorry, I know I just said I wouldn’t interrupt, but I’m wondering how you knew that your father was scared of the man.  Did he tell you?  Because most adults won’t admit when they’re about to pee their pants.”
A smile slowly spread across Freddie’s face as he stopped to ponder that visual.
“Oh come on,” Brit snorted.  “You played football with a bunch of dumbass bullies that liked to inspire fear in the masses during their spare time and you never heard that phrase before?”
“Of course I have, just not associated with my father.  I must admit, I like it.”
“I guess I can see how that would bring a smile to your face,” Brit conceded.  “Now, getting back to my question…”
 “No, he was one of those that would never admit to being frightened, but it was obvious, even to a child.  The only information he gave me was that the man we were visiting was the head of the Brotherhood, and after meeting him…”
“Freddie say what?  I thought your father was the head of…”
“Could we cease calling that man my father?”
“Okay, how about fake father?  Better…?”
“Much better…thanks.”
“No problem…so your fake father isn’t the head of the Society?”
“No, although I’ve always suspected that he was high up in the Brotherhood.  Many undesirables, such as Mikhail, would often visit before leaving on missions.”
“Sorry, I’ve gotten so far off topic, but my mind is totally blown.”
“As was mine once I met the man that was to become my worst nightmare, and we aren’t off topic.  All of this is related.”
“That’s good…and I promise I’ll try to be quiet while you finish.”
“There is not much more to the story.  After we returned home, whenever my fake father suspected that I was being less than cooperative, he would remind me of that frightening man, threatening to allow him to eat me.”
“Eat you?  Is he a cannibal?”
“He is much worse than that.”
“What’s worse than a cannibal?”
“A vampire,” Freddie whispered.
“Vampires are real?” Brit squeaked.
“My fake father believed he was Dracula.”
“But…but…Dracula is fiction.”
“So are werewolves.”
“Shapeshifters…” Brit corrected absently, mind racing, “and you make a good point.  Could he really be Dracula?  I mean, did your fake father actually call him that?”
“I only knew him as Milord, but my father…my fake father often referred to him as Dracula when he wasn’t in the man’s presence.”
“I knew it…I just knew it was too good to be true…”
“What was too good to be true?”
“That hot werewolves…”
“Shapeshifters,” Freddie corrected in turn.
“That hot shapeshifters were the only fictional creatures that weren’t actually fictional.  Just how sure are you that the man you met is Dracula?” 
“From that day on, I did as much research as I could on Dracula without my father…my fake father finding out and what I discovered about the vampire’s history and physical description led me to believe more than ever that the man I met wasn’t a man…he was indeed a vampire…he was Dracula.”

Monday, May 28th

Chapter 20

Berkeley, California

As soon as Samantha entered the huge gathering room, her stomach developed a whole herd of butterflies—or, as nauseated as she felt, maybe they were buffaloes—and she suddenly became uncharacteristically tongue-tied.  She couldn’t remember the last time she’d been forced into a large group of strangers without someone familiar at her side and it was more intimidating than she’d expected.
Because Thorn had tried to kiss her when he’d dropped her off at the dorm the night before, Samantha had slugged him, leaving her thinking that she would have to find another way home after orientation ended.  However, after thoughtfully rubbing his injured jaw for about a minute, he had inexplicably grinned at her and offered to pick her up for the first session.  Of course, she’d turned him down flat, but glancing around the room nervously, she really wished she’d taken him up on his offer.
Spotting Thorn in the middle of a crowd of girls about twenty feet away, Sam headed towards him—desperate for a familiar face—but a hand on her shoulder halted her in her tracks.
“Hi there, pretty lady.  I’m Lee.”
Plastering a smile on her face, Samantha dipped her shoulder to dislodge the hand and then turned to introduce herself to the not-too-bad-looking guy watching her expectantly.  
However, after punching one of the hottest males she’d ever met for trying to kiss her, the thin, medium height, decent-looking boy barely registered on her radar.  Once Samantha had reached eighth grade and topped 5’10”, she’d forged a rule against being interested in anyone that didn’t outweigh her by a good twenty pounds and the kid in front of her probably weighed no more than her 125 soaking wet. 
“I’m Sam.”
“You look a little nervous.  Here all alone?”
“I…um…”
“Samantha!  There you are!  I knew I should have picked you up this morning.  You got lost again, didn’t you?  You’ve got to have like the worst sense of direction ever.  Who’s your friend?  Hi, I’m Thorn.”
Sticking his hand out, Thorn waited patiently until the guy named Lee had recovered from the interruption and returned the handshake.
“Are you two together?” Lee asked, obviously not happy with the thought.
“For a while now,” Thorn nodded enthusiastically.  “Oh, look, they’re about to start.  You got here just in time, sweetheart.”
“Welcome Freshmen!” the co-ed with the microphone greeted everyone with gusto.  “I’m Eddie and I’ll be in charge of today’s activities.  Now, to get us started, I need each of you to draw a number out of the hat that is currently circulating the room.  That will be the number of your group.  Number one’s…you will be over here by the front door…two’s will be next to them…and so on around the room.  Once you’ve found your group, go ahead and introduce yourselves.  Don’t be shy…you’ll be spending all day together.”
Samantha drew a number from the hat and then, ignoring both Lee and Thorn, moved to the middle of the huge room and began slowly spinning around and counting until she spotted the gathering five’s.  Before she could take two steps towards her group, a hand on her shoulder once again stopped her.
“Looks like we’re five’s together,” Thorn said with a grin in his voice.  “Imagine that.”
“Haven’t had enough of me yet?” Samantha asked sweetly.  “I could try my left cross this time.
“It was just the luck of the draw, Sam.  I’m not trying to seduce you or anything…I swear.”
“As long as you realize that you’re not as hot as you think you are and…”
“Ow!” he exclaimed, clutching at his impressively massive chest, which she had to admit, belied her words.  “You’re breaking my heart.”
“….and I’m not going out with you,” she continued pointedly ignoring his theatrics.
“Okay, I admit it, I tried and failed.  We obviously aren’t meant for each other, but I do like you, so can we call a truce and just be friends.”
“No more trying to lay one on me?”
“Once was enough,” Thorn chuckled, rubbing his jaw reminiscently.  “You pack quite a punch.  I think I’m…”
“Hi,” a girl’s voice interrupted them, “I’m Victoria Munsen…Vickie for short.”
“Hello Vickie for short,” Thorn grinned and held out one hand to shake Vickie’s while wrapping the other around Samantha’s waist.  “I’m Thorn and this is my girlfriend, Samantha.”
“I’m not…” Samantha began.
“Sorry, darlin’,” Thorn broke in.  “She likes to be called Sam,” he confided to the girl, “although I really like the name Samantha.  Don’t you?”
“Oh…your girlfriend…I…uh…have the two of you been together long?”
Bending over, Thorn put his lips to Samantha’s ear and murmured, “If you don’t want weird guy hitting on you all week, you might want to think about cooperating.  I promise to behave.”
“Not long,” Samantha replied to Vickie with a forced smile.
“That’s my girl,” Thorn murmured approvingly before straightening up.  “Oh look, Sam, Lee and Vickie are both fives.  What a happy coincidence.”

Glendale, California

“Hey Mr. Harvey,” Tanner called from the counter, “there was an accident at one of the tables.  I think we’re going to need the mop.”
Tiffany, wandering the dining area pretending to be busy, put a wall between her and the manager manning the cooking station.  She’d seen the kid throw up all over the floor and had almost lost her own lunch.  There was no way she was going to clean up that mess. 
I’ll take a bathroom break and when I come back, it will all be gone.
“Get a mop and a bucket, Tiffany,” Mr. Harvey said from behind her before she could yank open the restroom door.
“It’s Tiff, Mr. Harvey, and I have to go to the bathroom.”
“Hurry it up, then.  That barf won’t clean up itself.”
“I have no idea where to find either of those things.”
“The mop and bucket are by the back door and the barf is by the front door,” the manager said with a chuckle.  “Just follow the smell…you won’t have any trouble finding it.”
Great…a comedian.
“Can’t Tanner do it?”
“Unlike you, he’s busy.”
“I’m busy.”
“Yeah…?  Doing what?”
“I’m checking the napkins and the salt and pepper shakers.”
“They were filled last night and we’ve only been open an hour and a half.  Take my word for it…they’re fine.”
“What about Steph…?”
“She’s got the window.”
“I told you, I have to go to the bathroom…”
“Look, girl, you spent the first thirty minutes of the shift eating lunch before lifting a finger to help so you best be showing me you really want to be here if you want to keep this job.”
“I was hungry…”
“Don’t care…and don’t try giving me any of that ‘I’m busy’ crap again or I’ll be busy in about five seconds firing you.  Now go get the damn mop and bucket.”
“Okay okay…I’m going…don’t have a cow,” Tiffany huffed before turning and stomping off.
“Unlike you, at least a cow would be useful,” Mr. Harvey muttered before heading back to the kitchen.

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana

“Hey sweetheart.”
“Jay!  Where are you?  Is everything okay?  Are you coming with Quort?  Did the information I gave Minsk help at all?  Did you find Dee?  When will you get here?  I’ve missed you so much!  Why haven’t you…?”
“If you’ll take a breath,” Jay interrupted, amusement plain in his voice, “I’ll answer your questions.”
“Oops…sorry…it’s just that it’s been so long since we talked and…”
“I’ve missed you, too, my love.”
“When are you coming home?” Brit whispered.
“About that…”
“You aren’t coming.”
“Quort should arrive at the ranch some time today.”
“But you won’t be with him.”
“No, sweetheart, I can’t leave here…not as long as Deana is still missing.”
“Why wasn’t she with Quort?  Do we know yet?”
“No, we don’t.  All we know is that she disappeared from the castle and we’re having trouble figuring out how.”
“Castle…?”
“The Cumberland Estate you heard Freddie’s father mention turned out to be a castle.  We know both of them were taken there, but when we arrived, Deana was gone.”
“Oh, right, about that…I guess you heard that Freddie’s father isn’t really Freddie’s father…”
“Dr. Minsk filled us in…”
“I can’t believe you can talk to him, but not me.”
“Blake talked to him…the rest of us weren’t allowed to make any calls unless absolutely necessary.”
“And I didn’t qualify…?”
“Blake has his reasons.”
“Well, bully for him,” Brit muttered.
“Could you ask Freddie if he knows anything about a secret tunnel?” Jay asked, steering the conversation away from Blake.  “Since we aren’t having any luck figuring out how Deana left the castle, Alexandre suggested that possibility.  Freddie most likely spent some time there, and we could really use his help.”
“Why not have Minsk ask him?  That way Blake can keep the rest of you from talking to anyone else.”
“I believe Freddie told you that he has communication issues with Dr. Minsk.”
“So once more I do all the dirty work while Minsk listens at the keyhole.”
“He wasn’t…”
“Figure of speech, Jay.”
“Right,” Jay chuckled.  “Will you do this for Deana, sweetheart?”
“You know I will, but I get to tell you directly…that way Blake can’t keep us apart.”
“Blake isn’t trying to…”
“Yeah yeah yeah…blah blah blah…?”
“Brit…”
“Seriously, I want to be able to call you now.  I can’t stand being apart like this without hearing your voice.  I feel things…like, all of a sudden I’ll feel like laughing or feel angry or worried and then I wonder if it’s what you’re feeling and why you’re feeling that way and I’m going crazy not being able to talk to you about it.”
“I understand, believe me.”
“Do you?  Do you have any idea the roller coaster I’ve been riding?”
“When we found Quort, and he was in terrible shape, I felt so much anger—a rage like I’d never felt before—and I lost all control.  I wanted to…well…strangle the man responsible with my bare hands, but then Blake helped me calm down and realize that I’d frightened you and that you were in the middle of a true nightmare because of me and I knew that I needed to try to dial back my emotions.”
“Oh Jay…” Brit said in a choked voice, “that must have been awful.”
“It’s okay, sweetheart…Quort’s going to be fine and so am I.”
“I wish I could have been there for you.”
“You were there for me.”
“But you said…”
“Just knowing that I am responsible for your emotional well-being keeps me grounded, my Brit.  Blake is teaching me to use that to help us both through our separation and I felt it on a different plane than ever before.  I felt you there with me and it was incredible.  I never realized how much I needed you until we were apart and I could actually feel your presence inside of me.  It’s a gift…a precious gift…knowing that you’re a part of me now.”
“You really feel that way?”
“Don’t you?”
“I guess I was too busy worrying about you and regretting having to stay here to think about it.”
“Our bond is what we make of it, Brit.  We can choose to turn it into a positive thing or a negative thing and I never want our relationship to be anything but positive.”
“I do too,” she whispered.  “I’m so sorry.  I’ll do better, I promise.”
“You did just fine, my darling.  Concentrate on what I’m feeling right now.”
“I feel it, Jay…I can feel your love…and it’s so…wonderful…and beautiful…and…and…”
“I’ve overwhelmed you…”
“No…I mean, yes…but in a good way.  Please don’t ever stop.”
“I won’t…I promise.  Hold onto to these feelings, sweetheart and I hope to be with you soon to hold you in my arms.”
“Please be careful,” Brit pleaded.  “I love you so much I’d die if anything happened to you.”
“Call me back as soon as you know anything.”
“That I can absolutely do…and I’ll be so quick it will make your head spin.”
“I’m looking forward to it.”
“So am I.  Gotta go.  Talk to you soon.”
“Bye…”
Hanging up quickly, Brit stuffed the phone in her pants and headed determinedly for Freddie’s room.

~**~

“I should be there to help them, but the wolf doctor won’t even allow me out of bed yet.”
“There is something you can do to help right now without even moving…well, without moving much.”
“Anything…please,” Freddie begged.  “I feel so useless tied to this bed. I’ll do whatever I can.”
“Do you know anything about your fake father’s castle?”
“I know it as well as anyone, I suppose.  I spent most of my childhood in that horrid place.”
“Would there be a way that someone could have gotten Dee out without anyone knowing?”
“Castles of old were frequently equipped with a complex maze of tunnels, no doubt used as escape routes for various reasons throughout history.  My father’s castle was no exception.”
“Do you know anything about them?”
“I played in them as a child…they truly were an escape route for me…an escape from reality.”
“So you know them well?”
“Very well.”
“Jay said that they believe Dee must have been taken out through one of those.  Would you be able to help figure out which one and where she might be now?”
“If you can locate a pencil and paper I will draw as complete of a map as I am able and notate it accordingly.”
“That would be great,” Brit enthused.  “I’m sure Minsk will be able to fax it to them or something.”
“The tunnels are quite extensive so it may take multiple sheets.”
“I’m on it.  Don’t go away…I’ll be right back.”
“Where would I go?” Freddie murmured as Brit hurried from the room.  “Even if I could move…”

~**~

“Oh my gosh…Quort!” Brit gasped at the sight of a thin and pallid figure lying unconscious on a gurney as it rolled passed her door…Sinclair and Dr. Minsk carefully guiding it into the next room with a man she didn’t recognize following after them.
“Your friend is stable,” Dawn offered as Brit joined her in the hallway.  “We’ll get him settled and let you know when you can see him.”
“That’s stable…?” Brit asked in amazement as Dawn moved into Quort’s room.  “He’s got tubes sticking out of…well…everywhere and he looks like death warmed over…actually, not even warmed over.”
“Yep, Conn, that’s our Amazon Brit alright,” a familiar voice noted from behind her.  “Never one to pull her punches.  She always tells it like it is.”
Spinning around, Brit stood for a moment in confusion, totally disoriented by the two figures she’d known for years unexpectedly showing up in a place she hadn’t known existed until recently.
“Who…?  How…?  What…?”
“She got two of the ‘W’ words,” Connor noted in amusement.  
“And that “H” one,” Spencer said shuddering.  “I never could remember that one.”
“Hmm…I could have sworn she knew ‘who’ we were,” Connor teased.  “Oh well, no matter…we’ll just hang around and wait for the ‘where’, ‘when’, and ‘why’ and she’ll have all the bases covered.”
“I don’t know, Conn, I think she’s speechless.”
“That’s a first.  Get your camera phone and take a picture of it.”
“I’d better make it a video…otherwise nobody’s going to believe us.”
“What the hell are you two doing here?” she finally managed to get out.
“Aw…there’s the cousin we know and love,” Connor nodded in approval.  “I knew the cat would spit out that nasty tongue eventually.”
“Better watch it, Conn,” Spencer warned, “she’s got that ‘I’m gonna slug you’ look in her eyes again.  Better explain why we’re here.”
“Oh man…Alexandre wasn’t kidding,” a voice said from behind Brit’s cousins.  “That’s one helluva hot chick.  Damn, but I wish I’d found her first.”
That was all it took to snap Brit out of her stupor.
“Did you just call me a chick?” she asked narrowing her eyes at the partially hidden figure.
“I’m outta here,” Connor said slipping through the nearest open doorway.
“Right behind you, bro,” Spencer agreed, following immediately on his heels.  “You’re on your own, Nick.”
“I’ll decide whether to hug you or slug you after I deal with your friend Nick,” Brit warned her cousins as she approached the good-looking blonde with the goofy grin on his face.  
“Hey,” Spencer objected, “friend is a little strong…we just recently met the guy.”
“Yep,” Connor concurred, “and we already warned him off you and your sisters, so have at it.”
“Blake has him on a leash…?” Brit asked, eyes never leaving Nick’s.
“He can’t do a thing to you,” Spencer crowed.
“Well, at least Blake’s good for something,” she muttered.
“Nice knowing you Nick,” Connor offered in amusement.
“She won’t do anything to me,” Nick said with a great show of confidence before asking, “Will she?”
“If we didn’t heal so fast, we’d still have bruises from our visits to her house,” Spencer corrected, “and the last one was three years ago.”
“I suggest running,” Connor chuckled.  “It’s the only thing you’re allowed to do that can avert disaster.”
“You know I didn’t mean anything by it, Brit” Nick offered holding his hands up in front of him.  “It was just a compliment.”
“That’s Miss Macintosh to you, jerk-face,” Brit said before throwing over her shoulder to her cousins, “This won’t take long…and don’t mess with any of my stuff while you two are cowering in my bedroom.”
“Aw hell,” Spencer groaned, “why’d we have to go and pick her room as a hiding place?”

Tuesday, May 29th

Chapter 21

Glendale, California

“Can I help you?” Tiffany asked in a bored tone.
“I want one of them barbeque sandwiches.”
“We don’t have one of them barbeque sandwiches,” she mocked, “just burgers.”
“Don’t tell me you don’t got them barbeque sandwiches cuz I get ‘em here all the time.”
“Excuse me, sir,” Tanner said from behind Tiffany, “but I think you may have us confused with Debbie’s Barbeque just down the street.”
“Are you callin’ me stupid?”
“Ye…” Tiffany began before her cousin cut her off.
“No sir,” Tanner replied respectfully.  “I get confused all the time about which place is which on this strip.  I haven’t made it down to Debbie’s yet, but I hear their barbeque sauce is the best around.”
“It is that,” the man agreed.  “Ya know…ya ought to think about gettin’ some of that there barbeque sauce in here.  Make them burgers taste mighty fine.”
“We’ll get right on that,” Tiffany said sarcastically.
“And maybe get a new waitress cuz this one’s a bit on’rey…” the man said before turning and walking out of the joint.
“Of all the nerve,” Tiffany steamed.
“Tiff…” Tanner began.
“I know…I know…the customer’s always right,” Tiffany said in irritation, “even when Mister Texas Accent Britches is dead wrong and should go back to the farm.”
“Not nearly as good as Brit’s Mister Britches names,” Tanner said grinning, “but you’re coming right along.  Actually, I was going to say that I’ll cover the front while you go eat and then we’ll switch.  How does that sound?”
For a long moment, Tiffany just stared at Tanner before saying, “I don’t get you.”
As she headed to the back to grab the money-saving packed lunch Stephanie insisted that they bring, Tanner just shook his head in resignation.
“And sadly, you probably never will.”  

Berkeley, California

“So, Samantha, what looks good?”
“Well, I don’t know, Winston, what looks good to you?”
“Aw…c’mon, don’t be like that.  Samantha’s a great name, but Winston…”
“Fair is fair…you call me Sam…I’ll call you Thorn.”
“I don’t think…”
“Brittany…?” a man exclaimed in surprise as he drew level with their table.  “I thought you’d already gone home for the summer.”
“Hi, you must be Les, the manager,” Samantha smiled and held out a hand.  “I’m Sam, Brit…er…Brittany’s sister.”
“Damn if you two don’t look like twins.”
“We get that a lot.”
“I can see the difference now, but at a glance…anyway, sorry to disturb you.”
“Not a problem.  My sister told me all about working here and how much she likes it.”
“I’m glad to hear that, because I’d hate to lose her.  She’s one of the best.”
“She is that.  She trained me at the Burger Binge back home, so I should know.”
“I guess you’re here for orientation,” he said and at her nod continued, “Don’t suppose you need a job for the fall…?”
“Maybe after basketball season is over, if spring training isn’t too bad.  I’ll be here on a scholarship so between playing and keeping my grades up, I’ll stay pretty busy.”
“That’s too bad…for me,” he amended.  “Anyway, it was nice meeting you.  I better get back to the kitchen and makes sure the cook isn’t burning the burgers.”
“Nice meeting you, too,” Samantha called after his retreating figure.
“I see how I rate,” Thorn chuckled.  “Against two beautiful women, apparently, not at all.  That guy didn’t even notice me sitting here.”
“You don’t know that Brit’s beautiful and complimenting me won’t get you anyplace you want to be…trust me.”
“I don’t have to know Brit to know she’s gorgeous because if she’s practically your twin, she’s pretty stinkin’ hot.”
“Flattery…?  Seriously…?  What did I just get through saying?”
“Why would you object to a guy commenting on how nice you look?”
“Because with guys it’s always about wanting something.”
“Well…now that you mention it…since your sister worked here, I figured you would know what food to avoid.”
“That’s all you want?”
“That’s all I want.”
“Okay then, give the chili a pass.”
“Why?”
“Let’s just say it’s more beans than meat and leave it at that.”
“Flatulence attack…gotcha,” Thorn smiled and winked at her, but his smile disappeared quickly once he noticed the couple bearing down on them.  “Don’t look now, Samantha, but your love-sick calf just got here and is headed straight for you.”
“Will you look at that…he’s got your little groupie with him,” she teased.  “And stop calling me Samantha, Winston.”
“It’s Thorn, and regular dudes don’t have groupies, Samantha.”
“Which is why I’m so confused, Winston.  What did you do to deserve one?”
“Wow, look Lee,” Vickie crowed as the couple drew closer, “it’s Thorn and…uh…Tabitha…”
“My girlfriend’s name is Sam,” Thorn corrected, looking more put-out than Samantha had ever seen him…even when she’d slugged him.
“Oh, right…whatever,” Vickie shrugged.  “So, it’s really crowded tonight,” she continued glancing around.  “Looks like everybody had the same idea.”
“A crowded diner right across the road from the campus,” Samantha said not even bothering to hide the facetiousness in her voice.  “Go figure.”
“I don’t see any empty tables,” Lee said speaking up for the first time, “so do you mind if we join you?”
“How did you get past the hostess?” Samantha asked.  “You wouldn’t have happened to imply that we were expecting you…?”
“Thorn doesn’t mind, do you Thorn?” Vickie asked, sliding into the booth next to him.
“Well…” Thorn began.
“Don’t worry,” Vickie continued as Lee took the space next to Samantha, “we promise we won’t take up too much room.”
“Too late,” Samantha muttered.

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana

As Brit left her room to check on Quort in the room next door to see how well he’d made it through the night, she stopped short at the sight of a stranger in the hallway carrying a duffle bag.
“You must be Brit,” the man said as he moved closer and held out his free hand.
“And you are…?”
“Rod…Nick’s father.”
“Oh,” Brit said offering her hand with reluctance, not sure how the man had taken her treatment of his son.
“I hear that you laid into him last night for being disrespectful,” Rod grinned as she quickly withdrew her hand.
“Somehow, you don’t sound like you mind too much.”
“Actually, I’m hoping it made an impression on him.”
“Well, since I haven’t seen him since he ran off, I wouldn’t know.”
“My son decided to sleep in the hangar last night, so I figured it worked.”
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean for him to…”
“Don’t be sorry,” he interrupted her chuckling.  “You may have managed to teach Nick something his mother and I have tried to get through his thick skull for years.”
“But I didn’t do anything,” Brit objected.  “He took off before I even landed one punch.”
“It was more the look in your eyes than anything.  Nick’s never been faced with such a…uh…”
“Vitriolic female…?” Dr. Minsk offered as he topped the stairs.
“I do know what that means,” Brit said frowning as she turned to face the doctor, “and I object.”
“Perhaps that was a bit strong,” Minsk admitted, “however…”
“Ya think…?”
“As I was saying…however, striking another human being is extremely bad form.”
“I might agree…if he was a human being…or even pretended to act like one.”
“I can assure you, my nephew is quite human, even though…”
“Your nephew?” Brit repeated before turning to Rod in confusion.  “I thought he was your son…?” 
“My wife is Dawn’s sister,” Rod explained.
“So he’s not really related to the Doc…?”
“Technically, my wife’s nephew,” Minsk acknowledged, “but part of my family, none-the-less…and very human.”
“So he’s not a wolf?”
“He is, but he has a human side, as do we all.”
“Well, I wouldn’t have hurt him.  Like I even could.”
“As you did your cousins growing up?”
“Hey, I wouldn’t be so quick to judge, Mister I’m-a-Shrink-Therefore-the-Whole-World-Must-Listen-to-me-Because-I’m-Never-Wrong Britches.  I admit, Sam and I wrestled with those guys the whole time they were there, but that was just for fun and we all had bruises.”
“Are you denying that you struck them?”
“No, but it’s not as bad as they’re making it out to be.”
“You are accusing them of lying?”
“Have you even met them?  You can’t believe anything they say because they turn everything into a fish story.”
“A fish story…?”
“Yeah, you know, when you catch one small fish that manages to get bigger and bigger with every telling until it’s practically Moby Dick…?”
“So, in point of fact, you admit to striking them, but insist that they are guilty of gross exaggeration as to the severity of their wounds.”
“Wounds…?  Give me a break.  Look, I punched them, but I never actually hurt any of them.  In point of fact, I hurt my hand more than I hurt them, but I had to do something.  If you’d seen how they used to act, you’d have slugged them, too.  I guess Blake was on vacation when they were growing up, because the mouth on those boys…” Brit shuddered.  “Anyway, you’re welcome to ask them when I’m not around and remind them that their mom will have their hides if they don’t cough up the truth.”
“I shall take that under advisement.”
“You do that.  And be sure to ask about the very first time I slugged one of them.  That should show you what I was up against.”
“As you say,” Minsk nodded.  “Rod, Nick asked me to tell you that the jet has passed the Pre-flight.”
“Does that mean Conn and Spence are leaving already?” Brit asked in dismay.  “We barely had any time to visit last night.”
“I’m afraid so,” Rod said.  “We have to get them back to New York tonight so they can take care of their mom.”
“Their mom…?  What’s wrong with Aunt Alicia?”
“Nothing, but the boys need to be there to watch over her while her husband is at work.”
“I’ve put her in danger, too,” Brit wailed.  
“Hey hey hey,” Connor said as he made the top of the stairs behind Minsk, “it’s not your fault.  We’ve known since we were old enough to understand anything that the Society was after us.”
“Yep,” Spencer concurred as he followed Connor to where Brit stood practically wringing her hands, “we grew up with that constantly hanging over our heads.  That’s nothing new.”
“But I’m the one that put our family at risk…put Aunt Alicia at risk.”
“We’re all in this together,” Connor said pulling her into a hug.  “We’ll get through this…we just have to stay close and have each other’s backs.”
“Don’t let anything happen to her,” Brit whispered burying her face in Connor’s neck.  “I couldn’t stand that.”
“Oh man,” Spencer groaned, “I forgot to charge my phone.  I’d have made a killing charging admission to my videos of Amazon Brit speechless and crying.”
“Ow, Brit!” he exclaimed as the heel of her foot landed on his toes.  “Damn girl!  What was that for?”
Pulling away from Connor, Brit glared at Spencer, “I may have been temporarily speechless, but I was not crying because I don’t cry.”
“Okay okay,” Spencer said limping past Connor towards the stairs.  “One of these days,” he muttered under his breath.
“Not as long as there’s an Alpha,” Brit called after him.  “Dad was right…I did find something else good about him.”
“Leave it to Amazon Brit to figure out how use Blake’s Alpha power to continue the beatings without getting hurt,” Connor said shaking his head and grinning as he followed after his brother.  “Take care, Brit.  Love ya, girl!”
“Love you, too.  Give your mom a big hug for me.”
“Will do,” Connor’s voice floated up to her before she heard the front door open and shut.
“Well, I guess that’s my cue,” Rod said as he shook hands with Minsk.  “Send Doc Dawson along as soon as he’s satisfied with the boy’s condition.”
“I will have Sinclair drive him to the airstrip shortly.”
“And very nice to meet you, Brit,” Rod nodded in her direction.  “If Nick steps out of line, I know what to threaten him with now.”
“But I didn’t do anything!”

Wednesday, May 30th

Chapter 22

Glendale, California

“Order for Chang,” Stephanie said into the microphone.
“Stephanie, order up for the window,” Mr. Harvey called.  “Tiffany, get over here and deliver the Chang order.”
“I’m taking orders,” Tiffany retorted.  “Besides, Steph called it out.”
“Food’s getting cold, girl.”
“Do this…do that…” she groused as she threw down the pencil.  “Make up your mind.”
“Any year now…”
“It’s not like it’s under a heat lamp or anything.”
“Smart ass,” the manager muttered turning his back on her.
Glaring daggers at him, Tiffany grabbed the tray and spun around…right into Tanner.  Unfortunately, even though she and the tray stopped on a dime, the burger and fries kept right on going.
Instinctively, Tanner grabbed for and caught the burger and the container of fries, but most of the fries went flying all over him before landing on the floor.
“Glad I already took Mr. Chang his soda,” Tanner said good-naturedly.  “I only have two hands.”
“How did you do that?” Tiffany asked in amazement.
“Good reflexes,” Tanner shrugged as he placed the burger and empty container back on the tray.  “We’ll need another order of fries for Mr. Chang,” he called.
“What did Tiffany do now?” Mr. Harvey asked in resignation from behind the tall metal bar.
“I ran into her,” Tanner corrected.  “We managed to save the burger, though, so I call that a win.”
“Humph,” Mr. Harvey grunted before turning back to the fryolators and dumping a new batch of fries in.  “I swear that girl is going to cost me way more than she’s worth.”
“Oh, and order in,” Tanner said grinning as he slapped the paper on one of the spikes.
“You know it was my fault,” Tiffany said in a low tone.
“Here, I’ll deliver that,” Tanner offered taking the tray from her.  “I’ll explain the situation with the fries to Mr. Chang and give him a free ice cream cone for dessert.”
“Mr. Harvey will have a cow.”
“Good, then we can milk him and make ice cream out of that.  Won’t cost him a dime.”
“If he catches you giving away free stuff, he’ll fire you.”
“Then I better make it a big one.  Just as well be hung as a sheep than a lamb.”
“You’re weird,” Tiffany said shaking her head and trying not to laugh as she headed back to the counter.
“And you’re beginning to like it,” Tanner murmured as he headed into the dining room to deliver Mr. Chang’s order.  “Although I doubt you’ll admit it…even to yourself.

~**~

“So, where’s the boyfriend been the last few days?  Did you wise up and dump him already?”
“I asked Rick to keep away the first week so I could get good at the job without him around making me nervous.”
“And he was fine with that?  Wow…what a paragon.”
“There’s no need for sarcasm,” Stephanie frowned.  “He didn’t want to stay away, but he understood, so we’re talking on the phone after work every night.”
“Ah…that’s why you take off for the backyard as soon as we get home,” Tiffany said.  “You know you can use our room…you don’t have to hide out in the dark.  I’m not interested in your silly little convos.”
“I’m not hiding…I just don’t want to disturb people.”
“Or maybe you just don’t want anyone to know your boyfriend isn’t really that into you.  I mean, any guy that would agree to stay away for a whole week…”
“I told you, he’s very understanding.”
“No need to get defensive…I’m just saying…”
“Look, Tiff, I don’t have time to stand around doing nothing while you trash Rick,” Stephanie said in irritation.  “I have a customer at the window and you have one at the counter.”
Watching Stephanie’s stiff back as she stalked to the window, Tiffany wondered if maybe she’d struck a nerve.  It was possible that the same doubts about Rick’s interest level had crossed her twin’s mind and that was why she’d been so touchy.
“You really don’t like your twin’s boyfriend, do you?” a voice called from behind her.
Turning towards the counter, Tiffany narrowed her eyes at the ordinary-looking guy standing there with a knowing smirk on his face.
“Do I know you?”
“Not yet, but we could change that…I’m Floyd.”
“Like I care,” Tiffany shrugged as she picked up a pad and pencil.  “Do you want to order something or not?”
“I’ll take a glass of iced tea.”
“To go?”
“Nope, I’ll be hanging around for a while.”
“I have a boyfriend,” Tiffany warned as she rang up his order, “and he’s a football player that doesn’t take kindly to some strange guy hitting on me.”
“Don’t worry, I have a girlfriend, but that doesn’t mean we can’t be friends.”
“Yes it does,” Tiffany contradicted.  “That will be a dollar twenty-five.”
“Expensive tea.”
“Free refills.”
“Cool,” he said as he dug some change out of his front pants pocket.  “It sounds like you want to get rid of your sister’s boyfriend.”
“Don’t tell me, let me guess,” Tiffany snorted as she took his money and stuck it in the drawer, “you want to help me with that.”
“I could.”
“Yeah well, I could do a lot of things, but that doesn’t mean I should.”
“Okay, no problem,” Floyd shrugged.
Tiffany could feel the guy’s eyes on her as she filled a red glass, and it creeped her out more than a little.  Handing him the tea, she was careful not to allow any skin to skin contact.  She didn’t want to give him the wrong idea.
“I’ll be around if you change your mind,” he said before sauntering off to find an empty table.
“Oh joy,” Tiffany muttered as she turned to the next customer in line.

~**~

“I’m done with my break,” Tanner said as he joined Tiffany at the counter.  “Your turn.”
“Just how many breaks do you think you’re supposed to take in one day,” a familiar voice asked from the other side of the counter.
“Joey!” Tanner exclaimed.  “You’re finally here!”
“Joey…?” Tiffany asked in disbelief looking the hunky guy up and down.  “You’re scrawny cousin Joey that visited us like forever ago?”
“One and the same,” Joey said chuckling.  “What can I say…?  I filled out.”
“Looks like.”
“Don’t tell me…let me guess…you must be Tiff the Troublemaking Twin.”
“I’m betting that you sat up all night coming up with that and, by the way, you’re one to be talking,” she scoffed.  “At least I never took Dad’s car joyriding without a license.”
“You told her?” Joey turned to Tanner in disbelief.
“Tiff is the resident eavesdropper,” Tanner shrugged.  “We used to catch her all the time, but she must have gotten better at it because everybody seems to think she’s changed.”
“Not likely,” Joey scoffed.  “You know, Tiff, eavesdroppers never hear anything good about themselves.”
“I don’t care what people say about me.  I’m going on break now.”
“After you’re done, let Steph know so she can take hers,” Tanner reminded her.
“Sure, whatever,” Tiffany called over her shoulder.
“Dude, unless she’s changed a lot in the three years since your last visit, you know she won’t.”
“Oh she’s changed alright,” Tanner said shaking his head, “she’s gotten worse.  So, my deadbeat brothers finally showed up and let you off the hook?”
“Hey, I wasn’t on a hook…your mother is hilarious and we had a great time, but yeah, your brothers got in alright.”
“Finally.”
“Hey, and get this…they were helping Blake with the you-know-what.”
“Seriously?  Man, I wish I could’ve been there.  Did you find out what’s happening?”
“Not much.”
“Well shoot.”
“You know Blake and his need to know rules.”
“True,” Tanner sighed.  “So, what can I get you?”
“How do you know I haven’t already eaten?”
“What does that have to do with ordering?”
“You make a valid point,” Joey grinned.  “I’m always hungry.  What’s good here?”
“The Binge Buster…it’s the biggest burger we sell.”
“Aw dude…you know me so well…I’ll take it.”

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana

Although he could hear someone moving around, Quort couldn’t quite seem to force his eyelids to cooperate.
“Where am I?”
Quort wasn’t sure he’d spoken out loud, but he was pretty sure he had and definitely expected some sort of response.  There was none.  In fact, there was no sound at all as far as he could tell.
Forcing his eyes open a slit, he grimaced at the painful light that came flooding in and let them fall shut again.
“Too bright,” he somehow managed to form the words even though his lips—along with the rest of his body—didn’t seem to want to cooperate.
Well that’s not normal, he decided.  My lips always do what I want.  
At that thought, he could feel laughter bubbling up inside of him and suddenly he heard the scariest sound ever.  It sounded kind of like a cross between a donkey and a frog.
A fronkey…cool idea for a monster movie!
The sound of footsteps hurrying away from him and a door squeaking toned down his laughing fit, although he had trouble stopping.
“Wait…why are you leaving?” he asked in alarm around the laughing he couldn’t seem to control.  “Come back.”
The sound of footsteps returning made him a lot happier.
“Quort…can you hear me?” a familiar voice asked with what sounded like panic.  “Oh man!  You don’t sound good at all.  I’ll be right back…I have to get the nurse.”
“I am already here, Brittany,” an unfamiliar voice chimed in.  “Georgia came to get me as soon as your friend awoke.”
“Georgia…?” Quort repeated in confusion.  “Who the heck is Georgia?”
“Thank goodness you’re here…he sounds awful.”
And just like that, Quort realized that he was the fronkey…and a heaving fronkey at that.  No wonder the girl called Brittany was panicking.
“I’m…” he wheezed, “I’m…”
“I will check with Jeanluc and see if enough time has passed since the last breathing treatment.”
“That would be great, Mrs. Minsk…I mean, Dawn.”
“I do answer to either.”
“Well, for the record, I only answer to Brit.”
“Brit!” the fronkey croaked, finally recognizing Brittany as his friend Brit.
“He does sound rather wheezy.  I won’t be long.”
“Thanks.”
“Brit,” Quort croaked again.
“It’s okay, Quort, you’re safe now,” Brit soothed.  “Just rest…and breathe…breathing’s good.  Do you want some ice chips?  It might help your hoarse throat.”
“Horse…?  There’s no horse here,” Quort contradicted.  “I’m a fronkey”
“Quort…can you hear me?”
Realizing that somehow his words weren’t getting through, Quort nodded instead.
“If you can hear me, wiggle your finger or something.”
“What do you mean?” Quort asked in exasperation.  “Why should I do any of that when I’m nodding and talking to you.”
“It’s okay, Quort.  You don’t have to try to talk.  I didn’t mean to set off your wheezing again…just relax and breathe…breathe.  Okay good…much better…so, let’s try this…open your mouth if you want ice.”
Quort’s lips opened just a crack and Brit spooned a small amount of ice into his mouth.
“Oh, great…you did great!  That’s it, Quort, now see if you can swallow it.”
The ice felt good going down his dry throat and he sighed in relief.
“Awesome!  You look more relaxed and your breathing already sounds better,” Brit said.  “Here…have some more.”
After spooning a bit more into his mouth, Brit set the cup and spoon on a tray by the table and sat back in her chair, satisfied.
After a few moments, she couldn’t help herself and asked, “Can you open your eyes, Quort?”
A quick shake of the head, and Quort wished he’d hadn’t.  Moaning in pain, he tried to lift his hands to his head, but it felt as if they weighed a ton.
“Quort!” Brit exclaimed in horror.  “Oh damn…what the hell did I do?  And what the hell should I do now?” 
“What…wrong…?” he finally managed to get out, thanks to the lubricating effects of the melting ice on his throat.
Oh wow, that’s what talking feels like, Quort thought in wonder, realizing he hadn’t actually been speaking before…except inside his own head.
Following close on the heels of that revelation came his next one.
Ouch ouch ouch!  Talking bad…very very bad…
“You can talk!  That’s good…or maybe that’s bad,” Brit said in a worried tone while Quort snorted in amusement at the echoing of his own words, once more allowing his inner fronkey free rein.  “Oh no, you sound awful again.”
“Tell…me…” he gasped out.
“I don’t think you should be talking.”
“What…wrong…” was all Quort could get out the second time.
“Oh, right…I forgot…you asked what’s wrong.  Sorry, I’m not thinking too clearly at the moment and…”
“Brit!” he croaked.
“Oops…sorry again…I’ve just been so stressed with all the…things and…well…it’s been crazy and I…but you don’t care about any of that.  What if I do all the talking and you promise to keep quiet?  That should work.  Let me think what all the doctor listed…um…well…you’re dehydrated…and malnourished…those I’m sure of.  I think he said you have pneumonia and something that sounded like a pie of some sort, but that can’t be right.  I don’t know.  They said they haven’t taken an x-ray since you got here to the ranch because they didn’t want to disturb you, so they’ve just been listening to your lungs with their…uh…thingy.  They don’t know for sure if the pneumonia is improving, but since you’re awake now, I’m thinking that’s a good sign.”
“Ranch…?”
It took major effort for Quort to speak, but at least Brit could understand him instead of assuming it was just him breathing funny.  Apparently, it was scary breathing, judging by Brit’s reactions…kind of like Darth Vader…except Quort didn’t have a mask…even though that would be stinkin’ cool…
Okay, stop and focus…Brit’s talking…what’s she saying…?
 “…says you’ll be fine with rest and fluids and some antibiotics,” Brit was continuing in what Quort considered an overly cheery manner, at least for her.  “So…no need to go to the hospital.  That’s good news…right…?  I mean, I hate hospitals…”
Suddenly, a disturbing memory flitted through his mind…he was sitting in camp editing his video and a car pulled up…yes, there was a car…and a man…some guy he’d never seen before…and the man got out and walked up to Quort and…
“Man…?”
“What man?”
“Camp…”
“Oh, him…um…how much do you remember about what happened at the camp?”
“Some…”
“We can do this later, you know…when you’re feeling…”
“Now…”
“Did the man talk to you?”
“Dad…friend…”
“He said he was a friend of your dad’s?”
“Watch…tape…”
“He watched tape…?”
“I…made…”
“The video you were making…he watched it?”
Quort nodded ever so slightly.
“Was he standing behind you?”
Again, Quort nodded, careful not to overdo it.
“Then what happened?”
“Don’t…know…”
“Here we are,” Dawn said breezing in with Dr. Minsk following closely behind her.  “How’s the patient.”
“I gave him some ice and he seems much better,” Brit volunteered.  “He was telling me about the last thing he remembers.  Something about a friend of his dad’s watching the videos he’d made, but that’s all he remembers.”
“That is progress,” Minsk said uncurling his stethoscope.  “May I have a listen?”
Quort nodded slightly, it was all he had the energy to do, and as he drifted back off to sleep he could have sworn he heard Brit say something like, “Can I tell him that Freddie’s here?”
Freddie…cool, he thought as he let go and moved into the land of dreams.

Thursday, May 31st

Chapter 23

Berkeley, California

“Hey Sam!” an unwelcome voice called from behind her.  “Fancy running into you here.”
“In front of the only girls’ dorm open for orientation the final morning of said orientation…?” Samantha raised an eyebrow.  “Wow!  Imagine that.”
“Okay, you got me,” Lee admitted chuckling.  “I dropped by hoping to catch you before you left.”
“Why?”
“My my, but you’re awfully blunt.”
“I thought you’d have figured that out by now.”
“Since we didn’t get to spend much time together this week because of Winston,” Lee said sneering at Thorn’s given name, “I haven’t had a chance to figure anything out about you.  However, I was hoping to make up for it by buying you a soda so we could get to know each other better.”
“Sorry, I don’t have time.  Maybe I’ll see you on campus when the fall semester starts.”
“Aw…c’mon Sam, it’s just a soda and some friendly conversation.”
“Sorry, Lee, but I’m meeting Thorn here in a few minutes and then we’re heading home.”
“You two sure don’t act like boyfriend and girlfriend.”
“Oh really…?  How do you think couples act?  Hanging all over each other in public…?  Making everyone else around them uncomfortable…?  Sorry, but I think that type of thing is ridiculous.”
“Well, he’s late, isn’t he?  I don’t think that’s how a guy should treat the woman he’s seeing.  Are you sure that he’s coming?”
“He’ll be here.”
“Just call him and tell him we’ll be down the street at the diner.  No reason to stand out here all alone in the parking lot.”
“I’ve already…” Samantha began and then stopped abruptly.
“He’s not answering, is he?  I bet he’s cheating on you…probably with that Vickie girl.  The two of them are off somewhere making out and he lost track of time.”
“He wouldn’t do that.”
“It’s just one little soda,” Lee coaxed.  “It’s not like I’m trying to get you drunk or anything.”
“Look, Lee, I’m sure you’re a nice guy and all, but I’m just not interested.  Now if you’ll excuse me…”
“I’m afraid I can’t do that,” Lee said closing his fingers around her upper arm.  “Damn it girl, why did you have to be so stubborn?”
“Let go of me right now, Lee, or I swear you’ll regret it.”
“Afraid I can’t do that, either.”
“What do you think you’re doing?” Samantha yelled as Lee yanked her arm throwing her off balance.  
 “What I’ve been trying to do all week,” Lee growled as he pulled her towards a lone old blue pickup with a mismatched topper on the back.  “If you had only just cooperated…”
“I’ve got news for you, buster,” Samantha said as she managed to find her feet and dig in, refusing to budge, “I’m not cooperating now, either.”
“Yeah, well, I’m not asking,” he said as he attempted to twist her arm behind her back.
Amusement temporarily replacing her fear, Samantha used his inept attempt against him as she continued to spin and twisted out of his grasp before putting some distance between them.
“You do realize that I probably outweigh you by a good ten pounds…right…?” she laughed.  “Plus the fact that I’ve been lifting weights for years.  I really think you should quit while you’re ahead.  Ahead of the police, that is.”
“You want to play rough?” Lee asked reaching behind his back and lifting up his shirt.  “I can play rough.”
“You’re going to shoot me?” Samantha asked in disbelief as he produced what looked like an old Colt revolver.  “In a public parking lot in broad daylight…?  Are you insane?”
“A fairly deserted public parking lot, for your information, now get in the back of the pickup or you’ll see just how insane I am,” Lee said, adding, “and don’t answer that cell, if you know what’s good for you,” at the sound of Samantha’s phone ringing from inside her bag.
That had to be Thorn calling to tell her he was heading her way, so all Samantha had to do was stall until he could get there.  She hoped he was close.
“Did I tell you that my Dad was in the Marines?” Samantha asked as she took a small step towards the pickup thinking furiously.
 “Bully for him,” Lee sneered as he moved to follow her.  “Now shut up and get in.”
“And he only had girls so when he realized that I was a Tomboy, he started taking me out to the range.”
“Guess what,” Lee said as he shoved the barrel of his gun into her back.  “I don’t give a damn.”
“Well, you should because I know that Colt you’re carrying has the safety on,” Samantha said once more spinning around, finding his stomach with her elbow.
With an ‘oomph’, Lee jackknifed into a semi-standing fetal position, cradling his midsection, the gun hanging loosely in his grasp.
“And that’s how my daddy taught me to do it,” Samantha said in satisfaction as she took the Colt from his unresisting fingers.
“Remind me never to mess with you, Miss Samantha Martha,” Thorn said in admiration from behind her.
“I told you, that’s not my last name and don’t you dare ask me to twitch anything; I’ve had a rough day.”
“I think Lee had a rougher one,” he grinned as he moved past her and forced Samantha’s groaning would-be kidnapper face down on the ground.  “Do you want to dial 9-1-1 or should I?”
Carefully setting the gun down on the pavement, Samantha pulled out her phone and said, “Please, allow me.”

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana

“Hey, thanks for bringing me some real food this morning.  That was the best cream of wheat and homemade bread I’ve ever had, and that’s saying something.”
Without looking up, the girl placed the tray on the hospital table next to his bed.
“What’s your name?”
Instead of answering, she began arranging the flatware before unfolding the napkin.
“Are you gonna make me guess?  Well, okay…I can do that.  Hmm…let me think.  Could it be Frieda…?  No…?  Um…how about Mitzi…?  No again?  Jessica…?  Natalie…?  Still nothing…?  Batting a thousand here.  Hey, maybe I’m going about this all wrong.  Let’s try John…?  Bob…?  Jim…?  Frank…?  Harry…?  No, that can’t be right because you don’t look at all hairy to me, unless you’ve got an incredibly sharp razor.  And still no response.  Man, I must be slipping.  I’ve never had this much trouble getting a girl to talk to me before.  I’ve got it!  Are you deaf?  Well that’s a stupid question…cuz if you’re deaf you can’t hear somebody ask you that, can you?”
Gratified and encouraged to see the sides of the cute girl’s mouth curve up ever so slightly as she placed the napkin on his chest, Quort continued, “Unless you can lip read…?  Can you lip read?  Oh wait, for that you’d have to look at me and we wouldn’t want that cuz I’m kind of hard on the eyes right now.  I know you won’t believe me, seeing me like this and all, but I used to be hot.  And I don’t mean I had a fever, even though I’ve probably had a lot of fever the past few days.  Will you feed me?”
Startled by the quick change of subject, the girl’s eyes flew to his face.
“Wow, you have the prettiest green eyes I’ve ever seen.”
Blushing a very attractive pink, the girl quickly lowered her beautiful eyes and backed away from the bed.
“Seriously, I need help…with the food, anyway.  My arms are still sort of weak and I’m having trouble holding onto a fork or spoon and it’s kind of hard to eat some foods without those.  Gotta say, I never thought eating would be a problem for me.”
At the frown creasing her forehead, he explained, “Brit helped this morning, but I think she’s out riding horses.  Brit and horses…now that’s a combo that blows the mind to smithereens.  Poor horse…having to listen to her all the time.  Do they have horsey ear plugs around here?  I’m thinking it would be a good idea…to save the horse from committing horsey-cide.”
Encouraged by the beginnings of a smile, Quort continued, “So anyway, if you don’t help me with the food, all of that delicious smelling homemade tomato soup and sourdough bread will totally go to waste seeing as it will be all down the front of my hospital gown, which isn’t a good look on me, I can tell ya.”
Once more, those gorgeous green eyes met his in surprise.
“What…?  You didn’t realize you were feeding a true connoisseur of any type of food on the planet?  Yep, that’s me.  I’ve got the best sniffer in the universe.  You put me in a room with…shoot, you put me in a house with food and I’ll tell you what it is…even if I’m nowhere near the kitchen.”
At her skeptical look, he continued, thrilled to have her total attention, “I may not look like much now, but let me tell you, I can eat my way through a ton of food and come back for more.  Those pie-eating contests…?” Quort snorted.  “Strictly light-weights…a bunch of wimps.  So…will you help me build up my stamina again?” 
“Quort!” Brit exclaimed from the doorway.  “What do you think you’re doing?”
“I was just asking…” he began as the girl quickly turned away and slipped out the door while Brit moved obligingly out of her path.  “Aw hell…why’d you go and do that for?  We were finally starting to connect.”
“I can’t believe you…you…Mister Chase-Every-Woman-on-the-Planet-Even-When-You’re-at-Death’s-Door Britches.  Have you no shame?”
“What?  I didn’t do anything.”
“You’re a guest here and you were asking her to help you build up your stamina,” Brit accused, “and then you said you were finally starting to connect with her.”
“Hey, that’s not what I meant…geez Brit, I was almost dead just a few days ago.  I’m not even thinking about sex right now…and I can’t believe I just said that.”
“Did you just make my point for me?  You have a one-track mind.”
“For your information, I have a two-track mind…food and sex and it was totally on food when I was asking that girl to help me eat since you deserted me for your horsey friend.  That’s all it was.  We were talking about food and I was impressing the hell out of her with my sniffer and telling her how much I can eat and…oh damn…I was thinking about sex, wasn’t I?  Future sex, anyway.”
“Yep…and you need to stop that…right now.  Georgia isn’t a girl you want to mess around with, believe me.  Her brother would pound you into a bloody pulp and ruin all the work that British doctor did on you.  Are you listening to me, Quort?  Leave Georgia alone.”
“Georgia,” Quort murmured in approval, oblivious to Brit’s warnings, “I like it…I really like it.  Much better than hairy.”
“Oh damn,” Brit muttered, shaking her head in exasperation as she took the cover off the food tray, “I don’t know why I’m bothering to feed him…he’s so dead.”

Glendale, California

“Your hands are shaking.  Are you sure you’re okay?” Thorn asked in concern as he pulled up in front of Samantha’s house and put his pickup in park.  “I can come in with you if you like.”
“No, that’s okay…I’m fine.  It’s just reaction setting in, that’s all.”
“You know you were kick-ass…right…?”
“I guess I was,” Samantha acknowledged, the hint of a smile curving her lips.  “Never would have guessed that all Dad’s training and roughhousing with my cousins would come in handy some day.”
“I’m just glad you were able to hold him off until I got there.  And have I apologized for that, by the way?”
“Way too many times to count.  It’s not your fault that somebody swiped your phone and you had to chase them down.”
“When you didn’t answer…I can’t tell you how that made me feel.  I really kicked it into high gear then.”
“For the hundredth time, it’s fine.  We aren’t really girlfriend and boyfriend and I don’t expect you to drop everything just for me.”
“But we’re friends, aren’t we?  And friends take care of each other.”
“You know, I wasn’t sure about you when we first met, especially after you tried to lay one on me, but yeah…we’re friends and I’m actually looking forward to seeing you again in the fall.  You can be a lot of fun when you’re not being an ass.”
“I’ll take that back-handed compliment and do you one better.  We don’t have to wait that long.  I only live twenty to thirty minutes away…in decent traffic…”
“Yeah, but starting tomorrow I’m going to be too busy and too tired to do more than eat, sleep, and work.”
“Hmm…you never know…I might wake up craving a Binge Buster one of these days.”
“Hmm…you never know…I might just grill you one.”
“Sounds like a date.”
“Thorn…”
“Just kidding.”
“Um…you know…my sisters and a cousin will be working with me, so if you happen to meet them…”
“You don’t want me to say anything about the almost kidnapping.”
“I’ll tell my parents, of course, but no reason to scare the rest of the family.”
“I promise I won’t mention it to any of your family members if I’m fortunate enough to meet them…unless they bring it up.  That way I’ll know that they already know.”
“Great…I really appreciate it.”
“No problem.  Take care and I’ll see you around.”
“Thanks for the ride…and…everything.”
“My pleasure.”
As soon as Samantha disappeared into the house, Thorn texted 411 and a minute later his cell rang.
“Hey Blake…yeah, we called the police and Sam gave a statement…no, there weren’t any Pack members on duty at the time…the kid was actually targeting her from the first day so I’m thinking it was the Society, or somebody they hired…no, but that’s only because I didn’t have to do anything except subdue him since Sam had him incapacitated by the time I got there…she’s pretty kickass…you bet I’m in, I’ll do whatever I can to help…alright, let me know…I thought I’d grab a burger every other day or so…yeah, she’s okay with it, we’re friends now…no, definitely nothing serious there…well…um…her right hook was my first clue…I know, patience is key…yep, I deserved it…okay…right…will do…oh, and by the way, I’m thinking that Sam is going to downplay the whole thing to her parents and I promised not to say anything to any family members that I might meet unless they already know about it, so I thought you might want to call and talk to her dad…good…okay…catch you later…bye…”
“Not as bad as I thought it would be,” Thorn murmured as he pulled out onto the street, “but I doubt he’ll be that understanding the next time I try to jump the gun and get punched for my troubles, so I’ll make sure there is no next time.”

Friday, June 1st

Chapter 24

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana

“Freddie!” Quort exclaimed as Brit wheeled him into the room.  “I couldn’t believe it when Brit told me you were here.  Dude!  What happened to you?  You look awful!”
“I…I was…” Freddie stammered turning to Brit with a ‘help me’ expression twisting his face.
“I told you he was in an accident not too far from here,” Brit broke in earning her a ‘thank you’ nod from the flustered patient.  “Some guy lost control of his car and it jumped the curb and hit him.  Don’t you ever listen to anything I say?”
“Oh right…I forgot.  Damn, Freddie…and here I was thinking I was in bad shape.”
“Uh…I hate to break it to you, Quort, but you are.”
“Yeah, but at least I’m not all taped up everywhere like he is.  What all is wrong with you, anyway?”
“That’s Quort,” Brit sighed as she parked him next to the bed and put the brakes on.  “No tact at all.”
“Ha!  You’re one to be talking.  That’s what my mom would call a pot and kettle situation.”
“Can’t argue with that,” Brit shrugged.
“So what were you doing around here anyway, Freddie?  Brit’s mouth was in hyper-drive and I couldn’t catch everything she was saying earlier.”
“Oh…well…I…”
“Is there anything I can get you before I take off and leave the two of you alone, Freddie?” Brit interrupted once more.
“Actually…” Freddie began, turning to her gratefully.
“Okay, I might not be the sharpest stick in this stack, but even I know the two of you are hiding something, so spill.”
“We’ll talk about it later, Quort,” Brit warned in a low voice, futilely wishing she’d thought ahead and come up with a good reason why Freddie was at the ranch.
She’d come up with an awesome explanation of how she and Quort had ended up there, but hadn’t even considered him asking about Freddie.
“I want to talk about it now.”
Suddenly hit with an inspiration, Brit turned to Quort and scolded him.
“Why the heck couldn’t you leave poor Freddie at least a little dignity and let me tell you later when we’re alone?”
“A little dignity…?” Quort repeated in surprise.  “What’s she talking about, Freddie?”
Before Freddie could blow the whole thing, Brit hastily continued, “Freddie has a huge crush on Dee and decided to follow us after we left the hotel where we first ran into him.”
“You’re after our Dee?” Quort asked narrowing his eyes in suspicion.
“I just wanted to get to know her better,” Freddie shrugged in honest frustration.  “I’ve never had the chance to date and…”
“You’ve never dated?” Quort exclaimed.  “Where the hell were you living…in a monastery?”
“Why do you find that so hard to believe?” Brit asked.  “Dee’s never dated either.  It happens.”
“Yeah, to girls maybe, but you’re a guy, dude.  You’re not gay, are you?”
“Do you ever listen to yourself?  Or anyone else, for that matter…?  I just said he likes Dee.”
“Oh, right…that’s a relief because we spent the whole night laying on his bed watching movies that night at the hotel.”
“And that’s my cue to leave,” Brit said as she headed for the door.  “Call out when you’re ready to go back to your room.  Don’t overstay your welcome.  Freddie needs his rest…you both do.”
“I wouldn’t have believed it was possible for her to get even more bossy,” Quort muttered as the door shut.  “I hope Jay and Dee get back from their trip soon or she might try to take over the place.  At least Jay knows how to keep her under control.  Better him than me, I gotta say.”
“Their trip…?”
“Brit didn’t tell you?  Somebody they both knew from their science club died and they flew back to California for the funeral.”
“Oh, right…I forgot…must be the concussion messing with my head.”
“And your ribs…I remember now…Brit said you broke a few.  That’s gotta hurt.”
“The doctor keeps me on pain killers, so I’m doing okay.”
“Why did he only cover the front part?  Isn’t a wrap supposed to go all the way around?”
“Oh, the bandages aren’t for my ribs.  I was cut up fairly badly.  The doctor said he might wrap my ribs when I start moving around, but for right now it’s more important to be able to breathe or I could develop pneumonia.”
“Well, I can tell you from experience, pneumonia is no fun, dude.  I can’t find a single part of me that doesn’t hurt.”
“I’m sorry you’re in so much pain.”
“Thanks, man, and speaking of pain, have you seen a TV around this joint?  Because I’m already suffering withdrawal.”
“Er…no, I haven’t.”
“Well that sucks.  Nobody can find my phone, either, and I need my Sci-Fi fix.  Don’t you?”
“I’m glad you brought that up because there is something I need to tell you.”
“Okay, dude, shoot…”
“In the interest of honesty,” Freddie said, “I have to admit, I had never watched a Sci-Fi movie in my life until the marathon we had in my room that night at the hotel.”
“You mean all that time we were talking, you didn’t get any of my references?”
“I had no idea,” Freddie confessed, “but everything you said was so very interesting and…well…fun…and I know it sounds lame, but I don’t know much about fun.”
“You didn’t get any of my references?”
“No…I am truly sorry.”
“How could I have missed that?”
“Because you carry on conversations all by yourself most of the time,” Brit pointed out from the doorway.  “You’re always doing that because none of us ever know what the heck you’re talking about when it comes to Sci-Fi.”
“Well, that’s true,” Quort conceded with a grin.  “What are you doing back here already?  I don’t want to go back to my room yet.”
“I couldn’t help myself, I had to check on both of you.”
“Brit the nurse…who’d have thought?”
 “What can I say, I feel responsible for your well-being since I’m the one that begged the ranch owner to take you in.  It’s ridiculous not to have a hospital around here.”
“Well, if Dee hadn’t taken us to the back of beyond none of this would’ve happened.  On the other hand, it’s kind of cool that you have to wait on me.”
 “Yeah, well, it’s a one-time thing so don’t get used to it.  Once you’re both back on your feet, I’ll once more revert to Miss Whatever-is-the-Total-Opposite-of-a-Tender-Loving-Caring-Nurse Britches.”
“It was because of your father, wasn’t it?” Quort asked.
“What?” Freddie blinked in surprise.
“The whole no dating or fun of any kind…it was your father’s doing, wasn’t it.”
“You know about his father?” Brit asked wide-eyed.
“He told me a little about him when we first met up at the hotel and I was doing the Marco Polo thing with the key bob and the SUV…you know, to find where Dee parked it,” Quort explained.  “Freddie said he’d never heard of the game Marco Polo because his father never let him play in the pool.  The man sounded like a downer, so I figured that’s why Freddie never had any fun.”
“It’s true,” Freddie admitted.  “Fun was not in his vocabulary.”
“Oh hey, Georgia,” Brit said as she stepped aside to let the girl standing behind her into Freddie’s room.  “Isn’t it a bit early for lunch?”
“My schedule is rather haywire at the moment,” Freddie explained.  “The painkillers knock me out at the oddest hours so Georgia kindly sees to it that I receive nourishment when I am awake.”
 “Georgia,” Quort lit up in delight, “you haven’t come to see me since Brit interrupted us yesterday.  Why did you let Brit bring me my food this morning, anyway?  Not that I’m complaining about the food cuz that omelet was pretty stinkin’ awesome.  Still, I missed seeing you.  Brit just doesn’t know how to present a meal.  With her it’s like, here-it-is-eat-it-or-not-I-don’t-care-gotta-go-now-bye.  Good thing I’m doing better and able to pick up a fork now.”
“Hey, I’m not that bad,” Brit protested.
“Yeah you’re exactly that bad.  So…I smell stew…very yummy stew…and I’m sitting here wondering if there is anyway I could have me some of that, Gorgeous Georgia…pretty please with sugar cookies on it?”
Placing the tray on Freddie’s hospital table, Georgia threw a half-smile in Quort’s direction and nodded.  Realizing that she had an astonished audience of two, she turned and hurriedly left the room.  She was back with another tray so quickly that Brit and Freddie were still gaping after her with opened mouths.  After placing Quort’s tray on the hospital table next to Freddie’s, Georgia wasted no time in exiting, shutting the door behind her.
“Well, that happened,” Brit said finally coming out of her stupor.  “Even wasting away to nothing, you’ve still got it, Quort.”
“Yep,” Quort nodded, licking his lips in satisfaction as he lifted the cover on his tray.  “I thought I smelled homemade cornbread.”
“Enjoy your meal,” Brit suggested, “because at the rate you’re going with Georgia, it may be your last.”
“At least I’ll die happy,” he said with a grin as he picked up his spoon and dug in with relish.

Glendale, California

“Give Sam the keys, Tiff.”
“That’s so not fair, Tanner.  She wasn’t even supposed to start work until Monday.”
“None of us were,” Stephanie pointed out.  “Things change.”
“Give her the keys.”
“You’ve been all, ‘I’m the oldest therefore I must drive’ all week and suddenly it’s ‘Give Sam the keys, Tiff’.  How come you’ll let Sam drive, but you won’t let me?”  
“Because now she’s the oldest and it’s her parents’ car.”
“You’re the same age and besides, they’re my parents, too.”
“She’s got a few months on me and anyway, Steph is next in line to drive…not you.”
“We’re the same age!” Tiffany yelled in frustration.  “Why don’t you just take the bus all the way to work instead of coming to our house?”
“Because then I couldn’t spend all of this quality time with you.”
“Quality time,” Tiffany scoffed.  “Who died and made you boss, anyway?”
“Nobody died, but Uncle Trey did tell me I was in charge.”
“No he didn’t.”
“You can ask him later, but for right now, either you give Sam the keys or I’m going to take them from you.”
“You and what army?”
“I don’t need an army…”
“Tiff, please, we’re going to be late,” Stephanie said as she gently took the keys from her twin, “let it go…at least for now.”
“Let it go,” Tiffany muttered as she jerked open the back door of the car, “I’ll show them let it go…”

~**~

“Hey, Tiff,” Tanner hollered, “I need help working the front.”
“I’m doing dishes,” Tiffany hollered back.  “Three words I never thought I’d use together,” she muttered, half-heartedly swiping at a metal container with a wet rag.  “They want to do it all, fine by me.  Next time maybe they’ll think twice before taking the keys to the car away from me.”
“Order out,” Samantha called.
“Tanner needs you, Tiff,” Stephanie added moving from the window to pick up the ‘to go’ sack that Samantha had just placed under the heating lamp.  “The cars are piling up and I can’t leave the window.”
“Order out, Tiff,” Samantha yelled.
Tiffany didn’t mind so much screaming ‘order in’ at Samantha, but all that ‘order out’ business was beginning to annoy.
Like I don’t have better things to do with my life.
“I said I’m doing dishes.”
“Get out there and help them,” Samantha’s irritated voice ordered from directly behind Tiffany.  “I have food that needs to be delivered and the customers are lining up out front.”
“Well, somebody has to wash these…whatever they are…so it might as well be me.”
“That’s my job…yours is taking care of the customers and keeping the front clean.”
“How about we switch jobs?”
“You can’t cook.”
“All you do is throw the frozen stuff into one of those big grease pits and when it floats it’s ready…I heard the manager tell Steph that when he was showing her how to cook.”
“It’s called a fryolator and yeah, okay, it floats…then what do you do with it?”
“Toss it into a basket and call it fries.”
“That’s not the only thing I…oh forget it…I have a ton of orders and no time for this…either get out front right now or I’m firing you.”
“You can’t do that.”
“Watch me,” Samantha threw over her shoulder.
Grumbling, Tiffany threw the rag into the full sink, which sprayed water all over her face.
“Go ahead and fire me,” she muttered as she moved past Samantha’s area towards the counter not even bothering to wipe up the droplets, “see if I care.”
However, Tiffany did care because her father had already warned her when the manager complained to him a couple of days earlier that he wouldn’t pay for anything if she blew off the job.  She needed that money.  It would take her all the way through her senior year of cheerleading, which was going to cost a bundle.
“Take this tray first,” Samantha ordered.
“Where does it go?” Tiffany asked in a bored voice.
“I told you, go to the microphone, call out the name on the top of the ticket, and say ‘your order’s ready’.  When you see them headed towards you, come back over and get the tray.  You already know this stuff…you’ve been working here a week.”
“Fine…whatever…” Tiffany grumbled, sliding the ticket off the tray before heading over to the microphone.  “Frankie…your order’s ready.”
After the first few times, Tiffany decided she could actually like that part of the job.  Usually, Stephanie did that as well as manning the window while she and Tanner took orders, but Tiffany decided she would take over that part.  Her voice sounded better than anyone else’s over the microphone anyway.  
Of course, that was when she ran out of orders.  Instead of finding something else to do, she figured she would wait for Samantha to finish another order.
“Don’t just stand there,” Samantha said in irritation.  “Go help Tanner take orders.”
“He’s fine,” Tiffany shrugged.
“Go now.”
“I already took out a bunch of orders…I’m resting.”
“We’re in the middle of the lunch rush…there is no resting.”
“Why do I have to do all the work?”
“You took out four orders,” Samantha said in exasperation.
“That’s a bunch.”
“Just go help Tanner take orders.”
“I hate that part.”
“I don’t care!  Go!”
“Bossy…” Tiffany grumbled as she moved towards the counter.
“About time you showed up,” Tanner said, shoving an order pad and pencil into her hands.
 “Oh, Tiff is always late,” a familiar and hated voice offered.  “Aren’t you, Tiff?”
Turning back to the older couple he’d been waiting on—totally ignoring the rude comment—Tanner asked the woman, “Would you like a shake with those burgers?”
“Oh, what a good idea,” she gushed.  “What flavors do you have?”
“I think you have us confused, Ashley,” Tiffany replied in a sugary sweet voice, oddly pleased with Tanner’s lack of reaction to her fellow cheerleader.  “What can I get you?”
“I’d rather wait for him,” Ashley said smiling over at Tanner before leaning in towards Tiffany and whispering, “No wonder you wanted to work here.  He’s hot!”
Tiffany sensed Tanner stiffen beside her as he replied to the older woman’s question about the flavors available—although she was certain no one else had noticed his reaction—and wondered how he could have heard the comment when Tiffany had barely been able to decipher it even though Ashley was practically sticking her tongue in Tiffany’s ear.
“He’s not interested in you,” Tiffany whispered back with undisguised glee.  “Looks like it’s me or nothing so move it or lose it…you’re holding up the line.”
“You are the sweetest boy,” the woman was saying as Tanner rang up their total.  “Doesn’t he remind you of our son Marcus when he was that age?” she asked turning to her husband.
“Sure he does,” the man nodded, winking at Tanner.  “All nice boys remind you of Marcus.”
“Thanks for the compliment,” Tanner grinned.  “That’ll be $10.72.”
“Give the boy a nice tip,” the woman urged.
“I think the tip comes afterwards,” Tanner chuckled as he took the twenty from the husband and made change.  “You two go find a good seat and when your order’s ready, I’ll bring it out to you.”
“Don’t we have to come to the counter to get it?” the woman asked in confusion.  “That’s what they always tell us.  They call our name on the microphone, but sometimes I don’t understand what they’re saying.”
“You won’t have to worry about it this time,” Tanner assured her writing ‘son Marcus’ at the top of the order.  “I got you covered.”
“See, I told you he’s a nice boy,” the woman said as her husband took her arm and led her away from the counter.
“Yes, dear,” the man replied.
“I’m waiting…” Tiffany prompted, not caring one way or the other if Ashley ordered anything.
“But I…” Ashley began, batting her eyelashes at Tanner.
“Seriously…?” Tiffany laughed.  “That’s not going to work with him.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Ashley said in an innocent tone, smiling at Tanner.
“So, you’re not trying to flirt with him…?  Then you must have something in your eye.  Maybe you should head to the bathroom and look into that.”
“My eye…?”
“Can I help the next one in line?” Tanner called, avoiding Ashley’s pleading look.
“That’s me,” a teenage boy raised his hand as he edged around the furious cheerleader, dragging a young girl with him.  
“Told you…” Tiffany murmured.
With a glare and a huff, Ashley turned and shoved her way through the crowd and out of the burger joint.
“Thanks,” Tanner said out of the corner of his mouth before addressing the pair of kids in front of him.  “So, what can I get for the pretty young lady today?”
Blushing, the little girl shuffled her feet and mumbled something Tiffany couldn’t hear.
“So, one mini binge combo with a strawberry shake,” Tanner said smiling down at the shy girl.  “Excellent choice, Milady…and for you, Milord…?”
Although the boy tried hard to hide his laughter, it was in his voice as he answered, “A regular binge combo for me and I’ll take a chocolate shake with that.”
“Ah…another excellent choice…”
At that point, Tiffany was interrupted by an impatient older man—next in line after Ashley’s angry exit—demanding that she pay attention to him instead of ogling her boyfriend. 
“What can I get for you?” Tiffany asked absently, mind still on Tanner’s behavior, strangely not offended by the man’s manner.
Tiffany had always assumed Tanner was a jerk because he and his brothers had taunted her mercilessly when she was younger, but over the past week she’d begun seeing him from a different viewpoint and he didn’t look nearly so bad.  Maybe working with him for another few weeks wouldn’t be as awful as she’d thought.
Catching Tanner’s questioning look, she just smiled at him before turning to ring up her customer’s order.  The surprised expression on his face, followed by a delighted grin, made her feel weird inside…but in a good way.
Now, if I can get Sam to stop acting like she’s the boss of the universe, I just might survive this nasty place, Tiffany decided as she made change.  She’s got to be better than that horrid manager.

~**~

“Hey, Tanner.”
“Ready for your daily fix of Binge Buster, Joey?”
“I’m starved, man.  So, when are we going to actually get to surf?  You work almost every day.”
“You know we’re not really here on a vacation…right?” Tanner murmured as he rung up his cousin’s order.
“But it’s our cover…we need to surf so we aren’t made.”
“Cover…?  Made…?  Who do you think we are…?  Agent Jack Knight or something…?”
“I’m just saying…that was our excuse for coming all the way to California, so don’t you think we should actually find some time to…”
Joey broke off and turned towards the two guys just entering through the main door.
“Do you know them?” Tanner whispered.
Immediately, the heads of both the new arrivals swiveled towards the two at the counter.
“Hey,” the blonde one of the pair held out his hand as he approached them.  “One of you must be Tanner.”
“I’m guessing the one behind the counter wearing the Burger Binge apron,” his friend noted with heavy sarcasm, “since the girls told us he’d be working here.”
“I’m Bobby and this comedian next to me is Roger.”
“I’m Joey…Tanner’s cousin from the other side of the family,” Joey said shaking first Bobby’s hand then Roger’s.
“I’d shake, but then I’d have to wash my hands again and since I just got through doing that…” Tanner shrugged.
“Hey guys,” Stephanie greeted the two newcomers as she joined Tanner at the counter.  “Done with orientation?”
“Hey Steph,” Bobby and Roger said simultaneously while Roger added, “All done.”
“Mine isn’t until August,” Bobby offered, adding with a wink, “And may I say, you are working that apron, girlfriend.”
“Why thank you kind sir,” Stephanie said with a quick curtsy.  “Have you two met my cousin Tanner and his cousin Joey?”
“We were just introducing ourselves.”
“Hey guys,” Samantha called from the kitchen.
“Hey Sam,” the two answered together once more and instantly glared at each other.
“Oh wow,” Stephanie said in surprise, “You two must still have it bad for Sam.”
“Speaking of which, I heard you’ve got it bad for some older guy,” Roger said, changing the subject.
“Should I be jealous?” Bobby asked.  “And please tell me it’s not that Tommy jerk.”
“Tommy’s not a jerk, but no, it isn’t Tommy.  We’re just friends.”
“Her new boyfriend’s a good guy,” Tanner put in.
“And from what Tanner tells me, he’ll definitely keep all of the other wolves at bay,” Joey added with a grin.
“Cool,” Bobby nodded.  “I’m glad to hear it.  Couldn’t happen to a nicer girl.”
“We’re happy for you, Steph,” Roger added.
“They’re just getting to know each other right now,” Tanner warned, “but it could turn into something later.”
“No problem,” Bobby reassured him.  “We won’t make any noise, will we, Roger?”
“Nope…our lips are sealed.”
“Anyway, Tanner and Joey are here to surf,” Stephanie said, “so if the two of you have any time, maybe you could help them out…?  Sam told me you’re both pretty good.”
“You guys surf?” Joey asked.
“We’re not bad,” Bobby shrugged.
“Bobby here was in some competitions,” Roger added.  “I’m not nearly as good, but I do okay.”
“Would you mind taking us out with you sometime?”
“Actually, we’re headed there after we eat,” Bobby said.
“Be sure you digest before going into the water,” Stephanie cautioned.
“That’s my sis,” Tiffany snorted from behind her twin.  “Always ready to play spoilsport.”
“It’s sound advice,” Tanner protested.  “And where have you been?”
“Taking a break.”
“You already had your break.”
“So…?  I needed another one.  It’s not like we’ve got any customers.”
“Hey, what are we…?” Roger asked.  “Chopped liver?”
“You said it, not me,” Tiffany shrugged.  “I’m going to the ladies room.  Be back later.”
“See ya in three hours,” Joey called after her before turning to the others.  “Oh come on, people, you know I’m hilarious and you want to laugh.”
“Tanner, do you have to share every detail of our lives with Joey?” Stephanie asked in resignation.
“I don’t have any girl cousins,” Joey complained.  “So sue me for living vicariously.”
“If you had any money, I’d do just that…sue you for breach of promise,” Tanner said with a sour look on his face.  “I should have known you couldn’t keep your mouth shut.  I’m never telling you anything again.”
“Hey, I never signed any confidentiality agreement, Mister Lawyer Wannabe Britches.  Maybe you should have thought of that before you decided to spill all of your cousins’ secrets.”
“Touché…although I’ve gotta say, you definitely need some pointers from Brit about your Mister Britches names.  Not exactly world class stuff there.”
“So, about surfing later…” Bobby began.
“Oh, right,” Joey grinned.  “Kind of got off topic there.”
“Are you two in?”
“I am,” Joey answered immediately.
“I’m out,” Tanner said without a trace of regret.  “Work and…well…you know…other things.”
“Speaking of work,” Joey said, “How about my Binge Buster?  I’m starving.”
“We’ll each take a combo, too,” Roger added.
“Three Binge Busters coming right up, and since Joey is apparently Mister I-Don’t-Have-to-Work-Because-I’m-a-Moneybags Britches…he’s paying,” Tanner said.  “And BAM! That’s how Brit’s Mister Britches thing is done.”
“Aw man…don’t do that to me,” Joey whined.  “You know Dad will have my hide if I spend too much of his money.”
“Just tell him it’s part of your cover,” Tanner suggested with a wicked smile.  “You had to bribe two guys to teach you how to surf.”
“We’re down with that,” Roger piped up.
“Free meals…” Bobby added in delight, “that rocks.” 
“Yep…Dad’s gonna kill me.”

~**~

“Hey, Tiff,” a coy voice called from the front.
“Ashley,” Tiffany groaned, “not again.  I knew I should have stayed in the bathroom longer.”
“I’ll go take care of her,” Stephanie offered, quickly swallowing her last bite of sandwich.  “Finish your food.”
“Thanks, Steph.”
“She’s just here to annoy you,” Stephanie said as she washed her hands.  “She’ll leave when she realizes you aren’t coming out.”
“Tiff,” Tanner said peeking his head into the back, “that annoying girl is back and wants you to wait on her this time.”
“I’m coming,” Stephanie assured him as she finished drying her hands.
“Okay, but I don’t think she’ll be happy about that…I think she’s trying to show off her new boyfriend.  She said to tell you that she and Cliff want to order.”
“Cliff…?” Tiffany exclaimed in annoyance slamming her half-eaten burger down on the counter.  “Oh no, you don’t.”
“Tiff, I’ve got this…you paid for a burger, you should finish it.”
“That’s okay, Steph…I want to wait on the bitch.”
“You forgot to wash your hands,” Stephanie called as her twin headed towards the front.
“No, I didn’t,” Tiffany threw over her shoulder with an evil grin.  “And I may even spit in her food.”
“This I gotta see,” Tanner chuckled as he turned to follow her.
“Train wreck in progress,” Stephanie sighed as she trailed after them.
“Cliff,” Tiffany said with sugary sweetness to the tall, well-muscled green-eyed sandy-haired guy standing there with a sheepish look on his face and a triumphant Ashley hanging on his arm.  “I didn’t expect to see you until tonight after I get off work.”
“Well…um…Ashley offered to buy me supper while we talked about the first pep rally so I thought…I mean…I didn’t realize…”
“What he means is, he used the pep rally as an excuse to ask me out,” Ashley put in.
“No…I…”
“Cliff is free to ask out whatever slut will have him,” Tiffany shrugged.  “I’ve never made any claim on him.  What can I get you?”
“Hey!” Cliff protested.
“So you don’t care that we plan to go to the lake and make out after we leave here?” Ashley asked.
“Knock yourself out,” Tiffany shrugged before muttering under her breath, “…or up…”
“Fine, we will…let’s go, Cliff.”
“What about my food?” he wailed.
“Oh, shut up and let’s go.”

~**~

“What are you doing here, Cliff?  We’re closing.”
“It’s Friday and we have a date, Tiff.  Don’t you remember?”
“We did,” Tiffany agreed, “until you showed up with Ashley the…”
“Tiff!” Stephanie exclaimed.
“But that wasn’t a date…I swear…”
“Like I care, anyway.”
“Aw…c’mon, Tiff…don’t be like that.  You’ve been too busy working to even talk on the phone this last week and I miss you.”
“And you decided dating Ashley was the best way to show me that?”
“I’m not dating Ashley.”
“So you haven’t slept with her?”
“I…uh…you mean, like ever…?  Or just today…?”
“Go away, Cliff,” Tiffany said in a tired voice.  “I’m beat and all I want to do is climb into bed…alone…and sleep for days.”

Saturday, June 2nd

Chapter 25

“Hey, Rick!  What are you doing here?”
“I stayed away as long as I could, but it’s been five days and I’m a starving man,” Rick grinned.  “What would you recommend, my Stephanie?”
“The place across the street,” Tanner put in.
“Very funny,” Stephanie said punching him on the arm.  “And I don’t believe your name is Stephanie.”
“Aw…not you, too,” Tanner complained cradling his arm.  “I got enough of that from Amazon Brit when I was younger.  I think I might be permanently maimed.”
“I didn’t hurt you, you big baby,” Stephanie teased.  “Now be a good boy and go wait on the window.” 
“See how she treats me…?  Beware, Rick, or you’ll become her lapdog, too.”
“Looking forward to it,” Rick replied holding Stephanie’s eyes.  “Now, what were you going to recommend, sweetheart.”
“Depends on how hungry you are.”
“I’m ravenous.”
“Well…there’s the Binge Buster,” she said doubtfully, “a lot of guys like that, but you don’t look like the Binge Buster type.”
“If it means spending time with you, I’ll be any type you want.  Put me down for one.”
“Binge Buster it is.”
“Can I drive you home after work?”
“I…um…I guess…but we never know how long it will take to close up.”
“That’s okay, I don’t mind waiting.  Talking on the phone just isn’t the same as seeing you in person and spending time together…even if it’s only giving you a lift home.”
“I feel I should warn you…I always smell like a big greasy hamburger with a side of even greasier fries when I leave here.”
“You smell delicious.”
“I’ll…I’ll…just…go…put in your…you know…order…now…”
“Shouldn’t I pay first?”
“Oh…right…I…uh…did you want fries or tater tots…?”
“Fries.”
“And…um…to drink…?”
“Chocolate shake would be great.”
“Okay…so…five forty-six…”
“I’ve got a ten.  Is that okay?”
“Oh, shoot,” Stephanie mumbled.
“What’s wrong?”
“Nothing…nothing…I just have to make change,” she said brightly, adding under her breath, “and I’m not having any trouble concentrating…no trouble at all.”

~**~

“Hey Thorn, good to see you,” Samantha hollered from the kitchen.  “Don’t let him pay, Tanner.  It’s on me.”
“Ah…so you’re the Thorn in our Sam’s side,” Tanner said with a huge grin.  “I’m Tanner, the cousin.”
“She told you about me?”
“I got the thorn in the side part from the resident eavesdropper, Sam’s baby sister, Tiff,” Tanner offered before murmuring, “and the kidnapping part from her dad.  Thanks for being there, man.”
“Glad I could help, however, Samantha kicked his butt but good before I got there.”
“Butt but good…nice one,” Tanner chuckled.  “That’s our Sam…takes after her big sis that way.  So, what’ll it be?  And remember, Sam’s paying so go big or go home.”
“By all means, go big.”
“One Binge Buster combo coming right up,” Tanner said turning to the register.  “You look like a fries and strawberry shake kind of guy.”
“Good guess…but make it onion rings and an orange soda and you’ve got it.”
“Onion rings cost extra…”
“You did say go big.”
“I did,” Tanner agreed.
“Don’t worry, I’ll pay for the extra…just don’t tell Sam,” Thorn chuckled before adding in a lowered tone as he glanced casually around the dining area, “So who’s the Pack member in the corner?”
“Steph’s new boyfriend, Rick.”
“One of the sisters…?”
“Yep, that’s Steph at the window.”
“Where’s the eavesdropping sister?”
“In the back probably taking another undeserved break.”
“Should I go over and introduce myself to Rick?”
“Not right now,” a voice said from the darkest corner of the dining area.  “We’ll meet more casually in a bit.  Don’t want to look too obvious.”
“And that answers that one,” Tanner said as he turned to put Thorn’s order in.  “Go find a seat away from Rick and I’ll get your drink for you after I make sure I put this on Sam’s tab.”
“Okay,” Thorn said as he place a dollar on the counter, “Will this cover the extra?”
“Keep it, dude, or Sam will know.”
 Thorn nodded and picked up the bill before waving to Sam and calling, “Thanks Samantha!”
“Welcome, Winston,” she laughed before turning away to throw a couple of patties on the griddle.
“Winston…?” Tanner asked as he turned to get Thorn’s drink.
“Private joke,” Thorn murmured as he located a booth in view of the kitchen and slid into the seat.
“Are you and Sam…?” Tanner asked knowing Thorn could still hear him.
“I wish, but no.”
“I forgot to ask, you like more ice or less…?”
“Free refills…?”
“Yep.”
“Lots of ice.”
“Will you two stop the long distance talking?” Rick asked in exasperation.  “The girls are beginning to think you’re conversing with invisible friends.”
Realizing that both Stephanie and Samantha had stopped what they were doing and were watching the two guys with interest, Tanner called, “Sorry, Thorn and I were discussing a song earlier and now it’s stuck in both of our heads.”
“You…?  Singing…?” Tiffany asked in horror as she joined him at the front counter.  “I’ll clean the men’s bathroom if you promise not to do that where I can hear it.”
“I’m not that bad,” Tanner protested.
“Yes you are,” Stephanie called from the window.  “You’re so tone deaf that I plan to help Tiff clean the men’s bathroom if it keeps you quiet.  If we hear so much as a peep out of you then you get both of the toilets tonight.”
“Fine…no singing,” Tanner said holding up both hands in surrender.  “The bathrooms are all yours.”
“Hardly fair,” Rick murmured in reproach.
“Hey, I had to come up with some reason for my lips to be moving.  Not my fault I can’t sing.”
“Humph,” was the only reply.

~**~

“Hey Joey…how’s the surfing?  Wipe out any less than yesterday?”
“Everybody wipes out, and then there are the guys that miss out…like you.”
“Very funny,” Tanner snorted before turning to the other two and asking, “Is he any good?  Or is he just blowing smoke…as usual…”
“No way, man…he’s a real athlete,” Bobby enthused.
“He’s already as good as I am,” Roger confirmed.  “Not that it’s saying much.  I’m just average.”
“Tanner, could I get a refill on my orange soda?” a voiced asked from behind them.
“Sure thing, Thorn,” Tanner said reaching for his cup.  “Thorn, this my cousin Joey and his new friends Bobby and Roger.”
“You guys go to school here in Glendale?”
Roger nodded, “Bobby and I just graduated.” 
“Hey cool!  So did I…but from Pasadena.”
“Tanner and I are from the City,” Joey said.  “We’re here to do some surfing, but right now, I’m the only one getting to do any.”
“Which city?” Thorn asked.
“Apparently, New Yorkers think their city is the only one that matters,” Bobby chuckled.  “Took Roger and me a while to figure that one out.”
“Understandable…it’s a pretty cool place,” Thorn nodded.
“You’ve been there?” Tanner asked. 
“My parents love Broadway,” Thorn explained, “and they drag me along with them every year.”
“So you’ve actually been there and still didn’t know they call it The City?” Bobby asked.  “I don’t feel so badly now.”
“I do a little sightseeing and a show or two,” Thorn shrugged.  “What can I say…?  I’m just a tourist.  So, Tanner, why aren’t you getting to surf?”
“He’s the poor relation that has to work,” Joey taunted.
“I’m the only relation to the girls, therefore the most important,” Tanner corrected.  “Joey’s just here for window dressing.”
“Private party…?” a voice asked from behind Bobby, “or can anyone join?”
“Hey,” they all turned to greet the newcomer.
“Could I get another shake, Tanner?”
“Sure thing, Rick…but it’s gonna cost you.”
“No problem.”
“Guys, this is Steph’s new boyfriend,” Tanner informed them.  “Rick, this is my cousin Joey, over here we have Bobby and Roger…”
“We go to school with the girls,” Roger put in.
“And this is Thorn…he was Sam’s ride to Berkeley orientation.”
“Nice to meet you all,” Rick said shaking each hand in turn.  “I’m sitting at the table in the corner waiting for Stephanie to get done…you’re welcome to join me.”
“Sounds great,” Joey nodded.
“Oh rats,” they heard Samantha mutter from behind the counter, eyeing them suspiciously, “every guy I’ve ever punched just happens to show up here in one spot and now they’re all bonding.  That can’t be good.”
“Well, she must be talking about a couple of you guys,” Tanner noted in amusement, “because she and I only wrestle, no punches involved…that’s Brit’s MO.”
“Wasn’t me,” Rick said with a grin, “but it sounds like the start of an interesting story.”
“Damn…I thought maybe she’d forgotten,” Joey groaned.  “I guess not.”
“When did she punch you?” Tanner asked turning to his cousin in surprise.
“Remember in seventh grade when my family came to town with your family for a visit?”
“What the hell did you do to her?”
“Um…well…I thought she was pretty and she was your cousin so she’s part of the bloodline, and I…”
“You tried to kiss my cousin in seventh grade?” Tanner hissed.  “Are you nuts!  It’s a good thing she didn’t tell me, because I wouldn’t have stopped at just one punch.”
“Well, Blake wouldn’t have let you do any more than that and besides, I’m obviously not the only one…she said every guy she’s ever punched…that implies more.”
“Who else…?” Tanner asked in an ominous voice.
“Sophomore year…” Bobby admitted.
“Junior year…” Roger added.
“Um…last week…?” Thorn said with a question in his voice.
“And she punched all of you for the same reason as Joey…?”
Several nods confirmed his suspicions.
“So all of you were attracted to her, but none of you were the right one,” Tanner said, scratching his head.  “Huh…go figure.”
“Steph…will you go find out what the problem is out there?” Samantha asked once Stephanie finished with the last customer at the window.  “They’re all standing around crowding the counter.”
“It’s a slow afternoon and they are the only customers in the place, so…”
“That won’t last…go break it up.”
“How?”
“I don’t know…shoo them away or something.”
“Sure, Sam, whatever you say.”
“So,” Thorn began in a loud voice as Stephanie approached, “anybody got the goods on our Samantha Martha?”
“Samantha Martha…?” a couple of the others repeated.
“Oh yeah, about that…funny story…anybody want to hear it?”
At Samantha’s barely audible groan, four hands shot up in the air, while Rick met his future mate’s eyes and winked, halting Stephanie in her tracks, frozen and breathless from the electrical shocks ricocheting through her body.
“Well, you see, it all began when Samantha decided it was a good idea to guess my nickname…” 

Sunday, June 3rd

Chapter 26

“You’re up early.”
“The rain woke me so I thought I’d get some reading in,” Stephanie explained.  “You didn’t hear it?”
“Guess not…is it still raining?”
“It cleared up about an hour ago.  Did my page turning wake you?”
“Nope, the pain did,” Tiffany groaned as she rolled out of bed.  “I ache all over from that stupid job.”
“It is physically demanding.”
“Cheerleading is physically demanding…that job is pure hell.”
“It’s not so bad,” Stephanie said glancing at her phone.
 “Ah…I get it now.  You’re up early because you’re expecting a call from lover boy, aren’t you?”
“No I’m not.  He said for me to call him.  He didn’t want to wake me on my day off.”
“So why aren’t you calling him?”
“Well, we were up a little late last night talking so, since his garage door is closed, I thought he might still be asleep.”
“Talking…yeah right…”
“We were talking,” Stephanie insisted.
“Hmm…well, that’s interesting…”
“What do you mean by that?”
“Oh my gosh…he hasn’t even kissed you yet, has he?”
“Well…no…but…”
“Well, that puts a whole new complexion on things.”
“What do you mean?”
“That explains everything.”
“What are you talking about?”
 “The reason he went for you instead of me—even though we’re identical—is because you’re so obviously virginal.”
“You’re a virgin, too.”
“Maybe I am, maybe I’m not, but I don’t look or act like one so he doesn’t want me.  I wouldn’t fit into his little fantasy.”
“Fantasy…?” Stephanie repeated in bewilderment.  “What are you talking about?”
“Get a clue, Sis.  The man’s obviously playing you.”
“Playing me…?”
“Damn, but you’re naïve.”
“I know what playing someone means, I just don’t understand what you think he’s after.  He knows I’m not like that.”
“The guy’s after what every guy is after…he just wants a different version—or I guess I should have said virgin—than most,” Tiffany said giggling at her own pun.  “He’s taking his time figuring out how to get little Miss Prim and Proper into bed, but once he does that, he’s out of here.”
“He hasn’t even tried anything.”
“Well, you are jail bait right now, so maybe he’s waiting until you’re eighteen.  Gotta admire his patience.”
“But he said…”
“Doesn’t matter what he said.  Trust me on this…guys will say and do anything to get it and get it the way they want it.”
“I don’t believe you,” Stephanie said with false bravado before stammering disjointedly, “He’s…he isn’t…Rick is different…and besides, he knows I’d never…that I don’t…even when I’m eighteen…and he said he liked me that way…”
“Of course he does,” Tiffany said heartlessly.  “The man obviously likes the challenge of deflowering virgins…and you’re as virginal as they come.”
“No,” Stephanie whispered in distress.  “He’s not like that…he can’t be like that…”
“Whatever,” Tiffany shrugged as she turned to leave the room, “but don’t say I didn’t warn you.”
Even though Stephanie didn’t believe her…didn’t want to believe her…as soon as she heard the bathroom door close, she picked up her book and moved into the game room where she couldn’t see Rick’s house.  She started to call him several times, but each time she set her phone down again.  Rick repeatedly assured her that she was special to him, but Stephanie had trouble believing it when they weren’t together, and it went against her nature to be the one to initiate contact.  She was a bit old-fashioned and couldn’t help but feel that the guy should always do the calling.
When Stephanie was with Rick, it felt so right…like they were made for each other, but as soon as she was alone, she began second-guessing herself.  In a weird sort of way, everything Tiffany said made sense.  Why would someone as old and experienced as Rick be interested in a seventeen-year-old girl?  What did she have to offer him other than her virginity?
An hour later, her phone rang and, startled by the sudden sound, she knocked it off the couch.  Reluctantly, she picked it up and answered it.
“Hi.”
“I tried to be patient and wait for you to call,” Rick said, “but I wanted to hear your voice so badly that I couldn’t stop myself.  Do you forgive me for waking you up?”
“I wasn’t really asleep,” Stephanie hedged.  “Do you have any big plans for today?”
“Actually, I need to spend a little time detailing my motorcycle before I do anything else.  I’ve been sadly neglecting it since we met what with classes and studying.  I planned to do it yesterday, but then I had a sudden burger craving that took over and I was powerless to control it.”
“Detailing sounds interesting.  Can I watch?”
“You could, but if you’re there, I’d spend more time on you than the bike and that would defeat the purpose.  I just couldn’t concentrate enough to start on it until I’d talked to you.”
“Well, I guess I could catch up on some reading,” Stephanie said, trying to hide her disappointment.
“And no peeking out your window or I’ll stand there staring at you with a goofy grin on my face.”
“I’ll read in the gameroom.”
“Great, I’ll call you the second I’m done and then we can hang out at your house, if that’s okay with you.”
“Sure,” Stephanie said with false cheerfulness.  “I’ll be here.”
As Stephanie ended the call, Tiffany, standing behind her in the doorway of their shared bedroom, smiled in satisfaction and began texting furiously.

~**~

“I thought you were at cheerleading practice,” Stephanie noted lazily from the couch in the gameroom as Tiffany topped the stairs a half hour later.  “You won’t have another day off at work for a while so you should get some practice in while you can.”
“The girls wanted to have it here, on our front lawn, but when they got here, something distracted them, so that’s it for today.”
“Easily distracted cheerleaders,” Stephanie murmured.  “Now there’s a shocker.”
“I want to show you the distraction.”
“Really not interested…”
“You’ll definitely be interested in this.”
“I seriously doubt it.”
“Come on,” Tiffany said, bending over and grabbing her arm.  “I’m telling you, you have to see this.”
“You’re always saying that,” Stephanie teased as she good-naturedly allowed herself to be pulled off the couch.  “What is it this time?”
“You’ll see,” Tiffany said as she released her and headed into the bedroom.
By the time Stephanie reached the window, Tiffany had it opened and was pointing at something in triumph.  As she approached the bedroom window, Stephanie did see…way more than she wanted to see…Rick—cloth in hand—standing next to the motorcycle in his garage…surrounded by every one of Tiffany’s fellow cheerleaders.
“I told you he was a player.  No doubt he’s already picking out his next victim.  Or maybe he’s finding one to fill in the time until you’re ready to put out.”
At Tiffany’s comment, clearly heard over the babble of girls that had shown up in his garage out of the blue vying for his attention, Rick’s head jerked up towards Stephanie’s opened window.  When his eyes met his future mate’s, he knew he was in major trouble…and he was just as certain he had a manipulative and jealous twin to thank for it.
I’ll thank her, alright, he thought grimly as Stephanie turned away from the window, tears glistening in her eyes, and in a way she’ll never forget.
Giving up all pretence of politeness, Rick turned back to the group of giggling and annoying girls and said, “Get out…now!”
One look at his forbidding expression, and the girls hightailed it out of the garage.
Immediately, Rick pushed the button to close the door and, pulling out his cell phone, tried Stephanie’s number.  Just as he suspected, it went straight to voice mail.
About to punch 9-1-1 into a text, Rick realized that he hadn’t been given the all clear to 9-1-1 Blake yet.  If the Alpha happened to be in the middle of a delicate operation, Rick could jeopardize his fellow Pack members’ safety.
As soon as the automatic garage door closed out the world, Rick carefully placed his cell on the seat of his bike and yanked off his t-shirt.  Within seconds, he was stripped bare and the cracking of bones echoing off the walls were the only sounds that could be heard in the almost empty garage as Rick’s human body began to disappear.  Allowing the anguish and frustration he felt to take over as he transformed, the dark grey wolf howled out his pain to the Alpha.
Within a minute, Rick’s cell phone rang.
After completing the agonizing transformation back to his human form, Rick managed to push himself off the concrete floor enough to reach his cell.
“Blake,” Rick whispered hoarsely, “We need to talk.”

~**~

“Hello.”
“Sam…?  This is Rick.  I was wondering…”
“Oh, wait just a sec and I’ll go find Steph for you.  She must not have her cell with her.”
“Actually, I was hoping to speak to your dad.”
“Asking the father’s permission…?” Samantha teased.  “This is getting serious.”
“Sam…”
“Just yanking your chain…Mom and Dad are at school.”
“On a Sunday…?”
“Mom has a special project she’s trying to get ready so Dad said he’d go along and do some things in his lab that he’s been meaning to get around to but hasn’t had the time.”
“Thanks, Sam…I’ll head that way.”
“You could call his cell.”
“I’d rather talk in person.”
“Sounds seriously serious.  Is there anything I can do to help?”
“Not unless you can control your youngest sister.”
“Ah…so that’s why Tiff’s wandering the house looking like the cat that’s swallowed the canary while Steph looks suspiciously like the canary…if it weren’t in the cat’s stomach and we could see it, that is, which would totally negate the whole saying.  Just sayin’…”
“Damn…” Rick muttered.
“Sorry, I go off on tangents like that sometimes.”
“What…?”
“Just let me know if I can do anything to help like tie Tiff up, feed her to the sharks or, you know, some other type of torture.  Dealer’s choice…”
“I appreciate the offer, but I doubt that your parents would go for it.”
“And this is me, sighing,” Samantha said, exhaling loudly.
“We are in total agreement.  I guess I’d better head towards the school so I don’t pass them on their way home.”
“Good luck.”
“Thanks.”
Hanging up, Rick called out, “Grant…?”
“I am here,” a voice from somewhere across the street answered.
“I have to go…”
“I heard,” Grant interrupted.  “I have them.”
“Be back as soon as I can,” Rick said as his motorcycle roared into life and out of his garage.

~**~

“Rick,” Trey glanced up in surprise, almost dropping the beaker he’d been cleaning, “what are you doing here?  Is Stephanie okay?”
“Define okay,” Rick said between clenched teeth.  “Physically, she’s fine…mentally and emotionally…not so much.”
“Pull up a stool and tell me what’s going on,” Trey said with a sigh, pointing to the one directly across the lab table from him.  “Although I’m fairly certain I know what you’re going to say.”
“Just how upset would you be if I strangled the younger twin?” Rick asked as he took the indicated seat.  “You have three other daughters…I’m sure you wouldn’t miss her.”
“I was afraid she was up to something,” Trey wearily shook his head.  “Sorry…but as tempting as that sounds—and believe me, it’s crossed my mind several times since she reached her teen years—it’s not an option.”
“Then we need a change of plans, because she’s trying to keep her sister away from me by playing on Stephanie’s insecurities…and it’s working.  I’ve been calling since the incident, but Stephanie won’t pick up.”
“What incident?”
“It involved a bunch of cheerleaders showing up uninvited in my garage and Stephanie’s evil twin making sure Stephanie saw it and thought the worst.”
“Tiffany’s always been possessive of her twin.”
“Possessive…?” Rick scoffed.  “More like vindictive.”
“Believe it or not, the girls are very close and Tiff would never do anything that she thought would actually hurt Steph.”
“Well, she did hurt her and doesn’t seem to be showing any signs of remorse.”
“The key word here is ‘thought’,” Trey pointed out.  “Tiff has no concept of the depth of this…er…relationship, so she has no idea how deeply Steph will feel the rift she’s created between the two of you.  Otherwise, I promise you, she wouldn’t be doing this.  It’s just that Tiff thinks Steph belongs exclusively to her.”
“Are you sure that’s what it is?  Because it looks more like the evil twin wanting the attention of every single male in sight and hell hath no fury…”
“I guarantee she’s not happy with you about that cake incident,” Trey grinned.  “But you’re not the issue here.”
“She’s stolen every guy that’s ever even looked at Stephanie—not that I’m complaining about that—but I’m having a hard time believing that it’s not about the attention.”
“Did Steph tell you about Tiff stealing her dates?” Trey asked in surprise.  “She usually won’t say anything against her sister.”
“No, she didn’t,” Rick admitted, “but from what Stephanie let slip, it wasn’t hard to read between the lines.  It’s true, isn’t it?”
“It’s true, but again…it’s not because Tiff craves the attention…she’s afraid of losing Steph.”
“Why?”
“You’re a twin…don’t you have a special connection with your brother?”
“We have a connection, but we don’t try to control each other.”
“Maybe it’s a girl thing,” Trey shrugged, “or maybe it’s just a Tiff thing…I don’t know.  What I do know is that Tiff—for whatever reason—is overly possessive of Steph.”
“But doesn’t she see that, in the long run, that type of behavior will push Stephanie away?”
“Tiff reacts instinctively…I doubt she even realizes why she acts the way she does about Steph.”
“Well, regardless of her reasons, something has to change.  Those other guys she stole from Stephanie didn’t matter in the whole grand scheme of things, but now I’m the one she’s trying to keep away and you and I both know that’s not a good idea.”
“Agreed,” Trey nodded.  “What do you suggest?”
“Blake and I talked and we’ve come up with an idea.”
“I’m all ears.”

~**~

“Can I talk to you two?”
“Sure, Dad,” Stephanie said closing her book and setting it on her neatly made bed.  
“What’s up?” Tiffany asked lazily from atop an unmade bed on the opposite side of the room.
“A few things, actually.  If you don’t mind, Tiff, I’ll start with Steph.”
Tiffany shrugged and went back to filing her nails.
“What’s wrong, Dad?”
“Nothing’s wrong, Steph…in fact, I have some good news.  How would you like to quit work and take some college classes instead?”
“I’d love to, but we can’t afford it.”
“Well, I didn’t want to get your hopes up before, but a student loan with a practically non-existent interest rate came through and it looks like you’ll be able to take some classes this semester.”
“Really…?” Stephanie exclaimed, jumping off the bed.  “You mean it?”
“I do,” Trey smiled indulgently.  
Throwing herself into her dad’s arms, Stephanie hugged him as she whispered, “Thank you.”
Squeezing her tightly, Trey closed his eyes and tried to keep his emotions in check as he replied, “I just want you to be happy, baby girl.” 
“Hey!” Tiffany objected.  “What about me?  Don’t you want this baby girl to be happy?”
“If you want to take some college courses, I’m sure we could get a student loan for you, too,” Trey offered innocently as Stephanie released him and stepped back.
“That’s so not fair,” Tiffany grumbled.  “Why do I have to keep working at that nasty place if she doesn’t?”
“Because her loan will cover all of her expenses,” Trey answered.  “Can you cover your own expenses?”
“You know I can’t.”
“Um…Dad…” Stephanie began hesitantly, “isn’t it a little late to register?  I mean, classes start tomorrow for most places around here.”
“What can I say…?  I have connections,” Trey shrugged.  “There are two classes that still have a space left…Freshman English and American History.  Do you think you can handle that?”
“I love English and History!  I’m sure I can.”
“Great, then it’s all settled.  You start tomorrow.”
“Start where?”
“Scripps.”
“But how will she get there?  That’s like almost an hour away and Sam gets Mom’s car to drive us to work…you promised.”
“She’ll catch a ride with Rick.”
“Rick…?” Tiffany repeated in alarm, sitting up on the bed.  “The jerk…?”
“He’s not a jerk,” Stephanie snapped.
“Really…?  So what was that earlier today?  A fluke…?  A one time slip…?  And now you’re all ready to forgive and forget just because he’s going to let you ride on the back of his big badass motorcycle again?”
“Girls,” Trey interrupted, “let’s stay on topic here.  Now, the other thing that we need to discuss is Tanner staying here.”
“You mean here as in here in the LA area…right?”
“I mean here as in the gameroom is about to become his bedroom.  The place he and Joey rented is close to the beach, but too far from work and the bus is eating up a lot of his money, so I offered him a room and he accepted.  He’ll be moving in tomorrow.”
“Dad, no!” Tiffany exclaimed.  “It’s bad enough we have to work together…I don’t want to live with that…that…moron.”
“I thought the two of you were getting along better,” Stephanie said frowning.
“Not that much better.”
“It’s all settled,” Trey said firmly.  “Tomorrow, Tanner becomes a live-in member of our family.”
“What about his cousin Joey?  What will he do?” Stephanie asked in concern.
“Rick offered to put Joey up for the summer.”
“Can’t Tanner stay there, too?” Tiffany pouted.  “I’m sure the jerk has plenty of room.”
“Tanner is just as much a part of this family as you are and I say he’s staying here.  Get used to it.”

~**~

At the knock on their bedroom door, Trey and Cynthia exchanged knowing looks.  They’d been expecting a late-night visit.
“Come in,” Cynthia called.
After pushing the door open just a crack, Stephanie peeked around it and said, “I was hoping we could talk, but I don’t want to keep you awake.”
“We’re just doing a little grading in bed,” Cynthia assured her placing her stack of papers on the nightstand.  “Come in and shut the door.  We have time for a chat.  I need a break from dangling participles anyway.  I’m not sure which man is holding the wallet in his hands, the pickpocket or the kindly gentleman, but right now I’m too tired to figure out that poorly written sentence.”
“And these chemistry quizzes are making my eyes cross,” Trey added placing his own pile of papers on his nightstand.  “I’m fairly certain mixing bleach and ammonia was on the top of the list of ‘what-not-to-do’ that I gave my students the first day of class, but you wouldn’t know it from these answers.  Good thing we haven’t actually started mixing chemicals yet.”
Stephanie giggled and plopped herself down on the end of their bed, much more relaxed, which was exactly what her parents had been shooting for.
“So, sweetheart, what’s up?” Trey asked casually even though both he and Cynthia knew what was bothering their eldest twin.
“It’s about tomorrow,” Stephanie began hesitantly.  “I don’t suppose I could just take the bus or something.”
“You don’t want to ride with Rick,” Cynthia said.
“Not really.”
“I thought you two were really hitting it off,” Trey gently prodded.
“We were…or at least, I thought we were…but I was wrong.”
“Are you sure you were wrong?” Cynthia asked.  “Did something happen?”
“Yes…no…I don’t know,” Stephanie wailed, tears forming in her eyes.  “I guess we just want different things.”
“What do you want, sweetheart?” Trey asked.
“I want what you two have.”
“And you don’t think that’s what Rick wants?”
“I don’t know, Mom…I mean, I thought he did…but he doesn’t even want to touch me…and then he said I couldn’t come over…and Tiff said he was a player and that he was playing me…and then he let all those other girls into his garage when he wouldn’t let me…and I’m just so confused.”
“Have you asked Rick about any of this?” Trey asked.
“I…um…well…no,” Stephanie stammered.  “Tiff said he’d just lie about it.”
“Don’t you think you owe it to Rick to talk to him before totally writing him off like that?  There could be a perfectly reasonable explanation for all of those things that you mentioned.”
“Like what?  Why wouldn’t he want to at least hold my hand?  He did that first night and then…nothing.  And why wouldn’t he let me go over to his house unless he didn’t want me around?”
“I have to own those two,” Trey offered apologetically.  “And from now on, I promise to butt out and let you and Rick decide for yourselves what you think is appropriate.”
“What do you mean you have to own them?”
“Because of your age, I asked Rick to…well…give you some space.”
“I don’t understand,” Stephanie frowned.
“Time to pay the piper, Trey.”
“Mom…?”
“Specifically, your father asked Rick to make sure you were chaperoned at all times, which is why Rick won’t let you go over to his house, and to refrain from any type of physical expressions of affection until you turn eighteen, which explains why he’s keeping his hands to himself.”
“Dad…?  You’re the reason he won’t touch me?”
“Could you rephrase that please?” Trey asked wincing.
“You’re the reason he won’t even hold my hand?”
“Guilty as charged.”
“But what about all those cheerleaders…”
“Tiffany’s friends…?” Cynthia questioned raising an eyebrow.
“Well…yes…”
“And what was he doing…exactly?” Trey asked.
“I don’t know…standing by his motorcycle and…and…talking to them…”
“Don’t you think that maybe they invited themselves into his garage, much as Tiff had the day of my birthday party, and he was just trying to be polite?”
“I guess…but Tiff said…”
“Listen to yourself, sweetheart…Tiff said…” Trey sighed.  “As much as your mom and I love Tiff, we also realize she isn’t always on speaking terms with the truth.”
“You’re saying she lied to me,” Stephanie whispered.  “Why would she do that?  She knows how much I like him.”
“Right now I think the question is what you plan to do about Rick.”
“What can I do?” she asked miserably.  “I haven’t answered any of his calls and when he came to the door, I told Tiff to tell him I didn’t want to see him.  He probably doesn’t want anything to do with me now.”
“I seriously doubt that,” Trey smiled and winked at her.  “I’ve seen the way he looks at you.”
“I don’t understand why you’re both okay with this.  I thought you’d be happy we weren’t dating.  I mean, I’m not even out of high school yet, and he’s a lot older than I am.  Why aren’t you running him off with a gun?”
“I promised myself a long time ago that if my girls ever found their perfect mate, I wouldn’t stand in the way…and I won’t.”
“You think he’s my perfect mate?” Stephanie asked in surprise.  “Like you and Mom?”
“Yes I do.  Now get to bed and get some sleep.  You have a big day ahead of you.”
“Yessir,” Stephanie stood and saluted, suddenly lighthearted.
“Oh, and Steph…?” Trey halted her as she reached for the doorknob, “…this conversation…?  Never happened…at least, not as far as Tiff is concerned.”
“I understand…love you.”
“Love you, too,” both parents replied simultaneously.
After Stephanie let herself out, Trey sighed in resignation.
“You did the right thing, my love,” Cynthia whispered as she cuddled close to him.  “I’m proud of you.”
“Then why do I feel so rotten?”
“Your baby girls are growing up.”
“Make them stop.”
“As you pointed out to me when I was in crisis mode over all of this, that ship has sailed,” Cynthia laughed.  “Maybe now you’ll be more understanding about my father.”
“It’s not the same thing…I like Jay and Rick.  Your father hates me…always has.”
“No he doesn’t.  He was just upset about losing his daughter at so young an age.”
“You weren’t seventeen.”
“No, but I’d just turned nineteen and I was his only girl…think about it…think how hard that had to be for him.”
“Fine…it was hard…but he still treats me like a leper.  I’ve given the man four beautiful granddaughters…what more does he want?”
“I think I might have had a hand in that,” Cynthia teased.  “However, that’s beside the point.  The point is that both of you have too much pride to make the first move.  This animosity has become quite a habit…one that my mom and I are hoping to break eventually.  Now that two of your own daughters are about to be married, it might actually happen.”
“Don’t hold your breath.”
“Hold my breath…?  When it involves you two stubborn old goats…?  I’d have passed out from lack of oxygen a long time ago.”
“Very funny.”
“I thought so,” Cynthia chuckled reaching over and pulling him towards her.  “Now come here and show me why I defied my father and married you when I was practically still a school girl, you sexy hunk of a man.”
“Sexy and a hunk…?  I can work with that.”

~**~

“Hey Rick.”
“Tanner…Joey…” Rick nodded and stepped back for them to enter.
“Thanks for putting me up for the duration,” Joey said.
“And thanks for putting up with me tonight,” Tanner added.  “Since we let the apartment go, and I’m not supposed to move in across the street until tomorrow, that left me out in the weather and I’m an indoor kind of canine.”
“We’re all in this together,” Rick replied.  “Speaking of which, did Blake talk to you about tomorrow, Joey?”
“Don’t worry, I’ll watch over Steph while you’re in class.”
“Thanks, that’s a load off my mind.”
“No worries…the way Tanner and his brothers talk about the girls all the time makes me feel like they’re my cousins, too.”
“You conveniently forgot about that in seventh grade,” Tanner pointed out.
“Haven’t you ever heard of kissing cousins?” Joey asked.
“I’ll give you something right in the kisser if you try anything with my cousins again.”
“He can have Tiff,” Rick offered.  “Please…take Tiff.  I insist.”
“Spence and I keep trying that,” Tanner informed him, “but our big brother Conn won’t let us give her away.”
“Pity…” Rick shrugged.
“I’m sayin’…”

Monday, June 4th

Chapter 27

Stephanie awoke at six the next morning, before her alarm, and reached over to shut it off so it didn’t wake her twin.  Frowning at the button, she realized that it was already off.  Swinging her legs out of bed, forehead puckered in concentration, she tried to remember whether or not she’d set the alarm the night before, but finally gave up trying.  She thought she had, but in her excitement, she’d probably forgotten.
Gathering the jeans and semi-dressy short-sleeved red blouse that she’d set out the night before, Stephanie quietly left the room.  Waking Tiffany wasn’t an option she cared to consider as she felt too ticked-off to be nice.  Maybe later they’d be able to talk about why Tiffany was bent on destroying her twin’s fragile relationship with Rick, but not until after Stephanie talked to Rick.
Following the conversation with her parents the night before, Stephanie realized that they were right…she and Rick had the start of something special and she had to decide if she was going to follow her heart and trust him or believe what other people might say about him…other people being mainly her twin, Tiffany.  
Despite her father’s emphatic statement, Stephanie knew that if she continued to shut Rick out, he would eventually give up on her.  She couldn’t let that happen.  He already meant too much to her.
For some reason, Tiffany was determined to keep Rick away from her, but Stephanie decided right then and there that she wasn’t going to let him go without a fight.  She just hoped he’d accept her apology or she’d already lost him.
Making it downstairs just as her parents opened the door to the garage, Stephanie hugged them a quick goodbye, grabbed the backpack she’d loaded up the night before, and moved to the living room window to watch for Rick, too nervous to eat any breakfast.
“I can do this,” she murmured to herself.  “I can do this…he’ll forgive me…he has to…I can do this…”
Across the street, Rick stood in his darkened dining room watching Stephanie pace in front of the window through his own living room window.  He could clearly see and hear her, although he knew she wouldn’t be able to see him, and he waited as patiently as he could as she psyched herself up for their first meeting since the incident with the cheerleaders.
 Rick hated seeing her like that, so stressed and nervous, but there was nothing he could do about it.  The two of them had to get over the first hurdle if there was any hope of a future for them because there were many more hurdles to come.  They would definitely have to learn how to take them together.  
Although Rick would have preferred that he and Stephanie work out their first problem on their own, if he hadn’t admitted defeat, and enlisted her father’s help, he wasn’t sure they would have had a future.  The thought of losing her before they even had a chance to start scared him.  
As he watched Stephanie calm herself, it was all he could do to not to rush right over there, take her in his arms, and soothe all of her fears and insecurities, but he realized that he had to curb his impatience and proceed with caution.  He didn’t want to frighten her off.
After Trey had finally accepted Rick’s loan for Stephanie’s college classes so they could be together during the day, they had both agreed not to tell Stephanie about the origins of the loan for that very reason.  Neither of them had been totally sure how she would take it and it was important that Stephanie be with Rick during the week.  
However, if Rick had anything to say about it, she would be spending the weekends with him, too.  Every minute…every second…of her time was precious to him.
Deciding he’d given Stephanie long enough to work up her courage, Rick grabbed his backpack and helmet and headed to the garage.  He’d never been so nervous in his whole life…or so excited.  Once more he would have his future mate on the back of his bike with her arms wrapped around him…life didn’t get any better than that.
As Rick mounted the front steps of her house, the door opened and Stephanie tentatively greeted him with a “Hey” and a half-hearted wave.  He grinned at the way she refused to meet his eyes.  It was very cute…and very Stephanie.
“I’ve missed you.”
That simple statement—so unexpected and yet so thrilling—flustered Stephanie so badly that she didn’t know what to say…or do…so she said and did nothing, just stood there in the doorway staring down at the threshold.  Taking her hand, Rick gently urged her out the door and onto the porch before turning the lock on the inside handle and shutting the door behind her with his free hand.  The whole time, Stephanie stood there, stiff as a board, unsure what to do.
“Relax,” Rick murmured in her ear as his thumb traced a circle on her hand.  “I won’t bite…at least, not hard.”
It was an inside joke that Liam—one of Blake’s Betas—always used in order to relieve tension in the air.
Instead of relieving her tension, however, Stephanie jumped away from him as if he actually had bitten her.
Smothering another grin, Rick moved down the steps of the porch.
“Coming…?” he threw over his shoulder.
By the time Rick had straddled the bike, Stephanie was standing next to him.
“You can put your backpack there,” he said pointing at one of the compartments towards the rear of the motorcycle.  “Mine is in the other one.”
While Rick donned his helmet, Stephanie, with trembling hands, finally managed to lift the lid and stow her backpack.
Although she reached for the extra helmet hanging on the handle, Rick got to it first.
“Let me help you with this,” he said reaching up with his free hand and releasing her ponytail before sliding the helmet down over her head.  “That will be more comfortable.”
Fastening the chinstrap, Rick took the opportunity to force her to meet his eyes.  His heart clenched at the sight of the tears pooling there.
“I’m so sorry,” she choked out.
“No, sweetheart,” Rick said, pulling her as close as his bike and their helmets allowed, realizing it was safer that way, “You did nothing wrong.”
“But I did,” she protested.  “I believed awful things about you when I knew in my heart that you weren’t…that you couldn’t…”
“If it makes you feel better, I’ll accept your apology if you’ll accept mine.”
“Your apology…?  Why would you need to apologize?”
“Because I should have explained about the agreement I had with your father instead of leaving you to come up with your own reasons for my actions.  That was wrong of me and I’m sorry my stupidity caused you pain.”
“It’s okay,” Stephanie smiled through her tears.  “I’ve just never felt this way before and it’s…hard…hard to believe that you…that…that…”
“Hard to believe that I’ve fallen for you…?”
“Have you?” she whispered.
“I have,” Rick replied with complete sincerity.  “And I promise that from now on I’ll try to explain anything that I say or do, which might confuse you.  I just need one promise from you in return.”
Stephanie nodded.
“I need you to promise me that you’ll come to me first, and just ask me, if there’s something you don’t understand.  Can you do that for me?”
Again, Stephanie nodded.
“Good…now, even though your father has released me from our agreement regarding you, I promised your father that I wouldn’t kiss you until you turned eighteen and I plan to do my level best to keep that promise.  Will you help me do that, sweetheart?  Because I don’t know how much self-control I’ll have without your cooperation.”
“You really want to k…k…kiss me?”
“So much that it’s a pain right here,” he said with total seriousness, pointing to his heart.  “Will you help me?”
Once more, Stephanie nodded.
“Okay then, let’s get going.  We don’t want you to be late to your first day of classes.”
As she slid onto the back of the motorcycle, Stephanie had no idea where to rest her hands.  She wanted to be able to hold onto Rick without feeling self-conscious as she had that first night she’d ridden with him, but knew that wasn’t happening…at least, not in broad daylight and not after what she’d done to him.  Somehow, she felt like she’d lost the right to…she wasn’t sure to what…but it had been something important and she was afraid she might never be able to get it back.
Realizing her dilemma, Rick reached back, took her hands in his, and placed them around his middle.
“Hold on tight, my Stephanie.  You’re in for the ride of your life.”
And just like that, her whole world righted itself once more.

Scripps Campus
Claremont, California

“You didn’t have to walk me all the way to my class.”
“I wanted to.”
“Well…um…thanks,” Stephanie offered, unsure what to say.  “I guess I’ll see you later.”
“I’ll be back to walk you to your next class, so don’t leave this area.”
“You don’t…”
“Be sure there are people around at all times.  College campuses have their share of crazies.”
“This is an all-women college.”
“Craziness isn’t limited to the male population,” Rick pointed out.  “Besides, all of the campuses are linked and guys are always hanging out around here because it’s an all-women college.”
“Why are you so worried?  I’ve done this kind of thing before.  We do have guys on campus where I go to high school.”
“This isn’t high school and you’ll be younger than anyone else here.  If for no other reason, for your father’s peace of mind, just promise me you’ll do as I ask.”
“Okay, I promise.”
“Good girl…and text me if you feel uncomfortable at any time.”
“Uncomfortable…?”
“If you get into a situation that you can’t handle…like someone approaches you and you can’t get rid of them or don’t know what to do…”
“I’ll be fine, Rick.”
“…text me and if it’s an emergency, type in 911 and I’ll come running,” he continued as if he hadn’t heard, “Or better yet…call me if you can.”
“But you’ll be in class…”
“That doesn’t matter.  You’re safety trumps everything else.”
“It does…?”
“You obviously don’t realize just how much you mean to me, my Stephanie, but you will.”
“You mean a lot to me, too,” she whispered.
“So you won’t leave the area…?”
“I won’t leave the area.”
“Good girl,” he said bending down and planting a kiss on her forehead.  “I’ll see you soon.”

~**~

As Stephanie entered the classroom, Rick glanced around the crowded hallway searching for Joey.
“See ya around,” he was saying to an attractive redhead before turning towards Rick.
“Taking things a bit seriously, aren’t we?” Rick asked in amusement noticing the small stack of textbooks Joey carried.
“Maintaining a cover is all in the details,” Joey informed him.  “I wanted to blend in and since the other dudes around here are carrying textbooks…”
“Good idea,” Rick acknowledged.  “Thanks for helping out with Steph.  I’ll be back to walk her to her next class after mine lets out.”
“No problem.  This campus is full of hot women so I have plenty of scenery to keep me from being bored.”
At Rick’s doubtful look, Joey chuckled, “I have to have some reason for being on an all-chick campus.  Don’t worry, I know this is serious business and I’m not about to let anything happen to my cousin’s cousin.  You can trust me.”
“I appreciate that.  You know, you look a little like Tanner when you laugh.”
“I’m actually older, so it’s the other way around.  He takes after me…usually with a stick, but let’s not go there.”
“Not much older by the look of things.”
“Well…that’s true…only a month, but it still counts.”
“I hear that.  I’m an hour older than my twin, and I never let him forget it.”
“My kind of guy,” Joey laughed.  “Go on to class…I’ve got this.”
“Thanks.”

Glendale, California

“Make up your mind, already,” Tiffany muttered as she waited for the old couple at the counter to order.
Always in a bad mood at work, she had to admit, her mood was even worse than usual.
And it’s all Steph’s fault, she grumbled silently.
Tiffany had gone to bed the night before satisfied with herself, sure that turning off Stephanie’s alarm would put her so late that she wouldn’t be able to make it to class on time and be forced to give up the whole stupid college class thing, but somehow her twin had managed to wake up without it.
“What’s on that little hamburger…?” the old lady asked hesitantly, “The mini thing…?”
“The Mini Binge,” Tiffany said in a bored tone, “has ketchup, mustard, and two pickles.”
“Oh dear,” the woman fretted, “I don’t like pickles.” 
“So you want to cut the pickles?”
“I don’t like pickles no matter what size they are, dear.”
“Cut the pickles doesn’t mean cut up the pickles, it means take the pickles off,” Tiffany informed her impatiently.
“Why didn’t you just say that?”
“Do you want the Mini Binge without the pickles?” Tiffany asked, ignoring the rebuke.
“No, I don’t think so…I’m not sure,” the woman said before turning to her husband.  “What are you having, dear?”
“The Binge Buster combo,” the old man answered cackling.  “What a name.”
“Oh, that sounds like fun,” the woman said.  “What’s on that?”
“I hate my life,” Tiffany muttered.
After Tiffany finally got through with the old couple and put the order in, she returned to the counter to find a guy watching her with an intense expression on his obnoxiously familiar face.
“Can I help you?”
“Talk about looking out of place.”
“New take on an old line,” Tiffany snorted.
“What?”
“Sounds a lot like ‘What’s a nice girl like you doing in a place like this’ and before you go any further, I’m not interested.”
“Oh, no, I’m not trying to pick you up…like I told you before, I actually have a girlfriend.”
“I’m so happy for you,” Tiffany said with more than a tinge of sarcasm.  “Are you going to order something or not?”
“I think we’ve gotten off on the wrong foot again.  In case you don’t remember me, I’m Floyd…we met the other day.”
“There is no foot…next!”
“No wait…I’m ordering…okay…I’ll take a Binge Buster with fries and a chocolate shake.”
“Fine…that’ll be five-forty six.”
“How do you know without ringing it up?”
“Because almost everybody orders that same thing, Floyd.”
“Hey, you remembered my name this time.”
“Yeah, well, don’t take that wrong, it is the opposite of a compliment.  Are you paying or not?”
“I’m paying…I’m paying…geez…”

Tuesday, June 5th

Chapter 28

“Is Steph working today?”
“And you would be…?” Tanner prompted.
“Hey, what are you doing here?” Tiffany asked the newcomer as she moved to the front counter.  “I thought you were on tour with your loser band.”
“Wow, for a minute there I thought you were Steph, but then you opened your big fat mouth and I knew better.”
“And why are you here bothering me instead of trying to make it big and failing big-time, Tommy the guitar-playing-loser?”
“Long story short, I’m here to see Steph before I join up with Stinky Feet the day after tomorrow.”
“Stinky Feet…?  The same Stinky Feet that won a Grammy for best new artist back in February?”
“Yep.”
“I thought your garage band was opening for Human Lies.”
“Yeah, well, we were until their lead singer couldn’t keep his hands off a twelve-year-old girl and got caught.  The whole tour was canceled after just three shows.”
“How did that translate into you joining an actual band?”
“I have mad guitar skills and somebody finally recognized it,” Tommy said with mounting impatience.  “Is Steph working today or not?”
“Oh, that…she’s off with her new boyfriend doing who knows what.”
“Steph has a boyfriend?” Tommy asked in shock.  “Since when?”
“Are you one of Steph’s old flames?” Tanner asked.
“Flames…?  Uh…no…we’re best friends.”
“A best friend that doesn’t know what’s going on in her life?” Tanner asked with obvious doubt in his voice.
“Like the wicked witch over there said, I’ve been on tour with my band and haven’t really had time to talk to her,” he explained before turning back to Tiffany and asking, “Is it Bobby?”
“Is what Bobby?”
“Her new boyfriend…is it Quarterback Bobby?  He was hitting on her the last week of school, so…”
“Quarterback Bobby was hitting on her?  Why wouldn’t she tell me that?”
“Is it him?”
“It’s not anybody you know.  It’s just some other loser guy that moved in across the street the day you left.”
“Are they serious?”
“Very serious,” Tanner put in before a ding interrupted them.  “Do you want the counter or the vehicle that just pulled up at the window.”
“I’ll take the counter,” Tiffany said with a thoughtful look.
“Are you sure?  You usually hate the taking the counter…it’s too busy for you.”
“What can I say?  I’m easily bored.”
“Fine by me,” Tanner shrugged and left.
“You’re more shocked than a simple best friend should be,” Tiffany noted with interest, an idea forming in her head.  “Are you sure that’s all you feel for Steph?”
“Like I’d tell you anything,” Tommy retorted before pushing away from the counter and heading towards the exit.  “I’ll just try her cell again.”
“Okay then, if you don’t care that some older guy is taking advantage of her…” Tiffany called after him.
Stopping dead in his tracks, Tommy slowly turned around to face Tiffany.  After eyeing her carefully, he returned to the counter.
“Older guy…?  How much older?”
“Late twenties…early thirties…”
“No way!  Steph’s too levelheaded to fall for some old pervert’s line.”
“That’s what I thought,” Tiffany said leaning towards him conspiratorially.  “Why don’t you come by the house between four-thirty and five and we’ll discuss it.”
“Okay, I’ll be there.”
After Tommy left, Tanner rejoined her at the counter.
“Rick’s not that old, he’s not a pervert, and you’ll still be here working at five.  “You are oh for three, girlie.”
“Not today,” Tiffany contradicted taking off her apron.  “I’m taking the rest of the day off to spend with Tommy.”
“You can’t do that.  The manager hasn’t hired anybody to replace Steph yet.”
“Wanna bet…?  Watch me.”
“Got her?” Tanner murmured as she slipped out the door.
“Yes.”
“Thanks, man…I’m glad you’re here.  She’s a handful.”
Although silence met his statement, Tanner turned to the next customer totally confident that Grant had everything under control.

~**~

“Okay, I’m here…now what?” 
“I have a plan to break up Steph and her perv, but I need your help.”
“Is that why you’re dressed in one of Steph’s favorite shirts?  You’re going to pretend that you’re her…?”
“Girls wear blouses,” Tiffany corrected in irritation, “guys wear shirts.”
“Whatever…I’m right, aren’t I?”
“Yeah, you’re a real Einstein…now shut up and listen.  In about ten minutes, Rick is going to drop Steph off and she’ll head into the bathroom to get ready for him to come back over, but instead he’ll see the two of us kissing in the bedroom window.”
“How do you know that’s what she’ll…?”
“Because we’re twins and she tells me everything…are you in or not?”
“What if he comes over here and tries to break it up?  He’ll see that it’s you and not Steph.”
“I’ll also text him a message from Steph’s phone, which she always leaves sitting on the bed when she’s in the bathroom…”
“Are you sure?  What if she doesn’t this time?”
“Long story involving our home phone and the toilet…anyway, I’ll grab her phone and leave him a message telling him that you came back to town and she discovered she’s madly in love with you and that it’s over between them.”
“Hey, this might actually work.”
“Don’t sound so surprised…most of my plans work.”
“What plans?  Have you…?”
“I hear the motorcycle,” Tiffany interrupted.  “Go hide in my closet and I’ll come get you once Steph’s in the bathroom.”
“What if she sees the text after…”
“I know how to delete a text, moron…now get in there and shut up.  They’re in front of the house.”
“Where are you going to be?” he asked as she closed the door in his face.
“Not in there with you, that’s for sure,” Tiffany muttered ducking down behind her sister’s bed to wait.

~**~

Rick had barely gotten his shirt off when his phone dinged.  Smiling at the thought that his future mate couldn’t wait until he headed back over in order to talk to him, he pulled up her text.
“What the…?”
Shaking his head in disbelief, Rick reread the message on his phone.
“That can’t be right,” he said in bewilderment.  “It just can’t…”
Without giving his half-undressed state another thought, he literally took off running and didn’t slow down until he was on his front porch.  Automatically glancing up at Stephanie’s bedroom window as he pulled the door shut, it felt like every bit of oxygen had suddenly been sucked out of the atmosphere.  Doubling over in agony, hands on knees, Rick couldn’t seem to catch his breath.  As much as he wanted to deny it, he couldn’t refute the evidence of his own eyes.
Stephanie, already changed from her school clothes into her favorite blouse, was making out with some other guy…apparently, her old friend Tommy, going by the Dear John text she’d sent him.
“No,” he whispered in anguish, desperately trying not to physically buckle under the weight of his despair.
“Rick,” a voice reached his ears, piercing the fog around his brain, “that is not your mate… it is her sister masquerading as your mate.”
“Grant…?”
“Go back into the house and wait…”
“I can’t…I can’t move.”
“It is not Stephanie.  Go back inside before they see you.”
With Herculean effort, Rick forced his feet to move.  Bathed in sweat, he retreated into his house, collapsing on the foyer floor as soon as the door shut.
 “I’m inside.”
“I will let you know when you can text your future mate.”
“I have to call Blake.”
“Why?”
“I’m afraid his current Alpha command may not be enough to stop the bloody murder in my soul at this very moment.  It’s…it’s bad…really bad…”
“No need to call him…he will already have realized it.”
Taking a deep breath, Rick could feel the calm seeping over him.  Five seconds later, the phone rang.
“What happened?”
“A misunderstanding, Blake…Grant is handling it.”
“You’re experiencing an extremely strong reaction for what you claim is a simple misunderstanding.”
“It involves Stephanie’s twin, so there is nothing simple about it.”
“Ah…”
“Thanks for the warm fuzzy…I’m better now.”
“No murderous thoughts?”
“Well, a few lingering ones, but I have them under control.”
As usual, Blake hung up as soon as the issue at hand was settled.
“Not one for prolonged goodbyes.”
“Never has been,” Grant agreed.  “Go ahead and text Stephanie as if nothing has happened.”
“You’re sure?”
“The other two have left the house and I must follow.”
“Thanks, Grant.  One of these days maybe we’ll actually meet.”
Silence met his statement.
“Not one for prolonged goodbyes, either, are you…” Rick noted as he pulled up Stephanie’s texts.
Before he could type anything in, he received one from Stephanie.
I’m ready.  What do you want to do tonight?
After typing, Murder your sister and friend Tommy, Rick stared at the words for all of twenty seconds before backspacing and replacing them.  Although it was silly, just typing the sentiment into his phone had somehow made him feel better.
How would you like to come over here for a while?
Are you sure?
Yes, I promise to behave.
Well I don’t.
Laughing out loud at her reply, he texted, Be there in less than a minute.
I’ll be waiting.
“Your dad was right about you, my little minx,” Rick chuckled as he took the stairs two at a time.  “Good thing I remembered I wasn’t wearing a shirt or we’d both be in trouble.”

~**~

“You came back.”
“I didn’t have anything better to do,” Tiffany shrugged as she slipped the apron over her head.
“Where’s Tommy?”
“Don’t know, don’t care.”
“You two seemed pretty chummy earlier.”
“He’s a dork.”
“And now you seem pretty pleased with yourself.  What did you do?”
“Too busy to talk,” Tiffany said as she headed to the window.
Reaching in his back pocket for his cell, Tanner sent a text and moved to the counter to wait on a middle-aged woman and her three teenaged daughters.  As he rung up their order, his phone buzzed.  Glancing at the reply, he could feel his anger slowly rising.
“One of these days, I’m going to strangle you, Tiff,” he muttered between gritted teeth.
“I’m sorry…I didn’t catch that,” the woman said leaning closer.  “What did you say?”
“While your food is cooking, I’ll wrangle you some drinks.”
“Oh, that would be great,” the youngest of the teenage girls squealed.  “We’ve been playing soccer and we’re so thirsty.”
“Didn’t I tell you he’s cool,” one of the other girls whispered.
“I know…and so hot!”
“How can you be cool and hot at the same time?”
“Mom!  You’re embarrassing us.”
“Oops…sorry,” the mother covered her mouth and winked at Tanner.
“Now you’ve made my day,” Tanner grinned at the girls, feeling the rage drain out of him.  “I think I’ll giant-size your drinks for free.”
Over the girls’ comments of ‘I want to marry him’ and ‘He’s mine’, the mom smiled and confided, “Could you double giant-size mine?  I need all the caffeine I can get to keep ahead of this bunch.”
“You bet.”
“I have to say, the girls are right…you are both cool and hot…but don’t tell my husband I said that.  He might get the wrong idea.”
“Your secret is safe with me,” he assured her as he made change.  “Be right back with those drinks.”
As soon as he got the chance, Tanner caught Tiffany between customers and said, “Your plan didn’t work.  Rick knows it was you with Tommy and not Steph.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“One of these days you’re going to get in way over your head and…”
“Blah blah blah blah blah…”

~**~

“It didn’t work.”
“Yeah, so I heard,” Tiffany said with undisguised impatience.  “What’re you going to do about it?”
“I called and talked to Steph a little while ago and I realized I don’t have a chance with her.”
“Wimp.”
“Look, I can’t hang around waiting for something that’ll never happen or I’ll miss out on something that I’ve wanted ever since I touched my first guitar.”
“Well, by all means, go then…leave her in the hands of a pervert, but when fall rolls around and you try to pick up your friendship…”
“First of all, I’m not planning to go back to school—a GED is enough for what I want to do—and second of all, Stephanie let me talk to him and I’ve got to say, he doesn’t sound like a perv.  He actually sounds like a really nice guy who cares about her.  Plus, he has the coolest motorcycle ever made.”
“A motorcycle…?  You’re leaving Steph in the hands of a sexual deviant because he has a cool motorcycle?  The man’s twenty-eight and she’s only seventeen…some best friend you turned out to be.”
“Rick’s not even twenty-four yet.  You know, I’m beginning to think this is less about her and more about you.  You’ve always been jealous of her and…”
“I am not jealous…I just don’t think he’s good enough for her.”
“Maybe, but I know for a fact that you don’t think I’m good enough for her either so I’m just going to bow out gracefully.  I have other things I want to do with my life and if I were you, I’d get used to the idea that you won’t have Steph to push around much longer.”
“Idiot,” Tiffany muttered at the phone, even though Tommy had already hung up.
Deciding that she needed a distraction, she punched the number eight on her speed dial.
“Cliff…?  Be here at closing tonight,” she ordered and immediately disconnected.
As Tiffany left the bathroom, all Tanner could do was shake his head in defeat.  He usually made a point of blocking out bathroom sounds, but when Tiffany’s phone rang and she headed for the restroom, he knew it had something to do with his cousin’s evil plot to break up Rick and her twin and decided to borrow a page from Tiffany’s own playbook and eavesdrop.  Although he’d prayed he was wrong, he was disappointed.  Every time Tanner thought she was making progress, Tiffany regressed.
Discouraged, he headed to the window to wait on the next customer.

~**~

“It’s great that I don’t have to take the bus anymore,” Tanner said as Samantha locked the door to the Burger Binge.
“I’m glad you’re staying with us,” Samantha agreed.  “Maybe you can call Joey and we can play a few rounds of spoons before bedtime.”
“Order pizza and he’s there,” Tanner assured her as they headed towards the car.
“Does anybody deliver this late at night?”
“Yeah, we know a place.”
“You would,” Samantha laughed.  “Probably the first thing you found when you got here.”
“Yep…do you think it’ll disturb Steph?  She has to get up before the rest of us.”
“Oh, right…and Joey stumbling back over to Rick’s house at all hours of the night might wake him up, too.  Maybe we should wait until we have a day off and start earlier in the evening.”
“Probably a good idea.”
“Hey, Tiff, car’s over here,” Samantha called as soon as she realized her sister wasn’t following them.
“Cliff and I are hanging out for a while,” Tiffany yelled back.  “He’s waiting for me.”
“Oh no, you aren’t.  We’re going straight home.  Curfew is at midnight and it’s already after eleven because of that charter bus pulling in right before closing.”
“I can’t believe you’re still dating that Cliff jerk,” Tanner said in disbelief.  “Especially after what he did…you’ve got to be kiddin’ me.”
“I’ll be home by midnight…and yeah, I’m still seeing Cliff…what’s it to you?”
“Well, for no other reason, I’d drop him just because of his name.  I mean, Cliff and Tiff…?  Seriously…?”
“Oh shut up!”
“Tiff…”
“Don’t wait up, Sam.”
“That girl,” Samantha scowled as she pulled out her car keys to unlock the doors.  “I swear…”
“Got her?” Tanner asked in a low voice.
“Yes,” Grant replied as Tiffany slid into the front passenger seat of Cliff’s car.

~**~

“I’ve had a rotten day, Cliff,” Tiffany warned, “so you’d better make me feel really really good or I’m calling it quits…especially after the stunt you pulled with Ashley.”
“Hmm,” Cliff murmured as he leaned towards her and buried his face in her neck, “you smell so yummy.”
“Glad you approve…now shut up and kiss me.”
Instead of obeying, Cliff began nuzzling her neck.  Tiffany moaned and tilted her head back, liking where things were going, until…
“Ow!” Tiffany yelped as she pushed Cliff away.  “Stop biting me.”
“I can’t help it,” Cliff protested.  “You smell like hamburgers and I’m starving.  I waited for hours for you to come out.”
“Oh wow…you say the most romantic things…and it wasn’t hours…it was thirty minutes tops.”
“Well, it felt like hours…and you never complained about my biting before.”
“Yeah, well, maybe I don’t like being compared to a Binge Buster…damn I hate that name.”
“Why…?  Binge Busters are the best.”
“You know, I’m just now beginning to figure out that you truly are an idiot.”
“Hey!  Well, you know what…you’re out with me, so what does that make you?”
“You’re right…I’m done being an idiot going out with an idiot that has muscles for brains.”
“You said you liked my muscles.”
“Yeah, well, every time you open your mouth, you ruin that for me.”
“Oh, so that’s your excuse?”
“My excuse…?  For what…?”
“For not putting out…for leaving me hanging for months…for making me horny because you want to feel good and expecting me to just deal with it…because you don’t like it when I talk?”
“I told you I’m not ready for…you know…that…”
“The least you could do is give me a blow job.”
“Ew…gross!  I’m really not ready for that!”
“We’re seniors this year and we’ve been making out for almost a year…so not being ready isn’t going to cut it anymore, sweet cheeks.”
“Maybe not for you…”
“You know what?  I have been an idiot…listening to you all this time…letting you boss me around and call all the shots…but guess what?  That’s not going to happen anymore because I’m bigger than you are so from now on we do it my way.”
“What do you mean, your way…?  You don’t have a way.”
“My way is all the way…just like I like my Binge Busters.” 
“Wait…stop…what do you think you’re doing?” Tiffany asked in alarm as Cliff moved closer and reached for her.  “Get back on your own side of the car, you asshole.”
“Nope…no more talking…just doing…” he said as he reached over her and hit the lever reclining her seat.
“Get away from me, you bastard…I’m warning you…”
Cliff pushed her backwards on the seat and climbed on top of her.
“This is my way,” he said as he pushed the hem of her shirt up over her bra.
Grabbing his hands in a futile attempt to stop them, Tiffany realized she’d miscalculated her control over him.  She was in major trouble.
“My dad will kill you for this.”
“Ask me if I care,” he snorted as he popped open the button on her jeans.
“Stop it!” she yelled, panic in her voice as she began to struggle in earnest, attempting to push him off her.
The car shook with her efforts, but even as she struggled, she knew it was hopeless…she was about to lose her virginity to a muscle-for-brains idiot.
Suddenly, miraculously, Cliff stopped.
“What’s that?” he asked raising his head.  “What’s going on?  Is it an earthquake?”
That was when Tiffany realized that she wasn’t the one shaking the vehicle.
Peering out the front passenger-side window, Cliff’s eyes widened in shock at the figure right outside Tiffany’s window.  Scrambling away from Tiffany and back into the driver’s seat, Cliff threw the car into reverse and slammed his foot down on the accelerator, throwing Tiffany into the dashboard of the car.
“You moron!” she exclaimed, trying to push herself back into the seat.  “What is your problem?”
“Wolf!” Cliff hollered spinning the car around and jamming the gearshift into drive.

Wednesday, June 6th

Chapter 29

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana

“Wow girl,” Quort said around a mouthful of food, “this is like the best risotto ever.  Must have cost a pretty penny for the saffron…and using a dry white wine so it didn’t turn out too sweet…good choice.  You sure don’t skimp on your meals.”
At her surprised gasp, Quort grinned, “I told you, I know food.  I’m not really big on cooking it myself, but I love eating it.  The funny thing is, I like all kinds of food…fast food, home-cooking, haute cuisine…you name it and I’ve chowed down on it.  Variety is the spice of life, you know.  See, my parents have more money than sense so we had a cordon bleu chef at home and I’ve been to a lot of 5-star restaurants all over the world, but I’ve gotta say that none of their food is any better than this.  Not even New York pizza in Chicago is better than this and that’s saying something.  Where do you get all of your recipes?  Or is that a secret?”
At Georgia’s blush, Quort exclaimed, “No way!  You seriously make up your own recipes?”
Nodding sheepishly, Georgia tentatively met his eyes.
“Damn, girl…what the hell are you doing stuck out here in the back of beyond cooking for some rancher that probably doesn’t know the difference between filet mignon and hamburger meat?  Not that there’s anything wrong with hamburger meat, mind you, but still…with your cooking smarts you could work for anybody anywhere in the world.”
Taking in Georgia’s reproachful look, Quort ducked his head in apology, “Okay, bad language and bad example.  He’s a rancher so he probably knows steak, but I’ll bet he has no idea what saffron is much less how much he’s paying for you to be able to use it.  That stuff doesn’t come cheap.”
“I grow my own,” Georgia said before clamping her hands over her mouth, eyes wide in shock.
“Now that is the voice of an angel,” Quort grinned reaching up and removing her hands from her mouth, “and I’m not letting my little angel chef get away with not talking anymore.  So tell me…do you grow other stuff?”
At her nod, he continued, “Will you show me your garden?  And I don’t mean that in a ‘show you my etchings’ kind of way because that’s something my dad would say and he’s kind of jerk and I don’t want to be anything like him, but anyway…I really do want to see what all you’re growing.”
“Etchings…?” Georgia whispered in confusion.
“Oh my gosh, you don’t know what that means, do you?”
Shaking her head in misery, Quort noticed the beginnings of tears building in her eyes.
“Hey, I didn’t mean to make you cry.  It’s just an old saying and like I said before, my dad the jerk uses it so it goes without saying that it’s not a very nice one.  I’m actually glad you don’t know what it means.  What do you say as soon as I can move around without a wheelchair you show me your garden.”
“I…I have a greenhouse,” she said in a hesitant voice.
“Even better!  I’m not much of an outdoor kinda guy.  So, is it a date?”
At her shy nod, Quort smiled in satisfaction and scooped up another big bite.
“Cool!  Now, while I’m finishing this off, how about we discuss what’s for supper…”

Glendale, California

“Finally, a night off,” Tanner sighed and slid a piece of pizza out of one of the boxes on the ping pong table.
“How can you eat that stuff?” Joey asked grimacing.
“Nothing wrong with anchovies,” Roger said taking a huge bite of his own slice.
“Pepperoni is the best,” Bobby insisted around a mouthful of pizza as he nabbed another slice.
“Hey, Smith…you still have a piece…why are you hogging it all?” Joey protested.  “I like pepperoni, too.”
“You’re all wimps,” Samantha scoffed.  “The name says it all…supreme rules, the rest drools.”
“We’ll see who drools when I’m holding the last spoon and you’re over there crying in your precious supreme,” Roger challenged.
“In your dreams, fish breath.”
“What the hell…?” Tiffany asked from the top of the stairs.  “What are all these people doing in my house, Sam?”
“We’re eating pizza and playing spoons,” Tanner answered for his cousin.  “And you do know this is my bedroom…right?”
“Temporary bedroom…and hopefully not for much longer.”
“Whatever,” Tanner shrugged.  “Wanna join us?  There’s plenty of pizza.”
“Plenty of anchovy pizza,” Joey said picking up a box and offering it to her while using the thumb and index finger of his free hand to hold his nose.  “Unless you’re too much of a wimp to eat it.”
“Wimp…?  Do you have any idea who you’re talking to?”
“I guess we’ll see, won’t we?” Joey taunted as he opened the lid.  “How about it?”
“You have to hold your nose at the smell and you have the nerve to call me a wimp,” Tiffany accused as she lifted a piece from the box.  “Watch and learn, pantywaist.”
Joey gaped in disbelief as Tiffany tore off a huge bite and chewed it right in front of him with her mouth open, blowing the smell in his direction between each swallow.
“Oh man!” Joey exclaimed in disgust while the rest of the group laughed. “Talk about your fish breath…”
“She got you good,” Tanner chuckled.  “Pull up a chair, Tiff, and we’ll show this loser how to eat anchovies and play spoons the Macintosh way.”
“You know, Joey, I’ve never liked you,” Tiffany smiled evilly.  “I’m going to enjoy breathing anchovy in your face while I beat the panties off you, pantywaist.”
“Wow, really original…pantywaist and pantywaist again…I can see you have a very limited vocabulary.”
“Oh, there are a lot of other things I could call you, but not in mixed company.  So where’s Steph?  She’s always up for a game of spoons.”
“Across the street,” Joey offered, “that’s why we’re playing over here…to give them some privacy, if you know what I mean.”
“Yeah right,” Tiffany snorted.  “For your information, Steph doesn’t do that kind of thing, idiot…moron…asshole…piss-ant.  See, I have lots of names I could call you and those are the nice ones.”
“Well, I don’t know about the rest of you, but I’m up for beating the panties off of the name-calling bitch.” 
“This is a friendly game so the two of you better holster your tongues,” Samantha warned.  “And there’ll be no beating the clothes off anybody.”
“Aw…c’mon…that’s a great idea,” Roger nodded with enthusiasm.  “Let’s play strip spoons.”
“And I repeat…in your dreams,” Samantha snorted.
“Apparently, that’s the only time I ever see any action,” Roger sighed as he picked up the pack of cards, “in my dreams.”
“Deal the cards before I have to hurt you,” Tanner suggested in a deceptively mild tone.
“Dealing now…”

~**~

“Who’s phone?” Tanner asked an hour later as a ping sounded over the noise of the rambunctious game.
“Oh, that’s me,” Tiffany replied pushing back from the table.  “I’m done, anyway.”
“It’s early yet,” Bobby protested.
“I can only take so much togetherness,” Tiffany shrugged before shutting herself in her bedroom and pulling up her texts, expecting something from Cliff.
“Hey Tiff, this is Floyd and before you block me, I’m a friend of Tommy’s.” 
“Knowing Tommy isn’t a ringing recommendation.”
“I can help you with your situation if you’ll let me.”
“How do you know Tommy?  He didn’t mention you.”
“I met him while he was touring and came back here with him.”
“You showed up days before he did.”
“He was in town before he came to see you.  Let me help you.”
“There’s nothing you can do.”
“I already have a plan in mind.”
“What kind of plan?”
“The kind where your sister realizes that her boyfriend’s a coward and dumps him.”
“How will you do that?”
“I pretend to kidnap your sister and she sees that her boyfriend is useless.”
“I don’t want her kidnapped.”
“She won’t even know.  I’ll tell her you and I are friends and take her out for a soda.”
“Come to the Burger Binge again and we’ll talk about it.”
“No, someone might overhear our plan.”
“There is no ‘our plan’.”
“You’re desperate to break them up, aren’t you?”
“It won’t work anyway because she’s too well protected.”
“What do you mean?”
“He’s always with her when she’s not at home.”
“What about when she’s in class?”
“How do you know she’s taking classes?”
“I listen…I hear things.”
“And I bet you see dead people.”
“Sorry, didn’t mean it like that…I was just joking.”
“Then how do you know?”
“I heard your cousin telling somebody the other day.”
“When they separate to go to class, my cousin’s cousin watches her.”
“How do you know?”
“I listen…I hear things.”
“And see dead people…?  Rotfl”
“So, you’re serious?”
“When I get through with him, he’ll look like a wimp and she’ll dump him.”
“Okay, when do you want to do it?”
“Now we’re talking.”
“Actually, we’re texting.”
“I’ll be in touch.”
“Can hardly wait.”

Thursday, June 7th

Chapter 30

Scripps Campus
Claremont, California

Stephanie, standing near the parking lot where she and Rick had agreed to meet every day after their last class, had begun to worry.  Rick was never late.
“Tiff!” an unfamiliar male voice exclaimed near her ear as a hand came down on her shoulder.  “I didn’t know you went to school here.  I thought you hadn’t graduated high school yet.”
Turning around with an understanding smile on her face, Stephanie took in the clean-cut, brown-headed boy that appeared to be about her own age.  He was average height, average weight...and well…average everything.  His appearance was so unremarkable that Stephanie knew immediately that Tiffany had never dated him—would never even consider dating him—and that he was just another hopeful on her vast string of hopefuls.
“Sorry,” Stephanie shrugged apologetically, “but I’m not Tiff.”
“But you…I mean…” he stammered in confusion before his brow cleared and he leaned closer and whispered conspiratorially.  “Oh, I get it…you don’t really go to school here and you’re pretending that you’re someone else.  I knew you weren’t old enough to be in college.”
“No, really…I’m not Tiff,” Stephanie repeated as she had at least a thousand times in the past.  “I’m her twin sister, Steph and I’m taking classes that count as both high school and college credits.”
“Okay, now I know you’re not Tiff,” he laughed.  “She’d never do something like that.”
“She has other priorities,” Stephanie said diplomatically, trying desperately not to take offense at his tone.
It was okay if she criticized her twin, but it was not okay for anyone else to do it.
“Got that right,” he winked and held out his hand.  “I’m Floyd, by the way…nice to meet you Stephanie.”
“Steph,” she replied automatically, allowing him to take her hand for a brief moment before hastily withdrawing it.
Strike two…
 Not only had he criticized her sister, he’d called her Stephanie.  Rick and her mother were the only people allowed to do that and she thought it presumptuous of him when she’d already introduced herself as Steph.
“You know, I think I recall Tiff mentioning you, now that I think of it,” Floyd said.  “Tiff and Steph…now that’s a riot.  Your parents must love poetry and all that rhyming stuff.”
Making fun of our names and bringing my parents into it…definitely strike three…
“I suppose,” Stephanie said glancing around for Rick, futilely hoping for an escape from the nondescript boy that was beginning to irritate her.
Rick should be here by now.
“Oh, right…your mom’s an English teacher…I remember now.”
And again with the ‘now’ word…is there a strike four…?  Hmm…nope, only a ball four…
Not only was Floyd’s overuse of the word ‘now’ bothering her, it was starting to sound funny, almost like it was forced.
“Have you known Tiff long?” Stephanie asked with more interest.
“Not too long.”
“I don’t remember her dating somebody named Floyd.”
“We only went out a couple of times…just didn’t click.”
“How did the two of you meet?”
“I have an idea…why don’t we go somewhere quiet, grab a soda, and I’ll fill you in?”
“I’m waiting for someone.”
“Call him and tell him you’re going out with a friend.”
“Why do you think my friend is a ‘he’?”
“Just assumed a foxy mama like you would have a boyfriend.”
“You know, that’s a good idea,” Stephanie said digging her phone out of her backpack.  “I think I will call him.”
Instead of calling, though, Stephanie turned away from Floyd, pulled up her messages, and typed 911.
“What’re you doing?” Floyd asked trying to peer over her shoulder.
Although she had no idea why, Stephanie not only actively disliked Floyd by that point, she was also beginning to distrust him.  There was something about the way he talked and his eyes…there was something she couldn’t put a finger on, but somehow she knew it was wrong.
“Typing to my boyfriend,” Stephanie answered blocking his view with her shoulder, “and it’s private.”
“Oh, right…the boyfriend,” Floyd snorted.  “Tiff said he was a major jerk.”
 Something certainly wasn’t adding up.  At first, he’d thought she was Tiffany and didn’t know she had a twin.  Then he not only remembered the twin, but remembered their mother was an English teacher and that Stephanie had a boyfriend that Tiffany thought was a jerk.  On top of that, he claimed to have dated Tiffany.  That was just plain wrong.  Stephanie knew Tiffany well enough to know she didn’t date average looking guys, and Floyd was definitely in that category.
Either I’m paranoid or he’s up to something and, with all of Rick’s warnings, I’m going to go with my gut instinct and assume he’s up to something.
“I really have to go,” Stephanie said as she turned towards a more crowded area.
“But we’re just getting to know each other,” Floyd whined.
“Sorry,” Stephanie threw over her shoulder, “maybe another time…ow!” she exclaimed as he grabbed her upper arm and pulled her back around to face him.  “Let go…you’re hurting me.”
“Sorry,” he mimicked as he twisted her wrist and took the phone from her unresisting fingers, “but there won’t be another time.”
Tossing the phone to the ground, he turned her towards the parking lot, twisting her arm behind her back as she struggled to free herself.  Giving up any hope that she could reason with him, Stephanie didn’t waste any time in idle conversation…simply opened her mouth and screamed at the top of her lungs.
“Shut up or I’ll break your arm,” Floyd growled in her ear, twisting her arm so far back that the excruciating pain lent credence to his threat.
That just added more power to her scream.

~**~

The 911 text from Stephanie hit Rick like an eighteen-wheeler and suddenly everything fell into place.  
First, Joey had witnessed an accident as he left Rick’s place that morning, resulting in his being detained by the police for hours because another witness contradicted his story.  Then, after his last class, Rick made the parking lot only to discover his motorcycle tires had been slashed.  
The two were not some random acts…someone was trying to put them both out of commission.
Sticking his cell in his mouth, Rick took off running towards the north end of the parking lot.  Reaching the cover of the trees, he didn’t even slow down, shifting almost instantaneous—something he’d never done before—as the adrenaline pumping through his body took over.  Even though the pain was excruciating—at any other time it would have put him down for the count—Rick barely felt it, the panic and fear spreading through him like wild fire, overriding everything else.  
 Keeping a firm grip on the phone in his mouth, the wolf sent out his own 911 to Blake as he sped towards the love of his life, leaving his clothing in tatters, scattered among the trees. 

~**~

The maniac named Floyd had finally finished taping her up and shut the car door.  At that point, Stephanie knew she didn’t have much time left.  Once the car left the parking lot, Rick would have no idea where to look for her.
At the thought of Rick, sobs tore through Stephanie’s chest not only shaking her body, but the whole car.  For a few seconds, as she lay on the back seat of the ancient sedan, she couldn’t catch her breath, but even as she hyperventilated, Stephanie knew she had to keep the panic she felt from taking over or she would totally lose it.  The tape covering her mouth as well as the musty and moldy smell of the old cloth seats caused her breathing difficulties, but she had to forget about those things and try to concentrate on what to do.  
The duct tape cutting painfully into her wrists and ankles, however, distracted her, making concentrating even harder.  A couple of fingers and toes were already going slightly numb and she began to worry about losing circulation to her limbs.  She’d read horror stories about unintentional amputations.
Not that I’ll live long enough to care.
Stop that!  You have to stay positive.
Okay, I’m positive I won’t live long.
Rick is coming…he’ll save us.
You think so?
Yes, I do.  Now stop with the negativity.
I’ll try.
That’s my girl.
As silly as it seemed, the conversation in her head calmed her and she was able to focus on what was happening and what she could do to save herself.  It probably had a lot to do with Rick’s being the second voice in her imaginary conversation, but for whatever reason, she felt a renewed hope as well as strength.
Reaching as far as she could towards the tape binding her wrists, she set about trying to free herself.

~**~

As the wolf reached the parking lot where he and Stephanie had agreed to meet after their last class each day, he could tell that she was still there somewhere…her scent strong in his nostrils.  Winding through the parked cars, ignoring the gasping and pointing, he finally pinpointed the general direction and took off loping.
The driver of the old and beat up sedan, glancing around as he slid into his seat, turned just in time to see a large grey wolf clearing the line of cars behind him.  Somehow, he managed to get inside the vehicle, slam the door shut, and fumble his key into the ignition before the wolf’s head appeared in his window.
It was just Floyd’s rotten luck that he’d stolen a vehicle that had no working air conditioner and he had, of course, left the windows rolled down.  
Carefully avoiding direct eye contact with the growling wolf mere inches from his face—not wanting the creature to think he was challenging him—Floyd surreptitiously slid the old and ratty afghan on the front seat over part of his lap before slipping his right hand into his pants pocket hoping to reach his cell in order to call for help.
The girl in the back seat chose that moment to make her presence known with some sort of muffled squeal, which opportunely drew the wolf’s attention away just long enough for Floyd to pull the phone out of his pocket.  His finger was almost to the number one on his speed dial when a vice came out of nowhere, gripping his arm so tightly that Floyd was forced to release his phone, which promptly clattered to the floorboards.
Reaching over with his left hand in an attempt to free his right arm, Floyd gazed up into the eyes of another wolf—a brown and black wolf with huge teeth digging into his arm—and he froze.  No longer concerned with his failed mission, Floyd simply accepted his death sentence as the wolf relentlessly hauled him across the bench seat towards the passenger side door.
The grey wolf turned away from Stephanie’s fearful eyes long enough to watch as the other wolf dragged the kidnapper through the passenger side window and out of the parking lot, vanishing over a grassy hill.  Once the pair disappeared from sight, the wolf squeezed in through the driver’s side window and lay down on the front seat.

~**~

Stephanie watched the whole scene in horror—from the appearance of the first wolf complete with cell phone in its mouth, to the appearance of the second wolf dragging her kidnapper out of the car—realizing that she was next.
Eyes wide, she couldn’t seem to turn away from the sight of the huge grey wolf wiggling through the window into the front seat.  Hysterical laughter bubbled up inside of her at the sound of the back paws scratching on the outside of the car trying to find footing as the middle part of the wolf became wedged in the window, but she fought it down.  She had to remain calm and think…think…
Finally, the wolf disappeared into the front seat and then came terrifying crackling noises accompanied by agonized whimpers.  The sounds stirred odd feelings inside of her, and for some strange reason she could feel tears stinging her eyes.
Suddenly, the disconcerting noises ceased and all Stephanie could hear was labored breathing.  As the breathing evened out, the wolf in the front seat began to rise and, realizing that her temporary reprieve was over, she screwed her eyes shut.  Having once read that staring down a dog was a bad idea, Stephanie decided that staring down a wolf was probably suicide.  Even though she most likely was going to die anyway, at least it gave her some small iota of hope.
Sensing that the wolf’s head was above the seat by the breath sounds she could hear, Stephanie held her own breath, wondering if she played dead the wolf might go away and leave her alone.
That only works for bears, silly.
Lions and tigers and bears…oh my…
No wolf in that list.
I wonder why.
Probably because it’s only one syllable.
Bears is only one syllable.
Bears are only one syllable.
The word bears is only one syllable.
That’s what I said.
Don’t think so.
Wolfies is two syllables.
What does that have to do with…?
The shaking of the vehicle as well as the sound of car doors opening and shutting interrupted Stephanie’s nonsensical internal conversation.  Surely, a wolf couldn’t do that…
“Open your eyes, my Stephanie.”
Inhaling sharply through her nose, Stephanie’s lids flew open in shock.
“I’m going to free you,” Rick was saying as he slid into the back seat, lifting her head and placing in his lap, “but it will be painful.  Are you ready?”
At Stephanie’s nod, he grasped an edge of the tape over her mouth and pulled it gently away from the skin of her cheek, stopping at her squeal of pain and the tears filling her eyes.
“I’m so sorry, sweetheart…but I have to do this.  Would you like me to go slowly?”
The furious headshake should have left no room for doubt, but Rick wasn’t convinced.
“Are you sure you want me to rip it off quickly?  It’s really going to hurt.”
Stephanie’s eyes spoke volumes.
“You’re right…it’s going to hurt no matter how I do it…so, here goes…”
The squeal of pain tore at Rick’s heart much as the tape tore at the delicate skin on Stephanie’s face.
“I’m so sorry,” he said again, “but I have to free your wrists and ankles.”
“Do it fast,” she whispered.
Rolling her away from him slightly to gain access to her wrists, Rick began working the tape loose as quickly as possible.
As her cheek lay on Rick’s leg Stephanie realized that his leg was bare…as were his feet and, come to think of it, she couldn’t seem to recall seeing any clothes at all.
But he’d been fully dressed when they rode to the campus that morning.  So why was he naked?
The thought distracted her so much, the ripping tape barely made an impression.
“You’re being so brave, my Stephanie,” Rick said as he made quick work of the tape on her ankles since her jeans prevented any tape from touching that part of her skin.  “It doesn’t look so bad…I got to it in time.”  
The painful tingling of feeling returning to her hands and feet pulled Stephanie out of her dazed and meandering thoughts on Rick’s lack of clothing, turning her attention back to what had almost happened to her.  Recalling her horrid fears about amputation and death and how close she’d come to never seeing Rick again, sobs rose up in her throat once more.
“Rick…oh Rick…” she cried as, freed of her bonds, she bolted upright and threw herself into his arms despite the excruciating needles stabbing her extremities.
“It’s okay…everything’s okay now…” he said as his arms enfolded her and he rested his chin on the top of her head.  “I’ve got you…you’re safe, my darling.”
 “I didn’t know…I never thought…he seemed so nice at first, but then he started saying things that didn’t make sense so I did that 911 thing you told me to do and when I wouldn’t go with him he twisted my arm and made me go with him…and I didn’t know where you were or where he was taking me…and I was so scared…”
“I know, sweetheart,” Rick held her tightly, stroking his hand over her hair as she wept.  “I’m so sorry I let that happen.  I swear I’ll take better care of you.”
It took Stephanie a few minutes to calm down while Rick kept her safely in his arms and continued to comfort her, and another few minutes for it to dawn on her what he’d said.
“It wasn’t your fault…it was mine,” she said lifting her eyes to meet his.  “I should have listened to you and been more careful…”
“Nothing that happened was your fault, Stephanie.  Keeping you safe is my responsibility and I failed.  I just hope you’ll forgive me.”
“Rick,” Stephanie said in surprise, all traces of tears gone from her voice, as she leaned away from him, “of course I forgive you, but there’s nothing to forgive.  There was no way you could have known…”
“Regardless,” Rick interrupted, “I’ll do a better job of protecting you in the future.  You are everything to me and I can’t bear the thought of losing you.”
“You mean that?” she whispered.
“I love you, my Stephanie.”
“I love you, too,” she said as she threw her arms around his neck.
Before he could do or say anything else, Stephanie’s soft pink lips found his.  Rick’s self-control completely dissolved as he allowed his lips to show her just how much she meant to him.
When he finally found the strength to pull away, Stephanie sighed and snuggled deeply into his chest, tired beyond words.
“I’m sleepy,” she said stifling a yawn, “but when I wake up, I want to know what happened to your clothes.”
“Of course, my love,” Rick replied, chuckling softly.
After her breathing evened out, Rick situated her on the bench seat and kissed her forehead. 
“Sleep well, my sweet Stephanie,” he murmured.  “I’m fairly certain you’re going to need it.”
Sliding out of the car, Rick secured the knot holding the old afghan around his hips before returning to the front seat.  After starting the engine, Rick backed the dilapidated vehicle out of the parking space and made his way towards the exit.  As he drew closer, the general hum of indecipherable crowd noises became clearer and he was able to make out distinct conversations.
He ears perked up at the mention of his name by a familiar voice.
“Rick, if you can hear me, head south out of the parking lot.  Rick, if you can hear me, head south out of the parking lot.  Rick, if you can hear me…”
“Thanks, Tanner,” Rick interrupted, turning the car around and heading in the opposite direction.  “I’ve got it.”
“Is she okay?”
“She’s fine.”
“I’ll meet you at your house.”
“No, we need to be alone.”
“Well I’ll be damned…you’ve gone and done it, haven’t you?  Uncle Trey is gonna freak.”
“I’ll have to park this old junker in front of my house so have somebody pick it up as soon as possible…it’s probably stolen.  The guy’s phone will be on the front seat.”
“Sure thing…anything else I can do to help?”
“Just make sure nobody bothers us until I give the word.”
“Will do, and may I say…”
“No, you may not,” Rick once more broke in.  “Later.”
“Yeah, later, dude,” Tanner chuckled before murmuring, “if you live that long.”
As Rick approached the closed gate, he spoke two words aloud, “I’m here,” and a plain-clothes police officer with a badge hooked on his belt appeared from behind some bushes to open it, waving him through without stopping him.
“Thank you, Blake,” Rick said in appreciation as he exited the parking lot, recognizing the Alpha’s handiwork.
“And Steve,” an amused voice added, no doubt the officer at the gate, “don’t forget Steve.”
“Thank you, Steve,” Rick added.
“Anytime,” came the faint reply.
Turning towards home, Rick felt almost lighthearted.  His Stephanie was safe.  
A surge of connection to the Pack suddenly overwhelmed him.  He’d never had the chance to meet many members before and the knowledge that there were so many of them and they were all in it together was almost too much to process.  
It was good to know that the Pack had his back.

Glendale, California

Four hours later, as the screaming began, Rick fervently wished for some of that backup.  Although the process had been explained to him over and over since he’d reached puberty, no information in the world could have prepared him for the reality of the situation.
The pain…the agony…the…the…words escaped him.  None of them seemed to fit the sheer magnitude of what Stephanie experienced as she lay writhing and screaming on his bed.
Sitting next to her, Rick waited anxiously to see if Stephanie’s anguish—for lack of a better word—would lessen so they could talk.  His uncle, Jeanluc, had informed him that different Pack members had different experiences, and some, unfortunately, weren’t that lucky.  Rick had hoped that he and Stephanie would be one of the lucky ones.
They weren’t.
“Stephanie…” he began as he reached over to try to still her frantic thrashing, afraid she would injure herself.
“DON’T TOUCH ME!” she shrieked, shoving him away with surprising strength before returning her hands to the agonizing place over her heart and resuming the writhing and screaming.
At that point, Rick knew he had no choice.
Taking a couple of deep breaths, steeling himself for the struggle ahead, he gave himself a pep talk much as Stephanie had her first day of college classes.
I can do this…I can do this…Pack members have done this for centuries…I can do this…
Carefully grasping her shoulders as she turned his way, Rick quickly lowered his body onto hers to hold her as still as possible and slid his hand under her shirt, ignoring her screams of rage as well as the threats and insults she hurled at him.  He couldn’t help but grin at the foul language coming out of his sweet little Stephanie’s mouth.  She certainly was a fighter and he had to admire her for that.
Unerringly finding the marks over Stephanie’s heart—the marks that staked his claim on her—he covered the area with his hand.  The thrill he felt as he connected to his future mate was awe-inspiring and overwhelming at the same time, but unfortunately short-lived as her pain slammed into him with the power of a freight train.
Involuntarily, Rick’s whole body tensed, turning completely rigid on top of Stephanie.  There was nothing he could do about it…he couldn’t move, he couldn’t think, he could barely even breathe.
Screwing his eyes shut and biting down on his bottom lip, he fought for control over his own body.
“Rick…” Stephanie gasped below him, “I…can’t…breathe…”
He knew he should move, knew his 200 pounds could do serious damage to Stephanie’s slight 105 pound frame, but he couldn’t…not yet…the sheer torment of the pain he’d transferred from Stephanie held him immobile in its grasp.
With more strength than he’d given her credit for, Stephanie used her arms and legs and shoved Rick off her.  He landed on his back, disconnected from his marks, and the suffering was suddenly gone…at least, for him.
With a scream that could have shattered glass, Stephanie once more became a mindless animal in pain.
“Let me help you,” Rick begged, hoping his pleas weren’t falling on deaf ears, “I can take away your pain, my Stephanie.  Please let me.”
For a few heart-stopping seconds, Stephanie continued to flail, and Rick realized he’d have to try to hold her down again, but suddenly she turned to him—a wild look in her eyes—grabbed his hand and lifted the hem of her shirt.
That was all the invitation he needed as he once more found his way home.

Chapter 31

“What did you do to Tanner to make him bolt like that?”
“Don’t sneak up on me like that, Sam,” Tiffany complained.  “I’m too young to die of a heart attack.”
“What happened?  Why did he leave?”
“Don’t know…don’t care…”
“Did he say anything?”
“Nope…got a phone call and then took off.”
“That’s not like him,” Samantha fretted.
“Apparently, it is because he just did it.”
“Are you sure you didn’t…”
“I said I didn’t do anything,” Tiffany replied in irritation.  “Why does everybody always assume everything is my fault?”
“Because it usually is,” Samantha muttered, turning back towards the kitchen.
“Hey!” Tiffany protested.  “I heard that.”
Samantha didn’t even bother to reply as she threw a couple of hamburger patties on the grill.

~**~

“Is he talking, Joey?”
“No, but I found his phone when I picked up the car and I have to say, he’s been a very busy boy.”
“What’s on it?”
“Texts to different people…cryptic texts.  He was careful not to say too much, but knowing what just happened, it’s not hard to put the pieces together about the kidnapping.”
“Anything useful…?”
“I don’t think so…scrolling through them now and…holy hell…”
“That sounds bad.  What did you find?”
“You aren’t going to like this.”
“Just tell me.”
“One of the people he was texting is somebody we both know.”
“A spy?”
“More like a jealous and spiteful twin.”
“Holy hell…”
“I just said that.”
“What did she do?”
“Gave him all the information he needed about Rick and me in order to get to Steph without our interference.”
“How did she know about you watching Steph?”
“I’m guessing she was eavesdropping again.”
“We would have known she was there.”
“Probably overheard her parents talking about it.”
“Does it look like she knew who the kidnapper was or what he wanted with Steph?”
“No…best I can tell, she was just trying to break up the lovebirds.  I don’t think she knew he had other ideas.”
“Okay, thanks…let Blake know and tell him I’m handling it with Tiff.”
“What are you going to do?”
“Try to beat some sense into a very thick skull.”
“Good luck with that.”
“Just call Blake,” Tanner growled and snapped his phone shut.
“I’ll need more than luck for this job,” Tanner mumbled as he headed back towards the Burger Binge to confront his cousin.

~**~

“Oh wow…look who decided to show back up,” Tiffany scoffed as Tanner joined her behind the counter.  “And by the way, you’re welcome…not.  The next time you decide to go off and leave me with…”
“Why did you do it?”
“Do what?  I haven’t done anything except all of your work on top of mine.  Sam’s enough of a slave driver without….”
“I can tell by the way your heart’s racing that you know exactly what I’m talking about.”
“You can’t hear my heartbeat, and I told you, I’ve been here all afternoon so how could I do anything to anybody?”
“Joey saw the texts.”
“What are you talking about?  I told you, I was here all…”
“So you really do hate your sister that much…?  Or are you just a stupid selfish bitch that can’t stand to see her happy because a guy preferred her to you?”
“I don’t appreciate your tone,” Tiffany said haughtily untying her apron.  “In fact, I don’t like you at all.  I’m done here…done with you and your ridiculous accusations…done with Sam and her ‘do this do that’…done with everything and everybody.  Dad can just take his money and shove it up his…”
“Your sister was kidnapped and you don’t give a damn,” Tanner interrupted shaking his head in wonder.  “I can’t believe even a cold-hearted bitch like you would be that callous about your own twin.”
“She’s obviously fine…right…?” Tiffany said indifferently pulling the apron over her head.  “I mean, she must have turned up for you to know all about it, so what’s the problem?”
“The problem is, the guy you helped kidnap her wasn’t just going to kidnap her…he was planning to kill her.”
“Drama queen,” Tiffany muttered.
“You really don’t know, do you?”
“Know what?”
“That guy was using you to get to your sister in order to get to Rick.”
“Get to Rick…?  Why would he want to get to Rick?”
“The details don’t matter…all that matters is that he wanted to hit Rick where it hurt and he planned to do that using Steph.”
Tiffany’s face lost all color as she whispered, “He wasn’t just some random guy…?”
“He targeted you, played you, and you didn’t even think twice about putting your twin at risk.”
“Steph was really in danger?” Tiffany asked faintly, fingers grasping the apron in her hands so tightly that her knuckles turned white.  “I did that to her?”
“Damn right you did,” Tanner said not bothering to disguise the disgust in his voice.  “She’d be dead right now if Rick hadn’t gotten to her in time.”
“Is she okay?”
“No thanks to you.”
“Is she okay?”
“She’s not hurt…physically, that is.”
“I didn’t…I never meant…”
“All you cared about was getting back at Rick and Steph for falling in love without your permission…and it worked…you got back at them, alright.  I’ll be surprised if Rick ever lets you near her again.  I know I wouldn’t if I were him.”
Realizing that she was about to burst into tears, Tiffany threw her apron on the counter and sped out the door, unwilling to show any weakness in front of someone that hated her as much as Tanner obviously did.  She had to be strong…hide anything that could be used against her…or she wouldn’t survive a world that had never understood her.
Once outside, she took off running to the only place that she could be herself…the only place that ever felt like home to her…the one place she could call her own…

~**~

“What did Blake tell you to do with the kidnapper and the car after you got through interrogating him?” Tanner asked as he opened the fridge.
“I turned them both over to the police,” Joey replied, pulling out a chair and collapsing into it.  “Well, to that Steve guy, anyway.  He’s a detective.  You know, I’m thinking I might go into law enforcement.  Interrogating is pretty cool and having Pack members on the police force is great.”
“What do you think they’ll charge him with?” Tanner asked, grabbing a pizza box before shutting the fridge.  “Kidnapping or just attempted kidnapping…?  I’ve never understood the difference.”
“Steve said he’d rather not charge him with anything right now because that would involve your cousin in a mess, being an accomplice and all, and since she’s almost eighteen…” Joey shrugged as Tanner tossed the pizza box on the table and joined him.  “Anyway, the guy is apparently wanted in connection with a couple of other kidnappings as well as a murder, so we’ll see how it goes.  Personally, I think hanging is too good for her.”
“Hey, she’s still my cousin and I’m pretty sure the guy convinced her it was just a prank.”
“Whatever,” Joey snorted as Tanner slid out a slice of pizza.  “Tell me that’s not what you’re planning to feed me.  Isn’t there any other pizza left?”
“Nope…you pigs ate it all.  You could always grab a burger at the Burger Binge.”
“Wolf…not pig…I eat pig, so get your animals straight, and believe me, if the place weren’t already closed, I would,” he grimaced standing up and backing away from the table.  “Seriously, dude, how can you eat that stuff?  The smell alone is enough to wake the dead so it’s a pretty good bet that it’s going to wake up your aunt and uncle.”
“I doubt they’re asleep yet.  I told them I’d wait up for Tiff even though I know Grant’s on it, but you know parents.  Add in that Steph is across the street with her new mate, and I doubt they’ll ever get a good night’s rest again.”
“Especially with that smell…”
“C’mon dude, it’s only two days old,” Tanner said, grinning as he lifted a triangle from the box and waved it in Joey’s direction.  “Don’t knock it till you’ve tried it.”
“I don’t mind two-day old and cold pizza, but two-day old and cold anchovies…really…?” Joey snorted in disgust before reaching up over the kitchen sink and opening the window.  “They were bad enough when they were fresh, but now…no wonder it’s the only pizza left.”
“Just be glad that we ordered it over here or you’d have been smelling the leftovers in Rick’s house the past two nights.”
“Uh uh…I would have dumped it by now.  In fact, I wouldn’t have let it into the house in the first place.  Oh, and speaking of Rick and Steph,” Joey said in a loud voice as he turned his back to the window, “did you hear about what your aunt and uncle plan to do about your cousin Tiff?”
“I…um…what…?”
“I heard them in here earlier tonight before you got home from work and I’m pretty sure Tiff’s days are numbered.”
“Numbered…?  What are you talking about?”
“They said something about sending her to military school…and they weren’t joking.”
“Joey…”
“No, really…her dad said this was the last straw and…”
“Joey…that’s enough…”
“C’mon Tanner, we both know she deserves it…in fact, she deserves a lot worse than military school.  I think she’s actually getting off too easy…”
“Cut it out, Joey.”
Both turned as the back door opened.
“Tiff,” Tanner said, eyes widening in surprise, “how long…?”
“Sorry, kid,” Joey broke in grinning, “but I guess you’re out of luck.  I doubt they have cheerleaders there, but on a positive note, I’m sure you’ll look hot in your military drab uniform.”
“Tiff…don’t listen to him…he doesn’t…”
“It’s okay,” Tiffany whispered.  “He’s right…I deserve it.”
“Tiff…wait…” Tanner called as she turned and fled.
“She took it much better than I expected,” Joey shrugged.
“You dumbass,” Tanner snorted as he stood and chucked his half-eaten slice at his cousin.  “You knew she was there all along.”
“And you would have, too, if you hadn’t been eating something the cat dragged in and the wolf shouldn’t eat,” Joey said as he peeled the piece of pizza off the front of his shirt.  “She almost got Steph killed so excuse me for wanting to…Hey!  Where’re you going?”
“To undo the damage you just did,” Tanner threw over his shoulder.
“I have her,” a voice halted Tanner halfway down the back steps.
“I appreciate that, Grant, but somebody needs to actually talk to her.”
“I have her,” Grant repeated.
“I sure hope so,” Tanner muttered as he turned back towards the kitchen, “because those were a pair of the wildest and most desperate eyes I’ve ever seen.”

~**~

Sitting up in her tree for the second time that day—or rather the second time in two days as it was technically after midnight—Tiffany felt chilled all the way through even though the weather was reasonably warm.  Earlier, she’d finally felt calm enough to climb down and go home, but once she got there and overheard what Joey said she realized that she’d crossed a line she could never come back from.  Her parents had tolerated her antics up until then because it had all been harmless, but even their tolerance had its limits.  She’d almost gotten her twin killed.
Military school was actually a lot better than she deserved.  Prison time for being an accomplice in a kidnapping and attempted murder would probably be more fitting.
Not that any of it really mattered, when it came right down to it.  The only thing that did matter was that Tiffany’s selfishness had endangered her sister’s life and she’d most likely lost her forever.
What have I done?  What have I done?  What have I done?
The words kept repeating over and over in her head and she couldn’t focus on anything else until new words took their place.
I almost killed my sister…I almost killed my Stephanie…I almost killed my sister…I almost killed my Stephanie…
After an hour of continued litanies pounding through her brain, Tiffany was shivering non-stop.  A few times, she’d lost her grip on the tree trunk and almost tumbled off the limb, but somehow managed to catch herself at the last minute.
“You should come down from there before you fall.”
Startled by the unexpected sound, Tiffany jerked once more and lost her balance.  Falling backwards off the limb that had kept her safe for years, she didn’t even try to stop her abrupt descent.  Instead, she felt calm…at peace…letting it happen.
This is the right thing to do, she thought with total conviction, I deserve this...to die alone and unloved.
And then she hit solid rock…or something that felt suspiciously like it.  
For a moment, her mind and body went totally numb.
Then…
Am I dead?  Is this what it feels like?  
Followed by…
Pain!
After that, panic took over because something wasn’t quite right.
I…can’t…breathe…I…can’t…breathe…I…can’t…breathe…
The new litany echoing in her head kept time to her body spasms as her lungs tried over and over again to haul in air only to fail each time.  There was nothing to find.  Every bit of air had been sucked out of the atmosphere and Tiffany instinctively knew that she was about to die a slow and painful oxygen-deprived death.
I…deserve…it…I…deserve…it…I…deserve…it…
“Relax,” a calm voice suggested with a distinct English accent.  “Breathe in through your nose and out through your mouth.”
Easy for you to say….easy for you to say…
I’ve got to stop doing that…I’ve got to stop doing that…
“I am going to place you on the ground now and lift your knees in order to relax your abdomen…”
What do you mean place me on the ground?  I hit the ground, you idiot, or a rock, or something really really hard, and it was your voice that put me there.  How dare you scare me like that?  Just wait until my heaving stops and I’ll show you…
Oh wait…it stopped…hey…I can breathe!  Oxygen!
“Better,” the voice noted in approval.  “Relax and breathe…I have you.”
“Who…are…you…?”
“We will talk later…after you…”
“Who are you?” she repeated, able to move more air.
“My name is Grant.  We can talk after you have recovered from your accidental fall.”
“Accidental…?” Tiffany squeaked sitting up abruptly bringing her face to neck with the guy named Grant, the bottom of a beard tickling her forehead.  “You mean the fall that you caused.”
“You were cold and exhausted…a fall was inevitable,” he said as he straightened and stood up.  “I simply timed it so I would catch you.”
“You’re the rock I landed on?”
“Not a rock,” Grant corrected as he reached down to help her up, “just flesh and blood…as you are.”
Trying to avoid his eyes, Tiffany placed her small hand in his and allowed him to pull her to her feet.
“Obviously not.”
“How am I different?” he asked as he rubbed his thumb across the back of her hand.
“I totally had the wind knocked out of me while you…”
“While I…what?”
Standing in front of him, still resting her hand in his, for the first time in her life, Tiffany found herself at a loss for words.  Normally she’d have thrown out a pun about how hard he was—she’d never had any problem talking and even flirting with every guy she’d ever met—but for some reason the one in front of her was different.  Something about him made her feel…insecure…unsure of herself.  Because of that unfamiliar sensation, she couldn’t even look at him…all she could do was stare at the ground in front of her.
“Who are you?” she whispered.
“A friend.”
“Whose friend?”
“Yours.”
“My friend…?  I don’t have friends.”
“Then I am privileged to be the only one.”
“I…I…don’t know you…do I?”
“Look into my eyes, Tiffany.”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“It’s dark.”
“Not that dark.”
“I can’t.”
“Why not?”
“Because I’m…scared.”
“I understand.”
“You understand…?  How can you?  I don’t even understand.”
“The next time we meet, perhaps you will understand yourself a little better.”
“Next time…?”
“There will be a next time, but until then, there is something that you need to do if you do not wish to lose your sister forever.”
“My sister…?” Tiffany exclaimed, glancing up.
Realizing what she’d almost done, she quickly lowered her eyes before she saw something she couldn’t un-see.
“How do you know about my sister?”
“Do you love her?” Grant asked instead.
“I do,” Tiffany replied with a catch in her voice.
“Then you need to tell her that and beg for her forgiveness.”
“Joey said…”
“What did Joey say?”
“He said that my parents are going to send me to military school.”
“That might very well happen, but you will survive it.”
“I can’t…” she choked out.
“Why not?”
“Because I’ll die without her,” Tiffany whispered and then promptly burst into tears.
Pulling her into his arms, Grant stood there holding her while she cried as she hadn’t since kindergarten…that horrid first day when the twins had been pushed off the swings.  True to their personalities, Stephanie let them get away with it while Tiffany pushed back.  
That was the day Tiffany learned everybody liked her sister better than her…and had no trouble telling her so.  
Bursting into tears certainly hadn’t helped the situation because, the more she’d cried, the more her cruel peers had laughed at her.  Her loyal twin had yelled at the other children to leave her alone, but they wouldn’t stop and eventually Stephanie became a target as well.  
As young as she was, Tiffany had still managed to make the connection between showing weakness and receiving ridicule and that had started her on a course that had led to the moment she’d helped a maniac kidnap her sister.  Instead of admitting that she was scared of losing her twin—her champion against the world—Tiffany had refused to acknowledge her weakness and because of that, she’d almost lost the only person that mattered to her.
Pushing away from the warm and safe haven of the arms holding her, Tiffany stepped back, eyes on the ground in front of her, and sniffed one last time, waiting for her usual anger to put in an appearance…the anger she always felt at showing weakness in front of a stranger.
It was mysteriously absent.  Instead, she felt almost…accepted.
“Now,” Grant said in a brisk tone, “go home and wait for your twin.”
“Wait for her?  Where is she?  I thought Tanner said she…”
“She is safe, but she will, in all likelihood, not return home tonight.”
“How do you know this stuff?”
“I am a friend,” he said in a faint voice.
By the time Tiffany found the courage to look up, Grant was gone.
Although she realized she shouldn’t trust another stranger—not after what had almost happened to Stephanie—Tiffany somehow knew that Grant was different.  It wasn’t just because his touch had sent a warmth radiating throughout her whole body, and it certainly wasn’t his appearance as she’d barely risked a glance at him; it was because of his voice.  Tiffany could still hear that deep and soothing attractively accented voice so filled with kindness and sensitivity even though he was gone, and it made her yearn for something she couldn’t identify.
That was why she hadn’t been able to look at him…especially into his eyes.  In the short period of time that they had talked, she’d felt something special…a closeness…and she had been terrified that if their eyes met, she’d see what he really thought of her.  Eyes never lied and he obviously knew what she’d been up to.  There was no way a guy that warm and caring would approve of her actions.  
The thought of seeing the disappointment in his eyes at what an awful person she was had been too much for her to bear so she had simply avoided them.
“But I can change,” she said aloud in a determined voice.  “And I will…even if I have to put up with military school for a year…even if I can’t see Steph until next summer…or ever again.  I’ll survive it…I’ll survive it all…I will…and I’ll do better…I’ll be better…”
With that, she began the long jog home to wait for her twin to return so she could beg her forgiveness.
“Good for you, Tiffany,” a quiet voice murmured from the bushes.  “Good for you.” 

~**~

“You read the younger twin incorrectly, Grant, just as you did the Carrington boy.”
“Both were conflicted and you know as well as I do that conflict makes interpretation difficult.  I warned you long ago that I am not infallible, Blake.”
“I can see how the boy’s situation could cause such a disruption, but from what I’ve heard of the girl, that is not the case.”
“Tiffany is…misunderstood.”
“She had her sister kidnapped.”
“Admittedly, poor judgment on her part.”
“As Mike would say…duh…”
Grant had to chuckle in spite of himself, “One of these days I must meet this Mike.  He sounds an interesting character.”
“I find nothing about this situation amusing.”
“Although she has much growing up to do, I believe Tiffany has a good heart and has made excellent progress in the short time that I have come to know her.  She has made mistakes and will likely make more, but she is on the correct path now.”
“How can you be certain?”
“She reminds me of someone I once knew.”
“You never had anyone kidnapped.”
“True, but only because I was not that creative.  What I did was no better and, unlike Tiffany, I did not immediately learn from my mistakes.”
“You’re actually fond of the girl,” Blake noted in surprise.  “I didn’t see that coming.”
“Unlike most of the Pack, I am quite capable of concealing my emotions from you.  Comes with age.”
“Speaking of age…there is a great physical age difference between you and the girl even discounting the years that have passed since your birth.  Her father will not be pleased with this situation.  As a matter of fact, I am not pleased with this situation.”
“All irrelevant…I am not in search of another mate.”
“Are you definitively stating that the girl is not a possibility for you?”
“Tiffany is not mentally, emotionally, or physically ready to face the commitment or responsibilities of a lifetime partner.  Many years will pass before she is mature enough for a true relationship.”
“You did not answer my question.”
“I know,” Grant replied and hung up.

Friday, June  8th

Chapter 32

Rick awoke to someone shaking him.
“Wake up, Rick,” a voice pleaded, “please wake up…”
“Stephanie…?” he asked groggily, blinking a few times to clear his bleary eyes.
“Oh, thank goodness,” she breathed.  “You wouldn’t wake up and I thought you were in some sort of coma.  I didn’t know what to do so I was about to call 911…the real one this time.  Are you okay?”
“I’m fine,” he said rubbing his eyes against the brightness in the room, “just tired.”
“I’m so relieved.”
As the events of the previous night returned to him, he bolted upright on the bed.
“Never mind me…what about you?  How are you feeling?”
“Honestly…?  Confused…really really confused…”
“I can understand that and…”
“What’s happening to me?”
“It’s not just happening to you, my love, it’s happening to both of us.”
“I thought I’d die from the pain, it was so awful, but then it went from me to you and I have no idea how that happened or what’s going on.”
“I know, sweetheart,” Rick said taking her in his arms.  “I promise you, there is an explanation for all of this.  If you’ll just give me a minute to…”
“You omitted reasonable.”
“What?” Rick asked pulling back so he could see her face.
“Most people stick ‘reasonable’ into that statement, there is a reasonable explanation for all of this,” she pointed out, “but you didn’t.  Is that significant?”
“Leave it to my Stephanie to catch an omission like that,” Rick grinned.  “That’s one of the things I love about you.”
“So the explanation isn’t reasonable…?”
“Didn’t you hear what I just…?”
“Stop trying to distract me by telling me something I already know,” Stephanie ordered crossly.  “I’m not in the mood.  Is there a reasonable explanation or not?”
“Some people might not see it as reasonable,” Rick hedged.
“Okay, good…now that we’ve established something unreasonable is going on, just give it to me straight.  What did that nightmare mean?”
“I’m sorry you had to go through…”
“Rick!”
“It means that you were made for me,” Rick blurted out.
“Made for you…?” Stephanie repeated slowly.  “What do you mean by made for you?” 
“That we’re soul mates…that you are my anchor and that we belong together,” Rick said clearing his throat before adding, “for the rest of our lives.”
“Like together together…?” Stephanie repeated.  “Like for richer or poorer in sickness and in health till death do us part type of together?”
“Yes, my Stephanie, that type of together,” Rick said cupping her face with his hands.  “I would truly love to make you my wife, but first there are some things I need to tell you, and I’m not sure how you’re going to react.”
“And here comes the unreasonable part…” Stephanie murmured, licking her dry lips nervously.  “Go ahead, I’m ready.”
“I’d rather kiss those gorgeous pink lips you’re licking,” Rick teased.  “That’s very distracting, you know.”
“Why were you naked?  Does that have anything to do with my pain?”
“You weren’t exaggerating when you said distractions don’t work with you,” Rick sighed.  “Yes, that’s part of it.”
“And the part that I thought I must have hallucinated because I was petrified with fear…it wasn’t a hallucination, was it?”
“What did you see?”
“I saw a huge grey wolf climb into the front seat of the car and then there was a lot of awful sounds like bones breaking and for some reason it made me want to cry and then you were there and the wolf was gone and you didn’t have any clothes on—not that I’m complaining about that because you’re like the most perfect guy ever—but I’m not sure what happened in between because I was so scared I closed my eyes.”
“What do you think happened?” Rick prompted in a gentle voice.
“I know this is going to sound silly, but it looked like…”
“Looked like what, my Stephanie?”
“It looked like the wolf turned into you,” she whispered.
“How would that make you feel?  If you found out that what you thought you saw was actually real?”
“Well, to be perfectly honest, I’d feel kind of relieved.”
“Relieved…why?”
“Because that would mean that Dee wasn’t crazy all of these years and I…”
“And you…what?”
“And that would mean that I wasn’t crazy either,” she finished in a soft voice.
“Why would you think you were crazy?”
“Because, despite what everybody else thought about Dee’s story, I believed her.”
“Did you tell her that?”
“Once…right before she and Brit went off to college.  I was young and not very brave, but I couldn’t let her go off like that…believing that everybody thought she’d lost it.”
“How did she react?
“She hugged me with huge tears in her eyes and then she made me promise not to tell anyone because they would think that I was crazy, too.”
“Poor Deana…even her best friend left her hanging out to dry.  She must have felt all alone.  I’m glad you found the courage to show her your support.”
“So am…hey…wait a minute…how did you know Dee’s real name?  And all that stuff about Brit…?  And why aren’t you asking me all sorts of questions about Dee, like who she is and why people thought she was crazy…?”
“I don’t have to ask you because I already know.”
“You know…?”
“I know.”
“But how…?”
“Can’t you guess, my Stephanie?” 
“Because…because…you really are one, too?”
“I am.”
“And you know the kid she saw?”
“I do.”
“Um…does…does that mean that I’m going to turn into a werewolf now?”
“No, my darling, you’re my anchor…my human anchor.”
“I don’t understand.”
“It’s a long story, but to reassure you, wolves can only be males.”
“And females can only be anchors?”
“Exactly…and the main goal of our lives as wolves is to find our female anchors…the one that completes us and keeps our wolf side from dominating our human side ever again.”
“So you were looking for me?”
“Ever since I was old enough to understand what it all meant.”
“When we met, did you know right away?”
“I was drawn to you the very first time I heard your voice,” Rick told her.  “Something in me responded even though I had no idea what you looked like at that point.  I tried to remind myself that you were too young for me, but it didn’t help.”
“But you did see me,” Stephanie protested.  “I’d just come out of the kitchen and…”
“Before that…”
“Could you hear me through the door?”
“Before that…”
“I don’t understand…there was no ‘before that’.”
“The night we met…the night of your dad’s birthday party…that wasn’t the first time I’d heard your voice,” Rick admitted.  “Earlier that day, right before your sister brought over the delicious cake that you’d baked, your bedroom window was open.”
“What does my bedroom window being open have to do with anything?”
“I…well…I couldn’t help but overhear your conversation through the opening.”
“How is that possible?  I mean, you were across the street in your garage.”
“I have better than average hearing,” he admitted.
“Like in those books Brit used to leave lying around…?  The ones Dee always made her read…?”
“What books…?”
“All about werewolves and shapeshifters and…”
“You read that junk?”
“Do you even know me?” Stephanie teased.  “The girl that never met a book she didn’t like…?  If there was a book hidden anywhere in the house, I’d find it and devour it.”
“Even werewolf books…?” Rick shuddered.
“They were actually quite educational.”
“Really…?”
“Yes, really…because there were a lot of things the books apparently got right.”
“Like what?”
“Like extra sensitive hearing…you just admitted that’s true.”
“Okay, I’ll give you that one.”
“Oh, there’s more…a lot more.”
“Such as…?”
“There is the obvious one.”
“Do enlighten me.”
“The fact that shapeshifters exist at all…they were right about that.”
“But those books are fiction, so basically they’re saying that shapeshifters are fictional characters.”
“That doesn’t follow.  Humans are in fictional books, but that doesn’t make humans fictional.”
“Fine, I’ll give you that one, too.”
“Two for two,” Stephanie nodded in satisfaction, “and going for three…wait a minute…that’s how you knew about Tommy, isn’t it.  Nobody told you…you heard us talking about him.”
“I beg to differ…technically someone did tell me…you told me,” he pointed out with a grin.  “Just because you didn’t know you were doing it at the time, doesn’t make it any less true.”
“That’s a huge stretch.”
“You know…you’re taking this whole thing a lot better than I expected.”
“Well, on the one hand I’m rather numb from the shock of everything that happened yesterday…or at least I think it was yesterday…”
At his nod she continued, “On the other hand, I’ve been a believer for a long time.”
“So you never doubted Dee?”
“Dee doesn’t lie, and I knew she wasn’t crazy, so it had to be true.”
“Which one do you think your sister thought she was…lying or crazy?”
“I don’t think Brit ever thought about the choices…she doesn’t analyze things that deeply.”
“Another thing I love about you.”
“Some people tell me I over-think everything.”
“By some people, I assume you are referring to your twin…?”
“I guess…but she’s not the only one.  You’re the first guy I’ve ever gone out with that doesn’t mind that I’m a boring bookworm…”
“You are the most exciting woman I’ve ever met,” Rick said and, noting Stephanie’s skeptical expression, added, “and I’m not just saying that.  I’ve never made it past the first date with any girl because they all bored me silly.”
“So you’re saying that you love me for my mind…?”
“You engage my mind, which I do enjoy, but you also engage my other body parts,” he said chuckling at the blush coloring her cheeks.  “You are everything I want in a woman and everything I’ll ever need, my Stephanie.” 
“You really do mean that,” she said in wonder.
“I really do.  Now, there are a couple of things you need to know and then you’ll have a decision to make.”
“What decision?”
“Whether or not you will accept me as your mate.”
“But I thought…wasn’t that what last night was all about?”
“Last night was about total acceptance of your love for me…that is why you now bear my marks over your heart.”
“Marks…?” Stephanie’s eyes widened as her hand disappeared under her shirt and found the marks on her left breast.  “I have claw marks!  Did you do that?”
“I didn’t make the marks, but they are mine.”
“I don’t understand.”
“In order to explain, we’ll have to go back to the time of William the Conqueror…?”
“History…?  I love history!”
“My version is going to differ slightly from what you’ve learned about in school.”
“I’m good with that.  Go for it.”
“Maybe we could eat breakfast first,” Rick suggested, grinning at the sound of his stomach growling.  “All of that pain takes a lot out of a man.”
“Great…I’ll cook and you talk.”
“Who could turn down an offer like that?”

~**~

“So,” Stephanie said as she wiped her mouth with a napkin and leaned back in her chair, “basically what you’re saying is that I can still reject you if I want to, even though we’ve been through that whole I-love-you-but-you’re-a-pain-in-the-breast kind of thing, and then life would go back to the way it was before.”
“Yes.”
“Can I answer now or do I have to wait a while…you know…like a cooling off period…?”
“You can answer now if you’re one-hundred percent sure, but it’s usually a good idea to give it some time and think about it.  It’s a life-time commitment and shouldn’t be taken lightly.”
“Is there a ceremony or some weird ritual we have to perform like chanting or biting each other…?”
“All you have to do is say the words.”
“Well that sounds easy enough.”
“It can be.”
“Oh my gosh, you look nervous,” Stephanie said in surprise.  “You do know what I’m going to say, don’t you?”
“Not for sure,” he admitted.  “I’ve never done this before, and with all of the things that have happened to you…”
“Rick,” Stephanie reproached, “you know how I feel about you…that I want to be your mate…right?”
At those words, so innocently spoken, Rick felt his slightly askew world finally straighten.  The part of him that had always felt empty…filled, and he knew an inner peace that he’d never before experienced.
Gazing into the eyes of the girl across the table from him, he could see the same wonder in her eyes.  It was as if they had both just awakened from a long sleep.  Everything seemed clearer and brighter than it had only moments earlier.
Without speaking another word, two souls irrevocably intertwined and became one.

Chapter 33

“Steph, can…can we talk?  Alone…?”
“I…” Stephanie began.
“Don’t you think you’ve done enough damage?” Rick broke in.
“Please…” Tiffany whispered.
Stephanie had never seen her twin looking so pallid…so sickly…so lost…and all of the anger she’d felt at discovering how her sister had betrayed her melted away at the sight.
“Of course we can…”
“No!” Rick exploded, stepping in front of Stephanie while at the same time, glaring at her twin.
“Rick,” Stephanie admonished turning him towards her and placing a hand over his heart, “I need to do this.”
“I’m not leaving you alone with her.”
“We’ll just be in our bedroom…you can stand in the hallway outside the door.”
“Are you saying…?”
“Yes, I am,” Stephanie reassured him.  “Right outside the door…”
“Okay, but if…”
“I understand,” Stephanie said reaching up to kiss his check and whisper, “Please don’t come in until I say so.”
At his slight nod, Stephanie stepped away from him and turned to Tiffany.
“Let’s talk.”
Single file, the trio silently ascended to the top floor landing.  Stephanie turned to squeeze Rick’s hand and shoot him a grateful smile before following her sister into their bedroom.  She could almost physically feel the panic in his eyes, but he seemed to calm at her touch.
As soon as the door shut behind them, Tiffany hurled herself into Stephanie’s arms.
“I’m…so…sorry,” Tiffany sobbed, burying her face in her twin’s neck.  “You know…I…you…know…I’d never…I wouldn’t…you know…”
“I know,” Stephanie crooned as her arms encircled the hysterical girl.  “I know you’d never intentionally hurt me.”
“I…couldn’t…” she hiccupped.  “You know that…right…?  It would be…like hurting…myself…”
“It’s okay, Tiff, I’m not injured and everything turned out fine.”
“No,” Tiffany protested as she pulled away sniffling, “it’s not…okay…”
Taking in Tiffany’s tear-stained and makeup-less eyes, Stephanie’s heart broke into a thousand pieces and her lower lip began to quiver.  During their almost eighteen years together, Stephanie had seen Tiffany display just about every emotion possible, but never had she seen Tiffany so torn up…so…broken.
“If I’d lost you…” Tiffany began before stopping to take some deep calming breaths.  “If I’d lost you, I would have lost the only person that cares about me…the only person I’ve ever truly loved.”
“That’s not…”
“Don’t,” Tiffany broke in.  “You know it’s true.  Other people only tolerate me, but you…”
Holding up a hand to halt Stephanie’s protest, Tiffany took a few more deep cleansing breaths before continuing.
“No matter what horrible things I said or did—and there were a lot of them—you were always there for me because you love me and I…I…I repaid that love by telling a kidnapper the best way to grab you.”
“You didn’t know…”
“Stop making excuses for me!”
“I’m not…”
“Yes, you are…you always do…and it’s wrong…and I’m wrong for expecting it all these years…and I’m so stupid and I swear I’ll never do anything like that again if you’ll just let me call you or maybe even see you sometimes…”
“What are you talking about?  See me sometimes…?  What in the world…?”
“Mom and Dad are sending me to military school,” Tiffany burst out before bursting into tears once more.
“They what…?  That can’t be true.  Did they actually tell you that?”
“It’s…okay…I…deserve…it…” she said between hiccups.
“Tiff,” Stephanie began in a gentle tone, “our parents are not sending you to military school.”
“But Joey said…”
“Joey…?  Seriously…?  You’re going to believe something Joey said?”
“But Tanner…”
“Tanner said it, too?” Stephanie asked in surprise.
“Well…no…actually…”
“Joey probably knew you were listening and decided to tease you.”
“The kitchen window was open…”
“See there…he saw or heard you coming and thought he’d play a joke on you.”
“Well, he’s not funny.”
“No, he’s not,” Stephanie agreed and ironically, both girls burst out laughing, although Tiffany’s was more of a sob than a laugh.
After a few minutes, the girls sobered and just stood looking into each other’s eyes.
“Steph,” Tiffany began, taking both of her sister’s hands in her own, “I know you shouldn’t forgive me, but…”
“Stop that…of course I forgive you.”
“I swear you won’t regret it,” Tiffany said squeezing Stephanie’s hands affectionately.  “I’m going to be the best Burger Binge employee ever and Sam’s going to wonder how she ever got along without me, and I’ll quit cheerleading, and…”
“Quit cheerleading…?  But you love cheerleading!”
“I love the wrong things about cheerleading,” she admitted.  “I love the outfits and the attention and…and…”
“And the stunts and the tumbling,” Stephanie reminded her.  “Tiff, you don’t have to give up everything you love just to prove you’ve changed.”
“Oh Steph,” Tiffany whispered with tears in her eyes, “help me.  I don’t know how to do this.  What if I can’t be a nice person?”
“I don’t believe that…not for a second.  We’ll do this like we’ve always done everything…together.”
“What about Rick?  He hates me.”
“Probably,” Stephanie conceded, “but together we can change his mind.”
“Are you sure?”
“I suppose that depends on how determined you are because there is something I need to tell you that you aren’t going to like.”
“You’re getting married,” Tiffany said in a dead tone.
“How did you…?”
“It’s pretty obvious that’s where all of this is headed.”
“Do you think you can find it in your heart to be happy for me?”
“Are you happy?”
“I am.”
“And you’re sure he’s the one?”
“One-hundred percent sure.”
“Is it okay if I’m sad for me while I’m trying to be happy for you?”
“Everything in life mixes a bit of sad into the happy,” Stephanie assured her.  “Once I get married, things will never be exactly the same again, and that will make me a little sad, too.”
“You won’t forget about me…?”
“Never…sisters forever,” Stephanie said pulling her into a hug.  “Now, my maid of honor, let’s go give my future groom the good news.”
“Maid of honor…?  Really…?  Oh…I don’t think your future groom is going to consider that good news.”
“You know, you both have some common ground, so I think we should start there and build on it.”
“What common ground?”
“Well, both of you feel possessive of me, but at the same time, both of you love me so much you want what’s best for me.”
“True that.”
“So, both of you get to practice pretending to like each other in order to make me deliriously happy.”
“Oh goody,” Rick muttered from the hallway.
“I heard that,” Tiffany called.  “You’re no walk in the park, you know.”
“See…one big happy family,” Stephanie teased as she moved to open the bedroom door.
“Just don’t ask us to hug,” Tiffany shuddered.
“I’ll second that,” Rick said as the door swung open.
“That’s another thing you two have in common,” Stephanie pointed out triumphantly as she moved into the hallway.  “See…you two will be best buds in no time.”
“Don’t count on it,” both mumbled then promptly glared at each other.
Stephanie’s delighted peal of laughter filled the house as the two reluctantly trailed after her.

Dumfries, Scotland

“What news, Vincent?”
“We have multiple wolf sightings,” Vincent replied shaking out his umbrella and placing it in the stand next to the huge double doors before shedding his overcoat and hanging it on the coat rack.
“Excellent…names?”
“Two names for certain and one possibility,” Vincent replied as he moved through the great hall towards the warmth of the kitchen, “although I would not rely on the one possibility as the older sister incapacitated the kidnapper without anyone’s assistance.”
“Each of the twins have a protector?”
“The kidnappers only attempted to kidnap one of the twins and two wolves came to her aid.”
“Why did the hirelings disobey orders and not attempt to kidnap the twin sister?”
“No one seems to care about that twin enough to provide protection.  She appears to roam freely about with little to no supervision while the other twin has multiple bodyguards.” 
“Fair enough,” Milord conceded.  “Find every family connection to the two wolves involved.  That will be sufficient for now.”
“We already have the information required on one of the wolves as his appearance merely confirmed what we already suspected.”
“Which is…?”
“Joey Reinhart has given us proof positive that the girls’ cousins—surname also Reinhart—are wolves.”
“And the other…?”
“The other confirms a connection we have suspected for a while.  He is nephew to the psychiatrist’s wife.”
“So, even if the psychiatrist is not a wolf, his wife is almost certainly of the bloodline.  We will be able to use that to our advantage in the near future.  For now, allow your young prisoner to call her friend…with a great show of reluctance, of course.  It is time she discovered just how untrustworthy her friends truly are.”

Glendale, California

“We missed our classes today.”
“The teachers will understand once I explain it to them.  Everyone on campus will have heard about the ruckus in the parking lot by the end of today, even if no one knows all of the details.”
“I’m just glad Tanner and Sam were already gone when we got to the house earlier.  I’m not a very good liar.”
“You don’t have to lie to them.”
“You mean I can tell Sam about you…?  About us…?”
“Not everything, but you can talk about the kidnapping.”
“That’s lying by omission.  How am I supposed to come up with a good reason why I was kidnapped if I can’t tell her about wolves?”
“Don’t worry, Tanner will give her a suitably edited version.”
“How would Tanner know what to tell her?”
“Did I forget to mention that Tanner is a member of the Pack…?”
“Tanner is a wolf…?  Oh my gosh, you’ve got to be joking.  I’ve known Tanner all my life…”
“Tanner and his dad and brothers are all wolves.”
“But…but…Brit used to beat up on them because they were foul-mouthed jerks and she and Sam used to wrestle with them and now you’re telling me…”
“Don’t worry, the Alpha wouldn’t have let them hurt her.”
“Not even by accident?  Because there was that one time that Spence knocked heads with Sam and she hit the corner of an end table and had to get stitches just behind her ear.”
“That’s something that could have happened with fully human male cousins.  I’m talking about emotions getting totally out of hand resulting in one of your cousins using abnormal strength or possibly even an unscheduled wolf appearance if one of them got angry.”
“You mean, that could have happened?” Stephanie asked wide-eyed.
“What I’m trying to say is that if we didn’t have an Alpha sensing our major mood swings, a lot of things like that could happen, but he keeps us all in check.”
“Sounds like a full-time job.”
“We’re pretty even tempered most of the time.  It’s one of the first things we learn growing up…how to chill when things start getting rough.  When we can’t, we 9-1-1 Blake, but usually he’s already felt it and sends us what Liam calls ‘warm fuzzies’.”
“Liam…?”
“He’s one of Blake’s Betas.”
“Does the Alpha control everything you say?”
“He doesn’t control us—not really—although if we try to tell someone about wolves when they don’t already know or have no reason to know, he’s given a standing Alpha command that stops us…which you are now also subject to, by the way.”
“What would happen if I try to tell Tiff?”
“You’re throat would close up and you would pass out.”
“You’re kidding me, right?”
“No, I’m not.”
“I can’t tell Tiff the truth, but the Alpha lets Joey lie to her about Mom and Dad sending her to military camp…?  That is, assuming that Joey is one, too.”
“Smart and beautiful…”
“Yeah yeah yeah…distractions don’t work…remember…?”
“We’ll see about that once we’re married.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean that I’ll have other means of distracting you then.”
“Oh,” Stephanie said turning pink.
“See…it’s already working.”
“Only temporarily…is Joey one, too?”
“He’s the other wolf that helped rescue you,” Rick admitted with a sigh of resignation.  “He watched over you while I was in class.”
“This whole thing is a lot to take in.”
“It is,” Rick agreed.  “So how is it your evil twin let you leave the house without her, anyway?”
“After you left to come back over here, Mom and Dad got home from work and said they were going to drive her down to the police station to give a statement and identify my attacker as the one that she…well…you know…”
“So the police will be pressing charges after all?”
“Were they not planning to?  They can’t let him off…he might try it again!”
“Joey called and told me that the detective in charge of the case, a Pack member, was waiting to see about some other outstanding warrants in order to keep Tiff clear of it since she could be considered an accomplice.”
“They won’t jail her, will they?” Stephanie asked in alarm.
“No, we won’t let that happen,” Rick said pulling her close.  “So, how are your parents doing?”
“Well, they apparently went to work this morning, so I think they’re okay.  Although, come to think of it, they probably had no choice because subs for summer school are hard to find on such short notice.”
“When your parents return from the station, we need to talk to them about us…preferably out of Tiff’s eavesdropping range.  I’m thinking we should invite them over here.”
“Dad is so going to kill you.  I tried to tell him that nothing happened between us last night, but he and Mom just hugged me and said we’d talk about it later.  They were both so relieved that I was alright and distracted by the police thing that I guess the fact that I’m a scarlet woman hasn’t had time to sink in yet.”
“You’re not a scarlet woman,” Rick murmured against her forehead, “You’re my woman.”
Pulling back to look Rick in the eyes, she suggested, “Maybe we should wait a while before we tell him we’re getting married.”
“Sweetheart, I realize you’re only seventeen, but I think we should get married sooner rather than later.  I don’t feel comfortable with you out of my sight for very long with all that’s happened.  I promise I won’t pressure you into doing anything you aren’t ready for because your happiness and safety are the only things that matter to me.”
“I’ll be eighteen in a few short months…”
“I’m willing to wait, if that’s what you really want, but with everything that’s going on, I’m just not sure that’s such a good idea.”
“My dad is not going to let me get married at seventeen.”
“He won’t be happy about it, but…”
“Understatement of the century.”
“But he will understand.”
“So I guess we can’t tell my parents about you, either.”
“Oh, uh…well…that’s something we should probably talk about…”
“What do you mean we should probably talk about it?  Can we tell them?”
“Actually, there is no need.”
“Okay, you had best not be telling me that my parents already know about wolves or…oh my gosh!  They do…don’t they?  How long have they known?  And why the heck didn’t they tell me?”
“I think I’ll let your dad take that one.”
“He better have a darn good explanation for not telling me or I’m going to go all Sam/Brit on his hide.”
“My sweet little Stephanie with hidden Macintosh fire.”
“Yeah, well, it’s not going to stay hidden for long.”
“Your poor father…he’s certainly having a rough summer.”
“And it’s about to get a whole lot rougher.”

Dumfries, Scotland

“Please let me tell them where I am,” Deana pleaded.
“Are you certain these people are your friends?”
“I’ve known Brit all my life.”
“Can one ever truly know another person?”
“I can…I know Brit…she’s my best friend.”
“And yet, she has been keeping a secret from you…one that had the power to change your life.”
“A secret…?  What secret?”
“Did you not once wonder what changed Richard Carrington’s mind about torturing your friend in order to ensure your cooperation?”
“I…I just assumed he was bluffing.”
“He was not bluffing, my dear…he saw something that frightened him.”
“What?” Deana whispered.
“He discovered claw marks over your friend’s heart.”
“Brit has claw marks…?  Was she attacked by a wild animal?”
“No, the claw marks indicate that she is mated to one of those wolves that you know exist, but have been unable to prove to the world.”
“No…she can’t be…she would have told me…besides, she and Jay are…”
“That would be your friend Jedediah Pearson?”
“You know about Jay?”
“I know about all of your friends.  The man I worked for thoroughly investigated each and every one of you.”
“Why?  Why would he do that?”
“Because he has a duty to find and destroy as many of the beasts as possible.”
“But…but…the one I saw was just a little boy and wouldn’t harm a fly.”
“When he was in human form, that might be true…but once transformed into a wolf, none of the creatures can control themselves.”
“Your employer wasn’t any better,” Deana pointed out.  “He planned to kill me and may have already killed…already…”
“We do not know for certain that your friend is dead, but as I pointed out to you earlier, I doubt that you could consider any of those people your friends.  After all, they were protecting the identity of the wolves.”
“I don’t believe you…if they had known, they would have told me.”
“Are you certain of that?”
“They would’ve told me,” Deana insisted.  “Brit knows what I went through…and besides, she never believed me…”
“Your friend is mated to a wolf and you expect her to choose you over her mate?”
“But she and Jay…”
“As I attempted to explain earlier, Jedediah Pearson is one of the wolves.”
“No!  No way I’ll believe that.  He loves me and he believes me and he would have told me…”
“Call your friend Brittany and ask her.”
“I…I don’t have a phone.”
“You may borrow mine.”
“Will you tell me where we are so I can let them know?”
“After you have ascertained the truth, if you still believe they are your friends, I shall impart that knowledge to you.”
“You promise…?”
“You have my word.”
With shaking hands, Deana punched in the number she’d had memorized for years and waited for her best friend to answer.
“Hello…?” the familiar voice on the other end answered in an uncertain tone.
“Brit…?”
“Dee!  Oh my gosh!  Are you okay?  Where are you?  We’ve been so…”
“Is Jay a wolf?” Deana interrupted.
“How did you…?” Brit began in surprise before she could stop herself.
“So it’s true…you knew…you knew and never said a word.  I didn’t want to believe Vinnie, but…”
“Dee…it’s not that simple…let me explain…”
“Explain what…?  How my best friend lied to my face while the whole world called me crazy…?  While a psychiatrist tried to brainwash me into thinking I’d been hallucinating even as a voice inside my head kept insisting that it was real…?  While kids whispered behind my back and pointed and laughed at the girl who thought she’d seen a shapeshifter…?  While I doubted my own sanity so often that I thought about killing myself just to end the pain…?”
“Dee…no…” Brit whispered, horrified at what she’d done to the girl who had been more so much more to her than just her best friend.  “I had no idea…”
“What did you think, Brit?  Did you just assume that it all rolled off my back?  That none of it bothered me?  And you know what the worst part of it was?  I thought that my best friend…the one person in the whole wide world that I expected to take my side…never believed me, and I was strangely okay with that.  But now I find out that you’ve known all along…that you were…that you…I don’t even know who you are anymore and I don’t want to know.  You can just go to hell and take all of your wolf friends with you.  I hate you, Brit.  I hate you more than I ever thought possible to hate anyone for what you’ve done to me.”
“Please, Dee…”
“I’m done with you…just…just…leave me alone…”
Vincent caught the phone as it slipped from the heartbroken girl’s fingers and ended the call for her.  Sobs filled the room as he put an arm around her waist and led her back to the bed, tucking the blankets in around her.  Vincent could feel the floor vibrate from the tremors that wracked her body, shaking the bed, and his heart broke for her.
Careful to compartmentalize his emotions, Vincent knew he couldn’t hide everything from his master, but he could not allow the monster to sense how strongly he was affected by the diminutive young lady that had wormed her way into his heart.  She alone was innocent of the whole affair—a victim of circumstances—and he had to find a way to save her.  Deana deserved the chance at a normal life and if it was within his power to do that for her, he would…no matter the cost.

Ranch Outside of Wolfe Butte, Montana

Brit was sitting on her bed staring into space when Minsk walked into the room without knocking.
“Miss Macintosh, may I have your phone, please?”
Receiving no response, Minsk reached down and pried the phone from the dazed girl’s hand.
“See what you can do for her, my love,” he murmured in his wife’s ear as he passed her on his way out of the room.
“Brit,” Dawn offered in a soft tone, sitting next to her on the bed, “talk to me, Brit.”
The only response was a single tear escaping from one eye and trickling down one of the immobile cheeks of the statue-like figure.
“Oh Brit, sweetheart, she didn’t mean it.  She is hurt and confused and will need some time to come around, that’s all.”
“She hates me,” Brit whispered, “and I don’t blame her…I hate myself.”
“You did nothing wrong.”
“I did everything wrong!  Why didn’t I believe her?  I mean, even my logical levelheaded sister Steph believed her, but I knew better…except I didn’t.  It’s like, I knew she wasn’t crazy or a liar, you know…?  But then Jay told me those were the only choices and I never realized that or else I would have…”
“I understand what you’re going through, but we have to stay focused on the positive right now.  It’s very important to…”
“Positive…?  How could anything be positive about my best friend hating me?”
“She’s alive, Brit, Deana is alive and, while I hate to bring this up, Jay is not doing very well right now and needs you to pull yourself together.”
“Jay…?  What’s wrong?  Is he hurt?  Wouldn’t I have felt that?”
“Physically he’s fine, but he’s feeling everything that you’re feeling without knowing what’s causing your distress so if you could just clear your head for a moment you’d be able to sense his…”
“Oh my gosh!  I didn’t think about that.  I’m such an idiot.  Where’s my phone?”
“My husband is trying to trace the call from Deana.  He’ll return it to you as soon as possible.”
“I can’t believe I’m doing this to Jay.  He doesn’t need my freak-outs on top of everything else.”
“Beating yourself up over it will only make him feel worse, sweetie.  Please try to find a calm place so you can send him reassurance.”
“Right…okay…I promised him I would try and I will…I can do this…”
Closing her eyes and taking some deep breaths, Brit began silently repeating ‘I love you…everything’s fine’ over and over until she actually believed it and could feel Jay’s answering emotion.  It was almost as if she could hear the actual words mimicked back to her.
As she opened her eyes, she could have sworn she heard him add, “Call me.”
“I will,” Brit vowed smiling.
“You will…what?” Dawn asked.
“Oh, nothing…just my imagination working overtime.  Will I be able to call Jay once the doc is finished with my phone?”
“I don’t see any reason why you couldn’t.”
“And can I tell him about…you know…the other phone call?”
“Don’t worry, by the time you call him, I’m fairly certain he’ll already know.”

~**~

“What is happening with Miss Macintosh?” Blake demanded as soon as Minsk answered his cell.
“I assume that Jay is not taking his mate’s condition well,” Minsk said with a sigh.
“That is an understatement,” Blake growled.  “Why isn’t she answering his phone calls?”
“I am currently in possession of her phone and am attempting to back trace a call utilizing Mike’s equipment.”
“A call…?  From the kidnapped girl…?”
“Yes, please inform Jay and let him know that I will return his mate’s phone once I am done…that should calm him.”
“Why is Miss Macintosh in the throes of despair?”
“Apparently, Deana has now been apprised of her best friend’s knowledge of the Pack, no doubt by a member of the Society.”
“Which means she also knows about Jay and no longer trusts either of them.”
“Indeed,” Minsk acknowledged.  “In fact, it is entirely possible that she is not being held against her will at this point…that she is a willing participant.”
“That would be unfortunate.”
“Another understatement.  Have you made any progress in your search for her?”
“None…keep me informed.”
“As always,” Minsk agreed even though he knew the Alpha had already ended the call.

~**~

“Were you able to figure out where she is?” Brit asked as soon as Minsk entered the room.
“Unfortunately, no,” he admitted as he handed back her cell.
“We have to find her, Doc…I have to explain…”
“I understand your urgency, but we have no leads at the moment.”
“Can I call Jay now?”
“Certainly,” Minsk nodded as he reached out to help his wife off the bed.  “We will grant you some privacy.”
Brit barely acknowledged them as she eagerly punched a number on her keypad.
“Jay…?  I am so so sorry…”
Shutting the door behind him, consciously blocking the phone conversation from his mind, Minsk turned to his wife and held his index finger in front of his lips before indicating that she should follow him.
Quietly peering into Freddie’s room, the two watched as the young man thrashed about on the bed, obviously in the throes of some nightmare.
“Do we wake him before he causes more injury?” Dawn whispered.
“Not yet…I believe the young man’s nightmare to have paranormal implications.  Do you see his eyes?”
“They’re open!” she exclaimed in surprise.
“And his lips are moving.”
“He is speaking with someone.”
“So it would seem.  It is possible he is simply experiencing a normal type of nightmare, but…”
“You don’t believe that to be the case,” she finished for him.  “What should we do?”
“I shall stay and attempt to decipher as much of the conversation as I am able.”
“Should I relieve you in a few hours?”
“Your ears will not be sensitive enough to hear anything.  I am not certain mine will either, but I must try.  He has not been as forthcoming as I would like and a bit of leverage might be helpful in revealing the secrets he is consciously or subconsciously guarding.”
“I could stay with you.”
“Get some sleep.  Miss Macintosh may need you later.  I can hear her from this room and will let you know if anything untoward happens.”
“Oh, about that…I believe she and her mate have begun verbal communication.”
“I am beginning to think that may well be a good thing…for all of us.”
“Won’t get any arguments from me.”

~**~

“Frederick…I am here.”
“You left me alone…with him,” Freddie said in an accusing tone.  “Where were you?”
“I apologize for my absence, my dear sweet boy, but it was unavoidable.”
“Why did you abandon me when I needed you most?”
“Never have I nor will I ever abandon you.  I am always watching over you.”
“I’ve missed you.  Without your voice to guide me, I lost my way.”
“No, Frederick, you did not.  You have remained true to my teachings.”
“If you knew the things that I’ve done, you wouldn’t say that.”
“I do know and you have done exactly as you ought.  You have grown into a fine young man, Frederick.”
“But it’s my fault that Brit was almost killed and Quort and Deana abducted.”
“You tried to stop him, did you not?”
“After I led him there…”
“Did you at any point convey the final location to him?”
“No, but somehow he knew where to find me, and through me…the others.  I should not have followed them…should not have allowed him to control me.  I knew it was wrong.  All along, I knew it, but I was weak.”
“The Society would have found your friends regardless of your participation.  If you had not been there, the young woman would not have survived.  You distracted Mikhail long enough for the wolves to locate and save her.”
“If I had not been there, Brit would never have been in danger in the first place.”
“I can see that arguing blame with you is pointless.”
“Because I am to blame.”
“In that case, would you be willing to help rectify the situation?”
“Yes, of course, but what can I do?”
“More than you think…much much more…”

Saturday, June 9th

Chapter 34

“Hey Freddie…you’re awake.  Quort’s been dying to come see you, but you’ve slept the morning away.  Are you hungry?  I can let Georgia know you’re up now…via the Doc, of course.”
“No food…not right now, thanks.  We need to talk.”
“That sounds ominous,” Brit said as she pulled the chair up to his bed and sat down.  “Okay, talk away…I’m listening.”
“I must leave for France immediately.”
“Um…why…?”
“I…I…I can’t explain it right now and you probably wouldn’t believe me anyway, so…”
“Yeah, right…like nothing weird and unbelievable has ever happened to me.  So, what’s in France that’s got your panties in such a wad to get there?”
“I have to go back to the place where my fake father took me.”
“The one with the vampire in the cellar?  Are you nuts?”
“That’s a given,” Freddie said with a ghost of a smile, “however, beside the point.  I must go.”
“Uh…no you don’t.  Besides, you don’t even know where it is.”
“I have a general idea…I’m sure I can find it.”
“Well, I’m not helping you kill yourself.”
“It’s important, Brit.”
“Tell me what you think is so all-fired important that you’re willing to risk your recurring nightmare eating you and I’ll give it some thought.”
“There is something there that I need to…do.”
“Okay, then we’ll send somebody that can do it for you.”
“I have to be the one to go.”
“You haven’t healed enough, Freddie.  You barely get out of bed to pee.”
At Freddie’s shudder, Brit laughed in spite of the seriousness of the conversation.
“Don’t tell me you object to ‘pee’, too.”
“Too…?”
“Dee always got on my case for using words like that, even though there are a lot of worse ones out there.”
“As well she should…at any rate, I require your assistance in convincing the doctor to release me.”
“The way you talk…you’re such a weird combo of British royalty and plain ole American teenager.”
“English…”
“What?”
“I am specifically English and you are changing the subject.  If the doctor doesn’t release me, I need you to help me escape.” 
“Yeah, well, that’s not happening.  For once, I plan to let the big bad wolves sort it all out without any interference from me.”
“It won’t be safe for any of them to go,” Freddie pointed out.  “That’s what the Society wants.  Besides, what happened to Deana and Quort is entirely my fault.”
“It isn’t, you know.  You don’t get to take credit for your fake father’s criminal activity.”
“Nothing you say will convince me otherwise and I won’t reveal any more pertinent information unless I am allowed to go.”
“You don’t have any more pertinent information to reveal…do you?”
“I know where the Chateau is located.”
“Yeah right,” Brit scoffed.  “You were only like what…ten or so…”
“I was eight and the internet is very informative.  After putting together everything I remembered from that day, I researched it thoroughly and believe I have found the exact location.”
“Why would you do that?  I would have thought you wanted nothing whatsoever to do with that place.”
“Honestly, I don’t know why I felt the need to locate it, but it became somewhat of an obsession for me.”
“I guess I can understand that, in a weird convoluted kind of way,” Brit acknowledged, “but why go back?  Do you think they will still be there after all these years?  And if they are, what do you expect to happen?  Do you want to be eaten?”
“If I can get to the Chateau I feel that I’ll be able to uncover some information that could lead me to Deana.”
“That would be great, so just tell me where it is and I’m sure the Alpha can…”
“No, I have to go.  I refuse to be responsible for getting anyone else captured or killed because of my stupidity.”
“But you’re in no kind of shape to go.  Like I said, you can barely move.”
“The doctor can bandage my ribs as well as administer pain medication.”
“That won’t help very much.  The pain is still going to kill you.”
“It’s no more than I deserve.”
“If you feel you are up to the trip,” a voice offered from the doorway, “I will arrange it.  I am certain it will be most beneficial in our search for Deana.”
“Most beneficial for who…?” Brit repeated in disgust.
“Whom,” Freddie and Minsk corrected.
“Whatever…so I’m guessing that hippo oath thingy that you took allows vacations…?  Because I’m pretty sure it has something about ‘do no harm’ in it.”
At Minsk’s skeptical look, Brit added, “Just because I never remember what it’s called, doesn’t mean I don’t know what’s in it.  I am engaged to a future doctor, you know.  I’ve done my research.”
“Can you not see from the young man’s face that he is determined to go regardless of your opinion?”
“Yeah, but you could drug him up and make him stay.”
“Or I can ‘drug him up’ and allow him to go.”
“I’ll report you to…to…whatever place you report doctors when they totally lose it and start letting their patients decide what’s best even when it’s obviously not.”
“Please don’t…” Freddie began.
“Allow me a few moments to confer with the Alpha,” Minsk said turning to Freddie, “and then you and I shall discuss the options.”
“Thank you,” Freddie exhaled in relief.
“Well,” Brit lowered her voice and pulled her chair closer to the bed as Minsk shut the door behind him, “if you’re going, and you happen to get to Dee, there are some things that you should know in order to convince her that you want to help.  We don’t have much time before the Doc comes back, and I want to tell you about the phone call I got yesterday, then work backwards from there…”

~**~

“My turn now, Miss Macintosh.”
“Your turn for what, Doc?” Brit asked plastering an innocent look on her face before turning towards the all too familiar figure in the doorway.
“I believe the young man is fully equipped to address Deana’s concerns as regards your loyalty.”
“Of course you heard,” Brit sighed.  “Why didn’t you stop me?”
“Stop you…?  If you had not thought to prep him, I would have asked you to do so.”
“Even though I laid every bit of blame squarely on the Alpha’s shoulders?”
“Blake would be the first to step up and take total responsibility for all that has transpired.”
“What a paragon…”
“Now, if you will excuse us, the young man and I have much to discuss.”
“Why can’t I stay?”
“In the meantime, perhaps you could occupy your friend Quort…?” Minsk offered, ignoring her question.  “He appears to be convincing Georgia to wheel him over to this room as we speak.”
“Why am I surprised you won’t tell me anything…?”
“Miss Macintosh…”
“I’m going…I’m going…it’s not like I’m going to tell anybody,” she muttered as she slammed the door behind her.
Once in the hallway, she stopped and put her ear to the door.
“Keep moving, Miss Macintosh,” Minsk called.
“Damned wolfie hearing,” he heard her say before her footsteps receded.
“Now, for our little talk,” Minsk said turning back to Freddie.  “I have arranged for you to leave for London within the next few hours, but we have much to discuss before then.”
“Such as…?”
“Shall we start with your unusual conversation last night?”
“My unusual conversation…?”
“I was not able to decipher a great deal, but enough to realize that it was not the first time you have communed with someone not of this world.”
“How…?”
“Does this spirit have a name.”
“I don’t…I can’t…”
“You fear that as a psychiatrist, I will have you committed for hearing voices if you admit to anything,” Minsk nodded in understanding.  “I could attempt to reassure you that I will not, but as I have yet to earn your trust, I fear that would be futile.  Instead, I find myself in a moral dilemma, the result of which could very well kill any future hope of gaining your trust that I might entertain.”
“One of your patients heard voices, too,” Freddie said with sudden insight.
“Most perceptive of you.  However, she was not just any patient, but one with which you are acquainted.”
“Deana had voices in her head…?” 
“Only one voice…a woman’s voice…”
“Why would my mother visit Deana?” Freddie asked before he could stop himself.
“You believe the voice in your head to be that of your mother…?” Minsk asked in surprise.  “You recognized it?”
“I was very young when she died, but the way the voice speaks to me, and it began shortly after my mother…so I just thought…I assumed…” he faltered.
“A reasonable assumption,” Minsk conceded.
“What did the voice say to Deana?”
“According to Deana, the voice urged her on to find the wolf-boy,” Minsk replied.  “What did the voice say to you?”
“She explained right and wrong to me and encouraged me whenever my defiance angered my fake father, which is what Brit and I decided to call him, by the way.”
“I am aware.  So, as I understand it, your main duty consisted of spying on people.”
“Yes,” Freddie whispered, bowing his head.
“Did you learn anything of importance concerning the Pack?”
“I overheard two boys at a party talking about how cool it was to change into a wolf and I remember wishing that I was one of them instead of…well…Little Lord Carrington.”
“And you reported this to your father?”
“No, I didn’t…they weren’t any older than I was and so I avoided my fake father that evening and waited until the voice visited me that night.  I asked her what I should do because lying was wrong, but I didn’t want anything bad to happen to the other boys because of me.”
“What did the voice say to that?”
“She said that I was correct, that lying was wrong, but the information that I’d received was obtained through spying on people, which was also wrong.  Then she asked me what I thought my fake father would do with the information and I told her he would kill them all…the boys as well as their families.  I asked her what I should do, but all she said was that she believed I was a good boy and had confidence that I would make the right decision.”
“What did you do?”
“The next day, when my fake father came to me and asked me what I’d learned the previous day, I told him what I’d overheard the adults talking about, jobs and money, and admitted that I’d spent most of my time listening to some boys talking about some fun stuff they do in their free time.  Then I asked him if I could have some free time.”
“You distracted him by angering him.  He was not pleased, I take it.”
“No, but the whipping was worth it.  As soon as I saw one of the boys again, I quickly scribbled a note and slipped it into their coat pocket.  Both families were moved out of the area by the end of the week.”
“That was very brave of you.”
“Not particularly brave.”
“Was that the only time?”
“That was the first one, but there were others.”
“You obviously became well-versed in distraction.”
“I hated my life—hated what I’d become—but the alternative was unthinkable and so I continued to purposefully anger my father in order to avoid lying to him.”
“Your father brought you before the man you call ‘Milord’.”
“Brit told you.”
“I overheard.”
“So you know…”
“That you think him a vampire…?  Yes.”
“I’m not crazy.”
“I have never assumed that you were.”
“So you believe me?”
“I believe the—for lack of a better term—man that you met is the evil creature the Alpha was designed to counteract.”
“You already knew about him, of course.”
“Actually, no we did not.  However, Liss believes in maintaining the balance of nature above all else and so I have always assumed that she bestowed the Alpha with what she deemed necessary in order to provide a counterbalance for whatever creature Bealu created.”
“You assumed…?  You don’t know…?”
“The only one privy to that information was the Alpha.”
“Was…?  Is the Alpha dead?  I thought…”
“The current Alpha is very much alive, however, there was a time when an Alpha died shortly after his son was born, resulting in the loss of much information peculiar to the Alpha.”
“So this Liss…is she like Bealu?”
“Liss is the twin sister of Bealu and as good and wholesome as Bealu is wicked and twisted.”
“Bealu is the one we…they…the Society…follow.  Is she the one speaking to me?”
“No, Bealu would not have taught you the difference between right and wrong.  I am of the opinion that it is Liss speaking to you.”
“Why would Liss speak to a member of the Society?”
“Ah…but you are not a member.”
“That is true, however…”
“During the conversation last night…were you instructed to return to the Chateau in France?”
“Yes.”
“Anything else…?”
“She insisted that I go alone and if I do so, it will lead me to Deana.”
“Do you trust this voice?”
“Absolutely…she taught me right from wrong and, even though we haven’t spoken in years, she insisted it was because I no longer needed that instruction.”
“Fair enough…I shall return shortly with the medical supplies necessary for your journey.  If my efforts have no effect and you can not remain in an upright position for a reasonable length of time, your mission will fail before it has even begun.”
“I failed my friends once; I will not do so again.”
“You realize, of course, that your life will be forfeit…?  The Society has already made one attempt to kill you and will undoubtedly make another as soon as they learn of your survival.”
“Help me save Deana, after that, I don’t care what happens to me.”
“Your luggage is in the closet…select a shirt composed of thick material so the bandaging will not be apparent.”
“What else…?”
“Make sure you have a suitable pocket for extra pain medication.”
“Is that everything?”
“I shall ready a backpack with essentials.”
“Would you consider a weapon an essential?”
“Major airlines tend to frown on that sort of thing.”
“But Brit said…”
“We do have access to private jets, however…”
“The Society might trace the jet back to the Pack,” Freddie’s lips twisted in self-deprecation.  “Sorry…I’m not thinking clearly.”
“Quite understandable,” Minsk nodded.  “I shall return forthwith.”
“I’ll be ready.”

Dumfries, Scotland

“Ah, Shaladon, come…join me.”
“My name is Shalimar, Milord,” the hesitant figured called from the top landing.  “It seems rather dark.  I fear I shall misstep and fall to my death.”
“Allow your eyes a moment to adjust and I assure you, all will be revealed.”
“Yes…yes…” the man said before beginning his descent, “I can see much better now.”
“Excellent,” Milord said eyeing the terrified man in amusement as he hugged the stone wall while carefully navigating the dark and narrow stairs.  “I am told that you have news of such import that you insisted upon delivering it in person, Shaladon.”
“Shalimar, Milord,” he repeated as he reached the bottom step, “if you please.”
“Of course, you must forgive my absentmindedness.  Now, tell me, what is so important that you insisted upon a face to face meeting.”
“Bealu is quite displeased with the current situation, Milord,” he intoned drawing nearer to the voice emanating from the shadows, injecting calculated reproach into his own.
“Have a seat, Shaladon.  Exactly what situation would that be?”
“Shalimar…my name is Shalimar…”
 “You may dispense with your affectations as well as your rather spurious accent.  I remain unimpressed.  What situation?”
“I know not of what you speak.  I am a sorcerer descended from the great Merlin…”
“You are, in actual fact, Sheldon Detweiler, descended from a garage mechanic and a waitress, lifetime residents of Kilton, Mississippi.  However, we will not belabor that fact.  As you were saying…?”
“Milord, I…”
“I have neither the time nor the patience for this nonsense.  I suggest you get to the point before my anger surfaces.  I will not ask again.”
“Bealu told you the boy was important,” Sheldon burst out, anxiety obvious in every word, “but you ordered him killed.”
“What boy would that be?”
“She wouldn’t say, but she insisted that you would know.”
“And did Bealu happen to enlighten you as to this boy’s role?”
“He’s the conduit for the prophecy.”
“Is the conduit…?  The boy lives…?  You are certain of this?”
“Bealu said he’s alive and I believe her.”
“Does Bealu have information regarding his whereabouts?”
“She said that the boy would, and I quote, “return to the place that he fears the most in search of the girl’ end quote.”
“I see.”
“You know the place?”
“Did Bealu impart to you any other information?”
“Actually, she did…she said it was, and again I quote, ‘of the utmost importance and necessary to the fulfillment of the prophecy’, end quote.”
“And…?”
“Well, you see, this is so big that I think we should renegotiate my fee.”
“Are you asking for more money, Sheldon?”
“I promise you, this is worth it.”
“Hmm…”
For a moment, there was no sound other than the drumming of unseen fingers in the darkness.  Just when Sheldon had given up all hope of getting his hands on more of the frightening man’s money, Milord broke the silence.
“I agree, Sheldon…you deserve far more than you are currently receiving.”
“Great…that’s great…how much…?”
“The information first…after that we shall discuss your reward.”
“How do I know you won’t cheat me?”
A purple pouch appeared out of the shadows, dangling a mere foot from the sorcerer’s face.
“Do you have any idea what this purse contains?”
“No, Milord.”
“Allow me to show you.”
Reaching into the velvety purple pouch, Milord extracted a gold coin.  As the avaricious sorcerer’s eyes widened, he licked his lips in greed.
“This coin was specially minted during the time of William the Conqueror.”
“So it’s rare…?”
“Very rare…only twenty-five of these are known to still exist and this purse contains more than half of those…fifteen, to be exact.”
“How much are they worth?”
“Millions each…you may take this one.”
Catching the coin with both hands, the sorcerer proceeded to examine it in glee.
“I assure you, it is authentic.  As you can see, I am a man of my word.”
“Thank you, Milord.  You are most generous.”
“Give me the information, and you shall have the rest of your reward.”
“The rest…?” the sorcerer repeated in rapacious wonder.
“I wish for you to receive all that you deserve.  The information…?”
“There is a woman in an asylum in Ireland that is also important to the prophecy.”
“No doubt there are many women in such places.”
“Yes, but this woman is special.”
“In what way?”
“I don’t know, but Bealu said that it will be obvious when you find her.”
“Do you have anything more?”
“Not right now, that’s all she said.  She was kind of…well…”
“What…?”
“She was kind of in a hurry.”
“You have done well, sorcerer.  Come…take the entire contents.  You have earned it.”
The whole pouch…?” the greedy man squealed as he grabbed for it.
Just as the sorcerer’s hand seized the soft velvety material, another hand appeared out of the darkness and encircled his wrist.  Twisting and turning in an attempt to escape the vice-like grip, the terrified sorcerer’s knees buckled beneath him and he fell at the feet of the man still hidden in the shadows.
 “And this is the true reward for greed,” Milord intoned as he withdrew the pouch from view before extending his ringed hand towards the sorcerer’s neck.  “A pity you will not live long enough to learn from your mistakes.”
The blood-curdling screams bounced off the stone walls of the dungeon as the blood slowly drained from the sorcerer’s face until eventually the noise faded away to nothing.
“And so ends the life of another grasping sorcerer,” a sardonic voice filled the darkened chambers as the corpse-like appendage lifted the dead body and flung it towards the bottom of the steps.
“You heard?”
“I have already sent word to our brethren in France.  If the boy shows up there, they will be ready for him.”
“You mean to say ‘when’ of course.”
“Of course.”
“Make certain he survives the journey here.”
“As you wish…shall I have the sorcerer’s body removed?”
“Later…for now, the sight provides some small measure of entertainment.”
“Easily amused…?”
“Eternally bored…” 

Sunday, June 10th

Chapter 35

Paris, France

“Prenez n104 et je vais vous donner des indications à partir de là,” Freddie said in labored French as he slid into the back seat of the cab.
“I have English,” the driver said with a heavy accent, turning to face his passenger.
“Thank goodness,” Freddie exhaled in relief.  “It’s been years since I’ve spoken French and I’m a bit rusty.”
“What is rusty?”
“Not important…take the N104 and I will direct you from there.”
“You have l’adresse?”
“I am looking for a Chateau that I visited when I was very young.  I only know the general location and so will need to guide you there.”
“You pay for wrong turn,” the driver informed him.
“Of course…and a big tip when we arrive.”
“Big tip,” the driver grinned and quickly faced forward, “I like big tip.”
Leaning back in his seat, Freddie briefly closed his eyes and tried to ignore the throbbing in his head and the sharp stabbing pains in his rib area, but it was too much.  Reaching into his shirt pocket, he pulled out the pain medication Dr. Minsk had provided.  Even though the label said every four to six hours, and it had only been three, that wasn’t happening…not if he expected to be able to get out of the taxi when he arrived at the Chateau.
Screwing open the lid, Freddie shook two tablets into his hand.  The prescribed dosage was one, but he was in so much pain that he was sorely tempted to double it.  
After reluctantly putting the extra pill back and replacing the lid, Freddie slid it into his pocket and pulled the half-empty water bottle that he’d kept from the plane out of the backpack Minsk had provided for him.  Downing the pill with the remaining liquid, Freddie fell back and attempted to get comfortable.
Ten minutes later, he began to feel the effects of the drug.
“Hey, no sleep,” the voice from the front seat ordered.  “Where we go?”
“Just get me into L'Isle-Adam and turn left onto D922,” Freddie mumbled as he started to drift off.  “Then wake me up.”
Freddie never heard the driver’s answer.
 
~**~

The sudden stillness as well as the sparkling lights playing on the ceiling of the cab and shining in his eyes startled Freddie into awareness.
“Why didn’t you rouse me in L'Isle-Adam?” he asked in panic, straightening up with head swiveling as he tried to gauge where he was.
“This is place?” the cab driver asked pointing towards a beautiful yet unfamiliar Chateau barely visible through the trees lining the road.
“No,” Freddie shook his head in disappointment.  “It is the right area, I recognize the river, but that is the wrong Chateau.”
“We look,” the man shrugged and pulled back onto the road.
“Wait!” Freddie exclaimed just moments later.  “There it is…the next one…that’s it.  Pull into the drive.”
“No one here,” the cab driver shook his head even as he complied.  “You make mistake.”
“I am certain this is the place…park over there by the entrance,” Freddie said reaching over the seat and handing the driver the handful of bills that Minsk had given him before leaving the ranch without bothering to count it.  “This should more than cover the trip and you may keep the change.”
“I wait.” 
“No, thank you.  I’ll be fine.”
Glancing around dubiously, the cab driver repeated, “I wait.”
“I am meeting someone here,” Freddie said as he slid out of the taxi, reaching for the backpack before shutting the car door.  “You can go now.”
Shrugging fatalistically, the driver muttered something in French that Freddie didn’t catch and turned his cab towards the dilapidated entrance.
“No wonder he didn’t want to leave me here alone,” Freddie murmured as he reached into an outside pocket of the backpack, and pulled out a small round container.  Popping open the lid, he lifted the small object from the foam holding it in place, and slid the device into his ear before dropping the container into the backpack and slinging it over his shoulder.
Taking in the once glorious courtyard—the columns no longer elegant and sparkling white, but a dingy gray color, and the beautiful flowing fountains that had so enchanted Freddie as a small boy nothing more than crumbling masses of stone and mortar under creeping vines that covered everything—he felt a strange and unidentifiable emotion.  It was as if the current state of the Chateau reaffirmed the fear he’d felt over the occupant more than a decade earlier.  For years, Freddie had held on to the beauty of the outside as a talisman against the evil within, but the current exterior did nothing to allay the anxiety building inside of him.
“It appears to be deserted,” Freddie said, attempting to mask his relief while at the same time wondering if anyone was even listening.
“Is it the correct location?” a voice asked through the earpiece.
Unable to stop his body’s startled reflex at hearing someone in his ear, pain shot through his ribs, which in turn produced an involuntary exclamation.
“Is something wrong?”
“A momentary twinge of pain…I’m fine, Mister…?”
“I am Blake.  Are you certain this is the place?”
“You’re the Alpha…?”
“Yes…is this the place…?”
“It is…I am certain of it, although it has fallen into disrepair.”
“Go inside.”
“It is futile.  The cab driver was right, there is nothing here.”
“You claimed to trust the voice.  Have you had a change of heart?”
“I did…I do…but it’s empty.  What’s the use?”
“Looks can be deceiving.  Go inside.”
Although the huge double entryway doors refused to budge, a few of the first floor windows retained very little glass.  Choosing the largest opening, Freddie dropped the backpack through the broken window before carefully slipping in between the jagged edges of the glass.  
Inside the structure, Freddie closed his eyes and attempted to ignore his protesting ribs as he slowly uncurled his body from the necessary crouched position into a semi-upright one.  With much trepidation, and a few quick shallow breaths, he opened his eyes and took in his surroundings.
Just as he’d feared from his early memories as well as his estimation of the outside, it was The Room…and the memories of his first and only visit hit him like a sledgehammer to his already cracked ribs.  
 That very room had not only stolen his final hope of any semblance of a normal life, it had also been the preface of every one of his nightmares over the past fourteen years.  Even as horribly as his fake father had treated him, at least his dreams had been his own, but the very room in which he stood had been the spawn of nightmares that had haunted him every second of every day from that moment forward.  
The memory of his terror at the hands of the monster that lived in the darkness below nearly put Freddie on his knees.
As it was, he stood there shaking, transfixed by the sight of the partially opened secret panel and the darkness beyond it.
After what seemed like hours, a voice finally penetrated a mind frozen in fear.
“What is happening?  Mister Carrington…Frederick…Freddie…answer me.”
“I…I can’t move…” Freddie whispered.
“You are not alone.  I am close and can be there within minutes if you need me.  Take some deep breaths and…”
“I can’t do this…I can’t go down there…”
Think of your friend…think of the danger she is in…you can do this.  Just think of Deana.”
“Deana…” Freddie murmured in desperation, holding onto that name as a talisman against the evil he could feel permeating every corner of the empty Chateau.
“Okay, I’m okay.  Heading down into the cellar now.”
“Use the flashlight in your pack.”
For a moment, Freddie’s feet refused to cooperate, but finally, pushing past the fear threatening to overwhelm him, he forced one foot in the direction of the dreaded opening.  Pulling the torch out of his backpack, he slowly advanced towards the place he remembered as hell on earth.
Squeezing sideways between the panel and the wall, Freddie led with the torch, praying desperately that it would make some impression on the pitch-blackness beyond, but not holding out much hope.  As he stood at the top of the familiar wooden stairs, torch in hand, searching for any signs of life, a small beam of light far below him drew his eyes.
“I see a light at the bottom of the stairs.  I’m going to investigate.”
“Do not do anything foolish and if at any time you require assistance…”
“I’ll yell for help,” Freddie finished for him as he carefully descended the stairs.  “Believe me, I won’t hesitate to do so.”
“Fair enough…”
Minutes passed as Freddie navigated the narrow, wooden steps, drawing nearer to the source of the light.
“I’ve found a partially opened door and…wait…I hear something…”
“What do you hear?”
“It sounds like…but that can’t be right…” Freddie said, shaking his head as he reached the bottom step.  “We’re too far underground…”
“What do you hear?”
“It sounds like…like…running water,” he replied as he pushed open the door.
“A faucet…?”
Standing there with jaw dropped, Freddie couldn’t believe his eyes, for before him lay a rather large cavern with a small river running through it.
“This is incredible,” Freddie breathed in awe.  “You won’t believe…”
And that was as far as he got before his head exploded with pain and everything went dark.

~**~

“Over here, Blake,” Liam called from his position near some outcrops of pure rock.  “I have found his backpack.”
Joining him near the water, Blake asked, “Was the transmitter intentionally sabotaged?”
“Torn out of the lining and deliberately smashed,” Liam replied pointing to the small mutilated electronic device on the ground near his foot.  “He and the backpack were probably scanned because they knew exactly where to look…no extra tears in the material.”
“We must assume the one in his medicine bottle suffered the same fate, which would explain why Mike has lost his signal.”
“He might have just moved out of range,” Mike said through their earpieces.  “The med bottle transmitter was still working for a bit after the backpack one went out.  We’re going to move up and down the river to see if we can reconnect.  Get back to you shortly.”
“Stay together.”
“Aw, Blake…you’re worried about us.  That’s so sweet!”
“Get to work.”
“Sir yes sir!”
“This is quite the elaborate setup,” Liam commented glancing around the enormous cavern.  “No wonder the structure sits so much higher than its neighbors and is tucked into the side of a small hill.  The Society was lucky to have found a place with a built-in escape route.”
“This is no naturally occurring cavern,” Blake contradicted, “at least, not on this scale.  The walls have been painstakingly carved out of rock.  I would surmise that originally the opening was little more than a small underground stream feeding into the river.”
“Blasting out a cavern this large without drawing attention would have been a difficult feat back in the eighteenth century.”
“Although the neighboring Chateau was built during that time period, by the style and architecture, I estimate this one to have been more in line with the nineteenth century.”
“I can go with that,” Liam conceded.  “Still, having lived through a great portion of that century, I must say, this is still an amazing accomplishment.”
“It is,” Blake nodded.  “We should search the entire house.  Perhaps we can uncover something helpful.”
“I’ll finish down here and join you upstairs when I’m done.”
“Fair enough…”
“Uh…Blake…”
“What is it, Mike?  Have you recovered the signal?”
“Nope…nothing…both transmitters are gone.”
“So, what you’re saying is…” Liam prompted even as he knew the answer.
“I have absolutely no idea where the hell Freddie is.”

Dumfries, Scotland

As Freddie slowly surfaced, every single part of his body ached except for his face.  Something refreshingly cool and amazingly gentle moved from his forehead to his nose and across his cheeks, and he sighed.
“Freddie…?  Are you awake?  Can you hear me?”
“Deana,” Freddie breathed a sigh of relief at the familiar voice.  “You’re alive.”
“Did that man send you to find me and…and…kill me?”
“What man?”
“Your father…”
“The monster that kidnapped you is not my father.”
“But I heard you call him that.”
“Because I thought he was at the time,” Freddie admitted.  “For years I believed I was his son, but I wasn’t.  It’s a long story, but…well…suffice it to say, I have cut all ties with him.”
“Are you one of…them?” 
“I thought I was,” Freddie conceded, eyes remaining closed as he analyzed any further injuries he might have sustained, while at the same time attempting to gather enough energy to move, “but I’m not.”
“What do you mean?  How could you think you’re a shapeshifter, but not be?”
“A shapeshifter…” Freddie repeated, eyes opening in surprise.  “I’m not a shapeshifter.” 
“Okay, but you obviously know about them, and don’t try to tell me they don’t exist, because I know they do.”
“As do I,” Freddie acknowledged, finally finding the strength to attempt sitting up before realizing that he couldn’t move.  “Why am I strapped down?”
“Because Vinnie said you might try to hurt me.”
“I would never…wait…did you say Vinnie…?”
“Yes, he…”
“Is Vinnie a very proper elderly Englishman?”
“Yes, and you…”
“His real name is Vincent, Deana, and you can’t trust him.”
“Funny, he said the same thing about you.”
“This is so messed up, I don’t even know where to begin,” Freddie groaned, closing his eyes once more.
“Are you okay?”
“Not really.  Where are we, anyway?”
“I don’t know for sure.”
“So this Vinnie friend of yours claims to have your best interest at heart, but won’t tell you where you are?”
“He is trying to protect me from your father…and from you…”
“I told you, Richard Carrington is not my father…that man…the man I thought was my father ordered Mikhail to kill me after he left with you and Mikhail would have beaten me to death if your friends hadn’t saved me from…”
“My friends…?  Oh, right, you mean the people that claimed to care about me even while they were lying to me?”
“I know that looks bad, but if you will just let me explain…”
“Oh goodie, I can hardly wait to hear how my best friend in the whole wide world lied to me for years while everybody basically called me crazy.” 
“Deana, it is time to go back to your room,” a voice said from the doorway.
“Vincent,” Freddie whispered, taking in the familiar figure with horror.
Wherever Vincent was, the vampire was certain to be close by and Freddie couldn’t help the shudder tearing through his body at the bone-chilling thought.
“Vinnie,” Deana corrected, “your father’s butler.  He saved me.”
“Deana, you have to listen to me, Vincent is not my father’s butler and he hasn’t saved you from anything.”
“I know what you’re going to say next, Freddie,” Deana said halting in the doorway and turning to face him, “so don’t bother.”
“What I’m going to say next…?”
“You’re going to try to convince me that Vinnie works for a vampire and that he’s evil, but I’m not going to believe you.  I’ve been lied to long enough.  I’m not buying what anybody is selling anymore.”
“He told you about the vampire?”
“He told me about a man that tried to scare you into thinking he was a vampire so you would be a good little boy and obey your father.”
“Think about what you just said, Deana,” Freddie yelled in desperation as Vincent gently pulled her from the room and started to shut the heavy metal door.  “You know my father is evil so why would a good man help him scare me into obeying him?  Don’t you see…?  You’re buying what Vincent is selling.  Deana…”
The door shut and, as the key turned in the lock, Freddie closed his eyes and went totally limp on the hard table beneath him.
There was so much he needed to tell her, but Vincent wasn’t about to let them spend enough time together for him to explain anything that would help Deana see reason.
There were too many obstacles to overcome.
First obstacle: Deana unquestionably believed everything Vincent fed her.
Second obstacle: Freddie’s earwig was no longer in his ear so he had no way to contact the Pack in order to arrange Deana’s rescue.
Third obstacle: Freddie’s ribs were alternating between throbbing pain and stabbing agony and he feared that he had fatally reinjured himself.
Undoubtedly, there were multiple other obstacles, but Freddie couldn’t summon the energy to come up with any more, much less contemplate them.
It was over.  He had failed.
“Liss,” Freddie whispered, “if you are truly watching over me, help me now.”
“I am here, my dear sweet boy…rest and gather your strength for what is to come.”
And with that, Freddie relaxed and let go of all conscious thought.

~**~

As she lay on the bed in her room, Deana couldn’t get Freddie’s words out of her head.
“Think about what you just said, Deana.  You know my fake father is evil so why would a good man help him scare me into obeying him?  Don’t you see…?  You’re buying what Vincent is selling.  Deana…”
So many things didn’t make sense.
Deana could have sworn Brit had never believed her, but during their recent phone call, it was obvious that Brit knew all about shapeshifters.  How could Deana have been so wrong about her best friend?
Of course, there was the conversation they had right before reaching Wolfe Butte about Brit changing her mind and admitting that she did believe her…had even apologized for the years of doubt…and then Brit had gone with her and helped her at the school.
But she tried to talk me out of it.  
What if Brit had been afraid something would happen to them…?  Like the kidnapping…?
Then there was Jay…
If Jay really was a shapeshifter, that would explain why he’d always believed in her.  But how could he keep something that important from her?  Especially once he and Brit…
“Oh my gosh!” she exclaimed, realization hitting.
There was no possible way Brit knew about Jay until Deana had introduced them because they didn’t even know each other before then.  So, what if Brit didn’t know until Jay told her after they became a couple and that was why Brit apologized to her.  That totally fit the timeline and would definitely explain everything…why Brit hadn’t believed her for years and then suddenly did…
But what about Quort…?  How was he involved?  
Deana knew he’d been kidnapped, too, because she had temporarily regained consciousness while onboard some sort of plane and noticed him lying right next to her.  She wanted to wake him…to talk to him…but had faded back out before she could.
Why would the kidnapper take him, too?  She was sure he didn’t know anything about shapeshifters.  Even though he sometimes acted as if he believed her, Deana had always suspected it was only because of Jay’s insistence.  Quort wasn’t good at lying.  
So many things didn’t add up, besides the simple fact that she knew her friends and trusted them…especially Brit.  The two of them had grown up together and regardless of how bad things looked, she loved Brit and trusted her like a sister.
Although she’d blindly accepted everything Vinnie had told her up to that point, it was only because of her hurt feelings and anger over her friends’ duplicity.  However, she couldn’t do that any longer.  Vinnie was not what he appeared to be.  There were too many inconsistencies in his behavior.
Even while he allowed her to call her friends, he claimed they were evil…even while he insisted he was saving her, he wouldn’t let her call her parents…even while he assured her the two of them were alone, Deana frequently heard another voice in the house…even while he declared she wasn’t a prisoner, he always locked the door to her room…
Plus, one of the most damning things in Deana’s eyes had been seeing Vinnie’s indifference to Freddie’s plight.  That had shaken her confidence in Vinnie more than anything else could.  On the way back to her room, when she’d mentioned how much Freddie appeared to be suffering and asked him why a doctor hadn’t been called, Vinnie had shrugged and asked why she was so concerned with someone that had been instrumental in her kidnapping.
Being her father’s daughter, Deana believed that even the worst criminals deserved medical treatment.  In her eyes, it was a basic human right.
Besides which, Deana had liked Freddie from the moment they’d met.  There had been something about him that spoke to her as no other guy had.  And earlier, down in that horrible dungeon, the pain and honesty in his eyes had been almost too much for her.  
If Vinnie hadn’t insisted, she would never have left Freddie alone in that cold and dark place…especially strapped down as he was.
She needed to see him again, to give him the chance to explain, but somehow she knew Vinnie wouldn’t like it and, without his cooperation, Deana knew she’d never see Freddie again.
Suddenly, in her mind, Deana was one-hundred percent sure that Freddie had been telling the truth and, if she could believe him, someone she barely knew, she certainly should have given Brit the benefit of the doubt.  
How could she have been so mean to her best friend?  Even drugged up and stressed out was no excuse.
I’m such an idiot!
“Well, no more,” she said with decisiveness in her voice as she got off her bed and began searching the room for something to help her pick a lock.

Monday, June 11th

Chapter 36

The sound of the heavy door opening startled Freddie awake.
“Freddie…?” a tentative voice asked from the doorway.
“Deana!” Freddie exclaimed in surprise, automatically attempting to rise before realizing he couldn’t.  
Spurred into action by his grunt of pain, Deana hurried to his side.
“Are you in pain?  What can I do…?”
“I’m okay…just forgot where I was for a moment and tried to sit up.”
“Maybe the door key will fit your…”
“Restraints…shackles…?” Freddie offered with a weak smile.  “I doubt it, but….”
As she tried the key in each of the keyholes, Deana became more and more depressed until she finally had to admit defeat.
“I’m so sorry,” she said meeting his eyes with tears in her own.  “I thought I could help you.”
“I will most likely heal better lying down anyway,” Freddie offered in a lame attempt to comfort the girl.  “Why are you being nice to me after what I did to you?”
“I thought about what you said, and you were right…a lot of things don’t make sense so I thought through some things and I…well…I believe you about Vinnie and I don’t trust him.  I should never have doubted Brit, but I was hurt and Vinnie convinced me that…well…anyway…I just want to go home,” she finished on a whisper.
“Does Vincent know about your change of heart?”
“No, at least I don’t think so.  I haven’t seen him since breakfast.”
“Then he doesn’t know you’re down here?”
“He said he’d be gone for a few hours, so I decided to come see you.”
“So it’s daytime?  I can’t tell down here.”
“It’s morning…around ten or so I think.”
“Did he leave someone else in charge of you?”
“No, he told me he lives alone, although I have heard another voice at times, so I don’t know for sure.”
“You are able to roam about without supervision?”
“Actually, he locks me in my room.  And before you say anything, he told me it was for my own protection and after being so stressed and angry and drugged up I freely admit that I haven’t been thinking straight.”
“How did you get out?”
“I learned how to pick locks before we left on our trip because I thought it might come in handy when I was breaking into the school.”
“I have to say, that’s impressive.”
“And illegal,” Deana added.
“True, but…wait…you are free…you could leave anytime you want now.”
“I suppose I could…”
“Deana, you need to leave this place immediately, before he comes back and definitely before it gets dark.”
“You really think that Vinnie works for a vampire?”
“Check the front door and see if you can…”
“It is a deadbolt lock, very similar to the one on my bedroom door so I’m pretty sure I could pick that one, too, but…”
“Then you need to do so and get as far away from here as possible.”
“I can’t do that…not without you.”
“I am irrelevant…”
“Not to me.”
“Okay, then let me put it another way, if you don’t go, I will die in this dungeon.”
“I don’t even know where we are…”
“It doesn’t matter…pick a direction and keep going until you find someone that will help you.”
“What if he comes back while I’m gone and…”
“You are wasting valuable time and my injuries will only slow you down, even if I could free myself.”
“What injuries do you have?  I’m a doctor’s daughter…maybe I can do something to…”
“I have a few broken ribs and a concussion…nothing that won’t heal given time…but I am rather slow-moving at the moment and it would be counterproductive for me to accompany you.”
“Why did you father want you dead so badly?”
“My fake father…and it’s a long story.  I promise to explain it to you someday, if we live long enough, but right now, you need to…”
“Deana,” a voice reproached from the doorway.  “What are you doing down here?  I told you he is dangerous and you could get hurt.”
“Vinnie,” Deana whispered before turning around to face him, “I don’t…”
“She was simply reassuring herself that I am suffering for all that I did to her and her friends,” Freddie broke in.  “Hatred is a powerful motivator.”
“Freddie…” Deana protested spinning back around to face him, “I…”
“We are done here.  I’ve had enough of your recriminations.  Leave me be.”
And with that, Freddie closed his eyes and turned his head away from her, hoping that Vincent believed him.
“Shall we return to your room?” Vincent asked with studied politeness.
Freddie heard no reply, but he could picture the defeated slump of Deana’s head and shoulders as she followed Vincent from the room, and it broke his heart.
“I will get you out of here, Deana,” Freddie murmured as the door shut behind them, leaving only darkness.  “I promise you that.”

~**~

“I trust your trip was a success, Vincent.”
“Yes, Milord, the woman was exactly as represented.”
“And the marks…?”
“She is a wolf’s mate.”
“You were able to secure her release?”
“You are now a million dollars poorer, but yes, I was able to convince the facility that I am family and have the right to demand they discharge her.”
“When does she arrive?”
“In two days.”
“Excellent…now…onto another matter…”
“I had no idea that the girl possessed the skills to pick the lock to her room.  In the past, she seemed content to remain behind locked doors.  I shall remedy the situation as soon as possible.”
“Apologize to the girl for the inconvenience and then remove the lock on her bedroom door as well as the door between the rooms.
“Why?”
“From their conversation, it is obvious that the two of them have forged a bond.  I believe we can use that to our advantage.”
“How so?”
“Call Doctor McDuffie and have him do what he can to ease the boy’s suffering.”
“I suggested that yesterday, but you…”
“No need to point fingers, Vincent.  The situation is evolving and we must remain flexible.  Then have Doctor McDuffie help you move the boy into the connecting room.”  
“Why?”
“I wish for you to encourage the two of them to get to know one another…to develop deep mutual feelings.”
“Again…why?”
“The boy is the conduit to the prophecy, is he not?”
“According to the late Sheldon of Mississippi…”
“And he is well aware that we attempted to have him killed…?”
“Undoubtedly…”
“How likely is it that the boy will prove cooperative?”
“You plan to use his feelings for the girl to coerce him into revealing the prophecy.”
“You do not approve?”
“My approval is irrelevant.”
“Indeed it is.”
“Anything else…?”
“I am in need of sustenance.”
“Of course you are,” Vincent sighed as he booted up his laptop.

Epilogue

Tuesday, June 12th

St. Brendan’s Hospital

Grangegorman, North Dublin, Ireland

“I have never seen this one before,” the young nurse said as she brushed out the long red hair.  “She is very beautiful.”
“Only a few people are privy to the special circumstances surrounding this patient, Nurse Benton,” the Ward Nurse noted from behind the chart adding sharply, “and no one is allowed to discuss her outside of these walls for any reason.”
“I understand, Sister, mums the word,” Nurse Benton nodded as she pulled the hair to one side and tied it with a green ribbon.  “Why is she here in the disused part of the facility instead of the new building with the other patients?”
“The Witch is…er…different.”
“The Witch…?”
“That is what people in the know call her, although her real name is Mary Cateline MacCarthy.”
“Why do they call her the Witch?” 
“Well, according to the caretaker, and he has been here forever so he should know, she is under some sort of magical spell.”
“What kind of magical spell?”
“Apparently, Miss MacCarthy has been in this facility since the twentieth century.”
“You mean the twenty-first century, of course…”
“No, the twentieth century.”
“But that would be way back in the 1900’s.  How is that possible?  She is obviously in her twenties.”
“Twenty-five to be exact, hence the nickname…the Witch…”
“I am confused.  If she is under some sort of magic spell, wouldn’t that mean someone else was the witch and she the victim.”
“The theory is that she put herself under the spell.”
“You do realize you are claiming that this woman has been twenty-five for over a hundred years.”
“I can see that I shall have to explain as best I can,” the Ward Nurse said with a sigh as she seated herself on the opposite side of the bed, “but you are to share this with no one…not even your husband.”
“I understand.”
“According to the records, Mary was officially admitted in 1902 and was kept in the main building with the others.  However, she was moved to this part of the grounds in 1903 and has remained here since that time.”
“1903…?  I find that quite incredible.  How came she to be here?”
“The notes in her case file say that she began to hear voices in her head.  Today, that would only have presented a cause for alarm if she had become violent, but during that time…well…fear is a powerful catalyst.  Her own family had her committed.”
“What treatment was prescribed?”
“She was scheduled to begin electroshock therapy when it happened.”
“What happened?”
“She fell into a coma-like state.”
“The woman is in a coma?”
“A coma-like state…”
“The difference being…?”
“Technically, she is not in a coma.”
“Then what is it?”
“Because she has not aged since 1903, most have agreed that she is in some type of stasis.”
“Which means?”
“Her body is…maintaining…”
“Maintaining…?  Is that why she has no IV?  No bedpan…?”
“During the first year of her stay, the staff kept her on an IV drip, but as there appeared to be no output, eventually the IV was discontinued.  Everyone feared death would soon claim Mary, but as the years passed, it became obvious that she was…er…self-sustaining in some way.”
 “That is unbelievable!”
“Yes it is.”
“So what changed?”
“Changed…?”
“Something had to have changed for you to call me in here.”
“Ah…yes…well…apparently, a family member has claimed her after all of these years.”
“But surely all of her family is dead by now.”
“This is a descendant.”
“Why would someone come forward after over a hundred years?”
“That is above my pay grade…and yours as well.  Our job is to ready Mary for transport.”
“I am amazed that no one attempted brain operations on her.  That type of thing was rampant in the twentieth century.”
“She must have had a guardian angel.  I have told you all that I know and much more than I should have.  We must ready the patient for transport.  Mary leaves this facility for the first time in over a hundred years at nine tonight.”
“I am still not sure how much I believe of what you have told me.”
“Nor I…and that is probably for the best.  Now, what say we make this young lady presentable for the trip to her new home…”

The End

Watch for Blood Secrets, the third book in the Twisted Tails Series by L. M. Reed Coming soon!
Like L. M. Reed on Facebook for updates on upcoming books
Go to lmreed.com for links to all of L. M. Reed’s books


