

BOUNDARY



Copyright 2014 Melony Brown 
Published by Melony Brown at Smashwords















Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




Table of Contents
Acknowledgements
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty One
Chapter Twenty Two
Chapter Twenty Three
Chapter Twenty Four
About Melony Brown
Connect with Melony Brown





Acknowledgements
Thanks to all my wonderful family and friends who have supported me over my entire life. My mother, Vicki, who has supported me in so many ways. My sister, Sherrie, who knows that sometimes we have to fight in order to get along. My best friend, Cynthia, whom I could not have made it through the past couple years without having her to vent to. My son, John, who has taught me it is ok not to be perfect and that I can’t control everything. My bonus son, Luis, who lets me be happy mothering him. Last, but not least, my wonderful fiancée, Luis, who accepts me for who I am, inside and out, and supports me in whatever it is I want to do. I love you all!
































Chapter One

They had always been with her for as long as she could remember. As a child, some would hide under her bed, moaning in classic haunt style at 3am. When she was very young, she’d run crying to her mother who would comfort her and chase them away. As she grew, they resorted to lying dormant in her closet until morning when she’d open the door to choose school clothes. The ones who still clung to their sense of humor would actually yell out “Boo!” causing her to let out a startled scream. By this time, though, she was old enough to chase them off herself. 
The older she got, the more refined her ability became. She went from only hearing restless spirits to also knowing where they were and, being able to just look at a house, know whether the owners shared their space with the paranormal. Anna’s ‘normal’ was things moving around or disappearing altogether, hushed voices speaking so quickly it was beyond human understanding.
It wasn’t until grade school that she realized other kids couldn’t hear ghosts. It was openly discussed at home since Anna’s mother, Grace, communicated with the dead as well. Once, Anna shared her talent with some classmates. She’d been teased and bullied every year until her parents began homeschooling her during her sophomore year to end her torment. 
Hers was a lonely life with only her parents and one friend, Becka Kingsley, who had stood up to the bullies for her. And, of course, there were the ghosts. It was only her mother, though, who understood her, seemingly knowing Anna’s feelings before Anna did. 
Grace McCarty could not be described any way better than by her name. She was tall and lean, keeping the dancer’s body of her youth as she matured. Her long dark hair was highlighted with grey. She moved with a fluid form that belied her age of nearly 60. She was the kindest soul Anna had ever known. She had nothing but kind words for whom everyone she spoke, living or dead.
Anna sighed as she looked in the mirror, comparing herself to her mother. She was tall, like Grace, and her hair was so dark it was nearly black, but that was where the similarities ended. Ann turned sideways in the mirror and sucked in her stomach. She placed her arm over her chest and pressed in. “You know,” she said to her Mom who was matching socks on Anna’s bed, “if I had liposuction and a boob reduction, I wouldn’t be half bad.”
She heard her Mom sigh. “There is nothing wrong with you now.”
“Well, nothing that a little therapy wouldn’t fix,” a man’s voice said from the doorway.
Anna’s mother tisked. “Now, dear, be nice.” Anna’s father, James, was the physical opposite of his wife. He was short, rotund, and balding. Anna appreciated that he could find a joke in almost every situation. She often wished she could be more like him, including not being psychic.
“Come on, Gracie. If you don’t hurry, we are going to miss the previews.”
Grace looked at her husband of nearly 35 years. “Are you really insisting that I see a movie called ‘Paranormal Happenings’?”
“Of course,” he replied, grinning. “It’s as close as I am going to get to seeing what you do. It’s either that or rent ‘The Exorcist’.” Grace had a strict rule about no horror movies. She felt spirits got a “bad rap” from Hollywood.
“Seriously, Dad, we don’t deal with demons,” Anna reminded him. 
“Does that mean you are coming with us?” he asked.
“Uh, no. I get enough paranormal happenings as it is. Besides, Becka and I are going to see her grandmother.”
“Anna,” Grace warned, a concerned look on her face. “You shouldn’t go to the nursing home.”
“I already told Becka I would. For some reason, old people creep her out.”
“Yes, but a lot of people die there. Some has dementia that crosses over with them at first. You may be overwhelmed.”
“And besides,” her dad interjected,” you aren’t getting any younger. Thirty two is coming up fast. Shouldn’t you be out on a Wednesday night, enjoying your youth?”
“Gee, thanks, Dad,” Anna sighed and looked back to the mirror. “I think I left my youth a long time ago.”
“Well, just be careful. We’ll be home after the movie. Love you.” Grace kissed Anna on the check then followed James down the hall. 
“Love you guys, too!” Anna called after them. She showered then dressed in jeans and a plain purple blouse before pulling her hair into a ponytail. She walked downstairs to wait for her friend to arrive. She sat down at the piano and looked back over the sheet music she’d been working on. James had insisted that his daughter have something normal in her childhood and made her take piano lessons when she turned five. Anna had loved it. Any spare moment she had was spent composing her own music. She always had a radio on, singing along to every song. Music was her peace. It calmed her nerves and quieted the voices. For some reason, she had found that the ghosts loved music as well. 
Twenty minutes later, Becka bounced into the living room after letting herself in. “Are you ready?” she asked, as she plopped down beside Anna on the piano bench, her long blonde curls bouncing. “What are you working on?”
“Music,” Anna replied.
“Well, duh,” Becka replied, rolling her blue eyes and smiling, dimples in both her cheeks. “You are such a smartass.”
“That’s why you love me,” Anna grinned back.
Becka stood up and straightened her short white skirt and pink blouse. Anna envied her short, waif framed friend. “That, and you are a freak,” Becka teased.
“Ha, ha,” Anna replied, drolly. “Wanna go by yourself?”
“I meant witty personality,” Becka said quickly.
“Much better. Let’s go.”
#
“Thanks for going with me,” Becka said as she and Anna walked out of the house to Becka’s mini-van. “Gene is watching my little angels so I can visit Grandma.” Gene was Becka’s husband of eight years. After several years of trying to conceive, Becka had triplets after in-vitro fertilization, Aiden, Ashley, and Aaron were now three years old. They could all pass for Botticelli cherubs if they could sit still for more than thirty seconds at a time.
“Anytime,” Anna answered as she buckled herself in. “Mom said for me to be careful and Twilight Acres, though.”
“Why?” Becka asked, looking confused. She pulled out into the street but glanced over at Anna. “There is only staff and old people there. Does she think someone will mow you down with a wheelchair?”
	Anna laughed and pictured an old man shaking his fists at her and yelling, “You dang kids!” “No,” she replied. “It isn’t the living residents she was concerned about.”
Becka thought hard for a moment then said, “Oh, that.”
“Yeah, that.”
“I hadn’t even thought about that. We won’t stay too long. I just need to give her a birthday present.”
“No, we’ll stay as long as you want. There can’t be that many there. These people are old. They are expecting to die.”
“Ok, I’ll take your word for it. How’s your job going?”
They spent the rest of the drive catching up on their lives. Anna’s job as a computer programmer was boring most days, but it helped pay the bills since her mom had decided to quit her job and become a medium/psychic for hire full time. Becka was a dental hygienist. The dental office where she worked was more like a soap opera to hear Becka talk about it. 
Soon, Becka parked in front of a large brick building. There were a few elderly residents sitting out front, smoking in the fading sunlight. Anna said hello as they walked up. An elderly gentleman held the door for them as he came out. “Good evening, ladies. Want to sit and enjoy the fresh air with us?” Anna stifled a grin. She couldn’t be so sure the air was too fresh with all the cigarette smoke. Anna shivered and pulled her coat closed. As cold as it was, they were truly dedicated to their addiction. 
“No, thanks,” Becka answered and quickly walked inside.
“Why are you so freaked out? At least they were still breathing,” Anna commented.
“I don’t know,” Becka replied. “They are just so…I don’t know…wrinkly and smell funny.”
“You realize you will be old one day, right?”
“Shut up,” Becka said, sharply. “I will not. I intend to Botox every inch of my body if I have to.”
Anna laughed and looked around as they walked down a long hallway. There were times she wished she could see spirits instead of just hear and sense them. This was one of those times. She could feel them, sense their presences, and she hated when there were a lot of them. She couldn’t individualize them until they spoke. 
And there was definitely more here than she thought there would be. She felt their curiosity about her, their hesitation to approach her. Anna had to admit that she was nervous. She normally avoided places where she felt death lingered. Hospitals; where people die suddenly, funeral homes; where families’ grief held spirits back from moving on, and cemeteries; those just plain frightened her. Anna mentally added nursing homes to her list of places to avoid in the future.
Her theory of old people are ready to die and wouldn’t hang around was shot when three voices immediately assaulted her. Their sudden please of “Help me”, “Where am I?”, and “What happened?” made Anna catch her breath. 
Becka looked back and seen the strain on Anna’s face. “You ok?”
“Yeah, I’ll be fine. Which room is your Grandmother in?”
“406.” Becka took off again down a side hall.
“Ok,” Anna whispered, slowing her steps to put some distance between her and Becka. “I hear you, calm down.”
“Oh, thank the Lord,” one woman’s voice wailed. Four more voices joined the first three adding to the din only Anna could hear. “If you don’t quiet down, I can’t help any of you.” One of the voices actually shushed the others. 
A man’s shaky voice asked, “What’s going on?”
Anna never liked informing a ghost it was dead. Some got angry with denial. It took a lot longer to cross those over. “You are still at Twilight Acres, but,” Anna hesitated, “you have died.” Some of the voices started to weep again. Another woman said, “Well, finally!” Anna laughed out loud. Becka turned around, but Anna just shook her head at her. 
Becka turned into room 406. Anna stopped just outside the door. “Ok, listen. I don’t normally do this in such a rushed fashion or with such a large group, but here it is. Your life is over and now it is time to move on to the next phase.”
“But, I am not ready,” one man said.
“You were 97 years old, Edward. How much longer did you want to stay around?” another voice asked. The voices started arguing with each other. Anna’s head started to hurt.
“Enough!” Anna said firmly. An orderly walked by and looked strangely at Anna before quickly walking away. “Short and sweet, remember? Who here has seen that television show where the ghosts cross over into a white light? ‘Cause that is pretty much how it goes. The light is the portal to Heaven or Paradise or the Great Beyond, whatever you call it. Do you see it?” There was total silence. “Speak up because I can’t see you.”
“I see my husband and parents,” one woman sobbed.
“Go to them. They are waiting to take you over. Everyone go.” A few moments of silence again. “Hello?” More silence. Anna let out a sigh of relief and started into Becka’s grandmother’s room. “Hello? Where am I?” Anna continued walking.



CHAPTER 2

“You’re quiet,” Becka observed on the drive back.
“I don’t think it’s anything you want to talk about,” Anna said, staring out the window.
Becka didn’t reply for several moments. “You know, just because I don’t ask about what you do doesn’t mean you can’t talk about it. I just know you wish you were normal so I try to be a normal friend. But I am your friend, normal or otherwise.”
Anna turned and smiled at her friend. “Thanks for not ending that with ‘paranormal’. It is just that I was so overwhelmed tonight. One soul would go then three more take its place. By the time we left, my head was spinning, but I still feel so bad for not helping more.”
“I would not have thought so many would still be hanging around.”
“Me either,” Anna admitted. “Some had gotten so used to being there, they didn’t know there was another option. Some were new but didn’t know who they were, where they were, or anything. This is definitely an experience I don’t wish to have again for a long while.”
“Just think of the positives,” Becka encouraged. “You helped a lot of them leave and be happy and at peace.”
“You’re right. I need to relax and be more positive.” Anna sat back in her seat. She started to breathe easier until they neared her house. A police cruiser was in the driveway. Two officers stood near the hood of the car watching as Becka pulled up.
“What are the police doing here?” Becka asked as she parked beside the police.
Anna’s whole body went cold. Dread lodged in the pit of her stomach. This was not good. She got out slowly and approached the uniformed men.
“Are you Miss McCarty?” one asked her.
She nodded slightly. “What’s wrong?”
“Are your parents James and Grace McCarty?” Anna’s knees felt weak. She wasn’t sure how much longer she’d be able to stand on her own. She nodded. “Ma’am, I am so sorry to have to tell you. Earlier this evening, there was an accident.” 
Anna didn’t hear anything else. Her mother’s soft voice spoke in her ear. “Don’t be afraid, sweetheart. Everything will be ok.”
Tears welled up in her eyes as she fell to her knees. Bits of what the officer said reached her. “Drunk driver…head on…died instantly.” Becka sat down beside Anna, her own face flooded with tears. “Oh, Anna, I am so sorry.” She grabbed Anna and pulled her into a hug. Becka sobbed.
Grace continued to talk to Anna through her shock. “Your Dad saw the headlights and swerved, but we were hit. We felt no pain, and we did not suffer. It was over very quickly.”
“Where’s Dad?” Anna whispered.
“He crossed. He is waiting for me. He knew I had to come to you, to say goodbye, and tell you that he and I are ok. But I have to go now.”
	“No!” Anna cried out. She let Becka rock her. “Please, don’t leave me!”
	Becka replied, thinking Anna was talking to her. “I am right here. I promise I won’t leave you.”
	“My sweet Anna,” her mother continued, “this is the way it was supposed to be. Everything happens for a reason even though we don’t always understand why. I promise that you will be ok. It hurts now, but the pain will fade with time. I will be waiting for you when it is your time. Your father and I love you more than life itself. You have always been our greatest joy, and we are so proud of you. Live your life and follow your dreams. Embrace your gift, Anna. I love you, sweetheart. Goodbye.”
	“I love you, too, Mom.” She felt her mother’s presence fade.
					              #
	The next few days passed in a blur. Anna could remember making the funeral arrangements and two days later attending the double funeral. In very Southern tradition, people she barely knew brought more food than she’d eat in 6 months to her home. Unable to bear being alone in the house, she spent nights with Becka and Gene, but she knew she would eventually have to be by herself. After a couple weeks, she carried her bags into the empty house.
	She sat down at the piano, her sheet music still on the exact page she’d left it on when Becka had come in to go to the nursing home. She touched one key and listened as the note echoed.



CHAPTER 3

	As hard as it was, life did go on. Anna hired an attorney to deal with the trial of the drunk driver and to take care of any financial retributions and insurance company settlements. She returned to work, filling her days with computer programs. At night, she’d watch television then read until she fell asleep. She took long walks on the weekends.
	The first ghost to approach her after her parents’ death came on one of those walks. He was a middle aged man by the sound of his voice. At first, Anna wanted to ignore him as she walked under the large maple trees.
	“You look sad,” he persisted.
	“You are pretty observant for a dead guy,” she replied, not slowing her walk.
	“Not much else to do but be observant from this side.”
	“I suppose not,” she replied.
	“I see you here a lot,” he continued, following along beside her.
	“You got a point?”
	“Not really. Just thought you needed someone to talk to.”
	She stopped and looked around. “Do you want something? Want to move on but can’t?”
	“No,” he replied, “and yes. You can’t do anything for me. The man who murdered me is on trial. I am sticking around to make sure he gets convicted. And if not, I am going to haunt him till he is insane.” Anna smiled. “Ha! I knew you could smile.”
	She started walking again. “That sounded like something my dad would have said.”
	“He must have been a genius, too.”
	Anna did laugh at that. “Wow, aren’t we full of ourselves.”
	“Why not? Who’s going to argue with me?”
	“Not me.” Anna came to the end of the block and turned left to go home.
	“End of the road for me,” her ghost friend said. “I stay in the park where I died.”
	“Thanks for talking to me,” Anna said, and she found that she was surprised she meant it.
	Over the next couple months, George would walk and talk with Anna as she strolled through the park. She kept up with the trial of his accused murderer and gave him the details. When the man was found guilty and given life without parole, Anna know it was time for George to leave.
	“Thank you,” Anna told him on that last day. “You helped me more than you realize.”
	“No thanks necessary,” George replied. “Be strong, Anna. I’ll tell your parents hi for you.” She was sad to have him go, but was happy to find she could handle the emotions without breaking down.

CHAPTER 4

	Six months passed quicker than she thought possible. Summer turned into fall. She went with Becka and her kids trick-or-treating at Halloween. She spent Thanksgiving and then Christmas and New Year’s with her best friend’s family. She missed her parents terribly, but she was beginning to feel normal again.
	Becka met Anna for lunch on a cold January day. “Oh my gosh! It is freezing!” Becka exclaimed as she ran into Bobby’s Burgers and Grill. Anna followed, smiling at Becka as she shook the snow from her hair.
	“Imagine that,” Anna teased, “It’s cold in the mountains of North Carolina in the winter.”
	“Oh, shut up,” Becka sniffed. “Two,” she informed the hostess.
	They both sat down in a booth and ordered drinks and burgers. “How is everything at work?” Anna asked. 
	“Slow. To be honest, I am getting bored.”
	“Yeah, normally plaque can be so exciting.”
	Anna’s sarcasm was lost on Becka. “Ever since the boss man implemented his ‘No dating co-workers’ policy, the drama has been near zero.”
	Anna laughed. “Most people would consider that a pro instead of a con.”
	“Well, yeah,” Becka looked a little abashed. “How are things with you? How’s the ghost busting?”
	Anna rolled her eyes. “One family calls me to get rid of one ghost and now I am a ghost buster? I knew I shouldn’t have told you.”
	“You know you had to tell me, and you knew I would tease you about it.”
	“That’s true. The teasing part anyway. You want an exact count or an average?”
	“Average is fine,” Becka said, nonchalantly, picking at the basket of bread on the table.
	“In the past three months, an average of about 5 a month.”
	“Not too shabby.”
	“Compared to what?” Anna exclaimed.
	Becka laughed. “I don’t know. I am making it up as I go along. How is work work?”
	“Work work is…work,” Anna replied.
	“You don’t sound too enthused,” Becka observed.
	“I guess I am bored, too.”
	“Why don’t you change jobs?”
	Anna had thought about doing just that lately…a lot in fact. “And do what? Not exactly a lot of opportunities here.”
	“You could always move. You should do something with your music.”
	“Like what?”
	“Who knows? Go crazy! Start a band, buy a karaoke bar, the choices are limitless. You’re young and free. Go with the flow, grasshopper.” Anna again laughed at Becka, but the idea appealed to her. She had been playing a lot more lately. It was her only comfort. Someone behind the bar turned up the volume on the television. A commercial for acne cream came on. “Ugh,” Becka said, grimacing. “Who makes up these commercials? They are terrible.” Her eyes lit up. “Do you remember when we were little and when songs came on the radio, we’d make up our own lyrics?”
	Anna grinned. “Like ‘Papa, Don’t Screech’? Or “La Bambi’?”
	Becka laughed loudly. “My favorite was ‘Addicted to Gloves’. You made up an entire song about some dude that was a germaphobe.”
	“I think the politically correct term is obsessive compulsive.”
	“Whatever. My point is, you could do that.”
	“Make up lyrics to 80’s songs?”
	“No,” Becka said. “Make up lyrics and music for commercials. We did that, too. Remember the ‘My Buddy’ and ‘Kid Sister’ fiasco?”
	“I was grounded for a week after singing that in front of Mom and Dad,” Anna remembered.
	“Well, it was kind of perverted for an 8 year old to come up with it. But it proves you were creative even then. I know you could do better than anything on TV now. There are millions of dollars spent on advertising every year. Why not at least try? If it doesn’t work out, you’ll always have the karaoke bar. I’ll be your headliner.”
	Anna laughed as the waitress brought their food. Becka started talking about her kids as they ate, but Anna had a hard time focusing. Her mind was spinning with ideas and questions and excitement.
	When Anna got home, she went to her father’s office. She sat at his desk and ran her hands over the drawers and shelves. She smiled as she remembered him sitting here writing out bills or emailing family. She pulled open the top right drawer and retrieved an envelope from Huskie’s Insurance Company. It was in the exact same spot she had put it the day the check had arrived in the mail. That had been eight months ago. Since the other driver had been at fault, his insurance had paid to cover the funeral and pay off the mortgage. She had no need to cash in the life insurance policies. Anna hadn’t been able to bring herself to open the envelope, much less take it to the bank. It was the final act of her accepting they were truly gone.
	Anna had to accept the finality now. She remembered her Mother’s final words: “Follow your dreams.” She opened the envelope. She gasped as she held two checks, her hands shaking. One was for James McCarty, the other for Grace McCarty. Each was in the amount of $750,000.
	“One and a half million?” She sat back in the desk chair, stunned, staring at the checks, barely breathing.
	Once her breathing slowed and the shock wore off, her mind started to race. She spent the next several hours researching online. When she started to get sleepy, she started to shut the laptop down. She hesitated and did one last search for apartments for rent in Southern California.



CHAPTER 5

	“California.” Becka said for the umpteenth time. “You are moving to California.”
	“Yes,” Anna replied. She held her breath as she and Becka covered the last of the furniture with white bed sheets in her parents’ house. –My house- she corrected herself, but she knew she’d always consider it her parents’.
	“I can’t believe you are going,” Becka said.
	Anna looked at her incredulously. “This was your idea.”
	“When I said move, I meant to Charlotte or maybe Nashville. Not across the country.”
	“Yeah, there is a huge market for commercial jingles in Tennessee, Beck,” Anna replied, sarcastically. They had walked outside while talking. Anna stuffed the last bag into her Jeep Grand Cherokee. She had traded in her older model Wrangler and her mom’s Toyota that had sat in the garage since the accident for a larger, new vehicle that would get her cross country. Anna was terrified of flying and refused to even entertain that notion. Driving was the only option. 
	“I can’t believe you rented an apartment without seeing it first, either,” Becka continued.
	“If you don’t stop, I am going to change my mind about going,” Anna replied, exasperated. 
	Becka smiled, weakly. “You’re right. I am sorry. I am excited for you, really I am.”
	“And besides, the landlord sent me multiple pictures of each room. It is furnished with nearly new furniture. And it was cheaper than anything in a 50 mile radius. And it’s on the beach…sort of.”
	“What’s wrong with it?”
	Anna hesitated then sighed. “I don’t know. Maybe with the economy in the can they are just needing someone…anyone to rent it.”
	“Or they just want to take advantage of a sweet, naïve, southern girl who has never been out on her own.”
	“Becka!”
	“Sorry, sorry,” Becka threw her hands up in the air. “Either way, I am taking a week off in May to come stay with you.”
	“I hope so.”
	“I can’t believe you are moving today of all days.”
	Anna looked up at the two story house where she had spent her entire life. For the first two hours after she had woken up, she had lain in bed and cried. Today was the one year anniversary of her parents’ death. “It is kind of poetic, I think. I start a new life on the day that marks the end of theirs. Dad would find it morbidly amusing.”
	“He found everything amusing,” Becka sniffed, trying not to cry. Anna sometimes forgot she had been very close to James and Grace, too. They had been like her own parents since Becka had practically grew up in the same house with Anna. “Have your other worldly friends been notified?”	
	Anna laughed. “It’s been quiet for a couple of weeks, so no one to notify. It’s weird. Even my dreams are not as vivid.” Anna’s dreams had been a huge joy for Grace. She had often told her daughter she wished that she had that ability. When Anna dreamed, she saw the future; a Foreseer, her mom called her. Most of the time it was good: babies, new loves, marriages. Sometimes, though, it was not so good: murders, plane crashes, suicides. No matter the dream, they were always very emotional for Anna. She always woke up crying. 
	Anna shook her head to bring herself back to the present. She shut the doors on the Jeep then went back to the front door of the house. She opened the door, stood in the foyer, whispered a quiet “Goodbye”, and then went back outside, closing the locked door behind her. She gave Becka copies of the door keys. Becka and Gene had agreed to keep a watch over things. Becka was crying but trying to smile and act happy. Anna pulled her into a hug. “The lease is for six months, Beck. If it doesn’t work out, I’ll be back.”
	“And I’ll see you in a couple months in May,” Becka replied, wiping her eyes. “And I am going to call you every single day.”
	“I am counting on it.” One last hug and Anna climbed into her fully packed truck and backed out of the driveway, making herself not look back as she drove away.
						#
	Anna took her time driving across country. Every roadside attraction that caught her eye, she stopped. She took lots of photographs and uploaded them to her computer every night. She emailed every photo to Becka.
	She arrived in California eight days later. She had phoned Mr. Cooper, the landlord, the night before. He met her in the parking lot of the Villa Apartments. The building was older, probably built in the early 1960’s. It was two stories, housing only eight apartments; four in the front, four in the back. 
	Mr. Cooper was a short, lean man in his late 50’s. His skin was dark and leathery from too much sun for too many years. His eyes crinkled behind round glasses when he smiled at Anna as she got out of her Jeep. “Mrs. McCarty?”
	“Miss,” Anna corrected as she shook his hand. “Or better yet, Anna.”
	“Ok, Anna. It is wonderful to finally meet you in person. I guess you would like to see the apartment now?”
	“Sure.” Anna grabbed her purse and locked her car door. She followed Mr. Cooper up a set of stairs that crossed in front of the 1A apartment on the bottom floor. He stopped at the top in front of a door directly in front of him. There was a faded 2A at the top of the doorframe.
	He unlocked the door and held it open for her. As she walked in, she got chills. It was near freezing in comparison to the 75 degrees outside. Mr. Cooper looked at the thermostat on the wall and frowned. “Who turned this down to 55?” He shook his head and pushed it up to 70. “You can set that at whatever you want. I am used to the heat.”
	Anna laughed. “When I talked to my best friend last night, it was snowing back home.”
	Mr. Cooper grinned. “I love to hear you talk.”	
	Anna smiled back and walked past him into the hall. The hallway was in the shape of a capital L with the front door and entryway being the short leg. As she walked in, the bedroom was on her left, followed by the kitchen on her right, bathroom on the left, then living room on the right. The rooms were not directly across from each other, rather they were somewhat staggered. At the end of the hall was a closet. Anna walked into the kitchen and felt around on the wall till she switched on the lights. The kitchen was connected to the living room by an open doorway and a half wall separating the two rooms. The room was completely upgraded with new appliances, counter top, linoleum, and dishwasher. Anna was amazed.
	She walked into the living room. New carpet, sofa and love seat, coffee and end tables, and even a large flat screen TV sat dusty, untouched for months. She walked into the hall and peeked into the smaller bathroom. A few steps back up was the bedroom. It, like the rest of the apartment was fully furnished, having a bed, two nightstands, bureau, and wardrobe. Anna’s breath caught as she looked out the windows. The wall was made up mostly of three long paned windows. Anna had a floor to ceiling view of the ocean.
	“Ok,” Anna said, facing the landlord. “What’s the catch?”
	He feigned innocence, badly. “What do you mean?”
	“This is nicer than the pictures you sent. It is near the beach, and less than half cost of any other rental, including others of yours. What is it? Toxic mold? Chronic neighborhood muggings?”
	“No, it’s nothing like that.” Mr. Cooper looked around as if someone else could overhear. He continued in a whisper. “Previous tenants have said it’s…haunted. My last couple left in the middle of the night after calling the police. They refused to take their belongings with them, afraid that the ‘ghosts’ would follow them. After the neighbors saw them run screaming from here, and the police lights flashing at 4 am, I can’t rent it to anyone local. I had to hire out of town movers to come and remove their clothing and pictures.”
	“So you thought you could pull one over on an innocent, ignorant girl?” –Or however Becka had phrased that- Anna thought.
	“No, not at all.” Anna arched her eyebrows. “Well, I didn’t think of it exactly like that. Are you saying you won’t take it?”
	Anna walked slowly back to the living room. She slightly tilted her head. She felt nothing. No tickling in her mind that alerted her to any supernatural sources. No voices, not even the ones she couldn’t understand. Whatever had been there was gone now. “No, I’ll take it. Ghost stories don’t scare me.”
	“Good.” Mr. Cooper handed her the keys. “I’ll cash your check on Monday. Here is the list for the local power and phone companies. I’ll leave everything on in my name until Wednesday to give you a chance to switch them. Do you need any help unloading your things?”
	Anna could tell he was anxious to leave. “No, thanks. I can manage.”
	He looked relieved. “Ok. You have my phone number if you need anything.” He quickly left the apartment. Anna walked slowly through the rooms again, even looking in the closets. She laughed at herself when she checked under the bed then went to unload her truck.
	She drove to a small grocery store she had passed on the way in and stocked up on groceries and cleaning supplies. The cashier was a young woman with bright pink hair and more piercings than Anna knew one person could have. She handed Anna back her change. “Thank you,” Anna replied.
	The girl’s entire face lit up. “Wow, where are you from?”
	“Not here,” Anna laughed as she picked up her bags. She drove back to the apartment.    –Home- she corrected herself. As she pulled into the parking lot, she saw two women standing at the bottom of the stairs. She got out and gathered an armful of bags. One woman stopped her. “Let me help,” she offered, taking a bag from Anna. Her friend took another bag.
	“Thank you,” Anna said. “I have walked up and down these stairs a hundred times today.”	
	“What a cute accent!” the second girl exclaimed.
	“Thanks,” Anna replied, already tiring over everyone’s amusement of her drawl. She opened her apartment door and took a step inside. The two women hesitated. “Let me go put these down, and I’ll come back and get those.”
	“No,” the first girl said, walking in. “We are neighbors. We can at least act neighborly.”
	They followed Anna into the kitchen and placed the bags on the table. “Thanks.” She offered her hand. “I am Anna.”
	“Tomi,” the first girl replied, shaking her hand. When her friend continued to look around, Tomi nudged her.
	“Oh, sorry. I am Cynthia.”
	Tomi and Cynthia were roommates in one of the apartments downstairs and around back. They had been watching for Anna’s next door neighbor. “We call him Mr. Body,” Tomi grinned. “He moved in about 9 months ago, but we haven’t been able to officially meet him.”	
	“He just won the SoCal Amateur Male Body Builder of the Year last month. And he is a cop,” Cynthia added.
	“She has a thing for uniforms,” Tomi supplied.
	“I do not!” Cynthia cried out, her face turning red from embarrassment. 
	“Oh, please. You chased the FedEx guy for two blocks last week.”
	“I just wanted to see if he’d lick my stamp,” Cynthia replied innocently.
	Anna laughed loudly. “You know a lot about my neighbor for never having met him.”
	“We have our sources,” Tomi said, mysteriously. “So, what’s your story? How did you end up with spooky 2A?”
	Anna studied Tomi as she thought about how to answer her. She was the shortest of the three of them. Her long bobbed hair looked black but was really red when the light hit it just right. Anna thought she was a little younger than herself, maybe late 20s, but there was wisdom in her brown eyes that spoke of more than one lifetime of pain.
	“I am a musician. I figured I would have better luck here than back east.”
	“Oh, what kind of musician?” Cynthia asked. She was slightly taller than Tomi, but shorter than Anna. Her shoulder length blonde hair had several shades of brown streaking it. Her eyes were a shade of blue Anna was pretty sure wasn’t natural, suspecting contacts. Cynthia was bubbly and everything seemed to make her giggle. She was the opposite of Tomi’s calm demeanor. Both women were dressed as if they had been going out before stopping to help. 
	“I compose a lot of my own music,” Anna answered. “Actually, I need to buy a small piano so I can get to work.”
	“There is a music store down beside Misario’s,” Tomi offered. Anna just shook her head, confused. “Guess you don’t know where that is. If you want, I could take you Monday after work.”
	“That’d be great,” Anna smiled. “What do you do?”
	“I am an investigator reporter for the Huntington News. Cynthia is the editor of the Daily Living section.”
	“I am impressed,” Anna replied.
	Cynthia had gone back to looking all around her. “So, you aren’t afraid to be in a haunted house?”
	“Not really,” Anna answered. “It has been pretty quiet so far. I am pretty sure there isn’t anything here but the three of us.” At that moment, one of the bags that had been sitting on the edge of the table fell to the floor. All three women jumped, then laughed. “Ok, so if I am haunted, the ghost has something against 10,000 Flushes.” As she reached down to pick up the bag, something tickled the back of her mind for an instant, then was gone. 
	“Hey,” Tomi interjected. “Why don’t you come with us? Friday night is Ladies’ Night at Paramours.”
	“What is Paramours?” Anna asked.
	“We go a couple nights a month to dance, let guys buy us a drink, blow off steam,” Cynthia explained.
	“Maybe next time,” Anna replied slowly. “I’ve been driving for a week. I need to at least put away food and unpack a few clothes.”
	“Ok,” Tomi replied. She grabbed a receipt from one of the bags and got a pen out of her purse. “Here is mine and Cynthia’s cell phone numbers. I am guessing you don’t have any friends out here?” Anna shook her head. “Well, you do now. When you go around the building, we are the first door.”
	Anna almost got choked up. “Thank you.” No one, except Becka, had ever offered to be her friend. Of course, they may not be so quick to offer their friendship if they knew about her paranormal ability. “Be careful,” she told them as they left. She watched them walk to a bright yellow, new Mustang convertible. –I bet that’s Cynthia’s- Anna smiled as Cynthia dug keys out of her purse and turned off the car alarm. Anna shut the door as they drove away.
	Anna started her evening off by cleaning the kitchen and putting away her groceries. She ate a ham sandwich as she walked through her home. Whoever had lived there before her had even left the washer and dryer. Anna poked around in the closet at the end of the hall and discovered towels, washcloths, sheets, blankets, and even a pillow all neatly folded on the shelves. Anna pulled them all out and washed them. As she shut the washer lid, she turned and noticed a vacuum behind the door of the bathroom. “Wow, they did leave in a hurry,” she said a loud to herself.
	Suddenly, she heard a crinkling sound in the kitchen. She walked in and looked around. Nothing was amiss. Her eyes landed on the trashcan just as the sound came again. It was the shopping bags settling in the trash. She almost laughed. “Ok, time to turn on the TV for some noise.”
	Anna wasn’t in any particular mood as far as shows went. She flipped through and landed on the cartoon channel. She drug out the vacuum and spent twenty minutes trying to figure out how the hose attachment worked. She cleaned the dust off the couch and loveseat as Spongebob Squarepants chased jellyfish with Patrick on the screen.
	When she sat down on the couch to rest, the washer stopped. She sighed and got up to put the sheets in the dryer. After sleeping in motels for the past several nights, she was determined to have a clean, fresh bed tonight. She put some of her clothes away as the sheets dried. She made her bed and went into the bathroom to change into her pajamas. It was only 8:15 pm, but Anna was exhausted.
	She went through the apartment, double checking the door and windows. She looked out the window of the bedroom and watched the sun set on the ocean. Maybe this wasn’t the biggest mistake of her life. She lay down and closed her eyes. As she fell asleep, she thought she heard someone say, “Well, hello there.”




CHAPTER 6

	Anna woke up completely rested. She hadn’t slept that soundly in over a year. She reached over to get her phone, but it wasn’t on the nightstand. She got up and went to the bathroom. She splashed water on her face and went to the kitchen. She opened the fridge to get the butter after putting bread in the toaster. She froze with her hand in the air. Her cell phone was sitting on the top shelf beside the milk. 
	She picked it up and shook her head. She must have been more tired than she thought last night. She must have left it there when she was putting the groceries away. She checked the time. “Oh my gosh, it is nearly 10 am!” she said, out loud. She also had two missed calls. She hit redial.
	“Where have you been?” Becka asked after she picked up on the first ring.
	“Good morning to you, too, sunshine.” Anna poured a glass of milk and buttered her toast.
	“I have been worried sick.”
	“Geesh, Beck, I was asleep.”
	“You didn’t even hear the phone ring?”
	“Well,” Anna said, sheepishly, knowing Becka was going to make fun of her. “It was in the fridge.”
	There was a moment of silence before Becka burst out laughing. “Seriously? Now I AM worried.”	
	“I was tired. I barely remember anything past 7:30 last night.”
	“You sound happy,” Becka observed. “No dreams last night?”
	Anna thought. “No, nothing. I was so tired. I think I feel asleep before my head hit the pillow. I was too tired to dream, or at least too tired to remember it.” Anna looked at the table and frowned. Where was the receipt with Tomi and Cynthia’s numbers? She looked under the table and in the seats of the two chairs. It was gone.
	“Are you listening to me?” Becka asked.
	“Sorry, I was looking for something.”
	“Something else misplaced? Your new place haunted?”
	Anna frowned. “So they say.”
	“Really? Have you heard anyone? Been visited?”
	“No,” Anna replied. “It isn’t haunted. I haven’t heard or felt anyone. Usually I am hit up first thing.” She looked through the drawers. “I was just so tired last night I must have put it up and now can’t remember where.”
	“What are you looking for?”
	“Phone numbers?”
	“Ooooh,” Becka said. Anna sighed and rolled her eyes, knowing what was coming next. “You met someone already?”
	“Not the way you are hoping. A couple of neighbors helped me carry groceries in…FEMALE neighbors.” Anna started the coffee pot and got out a mug.	
	“Oh well,” Becka sounded disappointed.
	“I have been single for a long time, Beck.” Anna took a breath to go on and in that split second she heard a whisper ~Good~. Anna stopped breathing. She looked around the kitchen and closed her eyes. Still, she felt nothing.
	“I know,” Becka continued. “That’s why I want you meet someone nice.”
	Anna heard a distant police siren and a scream followed by gun shots. –Neighbor’s TV- she thought. “I am in the land of plastic surgery and beach bodies. Trust me, if I couldn’t find anyone back home, I sure won’t find anyone here.” Anna’s phone started beeping for low battery. “Becks, I gotta go. The phone didn’t charge too well last night in the fridge.”
	Becka laughed. “Ok, but call me later.”
	“Will do. Bye.” Anna took her phone to the bedroom and plugged it into the charger. “Stay,” she told it jokingly. She went back to the kitchen and poured a cup of coffee. She didn’t feel like watching TV so she walked out the front door to see the ocean.
	She watched in silence, listening to the sounds of waves crashing, cars driving by, and music blaring from open windows. “Hello.” A man’s voice interrupted her momentary tranquility. Startled, she jumped, nearly spilling her coffee. “Oh, I am sorry. I didn’t mean to scare you.” Anna turned and went speechless. –Perfection in human form- she thought.
	“Hi,” she finally managed to get out.
	After a few moments of awkward silence, he offered, “I am Jonah.”
	She shook his outstretched hand. “Anna.”
	“Beautiful name,” he smiled. 
	Anna just grinned, stupidly. He was the best looking man she’d seen in a long, long time. –Ever- He was tall, 6 foot 3 inches at least, tan, and very muscular. At the moment, he was only clothed in long white shorts. His black hair was cut short and was still wet from the ocean. His eyes were a green or light hazel color. Anna couldn’t decide which.
	And he stood there, smiling at her. Suddenly, she became very self-conscious. She still had on her Tweety Bird pajama pants with matching yellow tank top that was a big snug over her chest. “Is it normally so beautiful?” she asked, knowing it was a stupid question before it was completely out of her mouth. The neighbor’s TV decided at that exact moment to have a laugh track.
	Jonah grinned even more. “Even more so before noon,” he teased. Anna blushed. “But I know you spent a lot of energy moving, so I’ll forgive you…this time.”
	“Thanks,” she replied wryly. “I appreciate it.”
	“It was wonderful to meet you, Anna. I gotta run grab a shower and get to work.” –Thanks for that mental image- Anna thought. “I hope to see you again soon.” He turned and walked to his apartment. He gave her another smile before he went in.
	Anna let go of the breath she didn’t know she was holding. She fought the urge to run in and call Becka. “Oh my gosh, was that him?” Cynthia’s voice whispered loudly as she came up the stairs to Anna.
	“If you mean my super-hot neighbor, Jonah, then yeah, it was.” She tore her eyes from his door. “You want some coffee?”
	“Sure. I have time for a cup.”
	Anna and Cynthia went into the kitchen. Anna got a cup down and handed it to her new friend. “Milk and sugar is in the fridge.” As Cynthia fixed her mug, Anna sat down at the table. She stopped breathing for the second time in five minutes. This time for a completely different reason. In the exact middle of the table was the receipt with the phone numbers on the back.
	Cynthia sat down across from Anna. “You ok?”
	“Yeah, fine. How did it go last night?”
	“It was ok. I think I am getting old. It was too loud.” Anna laughed. “What are you doing today?”
	“I am going to finish cleaning, I suppose.”
	“Let’s go out to eat tonight. You’ll be done by seven, won’t you?”
	Anna was more of a homebody, but Cynthia looked so hopeful so she replied, “Okay.”
	“Yay! Where do you want to go?”
	Anna just looked at her. “I don’t know?”
	“Oh yeah, forgot. I’ll make reservations.” Cynthia jumped up. “I’ll be back around 6.” She put her cup in the sink and almost ran to the door she was so excited. “We’ll have a lot of fun. I promise.”
	Anna shook her head as she locked the front door behind her. As she walked back down the hall, she saw Jonah pass by in front of her bedroom window in his uniform. –Damn- she thought, lustfully. –Note to self: buy some curtains-
	Anna spent the rest of the day dusting and cleaning. She had retrieved her phone when it was fully charged and put Tomi’s and Cynthia’s numbers in it and threw the paper away.
	She gathered her clothes and went to the bathroom to shower. She paused just inside the door, then said out loud, “If there is someone here, when this door is closed, you do not come in. You respect me, I’ll respect you.” She paused but still felt nothing. She closed the door.



CHAPTER 7

	There was a knock at the front door at five till six. Anna slipped on her sandals and answered the door. Tomi and Cynthia stood, smiling at her, both immaculately dressed. Anna wished she’d picked out something nicer than a brown skirt and cream colored blouse. She wished she put more effort with her hair, too.
	“You ready?” Tomi asked.
	“As I’ll ever be,” Anna replied, grabbing her keys and phone and purse. As she closed the door behind her, she whispered into the darkness, “Don’t move anything around while I am gone, please.”
	“Did you say something?” Cynthia asked.
	“No,” Anna lied.
	Anna’s new friends took her to a local Mexican restaurant. Anna laughed and told stories of her childhood, ones that didn’t involve ghosts, and drank a few margaritas. By 10 pm, Anna was feeling nothing. “I have never drank much,” she slurred to Tomi and Cynthia from the back of Tomi’s black Chevy Tahoe.
	“Nah, really?” Tomi teased.
	Anna giggled and couldn’t stop as they pulled into their parking lot. Her friends helped her into her apartment. Cynthia dug around in her purse and then handed a bottle of aspirin to Anna. “Here, take a couple of these and drink a bottle of water before you go to sleep.”
	Anna opened the bottle and popped a couple pills into her mouth. “Thanks.” She was nearly asleep standing up. She locked the door behind them, then went to the bedroom and fell onto her bed.
#
	She came awake to the sun nearly blinding her. Her mouth was as dry as a desert. She moaned and turned her head over and looked at her nightstand, then paused. There was a full glass of water. She had been drunk, but she knew she had not put that there. She sat up slowly and reached out for the glass. It was ice cold. She drank it. “Thank you,” she said loudly. She gathered her clothes and went into the bathroom. She showered, dressed, and went in search of more medicine for her pounding headache. She found her bottle in the kitchen cabinet and took two more. She got her phone out of her purse and went to the living room. She tried to call Becka, but as soon as she answered, one of her kids started crying, and she had to hang up.
	Anna sat on her couch and looked around. Nothing was out of place. “In case you don’t know,” she said to the seemingly empty space, “I can hear you, if you want to talk to me.” There was no response. “I have been able to hear people…in your unique situation since I was little. It runs in my family.” There was still no verbal response, but Anna felt that tingling that signaled she wasn’t alone. “Come on. When was the last time anyone from this side talked to you?”
	“A while,” a man’s voice finally said. “Can you see me?”
	“No.” He remained quiet, but Anna knew he was still there. “Thank you for the water.”
	He laughed low. “You’re welcome. I remember several mornings after partying. It was good your friend gave you something for the headache last night. You’d be worse off now than what you are.”
	-So you were watching me?- “Given the fact it was her that kept ordering the drinks, it was the least she could do.” Anna paused. “How long have you been here?”
	“A few years. I think.” Anna felt his presence sit down beside her on the couch. “You’re the first person who hasn’t been scared shitless. You’re no fun.”
	Anna laughed. “Sorry to ruin your entertainment.”
	“Oh, I haven’t begun to have fun with you, yet.”
	“Really, now?” Anna felt her hand go cold. He was touching her. “I must tell you, where I am from, I am used to the cold, so the touching and the A/C prank set to freezer, not really a bother.”
	The voice laughed again. –He has a sexy voice- she thought. “You have to admit the phone in the refrigerator confused you.”
	“I’ll give you that one. I am Anna, by the way.”
	The voice hesitated. “Nickolas. My friends call me Nick.”
	“Friends?”
	“I am not the only one here. There are two others.” Anna had already felt them but had said nothing.
	“Really, dude?” Another man’s voice, slightly higher pitched than Nick’s, said from the direction of the TV. “Thanks for selling us out.”
	“The rest of us could have tormented her a while longer,” a third voice said from the loveseat.
	“I think the whole ‘scare the living person’ scam was up the second she acknowledged we were here. And she has dealt with the dead, being a psychic for decades.”
	“Hey, now,” Anna interrupted. “Just three…decades. Let’s not make me sound too old. With whom else do I have the pleasure of living?”
	“My name is Rodney,” said the voice from near the TV.
	“Greg,” the voice from the loveseat volunteered. 
	“Anyone interested in moving on?” Anna asked, hopefully.
	“Nope,” Rodney replied.
	“Are you attached to the apartment or something in it?”
	“No,” Nickolas answered. “We pretty much come and go as we please. We sorta ran into each other on this side and found a common interest.”
	“Scaring the snot out of the non-dead?” Anna guessed. 
	“Bingo,” Greg answered.
	“Ok, well, since you aren’t moving on, and I have a six month lease, I’d say we’re stuck together,” Anna informed them. Anna felt a cold breeze go through her hair near her ear. She looked in the direction in which she felt Nick. “I have one main request.”
	“Anything,” Nick answered.
	“Wait a minute,” Rodney interjected. “Why should we be willing to work with you?”
	“Yeah,” Greg agreed. “We could just do what we want, like we have been doing.”
	“Because that would be mean. And I can sense you are not mean,” Anna answered. “Now, all that I ask is that when I am in the bathroom with the door shut, you won’t joining me.”
	“That’s fair enough,” Nick stated.
	“That’s the best fun,” Rodney whined. “You know, turning the shower water blood red, writing on fogged up mirrors.”
	“Wow,” Anna replied. “You watched way too many cheap B horror movies in your life.”
	“Since when did you become so damn agreeable, Nick?” Greg asked.
	“Guys, she knows we are here. Our old tried and true tricks aren’t going to work. She isn’t trying to go all exorcist on us. Let her have some privacy.”
	“Thank you,” Anna said, reaching out a hand to shake his invisible one. For a brief moment her tips went frigid.
	“Just means we’ll have to up our game.”



CHAPTER 8

	Anna didn’t like the sound of that. “I’ve never had roommates before,” Anna confessed to them. “Certainly never dead roommates. Just my parents.”
	“Just be glad we won’t eat up all your food and stay out all hours of the night,” Greg said.
	“That’s always a plus.” Anna walked to the kitchen. She put a frozen waffle in the toaster.
	“You are taking this well,” Rodney said, his presence coming into the kitchen.
	“Yeah, well, with the experiences I’ve had, three young men doesn’t really surprise me.” One of them let out a loud whoop then laughed. “Not like that,” she said, rolling her eyes.
	“How do you know we are young?”
	“Older ghosts don’t tend to play pranks, hide things, try to scare people, etc.” Anna put her waffle on a plate and poured syrup on it. She carried the plate and a glass of milk back to the living room.
	“Have you ever been scared?” Greg asked.
	“Yes, when I was a little girl, and I didn’t expect or understand what was going on.”
	“I smell a challenge,” Greg said sing-song like.
	“No, you don’t.” Anna’s phone rang in the bedroom. She got to it by the third ring. “Hey, Becka,” she answered, walking back to the living room. 
	“Finally got the kids settled down. How are you?”
	“Good. Hung-over,” Anna laughed.
	“What?” Becka exclaimed
	Anna told Becka about going out the night before with Tomi and Cynthia. “It was a lot of fun, I’ll have to admit.”
	“Good. I am glad you are finally living. Apartment still quiet?”
	“Um, not quite,” she answered honestly. Just then either Greg or Rodney, she couldn’t tell which, yelled near her ear, “Hi, Becka!” She closed her eyes against the throb in her head. “She can’t hear you.”
	“Who? Who are you talking to?” Becka asked.
	“The ones who are not quite quiet. One just yelled into the phone.”
	“Oh, ok. That explains the momentary static. Hi, ghost friend.”
	Anna laughed. “Thanks for trying.”
	“Damn,” Greg said. He had a slight accent Anna couldn’t place, but which distinguished him from Rodney. “Your friends don’t scare either?”
	“Becka doesn’t. She grew up with me. She knows all about it and understands.”
	“Ok, the whole three way call with the dead…freaking me out. I’m gonna go. Talk to you later.”	
	“Bye, Becka.” Anna hung up the phone. As soon as she hit end, it rang again. It was Tomi.
	“How are you feeling, senorita?” she laughed.
	“Been better, thanks.”
	Tomi laughed. “But you had fun on your first Saturday night in California, right?”
	“Yes, I did,” Anna smiled. She really had enjoyed herself.
	“Whatcha doing today?”
	Anna laughed. “Not drinking.” Anna heard two of her roommates laugh somewhere in the apartment. She walked to her bedroom. “I need some curtains. Where is a store I can get a few household things?”	
	“Shopping!” Anna heard Cynthia squeal in the background. “Ok,” Tomi said. “We’ll go shopping, but later we are hitting the beach.”
	“Deal,” Anna agreed.
	“Be there in a minute.” Tomi hung up the phone. Anna went to the bathroom to put her hair up, but couldn’t find any clips or rubber bands. She found her brush in the dryer. One of the guys snickered. She thought it was Greg. “Really? So this is what I get to look forward to? Hiding elastic hair bands?”
	“Could have been worse,” Greg’s voice said quietly in her ear. “Could have been your…personal massager.”
	Anna’s face turned bright red. “Ok, rule number two: no touching, moving, or hiding my underwear or other…personal items.”
	Greg just laughed, and she felt his presence leave the bathroom. Tomi knocked on the front door. Anna went to let her in. “I’ll be just a minute. I gotta find something to put my hair up.”
	Tomi stood by the door. “Leave it down,” she said.
	Anna was in the bathroom checking every drawer and crevice. “You look very pretty with your hair down,” a voice said to her. She stopped looking and closed her eyes. He was standing just behind her, to her left.
	“Nick?” she whispered. A cold breeze through her hair startled her.
	“Come on, girl. We are burning daylight!” Tomi yelled.
	Anna laid the brush down and went out to meet Tomi, who was still in the same spot outside the door. “You ok?”
	“Yeah, I guess. It seems…weird in here now.”
	Anna ushered Tomi out. “Don’t worry. It’s nothing that will hurt you.”

#
	Tomi drove the three of them to a chain home furnishing store. Anna and Cynthia shopped for a new comforter and matching curtains. Tomi was unusually quiet.	
	Cynthia saw her cousin and went to speak with her, leaving Tomi and Anna alone, looking at blinds. “Are you sure you are ok?” Anna asked again, walking to the next aisle to pick out an alarm clock.
	Tomi hesitated. “What did you mean when you said there was nothing that would hurt me in your apartment? Is there something there at all?”	Anna hesitated. She didn’t know Tomi well enough to guess what her reaction would be if Anna told her the truth. Would she still want to be friends? Would she call the National Inquirer? Still, she had to tell her something. “Come on, Anna. I don’t want to sound all T.A.P.S. or anything, but I felt something different today. Yesterday, it was normal. Today it was…off.”
	“Would it make a difference if there was something different?”
	“Then you felt it, too? I am not crazy?” Tomi asked, looking worried.
	Anna laughed. “Trust me, you are talking to the one person who isn’t going to think you are crazy.”
	“How do you know?” Tomi persisted.
	Anna took a step toward Tomi, gave up a silent prayer and said, “I’ve talked to them.”
	“Them who?”
	Anna’s heart was racing. She hadn’t told anyone her secret since she was twelve years old. Her then best friend Marcy Whitmore had told everyone in her class that Anna was crazy and a freak. Anna was afraid of how Tomi would react and how this was going to turn. “I don’t normally tell people about this. You are going to think me insane.” Tomi said nothing. The silence urged Anna on. “My mother passed a gift to me. I can communicate with restless spirits who haven’t moved on.”
	Still, Tomi was silent. Anna held her breath until she spoke. “So all the stories about the haunting in your place are true?”
	“Yes.”
	“Aren’t you afraid?”
	Anna smiled. “No. Most of everything that has happened was done as a joke. My
 company tends to have huge senses of humor.”
	“Senses. As in plural.”
	“Three, to be exact.”
	Tomi took a step back. Anna gave her space. She opened her mouth to ask another question, but Cynthia bounced back to them. “Are we ready?” She saw the look on Tomi’s face. “You ok? You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”
	Tomi nearly choked, and Anna laughed. Cynthia looked confused. “I’m fine,” Tomi answered, turning towards the front of the store. “I just want to lay in the sun for a while.”



CHAPTER 9

	Anna purchased a comforter with matching curtains along with window shades and an alarm clock. Tomi was silent on the way home. Cynthia talked about her cousin and her boyfriend. Anna didn’t know what to say to Tomi, if anything.
	She took her things into her apartment and put them on her bed as her phone rang. “Give me fifteen minutes to change and grab a towel and fill the cooler,” Tomi said.
	“Ok.” Anna was a little shocked. If Tomi was going to act like nothing had been revealed in secret, Anna could handle that.
	She found her swimsuit in a box she hadn’t unpacked yet, then located an extra-large beach towel in the closet. She went to the bathroom and changed and took the new bottle of sun block out of the medicine cabinet.
	“Come on!” Anna heard someone yell from the parking lot. She wrapped the towel around her waist and put her sunglasses on, then headed out the door. “Wahoo!” Tomi shouted as she started down the steps. Anna laughed at her enthusiasm. 
	She heard a door open behind her. Jonah came out from his apartment. “Hey,” he called out to her.
	Anna stopped. “Hi,” she replied. She forgot how to breathe. He had on red swimming trunks and a white tee, carrying a towel.
	“Are you heading to the beach, too?” he asked, walking down the steps to join her. “Care if I tag along?”
	Anna’s heart had stopped beating, too. She was sure of it. She just knew she was going to die of a heart attack if some part of her didn’t respond. “Um, sure. Oh, Tomi and Cynthia are…” She turned to look at them standing in the parking lot, waiting, and grinning like idiots.
	Jonah turned toward them as he and Anna reached the bottom. “Mind if I join you, ladies?”
	Cynthia looked at Tomi and shrugged, still smiling. “It’s a free country.”
	He looked to Anna, obviously pleased. “Thanks.”
	They walked through the parking lot and across the road. Anna was very aware of every step she took, knowing Jonah was directly behind her. They got to the packed sand near the water and spread out their towels. Jonah made sure he was next to Anna.
	All three women inhaled sharply as he took his shirt off. “Thank you, Jesus,” Cynthia said under her breath. Anna giggled.
	Jonah smiled at Anna, again. “Here,” he said, reaching for her sunscreen. He stood up and went behind her. He went to his knees as he rubbed the sunscreen onto her back and shoulders. “You are so fair skinned. You will burn easily,” he said close to her ear. Anna seen Tomi and Cynthia out of the corner of her eye. Tomi’s mouth was literally open, and Cynthia had a knowing smile. “Want to go for a swim?” he asked.
	“I-I don’t know how,” she stammered.
	“I’ll teach you,” Jonah replied, pulling Anna to her feet. He rubbed a drop of sunscreen onto her nose and grinned. He took her hand and nodded to her friends. They walked into the waves together.	
	Anna laughed as one broke in front of her, splashing water up to her chin. “I haven’t been in the ocean since I was a girl.”
	“I come out here every morning and swim a few miles,” Jonah volunteered.
	“Miles?” Anna asked. “Well, that explains a lot.”
	“What?”
	Anna started to say “your hot body” but lost her nerve. Jonah smiled as if he knew what she was going to say. He walked the couple steps back to her and took both her hands. “Come on. I won’t let anything happen to you.”
	Anna and Jonah played in the waves. That’s the only way Anna could have described it. They laughed and splashed each other, jumping the waves as they crashed into them. A large wave knocked Anna off her feet and she went under. She started to panic until she felt Jonah put his arms around her to help her up. She broke the surface, coughing.
	“I am so sorry,” Jonah said quickly. “I wasn’t paying attention.”
	Anna caught her breath. “It’s ok, really. No harm done.” She noticed he still had her pressed up against him. She blushed furiously. “Can we go sit down now?”
	He hesitated for a moment then let her go. “Sure.” They walked back to their towels. 
	“Jonah, your beeper thing went off,” Cynthia informed him.	
	He checked the number and grabbed his phone. “Be right back,” he said as he walked a short distance to make a call.
	“O.M.G,” Tomi spelled out.
	“Please just describe how he felt,” Cynthia begged. 
	Anna was never one to be giddy over a guy, but even she had to admit she felt like a teenager with raging hormones. “Who knew that a hottie like that would be a chubby chaser?” she asked.
	Tomi punched her in the arm. “Stop that.”
	Anna closed her eyes. “It felt wonderful, by the way.”
	“Great news,” Jonah said as he approached them. He sat down beside Anna. “I just switched my shift tonight with a buddy of mine for Friday.” He leaned over and said a little quieter. “Got any plans for dinner tonight?” Anna shook her head. “Would you like to join me?”
	“I’d love to.”
	“Great.” He stood up. “I’ll pick you up about six?” Anna nodded, again. “I gotta run call my captain and run a few errands. Ladies,” he nodded to Tomi and Cynthia. “See you later,” he said to Anna.
	“Bye,” Anna replied, watching him as he shook out his towel and left. 
	“I am officially jealous,” Cynthia said.
	“Me, too,” Tomi added.
	“I am SO loving the west coast,” Anna said, laughing with her friends.


	
CHAPTER 10

	They laid in the sun and played in the shallow waves for another hour before going in. Tomi and Cynthia went home, leaving Anna to herself –and my nerves- to get ready.
	She opened her front door and kicked her flip flops off. She walked to her bedroom and stopped and stared. Every article of clothing was strewn across the room. “Normally, this would annoy me,” she said out loud, “but considering this is probably what it would ended up looking like anyway tonight. You just saved me some time going through my wardrobe.”
	Anna heard a loud noise. “That’s the sound of you sucking all the fun out of this,” Greg’s voice came from the top of her drawers. Anna watched as a pair of her panties danced across the room by themselves. “La, la, la, la, la, look at me. I’m all lacey,” Greg’s voice said in a very high pitched voice to imitate a girl. 
	Anna burst out laughing. “Please, don’t let anyone walk by and see that.” She grabbed them out of the air. She rifled through the piles of clothes till she found a strapless bra and green sundress. “You could make yourselves useful and clean his mess up and put up my blinds.”
	“Do we look like handymen?” Rodney asked.
	“You sound like one,” Anna replied as she walked to the bathroom and firmly closed the door behind her.
	She showered then dressed before she heard a knock at the front door. She frowned as she looked at the clock. It was only 5 pm. She answered to find her new friends. They were holding a box and various items of hair styling equipment. Cynthia pushed by Anna and set up shop in the kitchen. Tomi hesitated at the door. “It’s ok,” Anna whispered to her. “They are behaving.” Anna heard a snort behind her. Slowly, Tomi followed Anna to the kitchen.
	When Anna walked past her bedroom, she noticed it was spotless. “Thanks, Nick,” she whispered.
	“Hey,” Greg and Rodney said in unison.
	“You were making my underpants dance so I am guessing you aren’t the ones to clean up any mess.”
	“You are welcome,” Nick said behind her. Anna’s breath caught as a cold hand slid down her back. She was surprised to discover that it turned her on.
	“Who are you talking to?” Cynthia asked.
	“Myself,” she answered. Blushing, she quickly went into her kitchen. Tomi was looking at her suspiciously. Anna stopped and gaped at her kitchen table. Every color of the rainbow had been captured in tiny tubes and palates. “Ok, I am completely afraid to ask.”
	“Just a little help from your friendly neighborhood fashion editor,” Cynthia said matter-of-factly.
	“She couldn’t help but notice you go mostly au natural,” Tomi explained.
	“And there’s nothing wrong with that,” Cynthia quickly added. “We have to hurry. We only have an hour.”
	“Damn, how ugly do you think I am that it will take an hour to fix?” Anna asked.
	“You are beautiful!” Cynthia exclaimed. “But even natural beauty likes a bit of embellishment now and then.”
	“You aren’t going to let me out of here until you’ve had your way, are you?” Anna asked.
	“Nope.”
	“We promise to keep it toned down,” Tomi said, noticing the worried expression on Anna’s face.
	“Alright,” Anna finally agreed, sitting down at the table. “Do your worst.”
	Cynthia actually clapped. For the next thirty minutes, Anna endured all forms of prep and glitzing. She had to admit it probably wouldn’t have taken that long if she’d stopped asking what everything was.
	Cynthia was curling Anna’s hair as the last touch. “No, no,’ she said to herself, then used another torture device, as Anna had come to think of it, to straighten her hair. “Crap.”
	“What?” Anna asked worriedly. “Crap is not a good word to hear when you are a guinea pig.”
	“I forgot the waver. Be right back.” She walked down the hall and out the front door.
	Anna looked at Tomi. “What is a waver? Do I even want to know?”
	Tomi looked around the room nervously. “It puts waves in your hair. Are we alone?”
	Anna paused, wondering if she should tell her the truth. “Honestly?” Tomi nodded. “Greg has been sitting on the counter near the sink nearly the entire time you’ve been here. Rodney has been walking around the living room. They both have found this all highly amusing and have laughed for the past half hour. That’s how I know where they are. I hear them.”
	“Didn’t you say there were three?”
	“Yes. I haven’t heard from Nick since you got here. So, you see, you are perfectly safe here.” At that moment, a picture fell from a shelf in the living room. Tomi jumped, her eyes going wide. “Damn, Rodney. Not funny. Stop trying to scare her.”
	“Yeah, Rodney,’ Tomi added. “Let’s not frighten me. Leave the nice lady alone.”
	“Wahoo!” Greg called from the countertop. “Someone to scare!”
	Before Anna could protest, she heard a firm “NO” from behind her. She turned slightly towards the voice. “Leave her friend alone.”
	Tomi saw her start to say something then stop and turn. “What?”
	“Rodney and Greg want to play ghost and try to scare you, but Nick won’t let them.”
	“Thank you, Nick,” Tomi said, looking around.
	A slight breeze ruffled her hair. She jumped. “That’s him saying you are welcome.”
	Tomi tried to smile. She dropped her head and rubbed her face with her hands. “This is too weird.”
	“It isn’t so bad once you get used to it,” Anna said.
	“Really? You can get used to it?” she asked, looking up.
	“After thirty plus years, you’d be surprised at what becomes your normal. This past year, with so few coming to me, I was almost lonely at times.”
	Tomi frowned. “What happened this past year?”
	Anna cringed. She had only talked about her parents to Becka. It wasn’t that she didn’t trust Tomi. She just didn’t want Tomi to pity her. And it was still painful. But she had talked herself into a corner and had to answer. “My parents died,” she said softly. “I don’t know if it was my grief or if the spirit world picked up on my thoughts of needing some time and space for a while.”
	“Oh, I am sorry,” Tomi said, reaching down and hugging Anna. “I am being so nosey and inconsiderate.”
	“You aren’t,” Anna reassured her. “I had better not cry. Cynthia will flip out if I mess up her masterpiece.”
	“Actually, she hasn’t used all that much. Go look in the mirror and check it out before she gets back.”
	Anna went to the bathroom and looked into the mirror. “You are beyond beautiful,” Nick whispered to her.
	Anna’s face flushed. Why was she so pleased he thought that? “Thank you.” Anna felt a cold caress on her cheek. “I wish I could see you,” she whispered.
	“Me, too.” Anna felt a cold tingling pressure on her lips, then it vanished. –Did he just kiss me?- she thought, her heart racing.
	“Ok, I am back,” Cynthia called as the front door opened. Ten minutes later, Anna had a head full of wavy hair, face full of makeup, and was feeling like an idiot. Cynthia was practically jumping up and down with pride over her creation. “He’ll be here any minute.”
	Anna laughed. “You’d think you were the one going.”
	“I’ll just have to live vicariously though you,” Cynthia replied.
	Tomi grabbed her by the arm. “We should be going.” She started gathering Cynthia’s arsenal of beauty supplies.
	“Here, take this,” Cynthia said, handing Anna a small makeup kit.
	“Thanks.”
	As they walked out the door, Jonah nearly ran into them. “Should I be worried?” he asked as they started down the stairs.
	“You can thank us later,” Cynthia called to him, waving a dismissive hand in his direction.
	Anna grabbed her purse and met him at the door. “Wow,” he said, looking her up and down. “You look amazing.”
	Anna felt her cheeks get hot. As she shut the door, she heard a crash from inside the apartment. –I am ignoring that- she thought. Jonah’s attention was so completely on her that he did not seem to hear anything. “Ready?” she asked, after locking her door.
	Jonah smiled and took her hand.
	He drove them to a dimly lit Italian restaurant. He ordered her a glass of red wine and a weak bourbon for himself as they sat at the bar waiting for a table.
	They talked about general life over dinner. Several times, Jonah reached across the table to rub and hold her hand. Anna could not believe someone like him seemed to be so totally into her. –Stop that- she thought. –Think positively.- 
	After Jonah paid the bill, they walked through the parking lot to his blue Dodge Charger. He started to open the door for her but stopped and took a step closer. Anna held her breath as he put his arm around her, drawing her close to him. His other hand reached up and tangled into her hair, cupping her hair. He lowered his head and captured her lips with his.
	Anna felt fireworks explode in her mind and her stomach. She laid her hands on his chest and deepened the kiss. A few moments later, he pulled back. “I’ve wanted to do that since the first time I saw you,” he said thickly. Anna smiled warmly up at him. He bent down and kissed her softly. After a few breathless moments, he stepped back and opened her door. Anna sat in the car seat trying to catch her breath.
	Jonah got into the driver’s seat and shut his door. After he put on his seat belt, he turned to her. “Feel like a movie?”
	Anna nodded. “Just no horror.”
	Jonah faked a frown. “And here I was going to let you cling to me during the really scary parts”
	Anna laughed. “Well, if you put it that way…Any scary double features?”
	“Let’s go see what we can find.” He started the car and put it into drive. As he pulled out of the parking lot, he took her hand. It felt different than before he kissed her, him holding her hand.
	Since there were no horror movies playing, they decided to see the latest Will Ferrell comedy. After the movie, Jonah drove around, pointing out various landmarks. “Next time I am off work, I’ll show you around during the day. That is, if you want to.”
	“As long as I get to spend time with you,” Anna replied, and then she realized what she said. “I am sorry. That was a little too forward.”
	Jonah smiled. “It was exactly what I was thinking.”
	A little after midnight, Anna tried to suppress a yawn without much luck. “Sorry,” she apologized. “I didn’t sleep well last night. I was up pretty late.”
	“I am kind of beat, too. As much as I don’t want this to end, it’s time to go home.”
	They rode in silence, but it wasn’t uncomfortable. Anna enjoyed the warmth of his hand in hers. She smiled, staring at their entwined fingers. Jonah looked over and seen her smiling. He gave her hand a squeeze. Too soon, they were pulling into the parking lot. Jonah walked her to her door. She had left the outside light on so she could see to unlock the door. She paused and looked up at him. “Thank you so much, Jonah. I had a wonderful time.”
	“I did, too. I am glad you moved here.”
	-Oh, please- she thought –Please kiss me again- Jonah complied with her non-verbal request. His lips were soft and gentle, but promised of pleasures to be later received. He pulled away slowly. “Can I call you tomorrow?”
	“Yes.”
	“Good. Good night, Anna.” He leaned in to kiss her again. At that instant, the porch light started flickering. He stopped and took a step back. He reached up and tapped the light with his fingers. The flickering stopped. He grinned as he looked back to her. “Good night.”
	Anna opened her door and walked in. She locked the door behind her and went into the living room. “Ok, which one of you decided to play Dad and flash the porch light?”
	“Bout time you came home,” Nick said from the direction of the couch. “I didn’t know you were doing on a date with him.”
	“I didn’t know I needed to inform you,” Anna replied as she took off her shoes and sat down on the loveseat. She paused and then frowned. “Are you mad at me?” she asked incredulously. 
	There was no answer. The television came on by itself. Andy Griffith was fishing with a young black and white Ron Howard. Anna picked up the remote and turned it off. “Why are you mad at me?”
	“What the hell does it matter?”
	Anna was confused. She moved to the couch, hoping she didn’t sit on Nick. “A great deal. First, I hate when anyone is mad at me, especially anyone that defends me against Larry and Curly. She heard a distant “Hey!” from the kitchen. “Secondly, I don’t want someone angry at me that could hurt me while I sleep.”
	“I would never hurt you, Anna,” Nick almost whispered. “I wouldn’t let anyone hurt you.” Anna felt her cheek go cold. “I am sorry I got angry. You still have your life to live.”
	“Is that what is wrong? You are upset because your life is over and you have to see me living mine?”
	“No.” He sounded like he was almost out of breath, if that had been possible.
	“Then what?”
	The cold left her face and touched her knee. She watched as the hem of her dress slid up the thigh slowly, moving in time with the cold. Her breath quickened as her body responded, anticipating his touch inside her leg. When a cold breath touched her neck, she closed her eyes and softly moaned.
	Instantly, her mind snapped alert, and she opened her eyes and stood. She paused for a moment before taking two steps backwards. She walked quickly to the bathroom and shut the door. She rested her forehead against the back of the door, still breathing heavily.
	She washed her face, brushed her teeth, and changed into pajamas. The entire time ignoring her body’s craving. She hesitated before opening the door, unsure. –You are so stupid- she thought, jerking the door open. She retrieved her phone from her purse and went to the bedroom, turning off the lights as she went. She plugged her phone in to the charger, turned off the lamp, and laid down in the bed.
	She felt a presence enter the room and lie down beside her. She rolled over to face Nick even though she could not see him. “That can’t happen again, Nick,” she murmured. He didn’t answer. She felt a cold hand cover hers. “There is a boundary between the living and the dead that should not, cannot be crossed.
	“What will happen?” Nick asked.
	Anna hesitated. “I don’t know. You and Rodney and Greg are the first ones who have refused to move on. Everyone else I have met have been more than willing to go, but either didn’t know they were dead or had some unfinished business I helped with first.”
	Nick was quiet, thinking. “But you have never sought out ghosts.”
	“Well, no. They always seem to find me.”
	“Then there is probably a lot of us that are content to stay where we are.”
	“Probably,” she agreed slowly. Again, he became quiet. She felt his hand slide up her arm to her shoulder then down her side to her hip. “Nick, please,” she whimpered as she closed her eyes.
	“Turn around,” he directed, his voice thick. She did as he commanded. Her entire back went cold as well as her arms has he held her. Shivering, Anna reached for the blanket and pulled it over her.
	“Go to sleep,” he said quietly behind her.
	She closed her eyes and fell asleep, embraced by a ghost.



					CHAPTER 11

	Anna watched as Tomi and Cynthia walked past. They were wearing matching strapless tea length dresses. The red and orange leaves fell from the trees with the gentle breeze. Cynthia’s cousin walked down the aisle in a simple, elegant wedding gown. She looked so happy. Anna’s eyes filled with tears.
	Anna jerked awake as the alarm buzzed. Her unshed dream tears slid down her face. She sat up and wiped her cheeks. Anna hadn’t even met Cynthia’s cousin, but knew without a shadow of doubt that she would be married this fall.
	She went to the kitchen and started the coffee. After using the bathroom and washing her face, she sat down on the couch and turned on the television. She opened her laptop and emailed Becka about Jonah. Her heart fluttered as she remembered his kiss.
	She searched some local help wanted ads, looked up advertising companies, and checked her horoscope. She knew she needed to get started looking for work but didn’t know where to begin. Even if she did, she’d have to wait till she got a piano to start composing.
	Anna started to her bedroom to get her phone when she realized how quiet it was. Did she dare break the peaceful silence? –No- she decided as she sent Tomi a text message asking if she could still take Anna to the music store this afternoon. While waiting for a response, Anna fixed a cup of coffee and toasted a bagel.
	Anna’s phone pinged with Tomi’s reply text. Of course. Pretty slo here. B ready@4?
	That’s great. CU then Anna sent back
	Looking around, she couldn’t help but wonder where the guys were. It was so quiet. She rummaged through a bottom drawer in the kitchen where she had seen a screwdriver and hammer. Putting up blinds couldn’t be that complicated.
	“Cut to two hours later,” Anna said out loud as she wiped sweat from her brow. Anna had managed to get two of the blinds installed. She took a bathroom break and got a bottle of water. The phone rang as she put the cap back on and set the bottle on the dresser.
	“Hello?” she answered.
	“Hi.”
	“Hi, Jonah,” Anna replied, smiling. “How are you?”
	“I am doing fine. Been doing some paperwork and thought I’d call. What have you been up to?”
	“Playing maintenance worker and putting blinds up in the bedroom.”
	“I would have helped if I’d had known.”
	“That’s sweet. I’ll keep that in mind when I need an oil change or a toilet unclogged.”
	“Ok, first,” Jonah replied, “Eww.” Anna laughed. “Second, my brother is a mechanic. I’ll pay him to change your oil.”
	“I could just pay him myself.”
	“Yeah, but then I couldn’t come up with other forms of compensation for you,” he replied sexily, his voice getting quiet.
	“You know,” Anna said after a moment. “I have never met anyone who makes me so completely speechless as you.”
	“And I, Miss McCarty,” have never met a woman who makes me count the minutes before I see her again as you.” Anna could almost hear his smile. “I gotta run, call coming in. I’ll call you tonight, cutie.” Jonah hung up before she could reply.
	“If that isn’t the biggest pile of shit I’ve ever heard, then I ain’t really dead.” Anna screamed, turned, and stubbed her toe on the bed frame and fell onto the mattress. She clutched her left foot, her big toe throbbing. “Wahoo! Gotcha!” Greg called out.
	“You, asshole!” Anna cried through clenched teeth, tears streaming down her cheeks. “I think my foot is broken.”
	Anna felt the bed shift as if someone sat down. “Let me see,” Nick said.
	“Unless you are a doctor, I don’t think you can help. Hell, even if you were a doctor, you’re-,” Anna was cut off as Nick’s icy touch covered her foot. The pain eased off somewhat.
	“Put your hand on her foot,” Nick said to Greg. For a brief second the cold left then returned. Anna laid back and closed her eyes, tears still falling from the pain. Two pills fell into the palm of her hand. She jumped. “Take those.”
	“What are they?”
	“Ibuprofen.”
	“Anna popped them into her mouth. “How much energy do you have? These were in my purse.”
	Nick ignored her question. “Your foot is broken. You need to go see a doctor. There is an urgent care a couple miles up the road.”
	Anna sat up and looked at her foot. It was swelling and quickly turning black and blue. “Damn. Ok, let me go to the bathroom.” The instant the cold moved from her foot, it started throbbing. “Thank goodness I don’t drive a stick shift anymore,” she said as she gathered some shorts and a tee shirt. She hobbled down the hall. “And can we please lay off the practical jokes now? If you can’t tell, I am pretty damned tired of them.” She slammed the bathroom door shut. 
	After taking the quickest shower in her life, Anna dressed and nearly crawled down the stairs to her Jeep. She started the engine before she realized she had no idea where she was going. Tomi and Cynthia didn’t answer their phones. Anna hesitated but then dialed Jonah’s number. “Got a sec?” she asked when he answered.
	“For you, always.”
	“I know you are busy, so I’ll make this quick. How do I get to the closest urgent care or ER?”
	“What happened?”
	“I sort of misjudged the distance between my foot and the bed, and I think I broke it. My foot, not the bed. The bed is fine.” She knew she was babbling, but it was either talk or cry.
	“Need for me to come take you? I can be there in twenty minutes.”
	“No, no, don’t leave work. Just, which way do I go?”
	“Turn left out of the parking lot, go three miles, and turn right onto Doctor’s Street. The 24 hour Care is about half a mile on the right. You sure you don’t need me to come?”
	Anna was touched by his concern. “It’s fine, really. I am already in the car.”
	“Call me when you start home.”
	“Ok, I will. Thanks.”
	Anna drove to the office and hobbled inside. After three x-rays and wrapping her foot, the doctor gave Anna four things: the news her big toe was broke and two bones in her foot were slightly fractured, a prescription for Hydrocodone, crutches, and a bill for $425. While writing a check for the bill, Anna got directions to a pharmacy. The nurse, feeling sorry for her, called the pharmacist so the medicine would be ready when Anna got there.
	“Thank goodness for drive thru,” Anna said to herself after pulling out the bottle and popping a pill into her mouth.
	She only got turned around once before getting back to her apartment. Hopping up the stairs was easier than trying to walk with the crutches. She unlocked her door and was immediately bombarded with “Oh my God, Anna, I am so sorry. I didn’t mean to break you.”
	“It’s fine. I got some really good pills. They are starting to work, by the way.” Anna laid down on the couch and texted Tomi again.  Broke my foot, doped up on pain killers, go shopping l8r?
	Anna’s phone rang. “What did you do?” Tomi asked.
	“I kicked my bed.”
	“On purpose?”
	“No, not on purpose! I am clumsy, not stupid. I am just about knocked out though.” Her voice was slurring.
	“Go to sleep. We’ll swing by with dinner after work.”
	“Ok, sounds good.” Anna hung up and dropped the phone on the floor.
	“You ok?” Nick asked in her ear.
	‘Yeah, the pain is nearly gone. I am just going to sleep a while.” As Anna drifted off, she felt Nick’s lips on her forehead, then felt her foot go icy numb. Her last thought was –How much energy does he have that I felt his lips?-
	Anna came awake slowly to voices in her kitchen. She started to panic until she recognized her friends talking. Her foot throbbed but not like before. She grabbed her crutches and stood up. Her head swam. “Good thing I am not an addict.”
	“Hey,” Cynthia said. “We didn’t mean to wake you up.”
	“You didn’t. What time is it?”
	“About 7:30 pm,” Tomi answered.
	“Oh my gosh. I’ve been asleep all day? How did you get in?”
	“You left the door unlocked,” Cynthia answered. “Not very safe.”
	Anna frowned. She could have sworn she had locked it. “I opened it for them,” Nick said. “Thanks,” she whispered. Anna heard a very loud curse word come from her bedroom. “I didn’t open it for him, though,” Nick said dryly.
	“Jonah is putting up your blinds and curtains,” Tomi explained.
	“How long has he been here?”	
	“Fifteen minutes or so. He came in, smoothed the hair out of your face, kissed your head, and started to work. He said something about he’d even unclog your drain, whatever that means.”
	“Inside joke,” Anna smiled. She heard Nick growl.
	“Are you hungry?” Cynthia asked.
	“Yes. My stomach is a little queasy. I guess narcotics on an empty stomach are not such a good idea.” Anna also had to use the bathroom badly. She was having a hard time maneuvering around the furniture with the crutches.
	Tomi saw her struggling and came to her aid. She took her arm and helped Anna to the bathroom. “I’ll fix you a plate,” Tomi said as Anna closed the door.
	“Thank you.” Anna used the toilet and washed her hands and splashed water on her face. She brushed her hair and rinsed her mouth with minty mouth wash.
	Using the walls for support, she walked to her bedroom. Jonah had a drill putting in the screws for the curtain rods. “Yeah, it’s much easier with a power tool.”
	Jonah turned around and jumped off the bed. “Well, it lives.”
	“Yeah, barely. You didn’t have to do that,” Anna said, nodding towards the window.
	“I know. I wanted to.” He leaned down and kissed her. “Missed you today,” he said, pulling away.
	Anna smiled. “I would say the same but I was either in pain or unconscious for most of the day. Have you eaten anything?”
	“No, I wanted to finish this first. Go on. I’ll join you in a bit.” He gave her another quick kiss and stepped back on the bed.
	-This could get really serious really fast- she though. She walked to the kitchen. Cynthia and Tomi had brought a huge pizza, salad, and Oreo cookies.
	“Go sit down,” Cynthia ordered.
	“Let me grab an ice pack first.”
	“No, go. I’ll get it.” Cynthia ushered Anna to the couch as she opened the freezer. 
	Tomi walked with Anna, supporting her. “You guys are wonderful to do all this.”
	Tomi smiled. “That’s what friends are for.” She lowered her voice. “What happened?”  
	“It was a practical joke gone wrong.”
	“So this wasn’t…I mean, they didn’t…?”
	“No, I kicked the bed on accident when Greg startled me.”
	“I said I was sorry,” Greg said from the loveseat.
	“I have forgiven him,’ she told Tomi, but more for Greg’s benefit. Tomi put some throw pillows on the coffee table and propped Anna’s foot on them.
	“Wow, your foot is ice cold. Did they wrap it too tight?”
	“No,” Anna answered slowly.
	“Oh. I probably don’t want to know.”
	Cynthia brought a plate and a bottle of Pepsi and handed them to Anna. She plopped down on the loveseat. “Damn, it’s cold in here all of a sudden. Did the AC kick on?” Anna nearly choked on a pepperoni.
	Tomi sat down next to Anna and turned the television on. TVLand was having a marathon of 90’s sitcoms. The girls laughed and ate. After about an hour, Anna needed another pain pill. Tomi got it for her as Cynthia cleaned the kitchen. “I’ll get that tomorrow,” Anna told her.
	“It’s paper plates and napkins. I got it.”
	Jonah came into the living room as Cynthia and Tomi were leaving. “Pizza’s in the fridge,” Tomi informed him.
	“Thanks. See you later,” he said as the door closed. He sat down on the couch and put his arm around her. The cold vanished from her foot. She had suspected Nick had been touching her, but he had been quiet.
	“Thanks for finishing up in the bedroom,” Anna said, drowsily, the pain meds already kicking in.
	He leaned over and kissed the side of her head. “Any time, baby. Whatcha watching?”
	“I have no idea.”
	Jonah laughed. “You are high!”
	“I am feeling no pain, that’s for sure.”	
	“Come on,” he said getting up, pulling her to her feet. He half carried her to the bedroom and pulled the sheets and blankets back. He helped her in, being extra careful with her foot. He covered her up and kissed her softly on the lips. “Call me when you wake up tomorrow.”
	“Ok,” Anna mumbled. Jonah locked the door behind him when he left. Anna felt Nick lay down beside her and enclose her in his frigid clutch. “He may have put you to bed, but I am the one you sleep with.”
	Anna tried to snuggle up against him, but barely recognized through the drug fog that it was impossible. “Nick?”
	“Yes, sweetheart?”
	“What are we doing?”
	Nick was a long time answering. “I don’t know.” She felt him kiss her as she drifted off to sleep.



CHAPTER 12

	Anna had no idea what time it was when she woke. The blinds had kept most of the sunlight out. She looked towards the clock on the nightstand. “7:30 am,” Nick said from beside her.
	Anna sat up and her head swam. Her foot throbbed but did not hurt nearly as badly as yesterday. Anna shuffled to the bathroom then to the kitchen. She cut one of the pain pills in half and grabbed a bottle of soda and a cold slice of pizza. Using one crutch, she made it to the couch and retrieved her cell phone from in-between the cushions. She had missed calls. She called Becka first, forgetting she’d be in the middle of a work day.
	“Hello?”
	“Hey,” Anna replied. “Oh, sorry,” she apologized, ‘I keep forgetting the time thing.”
	She heard Becka excuse herself from a patient whose teeth she was cleaning. “No, it’s fine. I hadn’t heard from you since your email yesterday. I got worried.”
	“I could tell from the five missed calls. I kind of wasn’t in any condition to make calls yesterday.”
	Becka froze. “What happened?”	
	“One of the guys played a joke, and I got turned around and broke my foot.” Anna heard a huffing noise behind her. “He didn’t mean for it to happen. It was an accident.”
	“Uh-huh,’ Becka agreed sarcastically. 
	“I went to the doctor, got some pills, and have been asleep ever since.”
	“How are you getting around by yourself?”
	“I am not by myself.”
	“I don’t mean your ghosts. Oh, wait, your new boyfriend.”
	Anna blushed. “He isn’t my boyfriend, but, yes, he offered to take off from work and take me to the doctor.”
	“Wow, how sweet.”
	“I wouldn’t let him, of course, but he did come over and put up one of my blinds and fixed the other two I had attempted.”
	“Anna, that guy is seriously into you.”
	Her heart soared. “And a couple of my neighbors brought me supper and helped me. You would really like them,” Anna added quickly, afraid of hurting her best friend’s feelings. “The ones that gave me their numbers? They live downstairs.”
	“I am glad you are making friends there. I hope I can meet them when I come visit. And I want a picture of your boyfriend.”
	“He’s not-,”
	“Yeah, yeah, whatever. I want a pic.” Anna laughed. “And when you send that to me today, I’ll give you a call to give you an unbiased opinion. But for now, I am going to get back to work for a few more hours.”
	“Sorry I interrupted you.”
	“I needed it. I’ve been bit twice already today. Bye!”
	Anna hung up and called her next missed call. “Hello, Officer Greene.”
	“Hi, Hop-Along,” Jonah teased.
	“Stagger along is more like it.”
	“Well, if the music thing doesn’t work out, we could always sign you up as a kicker for the 49ers.”
	“Let’s wait till at least the fracture heals.”
	“Yeah, probably a good idea,” he laughed.
	“I only took half a knock out pill this morning. Hopefully, I can actually get a few things done today.”
	“Well, there is nothing wrong with taking it easy when you’re hurt. Tell me, how do you feel about meat?”
	Anna laughed a little too loudly as her mind went straight to the gutter. She wiped her eyes as she collected herself. “Sorry.”
	“I’d asked what was so funny, but one, I am afraid, and two, I think I know. Let me rephrase. I get home about eight tonight and was going to grill out a steak. Want to join me?”
	“Sure. Do I need to bring anything?”	
	“How would you carry it? You can barely walk,” he taunted. “Just bring your beautiful self.”
	Anna felt like her lungs would burst from holding her breath. No one complimented her the way Jonah did. “Ok.”
	“See you then.” He hung up.
	Anna sent a text message to Tomi and Cynthia that she was up, conscious, and not in too much pain. She thanked them again for last night and she’d talk to them later. 
	Anna jumped, not expecting Nick to sit down on the couch beside her and touch her foot. “I wonder where you had gotten around to.”
	“Just out haunting.”
	Anna got an idea. Becka’s request for a picture of Jonah made Anna think of a way to see Nick. She struggled to her feet and searched for her purse. ‘Guys, I am really not in any shape to search the entire apartment for my pocketbook.”
	“Stove.”
	Anna grumbled under her breath and found it inside the stove. She got her camera out. ‘Ok, one of you go sit on the couch.”
	“Which one?” Greg asked.
	“All of you, one of you, doesn’t matter. I am going to take a picture of you and see what shows up.” She stood across from the couch on the other side of the coffee table. “One…two….three.” The camera flashed. She took several pictures. She sat down on the loveseat and connected the camera to her computer and downloaded the pictures. Of the six pictures, two were of the couch only. The other four, however, gave Anna much different results.
	In one, there were two white fuzzy forms almost cloud-like on the couch. In two other pictures, the forms looked like a body with legs and arms and a head, but no facial features. The last picture held Anna’s gaze. The entire frame was a face. It was transparent. Anna could clearly see the couch through it and the outline was fuzzy, but she could see the mouth, nose, and most importantly, the eyes.
	She sat back into the seat, continuing to stare. “You said you wanted to see me,” Nick said beside her. She turned to look where the voice came from.
	“What color were your eyes?” she asked quietly.
	“Hazel. My hair was light brown.”
	Anna turned back to the screen. “You are so handsome. Thank you for this.”
	“Anna.” She turned back towards his voice. She felt cold on her face as he caressed her cheek. She felt cold against her then the pressure of lips on hers. She closed her eyes and forgot all else but the feel of his icy mouth. She became lost in the sensation of her entire being on fire but her lips frigid.
	The kiss seemed to last hours. Anna shifted toward him and reached to embrace him. When her arms remained empty, she pulled back, opening her eyes.
	“I can’t,” she managed to sa, hoarsely. 
	“But you want to,’ he whispered.
	Oh, God, did she want him to continue kissing her. She felt things physically she’d never experienced before. “I don’t…We can’t…You aren’t….”Anna wanted to say so many things but couldn’t find the words. “Please, don’t.”
	He was quiet then. “Tell me something about you then.”
	“Like what?”
	“Anything. Everything. I want to know it all.”
	“Ok.” Anna spent the next couple hours telling Nick all about her life; her childhood, her parents, about helping other spirits cross over. She told him things she hadn’t or couldn’t talk to anyone else about. He told her about his brothers and sisters, going to college, but then dropping out his freshman year to join the Marines.
	“Is that how you died? In the military?”
	Nick didn’t answer right away. “I don’t know.”
	“You don’t know how you died?” Anna frowned. “Even spirits who don’t know they are dead, once they figure it out, remember what happened.”
	“Maybe I am just weird.”
	“That’s a given. You share an apartment with two invisible men and a psychic,” she laughed.
	Neither of them spoke for a while. It was an awkward silence. The television turned on by itself. “Watch a movie with me?” Nick asked.
	“Sure.” Anna closed the laptop and moved to the couch. “Where are Tweedle Dum and Tweedle Dee?”
	“In your bedroom, hiding your things.”
	“That won’t stop, will it?”
	“It makes them happy to annoy you,” Nick explained.
	“Well, just as long as they are happy.” Anna felt her hand and fingers go cold as Nick intertwined his with hers. She turned on a movie channel and sat for a couple hours in silence. After the movie, she stood and stretched. “I need to shower and dress.”
	She hobbled to her bedroom and stopped. The sheets and blankets were being jerked off the bed as she watched. “You two are crazy,” she laughed as she jerked a corner of one sheet. She grabbed a blanket and tugged. The blanket tugged back and pulled her onto the bed. She laughed as the bedding fell around her. She felt Nick’s presence enter the room.
	“What are you doing?” he asked.
	“Playing,” Anna answered. She took the sheet and threw it up into the air where she felt Rodney’s spirit. It hung suspended for a brief moment, as if covering him. “Look! It’s Casper!”
	“Ha, ha. You’ll find I am not so friendly,” he laughed as the sheet his the floor. Anna watched wide eyed as a pillow started to move. She dove for it. “No fair. I can’t pillow fight you!” She stopped suddenly as her vision first went blurry then she became completely blind. She became dizzy and a stabbing pain in her head took her to her knees. She covered her face with her hands and closed her eyes.
	“Something is wrong,” she cried out
	She felt Nick on the bed beside her. “What is it?” he asked worriedly.
	“I don’t know.” As suddenly as they appeared, the symptoms vanished with a quick sharp pain in her eyes that made Anna cry out again. She uncovered her face slowly and opened her eyes. “Oh wow. What happened” She sat up and stared.
	Two men stood directly in front of her, looking concerned. Another sat beside her, his face a clear version of the one from the computer screen. “I can see you,” she whispered, sliding back further on the bed.
	“How?” Greg asked.
	Anna sat looking at them for a long time before answering. “My mother had told me she suspected that since I hadn’t ‘fully embraced’ my gift, I was limiting myself. I guess she was right.” She continued to stare at each of them in turn.
	“You didn’t embrace your gift, Anna,” Nick said. “You embraced us. You interacted, made an emotional connection.”
	Anna found it hard to breathe. “You don’t seem like spirits.” She looked at Rodney and Greg then grinned. “You feel like annoying little brothers.”
	They both grinned in return. “You know, this just ups the ante, right?” Rodney asked.	
	“Yeah, I sort of figured that.” She looked at Nick.
	“What do I feel like?” he asked.
	“I haven’t figured it out yet,” she answered honestly.
	Nick looked at the other two. “Leave.” They instantly vanished. Anna’s heart hammered in her chest. “What about…what’s his name? Jonah? Got him figured out?”
	Anna didn’t know how to answer. “Why? He’s my friend. I care about him.”
	“I want you to care about me.”
	“I do. I want you to cross over and be happy. Not stuck in-between.”
	“I am happy since you came. You make me feel alive.”
	“But, Nick,” Anna said, coming to her knees. “You aren’t alive.” She emphasized her point by swiping a hand through his body.
	He moved so fast she almost didn’t see him. He had his mouth against hers and kissed her hard. His lips moved to her ear. “You felt that.”
	“Yes,” she said breathlessly.
	“I hear your heart beating faster than you thought possible. I feel your desire begging to be released.”
	Anna couldn’t argue. She felt his mouth on her neck and down her throat. “How is it I can physically feel you?” she asked, her eyes closed.
	Nick leaned back and looked at her. He appeared fairly solid to her. Edges that would define a living person were fuzzy, and he was just a trace transparent. He wore a simple white tee shirt and jeans faded by death. He was so much more handsome than the photo she’d taken had suggested. “I can pull energy from people and things around me. Living near the ocean gives me an endless supply. During high tide, I am at my strongest.”
	“I have never met a ghost who could do that.”	
	“I’ve never met anyone on this side either.”
	Anna hesitated. “You aren’t demonic, are you?”
	Nick laughed low. “I have to admit I’ve been having some pretty evil thoughts about you lately, but I am not a demon.”
	Anna blushed. “I can feel your hands and fingers and lips,” she started, not believing she was actually going to ask the next part. “What about…other extremities?” 
	Nick grinned devilishly and moved towards her. “Let’s find out.” 
	Anna rolled off the bed and hopped to the doorway. “Wow, it’s nearly noon. I am starving,” She quickly walked to the kitchen. She poured a glass of milk.
	Nick followed her and leaned against the door frame. Trying to steer the situation back to normal, she said. “I don’t suppose you know anything about music or advertising, do you?” She fixed a ham sandwich and poured chips onto a plate.
	“Maybe.” She looked at him dubiously. “No.”
	“What am I going to do for work?” She walked slowly into the living room carrying her lunch. Nick followed.
	“What are you good at? What do you like to do?”
	She sat down sideways on one end of the couch with her legs stretched out. Nick sat in the floor beside her. “As far as like, I used to love to compose music and sing.” 
	“Used to?” he asked, looking up at her.
	“I haven’t really played since mom and dad died. And I don’t have a piano here. Tomi was going to take me yesterday, but well,” she nodded to her foot.
	“Can’t you go today?”
	“I don’t know if she can.” Nick stared at her cell phone that was laying on the coffee table. He slowly picked it up and handed it to her. ‘How-“
	“If I got it in the fridge, then I can move it two feet to you. Now call her.”
	“Yes, sir. I’ll text her if you insist.” She made a mental note to do some research on after life energy. She sent Tomi a message, laid the phone down, and took a bite from her sandwich. Her phone rang. She swallowed and answered. “Hello?”
	“Hey, girl. How are you feeling?” Tomi asked.
	“I am sore, but ok. Half of a pill controls the pain but doesn’t send me straight to la la land.”
	“I can’t see why people like that feeling. Listen, I got your message. I just turned in my article for print and got a few hours. I got a date at 7 tonight. Want to go now?”
	“Yeah,” Anna replied, setting her plat down. “I’ll grab a shower. Come on in if I don’t answer the door.”
	“Ok, be there in a bit.”
	“Can you unlock the door for her if I am still in the bathroom?” Anna asked Nick.	
	“Sure.”
	Anna stood up and went to her bedroom. Greg and Rodney had partially straightened her bed. “Aw, thanks, guys.” She got her clothes and headed to the bathroom. Nick stood by the door.
	“Your rule still in effect?”
	“Double effect,” Anna answered. Nick laughed and vanished. Anna went in and shut the door. She sat down on the toilet after lowering the lid and seat. “As if you guys pee!” she yelled. She heard muffled laughing from behind the door. She unwrapped her foot. It was black and purple from her toes to her ankle. It started to throb without the pressure of the elastic wrap. She undressed and showered. She quickly put on her underwear before trying to rewrap the bandage. On the third try, she gave up trying to make it look like the nurse had and just did the best she could. She put the metal hooks into the ends and fastened it to keep it from unraveling. She pulled on shorts and a long sleep tee shirt. She opened the door to let the steam out when there came a knock at her front door. She heard the door unlock.
	“It’s open,” she called out.
	Tomi came in and slowly walked up the hall. She was still looking around cautiously. “Tell your friend we won’t bother her,” Greg said from behind her. “She looks like she is ready to bolt.”
	“They are promising to leave you alone,” Anna told her.
	“Really?” Tomi clearly looked relieved. “Where are they?”
	Anna hesitated. “You tell me.”
	“What do you mean?”
	“Close your eyes and just feel. You said the other day you felt the difference. Tell me what you feel.”
	Tomi hesitated but closed her eyes. Her brow wrinkled. “I feel…stupid.”
	“That would be Greg,” she teased.
	“Hey!” he yelled.
	Tomi jerked her eyes open and turned around to look behind her. “I felt that,” she said, obviously scared. She reached out a shaky hand. Greg looked at Anna who nodded slightly. Greg walked into her hand, his torso engulfing it. Tomi hissed and jerked her hand back.
	“He says hi,” Anna said.
	Tomi took a step backwards. “Hi.” She looked around. “Where are the other two?”
	Anna stepped into the hall and frowned. She didn’t feel or see them. “I don’t know. Haunting someone else, I suppose.”
	“They can leave? Have they been to my apartment?”
	“Tell her I love the pink lace bra and panties she changed into this morning,” Greg said.
	“I will not!” Anna exclaimed, her face flaming.
	“What?” Tomi asked. “What did he say?”
	“You don’t want to know. Trust me.”
	“Yes, I do,” Tomi insisted.
	“Before I do, let me say this. Greg, the whole bathroom privacy thing extends to her apartment bathroom and bedrooms. And, Tomi, don’t walk around naked or in your pink underwear.”
	Tomi’s face flushed. She looked around and said, “Really? You’re a pervert?”
	Anna laughed. “You have no idea.” Anna pulled her hair up into a pony tail and walked to the door. “Grab my purse and phone? I have to use these stupid crutches.”
	“Sure.” Tomi followed behind Anna’s slow, hobbling gait. “Does this mean I am psychic?”
	“I don’t think so. Maybe. More likely you are sensitive. You can sense spirits around you but not necessarily hear or see them. I can help you develop it, if you want.” Anna looked at her face as they walked out the door. “Or not. Bye!” she called out before locking the door behind her.
	Maneuvering down the stairs was an adventure. “I need a giant slide. If you want, we can take my Cherokee.” Anna handed Tomi the keys. Tomi walked ahead to open the door for Anna.
	Anna looked up across the road. There was a young girl, about 16 standing on the other side. She was in a yellow nightgown or sundress. Anna couldn’t tell which. No one else paid her any attention. She spotted Anna at the same time. She ran across the road, her body passing through cars and trucks. “Hang on a sec,” Anna told Tomi. The girl came up to Anna.
	“You can see me?” the girl asked. Anna nodded. “What happened? Where is my mom?”
	“I don’t know. Who are you?”
	“Elizabeth Trino. My mom and I are here visiting my Aunt Mary.”
	Anna looked at Tomi who was staring open mouthed. “Do you know the name Elizabeth Trino?”
	Tomi nodded. “She was that girl that drowned two days ago. Her and her mom had gone on one of those rented boat tours, and she fell overboard. Her mom jumped in after her. The mom died yesterday.”
	The girl looked grief stricken. “I’m dead?” Anna nodded, sympathetic. “But, I am only 15. I get my driver’s license in three months.”
	“Do you see a light or white gateway?” 
The girl looked around. “It’s been there awhile, but I’ve been afraid.”
	“You don’t have anything to be afraid of. Your mom is there.” The girl looked to her left, uncertain. She took a step and was gone. “Ok,” Anna said to Tomi. “Let’s go.”
	“Wow,” Tomi said, getting into the driver’s seat. She put her seat belt on and started the engine. Anna fumbled getting the crutches into the back seat before shutting the door. “Is it like that always?”
	“Sometimes,” Anna replied. “Listen. Can we sort of keep this between us?”
	“Do you think I want people to know I am a freak?” Tomi asked incredulously as she pulled into the road. “No offense,” she added quickly.
	“Yeah, not the first time I’ve been called that,” Anna replied dryly. 
	They drove to a store half an hour away called “The Chained Melody.” Anna was in heaven. There were pianos of all sizes and colors. A man in khakis and a green golf shirt came up to them. “Hi, I am Jack. Is there anything I can do to help you, ladies?”	
	“Hello, Jack,” Anna answered. “I am looking for a piano. I need something small for an apartment.”
	“You ok to walk around?”
	“Yeah, just go slow.” Tomi laughed at her. “Shut up,” she told Tomi grinning. 
	“Need a wheelchair, granny?” Tomi teased.
	“No, smartass,” Anna replied, following behind the salesman.
	“These are our smallest models,” he said, a hand waving to three baby grand pianos. Two were black, one white. Anna’s heart sank. They would not fit in the living room with the furniture. Jack thought for a moment. “Are you opposed to electric?”
	“I don’t know. I’ve only played on acoustic.”
	“Come on. Let’s try some.” Jack led them to a back room with a digital pianos. They took up much less room. Jack led her to one that was hooked up to speakers and a small amplifier. She sat down and played a few notes. 
	-Not bad- she thought. She played part of a song she had written. It didn’t feel quite the same, but the sound quality was almost identical. 
	“That was incredible,” Tomi commented.
	Anna stopped. “Thank you.” She looked at Jack. “How much is it?”
	“With bench and all equipment, you are looking at $5000, roughly.” Tomi actually whistled.	
	“You are going to have to do better than that,” Anna said. “How many other stores are there, Tomi?”
	“At least four we can get to within twenty minutes driving.”
	‘So, Jack, bring it down to Earth or kiss this commission goodbye.”
	Jack, obviously annoyed, recalculated the cost. “$3150?”
	“That is much better. I will do that if you include deliver and set up. I am not in any kind of condition to be moving furniture with a busted foot.”
	“Let me go get some forms,” Jack said as he walked away.
	“You really are a musician,’ Tomi said.
	“Yep. I am multi-talented. I write computer programs, sing, compose music, and talk to the non-living, and dance in my underwear in the living room.”
	Tomi laughed. “Just not in front of Greg.”
	Jack returned with a bill of sale for the agreed upon amount. “I don’t have a guy to deliver until Friday after lunch.”
	“That’s fine,” Anna answered and handed her debit card to him. He walked back to his office. “So, tell me about this date you have.”
	Tomi blushed. “He is my niece’s teacher. I went with my brother to her science fair last week. He called me last night.”
	“I didn’t know you had a brother.”	
	“Charles. He is six years older than me. Barbie, his wife and Brindy’s mom, passed away a couple years ago from lung cancer.”
	“I am sorry.”
	“Thank you. I try to hang out with her, go to school functions, things like that as much as I can.”
	“You’re a good person, Tomi,” Anna said.
	Tomi blushed again. Jack came back with receipts and Anna’s card. “Ok, we’re all done. Thank you so much for your purchase. Gregory will be out after 12:30 pm Friday.”
	Anna put the papers in her purse. “Thank you.”
	Tomi drove Anna back to the apartment. “How is Jonah?” Tomi asked.
	“He is good.”
	“I bet so.”
	“Not like that,” Anna said. “I mean…You know what I mean. He invited me to his place tonight. He is cooking.”
	“I am impressed. Cooks, fixes things…if he is good in bed, you’d better keep him.”
	Anna was embarrassed but had to say, “I don’t know about that.”
	“Yet,” Tomi taunted her.
	“But he can kiss till your eyes roll back in your head.” Tomi laughed. “Seriously, though, he is so nice and sweet.”
	“And hot.”
	“And hot,” Anna agreed. “I would have thought he’d be interested in you or Cynthia.”
	“Why? You are beautiful and smart and talented. Some men still actually see a woman for her heart. Granted, there are only a few and most of those are gay, but still. Enjoy him. Let your eyes get rolled back. Just tell me about it the next day.”
	Anna clamped her hand over her mouth to keep from laughing. They pulled into the parking lot a little before 5 pm. Traffic had been at a near standstill. Tomi helped Anna up the stairs before she excused herself to go get ready for her date.
	Anna walked into her apartment. She was tired and her foot hurt again. She went to the kitchen and took the other half of the pill and grabbed and ice pack from the freezer, “Why bother with that?” Nick asked from behind her.
	She jumped and turned around. “You scared the shit out of me.” She went to the living room and lay down on the couch. She dropped her purse on the floor. Nick sat down on her legs, her foot passing through his body, turning her toes cold. Her foot stopped throbbing. “Ok, that is weird looking.”
	“Want me to move?”
	“No, it feels good.” She pulled a blanket off the back and wrapped it around her. “I am glad you made me go. I bought a piano. It will be here Friday.”
	“Good. You can play for me.” She watched as he rubbed his hand up and down her legs.
	“Of course.” Anna’s eyes drooped. “I am sleepy.”
	“Then go to sleep.”
	“Another good suggestion from the peanut gallery.” Anna reached for the remote and turned on the television. “Turn it to whatever you want.” She snuggled against the couch and fell asleep.
	Nick watched her sleep for a long time. He knew he had a huge problem. He was falling in love with her.



CHAPTER 13

	Anna’s phone rang at 7 pm. Anna woke up slowly and dug it out of her purse. “Hello?”
	“Are you asleep?”
	“Not anymore, Jonah. What time is it?”
	“8:15.”
	“What?” Anna sat up quickly and looked at the clock. “You liar!”
	Jonah was laughing. “You’re awake now.”
	“Bite me.”
	“I intend to.”
	Anna smiled. “What are you doing?”
	“I just left the station. I am going to stop by the store and grab a couple things. I should be home about half an hour, 45 minutes or so. Still coming?”
	“Wouldn’t miss it. It’s been a long time since anyone cooked for me.”
	“Just come on over when you get ready.”
	“Ok, bye.”
	Anna looked around. The television was off and there was no sight or sound of Nick, Greg, or Rodney. The pain medicine had kicked in during her nap so her foot was not hurting. She went to the bathroom and pulled out the small makeup kit Cynthia had given her. She put a bit of eye shadow and liner on. She pulled the elastic band from her hair and brushed it out. It was wavy from where she had put it up wet then slept on it. She brushed her teeth and went to change clothes. Her eyes caught the clock. 7:42 pm. “Damn, this girly stuff takes too long.”
	She went to her bedroom. As she stepped inside, she saw the outline of a figure pass by in front of her window. Jonah was home. –No time to change all my clothes- She jerked her shirt off and pulled on a light blue sweater. She grabbed a perfume bottle and sprayed her wrists and rubbed them together. She stuck her phone in her back pocket then grabbed her keys and crutches. She went outside to Jonah’s door which was at the end of the walkway. There was heat coming off the grill beside the door.

	Jonah answered when she knocked, still in his work clothes. –Damn- she thought. –I think I just got a thing for uniforms, too-. “Hi,” she said.
	“Hey. Come in.” He closed the door behind her. His apartment was set up opposite of hers. He kept a very clean home. “Grab a seat. I’ll go shower right quick.” He started to the bathroom but stopped and walked back to her. “I forgot something.” He leaned down and kissed her. “Missed you today.”
	She smiled. “Missed you, too.”
	He went to his bedroom and grabbed shorts and a tee shirt and walked to the bathroom but didn’t close the door. “What did you do today besides nap?”
	She walked into the living room. “Tomi took me to a music store. I bought a digital piano.” She heard the shower come on and the curtain open and close.
	“Really? How did you get it up the stairs?” he called from the shower.
	“I didn’t. It is being delivered Friday.” She tried to distract herself from thinking of him naked in the shower by looking at family pictures on the walls and book shelves. She heard the water turn off and him get out.
	He had a couple dozen miniature police cars collected on a shelf. She picked one up and looked at it. Jonah came up behind her and wrapped his arms around her, laying his chin on her shoulder. “My dad used to bring those to me.” I’ve had them since I was a kid.”
	“Wow, they must be antiques by now,” she teased, placing the toy car back on the shelf.
	“Ha ha. I do believe something has to be over thirty years old to be considered antique.”
	“Wait a minute. You aren’t over thirty?”
	“No, I am-wait a minute. How old do you think I am?” Anna tried to get away from him. “No, no. Hold up,” he said, holding her tighter. She laughed. “How old?”
	“Older than me, I thought,”
	“How old are you?”
	“How old do I look?” She asked, putting her hands over his.	
	“I am not playing that game,” he replied and kissed her cheek. “I guess too young, you think I am lying. I guess too old, I am dining alone tonight.”
	“True. I’ll be thirty three in a couple weeks.”
	“Damn, that old?” Anna struggled to get away again. “I am kidding!”
	“How old are you?”
	“I turned twenty six last month.”
	“Oh my God, I am robbing the cradle.”
	He snorted. “Not hardly. So, you think I look older?”
	“Not look, necessarily. You are just way more mature than most boys your age.”
	He picked her up and carried her to the couch. “Boy, hell.” He sat down and pulled her down beside him. He still held her, her back to him. Anna had to admit she was feeling very comfortable with him.
	She looked around and seen more pictures on the end table. “Who are they?”
	He reached over and grabbed a picture with several people. “This is my mom, Joy,” he said, pointing to a woman who he looked just like. She was shorter than everyone else and heavy set. “This is my sister, Jackie.” She was taller than her mother, but not by much. She had long curly hair, and like their mother, was voluptuous. “This is my father, James.” The man in the photo was wearing a police uniform. Sadness washed over Anna. “What’s wrong?” he asked, sensing her change.
	“My dad’s name was James, too.”
	“Was?” Jonah asked.
	“My parents were killed a little over a year ago.”
	He hugged her tighter. “I am sorry. Can I ask what happened?”
	“They went out on their date night and didn’t come home. It was a drunk driver.” Anna stopped. “Sorry, I still get a little emotional.”
	“Don’t you dare apologize. I couldn’t imagine losing my mom and dad, especially at the same time. Then you moved away from everything you know? I’ve never known anyone so strong.” Anna twisted around to face him. He leaned in and kissed her deeply. When he broke it off he said, “When you meet him, you can call my dad Jimmy.”
	“Meeting your family, huh? Wow,” she grinned.
	“I’ve never met anyone like you, Anna. I’m hoping for a lot of things for us.” He kissed her nose before he got up. “Why don’t you find us a couple movies to watch while I start the steaks. My DVDs are in the cabinet under the television.” He stood up and pulled Anna to her feet. He leaned down and kissed her again. “Man, I love to kiss you.”
	“I love letting you.”
	Jonah smiled and went to the kitchen. Anna went to the television cabinet. He had a large flat screen, bigger than hers, and all kinds of DVD players, stereos, surround sound. Anna slipped her cell out of her pocket and sent a quick text to Becka. On a date with hot neighbor. I’ll get a pic in a bit. PS he is only 26! She put her phone back and picked out a couple movies. Her phone beeped. Becka had replied. Go cougar!
	Anna walked into the kitchen after laying the movies on the coffee table. She snapped a picture of him using her phone. “Get a good shot?” he asked.	
	“Yep. My best friend back home, Becka, threatened me with bodily harm if I didn’t send her a picture of you.”
	“Hmmm, telling your friends about me. That’s a good sign.”
	“Want some help?” He had a plate of raw steaks and a plate of cut up vegetables.
	“Want to come out and talk to me?” he asked.
	“Of course.” Anna supported herself on the walls and walked down the hall slowly behind Jonah. “Not a word,” she warned, pointing a finger at him.
	“Yes, ma’am,’ he replied, opening the door with his foot. After a few seconds he added, “Any time today, grandma.”
	“Ouch,” she laughed as she hopped up to him. “An injury and an age joke.”
	“Maybe you could draw disability and social security.”
	“I’d smack you, but I’d get charged with child abuse,” she came back.
	He threw his head back and laughed. “Good one. Here, hold this please.” He handed her the plate of squash and onions. He put four steaks on to cook, switched plates with her, and put the vegetables on the grill. He set the empty plates on a small table beside the grill.
	“How was your day?” Anna asked, trying to make small talk.
	“Good, dear,” he replied, playfully. He pulled her to him in tight hug. “It’s much better now.”
	“I was hoping you’d say that.”
	Jonah kissed her until she was dizzy. She reached up and put her arms around his neck. Suddenly, the grill made a loud scraping sound on the concrete. Jonah pulled back and looked. Anna opened her eyes and saw Greg standing beside the grill, grinning. “Maybe it’s off balance,” she suggested. “Why don’t you go get something to put under it?”
	Jonah glanced up and saw her staring at nothing, but from the sound of her voice, he didn’t argue. “Ok,” he replied slowly.
	As he walked down the hall, Anna shut the door. “Rule number three: the boundary thing now exists to Jonah’s entire apartment. Spread the word.”
	“You have too many rules,” Greg said.
	“I like this guy so stop screwing around?”
	“What about Nick?” Greg questioned.
	“What about him?” Anna asked perplexed.
	“Don’t you think it’s a little inappropriate to be fondling some other guy in the next apartment over?”
	Anna was taken aback. “What in the hell are you talking about? You are all dead. D.E.A.D. Spirits. Ghosts.”
	“That isn’t stopping Nick from falling for you.”
	“What?” Anna heard Jonah coming. “If you don’t leave, I swear I’ll throw you in a salt circle and leave you for eternity. And Nick isn’t falling for anyone,” she added before Greg disappeared.
	The door opened and Jonah came out. “Who were you talking to?”
	“Oh. Tomi called. She’s on a date and was giving me a quick update.”
	“She’s falling for him?”
	“What?” Anna asked.
	“I heard something about someone falling for someone.”
	“Oh.” Anna didn’t know what to say. “I think you need to tend your meat.”
	“Nice change of subject.” Jonah flipped the steaks over. He tried wobbling the grill, but it didn’t budge. “Weird.”
	“Yes, I know you are,” Anna joked, trying to distract him.	
	“You are a real comedian. Want to hear something? I told my partner about you today.” Jonah laid the spatula down and pulled Anna to his chest again.
	Her heart hammered. “Really? What did you say?”
	“I said ‘Tony’, that’s his name. Tony. Actually, it’s Antonio, but he goes by Tony.” Anna laughed. “Anyway, I said ‘Tony, I’ve got a date tonight with the most beautiful woman in the world.’” Anna blushed. “’She has the most beautiful green eyes, softest lips, and most lush body.’”	
	Anna giggled. “You did not.”
	“Yes, I did. Want to know what he said?” Anna nodded. “He said ‘Joan’, he calls me Joan thinking he is funny. ‘Joan, in the three years you’ve been my partner, I have never heard you talk about a girl. She must be a special woman.’ I said ‘She is. I hope she’ll stay around a while.’”
	“You haven’t dated in three years?”
	“I’ve had a few dates,” Jonah confessed, “but never met anyone I wanted to be in a relationship with. Until you, that is.” He leaned down and kissed her.
	Anna’s head swam with excitement. He kissed her till she pulled back and coughed. “Smoke,” she managed to get out.
	“Damn.” Jonah grabbed the spatula and plate and threw the food from the grill onto the plate. “Not too bad. We may have lost some onions. You distract me.”
	“Oh, ok. Blame me, but I do believe it was you filling my head of promises of wanting me.”
	“That’s true. You are forgiven. Let’s go in and eat.” Anna opened the door and let Jonah in first. She looked behind her. No sign of anyone, living or deceased.
	Anna let Jonah fix her a plate and drink as she waited on the couch. “I can serve myself,” she said.
	“You are my guest. I want to sweep you off your feet with my manners and amazing cooking skills.” The meal was delicious, Anna had to admit. They ate while watching a comedy. “I can’t believe you picked out Blazing Saddles,” Jonah said, looking impressed.
	“I love Gene Wilder. He is one of my favorite actors.”
	Anna’s second choice didn’t go over as well. “Ghost?” Jonah asked as it came on. “I don’t even remember buying this one.”
	“It’s a love story,” Anna protested.
	“He’s a ghost.”
	“So?”
	“There is no such thing,” Jonah said.
	Anna felt her heart drop to her stomach. “Says who?”
	“Says…a lot of people.”
	“You don’t believe in any paranormal? Ghosts, psychics, anything,” Anna asked.	
	“No. When you are dead, you are dead. Any “psychics” are just cons trying to get money out of grieving families.”
	Anna felt like crying. “Wow.” Jonah stood up, gathered their plates, and went to the kitchen. Anna decided to change the subject. “So, when are you off from work again?”
	“Would have been Friday, but I switched. I’ll be off Saturday, Sunday, and Monday.”
	“What time do I need to leave?”
	“Stay all night if you want to,” he replied, walking back into the living room and sitting down beside her. He put his arm around her shoulder. She laid up against him.
	“We aren’t going to watch any more television, are we?” she asked as he leaned in to kiss her.
	“If you’d rather,” he said, leaning back.
	Feeling bold, Anna raised her head and kissed him, then pushed him back down on the couch. He wrapped both arms around her, pulling her on top of him as he slide down. 
	“Ow!” Anna cried as she quickly sat up. 
	“What?” he asked, sitting up. “You ok?”
	“Yeah, my foot got pressed up against the couch.” She twisted to free her foot. The elastic bandage had come loose and unraveled from around her leg.
	“Here, let me fix that.” Jonah stood up then sat down on the coffee table and Anna sat back as he pulled her left foot into his lap. He expertly wrapped her foot and ankle. He looked at her. “Better?”
	She smiled. “Much.” She felt every nerve in her body go on edge as he slid his hands up her legs and thighs. He stretched his body over top of hers and captured her mouth with his lips, laying her back down on the couch. She almost couldn’t breathe as she reached her hands behind his head to run her fingers through his hair. She pulled his face harder to hers as he deepened the kiss. Her tongue mingled with his, and he let out a low moan. He placed his weight on top of her and slid his hands under her shirt around her back. She could feel his erection pressed against her.
	His mouth left hers and slid down her throat. She closed her eyes and let out a moan of pleasure as he licked and kissed her neck. Her mind raced. -Do I want this?- Her body screamed out “Yes!”
	But when Jonah’s hand slid around her body to rub her already hard nipples through her bra, she grabbed his hand as her mind took over. Her breath was ragged as she said,” We need to stop.”
	He looked up at her, lust filling his eyes. “Yeah. We need to slow down.” Anna was relieved. “I want you, Anna, more than I’ve wanted anything, but I want you for a long time.” He kissed her softly. “I don’t want to see anyone else. Every moment of time, I want to spend getting to know you. I don’t want to ruin this by sleeping together too soon.”
	Anna was so touched, she could have cried. “You have made me speechless again,” she laughed. “I don’t know what to say.”
	“Say you’ll be mine and only mine. Say you want me, too.” He kissed her cheek and forehead.
	“I would like that, and I want you, too.” He kissed her deeply.
	They lay on the couch for a while kissing and snuggling. He did not try to go any further. At nearly midnight, Anna shifted her weight and said, “I need to go. You need to get to bed.” He had laid his head on her chest and had gone to sleep.
	“You are so soft,” He mumbled as he came to.
	“Yeah, that’s the benefit of big boobs.” He laughed and got up. He pulled her to her feet. She hobbled to her crutches, and they made their way to the front door. He walked her outside to her door. She opened it and turned back to him. “Thank you for everything.”
	“My pleasure.” He kissed her and hugged her hard. “Sleep tight, sweetheart. I’ll call you tomorrow.” She replied, “Okay,” and went inside.
	She pulled her phone out and sent Tomi a message you still up? She went to the bathroom and washed her face and changed into her pajamas. Her phone pinged.
	Yeah. How’d things go?
	He asked me 2b his gf
	Shut up! What did u say?
	Yes, of course
	He is so hot. I am sooooo jealous
	How did ur date go?
	Anna went to her bedroom and laid down. She read Tomi’s reply. Great. He’s cute, has manners & is smart. We r going out again sat.
	Anna replied I am so happy 4u. go 2 bed. U got work 2morrow
	TY. Yeah, wish I could hit the lottery. Ttyl
	Anna plugged the charger into her phone and turned out the lights. She pulled the covers over her. Nick appeared beside her. She jumped, startled. “Shit,” she cursed. “Stop doing that!” He said nothing. He slid closer to her in the bed. “What are you doing?” she asked. He quickly kissed her.
	She felt his lips move on hers, his tongue slid into her mouth. This was so much different than Jonah’s kiss, hungrier. Nick made her entire body ache with an instant desire she’d never known before.
	Anna felt the blanket slide from her body. Nick’s body. Nick’s body shifted onto hers. She couldn’t feel a weight, but she felt the heaviness of his spirit. Her mind screamed –You can’t! It’s forbidden!- But her body was too far gone to acknowledge her thoughts. It demanded release. 
	Nick’s kiss left her mouth. She felt a sharp, icy lick on her breast. She cried out, arching her back. She distantly heard Nick moaning as he suckled her.
	He shifted and whispered in her ear. “Remove your panties. I don’t want to do this through your clothes.” She removed her sleeping pants and underwear. “Open your legs for me.” Anna had to do what he asked, her body moved on its own accord. She had no idea what he was about to do, but when she felt his frigid tongue lick her, she eyes flew open and she screamed as she instantly orgasm.
	“Oh my God, Nick!” she cried as he continued. After she came again, he moved on top of her. Her breathing was labored, her hands still clutching the sheets. “I have never felt…” She lost the ability to talk as she felt him enter her. He was cold and hot at the same time. Anna forgot how to breathe.
	Nick kissed her furiously as he made love to her. As she cried out for a third time, he whispered in her ear, “I love you.” He then moaned as he found his own release.
	Anna pulled the comforter over her half naked body after Nick moved to lay beside her. She looked into his eyes, still breathing hard. “I didn’t even know that was possible,” she whispered.
	“I didn’t either,’ he whispered back. He was more transparent than before. “I haven’t been so drained of energy in a long time.”
	“Yeah, me either.”
	Nick chuckled. “You are so beautiful lying here.”
	Anna’s eyes drifted closed. “Stay with me?” she asked.
	“Of course, my love. Anything for you.”
	Anna fell asleep, her heart full, and her body sated.
	She came awake slowly. She sat up, not really wanting to be awake, but the need to use the bathroom was too great. When she stood up, she was still naked, her clothes on the floor. The previous night came back to her. “Oh my God. What have I done?”
	She used the bathroom then came back to the bedroom. “Nick?” No answer. She thought -Maybe I dreamed it all- but her body was sore from love making. 
	She looked at the clock. It was only 5:30 am so she decided to go back to sleep. Where had Nick gone?




CHAPTER 14

	Nick sat on the beach absorbing the energy from the waves. He didn’t want to leave Anna but he knew he needed to replace the energy he’d used last night. There were several spirits restless this morning, walking about. Still, he was surprised when Greg sat down beside him. “What happened?” he asked Nick.
	“None of your business.”
	“You told her?”
	“Yeah.”
	“And damn the consequences?”
	“Yeah.”
	Greg became quiet. “Why are you setting her up? If you truly care about her, let her live her life. She is happy and excited over the neighbor guy.”
	“She can be happy with me,’ Nick replied, watching the waves wash in.
	“Maybe for a while, but what happens when she needs more? Craves a solid physical touch? Wants marriage? Kids? The parlor tricks and transparent touches we do, and whatever freaky power thing you can do, won’t be enough.” Greg stood. “You need to let her be alive and let yourself be dead.”
	Nick didn’t respond as Greg walked away. He stood up and walked into the ocean. He closed his eyes and pulled in as much energy as he could hold. She would be awake soon. He flashed into the bed where she lay asleep, crying.



CHAPTER 15

	Three bullets ripped into her body. Fire erupted in her neck, thigh, and chest. She screamed in pain and fell to the ground. She reached a shaky hand to her breast to touch where she’d been hit. She looked down, expecting to be covered in blood, but her hand was clean.
	Blue lights flashed in her face. She heard voices, but they faded. The pain increased to the point that she thought her body would actually catch on fire.
	Tears flowed down her face as she jerked awake, sobbing. She hated the D	eath dreams. Nick lay beside her, watching her face. He reached up and wiped at her tears. One only slid down her face faster, leaving a wet trail on her cheek. “I wish I could wipe your tears away.”
	Anna said nothing, then, “I was up earlier. You were gone.”
	“I went to the beach.”
	Anna felt like crying, only this time for herself. “We need to talk.”
	“No,” he said simply.
	She continued to lay on her side, staring at him. “You know this isn’t right. I don’t even understand how you, we, could. The only thing close was when cousin, Lillian, was attacked by an incubus. You said you aren’t a demon.”
	“I am not,” Nick replied. “I am not like other spirits. I don’t know how or why. I swear to you, Anna, I have never touched anyone like I touch you.”
	“I hope not, Nick. This isn’t a game. I am afraid of the consequences.” She sat up. “You won’t be able to move on as you are supposed to. You aren’t meant to stay here.”
	He sat up beside her. “You don’t understand. There has never been a way out for me. No light, no tunnel, no portal to Heaven, or to Hell, for that matter. Maybe I’ve been left here for this. For you. Us.”
	She shook her head. “It doesn’t work like that. You haven’t finished your business here. You need to figure what that is, complete it, and move on.”
	“And until then?” he asked, leaning in to kiss her.
	She wanted his touch so much but forced herself to stand. “Until then, this doesn’t happen.”
	“I want you, to be with you.” He looked so hurt, Anna felt guilty.	
	“We are friends, Nick. That’s all. I’ll help you find out whatever you need to do and cross over.” Nick nodded but had no intention of leaving her. She picked up her phone and stopped to look back at Nick before walking out. “I need some private time. Could you leave me alone for a couple hours?” He nodded and vanished. She felt his presence leave the apartment.
	She went to the living room and opened her laptop. She signed into her email and sent a quick message to Becka about Jonah. After hitting send, she pulled up an archived email from her cousin, Lillian. She had never been close to her mom’s side of the family, but several had sent their condolences last year. Lillian had been in Italy and been unable to attend the funeral but had sent Anna her contact information if she needed to talk. 
	Anna hesitated then dialed Lillian’s cell phone. After three rings, Anna began to be relieved, thinking she’d just get her voice mail.
	On the fourth ring, “Hello?” Like all of her mom’s family, Lillian had a southern accent.
	“Hi. Um, is this Lillian?
	“Yeah,” Lillian replied, cautiously. “Who’s this?”
	‘This is Anna. Anna McCa-“
	“Oh my gosh!” Lillian interrupted. “Anna! How in the world are you?”
	“I’m ok,” Anna replied, relieved Lillian remembered her.
	“I heard you moved to California.”
	“Yes, to Huntington Beach.”
	“Cool! I was in L.A. a while back for an exorcism.” Lillian was a self-proclaimed demonologist. Like nearly all of her cousins, Lillian had paranormal abilities. “It got gruesome. It was great. How is beach life? Been ghost busting much?”
	“That’s kinda why I’m calling, Lillian.”
	“Please, don’t call me that. It’s Lill.”
	“Ok, Lill. Let me ask you a hypothetical question,” Anna started.
	“Shoot.”
	Anna rubbed her eyes. This was going to take forever if Lillian continued to interrupt her. “Ok. Let’s say a person is haunted.”
	“Ghost? Demon? Ghoul?”
	Anna sighed. “Ghost. A good ghost who doesn’t want to move on. This person and the ghost form a….friendship.”
	“Why?”
	“Why what?” Anna asked.
	“Why did the person form a friendship?” Lillian questioned.
	“You’ve never became friendly with a spirit?”
	“Been friendly, yes. Been friends, no.”
	“This is just hypothetical, ok? Anyway, it is a friendship. A close friendship.” Anna paused. “Very close.”
	“As in fucking close.”
	“Lillian!” Anna cried out. She’d forgotten her cousin tended to be a bit vulgar.
	“You are sure this is a ghost and not some demon.”
	“Positive. Mom always talked about the boundaries between the living and the dead and how that was never to be crossed. She just never said why or what the consequences were.”
	“Yeah, my mom does, too.” Lillian’s mom and Grace had been sisters.
	“I thought since you’d dealt with…When you were attacked…”	
	“When the incubus tried to screw me? Yeah, not fun. But since this is a spirit, I don’t know. Why doesn’t he move on?”
	“He thinks he is in love with me.”
	“Hypothetical, huh?” Anna cringed. “So, how was it?”
	“Lillian, I am not answering that!” Vulgar and blunt.
	Lill laughed. “That good, huh?” Lill drew a breath. “How did it happen? I am a little rusty when it comes to sex, but I am pretty sure a penis is inserted-“
	“He isn’t like a normal spirit,” Anna started, embarrassed. “He draws energy which makes him more solid than a normal ghost.”	
	“Yeah, solid.”
	“I shouldn’t have called,’ Anna said, closing her eyes in frustration.
	“No, no. I am only teasing. I am sorry. I guess the question is, how do you feel?”
	“I just need to know what will happen.”
	“And that means you love him, too. Let me talk to my mom and a couple colleagues. I’ll get back to you,” Lill said.
	“Don’t you dare mention my name,” Anna warned.
	“I promise. This is between you and me.” Lillian hung up.


						
CHAPTER 16

	The rest of the week was relatively quiet. Anna spent the evenings with Jonah; eating supper, watching television, and learning about each other. She had not seen or heard from any of her paranormal roommates. Unbeknownst to her, Nick watched her sleep every night, disappearing as she stirred before she woke.
	Friday at 1 pm, someone knocked on her door. She answered to find a teenage boy with a “The Chained Melody” work shirt and name tag declaring him “Gregory”. “Are you Anna McCarty?” he asked, reading off a clipboard. 
	“Yes,” she replied with a smile.
	“Cool accent,” he grinned in return.
	“You heard my accent in only one word?”
	“Georgia?”
	“North Carolina,” she corrected.
	He laughed. “You made two words sound like six.” He walked away and down the stairs to a large van. “This is the place,” he called to someone. The passenger door on the van opened and another man, older than Gregory stepped out. Together they brought her small piano into the apartment. They placed it in the corner she had cleared out that morning for it. Gregory pulled out a bag of cords and began hooking them in as the other man, “Bob”, as his tag indicated, went back to the van for the bench and other items they couldn’t carry the first trip.
	After thirty minutes, they declared it was ready. She sat down and played a few notes of Unchained Melody much to their amusement. “It sounds great, guys. Thanks.” She hesitated. “I don’t mean to sound dumb, but do I tip you?”
	Bob snorted and walked out. “Nah,” Gregory said, “but I’ll let you take me out sometime.”
	“How old are you?” Anna asked, shocked.
	“18. I am legal.”
	“I am incredibly flattered and all, but that isn’t happening.” She ushered him to the front door.
	“You are what? 23? 24? That isn’t too much difference. I am mature for my age.”
	She pushed him outside. “Add ten years to that, and it is a huge difference. Thanks again.” She managed to get the door closed. “Wow,” she breathed. 
	“Can’t blame him,” Rodney said from the kitchen as she walked by. “He was a horny teenager who saw a cute girl with big-“
	“Ok, yeah, I got it,” Anna interrupted. She walked back to the piano. “What have you been up to? You haven’t been here much.”
	“Around.” He appeared beside her on the piano bench. He watched and listened without interrupting her as she played a couple songs. Anna could tell something was bothering him, but knew he’d talk when he was ready. “I’ve never been very good at asking anyone for anything,” he started, not looking at her.
	“You are ready to go?” she asked softly when he didn’t continue.
	“Almost,” he replied just as softly. He looked up at her. “Don’t get me wrong, it’s been fun as hell being here to annoy you.”
	“I am sure. I’ve enjoyed you being here. It definitely hasn’t been lonely,” she said smiling. “How long have you been dead?”
	“Six years. Word of advice? If a buddy says ‘Hey, I bet you $100 you can’t jump Greystone Gorge’, don’t race your motorcycle out to try.”
	Anna flinched. “I am sorry.”
	“It was dumb. And I lost $100.” He paused before continuing. “I have a sister. She is having a hard time still. Yesterday, was my deathday. Like a birthday, but it was when I-“
	“Yeah, I got it.”
	“Anyway, I’ve been watching her, my sister, a lot lately. I was there yesterday. I heard her talking to my Mom on the phone.”
	“Where does she live?”
	“Topeka.”
	“As in Kansas?”
	“Yeah, so do my parents. I can’t leave them all still mourning me. Patty said she was so afraid she wouldn’t see me in Heaven. You gotta tell her something for me.”
	“I can try.” He gave her a phone number. She dialed. “Hello,” she replied when a woman answered. “Is this Patty?”
	“Yes. Who is this?”
	“My name is Anna. You don’t know me. I am a friend of your brother, Rodney.”
	“He’s dead,” she replied bluntly.
	“Yes, I know. Yesterday was the anniversary.” Anna had never done this over the phone. “You are still trying to deal with it.”
	“Of course. It was so stupid of him.” Patty paused. “I am sorry, who are you again?”
	“Anna McCarty. I don’t want to make this harder on you, but,” Anna hesitated. Rodney whispered in her ear. “Do you remember Big and Little JoJo?” There were several moments of silence.
	“How do you know that?”
	“Please, try to keep an open mind for a minute.” Again silence. “Rodney told me. Just now.”
	“You are a serious fucking-,” Patty started yelling.
	“Tell her Big JoJo said to bite her tongue and shut her teeth.” Anna repeated it to Patty. She stopped cursing and got quiet.
	“I’ve had this gift all my life,” Anna explained. “I met your brother when I moved to California. He was, uh, occupying my apartment. To be honest, he has spent most of his time playing pranks on my.”
	Patty laughed. “Yeah, that was Rod; the eternal jokester. So is he ok?”
	“Yeah, he is ok. He came to visit you yesterday, and he heard you on the phone with your mom. He is ready to move on, but he needs you to know something before he can go.” Anna paused to take a breath and heard Patty quietly crying. “He told me that several years ago he met a girl and they started dating. She was a very nice, sweet, Christian girl. She went to church every Sunday and got him to go, too. Even though the relationship didn’t work out, he continued to go to church. He wants you to know he was saved and will meet you in Heaven when it’s your time. And he loves you and your mother very much.”
	Patty choked out a “Thank you,” between sobs before hanging up.
	“Thank you,” Rodney said. Anna smiled. “I wanted to see them again before I go, but my ride’s here,” he said, nodding to the center of the room. Anna turned and seen a white gate bathed in pure white light. “Tell Nick and Greg I appreciate everything they’ve done for me, and I’ll see them again. I’ll miss you, Anna. You’ve been a lot of fun.”
	“I’ll tell them. I’ll miss you, too. Thank you for helping me accept myself and embracing my full gift.”
	Rodney just nodded and looked to the center of the room. Then, he quietly faded away. The gate and light faded after he left.
	Anna wiped tears off her cheeks. She really was going to miss him. If it was this hard to let go of Rodney, how was she going to let Nick go?
	Her phone rang. She answered it after composing herself. “Hello?”
	“Hello, beautiful.”
	“Hi, Jonah. How is your day?”
	“It was busy this morning. Wrote a couple tickets, broke up a fight between an 83 year old man…and his dad.”
	“Oh my,” Anna laughed. “How old was dad?”
	“102. The son was convinced his dad was trying to steal his girl.”	
	“How funny.”
	“What have you been up to?”
	“My piano was delivered a little while ago.”
	“Sweet. You can play for me.”
	“If you are good,” she taunted. “I gotta go to the store and pick up some printer paper to print off blank music sheets.”
	“If you can wait till I get home, I’ll take you. I need a few things, too, and I’d much rather shop with you.”
	“Sure. Will you be here after 7?”
	“Traffic and job willing. See you later, baby.” He hung up. Anna sat at her piano and practiced for a couple hours before showering and dressing in a sundress and cardigan. She took extra time on her hair and makeup. She had to admit she liked being more feminine.
	There came a knock on the door. “It’s open,” she called as she put away her brush and makeup into the medicine cabinet.
	“Anyone home?” Jonah called out as he came down the hall. He nearly ran into her as she stepped out of the bathroom. “Wow,” he said, taking a step back, looking her up and down. “You look great.”
	She blushed. “Thank you. I gotta tell you that uniform is really doing it for me.”
	“Really now?” he replied, moving closer. Even in heels she had to look up to look him in the eye. He wrapped his arms around her before lowering his head to kiss her.
	Just as she started to relax into him, a picture on the wall behind him fell and broke as it hit the floor. Jonah jumped and stepped back from her. Even though she couldn’t see him, Nick was very close by. Jonah picked up the picture and looked at the wall, then frowned. “The nail must have come loose.”
	Anna took the picture from him. “These are my parents,” she explained. “Grace and James.”
	“You look just like your mom,” Jonah commented.
	“Thank you.” Anna laid the picture on the sink. She turned back to him. “Do you need to change?”
	“Nah. I think I am changing our plans though. You look too good to waste buying paper and Tide.” He took out his cell phone and speed dialed a number. “Hey, Tony. Yeah, I know.” Jonah rolled his eyes. He was quiet while Tony talked. “Kiss my ass. Shut up a second and let me talk. You know how you’ve been bitching lately about Liz wanting to go out more? Tell her to get ready. We’re going to MonteVille.” Another pause. “No, not me and Liz. You and Liz and me and Anna. We’ll be there in an hour. We’ll pick you up.” Jonah grinned at Anna. “You love my car. Yeah, it’s only got two doors. You ain’t too old to climb around.”
	Anna interrupted him. “We’ll take my Cherokee.”
	“Yeah,” Jonah continued. “She has a Jeep. Fine, fine. See you then.” He ended the call. “You ready?”
	“Yep.” She grabbed her purse off the kitchen table and dug her keys out then handed them to him. “Guard it with your life,” she instructed.
	He locked the door behind them then followed her down the stairs. “Trust me this much?” he asked as they walked through the parking lot.
	“Yes,” she replied, looking up at him as he opened her door. “I do.” His smile was so big it melted her. He gave her a quick kiss.
	It took a little over an hour to drive to Tony’s house. Anna was extremely nervous. She wasn’t aware of how much she was talking until they pulled into a driveway and she shut her mouth. “You’ll be fine,” Jonah reassured her as he brought her hand to his lips. He opened his door. “They’ll love you as much as I do.”
	Anna looked sharply at him. He was halfway out the door when he realized what he’d said, froze, and looked back at her. “It’s ok,” she said. “I know what you meant.”
	He got out of the Jeep and came around to open her door. She got out and stood in front of him. “Anna, I…I mean….” He took a deep breath. “I haven’t known you very long, but you mean more to me than anyone ever has before. No one has made me feel like this. I don’t want to scare you away.”
	“I don’t frightened easily,” Anna managed to say while holding her breath.
	Jonah caressed Anna’s face with his hand and looked into her eyes. “I am in love with you, Anna.” He leaned down and kissed her.
	“Hey, I am going to lose my appetite watching that shit,” someone yelled. Jonah broke the kiss, and Anna looked up to see Jonah’s partner and his wife walking towards them. By his accent, Anna guessed he was from New Jersey.
	Antonio had very short, jet black hair, dark olive skin, and dark eyes. He could have walked off the set of the Sopranos. Like Jonah, he still had his uniform on. His wife had long, fire red hair that was found only in a box. She was at least two inches taller than her husband. Anna had no idea clothes came in negative sizes.
	She walked up to Jonah and gave him a chaste hug. “It’s good to see you again,” she smiled warmly. She had an accent similar to Tony’s. She held out her hand to Anna. “Hi, I am Elizabeth.”
	Tony snorted. “She’s Liz.”
	“And you are very uncouth,” Liz told her husband.
	“Do I need to bring a dictionary?”
	“You’d have to be able to spell dictionary before you could find one.”
	Anna couldn’t help but laugh. “They’re like this all the time,” Jonah said. Tony came up to Anna and embraced her. “Hey,” Jonah protested.
	“You get to hug my old lady, I get to manhandle yours.’ He winked at Anna. “It’s nice to finally meet you, Anna. I’ve heard a lot about you.”
	She felt her face flush. “It’s very nice to meet you both.”
	“Oh my gosh! What an adorable little accent!” Liz cried out, grabbing Anna’s hand. “You sound like a southern belle or Betty Davis in Gone With the Wind or something.”
	“Or something,” Anna replied.
	“You are too cute, too!” Liz looked at Jonah. “Marry this one.” Anna coughed.
	“Ok,” Jonah said, drawing it out. “On that note, shall we go?”
	Anna got back in the front seat and shut her door as Jonah climbed in behind the steering wheel. “This should be an interesting evening,’ she commented to him as Tony and Liz settled in the back.
	‘Try working with it.”
	Tony and Liz took turns talking and arguing the entire drive to the restaurant. Whenever they thought Jonah and Anna wasn’t looking, they would kiss or hold hands. It was obvious how much they loved each other.
	The restaurant was the nicest Anna had ever been. Table clothes and candlelight, soft music in the background all lent to a very romantic feel. Even Tony and Liz became subdued. Jonah held her hand under the table the entire meal. It was the best night of Anna’s life.
	When the bill came, Anna caught a glimpse of the total. She nearly fainted. It was over $200 for the four of them. She pulled her wallet from her purse. “Don’t even think about offering to pay,” Jonah told her. 
	“You either, Joanie,” Tony said, grabbing the bill out of his hands. “It’s my treat.” He looked at Anna. “Happy birthday to you early.”
	“You know it’s my birthday?”
	“April 3rd. And that you’ll be applying for Medicare.”
	“I never said that,” Jonah interjected.
	“Trust me,” Tony continued. “He has told me everything about you. All I hear all day long is Anna this’ and ‘Anna that’. I even know your shoe size.”
	“Thank goodness he hasn’t shared any of your sizes with me,” Anna retorted.
	Liz laughed and started to reply, but Tony clasped his hand over her mouth. “Don’t you say it.”
	Anna laughed. The waiter came for the bill and Tony’s card. Jonah protested again, but Tony ignored him. “It’s too early to go home,” Liz said. “Where else can we go?”
	“Let’s go to Leonard’s,” Tony suggested as the waiter returned with the receipt.
	“What’s Leonard’s?” Anna asked.
	“It’s a little bar on a pier on the beach,” Liz answered.
	“I’ll drive,” Tony offered.
	“No!” Liz and Jonah said in unison. “Trust me,’ Jonah said to Anna. “You don’t want him to drive your truck.”
	“Oh, both of you kiss my-“
	“To Leonard’s it is,” Anna interrupted, standing up.
	Leonard’s was exactly the way Liz described. It was a small building, not much more than a shack, at the end of a pier above the ocean. Anna felt the entire building sway with the rhythm of the waves.
	A waitress came over to take their orders after they sat down. Tony and Jonah ordered beers. Anna followed Liz’s lead and ordered a Smirnoff Ice, not knowing what it was. “Ok, hon,” Liz said to Tony. “Go get the book.” Tony got up and walked to the front of the room.
	“It’s karaoke night,” Jonah explained to her as the waitress came back with their drinks.
	Anna took a sip of hers. “This is good.”
	“You’ve never had an Ice before?” Liz asked.
	“I am not much of a drinker,” Anna explained.
	“Next one, we’ll get a green apple. It’s like a liquid Jolly Rancher.” Tony returned with a large white three ring binder that was filled with laminated pages. Anna heard. “Susan B, you’re next” over the intercom. A small blonde girl with way too much makeup and not enough clothes stepped on a low stage behind a television and took a microphone from a guy sitting at a control panel. The intro to Kesha’s TikTok started. The girl belted out the song. “My ears have to be bleeding,” Liz said.
	“I am going to need way more than one of these to listen to that,’ Anna said, lifting her now half empty bottle. The song ended and everyone clapped. “God is merciful,” Anna laughed, finishing off her drink. Liz flagged down the waitress.
	“Two apple Smirnoffs.” The waitress nodded and walked off.
	“I don’t know,” Anna started to protest. “I am already feeling a little buzzed.”
	“With just one?” Liz asked amazed.
	“Not everyone is drunk like you, sweetheart,” Tony said, putting an arm over Liz’s shoulder.
	“If you want sex tonight, you’d better get me drunk.”
	Jonah choked as he laughed. “TMI, guys.” He turned to Anna. “What are you going to sing? She is a musician,” he explained to Tony and Liz.
	“I don’t think-,” Anna started.
	“Yes, you are,” Liz insisted, pulling the book into her lap. “Here.” She wrote something down on a slip of paper and handed it to Tony, who then got up and gave the paper to the man on stage, all before Anna could protest.
	Anna drank three quarters of the second bottle while two more people attempted to be rock stars. She thought she’d be sick when the announcer called her name. Singing in the car or in front of her parents or Becka was one thing. Live in front of judgmental strangers was something else altogether. She didn’t know what Liz picked. What if she didn’t know it? She slowly climbed the stage and took the microphone. –Oh thank goodness- she thought when Pink’s Fucking Perfect started. When it was over, everyone was quiet. All at once everyone clapped. Someone whistled.
	“Someone needs to sign you!” Liz exclaimed when Anna sat back down at the table.
	“I didn’t know you could sing like that,” Jonah said proudly. Anna beamed at his compliment.	
	Over the next couple hours, she sang two more songs; Paparazzi by Lady Gaga, and when teased about her accent, Redneck Woman by Gretchen Wilson. She also had two more drinks.
	Jonah drove Tony and Liz home and then drove himself and Anna back to the apartments. “This has been so much fun,” Anna said as they walked into his living room.
	“Good. I am glad you had a good time and enjoyed yourself,” he said, taking off his uniform shirt.
	“Did you? Enjoy yourself?” she asked, walking up to stand in front of him, staggering a bit.
	“Very much so.” He laughed at her. “You are drunk.”
	“No. I am buzzed. A lot. I know exactly what I am doing.”
	“And what are you doing?” he asked.
	She reached up and wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him down. She kissed him hard, running her tongue across his bottom lip. He reacted instantly. One hand went around her waist, the other cupped her bottom, pulling her tight against him.
	He broke the kiss and pulled his head back, breathing hard. “Are you sure?”
	She nodded. “Very sure. I…I love you, too.” He released her and took her hand and led her to the bedroom, turning the lights off in the rest of the apartment. He shut the door behind them. Anna was nervous and excited and afraid all at the same time. As he closed the distance between them, he pulled his white undershirt off and unbuttoned his pants. “It’s been a long time…” she started, trailing off as his pants slide to the floor, leaving him only in blue boxer briefs that couldn’t restrain his bulging erection.	
	“How long?” he asked, huskily, taking a step closer to her.
	“Five years or so.” –Not counting Nick- she thought.
	He wrapped his arms around her and hugged her close. “You have no idea how much you mean to me,” he told her. He kissed her forehead, then her cheek, then down the side of her neck until she moaned. He stopped long enough to pull her sweater off then unzipped her dress. He took a step back and slid the dress down her body. She felt very self-conscious until he said, “You are so beautiful.”
	He removed her bra and panties then his own underwear. He led her to the bed and laid down beside her. He ran his hands over her body as he kissed her deeply. For the next two hours, he explored her body with his hands and mouth. When he rolled on top of her and slid inside her, Anna knew she was melting.
	He moaned and shuddered over her then collapsed. He nuzzled her neck. “I love you,” he told her over and over. He rolled onto his side and pulled her to his chest and held her tight. “I love you so much, Anna.”
	“I love you, too, Jonah.” She laid her hands on his muscular chest. –This is what is missing with Nick- she thought as she felt the hardness of his muscles. She fell asleep warm, secure, happy, and feeling loved.



CHAPTER 17

	Anna awoke slowly, tears on her cheeks. Jonah still slept beside her. She wiped her tears. Her movement woke him. “Hi,” he said, stretching.	
	“Hi,” she said shyly.
	“How did you sleep?” he asked, reaching out to cup her face before kissing her.
	“Best I have in a long time,” she replied when he pulled back.
	“Me, too,” he confessed. “What do you want to do today?” She grinned and leaned in to kiss him again. “I like how you think,’ he said, shifting his weight to move on top of her.
	They spent most of the day in his bedroom. They briefly ventured out to the beach but quickly returned after deciding swimming trunks wasn’t the best to wear while having a hard on.
	That evening, Anna stretched languidly. “I need to get some clothes.” She put her dress back on as Jonah watched from the bed.
	“Why don’t you get enough for the next couple days?”
	“Really?” she asked.
	“Yeah, really. Hurry back. I am going to have Chinese food delivered. That ok?”
	“Sounds great. Be back in a few.” She grabbed her keys and phone and walked out the door calling Becka.
	“Hello, stranger,” Becka answered.
	“Sorry. I’ve been kind of….busy.”
	Becka didn’t reply for a moment. “All day?”
	“Mostly.”
	Becka squealed. “Tell me!”
	The phone started beeping. “Damn, the battery is dead. I’ll call later.” The phone died. She went into her apartment and to the bedroom. Nick was lying on her bed. Her heart pounded when she saw him.
	“It doesn’t change anything,” he said.
	“What doesn’t?” she asked as she pulled an overnight bag from the closet and started to pack clothes.
	“Him,” Nick sneered. “He may have you now, give you what I can’t, but you will soon see.”
	“See what, Nick? The only thing I see is my bed through you.”
	“Ouch.”
	“I am happy. Please, just let me be happy,” she said, zipping the bag up.
	“I won’t interfere. But promise me something.”
	“What?”
	He flashed from the bed to standing in front of her. “When he breaks your heart, you’ll give me a chance.”
	“How-,” she started.
	Nick moved closer to her. He leaned down and kissed her. No matter how Jonah made her feel, Nick made her body so hot she thought she’d die. He started to pull back, but Anna leaned into him. She felt his tongue freeze hers as he moaned into her mouth. She felt his icy hands on her body. His fingers slid between her legs and rubbed her. She cried out as she climaxed so hard she nearly went to her knees. 
	Nick pulled back and whispered, “He doesn’t make you feel like that, does he? No matter what you think, you’re mine.” He kissed her softly. “I love you.” He vanished. Anna gathered her strength and went to the bathroom to shower. She dressed in a tee shirt and jeans and packed her toothbrush and toiletries. She went back to Jonah’s.
	After they finished eating, Anna realized she forgot her phone charger. “Let’s go get it. I want to see your piano,” Jonah said.	
	Anna was afraid Nick or Greg would try something. It was all quiet, though. Anna walked into the living room, Jonah in tow. Jonah sat down on the couch. “Play for me,” he said.
	“Yeah, play something for me,” Nick said, appearing beside her on the bench as she sat down. She glanced out of the corner of her eye and turned on the keyboard. She sang as she played My Immortal by Evanescence. She tried to emphasize the lyrics to Nick. “Your presence still lingers here, and it won’t leave me alone…” Nick sang the last line back to her. “But you still have all of me.”
	As the song ended, Jonah walked to her. “You have no idea how impressed I am.” He pulled her to her feet.
	“Thank you. Let me grab my charger.’
	Nick watched as they left. “It’s just a matter of time.”


	
CHAPTER 18

When they were back in Jonah’s apartment, Anna plugged her cell phone in an outlet in the living room and turned it on. Before she could lay it down, it rang. “Hello?”
	“Hey, it’s Lill. Got a minute?”
	“Sure, hang on.” She covered the phone. “Can you give me a minute?” she asked Jonah. “It’s my cousin.”
	“Sure. I’ll go shower.” He kissed her head and headed off to the bathroom.
	“Ok,” Anna said. “What did you find out?”
	“Wait. Who was that?”
	Anna dreaded answering her. “Jonah.”
	“Not the ghost?”
	“No. My neighbor. My…boyfriend.”
	“You have a boyfriend and cheating on him with your ghost lover?”
	“It isn’t like that,” Anna protested but had to admit to herself that was exactly what was happening.
	“Man, I barely have time to do myself much less have two men servicing me.”
	“Lillian, please. What did you find out?” Anna remembered what Lillian’s brother, Robert, had always said about her. Lillian was an emotional vampire. She took so much of your energy to talk to, by the end of the conversation, you were drained and exhausted.
	“I am just envious. Ok. Here’s the deal. There have actually been a few cases documented about this.”
	“Really?” Anna started to feel relieved.
	“Do you remember the story about Aunt Sally?”
	“She was mom’s great aunt.”
	“Yeah,” Lill confirmed. “She told everyone, up to the day she died, that she was in love with someone named Marcus.” Lill paused for dramatic effect. “Marcus was a ghost.”
	“Wait a minute. Didn’t Aunt Sally die in a mental institution?”
	“And there’s your problem,” Lill said. “All of the people who have had relationships with the dead have gone insane.”
	“Like really insane? Not just normal people thinking you’re crazy because you talk to ghosts insane?”
	“I am talking straight jacket, Lithium crazy,” Lillian said. Anna was stunned into silence. “It doesn’t mean you’ll go crazy. I mean if there are documented cases, there are plenty of non-documented ones. Have you Googled it?”
	“Google what? Sex with a ghost?” Lill laughed. Anna heard typing. “Oh my God. Are you on the computer now?”
	“Two million, three hundred, fifty nine thousand, two hundred, and one pages dedicated to ghost porn. I wonder why that guy with that last site thought that there needed to be just one more website.” Lill laughed loudly. “Wow. Ghost bestiality. Really?”
	“Lill,” Anna tried to redirect her. “Lillian,” a little louder when she didn’t seem to be listening to Anna at all.
	“There’s a fetish for everything. Hey, this one looks fun. Add to favorites.” There was a click.
	“Lillian!”
	“Damn, you are uptight for someone who is getting laid. Fine. Let’s see.” There was a pause while she searched websites. “Ok, there are three articles here. I’ll email you the links. If I hear of anything else, I’ll call.”
	“Thank you.”
	“Good luck. And if you are going to go insane, at least enjoy it. Love ya, bye!” She hung up.
	Anna laid the phone down. Jonah came into the living room. “I assume your cousin’s name is Lillian?”
	“Yeah, she tends to be a bit…flighty. Maybe it’s ADHD or something. She can never stay focused longer than twenty seconds.”
	“Good thing you can stay focused,’ he said, then kissed her hand. He led her back to the bedroom.



CHAPTER 19

	The next few weeks flew by. Jonah only left Anna’s side when we went to work. She wrote music and interviewed for two jobs. They double dated twice more with Tony and Liz. Life was feeling very comfortable.
	Nick had been keeping his distance. He would sit and listen to Anna play and compliment her, but did not attempt to touch her. A part of her missed his intimacy.
	One Saturday morning, Anna’s phone went off at 6 am. Jonah answered it. “Hello,” he said sleepily. “No, she’s right here.” He handed her the phone. “I think it’s Becka.”
	“Hello?”
	“Are you living together, and you didn’t tell me?”
	“No, Beck. You still coming?”
	“Yeah, just calling to let you know I’ll be there on the 4 pm flight, your time. You are still picking me up, right?”
	“Yes. We’ll be there.”
	“Jonah is coming, too?”
	“Yes.”
	“Great! I’ve been dying to meet him. I am so excited! Go back to sleep or whatever you were doing. Bye!”
	Jonah rolled over and kissed her when she ended the call. “It’s still dark out.”
	“I’m going back to sleep. You kept me up too late.”
	“You’re getting old. Can’t hang,” he said, yawning. Anna rolled her eyes and snuggled up against him and went back to sleep.
	At 4:26 pm, Anna and Jonah stood at gate 22A as Anna’s friend came running up to meet her. She dropped her bag and hugged Anna, crying. “I have missed you so much!”
	“Wow, two people with that accent,” Jonah said.
	Anna stepped back from Becka. “This is Jonah. Jonah, this is Becka,” she introduced them.	
	“You were right,” Becka said to Anna. “He is a hot stud muffin.”
	“Am I now?” Jonah said, raising his eyebrows at Anna.
	Her cheeks flaming, she said, “Oh, I see how this week is going to go.”
	They all went out to dinner and back to Anna’s apartment. Jonah excused himself to go home. “You could stay here,” Anna protested.
	“You need time with your friend. Besides, I have to work the next four days, and you’ll just keep me up too late,” he grinned. He gave her hand a kiss and left.
	“You are the luckiest person I know!” Becka squealed after he left. “He is incredible.” At that moment, a glass fell and shattered in the kitchen. Becka jumped.	
	“And that would be Nick disagreeing with you,” Anna explained. They walked into the kitchen. Nick stood by the sink that was now filled with broken glass. “What are you doing?” she asked him.
	“Not a thing.”
	“He’s here?” Becka asked. 
	“Yeah,” Anna replied, walking to the sink and giving Nick the evil eye. “He doesn’t like Jonah or any mention of him.”
	“Ok, no mention of the hottie,” Becka replied. Nick snorted. He walked to Becka and touched her shoulder. She jumped. “Hi, Nick.”
	“In his defense,” Anna said, picking out big pieces of glass to throw away. “He is pretty hot, too.”
	“You can see him now? When did that happen?” Becka asked, sitting down at the kitchen table.
	“A little while back. I stopped fighting it, I guess.” Anna ran water into the sink to wash away any small chards of glass.
	“Where are the others?”
	Anna turned to Becka and leaned against the counter. “Rodney crossed over. I don’t know where Greg is.”
	“He’s in your bathroom. You left the door open, and he’s had a field day with the mirror and your makeup,” Nick explained.
	“Nice.” Anna grabbed some paper towels. “Be right back. I’ve got a mess to go clean up.” Becka laughed after Anna explained what happened. After cleaning a clown looking face off the mirror, Anna sat down with Becka in the living room. Becka caught Anna up on the news back home, about her husband, and about her kids. Anna talked about Nick, after asking him to leave for a while, and she talked about Jonah.
	“Have you told Jonah about your abilities?” Becka asked.
	“No.” Anna rubbed her eyes. “I started to once, but he made a comment about no such things as ghosts and the fruitcakes on television who claim to mediums. I couldn’t really follow it up with ‘Guess what, hon? I am one of those fruitcakes.’”.
	“How do you explain your dreams?”
	Anna remembered the first morning she woke up with Jonah. He was so upset she was crying. “I just tell him I am dreaming something good and getting emotional. I haven’t told him of the other kinds of dreams, especially knowing everything comes true.”
	“You can’t keep it from him forever, you know.”
	“I know.”
	They sat up till 1 am catching up on their lives. Anna played a couple songs and a jingle for denture cleanser that was to be her interview on Thursday. Anna made a bed up on the couch when Becka refused to take the bedroom. “No pranks,” she told Greg and Nick as they appeared in the room.
	“You are seriously cramping my style,” Greg said and vanished.
	Nick followed her into the bedroom as she shut the door. She turned her back to him and changed into yoga pants and a tank top. He lay on the bed, waiting for her.
	“No,” she said as she turned around.
	“I promise,’ he said, throwing his hands up in the air. “I won’t touch you unless you ask.”
	She sighed and laid down, her back to Nick and pulled the covers over her. Even without seeing him, his presence nearly overwhelmed her. Every nerve in her body was on edge. “Hold me?” she whispered, unable to resist the pull. Without a word, she felt his cold arms wrap around her. Powerless to stop herself, she rolled over to face him. She didn’t even finish asking “Kiss me,” before Nick stole her breath as he kissed her. Anna reached for him and found she could touch him. He wasn’t completely solid. The only thing her mind could compare it to was soft Jello. “I can feel you,” Anna said breathlessly as Nick kissed her neck and worked his way down her chest. 
	“Take off your clothes,” he commanded. She did as he asked. “I’ve been absorbing more energy,” he explained as he laid his mouth on her nipple.
	Anna inhaled sharply. She felt his hands rub all over her body. When he reached between her legs and rubbed her, she thought she’d faint.
	As he continued to stroke her towards orgasm, he whispered in her ear, “Do you want me?”
	“Yes,” she moaned.
	“Do you want me to make love to you? Feel me inside you?”
	The need was about to drive her crazy. “Oh God, Nick, please!”
	“Do you love me?”
	Her body slipped over the edge when his fingers slid into her. She cried out as her body was racked by waves of pleasure. She lay there panting, then looked into his eyes. “Yes,” she said, no longer able to deny him or herself.
	He rolled over on top of her. She wrapped her arms around him. “Tell me.”
	“I love you, Nick.” Her eyes closed as he entered her forcefully.	
	“I love you more than life, Anna.” He shuddered and moaned a few moments after Anna found her second climax. Her arms slid through his body as he lost the energy to be nearly solid. He rolled beside her and stroked her face. “Don’t cry,” he said.
	Anna hadn’t realized her tears had left her eyes. “What am I doing?”
	“You’re in love with me.”
	“I’m in love with Jonah.”
	“You love me more.”
	Anna rolled on her back. “This is so complicated. You are like a drug. My whole body craves you, burns for you. But Jonah is real. He is alive.”
	“And he will break your heart,” Nick said calmly.
	“How do you know that?” Anna asked, turning her head towards him.
	“Because I accept you for who you are. Completely. You know he won’t.”
	“I don’t know that,” she argued weakly.
	“Yes, you do or else you’d already told him about you talking to ghosts. You’d have told him about me, about Greg, about crossing Rodney over. You are afraid of what will happen when he finds out.”
	Anna was quiet for a long time. “Know me so well, do you?” Nick didn’t reply. “Since you seem to have all the answers, tell me what to do next?”
 	“You can be with him. I know he has what I don’t….for now. I know in your heart you wish I were him. When you are here, though, you are mine; body and heart.”
	“For how long?”
	“As long as it takes,” he replied.
	“You’ve got it all figured out, don’t you?” she asked.
	“I love you, Anna. Nothing will change that. “You love me no matter how hard you fight it.”
	She returned to looking at the ceiling. She felt his icy arm slip around her. She closed her eyes and fell asleep.
	She awoke the next morning with tears in her eyes as usual. Nick was watching her from the other side of the room. “Plane crash,” she explained, “from Los Angeles to Miami. Everyone will be killed. All but six bodies will be recovered.”
	“How do you deal with that?” he asked quietly.
	She sat up and rubbed her cheeks dry. “You’d be amazed what you can get used to if you have no choice.” She gathered her clothes but paused at the door.
	He walked to her and looked down into her eyes. “You love me, too.”
	“It doesn’t change anything, Nick.” She left the room.



CHAPTER 20
					
	The next several days flew by. Anna enjoyed every minute with Becka. She introduced her to Tomi and Cynthia when they all went out to eat. A couple nights Jonah came by after work and listened to Becka tell ‘when Anna was little’ stories. Thursday, Becka went with Anna for her job interview.
	Before she knew it, it was Saturday, and she was hugging Becka at the airport and saying goodbye. “You are coming in August, right?” Becka asked while embraced, crying. 
	“Yes, I promise.”
	“Tell Nick and Greg I said goodbye,” she whispered. Anna nodded. Becka released her and briefly hugged Jonah. “Make sure I get a wedding invitation,” she told him.
	He laughed. “You are the second person to say that. Don’t be surprised if you get one in the mail soon.”
	Anna just looked at him. Becka laughed and winked at Anna. “I’ll call when I get home.” One last hug and Becka was gone. 
	Jonah put his arm around Anna and walked out to her Cherokee. “So what are we doing today?” she asked.
	“Trust me if I say I’ve got a surprise.”
	“Do I have a choice?”
	“Not this time,” he replied. Jonah drove back to their apartments. He took her hand and instead of walking up the stairs, they crossed the road to the beach. It was cooler, but there was still a lot of people sunbathing, reading, and walking. Jonah stood holding her hand a long time, watching the waves.
	Anna’s hair whipped around her face. She began to wonder if something was wrong. “Are you ok?” she asked. She held her breath as he turned toward her and went to one knee. Several people stopped to watch. Anna was vaguely aware of someone taking pictures.
	“Anna McCarty,” Jonah began. “You are the most wonderful person I have ever been blessed to know. You’ve made my life happier than I even knew possible.” He pulled a small black box from his pocket. “I’ll spend the rest of my life trying to make you as happy as I am if you will be my wife.”
	Anna covered her mouth with her hand. She felt herself cry. She slowly nodded. “Yes,” she managed to say finally. Jonah smiled and stood up. He slipped a diamond ring on her left ring finger. He kissed her then picked her up and spun her around. Anna heard people clapping and someone whistled.
	The person who had been taking the pictures turned out to be Liz. Tony was behind her. He gave Jonah a pat on the back as Liz hugged Anna. Liz wiped Anna’s cheeks. “Oh my gosh, that was the most romantic thing I have ever seen!” she exclaimed.
	“That’s not all,” Jonah said, wrapping his arms around Anna. “We’re spending the rest of the weekend at Belways.”
	“What is that?” Anna asked.
	“It’s a small bed and breakfast at a vineyard up the coast.”
	Anna reached up to kiss him. “Have I told you that you make me speechless?”
	Anna and Jonah went back to their apartments. Anna went to her bedroom to pack as Jonah went back to his. She opened the door and stopped when she got to the end of the front hallway. Everything she owned was in the floor. Clothes, pictures, dishes, sheet music was strewn everywhere. “What the hell is wrong with you?” she yelled.
	Nick appeared before her. “What the fuck do you think is wrong with me?” He looked pointedly at her left hand. “You lay with me, ask me to hold you, want me to make love to you, and then agree to marry him.”
	Anna felt angry tears well up in her eyes. “Am I supposed to share my life with the dead? When is our wedding day, Nick? Oh, that’s right. We can’t marry. You are a ghost. Jonah is alive, and I love him.”
	“You love me more,” he insisted. Anna paused. “Don’t lie. If you care about me, any at all, don’t lie right now. You love me more.”
	Anna looked down. “What can come of me admitting anything?” She looked back up at him. “This is why we shouldn’t have crossed the living and dead boundary. And here I was worried about going crazy. Maybe I already am.”
	“If I were alive, who would you choose?”
	“There’s no point in answering that.”
	“Who, damn it?” he shouted. A vase fell over and shattered somewhere behind him. 
	Anna flinched and closed her eyes. “You. I would choose you,” she said quietly. She moved to pick up clothes out of the floor. “I’ll be home tomorrow night. I expect everything to be back where I had it.” She left Nick in the apartment staring after her.
	Anna was talking on the phone with Becka as they drove home late Sunday evening. “Let me call you back, Beck. Tomi is beeping in.” Anna hit the green answer button. “Hello?”
	Tomi sounded upset. “Is Jonah with you?”
	“Yeah. He is right here. Why?”
	“I am on the way to cover a bank shooting. Five officers were shot. Two are dead. They were all from his unit.”
	Anna drew a breath. “Which hospital?”
	“They are being taken to Huntington Memorial.”
	Anna hung up. “What is it?” Jonah asked, smiled. “You like you’ve seen a ghost,” he teased.
	“We need to get to the hospital,” she said. “There has been a shooting.”
	Jonah stopped smiling. He didn’t ask any questions, just stomped on the gas. His Charger flew down the road.
	He held her hand as they ran into the ER. Tony spotted him and ran up to him. “Who got shot?” Jonah asked. He squeezed Anna’s hand so hard it hurt, but she didn’t protest.
	“Ricky got shot in the leg. They are operating on him now. Jacob was shot in the chest. He died instantly.” Anna didn’t need to hear Tony say where the third officer was shot. She knew. She had dreamed it. She knew without a doubt the one they were operating on wouldn’t make it. “Walter got hit the neck. He bled out in a couple minutes.”
	Anna looked around the waiting room. There were police in uniforms and some in plain clothes. She reached up and rubbed Jonah’s arm. She knew the bank robbers, three of them, had been shot dead. They were standing in the nurses’ station. Two looked confused, but one looked  eerily happy. “I’ll be back in a minute,” Jonah said, then walked off.
	Anna walked to the edge of the nurses’ station. The three recently deceased looked at her. The mean one started towards her. “Don’t bother,” she said, not looking at them. “I see you.”
	He hesitated. “So?” He started towards her again.	
	She glanced at him. “You are dead, you stupid moron. You can’t hurt me.” Nonetheless, she said a protection prayer under her breath. “You have really fucked up,” she told them. “You killed three cops.”
	“He did it,” one of the confused ghosts said.	
	“Yeah, I didn’t even know he had a loaded gun,” said the other.	
	“Marcus said we were just gonna scare them.”
	Anna glanced sideways. “Forgiveness doesn’t come from me. That’s between you and God.”
	The one they named Marcus spit. “There is no God.”
	Anna turned towards him. “Then I feel so sorry for you.”
	“Bitch, I am gonna mess you up,” he threatened as he started toward her. Just then a large crack appeared in the floor, a bright red glow lighting up the entire nurses’ station. Anna felt her hair fly back as an intense heat blew past. She felt instant fear. Marcus looked at her, the same fear apparent on his face, right before he was sucked down. The fissure closed.
	The other two ghosts were on their knees, praying, begging for forgiveness. Anna turned back to watching the ER waiting room. Her voice shook as she addressed the other two spirits. “Do you see a white light? The gate to the other side? Take it. Don’t ever seek me out again if you don’t.” She walked off from the counter. She looked around and sighed with relief when she seen no one had noticed her talking to herself. No one living that is. There were at least a dozen spirits who were looking at her. “I hate hospitals,” she muttered. Most of the ghosts had witnessed the exchange between the bank robbers and were fearful to approach her. Some turned and vanished. Anna was thankful. She did not think she could deal with crossing anyone over after her brush with eternal damnation.
	Jonah walked through a set of double doors. He gathered her into a huge hug. He was crying, but trying not to show it. “Ricky just died. Matthew and Daniel are going to be ok. We got the three asshole.”
	“I know,” Anna replied.	
	“How do you know?” he asked, pulling back.	
	Anna faltered. “I just heard someone talking about it.”
	He nodded and ran a hand through his hair. “Are you ready to go? Nothing else can do here.”
	“Yeah.”
	Anna held Jonah’s hand all the way home. She didn’t interrupt his quiet thinking. She let him have his silence. She was still processing having seen the portal to Hell. She’d seen the gate to Heaven more times than she could remember, but to have seen Hell was almost more than her mind could process. Jonah took her quietness as a reaction to the shooting. “Do you think you can handle it?” he asked her.
	Anna pulled her thoughts back. “What’s that?”
	“Being a cop’s wife.”		
	She took his hand in both of hers and kissed his knuckles. “I can handle more than you think I can. I try to concentrate on the good things, and when the not so good things come along, I’ll deal with it then.”
	“I hope the one that shot them burns in Hell,” Jonah said angrily.
	“He will,” Anna replied, then watched the scenery pass outside her window.
						
CHAPTER 21

	Three days later, Anna stood in front of her mirror in the bathroom dressed in a black dress. She looked at the clock. “What time is the funeral?” Nick asked, leaning against the doorframe.
	“In an hour,’ Anna replied, walking past him. “Jonah will be here in a few minutes.”
	“I am sorry they were killed,” Nick said, following her to the closet. After Anna had gotten home that day, Nick had apologized. There was a strained truce between them.		
	Anna slipped her shoes on. “I can’t stop thinking about seeing that portal. I felt the heat, Nick. Felt it.”
	“You don’t come upon that many evil spirits. Maybe you were meant to see it to warn others.”
	“Whatever the reason, I don’t want to see it again.” Anna heard the front door open.
	“You ready?” Jonah called out.
	“Yes,” Anna replied, grabbing her purse and keys.
	“I am coming, too,” Nick said, following her.
	“No,” she whispered.
	“I can either ride with you or meet you there, but I am going.” Anna couldn’t protest as she met Jonah and locked up.
	“You look very nice,” she commented, straightening his tie.
	“I had been wishing the next time I wore this dress uniform would be at our wedding.” Nick made a gagging noise that Anna ignored.
	The service was for all three officers. Once it ended at the church, the caskets were taken to the graves for a last prayer. Anna and Jonah stood among other officers and their significant others. After a twenty one gun salute, the priest went to each family member on the first row and said a quiet word.
	As most people started to leave, Anna noticed two men at the graves. One was a young African American man. The other was an older white man. Both wore uniforms and were transparent and invisible to those they desperately tried to talk to.
	Anna knew if she went to the graves, Jonah would find out her secret she hid from him. If she didn’t, the ghosts would remain in limbo until they had their say. “It’s not fair to leave them,” Nick said from beside her.
	“No, it isn’t,” she replied. She looked at him and then to Jonah. She released Jonah’s hand and walked down the hill to where an older woman was sitting with two younger women. She looked at the older man. He instantly understood.
	“Tell her there is an extra insurance policy in my bottom, right desk drawer at work.”
	Jonah watched her as he slowly walked towards them. When he got close enough to hear, he saw her bend down and speak to the older woman.
	“I know this is not the time you want to hear this,” she began, “but Walter cannot move on until you do.” The older woman looked at her strangely. “He is here and wants you to know that in the right side of his desk at work, in the bottom drawer, there is a manila folder titled Extra, In Case. Inside is a life insurance policy he took out two years ago and didn’t tell you. He is afraid that it will get thrown away.” Anna stood up and watched Walter smile. “Thank you,” he said. She smiled in return. “You are welcome.” He then vanished into the night.
	Anna turned and seen Jonah, his face white. She started towards him when a young black woman stopped her. “I heard what you told Walter’s wife. Is…Is Jacob here? I feel him here.”
	Anna nodded as Jacob stood beside the girl. “This is my girlfriend,” he explained to Anna.
	“He’s beside you.”
	The girl cried. “Tell him I am so sorry. I should have been the one shot.”
	“No, tell her no. I was off duty, and she asked me to get something for supper. I didn’t have any cash so I stopped in at the bank.”
	“He says he was just at the wrong place at the wrong time,” Anna told the girl. “He doesn’t want you to blame yourself. The one who is to blame is being punished. Don’t punish yourself.”
	“Tell him I love him,” she said.
	“He hears you and says he loves you, too.”
	A moment later, “He’s gone?” Anna nodded. The girl hugged her then walked away.
	Nick appeared beside her. “You have no idea how much good you do for people.” Anna smiled at him then looked towards Jonah. She walked to him, her smile fading.
	“I’ve had this gift since I was a child,” she explained. “All of my life, I’ve been able to help spirits finish their business on Earth and move on. I’ve wanted to tell you so many times before, but I knew how you felt about ghosts and psychics. I am so sorry you had to find out here, like this.” She reached out to him, but he backed away from her. He tossed her the keys to her Jeep. “I will catch a ride with Tony,” he said as he quickly walked away.
	“Jonah, wait,” but she didn’t go after him. She felt tears well up in her eyes. She looked at Nick.
	“Let’s go home,” he said.
#
	For two days, Jonah did not return Anna’s calls. On the third day she went to his apartment and knocked. Nick stood beside her. Jonah opened the door. “Yeah?” He was angry.
	“Don’t you think we need to talk?”
	He came outside, shutting the door behind him. “What about?”
	“You haven’t spoken to me for three days.”
	“What is there to say, Anna?”
	“Why are you so angry at me, go start. I am sorry I didn’t tell you about…”
	“About thinking you can talk to the dead? That you are a freak?”
	Anna’s tears fell before she could stop them. “I am not a freak. I help people who, yes, just happen to be deceased.”
	“You think your apartment is really haunted then.”
	“I don’t think. I know.” He snorted. “There are two ghosts,” Anna continued. “Nick and Greg.”
	“Nick? Really?”
	Anna stopped crying and started to become angry herself. “Yeah, why?”
	“In case no one’s told you, you talk in your sleep. I thought Nick was an ex or something the way you went on about him. Not a figment of your deluded mind.”
	“Ok, number one, just stop. Stop being an asshole. No, I am not like everyone else. I am different, but that does not give you right to disrespect me and call me names. And, two, Nick is quite real, and trust me, when I say, he dislikes you. A lot.”
	“Ooooh, I am so scared.” He held his hand out for the ring on her hand. She took it off and handed it to him. “You are a nut case, and you’d better be glad I don’t have you committed.” The door behind him locked suddenly.
	“Ghosts are very real, Mr. Greene,” Anna said ominously. She smiled as Nick slowly pulled the grill across the concrete making a screeching noise. Jonah’s face when white. Anna turned and started to her apartment. She stopped and turned back. “Oh, I meant to ask. Did they find that extra insurance policy in Walter’s drawer?” Jonah didn’t answer. “Yeah, I thought they would.” Anna went inside as Jonah pounded on his door.
	She went to her bed and fell on top of the comforter. She cried till she had no tears left. Nick lay beside her, not speaking, not touching her. When she could compose herself, she faced him. “Thank you for the grill thing. It was the perfect touch.”
	Nick laughed loudly. “Don’t thank me. Greg’s the one doing all the real damage right now.”
	“What’s he doing?” Anna said, sitting up.
	“Oh, you know. Ghost stuff…in Jonah’s apartment.”
	Anna laughed. “I should be mad, but I am not.” She quit smiling. “I guess you were right after all.”
	“If it’s any consolation, I am not happy to see you so hurt.”
	She laid back and looked at him. “I guess that’s the one good thing with you. You do know all my secrets.” He leaned over top of her. “Can you kiss me? Without it leading to…other things?”
	He lowered his head and touched his lips to hers. “I love you,” he said as he pulled back.
	Anna hesitated and then said, “I love you, too.”
#
	On Wednesday, Anna got a phone call offering her a job. She gladly accepted then called Tomi and Cynthia. She then called Becka with the good news. “You ok?” Becka asked.
	“Yeah,” Anna answered, sitting down on the couch with a bowl of popcorn. “Of course, knowing Greg is torturing him helps.”
	Becka laughed. “You have one seriously messed up life.”
	“Yeah, but I have the greatest friends.”
	There was a scream in the background, “Mommy, she’s got my Playdoh!” “I do NOT!” Becka then said, “Ok, gotta run, bye.” Anna heard Becka say “Who gave you Playdoh?” before the phone clicked.
	“And that’s the reason I never wanted kids,” Anna told Nick who sat beside her.
	“Really? Never?”
	“Not really. Briefly when Becka was pregnant, I thought a baby would be wonderful, but as times goes on, I think I’ve missed that boat.” She turned the television on and hit play on the DVD player.



CHAPTER 22

	The next three months passed by quickly. Anna worked and started making a name for herself in the advertising industry. Some Friday nights, she’d go out with Tomi and Cynthia. Most nights, she stayed with Nick.
	One night as she laid staring into his eyes, after he’d made love to her, she asked, “You’ve never told me how you died.”
	“I don’t remember. I’ve told you that.”
	“And you’ve never seen the light?”
	“No.”
	“What do you remember about being alive, before you were here?”
	“I was a marine. I remember getting a call with my next assignment. I was sent to Iraq,” he said.
	“Do you think you died there? Your body not recovered or something? Not on holy ground?”
	He thought for a moment. “No. I don’t know. Why are you bringing this up now?”
	“I worry about you.”
	He reached out and touched her face. “Why?”
	“You aren’t meant to walk the Earth like this.”
	“Aren’t you happy?” he asked. “With me?”
	“I love you, Nick. That’s why I want you happy. To be where you are supposed to be.”
	“I am supposed to be with you. Period.” He leaned over and kissed her, caressing her body to make her forget she asked.
	Anna woke up, crying, as usual, and alone. She knew Nick often went to the beach to ‘recharge his batteries’ as he put it. She went to the living room and brought her laptop to the bed. She Google searched marine Nickolas Gooden, Iraq War. “Of course,” she sighed as the first ten of 2,457,391 articles was found. She read through the first three when she stopped breathing.
	Nick appeared in the room at that time. “Whatscha looking at?” he asked as he plopped on the bed beside her.
	She looked at him. “You’re not dead.” She turned the computer towards him to read.
	“What are you talking about? I am not alive.”
	“According to this,” she said, pointing at the screen, “you are.”
	“How can I be alive?”
	She turned the screen back to her so she could read it. “Lance Corporal Nickolas Gooden, age 39, remains in a medically induced coma at Boston Medical Center in Boston, Massachusetts. It has been five years since his unit was fired upon during a routine transit in Iraq. Gooden was wounded in the chest, abdomen, and the head. Surgery repaired damage to his aortic artery and a metal plate was implanted into his head. Due to numerous internal shrapnel injuries, both kidneys and the liver were nearly destroyed.”
	Nick did not move as Anna talked. “Lance Corporal Gooden’s rare genetic disorder and rare blood type has made it nearly impossible to find matches. Only one donor has been found, to date, but the organs were too badly damaged to harvest from the car crash that killed the donor. Naomi Gooden, Lance Corporal Gooden’s mother, gave a statement. ‘As long as he has brain activity and breathes on his own, we will keep him on constant dialysis and keep praying.’ Nick, this was dated three weeks ago. Is your mom’s name Naomi?”
	Nick nodded. Anna red through a few more articles before jumping up and running to the bathroom and vomiting. Nick followed her. “Are you ok?” he asked as he went to his knees beside her. “You aren’t pregnant, are you?” he weakly joked.
	“No,” Anna said, looking at him. “There is more to this. You have Sargren’s Syndrome. It is a genetic blood disorder.”	
	“What is it, and how did the military miss it?”
	“They wouldn’t have tested for it. It doesn’t show up on regular tests. It has to do with how the platelets react to red blood cells in the blood stream. Only .2% of the population has it. We are very rare, especially with AB+ blood types.”
	Nick fell back. “We?”
	“It’s the reason my mom and dad didn’t have but one kid. I fell off our porch when I was little, cut my head, arm, and shoulder pretty bad. I lost a lot of blood. They couldn’t give me a transfusion. My grandfather had me tested for Sargren’s because he had it.”
	Anna stood up and walked to the kitchen. She pulled out the phone book and dialed for an airline. “What are you doing?” Nick asked.
	“Going to Boston,” Anna replied. She booked a one way ticket to Boston. After hanging up the phone, she started packing her suitcase.
	“No, Anna,” Nick protested.
	“I am not leaving you in limbo.”
	“What do you think you are going to do?”
	She stopped and looked at him. “Liver regenerates, right? A person only really needs one kidney.” She continued packing.
	“You are not going to give me a kidney and your liver.”
	“Just part of my liver,” she corrected. She went to the bathroom and stepped in the shower after undressing.
	Nick got into the shower with her. “Do you know how dangerous that will be?”
	Anna jumped. “Um, privacy?”
	“Ok, you want to fly across country and give a stranger body parts and you think I care about your privacy?”
	Anna rolled her eyes and shampooed her hair. She finished dressing and packed her toiletries. “The plane leaves in an hour. You flying with me or meeting me there?”
	“Anna, stop!” Nick yelled. She turned to look at him. “Don’t do this.”
	She reached up and kissed him. “All my life I have helped the dead. This is my chance to help the living.”
	“What if you die?”
	“Then either way, we’ll be together.”
	Nick rode beside her in the plane. Anna had bought two seats knowing he would. He held her hand the entire trip but did not speak. Anna hailed a taxi at the airport and checked into a hotel near the hospital. She dropped off her bags then walked the two blocks. She walked to the nurse’s station. “Excuse me. Where is Nickolas Gooden’s room?”
	“Room 917, left wing,” the nurse replied after looking it up on a computer. Nick followed behind her, knowing nothing he could say would stop her. He’d never been more afraid of losing her than he was right then.
	Anna walked into the room. There was only one bed. Anna’s breath caught when she seen Nick lying in it. He was hooked up to many different machines. She heard Nick say behind her, ‘Oh my God.”
	She walked to the bed and slowly touched his hand. His head was turned away from her slightly, but she could tell he had been freshly shaven. “You are so handsome,” she told his spirit.
	Nick walked around the bed. “Oh God, no.”
	“What is it?”
	He flashed beside her. “I am begging you, please don’t do this.”
	She walked around the bed. She almost cried for him. The right side of his face was mostly healed scars. A patch covered his right eye. His neck, shoulder, and right arm were crisscrossed with scars, his pinky finger was missing. She looked at his spirit. “You are so handsome,” she repeated.
	She walked back around the bed just as an older woman carrying a paper cup came in. “Excuse me. What are you doing?”
	“I am sorry. I was just visiting Nick.”
	“Mom,” she heard Nick say.
	“I am sorry, do I know you?” Naomi asked.
	“No, not yet anyway,” Anna said. “I am not exactly sure how to begin.”
	“You aren’t from around here.”
	“No, ma’am. I grew up in North Carolina. I moved to California after my parents died.” Anna was rambling.
	“How do you know Nicky?” his mother ask, getting nervous.
	“I don’t…I mean, I’ve never met him in person,” Anna began. “I found a story about him online.”
	“And you thought you’d just fly all the way to Boston to see the comatose solder?” she asked angrily.
	“No, ma’am.” Anna was getting flustered.
	“Just tell her why you are here,” Nick said, taking her hand.
	Anna took a deep breath. “I also read Nick is AB+ and has Sargren’s.”
	“Yes.”
	“So do I. I want to donate a kidney and part of my liver to him.” Naomi dropped her cup, spilling coffee on the floor.
	Naomi sat down in the recliner in the room. “What do you want? We don’t have any money.”
	Anna was horrified. “Oh, no. I have over a million dollars from my parents. I was even going to pay for the surgery.”
	“Then why would you do this?”
	“How can I not?”
	Naomi came to her feet and crossed the room to Anna. She took her son’s hand and grasped Anna in a tight hug with the other arm.



CHAPTER 23

	Nick stayed with Anna during all the testing and at nights in the hotel room. “I still wish you’d reconsider,” he said again the night before the surgery.
	Anna laid down her hairbrush and laid on the bed. “This is a chance to give you your life back.”
	“Or end yours,” Nick said.
	“Just as long as you meet me if I die.”
	“That’s not funny.”
	“It wasn’t meant to be funny,” Anna replied laying back and switching off the light. She felt Nick’s presence lay next to her. “Hold me. This will be the last time you’ll be able to for a while.”
	His arms went around her, and he kissed her head and eyes and mouth. “I’d say I love you, but that doesn’t begin to convey what I feel for you.”
	“I know just how you feel.”
	Anna laid in the hospital bed hooked up to a monitor and an IV drip. Nick stood beside her. “As soon as I go under, you need to go to your body. You will need all your energy and strength. Promise me,” Anna told him.
	“I promise. No matter what happens, I will come back to you in one form or the other.”
	“Same here. I love you.”
	“I love you, too, Anna.” He kissed her as a nurse came in.
	“Ready to go?” she asked Anna.
	Nick squeezed her hand. “More than,” she replied as Nick vanished.



CHAPTER 24
						
	Anna walked around the corner. She was sore but couldn’t remember why. Inside the room, Nick sat in a rocking chair holding a tiny baby. He looked up at her and smiled. “She is perfect.” Anna started to cry.
	Anna awoke slowly. Someone was wiping tears off her face. “I always cry when I sleep,” she managed to get out. “My mouth feels like it is full of cotton.” Someone put a straw to her lips.
	“Just one sip, honey. You aren’t supposed to have anything to drink yet.”
	“Naomi?” Anna asked, recognizing her voice. She couldn’t quite open her eyes yet.
	“Yes. The doctors told me you didn’t have anyone here for you, and I couldn’t let you wake up alone.”
	“Nick?”
	“He’s still in surgery. It takes longer to put organs in than to take them out.”
	Anna opened her eyes and got them focused. Naomi was smiling but Anna could see the worry. “He’ll be ok.”
	“You’ve just gone through major surgery and here you are comforting me. Are you some kind of angel or saint?”
	Anna snorted then moaned at the pain it caused. “Not likely.”
	“Well, angel or not, from now on you are a Gooden. I know your mom is passed, and I am going to treat you just like my own. And Gerald, Nicky’s dad, is your dad. He’s in Nicky’s room now. You can meet him later.”
	The nurse came over to check Anna. “Good evening, Miss McCarty. How are we feeling?”
	“About two pounds lighter.”
	The nurse laughed. “Joking around already? You are going to be just fine. Can I get you anything?”
	“I am cold,” Anna told her. “And I want to be in Nick’s room.”
	“I’ll get you a blanket, but I don’t know about-,”
	“She’ll be moved to Nicky’s room,” Naomi interrupted. “She just risked her life for him. It’s the least we can do.”
	The nurse nodded. “Thanks,” Anna said, her eyes drooping already.
	“Go back to sleep. I’ll wake you when we have word on Nick.” Anna nodded and fell asleep.
	When she woke the second time, she wasn’t crying. She looked around, unsure where she was. When she heard the beeps of the monitors, she remembered. “Nick?” she called out.
	An older version of Nick came up to the bed. “Hi, Anna,” he said.
	“Hi, Mr. Gooden.”
	“Please, it’s Gerald. You doing ok, sweetie?”
	“Yeah, just woozy. Heard anything about Nick?”
	“He’s still in recovery. The doctors said the surgery went great. The organs ‘pinked up’, which is what I guess they are supposed to do. He hasn’t woken up, but with him being in a coma so long, it may take a while. But for now, he is off dialysis for the first time in over five years. Thanks to you.” He started to tear up. He cleared his throat. “I’m going to get a nurse, tell her you are awake.” He left the room.
	A nurse came in and checked Anna’s IV and vital signs. “I need to pee,” Anna told her.
	“I’ll get a bed pan.”
	“Can’t you just help me to the bathroom?”
	The nurse looked at her. “Honey, you just had major surgery.” She sighed. “Ok, it’s only a couple feet.” The nurse helped Anna walk very slowly to the bathroom. By the time she was done, Gerald had to help the nurse get her back into bed. “I’ll go get something for the pain.” The nurse left.
	Anna was crying. Gerald held her hand. “Next time, stay in bed.”
	Anna laughed though the pain. “Trust me, the empty bladder is so worth it.” The nurse returned and put a needle in the IV line. A few moments later the pain went away. Anna fell back to sleep.
	It was midmorning when Anna came to. Naomi was sitting near the foot of the bed, reading. “Whatever that is they give me, I hope I can get it over the counter.”
	Naomi looked up. “Feeling ok?”
	“Yeah.” Anna looked over and saw Nick lying in the bed beside hers.
	“He hasn’t woke yet, but everything is ok. Doctors said his vitals are the strongest they’ve been in years.”
	-He’s in there- Anna thought with relief.
	“Are you hungry?” Naomi asked.
	“Yeah, and I need to pee again,” she laughed. Naomi helped her up and to the bathroom. It hurt, but not like before.
	“Wait,” Anna said before she got back into bed. She took two steps to Nick’s bed and took his scarred hand. She raised it to her lips and kissed it. She smiled when a monitor beeped loudly.	
	The nurse came in. “Are you out of bed again?”
	“I am not peeing in a bed pan,” Anna replied.
	“I don’t blame you,” she replied. “It’s a good sign. You’ve been to the bathroom twice, and walking around keeps the blood circulating.”
	“And food will help, too.”
	“One large lunch, coming up.” The nurse and Naomi helped her back into bed.
	Naomi sat on the bed hear Anna’s feet. An orderly came in with a covered plate and put it on a table. He slid it across her lap. Anna uncovered it. “Soup and Jello?”
	“And apple juice,” he said.
	“Do you see I am a nutritional overachiever, right? Be prepared for the little buzzer to go off in an hour.” He laughed and left. Naomi watched her as she opened the apple juice. “Um, want some?” Anna offered, uncomfortable.
	“You knew him from before, didn’t you” Anna froze. “I see the look in your eyes, hear the emotion in your voice. I just can’t figure out when.”
	Anna panicked. The heart monitor beeped faster, matching her rate. She consciously slowed her heart so the nurses wouldn’t come. “There are some things that can’t be explained.”
	“Try me,” Naomi insisted.
	Remembering Jonah’s reaction, Anna hesitated, but knew she had no choice. “Sometimes we have to be open to the possibility that our souls remain after the body ceases. There are some people who can communicate with those souls, see them, hear them, help them finish unfinished business, and then help them move on.”
	“You are saying you can talk to ghosts?”	
	“As did my mother, and her father before her, and his mother before him.”
	“Nick is not dead.”
	“I know. I am guessing when he got shot, the shock was enough to make his soul think he was dead, enough to leave his body. Maybe enough for him to end up in Huntington Beach, California in apartment 2A.”
	“Where you met him?” Naomi asked.
	“Him and two other spirits.”
	“He had ghost roommates?” she asked disbelievingly. 
	“They occupied the same apartment. They ‘haunted’ all the tenants before me, scaring them, chasing them off, having a good time doing it. I sort of ruined their fun. I’ve been talking to ghosts for years. Decades as Nick once said.”
	“So while his body was here, healing, and me crying every day, he was at the beach.”
	Anna laughed. “I guess so. He didn’t know he was still alive. He had more energy than a regular ghost, more substance. I could feel when he touched me.”
	“You’re in love with him,” Naomi said.
	“It was nothing I was looking for. I tried hard to get him to cross over, to not be in love with me.”
	“He fell in love with you first?”
	“I don’t know why,” Anna confessed.
	Naomi was quiet for a long time. “You see spirits.” Anna nodded. “See any here?”
	“There are three in the room now; two by the windows and one looking at Nick’s chart at the foot of his bed.”
	Naomi started. “What do they want?”
	“The two by the window are Marines and have declared themselves my guards and are not allowing any other spirits near me while I heal. The third one is just nosey.” “Hey,” he said, looking up. “Well, you are,” she told him. She looked back to Naomi who was staring at her. “Sorry.”
	“No, no, that’s quite alright.” She rubbed Anna’s leg under the blankets. “If this thing you do brought you here to save my son…then….then I don’t know what,” she laughed. She sobered. “Is Nick still here?”
	“No, he went back to his body right before the surgery. He did want me to tell you he was sorry for the minivan.”
	Naomi smiled. She stood up and walked to Nick’s bed and rubbed his hair. “I hated that minivan anyway, Nicky.” Naomi sat down in her chair and picked her book up. “Right before he was sent to Iraq, he wrecked our van. I was so upset at the time. I had forgotten. Finish eating and get some rest, sweetie. You’ll need your strength.”
	Over the next week, Anna was pushed to her pain threshold several times. She was willing to bet she walked 100 miles up and down the hospital corridors.
	Nick remained in a coma. She sang to him and held his hands. The monitors beeped a little faster when she did. “Keep it up,” the nurses encouraged. “He hears you.”
	One afternoon, after trekking the halls for an hour, Anna sat in a wheelchair beside Nick’s bed. “Nick, you’ve got to come to. I am being released day after tomorrow. Your mom is making me go to her house to finish recuperating. Seriously, you gotta wake up and help me,” Anna laid her head on his leg, her shoulders on the bed. She closed her eyes and fell asleep.
	Tears slid down her cheeks as they almost always did when she slept. She came awake to someone’s fingers wiping them away. She opened her eyes. Nick had his hand on her cheek, watching her. “You’re awake,” she whispered. He grinned slightly. “Yeah, I know, duh, obvious.” He grinned even more. She stood up and kissed him gently. “You have no idea how happy I am to see you.” He tried to speak. “Ssh. It’s ok.”
	He shook his head. “I love you,” he said hoarsely.
	“I love you, too.” She kissed him again. She pressed the nurses’ call button. A nurse and Naomi came running in. Both stopped suddenly.
	Naomi went to her knees. “Oh, thank you, Lord.” She covered her mouth with her hands. The nurse checked his vital signs and ran to get a doctor.
	Anna helped Naomi up to the chair. Nick followed her with his one good eye. “Mom?”
	“Yeah, baby.” She got up and walked to the bed. Anna sat at the foot, holding his leg. He looked down at her.
	Dr. Stone came into the room. “Welcome back to the land of the living,” he said as he examined Nick.
	“Thanks.”
	“Are you in any pain?”
	“No.”
	“Good. I’ll go change some of your medicines and we’ll see about some physical therapy. But for now, rest and visit.” He walked out the door.
	Nick’s mom cried for a while, kissed him and Anna repeatedly. “Oh, your father!” She tried calling his cell phone, but had no signal. “He’s in the cafeteria. I’ll be right back.” She ran out. Anna climbed up the bed and laid her head on his chest.
	“I’ve missed you.”
	He weakly put his around her. She took his hand and held it in place. “Missed you.”
	“I’ve dreamed about how this would feel, being in your arms.” She looked up at him.	
	He took a deep breath. “Marry me.”
	“Yes,” she replied without hesitation. 
	Gerald and Naomi came into the room. Anna started to move. “No, no, stay still,” Naomi said. Gerald was crying as he reached over and hugged them both.
						#
	Anna was discharged, but did not leave the hospital. For the next several weeks, she stayed by Nick’s side through all the physical therapy. Finally, he was able to come home.	
	“I am not insisting, I am demanding,” Naomi told Anna.
	“Alright, alright,” Anna said, throwing her hands up in the air.
	“Must you fight?” Nick asked.
	“No,” his mom replied, “but Anna has to stay with us. I refuse to let her leave.”
	Nick still needed crutches to walk. He’d been burned severely on his right side by a fire that had been set after he was shot. It affected the muscles and tendons and made walking difficult. He slowly made his way up the walk. Anna did not help him, knowing he wanted to do this alone. “I have to be about to walk up the walkway if I am do walk to you down the aisle.”
	“You’d better believe it, bud,” she teased.
	Once inside, Nick got his mom alone to speak to her. After a few minutes, she walked off. “What was that about?” Anna asked Nick as they made their way to the couch.
	“You’ll see later,” he promised.
	Naomi cooked supper and wouldn’t let Anna help clean up. “Well, kids, I think your dad and I deserve a night out.”
	“We do?” Gerald asked.
	“Yes. I need to go see a double feature, relax, and let my mind go to goo.” She pulled on her coat and handed Gerald his. “Will you two be ok for a while?”
	“Yeah, Mom, we will.”
	“Ok, we’ll be home about 1 or so. We love you both.” They left Nick and Anna alone.
	“This was your surprise?” Anna asked.
	“That, and this.” He pulled an old diamond ring out of his shirt pocket. “It was my grandmother’s. Now, it’s yours, Mrs. Nickolas Gooden-to-be.”
	“Nick, it’s beautiful.” She slid it on her finger. “And it fits.”	
	“Well, when you live with someone, you kind of get to know things like clothing, shoe, and jewelry sizes.” 
	Anna shook her head and kissed him. “You are crazy.”
	Nick pulled her to him. “We have four hours before my parents get back. Why don’t we go upstairs and make this engagement official?”
	“Are you able?”
	“Doc said as long as I am not on a trapeze, I’ll be fine. May take a little longer than usual, though.”
	“I can deal with that,” Anna said, grinning.
	She helped him up the stairs to the spare bedroom Nick’s parents had deemed hers. She helped him unbutton his shirt and take it off. She ran a hand over his shoulders and chest. “I hate I am so-,” he started.
	“Don’t say it,” Anna said, kissing his scars. “You are perfect.” He wrapped his arms around her and kissed her passionately. Anna pulled her shirt off over her head and reached behind her and unfastened her bra.
	As it hit the floor, Nick groaned as he looked at her. “Yeah, it still works.”
	Anna laughed and rubbed him through his pants. He closed his eyes. He placed a hand over hers. “You gotta stop that. I want this to last.” Anna finished undressing him then herself. He led her to the bed and lay down on top of her. “I can’t imagine anything better than this,” she whispered. He kissed her and shifted his weight as he entered her. She moaned into his mouth as he clung to her.
	“I love you so much, Anna.” He quickly came, then he relaxed all his weight on her.
	“I love you, too, Nick.”
	He looked up. “We didn’t use any protection,” he said, his eyes worried.
	“It’s ok,” Anna replied. “Our daughter will be healthy and beautiful.”

					THE END

About the Author

Melony Brown is an engaged mom and a full time Social Worker. Writing has always been a passion she put on the backburner of her life until recently. She enjoys writing, photography, painting, and anything that lets her imagination run free. Read Melony’s Smashwords Interview at https://www.smashwords.com/interview/swvamtnangel  




Connect with Melony Brown

I really appreciate you reading my book!  Here are my social media coordinates:

Friend me on Facebook:  http://facebook.com/melony.brown.35
Follow me on Twitter:  http://twitter.com/MelonyBrown35
Favorite my Smashwords author page:  https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/swvamtnangel  
Subscribe to my blog:  http://blog.smashwords.com




Final instructions:  Before you publish your book, triple check that you’ve removed all my instructions above.  Also remember to save your Word file as a Word .doc, not .docx.  In Word 2007 and later versions, you’ll click on circular Office button in the upper left hand corner of Word, then click Save as: and then click Word ’97-2003.

