Brand New Day: New Horizons 
Book 6
Copyright © 2015 by Wren Rogers
Published and distributed by Eastside Publications
All rights reserved. No part of t­­his publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief (cited) quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law.
ISBN 978-0-9972795-5-9
website – www.wrenrogersbooks.com
email –contact@wrenrogersbooks.com

The Brand New Day series is a work of fiction based certain facts. With some exceptions, the businesses, streets, buildings, bridges and other historical and geographical details are factual. 
In some examples, characters may use foul language; engage in explicit sexual acts, violence and other illegal activities. Characters may abuse drugs and alcohol, use racial stereotyping, bigotry, and make offensive racial remarks and or actions. The viewpoint of these characters is not in any way related to the personal viewpoints of the author.
None of the content in this book, or any in the series, was intended to offend, anger, profile or otherwise cause any gender, race, color, creed or doctrine harm or distress. 



Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
More Books in the Series
Author Bio

Chapter 1
The grand opening of Maria Miguel’s was a success. At long last, the faithful crew finally owned a place of their own. George Achmed’s unexpected gift had changed not only the Anderson’s lives, but the lives of the crew as well.
Waking in time for the first public opening was hard. Not just for Rob, but for Miguel and Armando as well. The late night grand opening party had saturated their blood with high levels of alcohol. Now, just a few hours later, on this early morning, the pain of their indulgence was slowing their speed.
Across town, Harvey was yawning awake in a tangle of tan legs in a Holiday Inn bed. Rising to life from between the two Hooter’s girls, he wrapped his nude body in a robe from the floor. 
"I gotta’ call my wife. Be quiet," he whispered to the sleeping girls as he shut the bathroom door.
Rob slowly rose to the smell of fresh coffee wafting through the room. Shuffling into the kitchen, rubbing his eyes, he found Ellen at the table with the laptop open. In a moment of panic he ran over to the table slamming the lid shut. 
"You can't read it yet!" he said in haste.
Ellen jumped back as the lid shut hard. 
"Jesus! I wasn't reading it. I was shopping online for to-go containers." 
Turning the computer towards him, Rob laughed. Sitting in the chair, he sighed with a smile. 
"I'm almost done. Well, then I will have to re-write, get it all smoothed out and all. But I am almost done with the story, that's a big deal to me." 
Ellen raised her eyebrows. "You know I had a 4.0 in all my English classes. I can edit it for you, save you a lot of time." 
Rob looked at the laptop with a silent stare. 
"As soon as it's done. Then I would love for you to edit it." 
Ellen shrugged with a knowing smile. "Whenever you're ready." 
Rob looked at the clock. "Shit... We open in a half hour. I am so excited about our first day of sales…. but I’m still hurting from the party." 
Ellen rubbed his shoulders as she passed by his chair. "Don't worry. Maria and Miguel are already here, Armando too. They got here an hour ago. I'm sure they have everything ready. It’s so nice to have such a good crew." 
Agreeing as he dashed down the hall, Rob took a fast shower as Ellen dressed for work. Dressed and ready, the two headed downstairs to the cafe for their first real opening to the public.
The sounds of Freddie Mercury singing scales from a live version of "Under Pressure" played on the speakers as Rob and Ellen walked in. Rob walked behind the bar as Miguel peeked out of the pass window. 
"Maybe we should play some Mexican music instead of rock," Rob said as the song kicked in. 
Miguel shrugged. "People like dees. You will see. Gringos don't like real Mexicana, that old ass music the Mexican joints play ees stupid. We all agree on dees music. We just keep eet real." 
"Fine with me," Rob said as he stocked ice behind the bar.
“I wonder when the reviews will be published?” Ellen asked.
"I don’t know about all of them, but the one should be online today. I'm going to see if it’s up yet," Rob replied as he swiped his phone. 
Ellen watched in anticipation, Maria came to her side. Miguel and Army peered in from the kitchen window. Scrolling on his phone, Rob found the review about Maria Miguel's and began to read aloud. 
"Attending the grand opening of the tiny Covington eatery I was…" 
He trailed off as he read on. "Blah blah blah," he said as he read the unimportant introduction. "Here we go," he said as the staff’s eyes stared in anticipation. 
"Unlike the typical hundred item menu Mexican restaurants usually feature… This menu is short but sweet. Chock full of the traditional favorites, there is more authenticity to discover here on this twenty-item menu than you’ll find on the giant menus you usually see. Enchiladas, tostadas, fluatas, stuffed peppers, tamales, and of course, the quintessential taco… just to name a few. The traditional décor rings true to the authentic theme. One look at the ingredients will tell you this isn’t your average fare… cactus, handmade tortillas, rich mole and zucchini flowers give you the idea, this is something outside the norm." 
Miguel smiled at Maria as he heard the list. Rob read on.
"I went with a few simple tests for the kitchen; an enchilada, a tamale and a taco..." 
As Rob read, Maria whispered to Ellen. "I remember that order, that lady was rude, she left only a dollar tip." 
Rob read louder as he got to the food quality. 
"One thing that stands out right off the bat is the simple tortilla. Nearly every Mexican dish features them but these are very different. My server explained that Maria Miguel’s tortillas are all handmade daily. One bite and you will know she wasn’t lying. Thicker than usual and cooked on a stone to a light char, these richly flavorful fresh made tortillas make you realize why Mexicans love them so much. I never cared one way or another about tortillas before, until I tasted these." 
Armando ribbed Miguel. "I cook the tortillas… after Mamma was finished." 
Nodding Armando’s way with a wink, Rob read on. 
"My enchilada featured the fresh tortillas wrapped around tender shredded roast beef (borrowed from the roast beef dinner I am guessing). Stuffed well and topped with a dash of white cheese, they looked larger than usual, partially due to the thick handmade shell no doubt. The savory flavors were layered with spices and highlighted by a rich dark red sauce with a touch of fresh crème on top. The whole thing screamed real Mexico. After one bite, I came to realize this indeed might be my first taste of real-deal Mexican cuisine."
Ellen beamed with pride as she sat smiling at the two excited cooks at her side. Rob smiled along with her then continued to read the review. 
"It's hard to find a tamale at all these days, when you do, you can bet it's a frozen store bought variety too. Not here. These thick beauties were unlike any I have had to date (even better than the one's I had in Cancun). Light moist cornmeal dough surrounds the roast beef inside. Wrapped in a traditional banana leaf and steamed, these are the most luxurious, delicious tamale treats you may ever find, at least in this city to be certain." 
Miguel clapped his hands as Maria hugged him. "I make-a those tamales!"
Rob paused, looking his way. "You do a damn fine job too my man.”
Miguel listened close as Rob continued.
“Last but far from least, the humble taco. Usually a taco’s flavor is all about the toppings. Again, like the other dishes, this one stands out with its superb double soft corn shell. The fresh made tortilla is the star of the show. 
Mine was ordered with chicken but you can choose from beef or fish of the day as well. My initial reaction was ’This looks too simple to be great’. The char-grilled chicken was shredded and lightly drizzled with a nearly clear green tomatillo sauce. It was dressed with only a pinch of diced onion and a heap of fresh chopped cilantro on top. 
Unlike most tacos, there was no cheese, sour cream, tomato, lettuce or hot sauce. This seems like a bummer… but in fact, it was a revelation. The slightly puffed tortilla's flavor was not masked by too many ingredients. It was instead, highlighted by the medium spiced meat, the light sauce and the vibrant cilantro. 
One bite and I can clearly see why the Mexicans prefer these to our burgers. It makes you wonder how our American version of the taco ever became so terribly distorted from the real thing.”
The staff was all smiles as Rob finished reading the review. 
"This new Covington eatery may not have the trendiness Nada currently enjoys, but the food, oh the food! These folks know tacos people.
If you have ever wondered why you never see Mexicans eating at Mexican restaurants, try Maria Miguel's. Odds are you will lose your taste for the usual Amer-Mexi fare and fast. This is as good as it gets. 
I wouldn't be surprised to find out there is a Mexican grandma in the kitchen dishing out these Old World recipes. Prices are decent, super cheap for the quality in fact. But don't come here expecting to spend under ten dollars per person, twenty is more in line. 
The menu is not extensive but after the three selections I devoured, I will need to return to try the remaining specialties. A full bar is available too. I wasn't able to add any alcohol to my order on this trip, but I did overhear the table next to me talking about their margaritas (which looked much different from the norm). The couple raved about their unique drinks all through the meal (nearly annoyingly).
Maria Miguel's Mexican Cafe is open Monday-Saturday from 10-10. Reservations are encouraged but not required, but with food this good and only twenty five tables, you might want to call ahead anyway, especially on the weekends."
Rob sat the phone down on the counter, grabbing Miguel by the shoulders. 
"Did you hear that my amigo? Mamma's recipes are a hit! You and Army, you-cook-a-da-best!" he said, imitating Miguel with a smile. "Okay guys, that’s one review down, three more to go and we will should see the results in our sales. We can't slow down now. Let's make certain every plate is perfect. Ellen, Maria, you do the voodoo you do best. Just keep up the good work you're doing now, great food don't mean squat without great service." 
Finishing with hugs all around, the staff dispersed away happily to their positions. Within minutes, the first paying customers came in the door.
Chapter 2
By noon the dining room was full, as was the bar. Rob worked with great haste to run the pass window and bartend at the same time. Ellen was feeling the pressure of her work as her baby girl kicked against her belly as if to say... "Stop with all the rocking! Sit down and let me sleep!" 
Just after the rush, Ellen told Rob she needed to go upstairs to rest.
Rob watched her face as she walked up the steel stairs. He knew she had to stop working, but the crowd had been steady, especially for the first day. 
"Army!" Rob called out from the pass window. 
Armando jogged over frowning. "Eets not ready! I just put it in!" he replied quickly in his defense. 
"Jesus, relax amigo. I just want to know if you can find us a good server to take Ellen’s place. A good server Army," Rob said seriously. 
Armando smiled, nodding. "Si. I already have one." 
Rob looked at him with surprise. "You do? Who?" 
Army patted his chest with one hand. “My señorita Amanda. She was saying at the party last night she wished she could work here." 
Rob scowled. "What about Applebees?" 
Army waved him off. "She's tired of it you know. They give her a lot of bullshit sometimes. Plus, she only gets like three tables. Besides, she wants to work here, with us amigo. She’s really good too." 
Rob had concerns. Jealousy can rear its ugly head in a restaurant environment easily. 
"Can you two work together?” he asked. “I don't need to hear any shit about some guy flirting with her or something." 
Army laughed. "Everybody flirts with her. She’s hot you know. We go to Pubs all the time, we have no problems, we know what’s what." 
Rob nodded. "Okay, call her and see if she can come for the dinner shift. If not, we have to find someone else." 
Army smiled as he took his phone from his pocket. "She will come now amigo, she's off today anyway." 
After calling Amanda, Army told Rob she was excited about working and would be there shortly.
Rob expected the crowd to slow during the lull from two to four. This was the case with pretty much every restaurant. As the clock clicked past two thirty, the cafe was still entertaining guests and more were coming in, filling tables and several bar stools. 
Maria was working alone, taking care of the entire dining room. Rob was proud of her service as he watched her work. He loved the ease of service from being staffed of all family and friends. There were no gripes and complaints about sections, opening or closing shifts, tip splits, or getting out early as with all other staffs he had worked with in the past. 
Even in the usual dead hours of the day Rob called out more orders to the kitchen, much less frequent than lunch, but surprisingly steady. 
Amanda arrived a half-hour after Armando's call. Dressed in a thigh-high sundress, her breasts strained the thin cotton cloth. Rob watched as she came in the doorway, the breeze blowing her dress up as the door swung open. Looking great, he hoped she could serve as good as she looked. If so, he was glad to have her, Ellen needed the break and with Amanda’s experience in a slam packed Applebee’s dining room, she was less likely to freak out or breakdown if things got rough. Instantly, he felt she was a welcome addition to their close crew.
Amanda waited at the bar as Rob handed three orders to Maria. There was no applications or interviews. Throwing her into action immediately was Rob’s preferred test.
Rob waved Maria over to Amanda’s stool. "Maria, Amanda is going to be serving with you. After you take that out, come back and get her up to speed with how we work here. You can split the room up however you like with her for the dinner service. As soon as she knows where everything is, ask Miguel to give her a tasting of our menu, so she can explain the dishes properly. Then get her on the floor.”
Taking her orders in hand, Maria smiled at Amanda then dashed off with the steaming entrees.
As the sun slid low towards the river, the customers began coming in more frequently. Rob stayed busy behind the bar with several drinkers, juggling his duties at the pass in unison with the drink orders. Miguel kept peeking out the window, scanning the room for new customers. 
"If this bar gets any busier, we're gonna’ need a bartender soon," Rob said as Miguel looked out the pass window. 
"We can call Jose,” Miguel replied. “He's working drywall now, but not everyday and never in the evening. Maya's baby has him working for all the dough he can get you know." 
Rob pondered the notion. "But can he make drinks?" 
Miguel shrugged. "We can teach him the margaritas. The rest ees easy. Jack and Coke, ees some Jack with some Coke right? How hard could it be?" 
Rob smirked. "It's harder than it seems. Especially these margaritas." 
Miguel shrugged again as he flipped bubbling tortillas on the hot stone. "He's a good guy though. We won't have to worry about stealing and bullsheet." 
Rob thought about the fact that the all-family staff was really working smooth. In just a single day he realized the tremendous difference it was from his past experiences. 
"Call him and see if he wants to work,” Rob said. “If so, I will train him on the basics. Maybe we can get him up to speed by the time this place gets really busy." 
Miguel smiled. "I will call now. But I can tell you already he will say si."
After the tasting, Maria explained the table numbers to Amanda. She walked her around, pointing out where all the supplies were stored as she worked her tables at the same time. 
"Jesus, this is easy as hell," Amanda said as she followed Maria. 
Maria laughed. "You can take the next customers until these tables clear out. We don’t have sections. People can just sit wherever they want. Ellen and I, we just wait on the whole room as needed and split the tips." 
Amanda agreed to do the same then seated a trendy looking couple that had just walked in after parking their Range Rover in front of the cafe.
Rob watched as she greeted them. 
"Hi! Welcome to Maria Miguel's! I'm Amanda and I can show to you any table you like.” 
The couple chose to sit by the big windows. 
"We heard this was the best Mexican around," the well-dressed woman said as she sat her purse on the table. 
Amanda smiled. "You can bet it is. We only serve real Mexican, made by real Mexicans." 
The woman chuckled as her husband sat down, taking the menu in hand. 
"I will be the judge of that," he said with slight sarcasm. 
"The woman shot Amanda a sympathetic look. 
"Excuse him. He works in Mexico City about three months of the year. Since he started going down there, he feels he has to critique every Mexican restaurant we go to now as if he is some kind of expert." 
Amanda laughed. "Critique away. You won't find anything on the plate here that isn't the real deal. These are old family recipes, you will love it I am sure." 
The man never looked up since being seated. 
"Let’s see what you have here… Jeez. Is this all of the menu?" he asked, scanning the simple list.
Amanda nodded. "It's all the menu you're going to need." 
The woman laughed but the man's face stayed stoic. 
"Tell you what. Bring me… Chef's choice. Whatever he feels is the best you have to offer." 
Amanda nodded. "That's easy enough. How about you Miss?" she asked, turning to the lady. 
"I'm thinking… Tacos," she replied.
Her husband smirked. "How original… Tacos." 
Shooting him a stern look, she handed the menu back to Amanda. 
“That’s what I want. One roast beef and one chicken please.”
Amanda beamed a smile. “These are unlike any tacos served around here. It’s a good choice, trust me. Care for a cocktail? We make our margaritas from scratch just like our food. Fresh squeezed lime & lemon juice, sweetened with organic cane sugar and your choice of Patron or Mescal." 
The man shot her a glance. "Really? Mescal... That's the way they make them in Mexico City. I’ll have one of those please." 
Amanda nodded. "Will that be one or two?" she asked, looking at the lady. 
"Two," the woman said smiling. "I want to taste this Mescal he is always going on about. We never see it at the places around here." 
Amanda thanked them as she walked away, writing the order on her ticket book.
Turning in her ticket into Rob, she commented on the man. 
"This guy thinks he is a Mexican cuisine authority. He goes to Mexico City for work and even his wife thinks he's half a dick to go out an eat Mexican with. I think he came here just because he read it was authentic so he can shoot it down." 
Rob grinned as he looked over at the couple. "Awesome. That's just the kind of people we need. If we can impress people like him, we have the beginnings of a loyal customer base." 
Amanda took the drinks and walked back to the table. Seating another group of four as she passed by the opening door, she began to love the carefree table sharing policy. The customers loved the freedom of seating choices as well. It helped get the experience off to a good start right from the bat. She loved explaining the quality food, and all the hard work that went into it. The look of surprise and excitement in the diner’s eyes as she explained the dishes was something completely new to her. Amanda knew with her first few tables, this was a very different job than Applebee’s. She loved everything about it.
As the sky darkened, the grill roared and the tortillas sizzled as the pace picked up in the kitchen. Miguel and Armando knew a rush was coming on as Rob began reading out order after order from the window in a more rapid pace. 
Armando broke his routine in order to save time. Miguel noticed and called him out. 
"No shortcuts amigo! No rushing either. Keep the pace the same. We will put eet out when eets ready, not before. Chef wants eet right, not right now. They will wait. We sell more drinks when they wait. Focus on perfection, not speed. You never know who eets for… Maybe another big review you know?" 
Nodding with understanding eyes, Armando silently wiped his brow.
Ellen came to dining room with a worried look on her face. "I fell asleep and I forgot… I'm so sorry." 
Rob rubbed her shoulder. "You're cut tonight," he said as he washed glasses. 
"I’m cut… How is that?" she asked.
Amanda came to the bar with an order. Ellen chatted with her as Rob called out the order to Miguel. 
"I see you wasted no time replacing me," Ellen said to Rob, as Amanda walked away with three drinks. 
Smiling, he rubbed her shoulders. "You need to relax. You can stay here and help out if you feel like it. But no more table service or bussing on your schedule. Not until the baby is born." 
Ellen knew he was right. She was glad to be relived of her duties, even though she missed the energy and satisfaction of her work. 
"Amanda is doing good. I think she will work out great," Rob said as he poured drinks for Maria. 
Overhearing his comment, Maria shot him a glance as she took her loaded tray from the bar. 
"She can serve good. She's so pretty too. The guys… they like to look at her. I see them staring since she came in." 
Ellen looked at Rob with raised eyebrows. "She is pretty. And she sure doesn't mind being looked at. We know that much from experience," she said with a smirk.
Rob smiled teasingly at her. "Hey, she's really good actually. And, a cute server is good for business. We all know that." 
Ellen agreed, slumping her head in her hands, elbows on the bar with a sigh. "I know. I know it all too well," she said with a whisper.
The night sky turned dark blue as the stars began to peek through the windows. The cafe stayed busy all through the service. Soon they were on a wait, waiting customers filled the bar stools to standing room only. 
Rob kept the staff on their pace, reminding them that rushing was not an option. Perfection was the goal. 
"We're on a wait! A fucking wait on the first day!" he called out to Miguel.
Miguel nodded with a serious look in his eyes. He was in the zone now, focused on his orders, barely pausing to acknowledge Rob's update.
The food was delivered to a barrage of compliments from the diners as the servers worked the tables. The kitchen never slowed its steady flow of entrees out of the window. Everyone was pushed near to the limit. 
Trying to keep up with the drink orders and the pass at the same time, Rob felt he was accomplishing neither to it's fullest. Ellen helped with beer orders for servers and customers. Rob called out the food orders to the kitchen and passed on the entrees to the servers. The team worked the crowd with a steady speed until the pace died down.
Just after ten, the beer stocks were depleted to half empty. Miguel served the last order of tacos out of the window. It was a to-go order for an impressed Mexican customer wanting to bring a few back home for his mother. After handing over the to-go order, Ellen walked him to door. Thanking him, she locked it as he stepped onto the sidewalk.
"That’s it! Shows over," Rob called out to the crew. 
Miguel nodded, wiping this head with a towel. "We already started closing. We need just a few minutes more and then eets all done." 
Rob was impressed with their first official day in business. Ellen totaled the checks as the staff finished cleaning. 
"Six thousand seven hundred forty eight," she said to Rob as he wiped down the bar. 
"Really? That's awesome!" he replied.
Jogging to the pass window, he called out to Miguel. "Almost seven grand!" 
Miguel looked back with a smiling nod. 
"We going to double that! You will see. We just getting everything arranged back here. Soon we will have eet all just right, then we can go faster," Miguel said as he switched off the lights in the kitchen.
The first service had gone by smooth and easy. Rob asked Miguel if he had heard back from Jose. Miguel checked his phone as Maria washed her hands one final time. 
"He says he can come anytime after five. Any day." 
Rob asked Miguel to have him start tomorrow at six. The staff said their goodbyes as they made their way to the street. Rob & Ellen walked up the steel stairs to their home.
Getting home well before midnight after a busy dinner service was a first in Rob’s career. Even though he had worked a high-pressure twelve-hour shift, he still felt vibrant and excited, way too wired to sleep now. 
Ellen rested, drifting into a dream on the leather sofa. Rob sipped a cold cider as he typed on the laptop, his story unfolding with each keystroke. The clock ticked past midnight as he typed. Ellen rose off the sofa rubbing her back. 
"You’re still up?" she asked as she stood beside him. 
"I feel like writing. I'm getting close to the end," he replied as she yawned. 
"You know, since I am off of table service, I could start editing this during the day and get you on your way faster," she said, staring at him with sleepy eyes.
Rob stopped and looked up from the keys. "But I didn't want you to read it yet." 
"Why?” she asked. “It's going to be the same when I do read it. It takes a long time to edit. I could get started tomorrow since I have the time, that's all I'm saying." 
Rob hung his head, and to her surprise, he agreed. "Okay, tomorrow start editing. I guess you will have to read it sooner or later." 
Ellen hugged him with a kiss and walked down the hall to bed. Switching off the light, Rob lit a candle. Twisting the top off another cold cider, he typed on into the early morning hours.
Chapter 3
Ellen woke early, leaving Rob to sleep. Making coffee, she noticed a note on the laptop. Taking it closer, she read Rob's yellow stick-it note. "It's almost done. Edit away." She heard the shower running as she sat on the sofa, reading the story with her steaming coffee in hand. Rob walked into the room shortly after, clean-shaven and dressed in his whites. 
"I gotta run," he said as he poured a coffee. 
"I will come down in a bit," Ellen replied as she looked up from the laptop. Shooting her a wink, Rob jogged down the stairs.
The cafe sat idle until just before eleven. Rob was excited to see the first customers. Over the next hour, the tables were filled. The hustle and bustle of the room created an infectious vibe that pushed the entire staff to their best and fastest. Rob called out the orders to Miguel who was now shifting into fifth gear to keep up. The servers fed anxious diners Mamma's chipotle salsa and fresh fried tortilla chips, as they waited for their entrees. The chips were hot from the fryer, some still soft and chewy in the center. 
Rob's focus was distracted by bartending as the orders came in one after another. A crowd of Mexican construction workers sat at the bar drinking and eating a la carte tacos and tamales. His hands worked fast but his mind was wrapped in the anxiousness of Ellen's editing. 
"Would she like the story?" he wondered as he mixed margaritas. "Is it even worth the hundreds of hours of writing? What if she thinks the whole thing sucks?" 
His fears and insecurities kept him teetering on the edge of tilt as he went about the task of working his stations.
By two-forty the crowd had died down. The staff had pulled off a perfect lunch service and zero complaints had been voiced so far. Rob cleaned the bar top as his thoughts drifted back upstairs to Ellen. He could imagine her, sitting on the sofa, criticizing his beloved hobby. Stocking the ice, he realized he was more nervous about her reaction to the story than the opening of the cafe. Looking at the clock, he took the opportunity to head upstairs as find out her verdict. 
"Amigo!" he called out to Miguel. "I'm going home for a few. Call me if you need me." 
Miguel waved as Rob tossed the towel from his shoulder to the bar.
Jogging up the stairs, he twisted the doorknob with a nervous hand. Ellen was seated just as he pictured her, reading on the sofa. 
"Give it to me straight. What do you think?" he asked immediately.
Silently, she held up a single finger as she read the last few lines of the chapter. Setting the laptop on the coffee table, she rose of the sofa. Walking to him, tears in her eyes, she hugged him. 
"I love you," she said as her arms embraced him. 
Hugging her back with his nose in her hair, he could feel she was trembling. 
"What the deal?" You're all emotional," he asked in a whisper.
She laughed. "It's my hormones I guess. But this story reminded me of our Vietnam experience. I don't want to ever forget how much you mean to me. You left everything and flew there for me. I will never forget that night in Can Tho. Our baby was conceived there. And you mean so much to me." 
She wiped her eyes, laughing through the tears. "I'm just having one of those emotional pregnant days I guess." 
Rob stood still, just hugging her. "So, what about the story?" he asked as they sat back on the sofa. 
"The story is amazing so far. It made me laugh and cry. It gave me chills, it's really addicting. It has punctuation and grammar issues sure, but the story needs no changes at all, I can't wait to see how it ends." 
Rob gave her a shrewd shrug. "You never know till' it's over," he said with a laugh.
After a brief break, Rob walked to the door to head back down to the cafe. Ellen waved him to stop. 
"Why don't you wait for a minute? I have something here for you before you go." she said, taking his hand in hers. 
Rob's tale of love, loss and lust surfaced sincere emotions in Ellen. Seeing him walking out the door filled her with a sudden desire to touch him, feel him and the love they shared.
Ellen rubbed her big belly with both hands, smiling into Rob's eyes as he watched. He loved the sight of her. Her face bright with happiness, the warm glow that surrounded her in the sunlight. She tugged him by the hand down the hall to their big bed. Sliding back on the mattress, she turned on her side. "I'm so big now I can't even sleep normal, let alone…" 
Turning on her hands and knees, she laid her head on the pillow. "I can do this easily though," she said smiling. 
Rob looked at her form with hungry eyes. Her Pho diet was working well. She was near the full bloom of her pregnancy, yet her bottom, thighs and calves had slimmed drastically. Running his fingers over her smooth bare hips, he caused her to shiver at his light touch. Even with the baby’s girth, she looked like a new woman. 
Easing her legs apart with his knees, he moved up close behind her with his straining manhood. Sliding into her warmth slowly, running both hands over her hips, he pushed in deep with slow thrusts. 
Ellen gasped as he filled her womanhood. Her hips arched to accept him, her fingers gripped the sheet tightly, her head tucked against the pillow. Rob could hear her whispers as he took hold of her waist and quickened his pace. Feeling his manhood reaching it's peak moment, he slowed, nearly stopping. 
Pausing, Ellen wondered why he had stopped. "What's wrong?" she asked, turning her face from the pillow. 
"Nothing, god, nothing's wrong at all, you feel so good. I've missed being with you." 
Pushing her hips back, she eased him further in. 
"I have to stop for a minute or else I'm going to…" he said with a gasp.
She knew what she wanted. Pushing back again, harder and further this time, she moved into him with a steady rhythm. Ellen rocked into him, pushing him deep inside her. Unable to hold back any longer, she felt him pause his motions. Releasing his intense orgasm with squinting eyes, he slid down onto her back.
Sliding down beside her, he fell into a spooning embrace. "It's been so long… It feels so good, I wish I could have lasted longer." 
Ellen pulled his hand to her breast, cupping it with her own. "I just wanted to give you little break before you went back to work. Tonight, after we close, we can make it last longer. I will be ready and waiting. We will make it special…" 
Kissing her neck, he rose off the bed. Dressing, he couldn't help but revel in the sight of her. Her hair in soft long tangles, her dress still pulled up over her hips. Slipping on his shoes, he knelt down to the bed and kissed her on the lips. 
"I can't wait for the shift to end already," he said as he slipped away to the bathroom. 
Ellen lay in soothing happiness as Rob washed up for work. Even the baby in her belly stopped kicking and seemed to be at peace along with her. The events of the past two weeks had left them little time or energy to spend any sexual time together. Even though she had been with Rob nearly twenty-four hours a day, sleeping with him each night, she still had the feeling that she missed him. 
Now, relaxing in a calming bliss, she knew what she had been truly longing for. The mid-afternoon romp had been Ellen's gift for Rob's pleasure, but the passionate moment had soothed her as well. 
As she lay in the soft covers, exciting thoughts and vivid images played across her imagination. Tonight, when Rob returned, she planned to bring the visions to life.
With a quick kiss, Rob left to get back to work. The dinner crowd would be coming in shortly. In just two days the little café had grown steadily busy. Ellen was filled with happiness and contentment over the café. In the back of her mind, she knew their new change in life had come about thanks to George’s gift. Even though he had dealt them a few bad blows and loomed as a recent threat, they had George to thank for Maria Miguel’s. Ellen still wasn’t sure why she felt a loyalty towards him. She didn’t want to admit such feelings, but knew they were true.
The evening’s dinner service was just as solid as the prior. The staff fine tuned their methods and began settling into a routine. Rob worked the pass window with relaxed confidence, mostly due to Ellen's parting surprise. Jose trained behind the bar between orders. Rob knew Jose didn’t need help with the beer orders and focused training him to pour the liquors and mix the cocktails. Guiding him through the recipe for the margaritas, Rob explained how they were created. Jose caught on quickly.
By the end of the night, the totals were higher than the night prior. The two servers each walked away with nearly three hundred in tips, Jose taking home over a hundred as well. Miguel and Armando had the kitchen ready to close long before the last order left the window, assuring a fast departure for the crew as the open sign blinked off.
As he waved goodbye to the staff, Rob headed up the stairs. He knew Ellen would be waiting. He envisioned her as his feet treaded the last stair up to the doorway. Twisting the knob, he found the apartment blackened, a faint glow illuminated the hall from the bedroom.
Kicking off his shoes as he walked, Rob made his way quickly to the bedroom. Rounding the doorway, he found the room warmly lit with by a dozen candles. Sliding his pants to the floor, he looked at Ellen on the bed. She was covered with a sheet, only the tops of her bare breast showing. Leaning down, Rob kissed her, both hands on her cheeks. 
"You look like a dream," he said as she smiled with her eyes. "I am going to take the fastest shower of my life, I will be right back." 
Dragging a towel along out of the freshly dried laundry basket, he sprinted to the bathroom in the nude. 
Barely three minutes had passed when Rob came jogging from the bathroom. Leaping onto the bed beside Ellen, he landed with bouncing fall onto the mattress. Uncovering her slowly, he ran his hands over her hips, down to her thighs. Turning her on her back, he kissed her lips, her breasts then her neck as she ran fingers through his still damp hair.
Over the next hour, the two caressed and kissed one another into a deep bliss. Rob took his time. Ellen's eyes stared into his as he entered her gently. The candle lit room faded in a blur as they moved together in a soothing rhythm. Sometimes stopping, just kissing, then speeding up again. Gasping, she bit her lip as his last few deep thrusts signaled his grand finale. 
His lips against her neck, he breathed rapidly, kissing her between breaths. She backed against him, worming herself into him with all her curves until he stopped still. In the warm candlelight they fell asleep, wholly calmed as they lay locked in a warm embrace. The sudden peacefulness relaxed Rob's body, setting his mind free again. 
Lying beside Ellen, twisting a thick lock of her hair between his fingers, he strung together the last few remaining pieces of his story in his mind. Realizing the missing story line was apparent now; he breathed a deep sigh. Resting his head on her shoulder, he felt perfect in the moment, not daring to stir for fear of disturbing the peace that surrounded them. His nervous anxiety of his missing ending had been washed away and replaced by calm and peace. He knew the ending now, all that was left was to simply write it. 
Tomorrow the cafe was closed; with any luck, he could finish the book by late tonight. The reality of having it completed in less than twenty four hours from now sunk in as he lay silent in their embrace. Slowly, his peaceful thoughts turned to relaxing dreams as the two lay sleeping.
Chapter 4
Sunday morning, Rob woke before Ellen. He began a fresh pot of Pho long before it was needed. He wanted everything ready so he could write without interruption for the entire day. Ellen woke and found him typing in the sun, seated beside the big windows. She went about her day quietly. By late noon, she made her lunch from the steaming pot on the stove. She didn't bother to speak or interrupt as she fished long strands of noodles into a bowl of hot broth.
It was late afternoon by the time Rob shot up from his chair with a sudden bolt. 
"It's done!" 
Ellen shot him a look from the hallway as she walked into the room. 
"Really? That was faster than I expected," she said.
Hugging her hard, spinning her around in small circles he kissed her repeatedly. "It's all in your hands now," he said as he released her with an excited smile. 
"Everything is done around here. I want to get working on it right away," she said as she took the computer to the coffee table.
Settling back on the leather sofa, she crossed her legs on the cushions and read. Rob paced with anxiety as she sat silently making her way along to the ending. He knew it would take her an hour or more to get to the end. 
"I'm going to get some churros and few drinks from the café,” he said, heading to the door. “I will be right back, and we will share a dessert and a drink in celebration. Well, I will have a drink, I will make you some fresh juice." 
Rob dashed down the stairs to fetch the food and drinks as Ellen read on. Walking back into the apartment, he was excited to see if Ellen finished the story. Carrying the armload of drinks and churros to the kitchen, he found her at the table, still reading. 
"I'm almost done," she whispered, not looking up. Rob twisted the top off a beer and opened the big windows to let the fresh air in. Sitting by the open window, he lit one of Army's blue blunts. Taking a puff off the aromatic sinsemilla, he watched the scenes on the street as the night came alive.
After several long minutes, Ellen walked to the kitchen, fetching the glass of the fresh juice Rob brought up for her. Seeing she was done reading, he looked over to see her reaction. Watching her take her drink then sit back down, he became nervous, wondering why she didn’t offer a response.
"So… What do you think?" he asked.
Sipping her drink, she shot him a nod as she read the last paragraph again. 
"I think… Well, first off I love the story," she replied, still reading.
Rob felt a hesitation in her words. "What about the ending?" 
"That's where it kind of drops off," Ellen replied, looking up with sorrowful eyes. 
"Really? You don't like it?" he asked sadly.
"I like it all… except the very end. Well, the last four chapters… or five maybe.” The words no sooner left her lips than regret filled her with doubt.
It felt terrible telling him bad news. But it was her honest opinion. She knew she was no literary expert, but the story's ending had left her wanting a different conclusion for the main characters.
Rob felt a sinking feeling in his stomach. He had been so excited about finishing the story. All the hard work, hundreds of hours of writing, only to be let down at the peak of his excitement. Ellen knew he was sad about her review. She wanted nothing more than to tell him exactly the opposite. But as much as she wanted him to be happy, she had to tell the truth.
"Don't get in a rut being disappointed," she said as he took a swig off the beer, falling with a thump into the recliner. 
"Look at it this way… 99% of the entire story is great as is. You just may want to think about rewriting the ending, that's not so bad is it? This is your first book and all, you can't expect to…" 
Rob waved her off. "I understand," he mumbled. 
Ellen felt terrible. His hopes were running so high, now she had shot them down with a mere few words. 
"Geez Rob, if I tried to make a tamale from scratch and got it all perfect except the sauce should I just hang my head and be sad? No. You would say I did an amazing job and make me do the sauce over until I got it right. You have worked with Miguel for two years and still you make him re-do things all the time. This is just the same and I'm not going to let you sulk like this. Here…" she said taking up a pad of paper. "I'm going to outline your ending as it is. Then I am going to make notes on where I think it goes wrong, where it needs more info and what I would like to see happen to the characters. You read it over with no emotion, then tell me if my notes make sense.” 
Picturing her hypothetical tamale, he knew she was right. Looking over, he had a flash of interest then returned to his slump.
 “C’mon and get with it Rob. You're so close now!” she said. “You can't let a minor setback stop you from making this a really good book. I could tell you anything you want to hear, but the final product wouldn't be as good as if you were forced to reconcile a new, better, ending. Besides, I think you will like writing a new ending, it’s just a little more writing after all." 
His eyes filled with curiosity. "Yeah, I guess. I would like to do that," he said. 
"You can write ten endings if you have to,” Ellen suggested as she saw a glimmer of relief flash in his eyes. “That's what many writers do. They write then re-write then their editor makes them write it again. It's the final product that counts. You only get one shot when this thing hits the market. You have to make certain it's as good as possible before you put it out. It’s you’re most important dish ever… after it hits the table; it’s too late to change a thing. It’s just in the pass window right now, if I were the expo, I would say re-do the sauce… But you are the chef." 
Rob felt comfort with her words. He knew she was helping him. And he knew it was hard for her to disappoint him with her criticism. After his initial discouragement, he was appreciative. Her advice was necessary, possibly saving his book from certain failure.
Jumping up of the seat, he dashed to the table. "You're exactly right Ellen. Get me those notes soon. I will make this work. You're right, I want the best I can do, regardless of the amount of re-writing." 
She relaxed as she realized he had embraced the idea of change. 
"I'm too frazzled to start tonight,” he said. “Lets relax, this is my only night off for next six days. I will start the re-write this week." 
Ellen sat on the sofa, continuing her outline of the ending as Rob flicked on the TV. 
Scrolling through the channels, he found a travel-cooking show about Mexico. "Look at those tacos!" he said as he watched a street vendor chopping sizzling fried beef brain atop a homemade flat top cooker. As the street vendor assembled the taco quickly, Rob studied the final product.
"I have to admit, ours look much better than those. But I would love to travel, sampling food from around the globe. Learning the old world traditional techniques by being there." 
Ellen agreed as she looked up from the laptop. "I would love to go too, but that thing I will never even taste. I mean why eat brains? That's so gross. No one here would buy such a thing. Why would anyone even eat brains anyway?" 
Rob shrugged. "Because they were poor. You always see out-of-favor cuts in cuisine created by the very poor. In many cases, it’s all they can afford. That’s why today we have BBQ pork ribs, Buffalo chicken wings and fried gizzards. So many other popular dishes today were once out of favor crap cuts. The plantation owners tossed the ribs to the slaves because they thought the meat was too tough to bother eating. The slaves cooked it no matter what, as it was all they had. Eventually, some anonymous grandma created the technique of making it into something great. Now a full rack of ribs runs over twenty bucks. Go figure." 
Ellen shivered as she thought about it. "I'm glad I don't really ever eat meat at all anymore. The wedding meal was my last. It's all just too sad to me." 
They sat side by side, Rob watching the TV as Ellen edited the text, making her notes until the clock clicked midnight. 
"Might as well get some good sleep, it will be another twelve hour day tomorrow," he said, clicking the TV off. 
Ellen agreed. "I will get back on this tomorrow. For now, I just want to go snuggle with you." 
They wormed under the covers together and dozed off under the starry sky.
Chapter 5
A mere five weeks after Maria Miguel's opened, it was impossible to get a table on weekend night without reservations. In the first month, the staff had grown to include Miguel's sixteen year old cousin, Benito, as a busboy and Amanda's roommate, Stacy, as a hostess. The music on the speakers had switched from rock to acoustic Latin guitar. 
Ellen added large flowering cactuses in the big bay windows, their prickly branches bloomed neon pink and radiant yellow blooms in the warm sunlight. She swapped the dining room lighting to a trio of tabletop candles and now could afford to set every table with fresh flowers from the local florist. Intense blue hydrangeas and pale pink lilies sat atop the white linen table clothes in pale glass vases. Every detail of the café was coming to together.
Maya helped order uniforms for the staff. She enlisted a local ammeter seamstress to fashion modern dresses from traditional brightly colored Mexican fabric. Maria, Amanda and Stacy all looked amazing in them. Ellen opted not to have one made yet, as she was now mere weeks, or even days from giving birth. Her baby belly had grown rapidly in the last month, leaving her feeling awkward in a nothing except maternity clothing.
Rob added a few new dishes to the menu. Working late into the night with Miguel and Mamma, the trio perfected every nuance of the flavor. Mamma’s sun squinted eyes smiled, as she tasted the latest addition. Nodding her head in approval, she pulled the fork from her lips. 
Adjusting the spice with just a pinch of cayenne pepper and polite tilt of her head, she adjusted the sauce. So far the food had been received with nothing less than stellar reviews from raving diners. Rob knew it was Mamma’s expertise that had helped propel them to this level. No matter what he thought of the dishes, every new addition had to meet with Mamma’s approval before he would serve it to the diners.
Against all odds, the little café lit off like a pile of gunpowder, burning bright right from the first spark. Now, just as The Good Ship once was, Maria Miguel’s was blossoming into a popular dining destination for true foodies and trend seekers alike. The money was getting better each week. The exciting vibe was infectious and the staff was totally happy in their roles. The servers worked in unison with none of the usual backstabbing competitiveness found on the service floor. The entire staff was familia.
Ellen helped out during the busiest hours, in addition to bookkeeping. Afterhours and on her day off, she fined tuned Rob's book, making sure every comma, colon and period was in its place. Rob had rewritten the ending twice now, neither to his satisfaction. Ellen's earlier criticism had caused him to second guess every aspect of his ending. Scrapping three weeks of work, he had stopped writing for several days, not in frustration, but rather in the hopes the perfect ending would come to pass without being forced from his fingers. Not wanting to let the missing last chapters stall his success, he sent Rusty an email. 
"99% done with my first book. I would love to send it to Tony, get his opinion. Think he will read it?" 
Rob was at work when the reply came. Ellen opened the email, anxious to hear the response. Rusty sent a short and to the point reply.
"I asked Tony about the book, he said to send it the fuck over!" 
Reading the email, Ellen sent the book, minus the ending, immediately. Now, it had been nearly a week since, yet no word had come back. Hoping today would bring a reply, Rob checked the inbox, seeing nothing, he shot Ellen a depressed look. 
"It’s been days and still no word,” he said. “He probably won't even read it. And if he does, he will likely say some ‘That's great… for your first try. Keep on writing and never look back’ bullshit. I doubt he will even read it though,"
Rob twisted open a beer. Ellen sighed at his despair. "He said to send it didn't he? Who knows, maybe he hasn't read it yet, or hasn't even looked at his email. Some people don't look at it everyday." 
Rob smirked. "A celebrity that doesn't read their emails… Not likely. It’s a lot to ask though. I understand," he said, thumping down on the big sofa.
Ellen winced in pain as Rob shook the sofa with his thump. 
"Are you okay?" he asked, turning to her. 
"Yeah… I just got this sharp pain all of the sudden. It was like being stabbed unexpectedly. I need to lie down for a while. Now I feel all this pressure in my…" 
Ellen rubbed her side as she walked to the bedroom. Rob followed, still concerned with her sudden pain. Sitting on the bed, he brushed a tangle from her face. 
"If you have any pain, you're supposed to go to the hospital, remember?" he asked.
Ellen sighed. "I have pains all the time. If I went to the hospital every time, I would need to just move in there. It will subside, it always does. It's just getting stronger now, I'm thinking I am really close." 
Rob shot her a scowl. "The doctor said weeks." 
Ellen shrugged as she closed her eyes. "Baby says different," she said with a whisper. Rob slid down beside her, rubbing her gently as she waited out the pain.
In the quiet silence, they lay in the bed, Ellen too uncomfortable to talk. In the other room, the laptop chimed. 
Ellen opened her eyes. "That's an email,” she said, starting to rise. 
Rob pressed her shoulder back down. "You stay here, I can check the email. It’s probably an ebay ad or some bullshit. Ever since we bought those Mexican landscape prints online they send me crap emails." 
Rob walked into the kitchen to read the email. Ellen lay still in her place, listening for any sign of what it might be. Hearing nothing, after a long minute she closed her eyes again. Rob walked into the room, stopping at the door. She could feel him standing there, but he said nothing. Looking up, she saw him in the doorway, laptop in hand, just staring. 
"What is it?" she asked anxiously. 
Still silent, he walked to the bed, sitting at her feet. Handing her the computer, she found the email open. She read the address; bourdain669@eccopress.com. Holding her breath in anxiousness, her eyes flew through the message. 
"Just finished the book on my flight back from Tokyo. Twenty hours on a plane, eighteen of them reading, the last two spent imagining the ways this can all end up. You're a real fucker for Bogarting the end. Even without the ending, I dug it. I took the liberty of sending it to my publisher, she wants to meet Wednesday, her office, in New York. Short notice I know. She's leaving for London Thursday. Can you make it? I would if I were you." 
Ellen shot up from the bed with eyes wide. "You have a meeting… With a New York publisher! This couldn't be better." 
Rob pushed the computer aside and hugged her warmly, kissing her wordlessly as she continued on about making plans for the trip. 
"You're going to need to get a ticket, and hotel reservations… and you need a nice bag for your clothes… Oh you're clothes… You need a new outfit. This is an important meeting and all. We need to…" 
Rob "shushed" her with a single finger across her lips. "Later, right now, I just want to enjoy the moment." 
She matched his embrace with her own hug. As their faces touched, Rob felt hot tears trickling from Ellen's eyes. Looking at her, she laughed, wiping them as she smiled. 
"I'm so emotional. This being pregnant business is not what's cracked up to be," she said as he smiled back at her. 
His lips met hers with a soft kiss. "Don't get to excited," he said as he quickly pecked her forehead. "It's just a meeting, and I don't even have an ending yet."
Chapter 6
Ellen confirmed the appointment with Anthony Bourdain. She booked a flight and hotel online as she sipped her morning coffee. Afterwards, she went to the doctor to check up on the pain from the night before. On the drive home, she stopped to shop as Rob worked the lunch service. 
Picking out a handsome soft-sided suitcase, she moved on, choosing clothes, shoes and other items. Spending nearly $500, she let her frugal side slide. The cafe was earning steady profits now, she wanted taste to supersede budget for Rob's first impression. Excited with her purchases, she steered the Honda homeward, hoping to catch Rob after the lunch rush to try on the new clothes and shoes. Arriving at the apartment, she found Rob in the kitchen, talking to Rusty on the phone. 
"I can't thank you enough man… Of course I will come by before I go home, I will see you on Wednesday." She heard him say as he hung up. 
"That was Rusty," Rob said smiling. "This is a bad time for me to leave, but I have to admit, I'm getting excited about the trip." 
Ellen laid out the clothes and showed Rob the bag. "Try these on. If I have to take anything back to exchange sizes, I want to go right back now," Ellen said pointing to the clothes. 
Rob dressed in the clothes, rinsing his hair in the sink, standing in the mirror. Ellen stood behind him as they both gazed at his reflection. 
"They fit good. You look like a real gentleman. My handsome husband, Rob Anderson," she whispered.
Rob nudged her lightly with a laugh. "This isn't a photo shoot for GQ. It's just a meeting, and dinner," he said as he kicked off the new shoes. 
"It never hurts to look your best," she shot back, folding the pants as he pulled them off. 
"I know your right. I just have never needed to get dressed up before," he said.
She scowled at the remark. "This isn't dressed up. Its just quality casual." 
Rob nodded. " I do like the clothes though. You did a great job choosing for me." 
Laughing, he kissed her as she hung his shirt back on the hanger.
The next few days passed by with a growing intensity. Ellen woke just as excited as Rob as the Tuesday morning sun shone bright in the bedroom windows. 
"Today is the big day!" she said as she shook him awake. 
Rob was slow to rise. The dinner service the night prior had been particularly busy. The bar stayed over-full until the patrons were nearly pushed out of the cafe. Rob had helped Jose bartend all night, plus helped Miguel clean and close the kitchen. Since the opening, it was the first night the staff had worked until well after midnight closing. The sales were a record high.
Rob's eyes blurred in the light as he woke with a smile. Ellen was wide-awake, circling the room organizing Rob's things for the trip. 
"Take it easy. I don't even leave until tonight," he said, rising up wrapped in a sheet. 
"Well you don't want to wait until the last minute to pack do you?" she asked, carefully folding his clothes into the leather bag.
Rob teased her again as he walked to the bathroom for a shower. 
"You wanna’ go eat out somewhere before I go?" he asked from the bathroom as he turned on the water. 
With the water rushing into the tub he couldn't hear her answer. 
"Elle! I asked you do you want to go eat before I leave?" he called out louder as he stepped out of his boxers. 
Hearing no reply, he swung the door open to see is she was still in the room.
Looking into the bedroom, his heart skipped a beat. Ellen was on the floor, wincing in pain, curled a fetal position, holding her belly with both hands. Rob rushed to her side. Dropping to floor, he felt tears flooding his eyes as he watched the agonizing look on her face. 
"Elle! What’s happening?" 
She made no reply other than a cringing whimper. Rob dashed to the kitchen, fetching his phone. Dialing 911, he explained the situation as he ran back to Ellen's side. 
"That's right, Ellen Anderson, she is eight months pregnant, she had complications early on and her doctor said to bring her in immediately if she showed any sever pain. She's in serious pain. She is unable to stand and she can't even answer me. Please send the EMTs right away!" 
Rob let the phone fall to the floor as the operator hung up; assuring him help was in route.
Resting his face close to Ellen's cheek, holding her lightly, almost daring not to touch her, he whispered. "Just relax Elle. The EMTs are on the way," he said in tears as he brushed the hair from her eyes. 
"We will get you to the ER in a few minutes… Please Elle' just try to relax and catch your breath." 
Ellen opened her tear-filled eyes and stared at Rob, unable to speak a word. 
"Just breath Elle', close your eyes, and just breath slow. I'll be right here with you, no matter what happens. I will be right here with you. It will be okay… You just have to have faith... right?" 
She closed her eyes in terrifying silence as her trembling hand took hold of his. Rob had never been this scared. Trying not to let it show, he closed his tearing eyes. Holding her hand, tucking his head softy into her shoulder to hide his streaming tears, he whispered comforting words to her until he heard the sirens scream down the block.
Chapter 7
As the ambulance screeched to stop in front of the cafe, Maria pointed out the window to Miguel. The staff scrambled out the front door. Rob was at the top of the stairs, waving to the EMT's.
"Up here! You're going to need a stretcher!" he called out.
As Rob dashed back inside, Maria looked at Miguel in shock. With a flash, the two ran up the stairs to the apartment. They stood in terrified wonder as the EMTs gently lifted Ellen onto the stretcher. 
"Oh god Rob! What happened?" Maria asked, reaching her hand out for Rob's arm. 
"She just fell on floor in pain. One minute she was fine, the next…" 
She could see the tears streaming down his face as his voice choked. 
"I gotta’ go with her. I will call as soon as we know anything,” he said wiping his eyes. 
Maria covered her mouth with both hands and began to cry hard as they carried Ellen to the ambulance. 
"I want to go too!" she said running behind Rob. 
"You need to be here for dinner service. I will be beside her the whole time," Rob said, turning to her as they loaded Ellen in the back. 
"No! I go too!" Maria said as she leaped up into the ambulance. Rob climbed in behind her, taking Ellen's hand as the EMT began to check her vital signs. The sirens screamed again as they sped off down the street.
To his dismay, Rob was forced to sit in the waiting room as Ellen was rushed into the ER upon arrival at the hospital. Maria sat beside him, constantly crying silent tears. Rob was too nervous to sit still. Stepping down the hall, he asked the nurse again if he could go see her. 
"You have to wait for the doctor. Please sir, just take a seat and be patient, they are taking every care to help her I assure you." 
Rob felt no comfort in her words. He was desperate to see her. He needed to be there, at her side as he promised, where he belonged.
Maria walked over and hugged Rob. "I can't take it!" she said as she looked down the empty hall. 
Rob patted her with a hug. "I know. I can't either. I don't see why they can't let me go back there. She's my wife and she is in danger, with our baby…" 
His emotions flooded to the surface with his words. Breaking down in a barrage of tears, he fell to the chair holding his hands over his face.
The desk nurse shot furtive glances at Rob and Maria as they sat crying in their seats. Stepping up to the desk, she called over to him. 
"Sir, Mr. Anderson… We have a private family room for the ER. You both can wait there if you like. The doctor will come see you shortly." 
Rob shot his head up. Wiping their eyes, Rob and Maria followed the nurse to down the hall to the private room. The New York meeting had been erased from his mind altogether. His thoughts twisted and wrenched as he tried in vain to ward off the terrible possibility that… He may never see Ellen alive again. His wife and unborn child hanging in the balance as some unforeseen fate wrecked him to down in his soul.
Shortly after arriving in the private room, a concerned looking female doctor pushed the door open. 
"Mr. Anderson?" she asked as Rob shot up from his seat nodding. 
"Ellen has experienced sudden pre-term labor.  We have administered magnesium sulfate to delay delivery. She is stable now, and not in immediate danger." 
Rob listened intently. Relived for an instant, he felt there was bad news to follow. 
"And…" he asked the doctor, with worry in his eyes. 
The doctor sighed. "We have delayed labor, but there is chance we will have to force a delivery. It’s touch and go for the next twelve hours." 
Rob turned to his seat, slumping on the padded chair. "Will she be all right? And the baby?" 
The doctor raised her eyebrows. "A 34 week delivery is always risky, but we have had great success in these cases. Hopefully, we can keep her delayed until we force dilate her. If she doesn't respond well to the drug or… There's a twenty percent chance that… I have to tell you… It is a serious risk to the baby… and the mother." 
Rob let his face fall into his hands. Maria began to sob again. The doctor turned to the door, stopping at the threshold. "Just sit tight and try to relax. I will keep you updated as me move along. I have faith she will be fine," she said with a reassuring look. 
Rob nodded with humble eyes as Maria put an arm around him, tears falling hard her from her cheeks as she sobbed into a tissue. Sitting dead still in the chair, trembling inside, Rob’s fears began to take over. His mind raced franticly with images of happiness, and tragedy, mixed together in a blur. His hands shook as he took a tissue from the counter. Exchanging no words between them, Rob and Maria sat side by side. While he knew she was just down the hall, to Rob, Ellen felt a million miles away, perhaps never to return. 
Squirming with anxiety in the quiet private room, a small TV played in silence on the wall. It had been on since they walked in but was muted, Rob noticed the images on the screen. Picking the remote up off the nearby side table, he turned up the volume. 
"Hamilton county prosecutor, John Cranley announced today that he is forced to delay the date scheduled on the court docket for the trial of the once popular Good Ship Cincinnati. 
The prosecutor claims that his case is stalled due to the sudden disappearance of prior Good Ship manager Charlie Peyton. Ms. Peyton fled the US by private jet shortly after her bond was posted last month. Her whereabouts are still unknown at this time. 
Authorities are working with international law enforcement agencies in an effort to apprehend Ms Peyton and extradite her to the US on several felony charges. In addition to her prior pending charges, she now faces three additional charges including flight from justice, obstruction of justice and falsifying official documents. Mr. Cranley says he hopes to have in her in custody by…" 
Rob muted the TV as the reporter went on with the story. "Yeah right," he mumbled as he wiped his puffy red eyes. "She's gone. George is gone. They will never see her again." 
Maria looked at him with concerned eyes. "Maybe we can see Ellen now?" she said with desperation in her eyes. 
"Not unless the doctor gives the okay," Rob replied with a hopeless shrug. 
Maria sat back in her chair, crossing her arms with a frustrated huff.
The cafe began to fill up fast around noon. Amanda pulled Stacy onto the floor to help serve. The girls passed the orders directly to Miguel as he franticly worked as expediter and lead cook. He was relying on Armando's abilities more than his own as the orders stacked up. 
Jose manned the bar alone for the first time, trying hard to keep up with the drink orders as the servers called them out. The cafe was running, but on the edge of chaos without Rob and Maria. Miguel knew they were on thin ice. One slip up, a single dropped order, one missed table check and the whole line could plummet down into a spiraling out of control disaster. The short-handed team stayed strong but strained to their breaking point, pushing their talent to the limit as the café filled to capacity.
Miguel soon called out orders faster than Armando could keep up with. Seeing Army sliding into the weeds, he jumped over to the grill, turning the sizzling meat. Standing beside Army, Miguel corrected his mistakes in a mid-rush frenzy. 
"Eets too busy to make one order at a time. Make all the tacos for all the orders at once. Lay out all the shells, then all the meat, then the sauce, then the cilantro… Same with everything else. All together for now, not one at a time." 
Armando nodded and scanned the tickets, laying out shells for all the orders at once. Miguel mussed Army’s hair as he went back to the window. 
"You'll get eet amigo. Dees ees rush time, make everything all at once. No worries about food dying in the window when we are moving dees fast."
Miguel wondered if they could pull it off alone. This was his first true test in the new café and he knew it.
Maria Miguel's was far from Rob's mind as he sat waiting for the next hour. He wondered what could be happening with Ellen, and feared the worst. The doctor had assured him Ellen was stabilized and in no immediate danger, but the waiting, and the worrying told him otherwise.
The door opened as the nurse came into the room. Rob and Maria shot up in their seats. 
"Just relax, I just wanted to update you." 
Rob sat back down while Maria stayed standing. 
"Ellen's water broke. She was taken to surgery. The doctor is force delivering the baby through a C-section. Both Ellen and the baby are stable. After the delivery, the baby will go to NICU for monitoring and care. Ellen will be asleep for a while longer, when she wakes, I will let you know and you can go to her room." 
A million questions raced through Rob's thoughts as she explained the situation. "Forced delivery! The baby isn't due for weeks. What are the chances of something going…" His words stuttered, he stopped talking and sat back down, tears filling his eyes again. 
The nurse turned to leave but stopped, seeing Rob's anguish she paused. 
"Trust me Rob. Just try to relax. Think positive thoughts. Ellen's pregnancy has taken a less than perfect turn, but everything is being done to ensure her safety as well as the child's. Let the doctors do what they are trained to do, they're really good at this. Obviously there are no guarantees on any outcome in surgery. But if Ellen was my daughter, I would feel confident she was going to be okay. You're going to be a father in the next hour or so. Have you decided on a name?" 
Rob shook his head. "We had a couple. None of them really stuck though." 
The nurse reassuringly smiled as she pulled the door closed. 
"You had better start thinking about one then, now shouldn't you?" she asked, smiling as the door quietly shut.
Maria looked at Rob with a nervous calmness. "Ellen will be okay. I know it. She is tough." 
Rob nodded. "I wish I thought like that," he said, hanging his head. "I guess I just don't have the blind faith you and Ellen have."  
Maria rubbed his shoulder. "That's right. You have to listen to Ellen. What's that she always says? ‘You just have to have faith.’ That's it. She always says that right?" 
Rob smiled, wiping his tears as he looked up at her. "Yep. That's what she always says. I just hope she has enough faith for both us this time. She’s back there all alone…" 
Maria frowned. "She is not alone. I have faith too! I believe in her. She made a hard journey for me you know, and you too. She had faith then, and here I am now. We must all have faith now, faith in Ellen." 
Rob nodded. "That's something I can believe in. You're right Maria, I do have faith… in Ellen." 
Maria sat beside him in the chair, the vibe had calmed from near panic to a nervous peace as they waited for Ellen to come out of surgery.
Chapter 8
Miguel passed the last four plates in the window from his row of tickets. "That's eet. Eets over amigo," he said to Armando, wiping his hands on a towel. 
Armando looked over but didn't say a word. His usual confident tone has been stripped away by the savage stress of manning two stations alone at full speed for nearly three hours straight. Wiping his head, he stood at the wash sink, soaking a towel in cold water to cool his fire. 
"I'm not sure I wanna’ be the cook anymore," Armando said as he leaned over the stainless sink. 
Miguel laughed. "Sure you do! You can do eet too. You knew eet wasn't easy, you see what we did on The Ship. Dees little place, dees ees easy. We’re just shorthanded you know? But you made eet through, and not one dish dropped. No returns either, everything A-Okay," he said making a circle with his thumb and finger. 
Looking over, Armando listened as he draped the towel over his head.
"We did good, you did good amigo, Chef would agree. That's the difference between a real cook and da’ chef. Da’ chef can pull eet off, no matter what happens. Wanna-be cooks, they cry and quit when they get hit hard, walk out and never come back. I’ve seen eet many times. Chef Rob has seen eet more even. Many cooks brag how good they are, then when we get slammed real hard… They just panic and shut down. They suck man, cooks like that. They can cause the kitchen to crash. Then we all look bad. You and me, we can do eet.”
Armando nodded, but remained doubtfully silent as he washed his face in the cold water.   
"Order to-go," Amanda called out into the window. Miguel took the ticket as Armando hung his head with an exaggerated sigh. 
"Two pollo tacos. Two chili's, four tamales, three mole chicken," Miguel called out with authority. "Don't rush, don't delay," he said as Armando began the chicken. 
"Chicken working…" Armando said quietly as he placed chicken breasts on the searing hot grill. 
Miguel issued a laugh. "Poor little amigo… He don't want to be da’ cook no more, he wants to take eet easy washing dishes… He can’t handle cooking." 
Armando shot him a scowl. "I'm making it! You see the pollo is working. What else you say about that?" he shot back in anger. 
Miguel laughed again as he took a big drink from an iced tea, watching with a smile as Armando switched to preparing the tacos on the other station.
The dining room tables that had been continuously filled were now vacant as the rush disappeared. Amanda and Stacy heaved huge bus pans of dirty dishes to the kitchen. Every pan emptied into the dish sink caused Armando to shoot a glance and shake his head in despair. 
"Now I have to clean all the dishes too!" he yelled as he pulled the smoking charred chicken off the grill. 
Miguel nodded. "Yep! All the dishes, and all the pans too. Then we wipe everything down and mop, we have to prep for dinner service too you know."  
Armando shook his head sadly as he ladled rich dark mole sauce over the grilled chicken. "We need another cook for dinner, I can't do this all day and night too amigo." 
Miguel teased him about being a baby as he walked away to start the dishes. But he knew Armando was right, they would need another pair of hands in the kitchen if they were to keep out of the weeds at dinner in Rob's absence. He had no idea when Maria and Rob would be back. The thoughts kept his mind off the fact that even miles away, he too was worried about Ellen. 
"We will call Maya.” Miguel said. “She's good in the kitchen, with her help, we can make eet through." 
Armando shook his head. "I guess. She's better than nothing. She can help with the dishes right?" 
Miguel smiled as he scrubbed a plate. "Sheet! Dees is the food we grew up on amigo. Maya ees no chef but she can cook dees dishes. Mamma taught her. She can cook good. I'm not kidding. You will see." 
Armando shrugged as he boxed the order for Amanda. "I hope so. I'm never going to make it alone tonight. If she is so good, maybe she can do all the cooking and I can do the dishes." 
Miguel laughed as he sprayed the rack of plates. "May-be amigo. May-be, if you want a little girl to do the chef job better than you, you can tell Rob you can’t hack eet when he comes back." 
Armando pushed the order in the window then took out a blunt from his pocket. "No more orders. I'm on break now. You should be on break with me," he said, holding out the blunt and walking to the back door. 
Miguel watched smiling, rinsing his hands, he followed Armando outside.
Stacy sprang into action, cleaning the tables as Amanda finished bussing the glasses, picking up the tips and checks. Taking her time collecting the cash, Amanda felt secure. She had no sense of protection or concern over the tips on the tables. She knew no one on the entire staff would short her or pocket her unattended cash as in the other places she had worked. 
The notion of teamwork had been preached to her for years by corporate training eggheads from Apples Bees, TGI Friday's and the Olive Garden. Until now, she always considered it corporate propaganda, not to be taken seriously. It wasn't because she was biased or opposed to the training, it was simply because she had learned the hard way that other servers would steal tables, tips and even boyfriends if they caught glimpse of an opportunity. 
At the café, she was part of a true team. For the first time, she realized what the corporate eggheads were saying all along was true. She simply had never worked with a real team until now. The staff pulled together in Rob, Ellen and Maria's absence. After the intense service, they understood who they really were a little more. The hot fire of the blistering lunch rush had forged a stronger staff.
Chapter 9
Ellen opened her eyes as she lay in the hospital bed on crisp paper-thin sheets. Her vision hazy, she looked around room, seeing no one. Feeling her belly, she panicked realizing the baby was no longer with her. Pressing the call button, the nurse came shortly. 
"Mrs. Anderson! Good to see you're awake and with us again.” 
Ellen rubbed her eyes with both hands, trying to get a clearer picture of the nurse. "My baby… Where…" 
The nurse patted her arm as she checked the equipment beside the bed. "The doctor performed an emergency C section. Your baby is in the NICU. She is doing well and breathing on her own. You both are very lucky." 
Ellen felt tears welling in her eyes as she imagined her baby girl all alone somewhere deep in the hospital’s bowels. "When can I see her?" she asked, choking her words. 
"As soon as you can sit up and move around," The nurse replied smiling. "Rob and Maria are down the hall in the ICU waiting room. I'm positive he wants to get in here to see you as well. Let's sit you up." 
Ellen squirmed up wearily against the pillow. 
"Here's a cold water, don't drink too much at a time. I will get a wheel chair and we will get you down to the NICU after you feel like moving around. I will tell your husband he can come back now, if you're up for it." 
Ellen nodded. "Please do, Rob must in a panic. My sister Maria, I want to see her too." 
The door opened to the waiting room as Rob and Maria's eyes shot to the doorway. Their eyes shot to the door as the nurse called them. "Mr. Anderson… Maria, you can come back and see Ellen now." 
They both rose quickly off their seats, following the nurse down the hallway. 
"Is she okay? What about the baby?" Rob asked with a worried tone as they walked. 
With a smile, the nurse replied. "Everything is fine. The doctor will be in shortly to answer all your questions." 
The nurse opened the door the Ellen's room, showing Rob and Maria in. Ellen was sitting on the edge of the bed. Rob ran to her side, hugging her with tearing eyes. 
"Oh my god Elle'… It's so good to see you’re okay," he said as he tucked his head into her shoulder. 
Ellen wrapped both her arms around him, the two sat in joyous silence for a moment, holding each other with warming love.
With a pat and a rub, Ellen broke her hug. Wiping her eyes, she looked over to Maria. 
"Maria, I am so glad to see you!" she said, holding her arms outstretched for Maria. 
Maria hugged her gently. "Are you feeling okay?" she asked, as she looked Ellen over with worry. 
"I'm kinda’ dizzy and weak. But I feel fine," Ellen replied with a slight laugh. 
"We were so scared waiting back there. I kept thinking I might never see you again. It was a life changing scare," Rob said as he sat beside Ellen on the bed. "I'm so glad it's over… I'm so happy to see you." 
Ellen felt the love surround her. This was the feeling of family she had always longed for. Now, there was one more addition to the family, one she had not laid eyes on yet.
"The nurse said the baby is fine," Rob said reassuringly. 
Ellen smiled through tears again at him. "She said I could see her when I can move around. Help me sit in the wheelchair, I want to go to her now." 
Rob and Maria steadied her as she stood up, turning to sit in the low chair. Just as she was seated, the door opened. 
"Hello there Mr. and Mrs. Anderson," The doctor said, walking in with an electronic chart in hand. "I see you are up and ready to go the NICU." 
Ellen nodded with wide eyes. "I want to go right away. Can we please go see her now?" 
The doctor smiled with a shake of her head. "Of course. Your baby is doing great. We were concerned about her breathing on her own, but she is breathing well now. As with all C-sections, she still needs antibiotic treatments. But with close monitoring for the next twelve hours, if all looks good, she could go home as soon as tomorrow." 
Ellen felt tears of joy welling her eyes as the doctor spoke. Rob pushed her along the shiny hallway floor as they crisscrossed the labyrinth of corridors and over sized doors. Stopping beside the door marked NICU, the couple paused, peering in the window to get their first glance at their newborn daughter. The doctor opened the door as the NICU nurse turned to face them. 
"This is Mr. and Mrs. Anderson, they are anxious to see baby Anderson," she said with a smile. 
The nurse waved them over to the window. Pointing to a row of tiny beds with clear rounded Plexiglas tops above them, she tapped on the glass towards the last bed. 
"That's your baby right there on the end," she said, twisting the knob on the door.
Rob and Ellen went straight to the tiny bed, peering in with excited eyes. They nearly held their breath, not daring to break the silence in the room as they looked through the glass at the sleeping infant. 
"She looks like you," Rob whispered in Ellen's ear. 
"She looks simply beautiful," Ellen whispered in reply.
"She is beautiful." The nurse said. "I would love to let you hold her, but we must protect premature infants from bacteria and infection for the first day after birth. After her antibiotic treatments, assuming she responds well, we will bring her to your room." 
Rob and Ellen's ears heard the nurse’s words, but their eyes were locked on the sight of their tiny child, so fragile in her sleep under the glass.
"Oh I want to hold her so bad!" Ellen whispered louder. 
Rob rubbed her back as she leaned from her wheelchair to see more of the tiny sleeping infant. The nurse motioned them out of the room. 
"We try to keep the exposure in here to a minimum. If you come with me we will get you back to your room. You have some paperwork to fill out and maybe you will feel like eating, if you're up to it. Get your strength back up and all.” 
Rob pulled the chair back from the capsule. Ellen felt the urge to hold on to the tiny bed and stay. But as she raised her hand, the chair pulled away from the bed, turning towards the door, she strained her neck around, watching her sleeping baby for every last second until she slowly rolled out of site.
Back in her room, the nurse left several forms for Rob and Ellen. Reading them aloud, Ellen listened as Rob explained what they said. 
“This is one is insurance… This one is our information… This one is… the birth certificate. We need to fill in her name…" 
He looked at Ellen with anxious eyes waiting for her reply. 
"We never decided," she said as he paused signing the forms. 
"I know," Rob said as he moved beside her. "We have to decide now. We can't just call her "the baby" anymore." 
She looked at him nervously. "I still just don't know. I mean I want to her name to mean something, something meaningful to us, to her." 
Rob nodded. "I agree. But what?" 
The two looked at each other in wonder, then a smile ran across Ellen's face. 
"Oh my god Rob this isn't funny but I can't help from laughing. We have a daughter and we don't even have a name," Ellen said with a laugh.
Rob smiled back. Maria giggled as she watched the two face their first parental dilemma. 
"Lets go back to that," Rob said as he flipped through the forms. Sign the rest of these and let's give it one more minute to process. Ellen took the forms and tossed them aside on the bed.
"We've had months to think of a name. Now we have to decide," she said with a sigh, shooting Rob a worried look. He paced the room. Staring out the window, he watched the big oak trees behind the hospital sway in the breeze. The sun beamed rays of bright yellow through the clouds. 
Ellen looked at Maria. Maria smiled and shrugged. "I wish I could help, all the names I know are Vietnamese. 
Ellen laughed. "I can't even speak Vietnamese, let alone spell it. We will think of something. It will all work out in the end, you just have to have… Faith." 
Rob said her last word simultaneously. Turning from the window, he took Ellen by the hand. Looking straight into her eyes, his face turned into a huge smile. 
"That's it Ellen! Faith," he said as she looked back at him with wide eyes. 
Ellen nodded her head, her mouth open in a smile. "I love it! What a wonderful name for a beautiful baby girl." 
Rob fished the birth certificate from the stack of papers and wrote the name on the line, "Faith Anderson". They were both pleased with the sudden choice of the name as they watched it being written out. 
"She needs a middle name too," Rob said as his pen hovered over the blank space. 
"My mother's name was Annette, she went by Annie," Ellen suggested. 
Rob said the name in full out loud, "Faith Annette Anderson… I like it." 
Ellen’s eyes began to tear as she looked at Rob. "I like it too… I missed so much of her all these years… Now, she lives again in her granddaughter.”
Rob wrote the name on the form. "There it is, after all these months of worry, we ended up with the best name ever at the last second. Faith Annette Anderson… I can't wait to meet you!"
After a teary goodbye, Rob and Maria headed back to the café as Ellen stayed the night at the hospital. 
Chapter 10
Bright and early the next morning, Rob dressed to go pick up Ellen and his new daughter. Maria knocked on the door.
“Hi Rob. I want to go with you to see Ellen,” she said as he opened the door.
“Sure Maria, just give me two minutes and we will head out,” Rob replied.
Arriving at the hospital, they made their way to Ellen’s room anxiously. When baby Faith was brought to the room, Rob and Maria took turns holding her. The doctor came in with instructions, medications and released Ellen with Faith. Outside, Rob carefully strapped the fragile newborn into the car seat. Maria and Ellen sat in the back on each side of Faith. Ellen kept a concerned hand on her the whole way home. Rob watched them in the rearview mirror. The warm smile on her face, his sleeping baby safe and headed home, he felt a calming peace. 
The sun was still high in the afternoon sky as they parked in front of the cafe. Walking up the steel stairs, Rob noticed how many customers filled the tables. It was busy for mid afternoon. Maria dashed inside to help.
Making their way upstairs, the room was ready for baby Faith as Ellen carried her to the bed. Against her nature, Ellen placed the tiny baby in the crib, removing all the bedding and pillows as per the doctor’s orders. Lying on the bare mattress, Faith looked too cold and lonely to leave alone. 
It took all she had not to give her a blanket, but the doctor has said not to allow any bedding or pillows, for fear it could cause difficulty breathing. Faith’s premature lungs were still developing, for her to even be home this early was a miracle, Ellen instinctively wanted to cover her, but dared not to. As the family settled into the apartment, Rob stood at the doorway to the Faith’s room. 
"Elle' I'm going to head downstairs and see how things are going. I've pretty much been gone since yesterday." 
Ellen nodded with a smile. "Okay, see you when you get back," she whispered. 
Dressing for work, he took to the stairs, closing the door behind him quietly.
Walking into the cafe, glancing at the customers, he noticed there were several tables with diners but none seemed to have any food. 
"That’s odd, service this slow at three o'clock… Either they all walked in at the exact same time, or something is wrong back there," he thought to himself.
Looking in the kitchen, he saw no pans working, nothing cooking at any station, and no cooks. 
"Miguel!" he called out. 
Miguel peeped in from the back door.
"What's the deal with those people out there? They don't have food and there is none working." 
Miguel nodded. "Si, they say they not hungry or something. Maybe they no like the menu I dunno’." 
Rob scowled. Turning back to the bar, he looked at the diners closer. Even from behind he recognized one head, Harvey. 
Rob walked over to the bar corner stool. "What's up Harv?” he asked, patting his shoulder. 
Harvey turned, looking up from his phone. "Anderson!" 
Rob expected to him to say something more, but Harvey just paused. Suddenly the staff came to the dining room clapping their hands. The customers all stood up and began clapping too. Rob looked at the faces and realized they were all family and friends. With his arms out wide, Harvey moved close to Rob. "Congratulations Anderson!" 
Rob looked around the room in surprise as he recognized face after face. The faces were all smiling, cheering for Ellen and Rob's new baby girl. 
Mamma stepped forward. "We're not here to make a production of ourselves. I know you have a business to run, but you have an hour or so to sit down and enjoy our little party. Can Ellen come down for a bit?" she asked.
Rob shook his head. "No way I could pull her out of that room now. She's glued to that little girl's side." 
Harvey patted Rob hard with a hug. "She's going to be a fine mother. And you are going to be real good dad too. We just wanted to have a little get-together. I called to see how things were going and Miguel said you coming home so here we are! Now, lets get some drinks." 
Rob shook hands with the smiling crowd and staff as they made their way to the bar. Miguel brought out platters of appetizers that were warming in the ovens as Jose poured rows of shots for a toast. Harvey held his glass up first.
"To the Anderson family, good people." 
The crowd cheered and tipped the drinks. Harvey gave Rob a card. 
"A little something for baby gear shopping, you can never have enough you know." 
Rob thanked him as a second person offered a card. Another stood at his side with a gift, soon Rob had a stack of cards and presents on the bar top for Ellen and baby Faith. 
Maria brought out a platter with delicate Vietnamese dumplings. "I made this for Ellen, all veggie, she will like it." 
Rob looked at the dumplings with wide eyes. "She's awake. Go ahead and take it up to her while it's still hot. It really looks beautiful!" 
Mamma handed her a blanket to give to Ellen as well.
"You go along with Maria. Give that to her yourself. She would love to see you," Rob said as he handed the blanket back to Mamma. 
The family and friends gathered at the bar, eating and drinking as Harvey told jokes between shots of scotch. After the party, Rob found all went well during his absence. The new crewmembers Benito, Maya and Stacy were meshing seamlessly with the staff. Rob took time to go back up to the apartment. Ellen was still in Faith's room, whispering to Maria and Mamma as they sat beside the quiet crib.
In the living room, Rob took out the laptop and wrote an email to Bourdain explaining his situation and apologizing for missing the meeting. Sending it off, he sighed on the sofa. 
"What timing," he thought as he went over the events of the past 24 hours. "Everything is fine now at least. Faith and Ellen are safe at home, that’s all that really matters." 
As Rob sat thinking on the sofa, the email alert beeped. Looking back at the screen, he was surprised to see an immediate reply from Bourdain. 
"Congratulations! Welcome to fatherhood. Glad to hear it all went well. I will set up another meeting. Nancy arrives back in NY the day after tomorrow, we will shoot for a meeting then." 
Rob felt a huge sense of relief as he read the email. He wanted to spring off the sofa and tell Ellen the news, but he stayed in his seat, not disturbing her. Taking the laptop in hand, suddenly he found himself thinking of another new ending. The words fell into place like raindrops, his fingertips slid across the keys with ease. This time, he knew he had it right. Quickly, he wrote the thoughts that flooded his mind.
Ellen came into the living room carrying baby Faith. Taking next to Rob, Ellen propped her up against her breasts to see Rob.
"You want to hold your little girl?" Ellen asked as she rocked the baby. Faith’s eyes were wide-awake, staring up at Rob. 
"I've been waiting all day," he said as he took her from Ellen. 
Looking down into her eyes, he rocked her with a smile. "Baby Faith look how beautiful you are… Look how beautiful you are…" he said, tickling the baby’s belly.
With their eyes locked, Ellen watched as she gripped his thumb. She laughed as Faith smiled up at Rob. She felt so good to be home, so good to be a mother, and most of all, to be a family.
Rob stood up, carrying Faith to the big windows. She squinted in the bright sun. Moving her to the shade, he looked out to the street. He could see people parking, chirping their locks as they made their way into the cafe. Ellen stood beside him, one arm around his back. 
"It's getting busy already," she said, watching the customers come towards the door. "You have a lot of work to do tonight. I bet they missed you down there." 
Rob motioned to the laptop. "Look at the last email," he said, holding his baby girl. 
Ellen read the email and shot him a surprised look. "That's great! You have a new meeting just a day away!" 
Rob shrugged. "It's great, I know. But I don't want to leave you and Faith so soon. Not to mention take more time off from work." 
Ellen scowled, then smiled. "We will be fine for a day I'm certain." 
Smiling at Faith, Rob gently passed her back to Ellen. "Miguel hired Maya in the kitchen. She did good for her first day. With Maria back, the staff can run fine without me. It's you I am worried about. The doctor said you might experience pain that could lead to complications again. I can't leave you here alone like that." 
Ellen rocked Faith smiling. "A day Rob? I think we can manage one day on our own. Besides I have Maria here if I need her. And Mamma too, she said she would come by every day for a while." 
Rob kissed her on the forehead. "I just want to stay… I… Love you." 
Ellen rocked the baby as he wrapped her in a hug from behind. 
Feeling his nose against her ear, she whispered. "I love you to Rob. So, trust me. We will be fine on our own. You go. This is important." 
Reluctantly, Rob agreed as he rubbed baby Faith's belly once more before Ellen took her to her room.
Chapter 11
Rob worked the line on both the lunch and dinner service before he had to leave, giving Miguel an extra day off. The crowd stayed steady, the staff worked with casual speed and smooth efficiency. Rob was impressed with his growing team as he watched them work the busy service. Aside from his worries about Ellen, he was confident about leaving the café. 
After the dinner service, Rob walked into the apartment. His nerves were giddy with anticipation over the coming meeting. Inside, he found his clothes were packed in the suitcase beside the sofa. His ticket and reservations sat on the coffee table, ready for his early morning flight.
Ellen dished out two bowls of Pho and plated a dozen of Maria’s dumplings. The two proud parents sat dining at the table as the cool night air wafted in from the open windows. Baby Faith stayed sound asleep in her crib.
After dinner, Rob showered and shaved. Sitting on the sofa in a robe, Ellen smiled at him as he sat beside her. "You look nice. Your clothes are all ready. The ticket and hotel confirmation is in the envelope. I put five hundred dollars in cash in there too," she said, smiling.
Rob placed his finger over her lips. "Shhh," he whispered, leaning in to kiss her. "I know you have it all ready. Let's just enjoy the last few hours we have before I leave. I feel like I'm leaving for a year or something." 
Ellen smiled through the kiss, hugging him hard. Around midnight, they went to bed. Holding each other in a lasting embrace, they fell peacefully asleep.
Rob woke early to find Ellen still sleeping. 
"Ha!" he said as he rose. "I woke up before you today!" he teased as Ellen slept. 
Dressing, he gathered his things. Making coffee, he heard baby Faith stir awake in her room. Peeking in the door, he was surprised to see Ellen still asleep. Walking in to wake her, he shook her gently. 
"Elle' I have to go now. Faith is stirring already." 
Shaking her again, he repeated his words louder. 
"Elle'… Ellen? Ellen, are you still sleeping?" 
Pulling her covers off, he found the bed sheet covered in blood. The sight shocked him, weakening his knees instantly. 
"Oh my god! Ellen!" He franticly began to shake her, crying her name over and over. Her eyes began to open, slowly at first, then suddenly wide. 
"Rob? What's going on? What time is it?" Ellen asked sleepily. 
She was startled when she realized Rob's face was flooded in tears. 
"Faith! Is she okay?" Ellen asked, shooting up.
Rob shook his head. "She is fine Ellen, now just lie still. We have get you to the doctor." 
Ellen looked confused. "Why? I'm fine," she asked. 
Looking down, she noticed the pool of blood she had been sleeping in. The sight weakened her as well, tearing her eyes as Rob urged her to lie back down. 
"My god Rob… What's happening?" she cried.
Whispering in her ear, he urged to relax. "Just lie still, I will call 911." 
Ellen shook her head. "No! Don't! I want to go on my own, with you and Faith, I don't want to leave her." 
Rob understood. "Can you get up and walk?" 
Ellen nodded. "I will get up and walk to the van, you get Faith ready." 
He steadied her as she rose to her feet. 
"I can do it. I feel okay, just a little dizzy." 
Rob dashed to van, leaving the door open behind him. He came back down the steel stairs with baby Faith, returning to help Ellen down the stairs.
Driving to the hospital, Rob kept a constant watch on Ellen’s face for signs of trouble. He worried when Ellen began to cry. 
"Does it hurt?" he asked with a shaky voice. 
"I'm fine… You're going to miss the meeting again. All because of me." 
Rob rubbed her thigh. "Don't worry about the meeting Ellen. You could have real problems, what if we lost you? 
Ellen sobbed again. "I don't want Faith to ever know a life without a mom. I had that life, I loved my dad, but I missed my mom so much." 
Rob rubbed her with a free hand as he drove. "Just calm down and let's take it slow and easy. We will be there in a few minutes. Just relax now. Stop worrying about the meeting. There can always be another meeting."
Ellen lay back in her seat but couldn't stop her sobbing. She felt they were cursed. Every time something good happened, something bad got in the way. She wondered if there could be such a thing as fate. They had worked so hard, so honestly. They had endured so much bad luck over the past year, and yet still more was coming on at the worst time.
As Rob sat in the waiting room he noticed the time. 7:24. His flight was leaving in forty minutes, without him. The thought was disconcerting, but his real worry was still focused on Ellen. Pacing in the hall by the nurses station, he recognized the nurse from before. 
"Hi there, can I go see my wife, Ellen Anderson?" he asked, rocking baby Faith in his arms. 
“I will check and see," she replied as she walked down the hall.
The nurse came back, Rob could see in her face the answer was yes. 
"The ER doctors checked her over and she seems fine. I don't see why you can't go back and wait with her for now," she said with a smile. 
Rob waited in Ellen's room. Baby Faith resting in her arms again, Ellen's nerves were soothed with her presence. Shortly after, the doctor ordered tests. Ellen was whisked away in her bed down the hall. 
"You're looking at a long wait," the nurse said to Rob as she folded Ellen's clothes. "The doctor has ordered a full blood battery. A gyno exam and other tests as well. I'd say four to six hours at least just for the tests alone." 
Forlorn, Rob looked at Faith. "I don't want to stay here in that chair with our newborn. I guess I will have to take her home. Have Ellen call me immediately when she is back in her room please." 
The nurse nodded. "No problem. I will relay to Ellen to call when she is finished." 
Rob thanked her and drove back home to wait out the testing ordeal.
After feeding Faith, he put the sleepy baby back to bed. Sitting on the sofa, he clicked the computer on. Nearly too embarrassed to type the words, he sent another cancelation to Anthony Bourdain, explaining that his wife was in the ER again. He felt a sinking feeling that this publisher would no doubt begin to tire of his cancelled meetings and lose interest altogether. With a sigh, he pressed ‘Send’ and sunk back onto the sofa.
Within a few minutes the email alert beeped. Rob read the new message. "I feel so sorry for your family. The stress must be unbearable. I imagine you will need some time after all this to stay close to your wife. I could attend the meeting and act as agent if you want. My agent charges a 10% fee, so I would take on the pitch for the same. I have no idea how to be an agent, but it may buy some much needed time for you." 
Rob replied right away. "Thank you for the concern. Of course I would be proud and very thankful to have you act as agent. Please tell Nancy I am working on a new ending as we speak. It is finally going very well." 
Knowing Tony would be representing his book at the meeting as scheduled, he relaxed. A great weight of sorrow had been lifted. Now, his only worries were Ellen.
Rob waited for the call from the hospital. Impatient, he called but was offered no update on her condition. Feeling stir crazy with anxiety, he sat on the steel stairs with the door open so he could hear Faith if she cried. 
After a half hour or so in the sunshine, he stood up to go back inside. A van pulled up to the curb. Rob watched a well-dressed woman take a sign from the back of the van and place it on the cafe window. 
Walking down the stars to see what the deal was, Rob saw it was a realty sign.
 "What the hell is this?" he asked with harsh tone. 
"Oh, hello! I am Christy, Christy Bley. The owner of this building just listed it for sale with our company. Are you the tenant?" 
Rob nodded with a wrinkled brow. 
Seeing he was distressed, she tried to calm him. "Well, I thought Mr. Abner would have called you. That would have been better than finding out today when I put up the sign." 
Rob shrugged. "I'm not surprised. It always happens to me," he said causally. 
The agent cocked her head curiously. "Really? Have you been having some trouble with the unit?" 
Rob shook his head. "No, the unit is great. It's life I keep having trouble with." 
She feigned an exaggerated look of sadness. "Well, you could always try to buy the building. It's priced well below market at $295,000. With all the great traffic and this cute little cafe that's a steal." 
Rob nodded. "I'm sure it is. I'm sure it will sell right away too. I guess I had better start packing." 
The agent made a sad face again. "You don't know until you try. I have a great lender connection. Here, let me give you his card. If he can't get you a loan to buy this place, no one can." 
Rob took the card. "It will be more bad news I'm sure. This really sucks, we have seven people who depend on this job, plus my wife and I. Now we have to close and start all over somewhere else, if we even can afford to, plus find a place to live. No offense lady, but you just ruined my fucking day, my week, maybe my life." 
The agent looked genuinely sad this time. "Call my guy, see if he can help. If not, I will do my best to find you a rental location for your cafe before this listing sells." 
Tucking the card in his pocket, he waved to the agent as he turned to the stairs.
Rob heard the phone ringing and he ran in to answer it. The nurse explained that Ellen was fine and he could pick her up in about an hour. He thanked her and hung up, sliding back on the leather cushions. 
"How am I going to tell Ellen about this. It will put her right back in the ER. And Miguel! Poor Miguel and Maria, they will be devastated.”
Rob tried to put the thoughts out of his mind as he dressed Faith to go with him. "I'm just not going to tell her… That's all I can do right now," he thought as he strapped Faith in her seat. 
Sitting behind the wheel, he saw the sign clearly. "Damn! The sign! She will see it right off. Oh well, nothing I can do about it now." 
He felt hopeless as he drove to the hospital. Picturing Ellen, he knew she would be in great spirits, happy that she was coming home. He felt terrible to ruin her happiness with this tragic turn of events.
Chapter 12
All along the ride home Rob never mentioned the for sale sign. He wanted to, but couldn't bring himself to do it. Stopping at the curb, he parked and carried Faith to the stairs. Standing on the sidewalk, Ellen stopped in mid-sentence when she saw it. 
"I was thinking, we could take three days off. The staff is doing great, Miguel and Maria are running the show so we…" She stopped, silently pointing.
Rob nodded with a sigh. "I know. It's for sale. Abney fucked us. And there is no lease, it wouldn't matter much even if there was." 
Ellen walked on up the stairs. Rob saw the tears in her eyes welling as she held the rail, slowly making her way up. His heart sank, hurting with a real pain. It felt like a searing gas attack as the muscles curled inside his chest. Sharp spasms shot wincing spasms, stealing his breath.
In a scare, Rob gripped the baby tightly, stepping faster to her room. Placing her in the crib, he felt relief. Quickly sitting on the bed, he held his breath, breathing only when he had to, and only very shallow then. Ellen looked worried. 
"What's happening Rob? Are you Okay?" she asked.
Rob nodded. "It's just terrible stress. It's giving me heart pains, well more like side pains. I doubt a doctor could do much more for me than a drink would.”
Rising up, he walked slowly to the kitchen. Pouring a glass of tequila, he sipped it back several times in a row. Twisting the top off a cold beer, he drank a third of it down fast. Ellen watched with concern.
"I feel better already," he said as he sipped the beer. "Seriously, I know it is just stress, this whole ‘for sale’ sign has me feeling twisted in knots. I can't think of anything else. This was all for nothing! The cafe, apartment, remodel, tens of thousands of dollars… all for nothing. Where’s that blunt Army left here? I feel like I need it now more than ever."
Ellen knew he was hurting. Rob was tough, only the toughest can command a busy line in fine dining restaurant and be considered one of the best. It was hard work but the mental capacity for insults and torture was the real task. Many folded under the heat and pressure. Rob was known to always stay cool. Seeing him this way, Ellen knew she had to help.
Picking up the phone, she called Mr. Abney. Explaining their circumstances, she offered him a sizable down payment on a lease. He refused all offers. 
"I hate to cause you all inconvenience but I'm eighty two years old, I'm not going to be around much longer. I need to just sell that place. Maybe you can buy it. I will offer you a discount on the sale price. I will reduce it to two-fifty for you kids. But I have to sell it to someone soon." 
Ellen knew there would be no way to convince him to lease the building. Quiet with sadness, she thanked him for the discount and hung up.
Rob was listening to the call and needed no explanation. "We're going to have to tell the staff today," he said, looking fearful and forlorn at the same time. 
"Maybe we can find a new place quickly. We can look…" Ellen countered quickly. 
Rob cut her off. "A new apartment, plus a new business space, re-file the permits, lose income during downtime, remodel, restock, re-open… It would be a miracle to pull it off on our savings." 
As if sensing the trouble in the room, Faith cried from her crib. Ellen rushed to attend to her in an instant. 
Rob dressed in mental anguish. Normally, he was excited to get ready for work, now he was dreading even the notion of walking into the café. Facing the excited and dedicated staff with this terrible news worried him to his core. Desperate for another option, he sat at the table, sipping coffee and running over every possible angle. 
Ellen came back in the room with Faith nursing on her breast. Rob held out a card in his hand as he stood up. 
"I'm going to call that lender the real estate lady suggested." 
Dialing on his phone, he called the cell number. "Hi, this is Rob Anderson, I was referred to you… I need to see if I qualify for a purchase, I am renting the building now, it's been listed and I would like to buy it." 
Rob finished getting ready as he answered questions and gave the broker his information. Ellen sat in the recliner nursing Faith with high hopes. Rob hung up with the broker, leaning over to kiss Ellen; he shrugged as he stood to leave. "We'll see what he says. Who knows?" 
Leaving her with those words, he jogged down the stairs to the café. Miguel was cooking when Rob walked in. He breathed in the inciting aroma of Mamma's simmering pepper sauce as it surrounded him upon entering. Miguel's dedication and hard work only saddened Rob more. Maria waved smiling from across the room. Amanda, Stacy and Army were by the back door, sharing a smoke before work began. Rob called back through the pass window. 
"Miguel! You and everyone else come to the bar." 
He waved Maria over as the staff gathered near.
"The owner of this building listed it for sale. We will have to close when it sells. If I can find another place before then, maybe we can move and re-open. Otherwise, we're sacked." 
Miguel couldn't believe it. He hung his head as Maria rubbed his shoulders. 
Armando stomped his feet, lurching off his bar stool. "This is bullshit! We are doing so good! Now we have to close! This is crazy." 
Rob nodded. "I know Army. Ever since The Ship, we keep producing great sales, and still getting shafted. Most places close from crap food and poor sales. We have never had that problem, but the problem of having our kitchens sold out from under us keeps getting worse." 
Miguel looked up, his eyes nearly tearing. "Maybe we can buy dees place?" he asked with eyes full of hope to Rob. 
"I'm trying,” Rob replied. “I have a lender working on my info today. But, my work history since The Ship is shaky, my income is full of holes. Ellen has no income worth reporting, and you and Maria are not even, well, not technically legal if you know what I mean. So I can't use you on the loan at all." 
Miguel walked back to kitchen, Maria following. She patted Rob on the arm as she passed by without a word. The others went back to their chores in silence. The vibe in the café crashed from raring-to-go, to somber silence. Rob knew it would be hard to overcome the despair during the service.
Chapter 13
The lunch rush proved just as busy as ever. Filling the tables in less than an hour, the dining room was on a wait by noon. Stacy encouraged the customers that couldn't be seated to wait at the bar or place take-out orders. Miguel and Armando were caught up in such a hectic pace; they didn't have time to think about their impending doom if the building sold.
Rob didn't even have time to check his phone during the breakneck pace of the service. As the last orders left the window, he paused his duties. Opening a cold beer, he checked his phone. Seeing a missed call and new voicemail, he hurriedly played the message. 
"Rob, Steve Gray with First Federal Lending here. I ran the numbers and pulled your credit. I may be able to pull this off, but with your last years return, 250K puts you at too high of a debt to income ratio. In short, I need 125K down to make it happen. Maybe, make it happen. Call me with an update, thanks." 
Rob tossed the phone on the bar and took a drink from the cold bottle. Miguel sat at the bar, Armando rested on the back step smoking in sorrow. 
"He just called back," Rob said to Miguel. "He says I need 125 grand down. We only have forty six." 
Miguel looked up with a shrug, pulling a beer from the cooler. "We're going to lose the cantina huh?" he asked Rob as he took a drink. 
"Probably so amigo," Rob replied.
Miguel patted Rob on the shoulder. "You did good for us so far Rob. You treat me like family. I will stick with you, whatever you want to do. Army will too you know. Maybe we find another place. Maybe we move to a food truck," he said with hopefulness in his face. 
Rob scowled. "I told you before. I'm not opening a truck. I just can't do it." 
Miguel hung his head. Rob understood his frustration. 
"Look Miguel. I'm with you about re-opening, but trucks are for newbie amateurs with an improbable pipe dream or disgruntled chefs that can't handle a real kitchen. Fuck a truck. Always on the go looking for customers…its like being a Carnie. I'd rather cater. No kidding." 
Miguel shrugged as Rob continued. "I will help you with a truck, if that's what you want. But I'm not working in one. We have more money now than before we opened. Maybe we can find another good spot like this one. Don’t panic just yet." 
Miguel shrugged again. "I go with you amigo," he said before chugging the last of his drink.
Rob knew the staff relied on him. Miguel's blind dedication was a compliment, but his loyalty left him feeling no less worried. He felt he had to save the business, not just for Ellen and Faith, but also for the staff. The crew was family, just as Miguel said. Rob was overcome with emotion as he imagined them all job hunting, scraping to get by on low wages, raising children.
With a rush of desperation, he picked up his phone. He knew only one person who could manage a down payment of that amount… Harvey. 
"Hey Harvey. Rob here. Look, they just listed my building. The owner won’t lease. I called a lender. He says I need 125 down. Normally I would never ask, but this time… I'm against the wall here, not just me either, my staff is one the line, my whole family." 
Harvey sighed into the phone. "Damn Rob. A month ago I may have been able to muster that kind of money. I just signed a deal with my investors to go in on this Over The Rhine apartment thing. I couldn't even get ten grand together now, let alone a hundred. Don't get me wrong… I see what you're doing over there. I know your place is profitable and has serious potential. I wish I could help, I really do…" 
Rob thanked him. "I know Harv, I'm just so out of options, I have to try every avenue you know." 
Harvey agreed. "Of course! You have to fight every step to stay in the game. Man I wish I could help. I would even offer to hook you up with an investor, but that would be bad in the long run. They would insist on bullshit changes to increase profits, cut quality, sacrifice anything or anyone for an extra 1% if they can find a way. You're success is due to your quality. These people don't understand shit like that these days. It's all about the fucking dollar to them. They would slowly turn you into a Taco Bell. But I will ask around. Maybe some ball player will pitch in to get his name on the sign, they love that shit, egotistical bastards." 
Rob thanked him again as he hung up. 
Without a word, Rob walked back up to the apartment. Ellen was rocking Faith to sleep in the recliner. Rob whispered as not to wake her. "How are you feeling?" he asked, as he lightly touched Faith’s belly. 
"We're good. She's asleep. I'm going to put her down." 
Ellen placed Faith in her bare crib and half closed the door. Sitting on the sofa next to Rob, she avoided the mention of moving. 
"How did the service go?" she asked, as if everything was routine. 
"Great. As usual," Rob said with a solemn tone. 
"That's a good thing right?" she asked with enthusiasm. 
"It would be. But now it just makes things worse somehow." 
Ellen shook her head. "It puts more money in the bank. Maybe we can get the down payment in time, you never know. We are putting over a thousand a day in the bank now. Maybe…" 
Rob cut her off. "Maybe nothing. I like this building. Someone will buy it, reap the rewards of all our hard work and we will be jobless until I get some crap job and some crap apartment." 
Ellen could tell by his tone his depression was turning to hopelessness and anger. Moving closer, she laid her head on his shoulder. 
"It can all work out. You just have to have…" 
He spoke the word simultaneous with her… 
"Faith," they both said in unison. 
"Yeah I know," Rob said with a chuckle. 
"But days like this, the only Faith I have… Is sleeping in her room."
Chapter 14
The lull between lunch and dinner was shorter than usual. It wasn't even half past five when the first orders came streaming in. Miguel was late. Rob didn't call him. He simply washed his hands and set to the task of manning the line. Taking Miguel’s place, he began preparing the orders as they were passed through the window.
It had been too long since Rob had personally worked the stations in the new kitchen. Army's music from the old silver stereo faded away as Rob rolled enchiladas into tortilla cylinders. Stuffing them with rich roast beef and smoked peppers, he worked silently. His focus was narrowed down into a tight circle as he worked the stations, grilling, then sautéing, frying and finally plating.
Armando watched with an intense curiosity as he found himself nearly left out of the process altogether. Smiling, he watched Rob spring a fresh basket of chili relenos out of the fryer with one hand, while shaking a sizzling pan of peppers on the range with the other. Not even looking as the fryer basket bounced to a rest on the basket's rack. 
Testing the doneness of grilling chicken with his thumb, Rob prodded the searing hot breasts smoking on the grill with his left hand as he took three more tickets off the window with his right. 
Armando loved these moments, watching a master weave the food preparation with smooth efficiency. He had watched from the sidelines on The Ship for so many nights. Night after night, watching the servers struggling to keep up with the onslaught of orders, as Rob kept the line humming on without a hitch.
Soon, perfectly plated orders were stacked in the window. Rob pinched fresh chopped cilantro atop a taco, placing it in the window. Wiping his hands on his towel he looked at Army and smiled. 
"Eets going good amigo," he said teasingly to Armando. 
Armando nodded. "Si! Man you so smooth behind the line. I like having you back here. I get to learn you know. It almost looks like you are two people. You work two stations at once. Even Miguel doesn’t do that so easy." 
Rob patted him on the shoulder. "I miss being back here. But you guys are doing such a good job. You don't really need me anymore." 
Armando smiled big as he slapped fresh tortillas on the hot stone. "Yeah! I can cook now. Maybe, someday I be the chef!" 
Rob laughed along with him. "I'm sure you will Army. All you need is the desire, the talent and the training. You have all three right here for taking." 
Rob washed his hands in the sink, thinking how odd it was that he was sad. Sad to see the café do so well so fast against all odds, and then be ripped away. The cooks had come together as pros more than ever in their work history. 
Drying his hands on a warm towel, he watched Army press out the tortillas with enthusiasm. Tears began to well in his eyes as he pictured the impending disaster that would bring it all to a halt.
Miguel walked in the back door just before the dinner rush came on strong. Saying nothing, he washed his hands, threw a towel over his shoulder and took his place behind the line. Rob nodded with a "Hello Miguel!" but Miguel only feigned a half smile as he nodded back. Rob knew right off he was deep in a funk. 
"Sorry my Mexican friend. But there is no long faces allowed behind this line. I know life sucks sometimes. I live it too. I know this place is working because of your hard work and dedication. I know we deserve to keep it, work it and enjoy it. But… For the next four hours, all thoughts are on the plate. I want to see every dish worthy of a review. Every presentation perfect. The perfect char from the grill. The perfect cook on the tortillas. Nothing less than fucking stellar. We may be losing the café, but we will never lose our standards." 
Miguel stood up straight and agreed. "I know amigo. I just keep thinking about how…" 
Rob cut him off, calling out an order loudly interrupting. "Dos beef 'chiladas, tres tamales, tres relenos, and cuattro pollo tacos! Andelay!" 
Miguel stopped talking and jumped into action. "Tres relenos working!" he said as he dipped three fat stuffed chills into the bowl of fresh batter, gently placing each into the bubbling oil. Miguel gave Armando a nod. 
"Six minutes chef!" Miguel called out as he placed four fresh tortillas on the ancient cooking stone.
Rob felt disheartened as he watched the crew work their stations. His words had pushed them into high gear, but his thoughts were sympathetic to Miguel's despair. He too was second-guessing his pro work ethic and enthusiasm for the job. The inevitable pointlessness of it all kept creeping into his mind the entire time. In sadness, he watched the crew work through the orders with renewed confidence and authority.
The service came on strong by eight. The dining room was on a wait, overflowing to the bar where Jose ran back and forth filling drink orders. Maya had come in for the rush. Working beside Armando, she kept the cook's stocked, washed hot pans on the fly and re-filled sauces, ingredients and dishware so that the cooks could focus on cooking.
Rob was calling out an order when he noticed Miguel take a swig off a bottle of beer. After three big gulps, Miguel placed the bottle back in the cold station. Shooting a look, their eyes met for an instant. Rob slightly shook his head as Miguel went on with his grillwork. He decided not to say anything. Normally he would have taken the bottle and issued a serious thwarting face to face over the beer, but tonight…. 
"Tonight may well be our last night," he thought as he turned away without saying a word. 
Above him, Ellen rocked baby Faith in the big recliner. Even through the thick plaster walls of the building she could here the hustle and rattle of the service below her. She could tell by the mere mummer of it all it was a busy night. She tucked Faith deep into her bosom, smiling as their eyes met in a longing stare. 
The fading sunset was streaming deep red and orange streaks across a cloudless sky. A breeze blew the aroma of the food downstairs across the living room. At that instant, Ellen was silent in a moment of pure comfort. In that moment, there was nothing she longed for in life she didn't have. For a few brief seconds, she found herself lost of all thought except the moment. The loving warmth of Faith nuzzled against her breast. The amazing sunset view from the big windows. The aroma of Mamma's recipes wafting softly on the breeze. The tinkling sounds of the café echoing from the street as the soundtrack to scene. She was in a pure Buddhist peace as she sat silently rocking Faith in the big recliner. 
But just like Rob and Miguel, it wasn't long before the sudden realization that it would all be torn from her life any day brought her mind back to reality. Ellen leaned her head back against the chair, tears filling the corners of her eyes as she thought about the dreadful situation to come. Baby Faith stirred and kicked with both legs. As if sensing Ellen's emotions, she scowled and started to cry. 
Ellen pulled her close, rocking her with a whispered song, urging her back to sleep. Daring not to disturb the sleeping babies position; Ellen had no free hand to wipe the tears as the first fell down her cheek. Pressed into the cushioned recliner, she sat in deep despair, silently rocking, silently sobbing as the evening gave way to the dark night. 
Behind the busy line, Miguel began making mistakes. He plated chicken enchiladas thinking they were beef, the tortillas were beginning to brown uneven. Several tossed in the trash after being burnt. Armando even found himself correcting Miguel. 
"It’s not pollo tacos, it's beef!" 
Miguel grumpily ignored him but corrected his mistake nonetheless. Rob began to worry. He caught a glance of Miguel taking the last swig out of a beer then opening another. 
"Amigo, there is plenty of time for cervesa after. Let's keep it together for another hour, then, knock yourself out,” Rob said through the pass window.
Miguel shrugged. "Eets okay amigo. I'm fine you know." 
Rob's concern grew as Miguel drank half the bottle in one big swallow. Reaching for a clean plate, Miguel knocked three plates to the floor. With the sudden sounds of shattering glass, the crowd in the dining room turned in a silent hush, then began clapping. Rob smiled and bowed to the diners from behind the bar in true time honored tradition fashion. 
"Thank you... Thank you all," he said as he bowed repeatedly to their laughs.
Turning back to Miguel in the window, he waved him over. 
"Your cut amigo," Rob said with a smile. 
"Come on! I'm not drunk or anything," Miguel replied with a scowl. 
"No matter. Either way, you're cut. Go change and sit at the bar. That's where we drink beer around here, not on the line." 
Miguel shrugged. "Eet sounds good to me," he said as he tossed his towel and disappeared into the back room. 
"Army!” Rob called out. “You're the boss of the line for the rest of the night. Move Maya to your station and take Miguel’s place on the grill." 
Armando shot him a huge smile as he moved to the grill, calling out for Maya to come take his place.
Miguel sat at the bar. Jose poured him several shots of tequila into a pint glass, setting it beside a cold beer. Maria whispered angrily with him for several minutes. Rob noticed her eyes were nearly in tears as she sprinted away back to her tables. Rob knew the staff was holding up, standing strong, but nerves were fraying as the rope tightened around their necks. 
He felt an obligation to somehow fix it all, secure their building and their future along with it. Maria and Maya were pregnant. Entire families and their futures were on the line, yet Rob was powerless to do anything about it. All he could do was do his job.
The night ended with the last customers stopping at the bar on their way out. 
"I just have to tell you the food was amazing," the customer said with bright eyes.
Rob smiled with a nod. "Thanks. Glad to hear you enjoyed it.”
"Enjoyed it? It was the first real taste of Mexico I have had since I moved here,” the man said, standing beside his smiling wife. 
"We moved here from Arizona, Bisbee. It's on the border and the food there…" the woman explained.
The man cut her off. "It's unbelievable. Your food is the best we had since we left there. You folks do a great job. It's a true taste of home." 
Amanda thanked them as she followed them to the door, locking it as they walked away waving with a smile.
"That's eet!" Miguel said as he stood up off the stool. "Eets over! Shots all around!" 
Jose looked at Rob wondering what to do. 
"You heard him Jose, shots all around," Rob said smiling. 
The staff shared drinks as they went about their closing chores. Armando finished the dishes with Maya then stood at the bar, rolling a big blunt on the bar top.
Licking it to a finish, Army lit the blunt and passed it to Amanda. Everyone except Maria and Maya took their turns puffing the blunt as they gathered close. Rob took his hit, holding it in as he handed it over to Miguel. 
Miguel took two fast hits, then one last slow deep one. He was holding the blunt out to Army when he coughed hard, shaking as his chest heaved. The staff watched as Miguel coughed harder and harder, spitting up on his shirt and finally falling off the stool to the floor.
Maria dropped her broom and rushed over with worry. Miguel turned on his back, laughing hard now rather than coughing. Maria shoved him and said something in Vietnamese no one understood. Going back to her sweeping, Miguel writhed on the floor, struggling to get back on his feet.
The staff laughed at his drunken contortions. Jose tossed ice cubes at Miguel's exposed bare belly as wormed around the stool trying to rise. Rob noticed Amanda running her hands down Armando's pants as they stood face to face at the end of the bar. Clicking off the lights in the kitchen, Rob teased the staff. 
"Last Call! That's all folks! You don't have to go home but you can't stay here!" 
The staff filed out the door, Maria helped Miguel up on his feet. Rob patted her as she passed by with Miguel on her arm. 
"You two have a great night. I'm sure Miguel will be a handful." 
Maria rolled her eyes. "I have to hide the drinks when we get home before he sees them. He will be even drunker if he remembers they are there," she said as she propped him against the Amanda's car. 
"Good times, good times," Rob said as they loaded into the car. "We have to enjoy them while they last. It seems they don't last long." 
Waving goodbye, they pulled away from the curb.
Rising up the stairs, he walked into the apartment. It was dead silent as he undressed in the hall. Tossing this clothes and showering quickly, he dried off as he walked to the bedroom. Ellen's figure was motionless in the bed. Sliding under the covers, he spooned her from behind as she faced the window. 
"Elle' Are you awake?" he whispered. 
Ellen didn't reply except to pull his arm around her tighter. He lay with his head nestled in her hair, tucked into the back of her neck. He heard her sniffle and felt her move as she wiped the tears from her eye. He didn't say a word. He even didn't know what to say. He simply held her and closed his eyes, shutting out the quiet sadness that saturated the room.
Chapter 15
Rob awoke with a mix of depression, rage and desperate confidence. Ellen was bathing baby Faith as he passed by the bathroom door. 
"Are you hungry?" he asked as he rubbed his eyes. 
"No I have been up for hours, I already ate," she replied.
Rob nodded, smiling as he watched his baby girl coo in the warm water. 
"I'm grabbing a quick bite and going around the neighborhood to look for a new location. I have got to find a way to save the cafe, all of our futures depend on it." 
Ellen agreed. "I want to go too. But Faith needs fed then her nap. Call me if you find anything." 
Rob agreed and grabbed food from the fridge as he left out the door.
Passing by the café, Rob waved to Maria as she pulled the blinds open letting the morning sun fill the dining room. He drove the streets and alleys looking for "For Rent" signs. After over an hour, he had come up short on anything suitable and headed back to the café for the lunch service.
The day flew by with impressive sales and record numbers. By dinner service, the kitchen had been restocked and the dining room was soon bustling with smiling curious customers. 
"I heard this is best Mexican in town,” a woman said as she walked in with her husband. 
Smiling, Stacy agreed.  "Hi there. You are right. After all, we have the best Mexicans making it so you know it's gotta’ be the best Mexican," she replied teasingly as she seated the couple.
The night went off without incident. Miguel refrained from drinking on the line and his professionalism matched Rob's own as they cranked out dish after dish of steaming pride to the excited diners. The entire staff pulled together in a single effort to ensure the diners had the best meal and service they could offer.
More than week went by with no word of a buyer. The sales stayed strong and Rob's search for new location had turned up nothing within budget. He had even enlisted the help of the realtor but she was empty handed as well. 
"It's a sellers market," she kept saying. "Rentals are running high now, the city is flush with new start-ups and prime properties like yours are bringing top dollar." 
Her words were far from encouraging to Rob's ears. Fueling his fears, the agent's explanation of the market gave Rob fewer and fewer hopes of finding a new location. Inevitably, they would have to close.
Day after day, Rob wondered about Bourdain's pitch to his publisher. Ellen kept a close eye on the emails, but had not seen any reply from him since returning from the hospital. She continued encouraging Rob as the days clicked away. 
"I'm sure it takes time. Besides I have been going over the numbers and the café is doing really well. We deposited almost ten grand last week. We have almost sixty thousand now. If you find a new location, we might have enough to move…" 
The news was good but gave him no relief. Between the stalled book pitch and the impending sale of the building, Rob's rattling nerves were only silenced by strong drink and smooth smoke. He felt as if his mind was painfully bouncing back and forth between inspiration and desperation.
Ellen tried her best to ease his fears. Her confidence and encouragement didn't seem to have an effect on him. However, he knew she was the only rock he could stand on. Her words were the only support that was holding him together. All the while, she stood strong. Inside, her fears were beginning to strangle her optimism as well.
The next day, the staff was just finishing the lunch service when a van stopped on the curb. Rob watched, wondering if they needed to get ready for more customers when he saw her face. It was the real estate agent with two well-dressed businessmen.
The trio walked into the café smiling. "Hi Rob," the agent said. "I have a showing with these two gentlemen today. We won't disturb you, they just need to preview the building." 
Rob felt his heart drop. "Ellen and our baby are upstairs, I would prefer she not be disturbed," Rob said nervously. 
"Well… Okay, hopefully that won't be a problem. But I will need to show them the unit if they insist." 
Rob shrugged and walked back to the kitchen.
The men walked around the building, checking out all sides after looking through the restaurant space. Maria noticed Rob's concern by the look on his face as he watched them make their way around the property. 
"Who are these people?" she asked. 
"Buyers," Rob replied as wiped glasses behind the bar. 
Maria shot him a scowl. "They are buying? We have to move now?" she asked with serious concern. 
"Who knows? Maybe," he replied with no emotion.
The agent came to the bar as the men took to the stairs. "Rob I really have to show the upstairs unit now. Do you want to go up and explain to Ellen?" 
Rob nodded. "Sure. I will go make sure she's ready for unexpected company." 
Making his way upstairs, he found Ellen in Faith's room changing her diaper.
"Fucking agent is here,” he said in a whisper. “She says she has to show our apartment. Two suit and tie guys are checking out the place." 
Ellen pinned the diaper and picked up Faith above her head, bouncing her to a smile. 
"I guess they will have to come in then," she said, placing Faith in the bare crib.
Rob opened the door to the agent and her clients. 
"This is the rental unit. It's two bedrooms, one bath and features marvelous inlayed hardwood floors and original tin ceilings…." Christy explained.
Walking them through the rooms, she pointed out the amazingly intact original features of the apartment. Ellen noticed the agent pointing out all the reasons she had fallen in love with when she first saw the space. 
Hearing the detailed information caused Ellen’s pulse to quicken as the agent described the slue of original turn of century appointments and the fact that the unit had never been remodeled or stripped of it's old world charm. 
"Even the kitchen is all original and fully functional as you can see. These vintage appliances are in great condition and very desirable today with savvy decorators…" 
Rob watched out of the corner of his eye as the men looked over the kitchen with a nodding approval to one another.
Ellen cringed as the agent pointed out the gleaming hardwood floors. She had worked for days cleaning and polishing the once filthy dull floors into a warm glow. Feeling flushed with anger and sadness, she dashed out of the room to the hallway, closing the door behind her in Faith's room. Rob looked at one of the men, their eyes met and Rob could see the man's avoidance of direct contact as he quickly turned away.
The agent took the men back down to the café. Walking down the stairs, Rob followed. The group passed behind the bar, walking through the kitchen. 
"The restaurant space has been completely updated and remodeled. The appliances do not stay but can easily be replaced," the agent said as she showed the men the kitchen. 
One of the men opened the back door. Armando and Amanda stood on the step, sharing a joint as the door opened into their faces. The clients and the agent came to door just in time to stand face to face with Army as he sucked a deep hit off the pot. They stared in silence as he handed it off to Amanda. 
"Oh. Hum…” Christy said uncomfortably. “This makes a great service entrance for the staff. And there is a nice sized lawn here for patio furniture or entertaining…" The agent explained to the men as they passed by Army, pretending to ignore the smoking joint in Amanda's hand. 
Amanda and Armando looked at one other with wide eyes, and then to Rob. He slyly smiled, causing them to laugh. Soon, he found himself laughing out loud as the frowning clients and the nervous agent looked back in uncomfortable silence.
The agent stomped past the laughing trio in a huff, her clients in tow. Following her out to the dining room, Rob heard her explaining the features of the café. Stopping short and letting the men walk on, she turned around to Rob quickly. 
"Employees using drugs at work? Really Mr. Anderson? I find that far from professional and I suggest that in the future…" 
Rob cut her off with a wave of his hand. "In the future, I expect to get a call 24 hours in advance before you show this building again. I will call your office and persuade them to see my point if I have to," he said to her with dead calm. 
She agreed with a nod. "No problem Rob. Let's just agree to keep the drug use private from here on out." 
Rob smiled back at her with a shrug. "I'm not these people's dictator. I'm just their Chef. This is still America you know. People are still free to live their life without bothering anyone. As far as I can see, you are the only one bothered by it, so I see no point in putting in my two cents in with them. They were in the back keeping to themselves. Who knows, on your next visit you may catch them mid-blow job. I wouldn't be surprised. They do it all the time. This is the restaurant business you know..." 
She shot him a pleading look as he paused to gauge her reaction. 
"I'll do what I can. Just remember to call ahead… right?" he asked. 
She nodded her head with a look of some understanding. "You guys work in a strange business," she said as she tucked away her papers. "Pot and blow jobs at work… What else I can't even imagine, or want to know." 
Rob laughed as he walked her to the door. "What else indeed?" he asked, holding the door open. "It's different than the usual 9-5, I agree. But we love it, we live it, we work longer hours than most. We get burned and bruised, cussed out and argued with. We work hard while you people relax. We drink and relax while you people sleep. We work every beautiful weekend while you people play. It's a merciless bitch of a job. It's our life come blessing or curse. We choose it knowingly. All I can tell you is that it will never change. Not for you. Not for anyone." 
The agent nodded silently. "I will be sure to call ahead next time. If there is a next time." 
She shot a smile as she took her keys from her purse, chirping the lock on her car. 
"I have a feeling these folks will putting in an offer very soon," the agent said as she waved goodbye with a smile.
Rob watched in silence as she sped up beside the men on the sidewalk. Armando came from the back to the bar. 
"Whoa! Amigo! That sucked! Who are those guys?" 
Amanda looked worried then laughed. Rob laughed along with her. 
"They were checking out the building, to decide if they want to buy it," Rob replied as he took the smoking joint from Army's hand. 
"Fuck me!" Armando said with his jaw dropped open. 
"Yeah," Rob said, hitting the joint with a long drawl. "Fuck us both." 
Armando looked at Amanda and slung his head low, slumping onto a stool. She stepped to him, rubbing his shoulders and pecking him with a kiss.
Rob went back upstairs to Ellen after the agent left. 
"Can you believe that!" he said walking in. "Look at the new paint and shiny floors these poor fuckers slaved over just for your benefit!" he yelled as he fished a beer out from the fridge. 
Ellen shook her head as she sat at the table. "I can't take it. This worrying about staying or leaving, closing and moving, it's maddening." 
Rob tossed the beer top into the trash and sat beside her. "It's worse than maddening, it's a fucking disaster." 
Pulling the laptop towards him he opened the email. 
"Nothing yet," Ellen said as he waited for the screen to load. 
"I'm emailing him then," Rob said as typed the keys. 
Ellen shot him a look. "But you said you didn't want to push." 
He waved her off, rolling his eyes. "Fuck it. If this book is worth anything I need to know now. I don't care about anything more than saving this business, and our home." 
Typing the keys, he pressed ‘Send’. Ellen felt excited and worried at the same time. Pushing the issue after breaking so many appointments in a row wasn't making the best impression. But even she agreed. If ever they needed an answer, they needed it now.
Chapter 16
Ellen folded laundry on the sofa as Rob searched online for rentals. The phone rang on the kitchen counter. Rob hesitated to get up, looking at Ellen to see if she was going to answer. On the fourth ring, Rob rose up and reached the phone to his ear. 
"Hello," he answered, still reading the rental listings on the screen. 
"Rob. Anthony here." 
Rob nearly dropped the phone. 
Ellen could tell by his sudden change it was something important. Holding a towel in mid-fold, she stood motionless as they stared at one another from across the room. She listened with anticipation as Rob's nerves rattled. 
"Put it on speaker," she whispered with wide eyes. 
Rob thumbed the button and spoke into the phone. 
"Anthony! I’m surprised to get a call… I mean I expected and email but… Not that I mind a call… I mean… I'm glad you called. I'm a stuttering mess. Forgive me. What news do you have?" 
Ellen heard Bourdain laugh on the other end. 
"Relax, I have good news. Well, pretty good news I guess. Here's the deal. I met with Nancy after I got her to read the book. It took me a week to get a fucking answer. She's a fucking nightmare to work with sometimes. Short and sweet, she likes it and still wants to meet you. I give it good odds she will pay up before it's all said and done, but you'll have to agree to her terms." 
Rob smiled toward Ellen. "The terms? What are the terms?" he asked.
Ellen dropped the towel and sat beside Rob as Anthony went on. 
"All rights and royalties property of the publisher, all future adaptations for any other project etc etc etc. Basically they own it, you don't." 
Rob listened in silence. 
"That's the deal with these guys. It always sounds better than it is, Think of it as a deal with the Devil. A Highway to Hell," Anthony said with a laugh.
Rob was elated at the prospect. "Hey, if they will pay me I'm in. I didn't even think I would get an offer from a publisher at all. I was just going to put it Amazon." 
Bourdain laughed. "That works too. Look at that poorly disguised menopause porn - Fifty Shades. That was an ebook. But, if you want to be published by the major league houses, get ready to prick your finger and sign in blood. They don't just buy your book, they buy your fucking soul." 
Rob paused not knowing what to say. "Well it worked for you. Man if I had a tenth of the work you have…" 
Bourdain laughed. "Yeah, I hear that all the time. But I counter with ‘If I had a tenth of the free time you have.’ So it's not the life of luxury people think. Either way, I can't complain. This book could be a good start for you, if you handle the deal right. I can help with that and earn my commission with my years of countless regrettable mistakes." 
Rob agreed. "You're my guide on this. Whatever you think is best." 
Bourdain laughed again. "Well, I'm no agent, but I know she doesn't want this hitting ebook sites and then standing in line to negotiate against other publishers if it takes off. The thing is, you don't have the ending yet. That's kind of a concern you know." 
Rob felt elated. "I do have it!" he said "I have just the last few pages to edit, but it's all finished and it's something I'm proud of. I'm glad I re-wrote it so many times." 
Bourdain changed his tone. "Really? Shit man. Send it over. I will give her my pitch after she reads the ending." 
Rob agreed then hesitated. "It's not edited though. It's still rough…" 
Bourdain cut him. "I don't care if it's on stained cocktail napkins, if it's readable, send it over. I can get her to read it now, but I can't hold off for hours." 
Rob agreed and hurriedly hung up. 
"Shit!” he yelled. “I have to finish the last few pages and send the ending over right now." 
Opening the laptop, he starting clicking the keys as fast as possible. Ellen nervously paced from Faith's room to the table as he typed.
As Rob typed, Ellen turned to the door. "I'm going to run to the corner store. Faith is clean and fed, she will sleep until I get back." 
Rob nodded silently as he continued. Tapping hard, he punched the last period in the book. "Done!" I will just copy this and send it send to Tony now," he said as he created the email. 
Ellen’s hand was on the knob when she stopped. Turning to Rob, she ran over to his side and kissed him hard. "This may be the reward for all our Faith!" she said as she turned back to the door. 
"I hope so. Wouldn’t that be a miracle?" Rob replied. 
Ellen laughed as she closed the door behind her. Rob sent the email with the ending. Taking the phone, he sank onto the big sofa. A stirring excitement flooded his veins, rushing his mind and emotions with buzzing vibrations of nervous happiness mixed with restless anxiousness.
By the time Ellen came home, she found Rob waiting for Bourdain's reply. He was reaching into the fridge when the phone rang. 
"Hello," he answered nervously. 
"Rob. Tony here. You sent her to the moon with that ending man! The book was intriguing as it was, now that the ending is in place, its awesome. What an ending. The best part is, your book is the real deal. It's a crazy ride from beginning to end, but its real life and that shit sells. I loved it. She loved it too. Catch is, she wants to meet tomorrow. Can you make it this time?" Tony asked with a laugh. 
"I can and I will," Rob replied. “Ellen is out of danger now. Tell her we're good to go and I will be there in the morning." 
Tony agreed. "I will see you here at nine tomorrow. I will send the address and a hotel suggestion. It's within walking distance from her office, and right by my favorite bar. After the meeting, we will celebrate your first book and my first endeavor as an agent over lunch." 
Rob agreed with enthusiasm as he said goodbye. Hanging up, he tossed the phone on the sofa. 
"I'm going to NY tonight!" he said hugging Ellen. 
She hugged him hard, rocking in a lasting embrace. He leaned back to kiss her and saw her tears. 
"Maybe we caught a break for once," he said.
She shook her head as she wiped her eyes. "I know. I was so sad, now I'm so happy. I can't seem to do anything but cry." 
He laughed as tears welled in his own eyes. Hugging her again, he tucked his head into her hair. The feeling always comforted him. 
Ellen pulled away, rubbing her eyes. "You bags are still packed. You never needed the clothes so I left them packed…" she said as walked to the bedroom. 
Rob powered the computer up, buying a ticket online with haste. Punching the confirmation number into his phone, he closed the lid. Ellen brought the bags to the living room. 
"I leave in two hours, arriving at midnight at JFK," he said as he hugged her.
Ellen looked over his things, making sure he had everything he needed.
"I guess that's it. I will drive you to the airport and." 
Rob cut her off. "I will take a cab. I don't want you and Faith packing into the van. You stay here with her." 
Rob called for the cab as he finished his explanation. Ellen hugged him then shot him a sly look as he hung up the phone. 
"There is one thing I almost forgot," she said as she slipped her hand down his pants. 
"Oh yeah! How could we forget that?" he teased as he pulled her to the sofa. 
Kissing her while running his hand up her thigh, Ellen melted into his arms in a hot embrace. She eased his pants off as he pulled her cotton dress up above her waist. Finding her womanhood free of panties, he slid into her with a slow building rhythm. 
With one hand around his back, the other grasping the back of his head, Ellen whispered in Rob's ear as he pushed into her. Her thighs were shaking as Rob's pace built up to a crescendo. In mere moments, his hard thrusts stopped still, as he released himself into her.
Falling on her chest, he lay still breathing hard. 
"No time for rest," she said, patting his back with both hands. "The cab will be here any minute." 
Rob strained to rise off her. Fixing his clothes, he stumbled to the bathroom. Ellen saw the yellow car stop at the curb. With a honk the cabbie announced his arrival. 
"He's here Rob!" Ellen called out from the living room. 
Jogging to the room, Rob grabbed his bags as Ellen stood at the open door. Stopping beside her, he kissed her with peaceful love in his eyes. 
"I miss you already," he said, standing in front of her as he fingered her tangled hair. 
"You're going to get me crying. Now go, you have a plane to catch," she whispered.
Rob turned from her with a smile. 
"Call me when you get to the hotel," she said as he took to the stairs. 
Ellen went to the big windows, watching as Rob slid into the cab. She saw his face in the car window. He waved as the cab turned into traffic. She waved back, their eyes locked until the car pulled away.
Instant loneliness smothered Ellen the minute the cab's taillights grew small, disappearing in the traffic. Once back inside, she picked up Faith from her crib. Faith’s eyes were bright and smiling, she looked up at her loving mother. Pressed against her breast, the baby snuggled into Ellen's arms, filling her with the comfort she desperately needed.
Chapter 17
Fueled by the tingling anxiety of the trip, the rush in Rob's veins felt like a burst of powerful drugs as his plane rushed along the runway. The plane shook and bounced violently as the engines screamed down the tarmac. Once at top speed, the rattling aircraft suddenly fell silent as the wheels left the ground. Feeling gravity pulling down through him as they rose up higher and higher, Rob was filled with nervous tension as he headed east towards New York.
Squirming in his cramped coach seat, Rob knew it would be a mere few hours until the tires smoked on the JFK runway. He had made this trip before, but never with the excitement and nervous anticipation as with this time. 
Anthony's words had all but said there was money on the table for Rob’s book. That alone was unexpectedly fortunate. The fact that it was a big name publisher, with a big name celebrity acting as agent, thrilled his imagination even further. He imagined sitting in a high-class luxury leather office suite, a hundred stories above the sidewalk. Sipping a cool $10 bottle of artisan spring water while negotiating a six-figure deal with casual confidence. 
Laughing at his thoughts, he realized how ridiculous the notion really was. With a sigh, he laid his back on the seat. "Fucking silly… If I get offered ten grand I'd sign just about anything, and thank the gods everyday from that day on," Rob thought as he leaned against the window, desperate to extend his cramped legs. Closing his eyes, his mind twisted his hopes into frivolous folly, impossible in all likelihood of reality. 
The obese woman seated next to him was still trembling in fear. Rob avoided eye contact. He noticed her stirring in her seat, worming into a nervous sweat as she mumbled under her breath. For the first time in a long time, at that moment Rob wished he were stoned. Perhaps then he could sleep the nightmare beside him away. His twitching nerves and anxious vibrations kept his mind wide-awake and singing as thousand-mile-an-hour thoughts raced through his mind.
Hours later, the tires screeched down on the JFK runway. Rob's eyes shot open. Somehow, somewhere over Eastern Ohio he had fallen asleep. Now awake, the city was in view. The sight of the New York skyline at daybreak was impressive. Deep in his thoughts, he already missed Ellen. 
As the stewardess droned out the departing procedure, his mind painted pictures of Ellen cradling baby Faith. He longed just to hold her tight, so he could feel her, revealing her innermost woman with a touch. 
Walking off the plane, through the terminal and into the street, the rising sun warmed his skin. Even in the face of so much difficulty, he felt, somehow, someway, this was indeed the beginning of a brand new day.
Quickly calling Ellen, he explained the uncomfortable flight and annoying neighbor on the plane as he walked down the busy street. 
"I'm headed to the hotel now. I will call you after the meeting… Love you too," he said as he hung up, taking the Air Train to the city.
It cost only eight bucks, but nearly an hour to get downtown from the airport. Rob bumped along on a quick subway ride to the Fulton St drop off. The dirty but swift subway jostled and rocked as it sped him to his stop. 
Making his way out of the subway, the sun met his eyes in full bloom, causing him to squint at the bright light as he rose up out of the tunnel. Loud sounds of city surrounded him instantly. It was a tedious four-block walk to The Marriott Residence Inn. But the hotel was just a half block away from the St Harper Collins Broadway offices.  
Even after the lengthy walk, Rob was making great time. Tony had suggested the room for him due to its nearby location, likely choosing better accommodations than Rob would have chosen for himself. The convenient location allowed for plenty of time to check in, shower and change in time for his meeting. 
After a brief check in, Rob walked into the room. Shades of soft grey and muted colors covered the walls, bed, curtains and ceiling. The compact but cozy room smelled clean as he sat on one of the chairs beside the window, kicking his shoes off. 
Thumbing the remote, he clicked the TV on the wall to life. A morning news show host rattled on some boring gibberish. Rob reached to change the channel. Finding nothing of merit, he scrolled through the music channel listings. Choosing "70's Rock”, he heard the comforting sounds of Van Morrison come across the speakers "These dreams of you. So real and so true…" the song played. 
Feeling the same, he understood. It gave him a peaceful feeling. Turning up the volume, he tossed the remote on the desk. Singing quietly to himself along with the song, he laid out his new clothes as he undressed for a shower. 
Clean, refreshed and looking his best, Rob took his phone, switched off the TV and left the hotel. His meeting wasn't for another hour, but he didn't want to be late. 
Walking casually, he was brushed and shoved on both sides by people hurrying on their way up Broadway. With plenty of time to spare, he scanned the storefronts for a café offering a quick bite. Despite his curious enthusiasm, he found only McDonalds, Dunkin' Doughnuts and other crap corporate chain joints. 
Deciding to skip on the fast food, he walked past Zuccotti Park, to glimpse the World Trade Center Memorial. The sheer size of it was amazing. It was hard to believe New York’s most recognizable skyline buildings once stood there.
Moving on down Church Street, he found nothing more than a Burger King open. 
"This area sucks to find a decent meal,” he thought. “I'd hate to work around here. You'd think I was still in Cincinnati with nothing to choose from except this chain shit. I hope Anthony has a good idea for lunch. So far this Broadway block is a big fat dud as far as food is concerned. Hard to believe… What’s this city coming to?" he said to himself in aggravation.
Stepping out from in between two buildings, a woman walking with a big beautiful bagel in hand caught his attention. 
"Hey there!" he called out to her as she passed by. "Where did you get that?" he asked pointing to the bagel. 
"Essex World Café," she replied, pointing behind her. "Behind the Burger King," she replied in haste as she continued her stride. 
Stopping in the eatery, Rob scanned the brightly lit glass cases loaded with baked treats. A wonderful looking blueberry bagel stole his attention. For two bucks, including a decent coffee, he had the still warm bagel in hand. Hungrily biting into the New York treat, he walked on towards the publisher's building.
As Rob was walking to the Harper Collins offices, Ellen was changing a diaper. She heard the phone rang from the living room. Her hands full, she couldn't leave Faith to answer the call. As she tucked the clean baby back into the crib, she heard the phone beep for a voicemail. Picking it up she played the message. 
"Hello, This is Christy from Huff Realty. I have a second showing on the building tomorrow at noon. I called as soon as the client made the appointment, as per Rob’s request. Please make arrangements for the showing at noon. If you have any issues feel free to call me back." 
Ellen called the agent after she heard the message. "Hi, Christy. This is Ellen Addison. I just had a question… Is this the same client that you showed the property to already?" 
The agent explained it was, and that they were very interested. 
"I am not 100% certain yet, but I am fairly confident they will submit an offer very shortly," the agent said cheerfully. 
Ellen felt a sinking feeling deep inside her. "Okay thanks. I just want to keep up on the situation." 
The agent knew Ellen was concerned and tried to consul her. "I haven't found a property for your café yet. But I am looking diligently. However, I do have several listings for a few very nice apartment rentals. One is very near you and newly remodeled. Would you like to set a showing?" 
Ellen knew it was inevitable, they would have to move, like it or not. 
"I must admit I am dreading the whole process but I suppose there is no escaping it," Ellen replied.
The agent assured her she could help with the entire transition. 
"I have an office memo circulating for all agents to report any commercial listings that come up for your restaurant location to me. I'm confident we can find a property soon. Just hang in there, don't worry yourself to death over it all." 
Ellen thanked her but found no solace in her words. "Easy for you to say," she thought as she hung up the phone. "You don't have to move your home, your work, your whole life with next to no notice." 
Ellen tried not to worry. Faith cooed herself back to sleep in her crib. Watching her helped to calm Ellen’s fears. She hoped things would work out for the best, but even her faith was running thin. Her first instinct was to call Rob with the bad news. Not wanting to stress him minutes before his meeting, she decided to wait and hear about the meeting first.
Chapter 18
Stepping into the Broadway building, Rob took the elevator up to the Harper Collins office. The elevator was empty. His nerves began to flutter as it stopped at his floor. A smiling receptionist greeted him as he stepped to her desk. 
"Hello, welcome to Harper Collins. Do you have an appointment?" 
"Yes, I’m Rob Anderson. I have a meeting with Ms. Collins. Nancy Collins." 
The girl scanned her computer then rose up from the desk. "Right this way sir," she said, motioning him along. 
They walked between the vast expanses of desks. Typist and bloggers clicked their keys around him without looking up as he passed. The sounds of low voices and the whir of the cool conditioned air filled his ears.
"Would you care for a coffee or cappuccino?" the receptionist asked as she opened the private office door. 
"No, but thanks," he replied. 
She smiled as she peeked in the door. "Nancy… I have Mr. Anderson here." 
Opening the door, she waved for Rob to enter, closing it behind him.
The woman behind the desk motioned him to the leather chair. "Hi Rob. I'm Nancy. Please have a seat. I'm sure you know Tony…" she said as Anthony Bourdain turned from his stare out of the window. 
Rob smiled uncontrollably. "It’s great to meet you,” he said, shaking Tony's hand. 
"It’s good to meet you too Rob. This is your first book and my first agent gig. I had to be here to make sure this little lady doesn't sucker you into a crappy deal you know. Don't let her demure looks fool ya' she's a shark at heart." 
The three laughed as Tony took a seat in the chair next to Rob.
Nancy shuffled through some papers, then pulled out a thick manuscript of Rob's book. 
"I've read it… And I love the ending you sent yesterday." 
Rob thanked her as she continued. 
"So this is your first work?" she asked.
He nodded. 
"For a break-out author, it shows serious promise. Not that there isn't more editing and tweaking we would need to do before publishing but… this story is fascinating. I think you have something of real merit here." 
Seated next to him, Tony whispered to Rob from his laid-back pose. "Something of merit… That's smooth talk for something worth some money." 
Nancy laughed. "Well, yes, it is worth investing in or we wouldn't be here. Honestly if Tony had not insisted I read this, it would have likely never made it to my desk. But your agent is persistent if not persuasive. He has a keen eye for a good story too. Anyway, now that I have read it, I want to get rolling on making it a reality." 
Tony elbowed Rob with a sly smile. "That's more smooth talk for she wants to buy it." 
Rob nodded. "I'm happy to be here. I'm excited about the prospect of seeing it come to print." 
Nancy thumbed the pages, reading notes. "Print… well that will only come if the project shows enough interest online. We will format it into an ebook, publish it online and see if the numbers merit a first printing. It's just too unknown, too many risks jumping straight to print. I can't merit that step right now, but I want to get it online and see what reaction the public has." 
Rob shrugged. "Whatever you think is best. I'm just happy to have such interest in it." 
Tony waved Rob quiet. "What he means to say Nancy is that he is happy to work with you my good lady. Assuming the price is right of course. We're not giving it away you know. This isn't some romantic trash here," he said with jest. 
"You're doing a fine job so far as an agent Anthony," Nancy said with a smirk. "Just don't bury yourself in the role," she joked with a laugh. 
Rob could see by Tony's teasing remarks there was a comfortable connection between him and the publisher that put him at ease. Bourdain held his open hands out from his sides.
"So this is the part where you make an offer right?" 
Nancy nodded. "I have a contract here I think is fair." 
Tony leaned forward from his chair. "Well pass it over already. I want to get out of here before the lunch rush hits, I'm starving." 
Nancy smiled as she handed him the paper. Tony read it over, skipping words as he read it aloud. 
"Harper Collins and Ecco Publishing… Sole right and ownership… this work and any further adaptation or portion thereof virtual or in print film… Any other media form… yadda yadda yadda… Promotion in media, book tour… Yes obviously…" 
Rob listened in frozen silence as Tony murmured over the document. 
"Hmmm… Let's see… Ahh, here we go… A one-time payment of three hundred fifty thousand… First rights to second work to follow… Blah blah blah…" 
Tony looked up at Nancy with a scowl as her finished reading. "There's no commission on here. No back end. We have to have a back end Nancy. The back end is where it’s at. What if this thing sells like wild fire?" 
Nancy looked at him over her glasses. "Well, we don't usually offer royalties on such a risky project… I think the offer is very fair considering…" 
Tony sat back in the chair after pushing the offer back to her. "We can get this published online anywhere, you know that. I brought it to you because it's good. It's good for you, good for Rob, and good for me. Your cash offer is fine, but C'mon Nancy, we need some kind of percentage here. I would be a dope headed agent if I didn’t insist on a few points." 
Rob watched in silence as she pondered Tony's request. 
"How much were you thinking Mr. Agent?" she asked sarcastically, chewing her pen. 
Tony shrugged. "I get thirty percent on my books." 
She stopped chewing, leaning back in her seat. "You know as well as I do that's a high rate even for an accomplished author. This is a total unknown here, a real long shot. I'm not getting reamed for signing to a high percent deal. Forget it." 
Tony waved his hands up high. "So, what can you do?" 
Nancy leaned back in her seat again, resuming her nibbling on the pen in contemplation. 
"It's a great story. I can see a TV series in it. Amazon, Hulu and Netflix are pursuing new writers with a vengeance. You could pitch this to them as a series. How much would that net you if they pick it up?" Tony asked as she sat in silent consideration. 
"I'll go two percent,” Nancy replied.
Rob felt a huge smile come on his face. 
"Two percent?” Bourdain retorted with a scowl. “Where is your yamaka woman? Did you convert since we last met? I think ten sounds more in line," Tony countered. "Yep, ten is where we need to be," he said, crossing his legs. 
"Fine Tony… five percent. That’s my highest and best offer." Nancy said as she wrote a note on the document. 
Bourdain nodded with a smile as he leaned back in the chair. “It’s a low offer, but I can settle for that. That wasn’t so hard was it?”
Smiling coyly, Nancy bobbed her head in agreement. “I will have Jill print a new contract with the commission added." 
Nancy pushed the call button and the secretary stepped in the door. "Jill will you make these changes and print me three copies?" The girl took the papers and closed the door.
Tony clapped his hands one time hard. "That's it! Short and sweet." 
Tony turned and shook Rob's hand. "Welcome to your new career as an author. You're not getting a ‘50 Shades’ check that can set you up for life, but you have a hell of a good start for your first work." 
As Tony rose and took a stance in front of the office window, Rob thought about what had just happened. He couldn't believe it. He was in a quiet ecstatic bliss as the realization sunk in. "I'm just really glad someone liked it so much," he blurted out.
Nancy leaned to the desk. "Well, that's yet to come. If the public reacts well, we will move forward. Strong interest will merit a second work. The contract states the compensation is for this work, and the first right to any future works. If the first book does well and goes to print, there is also an obligation to a book tour, media promotions etc. Let's just see what happens over the coming months," she said as she tapped her papers on edge atop the desk. 
Tony turned from the window as Jill came back in with the new contract. "You want him to prick his finger and sign in blood?" he asked teasingly as Nancy read over the new document. 
"I think a blue pen will do fine," she replied with a smirk. 
Rob took the pen and signed the pages. 
Tony continued his jest as Rob signed. "It all sounds great now… Wait till you’re stuck in Oklahoma, mid-August on a horrifically tiring book tour with a hundred Okie housewives asking a million questions about baking a Thanksgiving turkey. You'll quickly realize you sold your soul for less than a dollar an hour. But that's the nature of the Beast. You have to place the bet to see the pay out."
Rob listened as he finished signing on the lines. 
"I need a copy of your ID and I have a few tax forms for you to fill out. Would you prefer a check or direct deposit?" Nancy asked.
Rob had not considered payment. "A check I suppose. Well, two really, one for me and one for Tony." 
Nancy raised her eyebrows. "And how much is your agent charging you?" 
Tony laughed at her question. "That would be ten percent, $35,000 smackers to be exact," he said, wringing his hands together with exaggeration. 
Nancy handed Rob the forms and took his ID. 
"Jill. Please make a copy of these forms, Mr. Anderson's ID and tell accounting I will need two checks for these amounts payable to these names," Nancy stated, handing Jill the papers. 
"Just direct deposit mine," Anthony said as Nancy handed over the papers. 
"Make that one check, and a direct deposit on the other," she said scribbling a note. 
"I don't know about you two, but I'm ready for lunch," Tony said. 
Nancy shrugged. "I'm stuck here til’ late. I have too much work to take time out of the office today.”
Tony looked at Rob. "Hungry? I was thinking I would just head back to Les Halles, we can walk from here." 
Rob agreed, still smiling from ear to ear. "I would love that!" he replied with excitement. 
"Great. As soon as we get this all finalized we will get the hell out here and get into a comfortable booth and a more comfortable vodka," Bourdain replied as he paced by the window. "Nancy, since you've been such a dear, I will send you over anything you want from Les Halles." 
Nancy perked up at his offer. "Anything?" she asked, watching his reaction. 
"Anything. You name it," he replied with a smile.
She didn't hesitate. "I will have that wonderful duck, and those precious deviled eggs." 
Tony nodded. "Two excellent choices. I will have them send it right over." 
Nancy nodded as she thanked him. "Thank You Anthony. I appreciate that. Now, I am looking forward to lunch as much as you are."
Nancy slipped copies of the contract into a folder and walked the two out to the front desk. Jill came off the elevator, the check in hand. She handed it to Nancy. 
"Here you go young man,” Nancy said holding it out to Rob. “I hope it we will see that second work get started soon. I will be in contact as we move along." 
Tony took the check from her hand, holding it up to the light. Studying it closely from front to back. 
"Looks pretty legit," he said as he handed it Rob. 
Nancy laughed, shaking her head at his comedic remark. 
"Hey, I'm just doing my job as an agent. Can't have my client trying to cash bogus checks you know. I have to make sure it is signed and all. That’s my job here you know," Tony said to her with a laugh. 
Gathering her papers, she pushed him towards the elevator laughing. "Now go on and get out of here Tony. Go treat your client to lunch. Then get packing, you have a plane to catch tonight I believe. I want that article from London no later than Friday," she said with a serious look. 
He suddenly looked forlorn. "Thanks for reminding me. Cold rainy fucking London again… I'm dreading it already. I will be lucky if I come home without a cold."
Chapter 19
Rob walked in stride with Tony as they crossed the block on their way to his restaurant, Les Halle. 
"I have only been to the Park location, I didn't realize this one was so close," Rob said as they walked up to the restaurant. 
"I told you one of my favorite places was right nearby," Bourdain said with a laugh as he opened the door. 
The staff all smiled as they stepped inside. Rob walked in beside Anthony, making their way the back of the dining room. 
"I like to sit back here out of the way," he said to Rob as they took their seats in a far rear corner booth. 
Immediately a server rushed over. "Hey there Tony! The usual?" she asked with a smile. 
"Yes, and my guest here will have…" he replied.
Rob looked up suddenly. "I will have a… Something draft, something craft," he replied, feeling the pressure to order quickly. 
"Bring him a Saison DuPont. And I am eating… I will have a steak and frites today," Tony said to the server. 
Rob read over the menu. "That duck Nancy mentioned… I will have that." 
Tony nodded. "And an order of Oeufs for the table as well. Jenny, double that last order. Send a duck and an order of oeufs over to Nancy Collins at her office. Jeremy has the address," he said to the server before she headed off to the bar.
Settling in their seats with their drinks, Rob's excitement was vibrating through him like electricity. 
"So how does it feel to get paid for writing?" Tony asked as he sipped his vodka. 
"Like a dream come true. I still can't believe it. I mean all this money, and more to come for a second book. I couldn't have imagined this would ever be a reality. It's all thanks to you." 
Tony shrugged. "I had the connection, but you had the words. It's the words that count." 
Rob took a drink from his beer and savored the fine flavor. "I still can't believe it. Over three hundred grand! That's a miracle." 
Tony smiled slyly. "That's not as much as it seems. Don't get me wrong. It's a great start. The royalties are the real deal. If your book sells, you will rake in cash off it for years." 
Rob realized he would never considered insisting on a percentage. "I have you to thank for that too," he said as the server placed the black truffle deviled eggs on the table. 
"I can't say I was in it for an such an easy check myself. I feel almost guilty about collecting a percentage off your work, but in the end you wouldn't have done better alone." 
Rob shook his head as he took a bite out one of the beautiful eggs. "You're worth every penny. I can't thank you enough. I really appreciate the help." 
Tony shrugged. "Hey, you created a good work. I knew it would sell as soon as I read it. I'm glad to have a hand in the game. My life took a serious turn when a friend helped me get my first book published. Now, I feel you have to send the elevator back down to help the next guy rise up. Its just good Karma…"
Rob felt on top of the world as they drank. Anthony took a more serious tone as he continued. 
"If this thing takes off, you had better be prepared to forget all you hold dear in life as you begin the never ending journey. It all sounds great now, but wait until you're hopping ten coach flights a week humping along on a book tour. It gets real old real fast, but it beats struggling over a hot range getting bruised and burned." 
Rob looked concerned. "I have a newborn at home and a new wife too. I can't imagine leaving them alone for weeks at a time." 
Bourdain shrugged. "You'll have to. Or I guess you could bring her along, if she's up for it. It won't be a vacation, but you could manage if you tried. I wish I had done that. My wife has too much going on to even consider such an idea. With all the shows, tours and other shit I have commitments too, I see her three or four months out of the year at best now. It's hard." 
Rob shook his head. "There’s no way we can do that. I'm sure she would come with me, as long as we can afford it." 
Tony smiled as he took another drink from the vodka. "Let's hope that fucker sells then!" He raised his glass in a toast. Rob held his up as well. 
"To great work and great sales! May it be the beginning of new life," Tony said as they held the glasses up. The glasses clanked as the two smiled with a laugh. 
“Cheers to a… Well, A Brand New Day,” Tony added as a jest.
After a brief wait, the server brought out the food. Steak with fresh frites for you Tony… And our roasted duck breast for you sir. 
"My god the food looks good here,” Rob said eyeing the plates. “And to think this is just lunch. You can barely get a dinner in Cincinnati that looks this good, forget about a lunch."
Tony nodded. "I remember Cincinnati. Everyone insisted they feed me chili the whole time I was there, Starlight or something." 
Rob nodded as he sunk his teeth into the tender duck meat. "Skyline or Gold Star," he said after the delicious breast slid down his throat. 
Tony laughed, cutting his steak. "That right, Skyline. I admit, it has a kind of late-night-drunk appeal. But between you and me… it's not chili. I’ve been to Texas where they invented chili. Skyline is not chili. It’s Greek meat sauce over cheap spaghetti." 
Rob laughed. "It's a thing of it's own that's for sure. And it's true, it's often the last thing you eat before passing out after a hard night at the pub, that or White Castle." 
Tony sliced his steak and laughed. "Oh yeah! Fucking sliders. We had one in Jersey. I used buy them by the dozen at three am when I was in college. Fucking devastating the next day man… whew!" 
Rob agreed, laughing.
"Are you working or do you own your own place?" Anthony asked. 
Rob nodded. "I have a small cantina. Maria Miguel’s. It's a twenty five table traditional Mexican café, we serve only our Chef Miguel Hernandez’s mother's family recipes." 
Tony nodded in appreciation. "God I love that food. It's hard to find authentic Mexican, even here in New York. I bet people tear it up out where you are." 
Rob shook his head. "We have had great sales so far. But the building just got listed for sale and we are all panicked about losing the location after all our hard work. Plus, we live upstairs so we will have to move both the restaurant and our home if someone buys it." 
Tony scowled. "Damn that sucks. It's hard enough to make in this business, let alone deal with re-locating. That can be a death sentence." 
Rob sat back in the booth with his beer. "We won't have to worry now. The moment I leave here. I'm calling my wife Ellen and telling her to put in a contract. This check means more than you can know, not just for me but also for my whole staff. We're all family. This is a real lifesaver. You can’t even imagine."
As they finished their lunch, Rob thanked Tony again with a hard handshake. 
"Keep me filled in,” Tony said, waving for another drink. “I can give you a few pointers along the way. And I will be watching for that book when it hits the web. After all, I want to see those royalty checks stack up!" 
After the last ounce of his beer was swallowed, Rob sat back pushing his empty glass aside. "This was a wonderful lunch. It's just been a terrific day. A day I will always remember," he said as he took out cash for the tab. 
Tony waved him off. " Forget about the bill. We don't have to pay. I happen to know a few people around here," he said with a grin. "Now call your wife and get that contract in. I sure you are bursting with anticipation to tell her the news." 
Rob agreed. "I am. I going to call her the second I leave." 
Tony stood up, walking Rob to the door. "Good luck, and call me of you need anything. I can’t always get back right away but I suppose looking out for you along this rocky path you have in front of you now is my duty as your agent.”
Pausing, Tony laughed. “Literary agent…. What the hell am I thinking? Now I'm an agent among all the other jobs I have. Just what I needed… another job. I used to cook this very menu for a living. Just cook six days a week, and drink and get high and sometimes get lucky with a server or hostess. Now look at me. I am married with children, an author, a TV host, and now a literary agent. Too fucking weird. The Dead thought they had a ‘Strange Trip’ right, they should hear my story. That’s a really strange trip. Now, you are on the same weird ride. I hope it works out for you." 
Rob and Anthony shook hands again as he left out the door. The city sounds rushed into his ears as he took to the street. He felt as alive as the city surrounding him. Thumbing his phone as he walked, he called Ellen. 
"Hello, Rob!" she answered. 
"Ellen. I met the publisher and signed a contract. They paid me and gave me a deal for second book." 
Ellen was flush with excitement. "That's awesome! It's a great story. I knew they would like it." 
Rob couldn't wait to tell her the best news. "They liked it enough to give a check for enough to buy the building for and still have plenty left over… three hundred fifteen thousand, can you believe that?”
Ellen felt relief flow through her as he continued.
“Call Mr. Abney and tell him we will be buying the building for the 250k he offered us, in cash, tomorrow morning." 
Ellen's eyes filled with tears of joy as Rob gave her the news. "I will call him right away!" she said. "I will call you back after I get a time to meet." 
Rob agreed. "I was going to stay for the day, but if the airline can bump me up, I want to come home right away. I will let you know when I find out." 
Saying their goodbyes, Rob walked into the hotel lobby. 
Checking with the airline, he was able to get a flight home in an hour. Calling Ellen with the good news, he offered a night out to celebrate. 
"When I get home you and I are going to celebrate. We will go out and enjoy the best dinner the city has to offer. If you want to that is." 
“Of course I want to celebrate Rob. I’m so happy,” Ellen shot back. “I will call Mamma to watch Faith.”
“Awesome, I will see you by dinner time. And Ellen… I… love you," he said as he finished the call.
Chapter 20
Gathering up his things, Rob checked out of the hotel. The subway and Air Train got him to the terminal just in time. A half hour later, his plane was screaming into the sky, heading west to Cincinnati.
The sun was setting as the plane hovered over the CVG airport. Among the dotted landscape on the ground, Rob could see his neighborhood from the air. He remembered the last time he saw that sight, on the flight home from Vietnam. 
"What a fucking ride that was," he thought as he remembered the adventure overseas. "That fucking bastard George. I wonder where he is now… And Charley, where could she be? Is she tucked into some oversized Arabian bed under silk sheets right now with his ass? I have to thank George for the cash but I'm glad those two are out of my life for good."
The plane touched down on the Kentucky tarmac. Rob knew he had to take a $45 cab ride home. He walked to the exit wishing there was a subway, but knowing there would never be one in his lifetime, nor Faith's. Cincinnati was too backwards to ever create such an improvement as that. Standing by the curb, a cab skidded to stop beside him.
"Newport my good man," Rob said as he slid into the back of the car. 
"Let me guess," the cabbie asked. "Greenup and third." 
Scooting his bag over in the seat, Rob took his first look at the driver.
"How did you know that?" he asked with surprise. 
The driver turned around in his seat with a laugh. 
"Carl!" Rob said shaking his hand. "What the hell are you doing here?" 
Carl laughed as he put the car in gear. "Ellen called and said you needed a ride. She says you had good luck in the Big Apple. Says you got yourself a promising new career." 
Rob laughed. "I hope it turns out to be one. I have to see some decent sales with my first book before anything serious pans out for the future. But I made enough to save the café and that alone was more than I hoped for." 
Carl caught up with the story as they drove. "I'm really glad it worked out for you two. Ellen is a hell of girl. Now she's a mother, and now you're a writer for a big New York publisher. It's better than Marco would have imagined." 
Rob smiled. "I'm not certain the how the writer part will work out, but the rest is true and I'm very proud of the work that went it to it all. The café, the crew, Maria, Miguel, Armando and Ellen, they all worked really hard to get this far. It was hardest on Ellen. She has endured a rough ride so far. I just want her to relax now." 
The two talked happily about the future as they drove home. Carl stopped at the cafe. Rob thanked him again and gave him a hundred dollar bill. 
"There's no need for that!" Carl said handing the bill back. 
"Bullshit," Rob said. "Take it, it's the least I can do. You’ve always helped us and I honor that." 
Rob tossed the crisp bill onto the seat and waved with a smile as he headed to the steel stairs. He was elated to be home, he couldn't wait to run up the stairs and see Ellen. On the other side of the door, Ellen was waiting with her own anticipation, as she had been planning a surprise.
Jogging up the stairs, Rob reached for the door handle when suddenly it flew open. Ellen came springing out. Grabbing her in a hug, Rob spun her around on the landing. 
"Ellen Ellen Ellen… I'm so glad to see you," he said as they rocked in an embrace. 
"I'm glad to see you too," she said against his shoulder. 
"I'm going to get changed and cleaned up. Then, I will take you out on the town," Rob said, pulling away from her.
Rob headed to the shower. After dressing, he found Ellen sitting in the living room with Faith.
"Did Mamma agree to watch Faith?" he asked, running his fingers through his wet hair. 
"Mamma said she would sit for me any night, as long as we get home before midnight. She says only bad things happen after midnight," Ellen replied teasingly. 
Rob laughed. "Maybe she's right," he said, putting on his shoes.
Dressed and ready to go, Rob was ready, but Mamma still had not appeared. "I wonder where she is? Did she say exactly when she would be here?" Rob asked. 
"I'm not sure, maybe she stopped downstairs to see Miguel or Maya." 
Ellen strapped her purse over her shoulder, cradling Faith to her buxom. 
"Let's go down to the café and see if she is there," she said.
Rob opened the door and followed Ellen down the steel stairs. It was nearly nine, the café should have been in full swing, but Rob noticed there was only a small crowd inside.
Opening the door, he saw many empty tables, mostly people at the bar. As he walked in, the crowd turned and stood up, waving their arms high they began to cheer loudly. 
"Congratulations!" The crowd cried out in unison as Rob slowly walked to them in surprise. 
Smiling, he scanned the happy faces. The entire staff was present, Maria, Miguel, Armando, Amanda, Stacy, Jose, Benito and Maya, plus Carl and Mamma too. Harvey was at the end of the bar, with his two favorite Hooters girls on either side of him. Carl waved him over, holding out a beer in his hand. "Come have a drink Rob!" he said handing the beer over. "We're about to make a toast!" 
Rob took the drink. Ellen stood beside him, rocking their wide-eyed baby with a satisfied smile. The crowd's cheer calmed down to a low mummer, then a hush as Carl held his drink high, calling out for all to come to attention. 
"Everyone! Everybody hold your glasses high now," Carl said as the crowd turned to listen. "Tonight we are here to celebrate our good friend Rob's new success! Rob and Ellen have had a hard year. Faced many challenges and bad fortune along the way. Yet against the odds, they persevered. They pushed through the bad luck and created this fine café. Now, the family works together, eats together and earns a living together. Without Chef Rob, none of this would exist." 
Harvey spoke up from the corner. "Nor would the smiling baby! Good work on that one Anderson!" 
Rob laughed. "I think the credit for that mostly goes to Ellen, but thanks anyway Harv." 
Carl continued. "Tonight we celebrate Rob's latest success. His endeavor as writer has not only begun a new chapter in his life, it has saved this family café. Cheers to Rob Anderson! Our chef and friend." 
The crowd clinked their glasses and downed their drinks.
One by one the family and friends in attendance walked up to Rob with a hug or handshake, each one issuing congrats and compliments. Rob turned to Ellen with a hug. 
"I am guessing you arranged all this?" he asked slyly. 
"It was such good news, and we are all so proud of you. I thought, why go out and celebrate with strangers… When we could share our joy here with family and friends." 
His eyes were teary as he hugged her again. "It's perfect. It really is." 
Miguel shouted to Rob over the crowd from behind the bar. "I hope you are hungry amigo! Me and Armando have cooked a special dinner just for you." 
Rob raised his eyebrows as he watched Miguel run to the kitchen, returning with a covered platter, Armando followed behind with more platters under covers.
Maria, Amanda and Stacy moved tables together as Miguel and Army placed the food in the center. The diners filed in to their seats, Rob sat with Ellen at one end of the long span of tables. Miguel waited until everyone was seated, then took the lids off the platters with a big smile and great enthusiasm. 
"Here eet ees amigo! A trip around the world! You always say you wish you could go everywhere and try the world’s food, like the TV Chef Bourdain. Well, since you can’t go, we decided to bring the world to you instead." 
Rob looked at the spread before him. Miguel pointed to the dishes. 
"Dees one is Spanish Paella with clams, mussels and roast pork. Then we have your favorite Chinese noodle dish, Mei Fun. Plus, the Thai noodle dish, Pad Se Ewe, you and Ellen like so much." 
Rob watched with wide eyes as Miguel went down the table describing the amazing dishes. 
"Vietnamese fried shrimp on skewers over sticky rice, with essence of orange and mint… Maria cooked that one." 
Rob looked at the big beauties on the bamboo skewers and smiled at Maria as Miguel continued. 
"Also, we have Moroccan roast lamb, I made that one. I did my best to remember the recipe from The Ship. And for the appetizer, fresh sushi rolls." 
Armando pointed to the perfectly presented platter of petite and colorful sushi. 
"I made those Chef! I did it all from start to finish. I made the wasabi sauce too!" he said with a big proud smile. 
Miguel nodded as they watched Armando beam over the dish. 
"They look like they are ready for magazine photo shoot Army!" Rob said as he eyed the sushi. 
Miguel pointed to a deep ruby red glazed cake. 
"And for dessert Mamma made baked cheesecake, with raspberry and almond topping, eets really good." 
Pointing to a tray of brownies, Miguel shot Rob a sly smile. 
"These are Amanda's creation. They are very special, you know what I mean?" 
Armando piped up smiling. "Si, they are really special! Mamma, you don't eat those." 
Miguel nodded. "Nor you Maria. Dees are not for pregnant mammas." 
Rob smiled with a knowing nod. "We will enjoy those after dinner. Thank you Amanda." 
Amanda smiled. "I didn't know what else to make on such short notice and I'm not really a cook. But I know how to make really good special brownies."
Rob looked at the amazing eclectic spread of food and the warm glowing faces surrounding him. His smiling eyes began to tear again. Ellen noticed and rubbed his thigh under the table. 
"It may not compare with talk-of-the-town New York restaurant fare, but it's all from the heart. Our way of saying thanks of being there for us," Ellen said with a whisper. 
Wrapping an arm around her, he hugged her tight. "There is no where I would rather be than right here, right now. I can't thank you all enough. This is amazing," he said, wiping a tear from his eye. 
Harvey interrupted the intimate moment with his loud bellow. "Anderson! You never cease to amaze me. Now lets stop the girly sobbing and dig in to this food! It looks fucking delicious." 
The crowd passed plates and platters amongst themselves. Filling their plates with the food from the different cultures. Amanda clicked on the stereo from the bar, playing a mix of traditional world music in the spirit of the occasion. As ancient flute music began to play, Maria placed glowing candles along the tables as the family settled in for their meal.
Rob was floored over the amazing quality and presentation the staff had put into the dishes. His first bite was Maria's Vietnamese shrimp. With closed eyes, he shook his head as he chewed. "Maria, these are downright addicting. I can actually taste Vietnam again in just their aroma." 
Maria beamed a smile as she forked Miguel's lamb roast onto her plate. 
Carl the cabbie spoke up from the other end of the table. "I know you were planning on going out to eat. But you have to admit, you wouldn't find meal like this if three of Cincinnati’s best restaurants put their chefs together." 
Rob raised his glass at Carl’s words. The table noticed and held theirs in hand as well. 
"To the best damn dinner in the city! Thank you. Thank you all. This is such a surprise… such a wonderful surprise. Cheers you all," Rob said gleefully.
The glasses clanked as Harvey bellowed out from his seat. "Don't go getting all mushy on me now Anderson. I have a bottle of something special of you too. I don't need you getting all sobby drunk and wasting it. I wanna’ hang out with happy Rob tonight." 
Rob smiled with a laugh as he forked a few forkfuls of dark smoky Pad See Ewe noodles onto his plate, passing them to Ellen.
The evening transformed their spirits as the scrumptious food and soothing music surrounded them with enticing aromas and sounds. Rob sat silent for a moment. An ancient Indian sitar danced over tribal toned drums in the background. He knew, no matter where he found himself in life, regardless of any future in store, this moment, these people… would live in his soul forever.
Ellen broke the silence with a whisper. "I wish Faith was old enough to eat this food. I want her to grow up knowing the great cuisines of all cultures, not just American." 
Rob rubbed Ellen's leg as he watched their baby coo in her seat beside them. "I do too. I want her to see the world, taste it and realize there is so much more to discover outside our culture then there is in it." 
The evening’s event lasted until after midnight. Mamma had left just after eleven, keeping with her "Home by midnight" tradition. Ellen decided to put Faith to bed. Kissing Rob with a hug, she whispered. "Don't stay down here too late. There are more good things in store for you tonight." 
Maria joined her as she headed up to the apartment. 
Waving Rob close, Harvey took a bottle from a cloth bag. Speaking in a rare serious tone, he described the liquor. "This, my friend. This is a rare treat indeed. The finest alcoholic creation man has ever known. Banned for over a century in its homeland." 
All eyes turned to the bottle as the words left his lips. Rob wondered what it could possibly be as he watched the bottle slip out of it's velvet cover. 
"Dornier Tuller circa 1910. A gift to me from Pete Rose during his hey-day. No more than a few hundred people in the world have ever had the privilege to have this elixir cross their lips. It is the rarest of the rare, a true vintage absinthe handcrafted by the original old world master himself." 
Miguel and Armando shot each other a confused look. "What you say? Ab... seeth?" 
Harvey laughed. "Ab-Sin-th," he replied, enunciating the pronunciation. "It's a very old, very mysterious liquor made form herbs and wormwood. The ancient Greeks used wormwood to cure diseases. It's rumored to induce trance like visions, hallucinations and so on. Some say, if used properly, you will see the Green Fairy, and she can either heal your troubles or cause your death, depending on your state of mind, and mental weaknesses. This is the very label Oscar Wilde was drinking the night of his untimely death. He wrote a poem about his love affair with the drink. It goes… Let me see if I remember… 
“After the first glass… you see things as you wish they were. After the second, you see them as they are not. After the third, you see things as they really are, and that is the most horrible thing in the world."  
“I think that's how it goes," Harvey said with a shrug. "Anyhow, you get the point. This is some wicked shit, lets put it that way."
Armando looked at Miguel with wide eyes. "Whoa… I don't know amigo… I love all good drinks you know. And mushrooms too. But this… this sounds like Santeria." 
“I don’t mess with no Santeria,” Miguel added.
Harvey popped the cork and set the bottle aside. From a hard leather case, he took out exquisite crystal glasses. Atop the glasses, he rested tiny slotted silver spoons. Placing a single sugar cube atop each. All eyes watched as he poured the clear liquor over the melting cube. Instantly a bright green neon glow came alive in the glass as the liquor changed color before their eyes. 
"Whoa," Armando whispered as he watched the transformation.
Miguel watched, nervously backing away from the scene. "I think I will stick to my tequila and cervesa." 
Army agreed. "Yeah, me too," he said moving away from the mysterious bottle.
Harvey poured slowly and carefully. Armando stood beside Amanda watching in safety. "Are you going to drink that?" he asked her. 
"I don't think so. I'm way too blazed to take on any liquor, especially magic liquor. I have still have to drive your drunk ass home you know." 
Harvey finished pouring the drinks. Removing the spoons, he held the first out to Rob. Then, passed two more to the Hooters girls, leaving one for him.
"Here's to Chef Anderson! And too his great café, wonderful wife and beautiful baby. May fortune favor his path!" Harvey cheered.
The group cheered as Rob and Harvey downed their iridescent green drinks. The Hooters girls held theirs back for last. Giggling at one another as they second-guessed whether they should drink the unusual brew at all. Finally daring to toss the shot back in one drink, as Rob and Harvey watched smiling. The crowd clapped at the nervous girls as they sat their empty glasses on the bar. 
Armando lit a big blunt. Flicking the cherry on the end to get to burn evenly. Passing it off to the crowd, he held in his lung-filling hit. Amanda changed the music to a mystic Indian rhythm and began to dance beside Armando. Miguel poured shots of tequila for Armando and himself as the Hooters girls joined in on the erotic dancing, moving up beside Harvey in a slow sexy slither. 
"Look! I think it's working already!" Harvey said to Rob as the girls moved to the music. 
Rob laughed, then realized, even he seemed to be becoming entranced by the motions and music.
After puffing the blunt, Harvey took two of Amanda's special brownies from the tray on the bar. Feeding them one at a time to the dancing girls at his side, eating one himself as they rubbed against his sides and back. Miguel and Armando took brownies off the tray too. Holding one out for Rob, Miguel took a big bite out of his own. 
"No thanks amigo. I would love to try one but Ellen is waiting and I can't go home all wasted. It will ruin the best part of the night." 
From across the room, Harvey shot Rob a wink as he slow danced with Rain, her friend behind him, holding his waist with her long nailed fingertips. 
"You go on home to the lady," Harvey said. "We won't keep you. I think we need to get going soon anyway,” he said. The Hooters girls giggled at him as he pulled them to the door. "Save that bottle safe for us Anderson! We will have another drink together soon," Harvey yelled out as the door closed behind him.
Miguel switched the music to traditional Mexican. Armando began to dance to the calliope of sounds. Amanda joined Army in the beat as Miguel looked around the room for Maria. 
"Amigo,” Miguel said to Rob. “Tell Maria to come back down here. I wanna dance too," he said as he tipped a golden shot back. 
"Will do," Rob replied. "Thanks for a great night you all. It was truly special." 
With a wave, he sprinted out the door and up the steel stairs. His heart mind and body were longing to have Ellen in arms alone.
Chapter 21
Maria and Ellen were talking cheerfully in the living room when Rob walked in. Maria stood up and said goodbye as Rob came in the room. 
"Miguel is raring to dance with you Maria. He said to send you down right away." 
Maria laughed. "He's going to be a handful tonight. I hope he doesn't eat too many brownies.”
Rob laughed and thanked her again for the dinner as he closed the door behind her. Turning to Ellen, he watched as she waved him to the bedroom from the hall. Walking in the room, his eyes dilated against the brilliant golden light of dozens of candles. The room was surrounded by them, small, large, short, tall, setting in every corner, covering every flat space in the room. 
Ellen stood beside the bed. Her mind was free of the usual nervous self-conciseness about her body she had always suffered from. Letting her dress fall to floor, she revealed her nude form in the warm light. Rob couldn't believe her figure. Gone were the rolls of fat that once covered her stomach and waist. Her shapely thighs curved up into round sexy hips. Only her breasts were still enlarged, heavy with milk, they invitingly stood out from her chest.
Rob looked at the vision of her without moving a muscle. Perhaps it was the magical liquor, but he could swear there was a comforting glowing aura surrounding Ellen. Stepping forward slowly, he took her fingers into his own. Kissing one hand, he slowly pulled her closer, kissing up her arm to her neck. Ellen leaned her head back as he kissed up to her waiting lips. Moving to ease her onto the bed, she stopped him with a subtle push. Her eyes smiling deep into his as she slid to her knees. Staring up at him, her fingers deftly undid his pants, easing them to the floor. Still staring with hungry eyes, she looked up at him as his manhood fell free before her.
Taking him in her hand, she kissed and licked it lightly, sending shockwaves of pleasure through his body. After an intense minute of tender kisses and licks, she looked up into his eyes as she slowly took him deep in her mouth. 
Rob watched with hazy vision as Ellen began to move him in and out of her lips, each time deeper, pulling him into her with one hand, while caressing him with the other. It wasn't long before he knew the night's lovemaking would end before it even began as he felt an incredible orgasm building in his loins. 
"Ellen, slow down… It's too good… I'm going to… If you don't stop." 
Ellen smiled. "This is just the appetizer. We have all night for the main course," she said between stokes. 
Sucking him harder she sped up her pace. Using both hands to pull him into her, she urged him on. The entire sensation sent him over the edge. His legs weakened, nearly buckling as he released onto her soothing tongue. Reaching around behind him, she pushed him deeper into her as his climax took hold. Holding him in her mouth, she rubbed the back of his thigh with one hand while slowly coaxing his manhood for more with the other. Rob felt himself shaking with knee-weakening pleasure. The intense orgasm was so strong; it caused his vision to blur totally out of focus, his mind reeling as waves of endorphins flooded his veins.
Pulling her up, she kissed his cheek and whispered in his ear. "Now, for the main course." 
Spinning him to the bed, she pushed him down on the mattress. Climbing above him, she straddled his waist as he lay looking up at her. "I know you've always wanted me to be more free. I know you like to watch me, but until now, I never had the confidence to be watched. Tonight, I feel so free. So just lie back, relax and watch." 
Rob pulled the pillow up under his head. Ellen hovered above him, her big breasts almost within reach of his lips. With one hand, she ran her fingers down to her womanhood. Slowly rubbing small circles with her fingertips.
Rob sighed a deep relaxing breath as he watched Ellen rubbing herself on top of him. Sitting back on his thighs, she parted her legs wider. Biting her lip, she rubbed more precisely now. Closing her eyes, she was lost in her sexual passion. Rob's eyes were glued to the candle lit scene as she began to rub harder. He felt her breathing stop, then start again with a gasp. He saw the muscles in her thighs twitch, the lines of her forehead deepened as her face contorted in pleasure. 
Leaning above him, she laid her head against his. Her hair tangled on both sides of her face, Rob could feel her body shiver as she gasped. Pausing her movements, she held still in a silent scream. Rob ran his fingertips down her back, over her hips and back up again as she cried out one last sound before collapsing down onto him.
Kissing his ear, she whispered. "I have never felt so alive. I love you Rob… I want you now." She kissed down his chest as she slid down. Taking him in her mouth again, he felt his manhood begin to rise. Ellen tossed her hair to one side, looking up at him as she sucked him deeply. In seconds, he was hard again, fueled with fiery desire as if the first orgasm had need even happened.
Rob positioned Ellen's hips into place over his hardness, trying to enter her as she straddled him.
"No," she said with a whisper. "I want you to do it. Just like the first night in Vietnam. I want to feel you take me like you did that night. Even though I was a scared nervous virgin, I will never forget that magical feeling…" 
Ellen lifted her leg off Rob and lay beside him on the bed. He turned onto his knees as she parted her legs wider. Maneuvering between her thighs, his manhood slid into her with ease. She was silky and wet like he had had never seen before. With a single thrust he pushed halfway into her. Without pulling out, he pushed again, filling her to her limit as the rest of him squeezed into her womb.
Pulling her thighs as far and wide as she could, she pulled her legs back with her hands. Gripping under her knees, Rob continued to enter her deeper, stretching her to new limits as his manhood grew even larger inside her. 
"I've never felt so… Big in all my life," he said as he strained his manhood into her. "I feel twice as big as before, and you're so wet… But still so tight… Tighter than I can ever remember…It's as if… You were… A virgin again…" he said between thrusts. 
Ellen looked into his eyes. She felt tears building as she rocked. Rob looked down at her breasts. They began to bounce as he found his rhythm. Falling atop her, he wormed his hands under her hips. Holding her tightly, he thrust in and out of her wetness with increasing speed. His face buried in her tangled hair, he felt the most intense orgasm of his life building. Looking into her eyes, he pulled his hands free of her hips, gently caressing her face. 
"Oh my god Ellen…" he whispered. "Oh my god I have never felt such…" Suddenly he stopped still. Their eyes locked together, she could feel him pulsing inside her, filling her with warmth as he collapsed atop her heaving breasts.
"I’ve never… Ahh, I can’t believe how… Such an amazing feeling that is…" his lips quietly mumbled as he sunk, sliding down beside her, so weak he could barely move. 
His vision was still fuzzy. The golden light crisscrossed the room with long tracers of yellow and orange.
"I think this absinthe is kicking in,” he whispered. “I feel like I'm on a drug. I feel so good, like my mind has been massaged." 
Ellen turned to him on her side. Kissing him with silent kisses as he lay motionless. 
"Ready for dessert?" she asked, reaching down for his still hard manhood. 
"Oh god. I think I would slip into a coma, or even die of a heart attack if I had another one of those orgasms right now," he replied.
Ellen rubbed him as she giggled. "I think you can take it. I want this to be a night to remember. It's like our honeymoon." 
Rob's thoughts spun from pure bliss to sudden shock. "Honeymoon… We never had a… Oh my god! I'm so stupid!" 
Ellen pressed her finger across his lips. "Shhh. Let me do the talking," she said as she wormed her body down to the foot of the bed. 
Lying beside him, she took him in her mouth again. The feeling sent shockwaves through him, causing him to instinctively pull away. Suddenly he felt himself growing hard between her lips. Closing his eyes, he watched brilliant colors morph into multicolored patterns and shapes as Ellen coaxed his manhood back to strength with her tongue. 
Feeling him grow large. Ellen stopped her sucking and hovered her hot wetness over the tip of him. Rob opened his eyes, watching as Ellen's glowing blurry shape slid down, taking him inside her. Sitting up on her knees, she began rocking slowly, very slowly. She knew he loved to watch. Taking her hand, she slid her fingers down to her womanhood. Rubbing herself slowly, she saw Rob's eyes light up as he focused on her movements.
As her momentum increased, he rose to catch her breast with his lips. All the while rubbing herself, she used her free hand to cup her breast. Offering it to Rob's waiting mouth as she rocked him with her hips. The feeling of orgasm was out of his mind altogether. He was in a blissful state of pleasure in this magic moment. As he felt himself pushed deeper into Ellen womb, she began to rub faster then slow. Her head fell, her rubbing quickened.
Clenching his teeth around her breast, he pulled her to him by her hips. He could feel her thighs shudder, her womanhood gripped around him like a strong hand. Her hips quivered as she gasped. Biting her lip, she looked down at Rob with contortions of overwhelming pleasure, her hair falling atop his head as he continued his sucking clamp on her breast. Shivering uncontrollably, her orgasm shot through her.
Rob released his lips as she slid down on top of him, still shaking from her release. Curling up, spooning at his side, she pulled him to her. Wrapping an arm around him as she lay her head on his shoulder. 
"I'm so in love with you," she said with a whisper. 
"I know just what you mean," Rob said as he nestled his nose in her hair. "I never imagined anything like this before." 
The candles fueled the couple’s warm glow as they lay silently in the tangled sheets. The night air blew a brisk cool breeze across the room from the open window. Flickering the light, the breeze blew the candles out with its invisible breath. 
As the room darkened, Rob felt as if some unseen guiding spirit was tucking them in for the night. Ellen wormed up closer against him. Her mind was deeply calmed by their love. She knew she was safe in her own home now, their daughter peacefully sleeping in the next room.
Rob was in a near trance lying beside her, still recovering from the intense sexual release. She felt the peace of the universe surround her, coursing through her veins into every muscle in her body. As she began to dream, she knew some kind of fortune had changed in their lives. Something good was coming to them now. Something wonderful.
Chapter 22
The renewed couple rose awake in the morning dawn feeling refreshed and invigorated with vibrant energy. Ellen sprung up quickly when she heard Faith calling with a soft cry. As she dashed away, Rob rose, rubbing his eyes. He wondered what strange effect the absinthe may have had over last night's experience.
"I guess that Green Fairy liked me. I think I like her too," he jested as he stood up in the nude. 
Ellen was feeding Faith on the sofa as Rob walked in from the shower. 
"I'm going to meet that agent today," he said, putting on his shoes. "When this check goes through, we can close and we will own this place forever, no loan." 
Ellen had already called for the appointment. "I left her address and number on the counter. I think she's there all day today." 
Rob took the note and kissed Ellen fast on the cheek. "After I get back, we should go to lunch. I'd like to try that Mediterranean place by the Levy. If it's the real deal, it should be a great treat." 
Ellen agreed with a smile. "Sounds good to me, I hope they have falafel." 
After depositing the check at the bank, Rob called the agent in route to her office. At their meeting, she didn't seem pleased about the forty-five thousand dollar reduction in price Mr. Abney agreed to, but was still friendly overall. After signing the paperwork, Rob thanked her and told her to call ASAP when she knew the closing date. She agreed and thanked him. 
"I'm glad it all worked in the end for you two. You seem like a nice couple," she said in parting.
Rob laughed. "It's not just us. Ellen's sister Maria, my chef Miguel, his sister Maya, her fiancée Jose, their cousin Benito… Plus Armando, and his girlfriend Amanda and her roommate Stacy, they all are depending on the café for their income. Now, we can all rest easy." 
The agent agreed as she handed Rob a folder with copies of the contract. “Truth is I’m glad you got it, you seem like good people. The city needs more live in owner-op businesses like yours. They show the highest pride of ownership across the board. And with that price deduction, you stole that property. If you ever want to sell, let me know.”
Leaving with the purchase contract intact, the next stop was the restaurant. Rob picked up Ellen, leaving baby Faith with Maria. With high hopes, they talked about their favorite Greek dishes as they drove.
Walking in, the new Mediterranean restaurant looked like a cheap facsimile of ‘What an American thinks Greek is.’ Right off the bat they were served a cold, stale pita platter complete with a watery tasteless hummus. 
"This is pure lazy crap!" Rob said loudly as he took the first bite. 
"Calm down… The waiter will hear you," Ellen said quietly. 
"He needs to hear me. How the hell can the cook fuck-up a store bought pita? Maybe the entree will be better, but so far… This place sucks." 
Ellen agreed as she tossed the remaining piece of tough bread back on the platter.
The rest of the meal was just as bad. 
"This falafel looked so good. But it's dry and grainy," Ellen said she covered her mouth, chewing slowly, considering spitting it out into the napkin. 
"This so-called house made gyro meat sucks too. It's crumbly and greasy at the same time. How do you manage that? That’s a mystery to me. They would be better off buying the big frozen ones from that wholesaler in Chicago like every other cheap Mediterranean joint," Rob said.
The waiter was asked several times but still neglected to bring Ellen a refill of her water. He did however remember to place the bill on the table shortly after he brought the entrees.
Being hungry, they attempted to make the best of the bad food. Giving up, Rob pushed his plate away with a huff. "To hell with it. I'm not even going to bother eating any more. The little greasy place on the corner has better gyros than this, for five bucks." 
Ellen felt similar feelings as she began to cough from the dry falafel. Reaching for Rob's water, she nodded in agreement. 
"Let's just go. We can go to that Korean noodle place." 
Rob begrudgingly left a $20 bill on the table beside the eighteen-dollar tab. "I feel we shouldn't even have to pay. I should explain in detail how bad this entire meal is. Maybe they would listen… Never mind, let them figure it out, I just want out of here." 
Walking out into the sun, they strolled several blocks to the Korean place they had liked weeks earlier. After a satisfying lunch they lazily made their way back to the cafe. Ellen stopped at a corner ice cream stand and bought a cone. 
"I used to feel really guilty every time I ate fatty desserts or snacks, especially ice cream. Now since I've lost all that weight, I can enjoy it, not as often as before, but it makes it taste that much more delicious when I do." 
Rob watched her lick the top of the ice cream from the cone, the tip smearing and sticking to her nose. Wiping it off with a thumb, he laughed at her as she smiled with cream covered lips. 
"You look amazing," he said as he watched her enjoying her cone with child-like giddiness. 
"Who would have thought a simple ancient Asian diet could shed years of weight so quickly," he said.
Ellen smiled back. "I feel great and it's healthy. I can even enjoy an ice cream guilt-free now and then," she said, resuming her ice cream licks. 
Back home, Ellen put Faith back in her crib. Rob changed and went to the café for the dinner service. Walking into the café, the aroma of fresh tamales hit him with a warming feeling. 
"Hello there Amanda," he said as he walked in. 
Maria smiled and waved from the front windows where she was wiping the glass. 
Rob walked through the kitchen, checking out the stocks, the cleanliness and tasting the simmering sauces on the stove. Miguel stood back from the range as Rob leaned in to savor the smell of the pan of fresh steamed tamales. 
"You hungry? You want a tamale?" he asked, as he watched Rob's eyes close as he inhaled the scent. 
"These are really good. These are roast pork, it's a special for today," Miguel said, breaking the tamales spell.
Rob stood up and patted him on the shoulder. 
"I don't even need to try one amigo." I can taste them with my nose, they are simply stellar." 
Rob nodded in approval as he inspected the kitchen. Finding everything clean and in order. 
"Mise En Place," he said as he smiled at Armando. 
Rob walked back to the pass window, checking out the station and the bar. Armando looked at Miguel confused with a scowl. 
"What he say we were missing?" Army asked.
Miguel laughed. "Mise En Place… Eets French for everything is in its place. It means we have eet all set up right you know," he replied, pointing to the rows of sauces and ingredients. 
Armando shot a sudden smile then nodded. "I don't know French, why does he tell us good job in French?" 
Miguel shrugged. "It's just a French saying. Just like béchamel, bisque, julienne, mirepoix and au jus. You will learn." 
Armando smoothed his hair back with an aggravated look. "Juice. Juice is not French, I know what juice is." 
Miguel took both hands and messed Army's hair. "Jus! Not juice. Eets the meat stock you make the sauce with. You will see someday." 
Armando went back about his duties, an aggravated scowl across his face.
The evening went off without a hitch. Rob felt good to be back in the kitchen, though after the first half of the dinner service he found himself nearly in the way. In his absence, the staff had filled the voids with their own expertise and it worked well. Rob called out the orders as they came in, but Miguel may just as well have. Miguel had Armando and Maya trained so well, they swiftly chucked the orders to the window minutes after they were called out, leaving Rob standing useless.
With every dish, Miguel inspected the order, touching up the plates here and there with a bright white cloth. Passing them on to Rob, where he merely passed them to Maria or Amanda, ready and waiting to take the sizzling dishes to the table immediately. Rob realized the team had moved on past his leadership into their own. His constant guidance and instruction was no longer required.
Days turned into weeks as Rob watched the staff run their shifts efficiently without his intervention. The sales stayed strong, growing more each week. Amanda was training a new server, Katie. She was a friend from Applebee's she used to work with. 
Katie was working out well. She was a professional server and needed only to get familiar with the menu and the simple hand written processes. Rob was glad to be able to afford the help. With Jose at the bar, Maya and Armando in the kitchen, plus Amanda, Stacy, Katie and Benito in the front, Maria and Miguel could finally get a few much-needed days off. He knew it wouldn't be long before Maria would be closing in on her due date. Not to mention taking maternity leave for some time after the birth. He didn't want her working up until the last possible day as Ellen had done. Now, he could relax in the realization that the café was strong and well staffed.
Ellen kept an eye out for Rob's book to be published online, but so far it had not surfaced. On a sleepy Sunday afternoon, while browsing for other interesting books, she checked the Amazon listings. "Rob!" she called out from the sofa. "It's here!" 
Rob ran into the room and sat beside her. She handed the laptop pointing to the listing. 
"A romantic culinary adventure that illuminates the light and dark in a world of struggle, triumph, despair, loss and just plain ole’ bad luck…" he read out loud. 
"Has anyone bought it yet?" Rob asked as he scanned the website. 
Ellen pointed to the counter under the cover. "28 people," she said pointing to the number. 
"That sucks," he said under his breath. 
"It's only been a day. Look at the listing date." 
Rob handed the laptop back to Ellen. 
"Harper Collins probably bought the first 28 just so it wouldn't look completely worthless. I will read it later. I would love to see what they have done to it. I gave them full rights to edit it anyway they choose." 
Ellen shrugged. "I'm buying it right now. I want to see what changes they made too." 
Rob laughed. "Well that makes twenty nine. After you read it, you can give me the highlights." 
Ellen laughed. "I will keep you abreast as I go along."
Chapter 23
Nearly three months had passed since the book was listed. All along it had slowly worked it's way towards more sales, increasing in frequency as time passed. 
Ellen awoke to a thunderstorm showering the windows with blowing rain. Rob and Faith were still sleeping as she made coffee and switched on the computer. Scanning her email she found a message from the publisher. Clicking it open, she read the message as she blew across her steaming coffee. 
“Top forty among the genre online… Meeting scheduled in person for September 12… Please confirm appointment no later than Tuesday…" 
Ellen opened a new tab and went to the books listing page. Scanning over the Amazon statistics, she saw what had happened. 
Shaking Rob awake, Ellen sat on the bed with the laptop. 
"Wake up," she said shaking him again. 
Rob woke with a scowl. "What's the deal? What's going on?" he asked as he leaned up from the bed. 
Propping himself on his elbows, he tried to focus on the screen Ellen was pointing to on his lap. 
"You were in the top forty on Friday. Now, you're in the top twenty five!" 
Rob squinted as he tried to make out the words on the screen. 
"I haven't checked it for a few days. It's skyrocketing now," Ellen said pointing to the screen.
Rob read the numbers on the sales list. “61,975 purchases at three bucks each. "I get five percent, how much is that on those sales numbers. Ellen did the quick math. "Just over nine grand," she replied, looking up from her phone with wide eyes. 
"Don't get too excited. That's over three months. We won't be retiring anytime soon," Rob shot back.
Ellen took the laptop off his lap and lay across him. "Yeah, over three months in all, but most of the purchases have been in the last three days." 
Rob realized she was right. "I wonder when I get these royalty checks?" 
Ellen smiled as she kissed his neck. "I don't know, but we will find out September 12th." 
Rob looked at her puzzled. "What happens on that day?" he asked. 
"That's the day we all go to New York for your next meeting. The publisher sent an email. They want to meet again. This time we can all go." 
Rob shot up off the bed. "This is great news! I wonder what she wants to talk about that's so important?" 
Ellen stood beside him as he dressed in the mirror. Looking at his reflection, she rubbed his shoulders. "I don't know but it's going to be good I know that." 
Rob turned and hugged her hard. "It's going to be fun too. This is your first real trip to the city. I want to make sure you see the best of it." 
Ellen shrugged. "I only care about hearing what they have to say at the meeting. New York doesn't have anything better to offer me than I have right here in our home." 
Rob patted her back. "We’ll see about that little lady," he said as he picked her up with a swinging hug. 
September 12th fell on a Tuesday. Rob decided to get the family settled into a nearby hotel two days prior, giving them a chance to locate a sitting service and see a few sights before the meeting. 
After checking into a suitable hotel, he got started right off. Monday morning, breakfast at Barney Greengrass. Ellen stood firm on her anti-pastrami stance, so Rob ordered one of the decadent sandwiches for him and an eggs and lox for her. It was her first bite of the Big Apple. They sat at a dingy table, listening to an employee grunting angrily about something spilled on the floor. Barney himself was on the line, mixing the filling for beef tamales in silence. The entire place had a lost in time feel about it. The food was divine.
After returning for a mid-day hotel bed romp, Rob guided Ellen to the subway as they crossed town to the lower eastside for lunch at Sheng Wang in Chinatown. Over Styrofoam plates of noodles, wontons and a bowl of luxurious broth, they shared warm smiles and loving laughter. 
“There is nothing, nothing like this back home,” Ellen said with a sigh as she forked noodles out of the broth. “This reminds me of Vietnam.”
“Grand Oriental in Fields Ertle is the best we have in Cincy,” Rob said with a laugh. “Even they would weep over this right here.” 
Ellen noticed only a few working class Asian customers were seated in the room. Some chewed fried chicken feet as others sucked the marrow out of roasted beef bones. A bowl of broth and another of white rice sat communally in the center. No one seemed to speak a word the entire time.
The subway’s grime and squeal was unsettling to Ellen. The couple made extensive use of the trains to cross from one sight to the next. After a walk in Central Park, and a visit to the 911 Memorial, it was time for dinner. Las Halles was Rob’s first suggestion. 
“Anthony’s Bourdain’s place?” Ellen asked. “That sounds good. Maybe I will finally meet him in person.” 
Rob knew Anthony would be at the meeting in the morning but saw no sign of him at the restaurant as he had hoped. 
As they dined, Ellen found all the food exciting, but couldn't justify the prices no matter how good the dishes tasted. "Sixty five dollars, for this petite entree, I can't see doing this often. I thought for such dives, Barney’s and the Chinese place were expensive, this is triple the cost. I'm glad we don't live here." 
Rob laughed. "Yeah, you should see the rent. Our apartment, would run about… Probably five to seven grand a month here, it’s about a grand a room. The café space would be thirty easy." 
Ellen shook her head. "New York is cool and all. So much to discover, but it's so expensive, crowded and loud. I don't think it's worth it." 
Tuesday morning, Rob and Ellen were early to the publisher's office. Ellen wanted to stop and get a coffee, but Rob wanted to go straight there. 
"They have coffee and cappuccino in the office. They will offer I'm sure," he assured her.
Walking in the office, the secretary did offer drinks. Ellen sipped an excellent creamy cappuccino as the secretary motioned for them to follow her to the meeting. 
Rob escorted Ellen as they walked into Nancy's office.  
"Hello Rob!" Nancy said, rising up from her seat. "And you must be Ellen," she said, shaking her hand. 
Sitting back in her seat, Nancy shuffled papers off her desk, pulling out a spreadsheet. "I have to say Rob, your book is doing well. Very well for a new author." 
Ellen squeezed his hand as she listened to Nancy explain the details of the books current status.
Rob knew they didn't ask him to fly to New York to talk about numbers they could simply email or call with. "So.... What's next?" he asked.
Nancy settled back in her seat, tossing the papers to the desk as she put her pen in between her teeth. "We talked about a second book if this work performed well." 
Rob remembered that from the first meeting but not much was mentioned about it. "Sure, I remember," he said. 
Looking back at her papers, Nancy ran her pen down the top sheet. "Well, judging by the demographics of these sales…  We need to use this book’s current rise on the charts, to help publicize the next work now. Therefore, we need to get the second work going quickly. If the sales cool off, we will miss out. We need to get the next work out fast." 
Ellen smiled, looking for Rob's reaction. 
All eyes were on Rob as he paused then replied with a wave of his hands. "Awesome. I'm not totally sure what to write about but…" 
Nancy cut him off with a smile. Leaning back to the desk, she crossed her hands. "Don’t stress, I have some ideas. Such as… How do you feel about a cookbook?" 
Ellen thought it was a great idea and smiled as she nudged him discreetly. 
Rob reluctantly scowled. "A cook book? That's really different than Brand New Day… I’m not sure."
Nancy waved her hands as she explained. "Readers are blogging about the notion that your story is well, not entirely fiction. The fact that the chef and the server in the story are actually you and Ellen have readers wondering. Considering Maria Miguel’s is real, as are the other restaurants mentioned in the book is fueling the intrigue. Bloggers are posting questions about George Achmed and Charley as if they are real people too. People are not in disbelief that much of your work is non-fiction, thinly disguised as fiction. It’s really peaked an interest.”
Ellen shot Rob a discreet nervous glance. She didn’t want even the mention of George’s name coming up in any conversation again, except alone with Rob.
Nancy didn’t notice the glance. “So, I think that the readers who are fascinated with what might be real in the story, will be intrigued to read about the real Chef Rob. What better way to introduce a chef than with a cookbook?”
Rob rubbed his head with both hands. “This is the part Tony was warning me about,” he thought to himself as Nancy continued her pitch.
“The Chef Rob in the book has become a popular character, now I want to give readers the real thing. Besides, cook books sell very well," she said, waiting for his reply.
Rob thought about the notion. He dreaded writing out recipes and explanations of dishes. He thought about the content, but lacked any specific direction. 
"What kind of cuisine would I choose?” he replied. “I’ve cooked dishes from all over the world. I’ve mastered very few. I need to learn more before I have anything of real value to create a truly good cookbook. There is so much to try to nail down…"
Listening silently, Nancy chewed her pen.
Nervously frustrated, Rob continued with his doubtful reply. "Where would I start? There is so much to encompass. I can think of at least three styles of Asian, at least five American varieties, then you have Japanese, Spanish, and Middle Eastern, Mexican… It's a long list. I don’t have a true working knowledge of but a few and… I really need to focus in on a traditional cuisine, there is so much I have yet to learn." 
Nancy nodded. "I understand. Perhaps…" 
Rob interjected. "Those are just what I already know something about, there is so much more I want to see and taste. I could travel the world for months just eating in a different city every week and maybe learn something worth writing about. I’m talking true hundred year old cuisine, and older. Everything else has been worn out." 
Nancy looked at her calendar. "I have an idea. How does this sound? You travel to the place of your choice. Write about the food, condense the cuisine into a short segment that we can publish in a series. Lets say, three of the top dishes each cuisine has to offer. You introduce the dishes, break them down, write the recipes for home cooks and we will format the rest into proper form. Does that sound interesting?"
Rob couldn't help but stare at Ellen with a look of wonder. Looking back at Nancy, he laughed out loud. 
"Send us around the world to eat and write about it? Interesting? Nancy, that's my dream job," he replied with a laugh.
Nancy smiled as she began to write. "Don't get too excited yet. I don't have enough profit from your work to justify a big budget on this. I will provide you coach tickets and budget accommodations. But you will have to pay for the rest on your own. Think of it as having some skin in the game along with us." 
Rob agreed immediately. "I understand. I'm just glad to have the opportunity," he replied enthusiastically.
Nancy studied him in thought. "You said, send us? I assume that means Ellen will be going along?”
Rob nodded. “And baby too of course. I’m not leaving them out of the most exciting chapter of our lives.
With eyebrows raised, Nancy cocked her head. “Okay, but are you up to the task Ellen?” she asked. “Caring for a baby from plane to plane and hotels and cab rides is not going to be easy." 
Ellen gripped Rob's hand as she replied. "It's not easy no matter where we are. I can't think of anything I would rather do than share the experience with Rob and expose Faith to different cultures." 
Nancy tapped her pen against her lip. "Let's see if you're still this agreeable after a few weeks on the road. I'm going to start the expense account for the travel arrangements. Let's put you in the air… Let's say, Friday. I will be expecting your first draft the following Friday. We will need a short introduction, recipe and photos. We will arrange for a local photographer, I need you to take as many shots and videos as you can as well. The food, the people, the landscape, anything that catches your eye that can help put the reader in the scene. I will assign you a camera before you leave assuming you don't have a high quality HD of your own?" 
Rob shook his head. "No, we never needed one, I just use my phone," he replied. 
"No problem, we will send you out with a Nikon, use the auto setting, the external flash, point and shoot. It's that easy." 
Sharing a smile, Ellen and Rob felt excitement beginning to build inside. 
"Where will you be heading first?" Nancy asked.
The question slapped Rob like a sucker punch. He had no idea. He thought about the string of possibilities. Images of the world’s cuisine swarmed his mind. At first, he had no idea where to start, then it hit him. The terrible Newport Levy Mediterranean dinner had disturbed his thoughts since the bad experience there months ago. Coupled with his minor success on The Ship cooking for George and Safar, he felt a burning desire ever since to create an amazing traditional Middle Eastern meal. 
"The Middle East," he said with confidence. 
Nancy looked up with concern. "That's a bit vague. We have friends in some cities, certain countries." 
Rob thought about a show he watched recently, naming Jordon as the most ancient cuisine on the planet. 
"How about Jordon?" he asked. 
"Jordon is great. We have friends in Amman, photographers included," Nancy replied.
Rob smiled as he looked at Ellen. "Amman it is then." 
Nancy continued writing then looked up with a smile. "Ellen, do you have a passport?"
Ellen answered yes. 
"The little one, she is up on all her shots?" Nancy asked.
Ellen nodded with a yes again. 
"I will have your tickets in the system. Just tell the clerk at the airline and show your ID. Any questions along the way feel free to call my assistant, here’s her card." 
Taking the card in hand, Rob agreed as he thanked her with a handshake.
Nancy stood up from her desk. "We will deposit your royalties on the first of the month. I wish you both good luck and I can't wait to see your first submission. Remember, Friday after next, three recipes and an intro. We take deadlines serious around here." 
Ellen left their bank information with Jill before they stepped into the elevator and headed back to the hotel.
As they walked down the bustling sidewalk, Ellen was elated at the turn of events. Rob's mind was a blur of thoughts and concerns over the deadline, the travel and taking care of Faith along the way. Ellen held his arm tightly as they walked through the crowds. 
"It's going to be great. I'm not worried about a single part of it," she said, calming his fears. 
Suddenly the worry went away and the rush of excitement set in. 
"This is better than any chef job in the world! I can't believe it's happening to me, and so fast,” Rob said with eyes wide.
Ellen beamed with pride and excitement as they packed for the flight home.
Arriving back in Newport, Ellen arranged for Carl to pick them up. Driving home, they explained the news of the meeting and the next near immediate departure for Jordon. 
"Send me some photos if you would. Here's my card it has my email. I would love to show them to the wife and my friends. Tell them about our Cincinnati Chef that's going to be on TV someday soon." 
Rob chuckled. "It's just a cook book. I don't want people to get the idea I'm going to be on TV or anything." 
Carl shot him look in the mirror. "This is just the first step my boy! Play your cards right and you'll be getting your own show someday. You're a handsome young man, that always plays well on TV."
Dropping them off at home, Carl helped with the bags as they stepped to the curb. "You call me when you're heading out. I will run you to CVG. I want to say one last goodbye before you take off out of the states." 
Ellen gave him a hug as Rob shook his hand. "See you Friday Carl!" he called out to the cab as it drove away into the traffic.
Chapter 24
The following day, Rob called a meeting with all the staff and explained the news. They spent the rest of the day in a small celebration, a going away party of sorts for the family. Rob took Miguel aside, motioning Maria and Ellen to join them. 
"You two are the best thing to ever happen to me, besides Ellen and Faith of course… The point is, you are family. You've worked so hard here at the café. Ellen and I talked on the flight home. We want to give you this." 
Rob handed them a contract. "It says we are full partners in Maria Miguel’s. 50/50 across the board." 
Miguel took the paper then hugged Rob. "Mi amigo," he said wiping his eyes. "You are familia amigo. We are all family here." 
Maria wiped tears from her eyes as she hugged Ellen. "Such a wonderful life… I have all because of you… You and Chef Rob." 
After a teary goodbye, Rob and Ellen left to shop for luggage.
Friday morning came nearly faster than they were ready for. Carrying the luggage to Carl's cab, Rob double-checked his pockets. 
"ID, passport, phone, cash…" 
Ellen sat their new bags on the landing as Rob took them down to the cab. Seeing nothing forgotten, they turned to the small group on the sidewalk. The staff, family and friends all took turns hugging with their goodbyes as Carl slid into the driver seat. 
"All aboard!" he called out through the passenger window. 
Rob hugged Miguel one last time before stepping into the cab. "You're the chef now Miguel. You keep doing what you've been doing. I have all faith in you." 
Miguel nodded, a tear in his eye. "Si amigo. I keep everything just as eet should be. Just like you teach me." 
Armando spoke up as Rob closed the door. "Me too chef! I keep it all ‘missing place’ too!" 
Rob rolled the window down as Ellen took her seat beside him. "I know you will little brother. You just remember to listen to Miguel. He's the chef now. That makes you the sous chef, just like you always wanted."
With a wave, Carl stepped on the gas and shot the car into the street. Arriving at the terminal gate, he parked at the curb and popped his trunk. Carrying the bags with Rob and Ellen to the counter, he found them a short line, waiting beside them for the last few minutes. 
 Rob gave the information to the cashier. She checked their IDs and printed the tickets. 
"Here you are sir. You'll be on United Flight 3677. The flight departs at 3:48, arriving in Washington, connecting to Austria 77 to Vienna. From there you will connect with Austria flight 853 to Amman, arriving at 2:55 pm Saturday afternoon. Your plane will be boarding in five minutes. Have a safe flight." 
Rob took the tickets, showing them to Ellen. "This is it, no turning back now," he said as they walked to the gate.
Pulling his arm close, she smiled. “Who would want to turn back? The best is yet to come. Remember, tomorrow is a… Brand New Day.”
They both laughed at the unintentional pun.
Rob turned to Carl shaking his hand. "Thanks for being such a friend Carl. We're going to miss you." 
Carl laughed to hide his sudden sadness. "I'm not leaving until I give this pretty lady a proper goodbye,” he said, giving Ellen a big hug. 
Tickling Faiths belly, he patted Ellen on the shoulder. "Your daddy would sure be proud of you today Elle'. Promise me you'll keep an eye out for trouble over there. You stay safe and don't teach that baby to dress like those Arab girls, she's too pretty to cover her face like that." 
Hugging him, Ellen laughed. "You stay safe too Carl. And don't forget, anytime you like, you are welcome to dine for free at Maria Miguel’s." 
Carl thanked her, told Rob goodbye and to keep Ellen and Faith safe and sound. With a wave, he made his way back to his cab.
Once on the plane, Ellen tucked Faith into a comfortable position. Rob put an arm around her as she sat back in her seat. 
"Here we go. We have a long ride ahead," he said, rubbing her neck. 
Ellen rubbed his leg. “I feel like the adventure of a lifetime lay ahead for us." 
Rob nodded. "So do I. Finally we’ve caught a break. Hopefully we can ride it out for a while." 
The plane's engines roared to life as it rocketed the gleaming 777 down the runway. Faith's tiny eyes went wide immediately. Ellen’s attention kept her silent as the plane rocked and shook across the tarmac. Ellen wondered what she must be thinking as her look turned to fear as the plane roared louder and faster. 
The rocking stopped suddenly as the wheels rose off the asphalt. Faith's eyes grew calmer as Ellen held her tiny hand under the warm cover. Rob relaxed as the seatbelt light went out. Clicking his belt off, he stretched out as the plane soared into the clouds.
Sipping bourbon from a window seat in the airport bar, The Unknown Caller watched their big jet streaking off into the sun. Thumbing his phone, he sent a text to George. 
"Anderson is coming to you now, and bringing his family too. They just left, arriving at AMM tomorrow at three. I will arrive three hours ahead of them." 
The Caller sat watching their plane get smaller in the distance as he sipped his bourbon.
His phone buzzed a fast reply. 
"Very interesting. It will be good to have you home again my old friend. Follow to their hotel. Then come to my house at 7 p.m. We will dine and relax in fine fashion. After dinner, I will explain my plans for our new friend Anderson."
To be continued
If you enjoyed this book (or even if not) please post a review and share your thoughts about the work. If you really enjoyed this book, there are more books in the series. The author truly thanks you for reading. 
More Brand New Day Series Books
Brand New Day:
Book 1 – Falling Apart
Book 2 – Coming Together
Book 3 – Square One
Book 4 – Trial By Fire
Book 5 – Ties That Bind
Book 6 – New Horizons

Author Bio
From the beaches to the mountain tops, Wren Rogers has traveled much of the country eating, drinking, cooking, bartending and writing. He currently lives, works and writes in Cincinnati Ohio. Cincy residents may be familiar with his work from his six year tenor as a featured writer for Cincy Vibe Magazine.
While currently residing in Cincinnati near to family, Wren often longs to permanently move back to the city he considers the “Best Damn Place to Live in the US”… Las Vegas Nevada.
“Of all the cities I’ve spent any amount of time in, Vegas is by far the very best (all things considered). If money was no object, certain cities in California come close. However, considering the lifestyle and cost of living, Vegas trumps the rest for me. Vegas is still the only city that enjoys a weekly calendar of all Saturdays. There simply are no weekdays there (and they have no idea what a sleepy Sunday afternoon or a dreadfully boring Monday night is). I dream near daily of a triumphant final return, yet still I live in the sharpest contrast to that wonderful desert town, cloudy Cincinnati.
Cincinnati doesn’t offer even a fraction of the food, music, entertainment, beauty or sunshine of Vegas, but it does have a few interesting characters and handful of hidden food gems. If you spend as many years here as I have, and you have the gumption to dig in the grime, you will discover them all eventually.  As far as the music, entertainment, beauty and sunshine… you needn’t bother attempting to compare as there isn’t any comparison to speak of. I know this well as over five years of my life was dedicated to discovering and writing about the music and food scene in and around Porkopolis. I’ve run the gamut of the cities diamonds and dives more times than I ever care to do again.
Writing magazine articles was a challenge compared to writing a novel. I had to spell out enough vivid detail to provide the reader with a total encompassing picture, yet keep it super-short and simple. Writing, cutting, reading, then cutting more, then finding ways to eliminate a few more words was standard with every issue. When you have a fixed number of characters to write in, things get tense quick. I learned to crop and trim every syllable possible, yet keep the power of the sentence intact. I learned to like it too. That short and sweet writing style has carried over into my novel series.
I prefer “Plain Speak” to poetic adjective laden prose. I prefer real life plot lines to fantastic impossible scenarios. I prefer stories about real people rather than zombies, vampires, superheroes or any other such imaginary character. I watch and read documentary’s almost exclusively. To me, the most interesting stories are about the weird, the strange and the unlikely. The downtrodden that against all odds manage to rise up. The little people, that either made good, or are still trying. Not to mention the ones that gave up and went criminal. I’m more interested in what’s cooking in the darkest corner of the most forgotten alley than I am about the newest burrito joint to occupy Downtown Main Street. I’d much rather listen to a local band than ever tune in to a top 40 artist. I’m a hopeless romantic happily rooting for the plain ole’ hopeless.
The Brand New Day series is my debut fiction work. Don’t let the category of “fiction” fool you. The BND series is one perspective of Cincinnati life many locals will find just a little-too-true to be dismissed as pure fiction. I based nearly all of the characters on real people. The streets and settings are mostly real as well. Even the descriptions of the food, businesses, landscapes and weather are accurate. I took great care to make the series factual as possible. You may be wondering… “Is there really a George, Rob and Ellen?” “Did these things really take place?” All I can say is, Yes. And No. Some did, some are a stretch of imagination. However, by percentage, more than less is entirely true.
In fact, all of the fiction I write could be loosely called “semi-documentary”. I imagine it always will be. I can’t wait to see what new novel series unfolds under my fingers when I finally decide to write a second work set in the greatest city that ever glimmered under a US sky… Las Vegas. There’s little need for fiction when writing about the people, chefs, bartenders, dealers, cabbies, crazies, comics and adventures that run rampant throughout that town. Of course I’d have to be there again to really dig deep and discover the details to get a story worth writing.
Writing the BND series took two hard years. Every evening from 6-midnight and every weekend from morning until dawn was spent on this work. To merit that effort on a second work, this first series must show promise and that isn’t easy for a no-name self-published author bobbing in a sea of ebooks that multiplies in swells daily.
My only hope is that the people who do bother to read my work will leave a review to attract others. Since reviews are basically all that can push a no-name little guy like me anywhere near the top, it’s all I can hope for. Considering that only my readers can leave reviews, in a very real sense, my entire literary future is in your hands... Now isn't that some shit?


