Break My Fall
Published by Chloe Walsh
Copyright 2014 by Chloe Walsh
All Rights Reserved. © 
Smashwords Edition. 

The right of Chloe Walsh to be identified as the Author of the work has been asserted by her in accordance with the Copyright and Related Rights Act 2000.
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means without the prior written permission of the publisher, nor be otherwise circulated in any form or binding or cover than that in which it is published and without a similar condition being imposed on the subsequent purchaser.

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Break my Fall. 
First published February 2014.
All rights reserved. ©
Cover photo licensed from Shutterstock Inc.
Editor: Y Crowley
Proofreader: Proofreading by the page



Disclaimer

This book is a work of fiction. All names, characters, places and incidents either are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.
The author acknowledges all songs titles, song lyrics, film titles, mentioned in this book are the property of, and belong to, their respective owners.
Chloe Walsh is in no way affiliated with any of the brands, songs, musicians or artists mentioned in this book.




Break My Fall
The Broken Series #1
by Chloe Walsh

Other books by Chloe Walsh
The Broken Series
Break My Fall #1
Fall To Pieces #2
Fall On Me #3
Forever We Fall #4
Carter Kids Series
Treacherous #1
Always #1.5
DiMarco Dynasty
DiMarco's Secret Love Child: Part One
DiMarco's Secret Love Child: Part Two
&
Blurring Lines

Contents

Copyright
Books by Chloe Walsh
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
About The Author

Chapter 1

Lee

I stood outside the red-bricked, two-story house on Thirteenth Street, and with any hope, my new home. Several similarly styled detached houses sat side by side on either side of the road. I was stalling. I knew I was.
The record-breaking heat wave was causing me to sweat profusely. Not an ideal look for an uninvited reunion, but it could not be helped. I had been sitting on a bus with no air conditioning for the past god knows how many hours, in one hundred degree temperatures. I was happy not to be dead. Sweat was the lesser evil. My desire to bathe overcame my nervousness. I braced myself, stepped forward and knocked. 
Muffled footsteps came from behind the white door. I could see someone approaching from the tinted glass panel in the center of the door but the distortion of the glass rendered it impossible as to see whom exactly. 
Please be her, please be her. 
The door swung open. "Lee? Oh my god, what are you doing here?" Relief flooded through me at the sight of Camryn Frey. She was as gorgeous as the last time I saw her, though much taller and more blonde now. I hadn't seen her since she moved away from Montgomery seven years ago but we had stayed in touch. I was praying for her mercy now–and her bathroom. "Get in here, girl." 
She grabbed me before I had a chance to respond and dragged me inside, encasing me in a massive bear hug. I forced my body to relax. I needed to calm down, I was in no danger now. "I can't tell you how good it is to see you, Cam," I told her, meaning every word more than she could ever know. "I actually need a place to stay, temporarily of course. I don't want to burden you. It would only be for a few weeks, until I can get a job and get on my feet. Will you help me, Cam?"  
She looked down at me smiling. "What kind of a dumbass question is that? Of course, I'll help you." Cam helped me with my bags. There were only two. That was all I could carry when I left. "So, let me guess. You finally got sick of the sticks and decided to join me in the land of the living?" I frowned at her words. I loved my hometown of Montgomery, Louisiana. I was a small town girl. Being here wasn't a choice. "Okay, okay. That was low," she conceded. "Just warn me if I'm gonna have your crazy-ass daddy banging on my door, looking for his baby girl anytime soon." 
A lot had changed since Cam had left. "Don't worry," I said. "Daddy isn't going to come looking for me."  
He would have to find me first. 
I followed Cam down a short hallway into what must be the kitchen/dining room. "Cool," she chuckled. "Because not even I am ready to face Jimmy Bennett right now."
"This is a real nice place, Cam." It was. The room was modest in size but the beautiful hand-carved oak cabinets taking up the entire wall from floor to ceiling on the left oozed expensive taste. A glass sliding door occupied the wall opposite the kitchen door, along with another row of oak cupboards that housed a stainless steel sink and glass top oven. Instead of ceiling high cabinets on that side, there was a window looking out onto a small patio garden. 
"Yeah, it's pretty sweet," Cam said. That was an understatement. The heavy kitchen table and chairs looked more expensive than everything in my father's house combined. Grabbing two bottles of water from the refrigerator, Cam beckoned me over to the table. "You're actually in luck, Lee. We have a spare room." 
 "We?" I asked as I sat down beside her, the back of the large chair swallowing me.
Cam grinned, passing me a bottle. She opened hers and took a swig. "I live with my boyfriend and his best friend. Well, we house share. They're pretty cool guys." 
Oh. "You share with boys?" 
Cam laughed out loud. "Jeez, Lee, you'd swear I just told you the devil was camped in the living room." I flushed. "Relax," she said. "Derek and Kyle are cool. Besides, they're hardly boys and they're the same age as me. We all go to CU. That's where we met. They are seniors like me, or at least we will be in September." 
The thought unsettled me. "Maybe this isn't such a great idea," I muttered as I opened my water and swallowed deeply, trying to push down the hot ball of anxiety rising in my chest. 
"This is the best idea you've had in years, Lee." Cam smiled and patted my shoulder. "I can't count the number of times I've asked you to come here. I still can't believe you are here." I could. It was thirty-four times. 
Cam had phoned me once a week since she moved away. We used to have to be careful to talk at certain times–usually late at night when my father had passed out. She had started asking me to come stay with her when I turned eighteen last October and every week since. Coming here was the most reckless thing I'd ever done, and the knowledge that I would be living with college men… Well, that scared the life out of me. "Yeah, this place is certainly different from home," I muttered. "I wasn't sure I had the right house until you answered the door. Are you sure they won't mind me being here, Cam?" 
She swatted her hand at me as if I had said something ridiculous. "It's not going to be a problem, Lee. I'm dating Derek, so he does what I tell him. And Kyle, he is always so busy with work and school that he's hardly here to begin with, so he won't care." Cam had never mentioned she was seeing a man she lived with. I could imagine the scandal that would cause back home. Although, to be fair, I tended to zone out when Cam brought up the topic of boys. She'd had more boyfriends than I could count… "Besides," she said excitedly. "You're gonna love it here. This place is the shit." 
I doubted it. Cam had regaled me with tales of her many adventures while living on the hill–all of which made me a little queasy. "Okay, if you're sure Derek and Kyle won't mind, then I would be very grateful for the room. I will pay of course. I plan on getting a job as soon as possible." 
Cam grinned and clapped her hands. "Excellent, now let me show you our crib." 
I stared blankly. "Crib?" 
Cam sighed in exasperation. "Damn, Lee, you're sheltered. Haven't you ever watched MTV?" 
I shrugged. I never watched television. The only set we had at home was in daddy's room. 
Cam stood up and left the kitchen with my bags. I got up and shuffled after her. "Mine and Derek's rooms are down the hall, along with a bathroom." I nodded and followed her up a wooden staircase. She stopped at the top of a narrow landing. It was simple and in style, painted in a soft shade of green with a few framed pictures of rock bands and one of the Rocky Mountains ordaining the walls. "This is your bathroom," Cam said, opening the lone door on the left. "You'll share with Kyle, who, by the way is pretty clean for a guy." My reluctance must have been obvious because Cam snorted. "Consider yourself lucky that your bedroom isn't downstairs. You only have to share with Kyle. I have to share the downstairs one with Derek and anyone who comes to visit. And believe me, you don't want to know about half the shit I've had to clean up." 
Holding the door open, she gestured for me to take a look. I blew out a breath when I stepped inside and the first word that came to my mind was swanky. Holy crap, it was like one of those bathrooms displayed in home design catalogues. I knew because I'd browsed through enough of them at work when I'd been passing the time in between serving customers. Yeah, Moe's gas station in Montgomery wasn't exactly the liveliest of places to work, but it had suited me…I missed it. 
Everything about this bathroom was modern, from the black marble tiles to the huge chrome shower. We only had a plain old tub at my daddy's house, so I was excited to take a shower in that beast. Following Cam back into the hallway, she pointed at two doors on the other side of the hallway. "The one on the right is Kyle's room. Expect a lot of traffic when he's home." 
"Traffic?"
Cam smirked. "Yeah, Kyle's a popular boy. He gets a lot of visitors. They're always looking for a little something from him." 
My brain went into overdrive as I pondered what Cam meant until I settled on drugs. 
Is that what she meant? 
Oh god, I hoped I wasn't moving into a room next to a pothead. Dammit, knowing my luck that's exactly who I was moving next door to. One of those scruffy college boys who spent their time sleeping in class and selling dope to pay for the privilege. I grabbed Cam's arm. "Do you mean what I think you mean?" I whispered, jerking my thumb towards his door. 
Cam shrugged, trying to stifle a laugh. "Relax, he's not home," she giggled, opening the bedroom door next to Kyle's-directly alongside Kyle's. "Are you planning on making any late night visits to his door?"
I shook my head, disgusted. "No, I want nothing to do with that scene."
"Then you will be fine. One look at that innocent face of yours and Kyle won't try anything."
Try anything? What could he try to do, drag me into his room and force-feed me drugs? 
Oh holy crap.
"Will you stop worrying and come see your new room?" she groaned, pulling me inside. "This room is never used and it's the smallest of the bedrooms, but it's decent."  
This room looked too nice to belong to a house full of college kids. My eyes took in the soft cream carpeting and long cream colored curtains that draped to the floor. A large window occupied the majority of the yellow painted wall opposite the door. A double bed with a white timber frame took up a large portion of the room, along with a matching wardrobe, bedside table and…"I get my own TV?" I blurted out the question when I noticed a flat screen television mounted on the wall opposite the bed. 
"Uh huh, don't get too excited though, it's just one of Kyle's old ones and it doesn't have cable. It does have a built in DVD player that works, so that's a bonus." 
Swinging around, I grabbed Cam for a hug. "Thank you so much, Cam." 
She squeezed me back. "Get some sleep, Lee. I'll see you in the morning." 
"Do you mind if I take a shower?" I called after her. 
"Go for it, babe," she replied before closing out the door. 
I stood for a moment breathing in the silence and allowing a small smile to creep across my face. 
I could relax, finally.


****


"Good morning," I said quietly as I walked into the kitchen. 
The shaved-headed man sitting at the table raised his brow in surprise. "Good morning to you. I take it you're the infamous Lee?" His razor sharp green eyes studied me and I began to fidget nervously. 
"Yes, and you're Kyle?" I asked, hating how meek my voice sounded. He threw back his head and laughed.
 What was so funny? 
"Nope, you have the wrong man, sweetheart. I'm Derek."
I blushed and muttered a half-hearted sorry.
He grinned broadly. "Don't be. Although when you meet Kyle, you'll wonder how you ever confused us. I'm far better looking." I wasn't sure what to say to that, so I just nodded. "So, Lee. Are you in town for business or pleasure?" 
"Oh, I'm…business. I need to find a job," I answered, fumbling on my words. Derek stood up from the table and I automatically took a step back. 
Breathe. Just breathe... 
"Well, yesterday's paper is on the table if you want to take a look through it. Cam's already gone out and I'd offer to give you a tour, but I'm late for work," he said as he rinsed his cup and placed it in the sink. 
I tucked my tangled curls behind my ears. "Oh, thank you. I will check that out." 
Derek walked right up to me and I automatically backed away. He furrowed his brow, regarding me with a hurt expression. "I'm not a rapist, you know," he snapped. "I need to get into the fridge. You're blocking my way." 
I jerked away from where I was standing. "I'm sorry," I mumbled. "I don't think you're a…that."
Derek didn't say anything for a moment as he pulled out a container of food. "If you see Cam, tell her I had to go into work early." 
I nodded. "Okay." 
He regarded me once more, before blowing out a breath and muttering something about a nodding dog. I waited for the front door to slam before I released my breath. I needed to get a handle on this. 
I had made it. 
I was safe. 
I was free.


****


 I pushed open the heavy glass door and stepped into the foyer of The Henderson Hotel. The paper Derek had left in the kitchen advertised a job opening in the housekeeping department, so here I was. I had been all over downtown Boulder looking for work, but to no avail. The sheer size of the city made me want to crawl into the ground. It was a miracle I had stayed calm. Crowds made me nervous.
Slapping on my bravest smile, I approached the impressive oval-shaped desk on the other side of the spacious lobby. A middle-aged, blonde woman in a sharp navy shirt looked up from behind the desk as I approached. She stared at me for a moment, her eyebrows raised. "Can I help you, Hun?" Her voice was raspy, like she smoked twenty cigarettes a day for a few years too many.
I sucked in a deep breath. "Yes, my name is Lee Bennett and I would like to apply for the housekeeping job advertised in the paper." 
The woman's gaze held a smidgen of sympathy. "Sorry, Hun. We don't hire high school kids. Too unreliable. Besides, there are application procedures you need to go through to secure an interview." 
I blanched. My heart sank a little. "I'm not in high school." I stood a little taller, trying my best to look more grown up. "I can promise I'm a hard worker and very reliable."
She nodded her head in what seemed consideration. "You starting college soon?" she asked. "Because the boss isn't interested in college kids, either. He needs staff who are serious about their job and are committed."
Her straight-laced attitude put me at ease. Straight talking I understood, it was insinuations and code talk that I didn't. I smiled at her. "I'm not going to college and have no plans to, ma'am. I just moved to Boulder and need a job. I can promise you that I am serious." 
She leaned forward a little, her gaze drifting over me. "Do you have any experience in housekeeping?" 
 "I have experience in serving, till work and I keep a clean house. I am a real fast learner." 
After a pause her face broke out into a wide grin. "Perfect, you're hired." 
"I am, just like that?" Thank god. 
"Just like that," she confirmed with a smile.
I beamed at her. "Thank you so much, ma'am."
"Come on back here, sweetheart, and let's get you set up. The name's Linda, by the way." 
I followed Linda through the door behind the counter, amazed at how easy this had been.
 

****

Kyle


"Aren't you even going to consider my offer? It's what's best for the company, Kyle." I stared at the man sitting in front of me. He looked exactly like me–thirty years into the future. 
"Nope," I replied, shifting my legs onto my desk. That irritated him. Good. Let the bastard squirm. I folded my arms across my chest just to make a further point. 
"Why do you have to be so fucking awkward? I'm only trying to help you out, son." 
I had to clench my fists to keep myself from knocking him out. "It's a little late to be calling me that. Why don't you go focus your attention on that shit stain son of yours, and let me take care of myself?"
His face reddened and I could tell he was losing his cool facade. "You stupid little shit," he hissed. "You know what your problem is? You're too goddamn proud to ask for help." 
I smirked, relishing in the fact that I was annoying the crap out of him and he was showing his true colors. "Let's just cut the crap here, David. You're pissed that your dear old daddy entrusted me with his empire and not you." That’s exactly what this little intervention was about. 
David slammed his chair back and leaned over my desk. "You're going to destroy everything he built," he snarled. "You're a fucking kid. You haven't even graduated from college. You don't know the first thing about running this place, nor will you have the time once you go back to school. He was my father. This should have been mine." 
Ah finally, a little truth. I was wondering when he would admit it. I slipped my legs off the desk and leaned towards him. "It sucks when your father lets you down, doesn't it…Dad?"


****

Chapter 2 

Lee


I should have known coming here was a bad idea from the get-go. Parties were not my thing. This was my first one, actually. Leaving home and moving across the country was–most definitely–coming back to bite me in the butt. The Hill was a million light years away from the world I had left behind.
I was shy. I kept myself to myself. Cam was my polar opposite–vivacious and wildly spontaneous. This party had her name stamped all over it and I knew I didn't have a hope of escaping. As I walked into the bedroom Cam had allocated to me, I realized a drunk couple already occupied it. I should have locked my door. I would in future.  
"Heads up, Lee." I turned just in time to receive a beach ball in the face. I glared at the perpetrator whose face was newly familiar to me. Derek Porter. 
From the brief amount of time we had spoken this morning, I'd gathered he was a joker. "Excuse me, Derek," I muttered as I moved past him. I needed some space. Outside in the back garden was not much better but at least I wasn't in danger of beach ball attacks, or food fights. Were these people really over twenty-one? I felt forty beside them. 
"Will you lighten up and have some fun?" I heard Cam say from behind me. 
I turned around and watched as Cam approached me in all her partial naked glory. I took in the skimpy, beige stretch dress she wore, that barely covered her girly parts. I cringed for her. The color of her dress complimented her sun-kissed skin and long blonde hair. She was stunning to the eye. I could never wear anything so short and revealing. I hadn't worn a dress since the second grade. I looked frumpy beside her–still in the white shirt and black pants I'd worked in. I discreetly pulled my long dark hair from its ponytail. 
My curls, now a tangled mess, flowed down my back. My black sneakers were worn but clean and were staying securely on my feet. God knows what could be on the ground at a party like this with all these drunk people. "I can't help it," I growled. "I'm not used to this, Cam. I'm exhausted and I have to get some sleep." 
I was supposed to start my shift at seven in the morning. The hotel was uppity on a large scale, scattered with two bars and two restaurants on the ground floor. Thankfully, I was upstairs cleaning the rooms. There were sixty-one bedrooms, twelve on each floor and the honeymoon suite on the eighth and top floor. Linda said the hotel was just one in a chain of twenty across the country and the pay was great at eleven dollars an hour. 
I'd worked my first ten-hour shift today and it was good. The other staff seemed friendly, especially one of the bartenders whom I had met on my break. I think his name was Mike. The only downside to my new job was the uniform. Linda had called me into her office at the end of my shift and handed me a bundle of clothing covered in plastic wrapping and a name tag. I had taken it out of the packaging and gaped at the indecent length. For the first time in my life, I had thanked Jesus for being short. A fitted black dress was to be my uniform from tomorrow on. I predicted my pinafore would fall just above my knees. Hopefully... 
I was definitely not the type of girl who could dress skimpily. I smoothed down my t-shirt at the back. The thought of showing too much skin made me self-conscious. I knew I had been damn lucky to get the job. My only previous experience in the workforce had been as a cashier at Moe's Gas Station in Montgomery. However, my abrupt departure two months ago meant I couldn't exactly call on Moe for a reference. I hadn't seen my old boss, or stepped foot inside the building since my father's…decision to have me quit. 
"Lee, I know you're not used to parties and crowds, but could you please try and enjoy yourself. This is for you." Cam batted her big, baby blues at me and I wanted to strangle her. This was so not for me. "Oh come on, dry balls, let's have a shot," she said when I made no attempt to answer her. 
Grabbing my shoulders, she led me back to the kitchen and poured some black liquor from a bottle into a pair of glasses. "To your fresh start," she said as she smiled at me and clicked her glass against mine. 
"Cheers," I muttered begrudgingly, and tipped the foreign substance to my lips. I was not a drinker. My only experience had been when I was twelve and Cam had swiped a bottle of daddy's whiskey. I had been so sick afterwards, and when daddy caught us I was punished so badly. I hadn’t touched a drop since. However, the appeal of fitting in for once in my life swayed me and I swallowed it. The taste burned my throat and my eyes watered.
"Yeah, that's it girl, chug it back," Cam cheered, flicking her long blonde hair behind her shoulder. 
I spluttered, holding my hand across my mouth. She filled another shot of the black stuff and this time I swallowed it without choking.



****


Kyle


This was not the early night I had planned. There were people all over the house and I felt unusually unsociable. Most of the time I enjoyed a good party, but after the last couple of days of bullshit I had put down, I just wanted to crash. I had been in New York all week and had stopped by the office on my way home tonight. It was just as well I had because my nosy fuck of a father was snooping around again. Christ, he was like a dog with a bone. It had been over eighteen months. He needed to accept my grandfather's decision. 
Hell, I needed to accept my grandfather's decision. 
My roommate, Cam, had phoned me at the office earlier with some sob story about a friend of hers needing a dig out. I had a spare room at the house so I gave her the go-ahead. To be honest, I hadn't paid much attention to the conversation. I'd been too busy dealing with dear old dad. Cam and her crazy-ass drama had been the furthest thing from my mind. I was, however, curious as to whom this Lee dude was. Cam had seemed really excited that the guy was moving in, but with Cam, you never knew what to expect. She knew her fair share of creepy bastards. 
She'd promised on the phone that Lee would pay rent–like it was a deal breaker for me or something–but I couldn't give two shits about the money. It wasn't an issue for me. 
I owned the house outright, had –without knowing–since freshman year of college. My grandfather had led me to believe I was leasing the place. Character building had been his intention, I guessed. I hadn't discovered the place my mine until his will was read. He'd bought it when I started at C.U. 
Cam and Derek lived here because they were friends, not because I needed extra cash. The old man had left me well cushioned. They had been my roommates from day one and their being here gave my life some semblance of normality. I could act my age around them and just be a normal twenty-two year old guy, and not the owner and CEO of a fucking multi-million dollar corporation. I kept the house minimalistic in its appearance because of this fact. I wanted a normal damn life. The life I had before my grandfather went and fucking died on me, leaving me in the driving seat of his empire.
Scanning the room, my eyes zoomed in on the tiny brunette standing next to Cam. 
Holy shit, she was something else. 
Her small, heart-shaped face was partially concealed by a dark head of curls. I focused on those curls and the way they hung over her tits. Damn, what a pair she had. Even in the boring white shirt she wore, it was easy to tell she'd been blessed in the breast department. Her narrow waist cinched in the middle, curving out to form the sexiest pair of hips I had ever seen. Her pants were snug on her and I could only imagine what her body looked like, minus the clothes. Now those were the curves of a real woman. She wasn't a matchstick like most of the girls I knew. 
She radiated healthiness. 
My eyes slipped to her waist again. Fuck, I could think of nothing else but burying myself between those goddamn hips. I took a double look at her and my cock twitched. I had a fucking semi from just looking at her. 
Derek, who was standing beside me, noticed who I was staring at and chuckled. "That's her, man. Isn't she something?" 
I looked at him with narrowed eyes. I was feeling oddly possessive. Shit, looking back at her, I was ready to beat my fists against my chest and stake a claim on this girl. "That's who?" I asked. "Who is she?"
 Derek pointed to where Cam and little miss titties were standing. "Our new roommate. Cam's latest rescue baby." I gaped at Derek and he burst into a fit of laughter. 
I was in shock. 
Damn, she was beautiful. 
"Lee is a she," I pointed out. I knew right then that Rachel was going to flip out. I was under strict orders as to what and who I could do, and hell, this girl was going to cause a few problems for me. 
Derek grinned shaking his head. "And what a she, she is."  


****


Lee


This was not a good idea. 
Five shots in and I was a little worse for wear. At least the party wasn't bothering me anymore. 
Nothing was bothering me now. 
I felt a presence behind us. "Oh, baby, you softened the ice queen," I heard Derek say.
"I resent that," I managed to slur as I glared at him. He had nicknamed me ice-queen after our first meeting this morning. I had obviously offended him, but he didn't know a thing about me, or why I was the way I was. Derek obviously didn't care for my standoffishness. I wasn't a naturally cold person, but life had dealt me some crappy cards, and experience had taught me to guard myself. Especially around men. After all, my father was the perfect role model for the type of man I needed to stay away from.
Cam giggled and cooed when Derek wrapped his arms around her… and then they began to suck face. I flamed in embarrassment. This was not something I was used to seeing. Ever. "Get a room," I grumbled, leaning over the kitchen counter for support. This was all so new to me. I had never been allowed to date one boy, let alone live with two. 
My father had been strict in the extreme. The only place I was allowed to go to, besides school, was my job. I had no friends and people tended to avoid me. Well, everyone except Cam. She had lived next door to me until I was twelve, and even though she was three years older than me, we had been inseparable as children. Our parents had been friends until my momma died and my daddy changed. Cam had known my situation and had stayed friends with me anyway. She had been my lifeline in a world of isolation. That meant a lot to me, more than she would ever realize.
I felt someone press against me and I tensed. Pushing closer to the counter to make room for them to pass, I urged my body to relax and I inhaled slowly. I was a nervous wreck after what happened back home and I tried so carefully each day since to stay in the background. I never wanted to be called a tease again…
Breath on the side of my neck made me jump. "You gonna share that?" a deep husky voice said, as a male arm swooped around me and grabbed the bottle of whatever the hell it was in front of me. 
"It's all yours," I muttered. I turned to move out of his way and stopped dead in my tracks. Whoa, maybe it was the alcohol, or maybe I was turning into a PG version of Cam, but damn, the guy in front of me was incredible. I took in his gray suit pants and half-buttoned white shirt. My god, he was well built. Arching my neck to see his face, I gasped.  
A head of dark, unruly hair framed his face. His eyes were a striking shade of deep ocean blue, seductive and entrancing, with long dark eyelashes and perfect eyebrows. His eyes danced with humor and his full lips turned up into a half smile, exposing the cutest dimple in his cheek. It was more than cute. It was…hot. I was drunk, but not drunk enough not to notice him. Good Lord, he was beautiful. Did boys like him really exist? I thought I might be imagining him. 
He smiled crookedly and lifted the bottle up. "You wanna take a shot with me, sweetheart?" The huskiness of his voice made him sound dangerous, yet he was soft spoken…an enigma. His voice was spine tingling and very sexual. Not that I knew much about that, but a girl could guess. 
 "Uh…" was all I said, all I could say. No guy had ever asked me to do anything with him, well except for Perry Franklin who had asked me to senior prom. Sneaking out to go to prom was a decision I would regret for the rest of my life. What surprised me now, was the fact that I wasn't afraid of the boy in front of me. Well, boy was the wrong choice of word to describe him. He was all man. One hundred percent.
He turned his head to the side, his eyes studying me. Frowning, he asked, "Do you speak?" 
Oh fantastic, he thought I was slow. "Yes," I said. My voice came out little more than a whisper. He smiled down at me and leaned closer. I arched back until I was flush against the counter behind me. My body burned with heat. Good grief, I was on fire. What was happening to me? 
Smiling, he asked, "Yes, to a drink with me, or yes, you can speak?" He was flirting with me. I knew enough to at least know that. However, this guy was way out of my league. He could eat me up for breakfast. I was not going to encourage him. I couldn't handle him.
"Both," I said. Wait, I shouldn't have said that. I slapped my hand over my mouth in surprise and he chuckled, eyes twinkling, exposing that damn dimple again. 
Music was pumping from the stereo in our living room, but I swear I could hear my heart hammering above it, I wondered if he could, too. Pressing close enough to my body that I could count the abs beneath his shirt, he reached over my head and pulled two glasses from the cupboard. As he poured our drinks, I concentrated on keeping my breathing even. This was the closest a man had been to me in a while, and my body seemed to be awakening from eighteen years of hibernation. 
Handing me a glass, he clinked it with his. "Cheers," he drawled and tipped his glass back. My legs weakened as I watched his throat move as he swallowed. He looked at me expectantly. I cleared my throat and tipped my drink back, gulping it down sloppily. 
He took my glass from me and I reached around to hold the counter for support. A drop of liquor trickled from my chin to my throat. I watched him watch me. His gaze flickered from my eyes to my neck. He smiled darkly. A low growl escaped his throat.
Oh Sweet Jesus…
He dipped his head to my neck and I felt something hot and wet sweep across my throat. Lifting his head, his piercing blue eyes locked on mine. "Hmm, sweetest fucking shot I've ever tasted." 
I stood staring at him with my mouth hanging open. I didn't know what to say. 
Did he just lick me? 
I could vaguely hear wolf whistles in the background, but my focus was completely on him. He poured me another shot and pressed it into my hand. "Drink," he ordered.
I held the glass with trembling hands and brought it to my mouth. I could barely concentrate, he was pressed so close to me. I felt something hard nudge my belly and I reddened with realization. He smirked, noticing my train of thought. I tossed my drink back quickly, ignoring the burning in my throat. There was a far hotter fire burning deep in my belly.
He moved quickly. One of his hands swooped around to clasp the back of my neck, while the other clenched my hip. I opened my mouth in surprise and he lowered his head, crushing his lips against mine. He growled against my lips and I swear I nearly melted. 
Holy Mary Mother of God. 
I couldn't breathe. I was drowning in him. I should be afraid of this–of him–but the only emotion bubbling to the surface was desire. 
My body betrayed my sensible nature and my arms wrapped around his neck, squeezing him closer to me. I strained my head up towards him. He was so much taller than me that it was a struggle to reach him. His lips were soft but demanding, and when his tongue invaded my mouth, I forgot where I was. I forgot who I was. 
I stroked my tongue against his, not sure if I was doing it right. I guessed I was because he groaned and dug his fingers into my hip. My hands gripped his hair, pulling him any which way, I didn't know. I clung to him, my knees weakened and I sagged in his arms. 
He sucked on my lip, running his tongue across my lip before probing deep inside my mouth. I bet he could touch my tonsils with that tongue of his. When he stroked the roof of my mouth, I cried out embarrassingly loud. His hand moved from my neck to clutch my throat. That move should have scared me, but instead it was thrilling. My body responded to his touch, my breasts tightened and I pressed closer to him. The hard muscles in his broad shoulders tensed under my touch. 
Somewhere in my mind, I knew this was bad. This was everything I wanted to leave behind, but my body was in control, and my body wanted him – more of him. I moaned into his mouth and he held me tighter. His hands moved to my waist and he hoisted me onto the counter, his lips never parting mine.
Mmm, this was much better. 
He pushed my legs apart and stepped between them. One of his hands curled under my shirt and I felt myself dampening down there as he used his other hand to drag me roughly towards him.
In the next moment he wrenched away from me. I whimpered from the lack of contact, scrambling to clear my frantic mind. 
"What the hell do you think you are doing?" I opened my eyes to see very angry redhead standing between us. She looked at blue eyes with disgust and then turned to glare at me with a look of pure poison. 
He merely shrugged as he stared at me, wiping the corner of his mouth with his fingers. I blushed scarlet. Reaching past me, he grabbed a bottle of beer and then leaned towards my ear. "Best fucking shot ever," he whispered. 
I just sat there, mouth open, staring at his back as he left the room with the redhead hot on his heels. 
"I said enjoy yourself, but Kyle? Aside from the fact that he is your roommate and that's all shades of messed up, the guy is beyond complicated. What were you thinking?" Cam asked as she slouched beside me. 
I had no answer for her. 
I had no answer for myself. 
My mind was frozen on the fact that Cam had said the sex god was Kyle. 
Oh my god, I just made out with my roommate. 
Cam stared at me for a while longer and then shook her head. "Stay away from him, Lee. He has some weird thing going on with that nasty bitch. Girls like you aren't cut out for guys like him. We'll talk about this later." With that, she turned and headed back outside. 
Girls like me? 
What was that supposed that mean? 
Was I so plain that a guy like Kyle couldn't be interested in me? Yeah sure, I wasn't as tall or as skinny as Cam and the redhead, but dammit, I wasn't ugly. 
I needed to get out of here. 
I slid off the counter and made my way through the crowded hallway on shaky legs. I climbed the staircase quickly, silently praying my bedroom was now vacant. If not, I was grabbing a pillow and sleeping in the damn bathroom. The guests could pee in the street for all I cared. Voices in the upstairs landing, halted me in my tracks. 
"Don't 'Rachel' me, Kyle Carter. Who the fuck is she?" a female voice all but screamed. I stopped at the mention of his name and listened. 
"She just moved in, Rachel. She's a friend of Camryn's, from down south. Fuck, why am I explaining myself to you? Her being here has nothing to do with me," I heard him answer. 
Oh my god, was she his girlfriend? 
Did I just make out with another girl's boyfriend? 
"Because you promised me, Kyle. You swore to me after everything that happened. You owe me." 
What happened last time and what did he owe her? 
"And I will keep that promise. Rachel, she is nothing to me, but don't pretend that you own me, sweetheart, because until that day comes, I'm a free man," Kyle said, enunciating the word 'nothing' clearly.
I didn't want to hear anymore. 
I climbed the rest of the steps. Kyle and the redhead were standing close together and both turned to face me. I blushed when I met their surprised gazes. "Excuse me," I muttered as I brushed past them and half-ran to my bedroom door. I opened the door and was relieved to find it dark and empty. I dared one last peek at the pair, who were now entering the bedroom next to mine. 
I guess that's what Cam meant by 'traffic.' He wasn't a pothead. He was a bed-hopper.
"Keep walking, little girl," Rachel spat as she stormed into his bedroom. 
I blushed and my eyes met Kyle's. He was standing at his bedroom door, looking at me curiously. I tore my eyes away from his and darted inside my room. 
Locking my door, I climbed fully clothed into my bed, but sleep never came, not with the loud moans coming from the room next door.  


****

Kyle


"You better mean it, Kyle. I'm not messing around. You know the rules," Rachel huffed. Storming into my room, she stripped off her scrap of a dress and my stomach churned. 
It always happened when I saw that scar on her stomach. I cringed. Of course I fucking meant what I said. I wasn't the type of man who broke promises. Rachel Grayson had my balls nailed to the wall. I was trapped and she knew it, but I'd be damned if I'd regret kissing little miss titties.
Jesus, I was rock hard still thinking about her. 
Yeah, I knew the rules and so did Rachel. I fucked who I wanted and so did she. It wasn't an exclusive arrangement, so why did it bother her when I kissed Lee? The taste of her was still in my mouth and even the sound of her name in my head made me horny. But the hurt look in her eyes in the hallway made my stomach flip. 
Fuck. 
Why did that even concern me? I was like a robot. I didn't feel things for girls–other than wanting to get them naked. I'd closed off those emotions years ago when I experienced first-hand the way women really worked. But her sad face… Shit, I was getting soft. 
God, she was beautiful, but young, too young for the likes of me. 
Why did she look so sad? 
She didn't know me and if she did, she wouldn't want to. 
I was a waster, a fucking genius with numbers and figures, but I hurt anyone who got too close to me. It was a supreme talent of mine. Just look at the girl standing in front of me now. I shuddered when I thought of all the ways I had hurt her. 
Things I could never fix. 
"I'm here with you, aren't I?" I muttered.
Rachel walked over to me and rested her hands on my hips. "Are you? Are you really here with me, Kyle?" 
I pulled my shirt over my head. "Yeah." I pulled her into my arms. "I am."


****

Lee


I was never drinking again. 
An out of tune marching band was banging around in my head all day long and I honestly didn't know how I wasn't fired, because I had vomited–loudly–in two of the bathrooms I was supposed to clean. 
I had been close to a panic attack when I got dressed for work this morning. My uniform was so tight around my chest that I was in fear of bursting the seams. The length wasn't much better, falling a good two inches above my knees. However, I was covered in the important areas, so I focused on that slightly positive piece of information.



****



It was after ten before I got home from the hotel. I went straight to my room and changed into my pajamas before heading downstairs to the kitchen. The sound of voices coming from inside the living room made my heart flutter. I rushed past the closed door in my bid to get a coffee. 
The kitchen was spotless. Cam must have cleaned up most of the post-party mess and I was grateful. I didn't think I could deal with the smell of stale beer. My stomach still felt raw from the amount I drank last night. I boiled the kettle and leaned over the counter while I waited. Instant coffee was going to have to do. I didn't have the energy to prepare anything more lavish. The living room door opened and I heard voices. 
I groaned, hoping they weren't going to have another party tonight. I wasn't used to the party lifestyle, wasn't used to these kinds of people. Cam's voice called from the living room. "You back, Lee?" 
 I debated whether to answer before deciding not to. I had gone to bed quickly last night after the whole 'Kyle incident,' and when I left for work this morning she was still asleep. I couldn't answer her questions any more than I could answer my own. 
I was appalled at myself. 
Cam had been right about one thing. I needed to stay away from Kyle. He had a very weird thing indeed going on with Rachel and I didn't want to get in the middle of it. They were so strange. They didn't behave like boyfriend and girlfriend... 
Louder shuffling from the doorway made me realize I had no luck. 
I kept my back to her and prepared my coffee. So, she was waiting for me to bring it up. Great. I took a deep breath and with my coffee cup in my hand I turned to face her. My heart dropped when I realized it wasn't Cam who had walked into the kitchen. 
It was Kyle. 
He leaned against the doorframe with his arms folded across his chest, his face set in a deep frown. I jumped and my cup slipped from my hand, shattering against the kitchen tiles. 
"Jesus," he muttered as he strode towards me. He slipped his hands around my waist and literally lifted me off the ground, moving me away from the broken glass. His touch warmed me and I shuddered. He moved his hands away from me quickly. "You burned?" he asked as he stepped back from me. 
I shook my head. 
He nodded and let out a sigh. Walking across the kitchen, he grabbed a broom and dustpan from beside the back door.  "What are you doing here?" I managed to squeeze out as I watched Kyle sweep up the broken glass. He was dressed much more casually tonight. His black t-shirt rode up his back while he bent, and the small strip of tanned skin peeking out from his shirt made my face flame. 
Kyle did dangerous things to a pair of jeans. 
I didn't know if I was turned on or embarrassed. I guessed both. To be honest, he blew me away. 
He tossed the glass in the waste bin and turned to face me. "I live here," he said simply. "Besides, I never miss Thursday night poker with Cam." He smiled fondly when he said Cam's name. They must be friends. Close friends. 
Jealousy swirled inside me. 
Had they done stuff together, other than poker? Cam had a reputation and so did Kyle by the sounds of it. I frowned at the thought. Maybe he was more Derek's friend? Cam had said he and Derek were best friends…
I didn't care. 
I shouldn't care.
 Kyle smiled and leaned against the counter–the same counter as last night. "I was away for a few days, didn't know we had a new roommate. You know Cam well? I'm Kyle, by the way." His smile was friendly, but his eyes were guarded. I wasn't sure what to make of him. He was behaving as if he hadn't kissed me last night…maybe he didn't remember? He could have been drunk. 
I eyed him nervously. "Uh, yeah. I just moved here from Louisiana. I've known Cam my whole life. We used to live next door to each other. She moved away when I was twelve, but we kept in touch. I'm Lee." I held out my hand, but he made no move to shake it. Instead, he studied my outstretched hand and burst out laughing. He was laughing at me and worse, his laugh was making me blush. My cheeks reddened with embarrassment. 
What was so funny?
 "It's a little late for formalities, princess, considering I was closely acquainted with your mouth last night." 
Princess? 
What a jerk. 
"My name is Lee. I would appreciate it if you addressed me by my Christian name," I growled through gritted teeth. My anger only made Kyle laugh more. 
"Princess it is then." He ran his hand carelessly through his dark hair. It looked amazing, tousled in such a sexy way. Good grief, what was happening to me? I was drooling over a man who obviously seemed to enjoy tormenting me. 
"How well do you know Cam?" I snapped, partially because I wanted to change the subject, but mostly because I was desperate to know if he had been one of Cam's flings.
His mood changed quickly, from mischievous to cool. "Careful, princess," he said coldly. "Keep talking like that and I'm gonna think you're jealous, and there's nothing worse than desperation in a woman." 
 "Desperate?" I could think of things a lot worse, like my foot up his butt. I was appalled at his accusation. "You're the one who kissed me last night and then took a completely different girl into your bed with you."  
He grinned widely. His dimple deepened. 
What a dog. 
His eyes darkened as he prowled towards me. Standing in front of me, I felt tiny. He was at least six-two if not more. At five-two, I was a midget compared to him. "And you enjoyed every second of me kissing you, didn't you, princess? Are you upset I didn't take you to into my bed?" He stroked the space between my breasts with his finger. "Because I can render that, right now." 
I gaped at him, backing up closer to the table. "My God, you are in love with yourself." I laughed humorlessly. "Believe me, Kyle, not every girl in the world wants to fall into bed with you. I happen to have more respect for myself than to crawl into a bed that was occupied a few hours ago." I couldn't believe I was saying all of this, but his cockiness irritated me, and if I was honest, turned me on.
Stepping further into my personal space, he snuck out a hand and brushed a piece of my hair back from my face. I wobbled and leaned against the table for support. "You sure about that, princess?" His fingers trailed from my temple to my chin, causing my body to shiver. "Because your body seems to disagree." He tipped my chin up towards him. His blue eyes pierced through me and my eyes fluttered closed, my lips parted. I felt his lips touch against mine ever so gently, but he wasn't kissing me…he was challenging me…My heart rate spiked and my breath quickened. He ran his tongue across my lower lip and I caved. 
I pressed my lips hard against his, wanting him to feel as disturbed by me as I was by him. Kyle's tongue slipped into my mouth and I groaned in unfamiliar pleasure. My hands snaked around his neck as he hoisted me onto the table. Spreading my legs, he grabbed my hips and pulled me roughly against him. Kyle's lips moved to my neck and I was lost in the moment, pressed against his hard chest of muscle… 
The sound of him chuckling brought me down to earth with a bang. I gasped and pushed him away from me, disgusted with myself for my weakness. 
What was wrong with me?
 He rubbed his lower lip with his thumb and smirked. "You keep telling yourself you don't want me, princess. See how long that lasts." He moved towards the door and I felt like throwing something. 
"I wouldn't sleep with you, if you… If you… I just wouldn't, okay," I shouted. 
That made him laugh harder as he sauntered out of the kitchen. Pausing at the door, he turned and grinned. "I always change my sheets, princess. Just thought you should know that." He shrugged innocently. "You know, for when you crawl into my bed." 



****

Kyle


Christ, she was a curvy ball of temptation. 
I nearly lost it when I saw her barefoot in my kitchen. Her peachy ass looked damn fine in those pajama shorts. I couldn't wait for her to give in. It would only be a matter of time. I could feel her want when I had my tongue down her throat–her hard nipples pressing against me, her wanton moaning and groaning… 
I had to have her. 
"Dude, you want me to deal you in?" Derek asked as soon as I walked into the living room. 
Derek, Cam, Mo and Dixon were sat in a circle around our coffee table playing poker. I usually played, but tonight I couldn't focus and a man needed to be on form when playing Cam. That little shark could fleece the best of them. Shaking my head, I plopped down on the couch and began flicking through the channels, but my head wasn't in it. It was upstairs in Lee's room, imagining her undressing…Fuck. I shifted, arranging myself against my jeans. 
Jesus, she was going to be bad for my health. 
Cam looked up from her cards and eyed me suspiciously. "Well, well, well, aren't you grinning like the cat who got the cream?" she mused.
I hadn't realized I was grinning. I shrugged uncomfortably. I was pleased with myself though. I had felt guilty over the way I treated her last night, and strangely off-kilter, but after her little princess tantrum in the kitchen, I was more amused than anything. The nickname was staying.
 "Was that Lee I heard in the kitchen with you?" Derek asked as he tossed a card down on the table. Cam's eyes tightened and she glared at me.
"Oh, man, is that your new roommate's name?" Mo asked. "Because, hot damn, she's fine." 
"Cat that got the cream," Dixon scoffed. "More like the cream got the pussy."  The guys cracked up laughing. 
I was on my feet and had the bastard by the throat. "Watch your fucking mouth." Cam stood, her eyes narrowed at me as she nodded towards the hallway. She stalked out and I dropped my hand. "Keep your perverted thoughts to yourself," I warned him before following Cam out to the hall. 
That creep made my skin crawl. 
Mo was all right, but Dixon was just another example of Cam's poor choice in friends. Speaking of Cam, she was now glaring at me like I stole her last condom. 
What in the hell? 
"Stay away from her, Kyle," Cam said quietly. "She's vulnerable." 
I studied Cam for a minute. Shit, she looked serious. "Cam, you're looking at me like I'm the spawn of Austin Powers, Christ, I'm not a serial womanizer." 
She smirked. "Aren't you?" 
Okay, fair point. My past was pretty colored, but then so was Cam's. 
Sighing, she looked me straight in the eyes. "Look, Kyle, all I'm saying is Lee is sheltered and new to the city. She's not used to our lifestyle and doesn't need the drama that comes from being with you." Well, that was a warning if there ever was one. No girl deserved the drama that came from being with me. "Lee's a good girl and she has had a really shitty life. I don't know why she chose to come to me, but I'm glad she did. She needs my help, Kyle, and I don't want her to run again." 
Okay, point taken. 
I had never heard Cam talk so passionately about anyone before, not even Derek. Lee was important to her and she was running from something. 
What was she running from? 
A weird possessive feeling came over me. Shit… "So, in other words, don't touch her?" I muttered, stomping down on my disappointment.
Cam smiled sweetly. "Exactly. Well, you can be friends with her, but be a doll and try to keep it in your pants. That girl is nothing like us." Cam patted my shoulder. "She needs this place right now. More than you know. So just be gentle with her."
 Be her friend. 
Keep it in my pants.
 "I can do that," I promised and I hoped that I could. 


****


 Chapter 3

Lee


I touched my hands to my mouth. 
My face flamed as I thought about Kyle kissing me. 
Never in my life had I been kissed like that. 
I heard footsteps approach, so I grabbed my bowl and spoon from the table and moved to the sink to clean up. I felt guilty enough having barged in on my roommates, without eating their food as well. I didn't usually eat at the house. My meals were free at work, but I was starving when I woke up this morning. I had some change in tips and decided I would go grocery shopping after work this evening. Drying my bowl, I turned to put it the press, freezing on the spot when I took in Kyle's half-naked body. 
He was standing in the doorway of the kitchen, dressed only in black pants. He was waving a white shirt in front of him. I hadn't seen him three days and I was drooling. My breath hitched as my gaze locked on his chest, his pecs, those abs, that dusting of hair from his belly button, trailing under his pants…"I think we may have gotten off to a bad start," he said, grinning sheepishly. "So, how about a truce?" 
I couldn't stop the nervous giggle that escaped my throat. I wanted to stay angry with him, but he was making that close to impossible standing there waving his 'white flag.' I forced my eyes away from his ribbed stomach and pulled my nightdress down, suddenly feeling very naked. Even though I was covered to the knee it wasn't enough around this man. "A truce?" I asked, trying to sound nonchalant and not to let the nervousness I was feeling slip into my voice. "I hadn't realized we had waged a war?" 
He grinned even broader, his dimple deepened. 
Oh god… 
He moved away from the doorframe and strolled over to me. "Well, maybe not full on war, but we definitely had a little wrangling going on," he chuckled. "So, let's call a truce on any foreseen battles that may develop into full scale war." 
What? 
Kyle took the bowl I was holding, went and poured some cereal into it. "You're weird," I said. 
He laughed harder. The gentleness of his smile made the sharp angles of his handsome face soften. My stomach clenched as he poured some milk in my bowl and grabbed my unwashed spoon. Leaning against the counter, he scooped some up some cereal. "Your honesty wounds me, princess," he said before shoveling a spoon of cereal into his mouth. 
My heart rate spiked when he called me that. "I'm sorry," I apologized. He was trying to be nice and I insulted him. 
"Don't be," he said in between bites. "You were being honest." He shifted off the counter, tossing the bowl in the sink after only a few mouthfuls, and walked across the room. 
What a waste of good food. 
"I was being weird," he continued while opening the refrigerator door. "And I was an asshole to you." 
Huh. I wasn't sure what to say to that. He had been an asshole and it had taken him three days, but admitting it so honestly threw me. I didn't know what to make of him. I stared at Kyle's backside as he bent down rummaging inside the fridge. Oh, boy could he fill those pants. Pulling out a bottle of water, he turned and caught me staring. 
Busted. 
He smirked and every ounce of blood in my body rushed to my cheeks. He flipped the lid and swallowed deeply; his eyes remained locked on mine. Tilting his head to one side, he frowned. "You look young. How old are you?" 
I was stumped by the seriousness in his voice. 
Why did he ask that? 
I was instantly wary. 
"What does my age matter?"
Kyle groaned loudly. "Because I don't particularly want to get arrested for harboring a minor in my house, is why it matters." 
I gaped at him. Kyle owned the house? I thought he was just renting like the rest of us. "I'm eighteen, which means I'm legally an adult." 
He exhaled and the look of relief on his face was as clear as day. He nodded and turned to leave. 
"Wait?" I shouted, my feet moved towards him, my hand snagged on his arm. "You said this was your house?" 
He turned slowly and nodded. "Yeah, why?" 
Now he was the one to look wary. 
His eyes rested on my hand on his arm. I stepped away quickly, removing my hand. "You don't mind?" I stuttered. "I mean, are you okay with me being here? I got a job, so it won't be for too long, I promise." I prayed to god he didn't mind. 
Please don't let him mind.  
He scrunched his brow. "You got a job? Doing what?" He sounded surprised.
 "Cleaning, so I can start paying you rent as soon as I get my paycheck." 
He had a contemplative look on his face for a moment, before masking it with indifference. "I'm cool with you staying here. The room's yours for as long as you want, but keep your money." 
What was he saying? "Kyle, I can't stay here rent free. Why would you even say that?" He had thrown me. 
"You're just a kid and it sounds like you need a break." He shrugged and moved away from the counter he was leaning against and stood in front of me. "Well, I'm giving you one." 
I looked up at his face. His blue eyes were so penetrating I felt like he could see inside my head. My body moved closer to him–an action I wasn't entirely in control of. He seemed to draw me to him. "I'm eighteen, Kyle. I'm not a child. You make it sound like you're so much older than me," I said, trying to lighten the mood, which was now tense. 
Kyle stroked his thumb against my chin and then jerked away from me. He ran a hand through his hair. "No Lee, you're definitely not a child," he muttered. What did that mean? I was totally dumbfounded. 
"I'm paying you, I can't stay here otherwise." 
He shrugged with indifference and walked to the door. "Fine, fifty bucks a week. Take it or leave it," he said and left the kitchen. 



****


I picked up some food at the grocery store after my shift. The conversation I had with Kyle this morning was still running through my mind. 
I was disturbed at why he would offer to let me stay rent-free just like that. I could not fathom him. I said as much to Cam as soon as I got home. 
"Wait," Cam mumbled in confusion. "Kyle said you can stay here for free." She shook her head. "No conditions?" 
I nodded. 
"I don't understand that dude," she said. Well neither did I. "You must have made quite an impression on him," she mused. 
"I obviously said no, Cam," I said quickly. "I told him I couldn't stay here if he didn't accept my money. He told me he charges fifty dollars per week. Is that what you pay?" 
Cam's eyes widened and she practically choked on the cookie she was nibbling. Oh great. Kyle felt sorry for me. And somehow his pity was worse than Cam's. She patted my arm. "Look, Lee, the guy is obviously trying to make up for being such a douche. I say let him. It's not as if you can afford much more right now. And trust me, Kyle can." 
Whether that was true or not, I didn't want them to think of me as a charity case. "You should have warned me he owned this place, Cam," I said. 
Cam threw her hands up. "Kyle's private about things. He doesn't like people knowing how much he has." 
I sighed deeply. "You still should have told me."


****

Kyle


This was going to be harder than I thought. 
I had avoided coming home for three days after Cam had warned me off. I'd thought three days would be more than enough time to forget about her. It never took me longer than a couple of hours to forget about girls, usually less. 
Not this one though…
I had a business trip in Kansas, but by ten-thirty last night, I couldn't stay in that hotel room another damn minute. I was not a coward. I didn't run from anything, and one pint-sized girl wasn't going to make me start. 
No woman, no matter how sexy she was, or how good she tasted, was going to chase me out of my own house. 
I'd caught the next flight, and jumped in a cold shower as soon as I got home. I'd needed to call a truce and put a stop to this intense thing we had going on. I'd heard her moving around when I was getting dressed this morning, so I'd given it a few minutes before I followed her downstairs. And holy hell, the sight of her barefoot in my kitchen had made my chest ache. I didn't even remember half the bullshit that had come out of my mouth. 
My focus had been on Lee in that nightdress. I was actually proud of my self-control for not bending her over the table and taking her then and there. The look in her eyes assured me she would have let me, but damn, she looked so young. She'd said she was eighteen. I had four years on her. 
Too old. 
I was too goddamn old to contemplate it. 
I was going to have to make sure she stayed away from me. She was a fucking temptation and the girl made me weak. I didn't do weakness. 
My phone buzzed on my desk, alerting me to an incoming call from Rachel. "Hey," I said flatly. 
"I need three hundred." Christ, that girl went through money like it was going out of fashion. 
"I'll have it transferred into your account by lunchtime." I hoped that that was all she wanted. I needed a Rachel free day. 
"No need. I'm in the lobby. You can give it to me now." 
Fuck my life. "I'm on my way." I hung up and walked over to the bar in the corner of my office. Times like these were the reason Jack and I were such good pals. I poured myself a large glass of whiskey and chugged it back, before pouring another. 
If I needed a reminder of how devious women really were then I need look no further than the redhead waiting on me. 
It would serve me well to remember that. 
Women were only after one thing, and it sure as hell wasn't love.



****

Lee


I loved pizza. 
It was amazing. I tucked into my third slice of margarita as I listened to Derek and Cam chattering. Derek had looked at me like I was crazy when I told him it was my first time having pizza. Cam had changed the subject knowingly. They were actually quite comical together. I guessed Derek had more to do with it than Cam. He was a funny person.
 "So, how's the job going, Lee?" 
I smiled at his question. "It's going great. I really like it." 
Derek nodded and took another sip of his beer. "Where'd you say it was again?" 
I swallowed a piece of cheesy crust before answering. "The Henderson Hotel, just off 11th street. Do you know the place?" Derek's eyes bulged and Cam nudged him in the ribs. "What?" I asked warily. 
"Nothing, nothing," Derek said a little too eagerly for my liking. "I'm just surprised you're working there. I hear the owner has some issues with hiring young girls." He directed the last bit towards Cam, who was shooting dagger-eyed glares at him. 
"Okay, what's going on, guys?" I asked. They were freaking me out. First Linda, now Cam and Derek… Was there something weird about the owner?
 "Nothing at all, babe," Cam said smiling. "Derek just doesn't know when to keep his mouth shut. Do you, Derek?" He smiled bashfully at Cam. 
"Keep his mouth shut about what?" I asked. Neither one answered. 
I got the feeling I was missing something.



****


Kyle


"Do you want to do something today? I heard there's a good band playing in The Avenue?" 
I shook my head as I zipped up my pants. I had a killer headache and that skin crawling, morning after itch to get her out of my house. "I can’t, Candice. I have plans." I picked her dress up off the floor and tossed it to her. 
She pouted and sat up on my bed, twisting her black hair around her fingers. "I'm Gemma," she snapped.
"Good for you." How the fuck was I supposed to remember her name? I'd been wasted last night and she had been more interested in sucking my cock than having a conversation, which was fine by me. She was willing and I needed the release. That might make me an asshole, but it was either fuck her or burst into the room next to mine and take my frustrations out on the tiny brunette who put them there. I pulled my shirt on and bent down to tie my shoelaces. "Yeah, I'm going to need you to take off, Gemma. I've got a lot on today." I noticed her lace thong under my bed and I cringed. 
"What the fuck, Kyle?" she growled, jumping off the bed and moving towards me. She stood in front of me, buck-naked, with her hands on her hips. In the cool light of day she wasn't as hot as I had thought last night at the bar. Jesus Christ, why did every woman think it was sexy to see hipbones and ribs? It was about as sexy as fucking a skeleton. She stroked my arm. "I thought last night meant more than sex?" 
Where did she get that from? 
It never meant more than sex.
 I walked over to the door. "It was great sex," I lied. Truth was, I couldn't remember fucking her, but she smiled, appeased so I continued. "That's all it was. I'll let you get dressed." I closed out the door before she could reply. I was a fucking douche to sleep with her. I thought I knew the clingy ones by now. 
How had I missed the signs?
Cam, Lee and Derek were in the kitchen when I walked in. I went straight over to the drawer where I kept the painkillers. "Good morning, sunshine," Derek said, with a stupid, smug grin on his face. 
"What's good about it?" I replied as I popped two Advil from the packet and poured a glass of water.
"Rough night last night, was it?" Cam asked. 
I nodded, forcing the pills down. "You could say that." I slumped against the counter as Cam and Derek continued whatever they were talking about before I came in. "Sleep well?" I asked Lee, who was sitting quietly at the table. 
She shifted her gaze to me. "No, not really," she mumbled, blushing. 
I moved towards her. I couldn't help myself. "Oh yeah, why's that?" I asked as I eased into the chair across from her. Looking at her more closely, I could see the dark shadows under her eyes. 
"I didn't get much sleep," she muttered.
 I felt a strange swell of concern for her. "Why not? Are you okay?" I asked. Was Lee not sleeping at night? Was she finding it hard to settle in? She had only been here a week, maybe she was homesick? Shit, was she going to leave? 
All these niggling doubts and worries started to build in my head. 
Fuck, what was that about? 
Lee blushed and ducked her head so I couldn't see those big gray eyes of hers. It was just as well because her rosy plump lips were calling to me. I shifted in my chair. "No, I'm fine," she assured me. I relaxed. "It's just…" She paused and looked up at me. Dragging her lower lip into her mouth, she whispered, "You're kind of loud." 
 Loud? 
What was she talking about?
 "I'm going to take off, Kyle," a voice said from behind me. I turned around just as Gemma welded her mouth to mine. I tensed, understanding the meaning of Lee's words. Fuck. 
She'd been awake all night because of the sounds of me having sex. How many nights had that happened? I'd brought three girls back this week alone. I had to. Lee was tempting the shit out of me. A man had only so much will power. Gemma stuck her tongue down my throat and I felt like gagging. I heard the sound of a chair scraping and I pulled my face away. 
Lee was leaving. 
I moved to go after her, but stopped myself. This was the way it had to be. It was better in the long run. 
She needed to hate me.


****

Chapter 4

Lee


I settled into a comfortable living routine at the house. On weekdays I got up, went to work, came home and went to bed. On weekends I did pretty much the same thing, except I replaced work with hanging out with Cam and more often than not, Derek. 
We took turns with the cleaning and cooking dinner, with Derek usually taking over the kitchen and smothering out whichever one of us whose turn it was to cook. He was working in a kitchen for the summer and had decided he was the new Gordon Ramsey. He was the best cook out of the four of us though, so I didn't tease him about it. The man made a mean lasagna and I'd even begun to enjoy his witty retorts and jokes. Cam was fun to live with. We had fallen back into our old friendship easily. But Kyle was a jerk. 
The man flaunted himself around the place like he was 'king of the hill,' prancing around the kitchen in  just his jeans or worse, his boxer shorts. I dutifully ignored him every time he was around–or at least I pretended to. Cam told me Kyle's job required him to travel a lot, which explained the sporadic hours of the day and night he came home. But when he was here, he was distracting, a smart-mouth and had zero modesty. He also had no filter on his tongue. The man had a real bad potty mouth. 
I decided Kyle was tormenting me on purpose. He had to be doing it on purpose. If he wasn't banging on our bathroom door when I was showering, hollering at me to hurry up, he was blocking my way to the kettle, giving me one his 'you want it come and get it' looks. I had gone without coffee most mornings this week because avoiding Kyle's half-naked body was much safer than pressing past him. He would love that…to know that he was getting to me. 
The sad fact of the matter was that he was getting to me in a big way. I had to pull my thoughts out of the gutter whenever I saw him in his boxer shorts. Never in a million years would I have dreamt Kyle had a job that required a suit and tie. It just didn't seem like the usual attire one wore for a summer job. He looked beautiful in a suit, but there was an element of a caged animal about him when he wore one. I had thought up a dozen potential jobs he might do, all of which involved physical work. He didn't have the body of a man stuck in an office. He had the hard, toned build of an athlete. He was all broad shoulders, ribbed muscles and narrow hips. 
Another thing I realized about Kyle was that he was guarded. He chatted openly about mundane things like college and football and I'd learned he was finishing his degree in Business Management in the fall. But he closed off the minute anything more personal was brought up. I didn't understand why, but was too intimidated by him to ask. He had even started showing up at the hotel. There was a restaurant on the ground floor and in the past three weeks I had seen him in there on no less than three occasions. Thankfully, he hadn't noticed me. I always managed to hide behind a pillar in the lobby before he saw me. On all three occasions he'd been having lunch with a woman-all of them different- which also made it easier for me to escape unnoticed. I had started to skip eating in the restaurant and ate outside at the picnic tables rather than face the obnoxious jerk. It drove me crazy that he ate at the hotel. There were dozens of places he could go to eat, but no, he had to choose the building I worked in. 
On a positive note, I had actually made a couple of friends at work, Linda being one. She was fabulous and hilariously funny at times. She'd shown me the ropes at work and had a fantastic sense of humor. She certainly didn't behave like a woman in her fifties. 
I also liked talking with Mike. He was one of the bartenders and only a few years older than me. We had met briefly on my first day and I had bumped into him again at the picnic tables out the back. He had invited me to sit with him and I had figured it would be rude to say no. He had been witty and down to earth and I had actually found him easy to talk with. The next day I went to the beer garden, Mike had brought an extra sandwich for me and we fell into to a comfortable lunch pattern. He always seemed to get his break the same time as I did, so we ate together. It was real nice to be friends with a man and not worry about him blowing hot and cold. That was the way it felt being around Mike, real easy. He didn't flirt or make me feel uncomfortable. He was just plain nice. Mike was attractive in an all-American, wholesome kind of way. He was all blonde hair, brown eyes and sun-kissed golden skin, but he didn't hold an ounce of the raw sexual magnetism Kyle did. Where Mike was cute, Kyle was mind-blowingly attractive. 
I had decided it was something to do with the way Kyle moved. He didn't just walk, he prowled like a wild animal, cool and confident, but full of raw strength and vibrating intensity. There was an element of danger to him. He was just so…there were no words in my vocabulary extensive enough to describe him. He was rude and obnoxious and breathtakingly beautiful and he seemed to get a real thrill out of baiting me. Plus he kept calling me that stupid nickname. God, he was so infuriating… 
I hated that I was so attracted to him. It was purely a physical attraction though. It couldn't be any more than that, not when he was so mean to me. The fluttering in my chest when he was near was just biology. He was beautiful and any girl would feel the same when he spoke or smiled or laughed…
 After many sleepless nights thinking about him, I had decided to put my attraction towards Kyle Carter down to two things. The first being the fact that he was my first consensual kiss. And the second, I was not the only woman to feel like this. Kyle had plenty of admirers. Women swooned over him. I'd seen enough of his admirers coming out of his bedroom in the mornings–Rachel being one of the most frequent visitors. Though it was clear they were not exclusive, there was definitely something strange going on with them. I watched them when they were together and it was…odd. Apart from the fact that Kyle didn't seem to like her, when Rachel said jump he said how high. He did everything she told him to and it really irked me. He was a jerk to me, but it didn't stop me hating the way she spoke to him. 
It was degrading.


****

Kyle


"Close your mouth, dude, you're drooling."
 I looked away from Lee's ass to see Derek grinning at me. "Screw you," I muttered, lowering my head. I couldn't help but stare at her. I didn't think any man could. She was distracting to say the least. 
Derek grinned. "I'd say screw Lee, but you're not allowed." 
He loved this. 
Bastard.
 "What was that, guys'?" Lee stood up from where she was bending in the refrigerator and looked over at us. 
"Oh, Kyle here was just enjoying the view," Derek said grinning. I kicked him under the table. What the fuck was this, the sixth grade? "It's a beautiful day after all," he added, pointing towards the kitchen window. 
Smooth. 
"Nice one, asshole," I muttered just for his ears as I kicked him again. 
"Dude, quit it," he moaned. 
"Yeah, it's a beautiful morning," Lee agreed, completely oblivious to the true meaning of Derek's words. 
Thank god. 
"So, what are your plans for the day? Any hot date lined up tonight?" 
God, he was sadistic…fucking torture me some more. 
"Hardly," Lee muttered and I breathed easily again. I didn't realize I'd been holding my breath waiting for her answer. 
"Really, why not? It's Friday. You should be going out and having some fun. I can't believe a guy hasn't asked out yet." I was going to kick his ass and enjoy doing it. 
Lee blushed and poured some milk into a glass. "Well you should," she said quietly. "No one has." 
"I could hook you up with on my friends. They all think you're hot, especially Dixon." 
Lee spluttered her coffee as she looked at me briefly before focusing on Derek. "I'm not sure," she replied quietly. 
He was baiting me out.
 It was working. 
"Ouch, dude, what the hell?" Derek cried, pushing back his chair. 
"Oh sorry, man. Did I step on your foot?" I muttered. I stood up and walked over to where Lee was standing. I purposefully leaned too close to her to get a cup from the cupboard. She shivered when my chest rubbed against hers and my ego swelled. Yeah, fuck Dixon. She was aware of me. "Do you want to go out with Dixon, princess?" I stared straight at her and she shook her head eagerly. "Hear that, Derek? She doesn't want to date any of your asshole friends. Leave her alone." I had to leave then.
Getting too close to her was dangerous.


****

Lee


I made my way down the stairway at the back of the hotel. It eventually led to a private doorway outside. It was a much longer route than taking the elevator and cutting through the restaurant, but it was much safer than potentially facing Rachel in the restaurant–or Kyle. 
Work was going well. Linda gave me as many shifts as I wanted and Mike was the just the sweetest person. I was looking forward to my lunch hour so I could listen to him regale me with all the gossip on the ground floor.
 "Hey, you made it." Mike smiled at me from the picnic bench where he was sitting. 
"Hey," I said. "Sorry I'm late." I sat on the opposite side of the bench. 
Mike proceeded to hand me a plastic covered sandwich and a soda. "It's just cold cuts of beef today I'm afraid. We're fresh out of tuna." 
I smiled gratefully. "Thanks Mike, beef is great." 
He grinned, nodding. "Oh good. I wasn't sure if you were one of those vegetarian girls. You always have fish in your sandwiches."
 I snorted. "You're the one who makes my sandwiches, remember? I'm not fussy about my food, but truth be told, I'm a red meat kind of girl." We slipped into easy conversation and I actually snorted soda from my nose when Mike told me about the last big drama at the hotel. "No way? Are you for real?" I asked as I patted my napkin to my face. 
 "True story. Mindy was in housekeeping and I guess you could say she got too up close and personal cleaning his…uh, family jewels." 
I gasped. "Isn't he the guy in Washington? A senator of something?"
 Mike chuckled. "Not anymore. Their affair was leaked to the media. You wouldn't believe the amount of journalists and pap's around here at the time. It was huge news. A public figure having it off with the underage housekeeper. The boss was furious." He paused, frowning. "I'm actually surprised he hired you. After the drama with Mindy, he doesn't hire young girls. There was too much of a backlash for the hotel from the media, not to mention Mindy's parents."
 I took another swig of my soda while I thought about what Mike had said. I guessed that's what Derek had been suggesting a few weeks back when he had asked me where I worked. "What's he like?" I asked. "Our boss, I mean. Have you met him?"  
A vein twitched in the Mike's neck. He seemed to ponder my question. "Yeah, I've met him," he said flatly. When he noticed my worried look, he smiled. "When he's here, he's a good boss. He's usually jetting off around the country to the other hotels. Most of the staff seem to like him, though Linda is the one who really runs this place. " 
I could hear the undertone in his words. "Most of the staff?" 
"You don't miss much, do you?" He ran a hand across his forehead. "Let's just say he and I have some personal issues and leave it at that."
 "Okay, so are you doing much for the weekend?" I asked, trying to change the subject. 
Mike smiled and delved into all his plans for the upcoming weekend. I tried to appear interested, but my mind kept drifting back to what he had said. 
"He and I have some personal issues." 
I wondered what they were.
 

****

Kyle


She was on her own. 
Her door was cracked open and she was lying on her bed reading. I knew I shouldn't go in. Cam would have my balls for it. But I'd never had much willpower and she zapped it to shit. 
"Whatcha reading?" I asked as I tapped on the doorframe of her bedroom door. 
Lee scrambled up to a sitting position, pulling a set of earplugs from her ears. Her cheeks were glowing red, her curls a loose tangled mess. She was fucking stunning. "I'm sorry, did you call me for something?" 
She looked so innocent that I couldn't stop myself. I walked over to the bed and sat down. "I asked what you were reading," I said, picking up the book Lee had dropped on the bed. I skimmed the page and holy fuck. "You're reading porn?" No fucking way. Innocent little Lee had a stash of girl porn. 
Lee blushed and pulled the book out of my hands. "It's a romance novel."
 "If you say so," I mused. "Let's see what style of music you're into." I moved closer and took the iPod from her lap. My fingers accidentally brushed the bare skin of her thigh and she whimpered. I leaned forward to hide the massive erection I was getting. Jesus Christ, this was a bad idea. 
"It's Cam's iPod," she muttered, handing me an earplug. "This one's my favorite," she said as she took the iPod from my hands and fiddled with the screen. "I feel like I can relate to the words." I popped it in my ear and listened. Lee copied me and we sat silently. I was expecting some cheesy boy band to fill my ears. I was surprised to hear Kings of Leon's song 'Closer'. Lee had good taste in music. 
I leaned back on my elbows and listened to the words. This song always made me shiver. There was something haunting about the intro. 
'Far from the carnage of the fiery sun…' 
How the fuck was Lee relating to those lyrics? I was relating to the lyrics. Shit, I was reacting to the lyrics. This song was the epitome of sex songs and I had an embarrassing bulge in my jeans.  
She flopped onto her back and I had to follow her, or lose the earplug. This was too close. I lay down beside her, closing my eyes to block the view of her tits rising when she breathed. 
"Do you ever wish," she whispered. "That when someone listens to a song, they are thinking those words about you?" 
 "What do you mean?" I asked, turning my face to look at her. 
"I wonder what it would feel like to have a man want me the way these singers want the women who inspire their songs." She turned her face to mine, her gray eyes burning a hole in my heart. 
Goddammit... 
"Men want you, Lee. You don't need a song to know that," I choked out. 
"I'm sorry," she mumbled. "That was a weird thing to ask you." Her cheeks reddened. Fuck, I didn't want her to get skittish again. 
"Sometimes I do that," I said. Like right now. Right now I was imaging her. "Do you?" I asked.
 Lee exhaled heavily and looked up at the ceiling, "All the time."  
If it weren't for the fact that she was so naïve, I'd think she was hitting on me. Shit, was she hitting on me? I couldn't tell. I tried to gauge her expression, but her eyes were closed as she listened to the music. "Who do you think of when you listen to this song, princess?" 
She sighed deeply and turned to look at me. "I don't think you want to know the answer to that." 
The hell if I didn't. I was going to kill Derek for putting notions in her head. "Is it Dixon?" I demanded. "Do you like him?" She laughed and that only irritated me more. "Is there something funny?" I asked, pulling the earplug and standing. "Are you already with him or something?" 
She laughed harder and shook her head. I was going out of my mind with jealousy and Lee thought it was a joke. "You really don't get it, do you?" she asked, her voice suddenly serious. 
No, I didn't get it and I didn't want to hear anymore. "Fuck this," I hissed and stormed out of the room.  
 

****

Lee


I slept in this morning. I figured since I had worked double shifts all week at work that I deserved a rest. I decided to have breakfast before showering. I made a cup of coffee and sat down at the table. I heard the doorbell ring. A few moments later, Rachel's high-pitched voice was drumming in my ears.
 "Why the hell didn't you come over last night when I told you to? When I ask you to do something, Kyle, you do it.” She stormed into the kitchen and threw her bag on the table. She didn't seem to notice me. I guessed Kyle was back from his latest excursion. He hadn't been home when I went to bed last night, and wherever he was, Rachel wasn't too far behind. 
He had been so angry last night when I laughed at him. I couldn't help laughing though. How he could think I was interested in Dixon was ridiculous. My lame attempt of flirting had seriously backfired. I wasn't going to try it again. The angry redhead stamping around the kitchen was a reality check.
Kyle was unavailable.  
I hated to admit it, but Rachel was gorgeous. She had on tanned slacks, with skyscraper heels and a pink cashmere sweater. She had her red mane scraped into a sophisticated bun and her makeup was flawless, enhancing her green eyes and high cheekbones. The only thing about Rachel that was less than perfect was the smallness of her thin lips. However, she looked like the type of person who could afford to have that corrected if desired. I lowered my pajama-assed self, further down in my chair. 
Kyle strolled into the kitchen and made his way to the refrigerator. I thanked god he was fully clothed this morning, in his black pants and a soft blue shirt. I doubt my blush would go unnoticed by Rachel. He pulled out a bottle of water and walked over to the sink. He didn't acknowledge me either. Lord, I was truly invisible to these people. "I didn't get around to it," he said. "I was late home. You know I'm busy." He sounded tired. I worried that his job was taking it out of him. Then I tucked that worry away. He wasn't mine to worry about. I kept my head down and pretended to ignore them, but the way she spoke to him got to me and I couldn't help but peek at Kyle. He wasn't looking at her. He wasn't even facing her. He was standing poker straight with his back to her, looking out the window. 
"Well, if you kept it in your pants a little more, then maybe you wouldn't be so busy. You can be such a bastard sometimes." 
Kyle shrugged off what Rachel said as if he heard it every day. It made my blood boil. What was her problem? She didn't own him. "Don't make a big deal out of this, Rachel. I have to work. You have no complaints when you're spending my money." 
Why was she spending his money? Did she not have her own job? I wished Kyle would make a big deal of it. I wished he would kick her sorry butt to the curb. 
"Don't make a big deal of it?" she hissed. "I don't ask you for much, Kyle. Just a little of your time. It's the least you could do, considering what you did. You owe me." 
"Leave him alone," I snapped, unable to listen to anymore. "So what if he doesn't call you. Big deal. He doesn't owe you for that." The look Rachel gave me was actually quite terrifying. 
Kyle swung around and stared at me. He looked genuinely surprised that I was in the room. I guess he hadn't been ignoring me. I was just invisible to him. A small smile crept across his face, causing me to blush. I shrugged and returned his smile. What the heck. Rachel didn't like me anyway. I wasn't losing any fans.
 "Oh look who it is, Kyle, your little friend from Cam's party. Awh, and she's defending you as well as warming your bed. How cute," she hissed as she walked towards me. I was proud of myself for not shrinking away from her, even though every instinct in my body told me to. She was a mean ole bully. I hated bullies. I couldn't stop the blood from rushing to my face though. My cheeks were burning. She rested her hands on the table and leaned over me. "Keep your nose out of my business, little girl, and keep your eyes off my man. He doesn't need you to defend him. He doesn't need you to do shit for him. He's mine." 
I snorted and stood up. My legs were rattling, but I couldn't let her know she was intimidating me. That was what she wanted. "Your man?" I asked. "Oh I'm sorry. I didn't realize you owned him. Maybe you should have brought his slave papers with you." 
Kyle laughed loudly, which only made Rachel angrier. "Don't you dare laugh," she snapped, turning her glare on Kyle. 
I used her momentary distraction as a means to escape. 


****

Kyle


I hated being here. 
I wasn't a fucking prostitute, although since I was the one handing out all the cash, that remark was futile. If I hadn't come over, Rachel would have gone bat shit crazy on Lee. In my own sick way, I was trying to protect her.
"I want you to stay away from that girl," Rachel said as she straddled me. I wanted to peel my skin off. I wanted to throw her off me and get the fuck out of her bed and as far away from her as I could.
"What girl?" I asked as I leaned back on my elbows and forced myself not to recoil. I didn't want her to fucking touch me. I didn't want to breathe the same air as her. I was a poor excuse for a man. 
Rachel glared at me as she unbuttoned my shirt. "Don't act stupid, Kyle. You know exactly who I mean." I did know, but I didn't understand why she had such an issue with her. 
"What's your problem with Lee? She's a roommate. Just like Cam." Rachel grimaced at the mention of Cam's name. Cam gave her a hard time at every opportunity and I loved her for it–since I couldn't do it myself. 
"You have shitty taste in friends," Rachel hissed. 
No. I had shitty taste in women– her being the shittiest. 
Rachel finished with my buttons and then pulled her top over her head. She was braless. Her plastic tits fell into my face and I didn't even stir. "I see the way you look at little miss southern belle. I'm not blind." She moved for my belt. "You're different with her. Why is that?" 
I was treading dangerous waters. I needed to be careful. Rachel was testing me. "I don't look at her any differently than I look at Cam," I lied. I unzipped my jeans and pushed them down. The only fucking reason I was even semi-hard was because she brought up Lee. I focused on the mental image of Lee in that hot little nightdress giving Rachel shit. 
"Liar," she hissed, glaring at me. 
"She's too much of a mouse to look twice at. I don't fuck hillbillies, Rachel." 
Rachel grinned and I wanted to die. "Just so long as you remember that. You made me a deal two years ago." She sheathed my cock and lowered herself onto me. "And I plan to make you keep it." 
I closed my eyes and thought of Lee.
 

****

Lee


 "I still can't believe you spoke up to Rachel like that," Cam said as we stood in line at the movie theatre. 
Neither could I. 
"I don't know what came over me, Cam. I've never spoken to anybody like that. I don't even like Kyle, but she's just so mean to him and what's worse is he lets her. It's disgusting." 
Cam grinned, "Well, I for one am glad you did. I'm usually the one who chews up that gold-digger. I know Derek cannot stand her, but Kyle's his best friend, so he doesn't get involved. We all hate her though." I smiled at that. At least everyone else hated her, too. It made me feel a little better about my outburst. "She'll probably want revenge," Cam said. "Especially since you took her down a peg in front of Kyle." Rachel didn't like me as it stood, how much worse could it really get? "And you committed the mortal sin when you kissed Kyle," she added.
I cringed. "He kissed me first." Did she have to bring that back up? I tried not to think about the kiss–both kisses–at least not until I was tucked up in bed at night. 
Cam laughed as she paid for her popcorn. "He kissed you, you kissed him…Is there really a difference?" 
Was there? No, no there wasn't. "He doesn't like me, Cam. Rachel has nothing to worry about. It's the other women he's with that she should be angry with, not me." 
Cam studied my face for a moment, her gaze slipping to behind me. "Hmm, I'm not so sure about that, babe." She walked off in the same direction. "Hey boys, what a surprise to see you here. You're not checking up on me, now are you?" Cam said cheerfully. I turned around and quickly turned back. 
Why, god. Why? 
Of all the nights… 
"Of course not, come here and give me a little kiss," I heard Derek say. 
That was a big fat lie. From what I'd seen he was always checking up on Cam. There was a truckload of trust missing from their relationship. It wasn't my business though, so I didn't ask. "I'll meet you inside Lee," Cam said. 
I didn't bother answering her. My night had just taken a major nosedive. Not because of Derek showing up. No, it had more to do with Mr. tall, dark and sarcastic next to him and the way my heart wouldn't calm the heck down. I paid for my soda and popcorn, while plotting all the ways I could get out of seeing this film. 
Cam drove here and it was a twenty-minute car ride, with lots of different turn offs…I would never be able to find my way home. Falling on empty, I turned around and slowly made my way over to the doorway with the sign 'screen one' over it. With any luck they chose a different movie to us. I didn't believe that though. Derek hadn't shown up for any other reason than to keep an eye on Cam. Maybe I could just wait outside in the lobby until it was over? Dammit, I had been looking forward to seeing the movie. How was I supposed to relax with him nearby? 
"Hey princess." 
I jumped and ended up spilling my entire tub of popcorn all over the floor. 
"Whoa, there's no need to be so jumpy. It's just me," he chuckled.
Yeah, it was just him–the walking, talking bane of my hormones. I turned around to scold him for sneaking up on me, but the words wouldn't come out. Why did he have to look so good? It wasn't fair. God must have been in a real good mood the day he made Kyle Carter. 
I took in the dark jeans and tight gray t-shirt he was wearing. Couldn't he wear clothes that made him less…edible? It wouldn't matter much what he wore though. Kyle smiling that perfect smile of his was enough to turn me into a puddle of mush on the floor. That dimple did strange things to my heartstrings. "Why did you sneak up on me?" I demanded when speaking was manageable again. 
He threw his head back and laughed, a deep virile laugh. My heart-rate accelerated. I couldn't turn my eyes away from his throat and the way his Adams apple vibrated. "I was just waiting for you," he chuckled. "The others have gone in. Cam said it was your first time at the movies. I thought you might get lost." Gee, thanks for that Cam. 
As if I needed more help looking country. 
Kyle took a step towards me and I gasped. I needed to get a grip. I backed up and managed to snag the heel of my shoe on an upturned piece of carpet. My coke flew out of my hand as I flayed my arms out. Oh great, I was going down. 
Before I could holler, two arms snaked around my waist, pulling me into a chest of ribbed muscle and toned abs. I knew that because I had to endure looking at it every day. "You're a little clumsy tonight, aren't you, princess?" Kyle chuckled as he held me flush against him.
 "Uh…" I couldn't think of one thing to say. I involuntary shivered. 
He straightened and put some space between our bodies, but his hands were still on my hips. He seemed to notice where his hands were and moved them away quickly, clearing his throat. "We should go in," he muttered as he turned and strode through the doors. 
I followed him, desperately trying to get a handle on my nerves. 
My nerves were causing the butterflies in my belly. 
Nothing else.


****

Kyle


This was the biggest load of crap I had seen in years. It was a typical chick flick; girl meets boy, girl falls in love, boy screws up and girl runs off. Then boy fixes the shit pile he's gotten himself into and gets nailed. 
What a crock... It was fucking painful to sit through and I had paid ten bucks for the privilege. Derek owed me big time. His paranoia over Cam cheating was the reason I was now sitting in a movie theatre, packed with women weeping and crying and shit. Fair enough, Cam had a past, but Derek needed to trust her. He couldn't leave the girl alone for a minute. Sometimes Derek acted like a vagina. 
"That's it, Cam, oh baby, suck it." 
Those two had no fucking shame. Even I drew the line at getting a blowjob in public. Well, at least not while sitting next to my friends…
I shifted as far in my seat as I could away from them. It could get messy. I wasn't taking any chances. A soft groan from the other side of me alerted me to the fact that I was now squashing Lee. We were in one of those love seats, the double seats used for making out. It was ironic considering I couldn't touch the girl who was pressed up against me. I had been trying to keep my distance from her all night. Cam had cock blocked me. "Uh, sorry…" I muttered, pulling back a little from her squashed body, but not so far that I was within aiming distance of Derek's dick. 
"It's okay." Lee looked up at me with a nervous smile. Her eyes were like saucers and I could practically see the innocence pouring out of them. "I guess I'd be moving closer to you, too, if I had to sit on your side," she whispered, pointing at Cam and Derek, who were now gone way past the point of no return. Lee blushed and faced forward, focusing her attention on the screen. 
I took that as my opportunity to study at her. She was so damn hot in those worn denim jeans and yellow t-shirt that it hurt to look at her. I was not used to girls who dressed like that. The women I knew wore tight little dresses and low-slung tops. They had make-up plastered on their faces, orange skin from too much fake tan and hair designed into all types of weird styles. Even Cam was guilty of the make-up and short skirts. Lee wore none of that shit. She didn't need it. 
Her sun-kissed skin was naked and she had her curly hair bunched up in a messy ponytail, the odd stray curl escaping and falling around her face. I wanted to reach out and tuck those silky curls behind her ear, but that would be bad. I would be edging too close to a line I wasn't supposed to cross. I thought of the look on her face the morning she had defended me to Rachel. The way she had stood up for me… It wasn't something I was used to. I'd expected to feel annoyed with her for interfering in my business. Instead, I'd felt…Pleased. 
That shy little smile Lee had given me in the kitchen that morning…it had changed something in me. It made me feel and I hadn't felt anything in so long. The girl was fucking amazing and she didn't even know it. That made me even more determined to stay away from her. Lee didn't need to be marred with my bullshit. I had to remember that. She was too good for me. 
"Now, Cam, it's gonna be now, baby." 
I moved even closer to Lee than before. "Dude, you're in a movie theatre," I growled. "Show a little restraint." 
Derek didn't know the meaning of the word.
 "Are you really this squeamish?" Lee giggled. I looked down at her. Her eyes were dancing with humor. 
"Oh, you think it's funny, do you?" I teased. I reached out and tickled her, making her laugh harder. It was a pleasant sound and I liked it, probably more than I should. I couldn't help staring at the way her tits bounced as she chuckled. 
"Stop, Kyle, I'm so ticklish," she gushed as she tried to wrestle my hands away from her sides. She pushed herself closer to me. "Oh, Kyle, I can't take anymore," she groaned. 
 Fuck, I was turned on and it had nothing to do with the sex noises coming from the love seat next to me, but everything to do with Lee and the way her body felt when I touched her. Without thinking about what I was doing, I pulled her onto my lap. "What are you doing, Kyle?" she whispered. 
Her eyes darkened. I could see the longing in them. Fuck, she was horny. I rubbed myself against her ass and she whimpered. "Can you feel what you do to me, princess?" She nodded, pulling her plump lower lip into her mouth. It was too much… "Fuck the line." 
I grabbed the back of her neck and sealed my mouth to hers.  She moaned–a real genuine to god erotic moan–and I thought I might lose it. I plunged my tongue inside her mouth. She tasted unbelievable. Her hands were in my hair, tugging me closer to her. "Mmm, you taste like fucking heaven. I need more," I said. I couldn't help myself. I shifted in the seat until I had her on her back. I kept my mouth on hers as I pressed against her. Her racy little moans and cries were driving me fucking insane. I couldn't think of anything except the driving urge I had to be inside her. 
I slipped my hands under her shirt to feel her tits. I'd realized the first night I saw her she was blessed in the breast department, but sweet Jesus, her tits were huge and one hundred percent real. 
"Kyle," she cried out softly as she bucked her hips against me. The way she was responding to me was driving me wild.
 "Damn, baby, these are fucking perfect." I had to have a taste. I stuck my head under her t-shirt. Pulling down the lace bra blocking me from my destination, I grabbed one of her full breasts with my hand and latched my mouth to her stiff, ripe nipple. I moved my other hand down to cup her between her legs. Holy hell, her jeans were damp. She was fucking ready for me, here and now. 
I stroked between her legs as I flicked her nipple with my tongue until she was crying out my name. "Kyle…"
"Uh, Kyle…" 
"Kyle, get the fuck up, man." 
Wait… what? I paused and realized that it was a lot brighter under this shirt than what it had been when I first ducked under. I pulled my head out from under her shirt and looked up to see the lights had come on and Derek was grinning down at me. 
"Dude, you're in a movie theatre," he said with a mocking tone. "Show some restraint."


****

Lee


I couldn't look Cam in the eye. 
She was furious. 
I couldn't look Derek in the eye. 
He was laughing at me. 
I couldn't look Kyle in the eye…because he had run off. 
"What the hell was that?" Cam asked when she eventually calmed down enough to talk to me. 
"I don't know." I didn't. One minute Kyle and I were getting along and the next I was on my back, with his hands and his mouth on me. He had quite literally jumped off me, muttered something about being sorry and then bolted. I leaned further into the passenger seat of Cam's Ford Focus, wishing there was a secret button that I could press and fall out of this car and away from the angry looks from my best friend. 
"Well, you sounded as if you sure as hell knew," she sighed as she indicated onto a street I was familiar with. 
Oh thank God, we were nearly home. 
I needed to get away from Cam and be alone. 
I needed to figure out what happened back there. 
"Babe, what were you thinking? Haven't I told you–warned you–not to go there? You are not cut out for him." 
Her words hurt because I knew she was telling the truth. "Don't you think I know that, Cam?" My voice was barely a whisper. "Do you think I don't know I'm not good enough for him?" 
"Wait, Lee. I didn't mean…" 
"I know what you meant, Camryn, and I know I can't compete with girls like Rachel. I'm plain looking and have too much hips and thighs. I have little education and even less money. I'm a small town girl with no momma and a two-bit drunk for a daddy. I know I don't have the pedigree and I don't care about that. What I do care about is the fact that my best friend–my only friend in the whole world–would count that against me."
 Cam pulled the car into the driveway and killed the engine. She inhaled sharply and turned to face me. "Firstly, I do not think–nor have I ever thought–any of those things about you and if you ever suggest that I do again, I'm going to be real pissed." She grabbed my hand and squeezed it gently. "You are a good person, Lee. That's what I meant when I said you weren't cut out for Kyle. You are too good for him. I love Kyle like he's my own brother, but babe, he is never going to be good enough to have your heart. And that's where this is going, Lee. I can see it. It's written all over that pretty face of yours." 
What was she saying? Did she think? 
How could she know…? 
"Kyle has issues," she continued. "I'm not sure what they are exactly, but I know they have something to do with Rachel Grayson." I already guessed that. "He doesn't talk about it, but I know the girl has something on him, something big. There is no other possible reason why he would tolerate her." 
"What do you think is going on with them?" I couldn't help but ask. 
Cam shifted in her seat. "He was different when we were younger, fun and easy-going. He didn't have that nasty temper. He was seeing Rachel back then, but it wasn't anything serious for either of them." She paused and fiddled nervously with the hem of her sweater. "Anyway, during winter break of our sophomore year, his grandfather died. He was visiting him in Denver when it happened. He phoned to let us know, but he never came back over the holidays. He was gone for weeks, Lee. When he finally came back, he was…different."
 I didn't get it. "So, you're saying Kyle changed when his grandpa died?" I asked.
Cam groaned loudly. "I don't really know what I'm trying to say here, Lee. All I know, is one minute he was the same old Kyle we knew and loved and then the next he was…empty. Something happened to him, something more than just the grief of his grandfather dying." She let out a breath. "He's been Rachel's lapdog ever since." 
I tried to piece the puzzle in my own head, but all the information Cam had given me was swirling around and not making much sense. 
"I need you to stay away from him, Lee," she said softly. "I don't want you dragged into their drama. Something weird is going on with him and that bitch, and you need to stay out of it." 
I inhaled slowly and forced the words out of my mouth. "Cam, you have nothing to worry about," I said, forcing a smile. "From the look of horror on his face before he ran out, he won't be touching me again." I pulled my hand free and climbed out of the car. 
"Where are you going, Lee? We need to talk about this." 
I kept walking and let myself inside. 
I couldn't talk about it. 
I couldn't think about it. 
I got as far as my room before the tears came.


****

Chapter 5

Kyle


My phone was ringing. 
I knew who it would be. 
She knew. 
I pulled the covers over my head and prayed for sleep to take me. I knew it wouldn't. I hadn't slept a wink last night. My conscience had reared its ugly head. Every time I closed my eyes, the image of Lee's hurt face plagued me. Running out on her last night was one of the shittiest things I'd ever done. It was my piss poor attempt at protecting her. The hurt look on her face… I didn't think my opinion of myself could get any lower. 
I was wrong.
My phone rang again. 
It wouldn't be long now... 
The loud hammering noise–and the screaming of my name–was my signal to get out of bed. Goddammit. I trudged down the stairs to the front door. I was in no hurry to deal with her. I inhaled a calming breath and pulled open the door. She stormed in. "You fucking bastard," she spat.
"Hello to you, too, Rachel." I closed the door behind her and leaned against it. 
"I heard about your little date night at the movies," she hissed as she glared at me. I nodded. What did she want me to do, lie? There was no fucking point. Her face reddened. "You no good sack of shit. The one girl I tell you not to touch and you can't even do that." She slammed her index finger against my chest. 
"What do you want me to say, Rachel?" I asked, moving away from the door. "That I don't want any other girl but you?" I couldn't stand still anymore. "If it weren't for the accident, I wouldn't have you inside my fucking door, Rachel, and you know it. You trapped me." 
I knew what was coming, even before her hand connected with my face. It was a usual occurrence. "Do you think you deserve to be happy?" she demanded. "You know what that accident cost me. You're a fucking waste of fresh air, Kyle Carter. You should have died that night." 
I couldn't agree more with her. 
It would have been easier to have died in that car crash than deal with the consequences and live this fucking empty life. 


****

Lee


I hid in the living room until I heard the front door slam. I took that as a sign Rachel had left and released a breath I felt like I had been holding for an eternity. I'd been in here cleaning when Rachel barged in, screaming and shouting at Kyle. They had a massive fight–over me. She knew about last night. Someone told her and she was furious. I cringed thinking of the horrible things she said to Kyle. 
My urge to run out to the hall and protect him had disintegrated when I heard the sharp, crack of flesh hitting flesh. 
I knew that sound well. 
I had felt it often enough. 
I sat on the couch focusing on breathing slow and even, while trying to ignore the instinct of self-preservation raging inside of my body. It was urging me to run. The door opened and Kyle walked in. His eyes widened when he saw me. His reddened cheek was proof as to who received the slap I had heard being bestowed. 
A moment of relief surged through me, followed swiftly by an even greater feeling of anguish. I was on my feet and in front of Kyle within seconds. "Are you okay?" I reached up and stroked his cheek. "Did she hurt you? Are you sore?" I could feel the tears trickling down my face, but I couldn't stop crying. "You're not any of those names she called you. Don't listen to her." The dark side of me was relieved, relieved that it hadn't been Kyle. That he didn't hit…women. Thinking this wasn't the reason I was crying. It was the reason I couldn't stop. I was a terrible person. 
"Shit, Lee, I didn't know you were in here," he groaned. Kyle clasped my face in his hands and looked down at me. His face was etched with concern. He stroked my cheeks with his thumbs, wiping my tears. "Relax. Everything's okay." Kyle pulled me against his chest and wrapped his arms around me. He held my head against his heart with one hand and stroked my back with the other. I felt my body relax against the warmth of his and the rapid beat of his heart. "I'm fine," he murmured. "Please stop crying, princess. I don't want you upset."
 I nodded and slowly pulled away from him and moved towards the couch. 
I sank down and covered my face with my hands.
 "What was that?" he asked eventually when the silence grew thick. 
I leaned forward and rested my elbows on my knees. "I don't like violence." It was all I could say. I could hardly tell him about the turbulent emotions whizzing through me, all of which concentrated on him. 
"Are you sure that's all it was? Because I'm gonna be honest with you, Lee, that was scary." 
Oh great, I freaked him out. I faked a smile. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scare you. I just…I really do not like violence. I am sorry. I don't like knowing she hits you because of me."
 Kyle let out a soft sigh. "Don't say sorry. That wasn't your fault. She doesn't need much of an excuse to fly off the handle," he said. "I'm just glad you've not been around to witness Rachel's other outbursts. You would have flooded the house with those tears." 
I knew he was trying to crack a joke. It wasn't funny. "You mean she does that a lot to you?" I whispered. I could hear the disgust dripping from my question. 
Kyle shrugged. "She has a bad temper. She lashes out. I don't like it, but I understand it."
 I stood up. I could feel my body shaking. "Why do you let her do that to you?" 
Kyle laughed. I could tell it was forced. "Have you looked at me lately, princess? I can take a few bitch slaps here and there." How could he make jokes about this? 
"It's not a joke, Kyle. She shouldn't be hitting you. She treats you so badly…I can't stand it. Rachel needs to see someone. What if she does this to someone other than you? What about when she has children…"  
Kyle stopped me before I could finish. "Back up, Lee, just back the fuck up," he warned. I backed up, all the way to the opposite side of the room. I could feel the anger vibrating from him. "Whatever psychobabble analysis you've constructed in your head about Rachel, you can forget it. You don't know anything about her. And you definitely don't know shit about me. So keep your self-help guides and your goddamn opinions to yourself. I'm not interested in hearing anything you have to say right now." 
With that, he stormed out of the room, slamming the door behind him.  
I crumpled to the floor and let the pain flood me.  


****

Kyle


I was a bastard. 
I shouldn't have gone off on Lee earlier. I was pissed with Rachel for slapping me again and took my frustration out on Lee. I cringed remembering the look of terror in her eyes when I shouted at her. 
I shouldn't have shouted. It was obvious Lee was nervous, but what she had said touched on something that Rachel would never have to deal with–and that was entirely my fault. The girl had every right to hit me. Christ, I would hit me if I were her. 
That didn't excuse the way I treated Lee though. 
She had defended me when Rachel was shooting her mouth off and had given me one of the best nights of my life last night. 
She had tried to comfort me when she thought I was hurt. 
She was nothing but good. 
I owed her an apology and I would give her one, just as soon as I could look her in the eye again.


****


Lee


I wasn't sure if I should go downstairs. I didn't know if Kyle wanted me to come down. I knew he was still here. I could hear him rustling around in his room all afternoon. He had gone downstairs when Cam shouted up that the pizza had arrived, but he'd been so angry earlier that I was still shuffling around my room, debating whether I could face him or not…
"Lee, come on down, girl," Cam called again.
 I was just going to have to face him. 
He would have to deal with it. 
We all had to live here. 
I walked downstairs and poked my head around the living room door. Cam and Derek were cuddled up on the love chair, eating each other's faces, which left only the couch to sit on. That option wasn't looking very good either, not with Kyle sitting on it and Rachel sprawled across his lap. Dixon and Mo were sitting on the floor near the coffee table, so I focused on them. "Lee, you're here," Dixon smiled broadly. "I thought I wasn't gonna be able to stop myself from eating your slice." 
I took a deep breath and walked in, ignoring the two pairs of eyes boring into me. "Well, I'm here now, Dixon, so hands off," I joked as I sat on the floor alongside him. I could see Kyle shift on the couch. He moved slightly further from Rachel, but I didn't dare look to see her reaction. I was too busy hoping to hell that she wouldn't put a beating on me. I focused on the two boys next to me. 
They were very much alike, but that was expected with twins. Both boys were lanky and thin. They both had brown hair, but Mo had green eyes and Dixon's were brown. Dixon had his eyebrow pierced, which distinguished them from one another even more. Dixon nodded his head in my direction. "You're looking good, Lee. Tell me, you got your eye on any man here in Boulder?" 
I heard a choking noise from behind me. "You okay, bro? You need a drink?" Derek asked. 
"No, I'm good, Derek," Kyle replied. 
I blushed and made some comment to Dixon about focusing on work right now. Dixon continued to prattle on while I ate my slice of margarita–it felt like I was swallowing glass. It was obvious which twin was the outgoing one.
 "I'm heading out," I heard Rachel say and a few seconds later I felt a burning pain shoot through my fingers. I looked down at my hand to see a shoe pressing into my skin. "Good night everyone," Rachel smirked down at me. There was a look of pure malice in her eyes. 
I held in the scream that was bubbling in my throat. I would not give her the satisfaction of knowing she was hurting me. "Bye now," Cam said. "Don't let the door hit you in the ass on the way out. Oh wait, never mind." She waved enthusiastically at Rachel.
 Rachel huffed. "Kyle, walk me out? Now." She moved her foot and I pulled my hand towards me. Holding it against my stomach, I covered it with my other. 
"You okay there, Lee?" Mo asked. 
"Yeah, I'm good, just real thirsty. I'll be right back." I got up and went straight to the kitchen sink. Running the faucet, I let the cold water wash over my aching fingers. Thank god Rachel was skinny, otherwise my fingers could have been a lot sorer. I reckoned it was just bruising. They stung, but I could move them and I'd had a lot worse. 
"I'm sorry about today." I turned to see Kyle standing in the doorway. He was sorry? He looked guilty.
I turned off the tap and wrapped my hand in a tea towel. "Me too. I interfered in your business. I won't do it again."
Kyle stepped closer. "You hurt your hand or something?" He had that worried look on his face. Before I could move, he took my hand and slowly unwound the towel. "Holy shit, Lee. How'd you do that?" His thumb softly traced my swollen fingers. 
"I caught them in the door," I replied. 
He believed me. I was good at covering up. "Damn, Lee, you gotta be more careful. You could have snapped these. It could have been a lot worse." 
I grimaced. Kyle didn't realize how much more careful I needed to be. "Thanks, I'll be sure to remember that," I muttered. I needed to get out of here. 
"You know I'm sorry, right?" He was close. Too close. 
"You already said that," I replied, taking a step away from him and closer to the door. I needed to keep some distance between Kyle and I. Cam was right. I didn't want to get in the middle of his drama with Rachel. She was dangerous and I wasn't strong. He stared at me, his brow furrowed and I felt naked. It was disturbing how my body reacted to something as trivial as a look from Kyle, but I was on fire, burning up. 
"We're all gonna hit a club, you guys in?" I heard Derek call out. 
"Yeah, sure," I replied, relieved to have an escape from Kyle and his penetrating stare.


****

Kyle


This was all I needed. Lee in a fucking dress and Dixon chasing after her like some lovesick puppy. Granted it was one of those long dresses that girls wore during the summer, but I wanted to strangle Derek for his stupid fucking idea. I needed to go clubbing like I needed a hole in the head. Why was she here? Lee didn't do clubbing. 
Hell, she didn't do house parties. Her being here was messing with my head and I couldn't take my eyes off the way she moved her body on the dance floor. 
"You have to get a handle on this, man." 
I gave Derek my best death glare. "You don't know what you're talking about, Derek." It was his fucking fault.
"You know exactly what I'm talking about," he said quietly. "You're infatuation with little Lee over there." He pointed over to where she was being accosted by Dixon. "Dude, either walk away from her now, or do something about it. Stop sitting on the fence like a fucking girl." 
Deciding on the latter, I stood up and made my way through the crowd until I was behind her. I glared at Dixon as I tugged Lee's hips towards me. She staggered backwards against my chest and turned her neck. 
"Kyle," she whispered. Her eyes were wide, her lips tempting. I leaned down and nipped her neck. She made to turn towards me, but I stilled her. "What are you doing?" she asked, her voice thick with desire. 
The hell if I knew. 
I had no idea what I was doing anymore. Fuck, I thought I was just warning Dixon off, but now I couldn't move away. I flattened my right hand against her stomach and used my left hand to tilt her chin up. I kissed her softly at first, but Lee moaned into my mouth and I lost control. I turned her in my arms and pulled her roughly against me. Her hands slipped into my hair. Fuck, I loved it when she did that. Her touch was so gentle. It was as if she was treasuring me. 


****

Lee


Oh my god, Kyle was kissing me again. I knew I should pull back, but my heart disagreed. The lights were so dark in the club I could barely see him, but I could smell him and, oh god, I could feel him. I wanted him closer…I wanted to climb into him. 
I tugged on his hair and he growled into my mouth, grinding himself against me. I could feel his throbbing erection digging into my belly. I wanted him badly. I needed him to take this further because I wasn't sure how to. Running my hand down his chest, I gripped his belt buckle, hoping he would get the hint. 
He did. 
He sank his teeth into my lip and tugged. It should have hurt, but I was too aroused to feel anything but desire. When he released my lip, he ran his tongue over it and I sagged against him. "Do you want me?" I asked, opening my eyes to look up at him. 
His eyes were full of lust. He looked crazed with hungered desire. "I shouldn't," he whispered, as he cupped my cheeks with his hands. 
"You should," I countered bravely, taking one of his hands and placing it on my chest. He shuddered and closed his eyes. I could feel his warm hand tremble as he muttered a string of curse words. 
His eyes flashed open suddenly and he jerked his hands away. "Fuck," he hissed, before stalking off, leaving me standing on the dance floor, watching him walk away from me, taking my heart with him.


****

Chapter 6

Lee


Kyle was avoiding me. That much was obvious. It wasn't the typical storming-out-of-a-room-whenever-he-saw-me kind of avoidance…he was too smooth for that. Instead, he chose to regard me with the whole 'ignorance is bliss' theory. I tried not to care. I was busy with work and rarely at home during the day anymore. I had Linda pile so many extra shifts on me at the hotel that I shouldn't have had time to think about Kyle. I still did though, constantly. He wasn't the type of man a girl could forget. 
He was polite to me at dinner or if the others were around. That's where it ended though. He never touched me or stood too close. He avoided sitting next to me and always excused himself from the room when we were left on our own, but the tension between Kyle and I was still there, simmering away beneath the surface. I pretended not to notice the looks he gave me when he thought I wasn't looking, or the way his eyes followed me around the room. I tried not let him get to me, but couldn't stop the shredded feeling inside of me.
They were all returning to college soon. I was secretly jealous of them. Their opportunities were limitless, mine less so. I had brains, just no opportunity to use them–other than reading. I thought back to the evening two weeks ago when Kyle had come back from one of his business trips… 
It was a Thursday night and I had decided to join in a poker game. I was sitting beside Dixon, listening to him teaching me the rules when Kyle had strolled into the room. He'd sat in the armchair opposite to where I was on the floor, observing the game with a look of thunder on his face. Whenever Dixon had leaned too close to me, or left his hand on mine too long, Kyle had shifted in his chair or cleared his throat. 
His boiling point had been when I won a game and Dixon kissed my cheek. I hadn't wanted Dixon to touch me, much less kiss me, but I had remained still. 
Kyle hadn't. 
He had practically jumped out of the chair and stormed out, slamming the sitting room door behind him. I had gone after him, unsure as to why, but I had. "Is everything okay, Kyle?" I asked when I found him in the backyard. 
He was leaning against the garden wall, pressing his forehead against the cool stone. He swung around when I spoke. Glaring at me, he spat, "Is everything okay? How can anything be okay with you here?" He had then proceeded to kick over a flowerpot, implying some snide comment 'that he guessed I was just the same as the rest of them,' before storming into the house. After that, life was miserable in the house. 
Kyle made rude, suggestive comments whenever he had the opportunity and I stayed in my room more often than not. I wasn't sure why he had been so angry with me for playing poker. I guessed it was to do with mixing with his friends. 
I didn't join in any more poker games or go downstairs when they were having a party. 
I kept away from Kyle and his tumultuous mood swings. 


****


Kyle


She was driving me fucking insane. 
I couldn't get her out of my head. The way she felt when she was pressed up against me…I wanted in her so bad. I thought my balls would shrivel up and fall off. I had lost count of the women I'd slept with in a bid to get Lee out of my head in the last few weeks. They didn't help though. I'd just imagined her face every time I came, which defeated the purpose. She was taunting me on purpose, fucking flaunting herself around the place, flirting with Dixon. 
At the club she asked me if I wanted her…Was she crazy? Of course I fucking wanted her. That's why I walked away from her that night. I was doing this for her. I wished she wouldn't make it so goddamn hard for me. I should be relieved she flirted with Dixon. I couldn't have her and he was doing me a favor…
Then why did I feel like ripping his and every guy who looked at hers head off? 
"Dude, where are you going? We have class in like ten minutes?" Derek called from across the campus quad.
 I shook my head. "I've got to sort some work out." Fuck, this was harder than I thought it would be. I'd managed work and school last year without a hitch, but Lee was throwing a spanner in the works and my head was all over the place.
 

****


Lee


 I had arrived to work ten minutes early this morning. I'd wanted to get a head start on my chores. I'd been working at the hotel for two months and was settling into a comfortable routine. Every day I clocked in, checked the room roster, grabbed my cleaning cart and set off in the staff elevator. I liked to start on the top floor and work my way down to the first.
 I was scrubbing the skirting boards in the first floor corridor when Linda's voice called from behind me. "There you are," she said as she rushed towards me. I looked up from my hands and knees position on the floor. "I need you downstairs in the boss's office ASAP." She pulled me up and started loading my cloths and spray onto my trolley. "I'll get this cleared away, but you better get downstairs."
 I stood and straightened my dress. "Okay, is there something wrong?" I was nervous. Linda never asked me to do anything besides work my cleaning route. 
"Yes and no. Mr. Carter is here and he is a little angry. I went over his head hiring you. He usually does the hiring and the firing." 
Firing? 
I swallowed a gulp of air, my hands fluttered to my chest. 
"Oh, don't worry, Hun," Linda coaxed. "He's not the worst of them. He just didn't realize I hired you. He probably just wants to check you out for himself." She smiled at me sympathetically. "Go on now and don't keep him waiting." 
She gave me a little shove towards the elevator. 


****

Kyle


I couldn't sit still. I was so pissed. Linda was pressing my buttons again. I'd told her time and again that I wasn't hiring any more kids. And what did she do? Hire a teenager. A fucking teenage girl. 
I moved over to the desk and grabbed the envelope with the tasty check I had written out. It would soften the blow of being let go. Linda really should have known by now that young girls didn't work out here. I thought of the last disaster we had that involved a minor member of the staff. I had to pull in some major PR rep to cover up that dung heap of drama. God dammit, it was so hard to find good staff these days. 
There was a small knock on the door. "Come in," I called, still facing the window that looked out onto the street. I hated firing people. It wasn't something I enjoyed or relished doing but it had to be done. After Mindy Simmons and her scandalous affair with a certain guest and politician, I wasn't going to have another young girl drag the hotel's name through the gutter. Hell no, I was never going to be incriminated in that type of farce again. 
Fucking women.
I heard the door open and close, but didn't turn around. I didn't want to look at this girl Linda was so obviously fond of in the eyes. Linda had spoken up for her, this Delia kid. Apparently, the girl was a doing a fantastic job in housekeeping and had yet to make a mistake, but I couldn't risk it. "I'm sorry to call you in here like this, Delia, but I'm afraid your services will no longer be required," I said. 
I heard sniveling. 
Damn, I needed a drink. 
Making young girls cry was not something I was proud of. 
"I have enclosed a severance check for your inconvenience. You'll find I have been more than generous. I hope it will tie you over until you find employment elsewhere." When she didn't answer, I turned to look at the girl and my breath caught in my throat. 
What the hell was she doing here?
 "You're firing me? Did I do something wrong?" she asked with tears rolling down her cheeks. 
Shit.
Fuck.
Shit. 
"Lee?" I asked, totally confused by her being here–and totally turned on by the way she looked in that uniform. I walked over to where she was leaning against the closed door. "I thought your name was Lee?" 
She nodded, looking up at me, her pale gray eyes wild with fear. "It is. I mean, it's what people call me. My full name is Delia. Lee is a nickname that stuck. I prefer it to Delia." 
Irony was a cruel bitch. 
"Shit," I growled harshly, pulling at my tie to loosen it. How the fuck was this happening to me? It was hard enough to stay away from her at the house, but now she was in my goddamn office, dressed like that. My eyes narrowed, realization dawning on me. "Did you know I owned this place?" I asked. "Did Cam tell you? Did you think you'd get a job here just because you live with the boss?" I shook her shoulder to make her look at me. "What the fuck kind of game are you playing? Did some little bird tell you I was a good cash in?" 
She flinched away from me. "I'm not playing any game, I swear," she sobbed. "I didn't know you worked here until I walked into this room." 
I wasn't naïve enough to believe her. 
I knew women. They trapped men with money, or tried to. Was that it? Was that why Lee was here? Had she watched Rachel do it and thought she'd jump on the bandwagon? How convenient it was that she appeared at my house out of nowhere and now in my hotel as well.  I stared at her, trying to read the lies in her expression, but only saw the truth in her eyes. 
"I don't play games, Kyle. Ever." She placed her small hand on my forearm; her voice was no more than a whisper. "Whatever kind of women you are used to dealing with, they're not me." No, they were definitely nothing like Lee Bennett. "I'm not sure why you hate me so much," she whispered, blushing. "But I'm not trying to trick you. And I don't want your money. I promise." 
Was she serious? 
Lee thought I hated her? 
She couldn't be more wrong. I was obsessed with her. I was an ass to her because it was the only way to keep her away from me. Because I sure as hell couldn't stay away from her. I had promised Cam I'd keep my distance and I took my promises seriously. Yeah, I had caved a few times, but I hadn't taken her. Rachel's reaction had been the rude awakening I needed. I had to stay away from Lee, but dammit, she didn't make it easy on me. Strutting around the house, flirting with Dixon and now standing in my office, dressed like that…
 "How did I not know this was where you worked? How did I not see you in that?" I ran my hands over her dress and she shivered. 
"I get changed here. Please don't be mad at me," she whispered. 
I was nearly insane from watching and not touching. The look of desire in her eyes made me move closer. Fuck, she wanted me. I had no doubt about it. It was obvious from the way her eyes kept flickering from my eyes to my mouth. I'd been with enough women to know the signs. 
I leaned down towards her mouth. "You, looking at me like that…" I traced my fingers against her lips and she gasped. "You're gonna cause me some big problems, princess." I could not stop myself. I pressed my lips to hers. 
My first mistake was touching her, my second was tasting her. I knew I was deep trouble when I heard her sexy little moan as she wrapped her arms around my neck. 
I should stop this. 
I needed to stop. 
This was so wrong and my balls would be nailed if Cam found out, let alone Rachel, but Lee pressed her curvy little body against me and all thought and reason flew out the window. I grabbed her ass, hoisting her into my arms. She wrapped her legs around me as I pressed her against the door, feeling every soft curve and angle of her beautiful body. My lips moved to her neck, my hands to the back of her dress. I thanked god for my choice of uniform as I pulled down her zipper. 
Screw Cam. I needed this. I needed to get this damn girl out of my system. Once I fucked her, I could get on with my life and not be so obsessed. I placed her on her feet and busied myself with pulling the shoulder straps of her dress down. Her breasts fell out and I groaned. "Damn baby, you don't wear a bra?" I ducked my head to taste those sweet nipples. She was shaking. 
"I can't," she whimpered. "My uniform is tight… It doesn't tie when I wear one." She bit her lip and I needed more. 
I tore at her dress, pulling it up so I could access her. I pressed my hardness against her as I continued my attack on her tits. Her hands were in my hair, pulling wildly. I needed no more encouragement. I unzipped myself and hoisted her up. I rubbed the head of my cock against her opening. Fuck, she was so wet. "Kyle, I'm…" she whimpered against my lips. 
"Shh, baby. I got you." I reared back ready to slam myself into her when a loud knock sounded from the other side of the door. I froze and looked at Lee. 
The glimpse of horror in her eyes brought me crashing down to earth with a bang. "Shit," I muttered, pulling back quickly, practically dropping her on the floor. "Hold on," I called out, zipping up my pants. I pulled back to look at her and shuddered. 
She was the sexiest thing I had ever seen, leaning against the door of my office panting, her little dress around her waist, exposing her bare breasts and pink lace panties. She pressed her hand to her mouth. 
"Mr. Carter, the O Donnell party have arrived and are requesting your presence," I heard one of my staff say.
I ran my hands through my hair in frustration. "Tell them I'll be with them in a moment." My voice sounded strained, even to my own ears. I couldn't look at Lee. Every time I did, a flurry of emotions ran through me. I walked over to my desk and threw on my jacket. My head was swimming. What the fuck did I just do? 
I peered over at Lee as she struggled with the zip on her uniform. I let out a harsh breath and stalked over to her. I put my hands on her waist and pulled the zip up, trying to ignore the way my heart wouldn't calm the fuck down. Lee wasn't joking, that dress barely tied over her breasts. 
Shit. 
"Go back to work," I muttered, moving my hands away from her waist before I was tempted to start up where I left off. 
"I'm not fired?" she asked, turning to look at me. Her pink stained cheeks were adorable. She looked so fragile that I wanted to wrap her in my arms and hold her. 
I rebuked myself for thinking like that. I didn't think like that. I wasn't that kind of man. "For now," I muttered before I left the room. 
I had to get away from this girl. 
She was lethal to my self-control.
 

****

Lee


I hid in the toilet cubicle until it was blatantly clear that the person outside knocking wasn't going to go away. I stood up and tightened my hair band, securing my ponytail, and splashed some water on my face to cool my burning cheeks. It didn't help. My face, and every inch of my body, was on fire. 
Kyle was Mr. Carter. 
Mr. Carter was my boss. 
The same boss who had just ravaged me in his office. 
I couldn't wrap my brain around it. I pushed my thoughts aside and opened the bathroom door.
 "I thought it was you in there. Well, how did it go?" Linda stood in front of me, worrying her lip. She looked anxious. 
"Okay, I think," I whispered, slipping past her into the corridor.
 She fell into step beside me as we walked towards the staff locker room. "You think?" she asked confused. 
"Well…" I scraped my brain, trying to think of something formidable to say. "He had to meet a party of guests, so we only spoke briefly." Very briefly. Most of our conversation had been carried out with our tongues. I reddened thinking about the way Kyle had touched me. He had kissed me as if his life had depended on it. 
"He didn't fire you?" Linda asked in a toned of amazement.
 I shook my head, "He said my job was safe for now." 
We were walking, but Linda stopped and grabbed my shoulders. "Oh, Hun, how did you do it?" She had a look of sheer amazement on her face. 
I shook my head, confused. "I'm not following you. How did I do what?" I wanted this conversation to be over with. All I wanted to do was see Kyle again. I needed to know where his head was. Was it possible that he liked me the way I liked him? I thought about his hands on me and couldn't help but get my hopes up. 
"I think you may have cracked the stone," she murmured. 
I raised my brow at her, but she just smiled happily and walked on. I hurried along to my locker, ready to get out of here.
I was anxious to see Kyle again.


****


Kyle


I sat in my truck waiting for her to come out of the hotel. I'd checked her schedule and knew her shift finished at eight. It was a quarter after. She was late. I flicked through the channels on the radio, but I didn't hear anything. I was too fucking nervous. Jesus, I hadn't been nervous about anything since I was a kid. 
What was Lee Bennett doing to me?
We had to talk and I wasn't looking forward to it. Hell, I was dreading it. What the fuck was I supposed to say? 'Hey Lee, thanks for letting me suck your sweet titties, but I'm not interested in more?' What a crock. 
Of course I was interested in more. I was interested in every single detail of her life. That's why I'd spent the last three hours in my office, snooping around in her personal life. I'd told myself it was for employer purposes, but that was a bullshit lie. I didn't need the piece of paper in my hands, telling me every detail about her. That information was already burnt into my memory.
 I wasn't sure what I was looking for when I checked up on her, but I was relieved to discover she had no criminal record, no record of drug or alcohol abuse. She didn't smoke and had ticked single on her file info. I'd made a few calls to her high school in Montgomery and discovered that Lee had perfect school attendance for the first three and half years of high school, until she dropped out back in April, two months before senior graduation. What confused me was why Lee would drop out with two months to go, when she had a 4.0 GPA... I was so engrossed in my findings that I almost didn't notice her coming out of the building. 
Almost.
She looked up at my truck for a moment, before slowly walking towards me. Shoving the paper into the dashboard, I pressed on a button and the window rolled down. She looked straight in the window at me and smiled shyly. This was going to sting like a bitch. 
"Get in," I said. "We have to talk."


****

Lee


My heart flipped inside my chest when I saw Kyle parked outside when I came out of work. I was prepared for my usual walk home. "Get in. We need to talk," he said shortly. 
The smile I was wearing evaporated. 
My heart stopped flipping and sank in my stomach. 
This was bad. 
I opened the passenger door and climbed in, well, I attempted to climb in. After the third attempt at trying to hoist myself up, Kyle came around and lifted me in. My body trembled when he touched my hips.  I couldn't fasten the complicated seat belt either, so he strapped me in. "How was your day?" I asked when the silence in the car became unbearable. 
Kyle shifted in his seat and turned down the volume on the radio. I hadn't realized it was on. He had rolled his sleeves up to his elbows. I was having a hard time concentrating on anything other than the light dusting of hair on his muscled forearms … "It was…hard," he stopped and cleared his throat. "Lee, we need to talk." 
I agreed with that. I nodded for him to continue. He sighed, but said nothing. I turned to look at him and gasped when I saw the turmoil in his eyes. He looked like he was at war with himself. After what felt like a year instead of seconds, he spoke. "What happened between us in my office cannot happen again." 
I sank into my seat. 
He regretted it. 
He regretted me. 
He took my silence as a means to continue torturing me. "I shouldn't have touched you… I can't let that happen again, Lee. Do you understand why?" 
I nodded. No, I didn't understand, but I didn't want to hear all of the reasons why he didn't want me. 
"I'm not good for you, Lee," he whispered. "I can't give you more…and you're the type of girl who deserves more. We live in the same house and now you're working for me. It can't happen again. I'm sorry if I led you on, or made you think this was more than it is…" 
I couldn't listen anymore. "It's okay, Kyle. I understand," I whispered, desperate for this car ride to be over so I could crawl into my bed and die of the humiliation. 
"I'm sorry, Lee." 
I nodded in response. 


****


I jumped out of the truck the moment he pulled up to the house. I needed to get away from him. As I slid my key in the hole, the front door swung inwards.
 "Lee? You're crying. What happened?" Cam stood before me, clearly bewildered. 
I barged past her and ran for my room. I couldn't talk to her right now. I flung myself down on my bed just as my bedroom door opened.
 "Lee, what the hell is wrong with you?" Cam asked, rushing over to me. 
"Go away," I sobbed. This was humiliating enough without an audience.
 "Not until you tell me what happened?" 
I pushed myself up on my forearms and swung my head around to look at her. She was sitting on my bed with worry etched on her face. "Why didn't you tell me Kyle owned the hotel? Why didn't you tell me he was my boss, Cam?" 
Cam's face paled. "Who told you?" she asked quietly. 
"No one. I discovered that little piece of information all by myself when he called me into his office today." I pulled myself up and sat facing her. "How could you not tell me? Why didn't you tell him?" 
Cam scrunched her nose. "He fired you, didn't he?" I frowned. Her question sounded like more a statement. "Look, Lee, I didn't tell you because Kyle is weird about people knowing. He doesn't like people knowing how much he's worth. It wasn't my place to say anything. I didn't tell Kyle because he doesn't hire girls as young as you. He had a lot of shit with some girl a while back, so it's like his cardinal rule. When you told me you got the job I partly guessed he didn't know. I was just trying to have your back." 
 That was a solid explanation. 
It made much more sense than the crazy theories I had rushing around my brain. "Oh," I said sheepishly. I felt bad that I overreacted. Cam always had my back. "I'm sorry for being a bitch, Cam." 
She smirked at me. "Don't worry about it babe. I'd be furious if my roommate fired me, too." She stood up and stretched her back out. "I'm gonna go kick his ass." She moved to the door. 
"He didn't fire me," I said quickly. He just gave me the time of my life in his office before ripping my heart to shreds in his car.
 Cam swung back to face me. "For real? What happened when he called you into his office?"
 I ducked my head to cover my burning cheeks. "Um, nothing. He just told me that my job was safe for now." 
Her eyes narrowed. "Did anything else happen?" 
I shook my head. "No, nothing."


****

Chapter 7

Kyle


I didn't see Lee around much after our talk in my truck. Well, my talk. She hadn't said more than a few words. I couldn't figure out what she'd thought when I told her that we had to stop, but it was pretty obvious from her absence around the house that she was avoiding me. I saw her at work, but I kept my distance. I didn't want her to be uncomfortable. 
Linda had her covering a few shifts waitressing in the main restaurant. I wanted to tell Linda to fuck off and keep Lee upstairs out of harm's way–and out of view of all the bastards who ogled her. I also wanted to rip the tight little black server skirt and white blouse off her hot body, but I couldn't do a thing. Linda was already suspicious as to why I kept Lee on, instead of firing her as I originally planned. I couldn't be angry with Linda for being suspicious. The woman had razor sharp intuition and she knew my ass better than anyone. 
She was on to me and I knew it. 
I never could hide much from Linda, not even when she showed up at the McMullen's Center with my grandfather to take me away from my final foster home. I had been a lonely twelve-year-old kid with a dirty mouth and an even worse attitude. I'd never told anyone–because frankly it made me a pussy–that I'd thought Linda was an angel that day. Sent down from heaven to take me away from all the shit. She helped my grandfather raise me…well, truth be told the woman had practically raised me herself, and I hadn't made it easy. I was pretty fucked up back then. I had given both Linda and grandpa hell for the first couple of years. 
Frank Henderson was all right for an old guy, smart and shrewd, but he hadn't the slightest clue of what to do with a pissed off teenage boy who was angry at the world. I still wondered what the hell he'd been thinking when he claimed me. Don't get me wrong, I was grateful, really fucking grateful to get out of the system, but I could never understand his reasons for doing it. He'd uprooted his life–and his hotel manager's–to play mommies and daddies with me. I understood even less the day I walked into his lawyer's office and was handed the deeds to his business. 
Twenty hotels and three properties…
Everything Frank Henderson had worked his whole life for, he'd entrusted to me. 
He'd been a proud man and we'd gotten along, but sometimes I wondered if I'd ever really known the man. Linda was all I had left in the world that I could call family. I had blood relatives in the form of my father, his wife and their son. However, I'd rather chew my fucking arm off than concern myself with them. I could barely tolerate them and had no remorse for feeling that way. My father didn't deserve remorse. And the only feelings I had for him were of pure hatred. Hatred for knocking up a sixteen-year-old girl with a fondness for white powder, and walking away without a care for the repercussions. 
I was a big motherfucker repercussion. 
It was no wonder I was such an asshole. Having a cold-hearted whore for a father didn't exactly bring out warmth and fuzziness in a person. I was an asshole for pushing Lee away though–for being the reason she locked herself away in her room as soon as she came home from work.
 I guess the apple never falls too far from the tree. 
It was better this way. This way she wouldn't get hurt. As much of a heartless prick that I was, I never wanted to hurt Lee. Cam was right in what she had said. Lee was fragile. 
I knew from Derek that Lee had been out with Cam and him. It just put proof to the pudding that it was me she was avoiding. I should feel relieved that she was keeping away from me, but instead, I just felt… empty.
 My phone rang and I answered it without checking the screen. 
"Hey handsome," she said in her usual fake, sultry tone. It sounded like someone was scraping their nails down a chalkboard when she spoke.
 "What's up, Rachel?" I leaned back in my chair, shifting my feet to rest on my desk and reminded myself to check my fucking caller ID in the future.
 "I'm in the lobby. I thought we could have lunch?" Yeah right... Having lunch with Rachel meant she was looking for something. And that something usually came with a big fat price tag. 
"Grab a seat in the main restaurant," I muttered, dejected. "I'll be there soon."


****

Lee


"What can I get you?" I stood with my notepad and pen in hand, braced to take their orders. Kyle was sitting in a corner booth with Rachel next to him. 
She was sneering at me. 
He was staring wide-eyed and fumbling with his keys. 
I focused on keeping my breathing even. I wanted to run away and cry. 
"How's your hand, little girl?" she sniggered. 
I didn't dare make eye contact with the evil redhead. She really didn't like me. It didn't take a genius to figure that much out. I pretended not to hear her and focused my attention on Kyle instead. It was the first time I'd faced him since the office incident. 
He had the decency to blush. "I'll have a milkshake and the soup please, Lee." 
I nodded and wrote his order down. 
Rachel clicked her fingers against the table and I forced myself to look at her with as much of a smile that I could muster. "Lee? What kind of a name is that for a girl?" 
I cringed, my face glowing with embarrassment. "It's short for Delia. It was my momma's name. I was named after her." 
She smirked, her green eyes gleaming. "Well then, your momma's name is disgusting." The pen fell from my hands as I struggled to reign in my temper. That bitch crossed the line bringing up my mother. "Would you mind taking my order?" she said. "I know you're a little slow on the uptake, but that is what your job entails." 
I couldn't stop the tears from rolling down my face. They were angry tears. I bent down to pick up the pen. 
"Back off, Rach," I heard Kyle say quietly, which only made me cry more. Why did he have to be involved with such evil?  
"Are you okay, Lee?" Mike asked as he bent down and handed me my pen.  I shook my head. He placed his hand on my shoulder. "Why don't you go take your break? I'll serve these two." 
I nodded grateful for the escape. 
I heard Kyle call my name, but I was too annoyed to stop. 
I got to my feet and fled.


****


Kyle


"Keep your bitch on a leash, Carter," Mike snarled as he glowered at us. "Lee doesn't need your skanky girlfriend in her face." 
I was up and in his face in seconds. "Say it again, asshole," I dared. Mike sneered at me and I wanted to stick my fist down his throat. I hadn't realized Lee and Mike knew each other. 
The thought made my blood run cold. 
"Oh boys, are you fighting over me again? I thought we did that already?" I glared at Rachel. She was enjoying this.
 "Why don't you get back in your coffin, Rachel," Mike snapped. 
Rachel stood up. I could feel the anger rippling off her in waves. "Screw you, Mike," she hissed. 
"I’ve already done that, sweetheart, and it wasn't that memorable," he shot back. 
Rachel snorted and stormed past the both of us.
"Stay away from her," I warned. 
Mike focused his attention back to me and smiled darkly. "Who, Rachel? You can have her." He turned and headed back to the kitchen. 
"That's not who I meant," I shouted after him. 
He turned and grinned, his brown eyes full of malice. "I know."


****

Lee


I was exhausted by the end of my shift. I finished stacking the chairs on top of the tables with a heavy heart. I picked up the mop bucket and headed out back to empty it. Walking past the office, I noticed the light on inside. 
Huh, I thought everyone had left? 
I was closing up tonight. Thank god I was on the morning shift for the rest of the week. These late night shifts had me beat. I knocked  and poked my head around the door. 
Linda was sitting at her desk, which was covered in papers. She looked exhausted. Mike was sitting on a chair on the other side of the desk, with his foot propped on the desk. "Is it okay if I take off, Linda?" I asked, blushing when she jumped. I had clearly startled her. 
Linda stood up and stretched. "Of course, I'll lock up. Thanks again for covering that extra shift."  I smiled and went to leave when Linda called me back. "Hun, I heard about what happened earlier." I froze, waiting for her to chastise me. "I'm sorry that happened to you," she said. "That Rachel is a shark. I'll put you on the housekeeping shift for the rest of the week." 
Mike smiled at me with a guilty look…so he had told Linda. 
"I'm still scheduled for the morning shift tomorrow though, right?" I asked.
 "Yes, yes," Linda said. 
"Okay, thanks, see you both tomorrow." 
I was by the front door when Mike stopped me. "Is somebody collecting you tonight?" he asked. "Or can I give you a ride?" We ate lunch together every day, but I didn't know Mike well enough to take a ride from him. 
"My friend Cam is waiting on me," I lied.
 "Oh, that's too bad," he muttered. "I thought we could have dinner, grab a movie?" 
Wait, was Mike asking me out? 
"You barely know me?" I blurted out. 
Smooth. 
Mike smiled. "But I want to know you." 
Mike had a great smile, but I didn't feel anything when he smiled at me, nothing compared to what I felt when Kyle did–not that Kyle smiled at me very often. "Um, maybe. Look, I better get going. Goodnight, Mike." 
That was not going to happen anytime soon. 
I did not need any more complications in my life.


****

Kyle


"Come on, Kyle. It'll be fun. You do remember the meaning of fun, don't you?" Cam joked as she pulled on her coat.
 "Ha-ha," I retorted. 
She clapped her hands "Very good," she praised me in an overexcited voice. 
She was a wise ass. 
It was Friday night and that usually meant hitting up a few bars and a club or two. I wasn't feeling it tonight. "No, go on without me," I said. "I'm tired." 
Cam frowned. "Kyle, I swear you are sounding more like Lee by the minute." 
I forced a laugh, but my chest hurt when I thought of Lee. I fucked up big time today. I had let Rachel talk to her as if she was a piece of shit off the street. I had done nothing. 
I owed her a super-sized apology, with a side order of groveling. 
Lee could hate me all she wanted, but she needed to stay the hell away from Mike. 


****

Lee


I picked up a large cheese pizza from a 24-hour deli on my thirty-minute walk home. It was past eleven when I reached our front door. Letting myself in, I tossed my bag in the hall and kicked off my sneakers. Friday night was the biggest party night in my housemates' lives, so I knew the house would be empty. No one was ever here on a Friday night–except for me. I grabbed myself a bottle of water from the refrigerator and walked into the living room. 
Finding Kyle sprawled out on the couch was not something I had anticipated, or was thrilled about. I was still upset about earlier. I debated turning around and running upstairs, but I forced my feet to move forward. I was going to have to get used to being around him. He was my roommate after all, and my boss…
"Hey," he croaked, pulling himself up to make room for me to sit down. "You're late tonight." His eyelids were heavy. I had woken him up. 
"I know. I just finished my shift. Linda had me cover Theresa's shift." I sat on the other side of the couch, as far away as I could from him. 
"Again?" he asked stretching. "That's the third time this week." I nodded, surprised that he would know that. "Linda needs to get her shit together," he growled. "I'll have a word with her."
 I grabbed his arm in alarm. "Please don't, Kyle," I begged. "I like Linda and she's good to me. I don't want her upset with me."  
Sighing, he patted my knee. "Okay, relax, I won't bring it up. Just make sure that you say no if you're too tired, Lee. I don't want to wear you down." 
I plopped the pizza box in between us, needing a little space. I felt too worked up by the fact that Kyle was talking to me to worry about…well, work. I wasn't sure why he was even speaking to me. He usually ignored me. Pathetic as it sounded, I craved his company. "Hungry?" I asked.



****


We sat side-by-side, gorging on pizza and watching some crummy sitcom rerun. It was…nice. "How come you're not out tonight?" I asked between bites of my pizza, turning my head to face him.
 "I'm just sick of drama. I am in desperate need of a chick-free night," he answered through chews. 
"In case it has slipped your attention, I happen to have a vagina," I mumbled as we both went for the last slice. I immediately blushed from my outburst. I would have never spoken like that back home. I could feel the heat burning my cheeks. 
Did I just say vagina to Kyle?  
Kyle made a choked noise as he tore the slice in half and handed me the bigger half. My stomach grumbled in appreciation. He looked over at me smiling and poked me in the side. "I’m well aware that you have a vagina, but you're different." He sighed heavily. "I need to apologize to you about earlier, Lee." He stretched his hand towards me and rubbed his thumb across my chin. "You have a little tomato sauce, just… there." 
I lowered my burning face and I could have sworn he stuck his thumb in his mouth. I was wondering if he would bring up the restaurant incident. I hadn't because I was too afraid he would leave. I really was pathetic. I tucked my legs underneath me and turned to face him. "Kyle, we don't have to…" 
"Rachel was a bitch. She shouldn't have spoken to you like that," Kyle interrupted. Rachel being a bitch to me was nothing new. She had a snide remark every time she saw me. 
"It's fine, Kyle."
 He frowned, his brows furrowed. "No, no it's not. She made you cry…and I did nothing. I should have said something." 
I shrugged. Yes, he should have, but he never did. I wondered what was going on with them. Why did he bother with Rachel? She was just plain nasty. Whatever was between them couldn't be worth the hassle of staying with her. Kyle could do so much better than her. "It's okay," I said. "It's not like you talk to me anymore anyway. I'm used to being ignored."
 He flinched and I felt bad immediately. "Is that how you feel, Lee? Like I ignore you?"
 Of course that's how I felt. 
That's what he did every time he saw me. 
I nodded.
 "I'm sorry, princess, I don't mean to… I don't want you to feel like that." 
My heart skipped when he called me princess. It had been a long time since he had. "Kyle, it's okay. Honestly, I overreacted. Rachel just touched a raw nerve, bringing up my mother." 
He scooted closer to me. "I've never heard you talk about your mother. Why is that?" 
I shifted uncomfortably in my chair. "Um, that's because I never knew her. She died giving birth to me." 
I heard him exhale sharply, but I kept my eyes focused on the television. "Shit, I didn't know that, Lee." 
I smiled at him. He looked truly upset. "How could you, Kyle? Don't worry about it. I'm going to get some more water, you want anything?" When he didn't answer I went and got myself another bottle of water. 
"My mom's dead, too," Kyle said when I returned to the couch. 
I sank onto the couch beside him. "Oh, I'm sorry." My heart swelled for him. "How old were you when she passed away?" I was sorry for him. Losing a mother was the worst feeling in the world for a child. To be missing that crucial element, a mother's love. 
"Three. I don't remember her." His face looked like the subject was closed and I briefly wondered why he had brought it up if he was not going to discuss it further. 
I was desperate to change the subject though, and keep him from leaving. "So, are we going to try and be friends now?" I asked nervously, outstretching my hand to him. I only wanted to know the answer if it was good news. I couldn't take any more bad news. 
Kyle shook his head, smiling softly. "Yeah, princess, we can try." He took my hand and shook it before pulling me closer. "But if this goes wrong, just remember I warned you. I tried to protect you."
 He released my hand and my head was swimming. What did that mean? He tried to protect me? I asked him about something else that he had said that was still bugging me. "You said earlier I was different from other girls? How am I different?" I needed to know. It really bothered me that he didn't think I was a normal girl. It was obvious he found it easy to ignore me, but I was most definitely still aware of his maleness. 
He sighed and turned to face me. Pulling one leg up on the couch, he let the other hang on the floor. Smiling, he chuckled. "Do we really need to have this conversation?" His smile was infectious and I felt myself mirroring him. 
I was so happy we were off the topic of dead mothers. "We most definitely do, my female pride is wounded," I replied. "Don't try and dodge the question, sir," I joked. 
"Sir?" He laughed and sat up straighter, resting one arm over his bent knee. His eyes were a tranquil blue.
"That's what everyone at work calls you." The girls at work called Kyle Carter worse names than sir–sexually predatory names that were too vulgar to contemplate saying out loud. "And since we're on the subject of work," I said. "What's with ordering strawberry milkshakes? What are you, nine?" 
He gaped at me and I sniggered. "Twenty-two, and I'll have you know milkshakes are a great source of calcium. Maybe you should try one sometime, short-ass." 
I leaned over and tugged at his sweater playfully. "Okay," I chuckled. "I think we both know by now that I'm vertically challenged, so quit dodging and answer my question."
 Kyle reached up and pulled my hand into his lap and played with my fingers. I don’t think he even realized he was doing it, but it felt right when he touched me. I always wanted to be touching him. "When I say you're different, princess, it's because you are, plain and simple." 
"Gee thanks, Kyle. So I'm plain, simple and a short-ass." I pulled my hand back, but he was too quick for me.
 "Hey, now don't get cranky. I meant that as a compliment." He looked down at our joined hands and then back at me. He was smiling. "You're not like any other woman I have ever met. You are honest and kind. You are probably the only girl in the whole damn world who I can say that about," he sighed and puckered his brow. "Lee, what you represent for me is the opposite of everything I hate in women. Being around you is as easy as breathing…it's addictive." He exhaled deeply and smiled his half-moon smile. "Satisfied?" 
Was I satisfied with that? 
I wasn't sure, but I was confused. He never stayed around me long enough to test his theory. I nodded slowly, accepting his answer as the best explanation I was going to get. If I was the exact opposite of what he hated, then did that mean he…No, I wasn't going to get my hopes up. 
I knew enough to know that Kyle Carter had an incredible talent for pulling the rug out from under my feet. 
He squeezed my fingers and I lifted my eyes to his. "What?" I asked. 
"You looked lost in thought," he said. 
I nodded. "I guess I'm trying to figure you out. You are a mystery, Kyle Carter. Every time I think I've figured you out, you reveal another layer."  
He snorted and laced our fingers together once again. "Well, when you figure me out, could you tell me because I'd love to know?" he asked quietly. I thought he was joking, but his face was serious. I just smiled in response. I had no reply for that.  "Since we're on the topic of sharing, you wanna tell me why you're not in college? You're eighteen. You should be starting your freshman year, not bussing tables and cleaning toilets for minimum wage." 
Whoa, where did that come from?
 "There is no law against not going to college, Kyle." I did not want to go into this. I felt inferior enough as it stood, especially since I learned he was my boss as well as my landlord. I was so far down the ladder from him I was invisible. 
Sensing my mood, he changed the subject. "When's your birthday?" 
I looked at his smiling face and reddened. "October second. When's yours?"
 He grinned, the sexy dimple causing havoc to my insides. "March eleventh. Yours is closer. We should celebrate. Maybe we could do a few shots?" 
I stared at him open-mouthed and he chuckled. I wasn't used to this version of Kyle. I liked this Kyle… A lot. "Hey, I thought we were doing the friend's thing, no flirting," I teased, even though I enjoyed his flirting almost as much as his kissing. Well almost…
"You should be in college, princess."
 I clammed up inside, my body tensed as I pulled away from him. I slipped away from him and moved towards the door. "I'm pretty beat, I'm gonna go to bed. Night, Kyle," I mumbled. 
I thought I heard Kyle groan as I closed the door behind me.


****

Kyle


Lee rushed out of the room so fast after I mentioned the college thing that I knew I must have touched a nerve. The kicked puppy look on her face made me want to kick myself in the balls. God, I hated being the one to put that look in her eyes. I wanted to know why she didn't finish school. There was more to this than she was saying. I didn't know her mom had died when she was a baby. Damn Rachel and her razor tongue for bringing that up. 
I couldn't believe I told her about my mother. I didn't talk about my mom. Ever. It was too fucking painful…
Touching her on the couch had been a bad idea. I was fucking riled up. I shifted off the couch in frustration and went upstairs. I couldn't believe I had agreed to this friendship thing. The thoughts I had of her were far from friendly. 
I shook my head. 
Fuck, I was going to do this. 
I could be her friend. 
I needed to run, get out of this house for a while, or take a very cold shower.
Lee was costing me sleep every night that I slept in the room next to hers.


****


Chapter 8

Lee


Since Cam and Derek were a couple, I found myself spending a lot of time with Kyle when we were at home. I think I secretly used the couple card as an excuse to allow myself to be around Kyle so much. He made me feel alive and he was easy to be with. I had even gotten used to being around him without drooling…well, almost. He was still the most beautiful man I had ever seen in real life. I didn't think that could ever be changed or altered. We had even started hanging out outside the house, purely platonically of course. 
He gave me a ride home from work most nights if he was free and I tagged along with him to the library, where he was a member. It was heaven in that library. I loved reading and hadn't had the opportunity to join a library since I arrived. I had always loved reading. It was my thing. Besides, I had never been in a library so well stocked. The library in my old high school was outdated by about thirty years. To be fair to him, Kyle had said no more on the subject of college, and bravely faced the tufting of the elderly librarian on several occasions to check out romance novels for me. 'Girly porn,' he called them. I preferred the term 'romance novels.' He helped me set up my own membership. 
He was great, we had become friends–close friends. I spent most of my free time with Kyle, and with every day that passed I became more and more enthralled with him. Most days it felt like I had no balance in my life anymore. My plates had shifted and were now focused entirely on Kyle. I lived for our private talks, when he sought me out at work, or when he touched me without realizing he was doing it. 
The one thing I struggled to deal with was Kyle's women. Every time I had a shift waitressing, he was there. He had a different woman at his table every single time. 
It drove me crazy. 
I tried to be rational about the whole thing; Kyle owned the hotel and many of his lady friends were business clients, but that didn't stop my skin from crawling, or stop the acid burning my throat every damn time he came in. I had already snapped four pencils taking his orders. Of course we were friends now, so he always sat in my section, but some days I wished he could read my mind and see how much he was hurting me–flaunting these girls in front of me. The worst days were the ones when he brought Rachel to the hotel. When she was with him he sat in a different section and ignored me. Those days I cried in the bathroom, because being ignored by Kyle Carter was about the worst feeling in my world…
"You with me, princess?" 
I jumped, startled from my reverie. We were sitting in his truck and Kyle was looking at me curiously as he unbuckled his belt. "Are we at the library already? Sorry, I was miles away." I fiddled with the buckle on my belt, but it didn't budge. You would think from the amount of time I spent in Kyle's truck I would have mastered unbuckling myself, but sadly no. 
"Yep," he said. "What were you thinking?"
 I pulled some more at my buckle, flustered and embarrassed. I was not telling Kyle that he was all I ever thought about. I was obsessed. "I was thinking that you should get a jeep with normal belts, not these baby harnesses." 
Kyle burst out laughing. "Baby harnesses?" He leaned over and swiftly unbuckled me. "It's an off road harness."
 I snorted. "Off road? It's a pretty jeep, but why don't you have a nice little car, something girl-friendly?" 
Kyle leaned over and clasped my chin gently in his hand. "Truck. It's a truck, princess. Besides, you're the only girl who rides in my baby." His eyes twinkled and his dimple deepened as he grinned. His closeness thrilled me and I had to tell my body to calm down. He released my chin and hopped out. It was so much easier for those not vertically challenged. He walked over to my door and opened it. "And please don't call my truck pretty, you'll hurt her feelings."
 I giggled, heat swelling inside at his close proximity, "Oh, I'm sorry, sir. It is the prettiest, manliest truck I've ever seen."  
He groaned in feigned frustration. Kyle clamped his hands around my waist and pulled me out of the truck, setting me down on the sidewalk in one swift movement.
 I held in the gasp that was forcing its way up my throat. It did funny things to my insides when he did that. I should have been used to it by now. Kyle always helped me in and out of his truck, but every time was like the first for me. 
"Your sarcasm wounds me," he joked, grabbing my hand. I looked twice at the casual gesture. 
'Be calm, you idiot, this means nothing,' I chanted to myself as I followed Kyle up the steps to the entrance of the library. I couldn't contain my excitement when we got inside. 
I loved this place. 
I loved that Kyle was the one who brought me. 


****


Kyle


"Oh, I love this place," Lee squealed the minute we walked through the door. She squeezed my hand tightly. 
Goddammit, I was jealous of the library now. 
I wanted to get that kind of reaction from her. It was a major blow to my ego when she reacted indifferent with me, but squealed with pleasure over checking out some books. I realized quickly that Lee loved books. She was quiet in crowds, was absent for parties, but the girl loved to read. I silently thanked baby Jesus that I asked her to check out the library that first time. I had to run into the office to sign some paperwork one afternoon when I was collecting her from her shift, and had asked Lee if she wanted to check out the library down the street from the hotel, rather than wait around the hotel for an hour. 
She had been so excited, skipping down the street to the library. I had brought her half a dozen times since then and every time she was as excited as the first. I pulled on her hand, bringing her closer to me. "Calm down, geek. You'll get your word food soon enough." 
She smiled up at me, her plush lips stretching to reveal those straight white teeth of hers. God bless her, she was the poster girl for orthodontists worldwide. Her gray eyes sparkled as she beamed at me. My breath caught in my throat. She was stunning. "Well, let's hurry. I need to be filled right now." 
My cock twitched the minute those words came out of her mouth. Lee, unaware of the suggestiveness of her words, let go of my hand and darted to the closest aisle, her ass swaying in those damn jeans, oblivious to my raging hard on. "Kyle, are you coming?" she called after me. 
Damn. 
"Yeah, I think I might."


****

Chapter 9
 

Lee


I had always dreaded Saturday mornings in Montgomery. After four months of living in Boulder, I could safely say I still did–for less painful, but far more embarrassing reasons. We were in Deacon, Cam's favorite department store. The very store she dragged me to on my first day off work every weekend. I hated shopping, but Cam coveted her customary Saturday splurges and always dragged me along with her. 
The boys had come with us today, but had gone off in the direction of the liquor store. There was a party tonight at Dixon's and Derek and Kyle had decided that the case of beer at home wasn't enough, and they were low on supplies–even though our refrigerator was crammed with beer. I partially guessed it was an excuse to evade Cam. I wished I had gone with them, but my arms were Cam's shopping basket and were currently holding more bras and panties than I owned. 
I hoped the other shoppers didn't think they were for me. I could never be as saucy as miss agent provocateur in front of me. I held up a pair of the panties for closer inspection and blushed immediately. "Crotch-less panties? Really, Cam?" 
She smirked as her eyes glided over the rails of dresses. "What? Derek may get hungry." Uh, I thought I might vomit. I made a gagging noise. "Seriously, babe, you would look fierce in this dress. Try it on for me?" 
I paled when I saw the dress Cam was suggesting. "No way, put it back." Calling that scrap of material a dress was pushing it. It looked more like underwear. It was a short sparkly little number, red in color, with a deep plunge line.
 "Oh, come on, Lee, it's fabulous and you'll look smoking hot wearing it tonight." 
That was never going to happen. "If my daddy thought I was wearing clothes like that he'd whoop me from here back to Louisiana, Camryn Frey."
 Cam grinned wickedly. "It's a good thing your daddy isn't here then, isn't it."  She walked towards the counter and I practically tackled her. 
"No, Cam, please put it back…besides, I'm not going to the party, so buying me something to wear is pointless." I tried to grab the dress from her hands, but the damn giant held it up out of my reach.
 "Chill, Lee, don't be so square," Cam laughed as she handed the dress to the girl behind the counter. "Oh and FYI, you are going to the party tonight. I am tired of watching you hide away from life. It's high time you got off the side-lines and jumped into the game." 
I reddened and huffed loudly. That was not going to happen. I liked the sidelines. "Hell will freeze over before I wear that, Camryn. Put it back. Please." She ignored my pleas as I stood there pouting.
"Easy, princess." Kyle's voice came from behind me. I automatically jumped. 
"Who rattled your cage?" Derek asked, glancing from me to Cam with an amused expression. Great the guys arrived to witness my shame. I winced. 
"Oh guys, maybe you can tell Lee to loosen up." Cam handed her card over to the cashier, who swiped it through the machine, then bagged the dress. "She's having a coronary over a little dress shopping for the party tonight." 
I glared at Cam. "Little, being the operative word. And I told you I'm not going." 
Kyle raised his brow in surprise. "Whatcha buy?" I could hear the humor in his tone. 
"Nothing, I didn't buy anything and I won't be wearing anything," I grumbled. 
"Whoa, Lee, it's not that kind of party," Derek joked, covering his eyes with one hand and pretending to beat me away with the other. I grabbed the bag from Cam before she could embarrass me any further by showing them. "I can't believe you actually got the ice queen to buy something other than jeans. I'm shocked," Derek joked as he slung his arm around Cam's shoulder. They both laughed. 
"Are you guys done?" I snapped, storming off in the direction of the exit.
 "Awh, come on, ice queen, we were joking. Come back." I heard Derek call out, but I was too upset to stop. I walked out straight out of the store and made my way to the entrance of the shopping mall. 
"Hold up." 
An arm swooped around my waist and I stopped, my heartbeat soaring from his familiar touch. Kyle pulled me closer, speaking into my ear. "They're only trying to get a reaction out of you, baby." 
Baby… 
My heartbeat jumped clean off the richter scale. "I'm not like that." I shivered and turned to face him. "I can't wear things like that. Like what Cam wears." 
Kyle knitted his brow. "Come on, I'm taking you out of here." He clutched my hand and led me outside. 
"Wait. What about Cam and Derek?" We all drove here together in Kyle's truck. We couldn't leave Cam and Derek behind.
 Kyle pulled his phone out and fiddled with it for a few seconds before putting it back in his pocket. "They can get a bus, or walk. I really don't give a shit. I'm taking you for food." We got to his truck and he opened the passenger door for me. "I texted Derek, so don't worry about them." He lifted me up without a second thought and I sank into the passenger seat, my heart continuing to somersault around in my chest.  Walking around the truck, Kyle climbed in beside me. "You okay?" he asked as he buckled me in. It was routine for us now. 
"Yeah," I breathed, completely mortified at my reaction in the store. "I'm sorry for being dramatic. I don't know why I reacted like that. I just hate when Derek calls me that. I know he's only joking, but it hurts…" I ducked my head and let my hair cover my burning cheeks. I blinked back the tears that were threatening to spill.
 Kyle's fingers pressed my chin up gently. Those baby blues penetrated me. "He was an asshole to you. He won't be again. You're not used to being on show like that. Cam should know better."
 I sighed, leaning slightly into his touch. I felt so comfortable in his presence. It felt so good when he touched me. "She was trying to be nice, buying me a dress, and I behaved like a lunatic."
He unbuckled my belt and yanked me into his arms. He smelled so good. I felt secure in his arms. "I could kill them for upsetting you." 
I giggled nervously. "Please don't. I'm fond of them–minus the assholeness." 
He exhaled dramatically. "Okay, for you, I'll let it go." Kyle sat back and re-buckled our belts. "So, there's no chance I'm gonna see you in that dress, is there?" 
He was trying to lighten the mood. 
Chuckling, I held the bag closer to my chest. "Not in a million years."


****

Kyle


Lee was unusually quiet during dinner. She had barely taken a bite of her burger. "Penny for your thoughts?" I asked.
She jerked her head up with an alarmed expression before her lips curved into that killer smile of hers. "Sorry, I'm not great company for you, am I?" Whether she was loud or quiet, drunk or sober, asleep or awake, her company was the only kind I wanted. It disturbed me that Lee was so skittish sometimes. 
"What's on your mind, princess?" I figured that was a safer thing to ask, instead of freaking her out by admitting how badly I craved being with her. I didn't want to screw up the friendship thing we had going. I was enjoying it– I was tortured, but still, I enjoyed every minute I spent with her. 
She was the first female I was actually friends with, besides Cam. I didn't count Linda since she was more like a parent. In my life, women were divided into two categories. Girls I fucked and girls like Cam, who I had no desire to fuck whatsoever. That might make me an asshole, but I had good reasons to build barriers. But with Lee, it was different. I didn't just want to fuck her. I wanted to be around her. I wanted to do things with her, go places with her and make plans with her. She had crept under my walls and blown my defenses to dust. She was so goddamn adorable. If someone had told me four months ago that Lee and I could be in room together without arguing or trying to rip each other's clothes off, I would have laughed. Well, I still wanted to rip her clothes off, but I was refraining, barely. I was hit with the sad reality that my best friend was the sexiest girl I'd ever laid eyes on and worse, I was in the fucking friend zone. 
I wanted to kick myself in the nut sac. 
It was unsettling how much I liked being around her. She was innocent and fresh and so goddamn honest, different from any other girl I had ever met. She was nothing like Rachel. Thinking about Rachel was what kept my ass firmly in my chair, instead of leaning over the table and showing Lee just how much I wanted her. Thinking of Rachel chilled me to the bone. I often thought about how different my life would be if I were free to make my own choices. In a perfect world it would be Lee every time. But this wasn't a perfect world… Knowing we could only be friends didn't stop me imagining different scenarios in my head–all of which ended with Lee naked beneath me. 
I had come close to having an apocalyptic fit when I found out that dick Mike had his eye on her. Linda had mentioned how taken Mike was with Lee, and how she hung out with him every day.  
I wanted to kill him. 
I wanted to lock her up and have the only key, but shit, I didn't own her and never would. I couldn't tell her what to do and I definitely didn't want to get into why I hated that prick so much. I'd fire his ass if I thought it wouldn't give him so much satisfaction. Fuck it, I would fire him anyway, except it would go against my grandfather's wishes. Lee didn't say much about him to me, but I'd seen the way he looked at her in the restaurant. He was eye fucking her every time her back was turned. 
It made me sick that she continued to eat her lunch with him every damn day, even when I'd offered to have lunch with her on more than one occasion. I knew that creep, and there was only a matter of time  before he put the moves on her. She was too good for that dipshit. Too good for everyone. 
"Kyle, are you all right?" Lee's hand brushed against my cheek, startling me. What had she said? "You're gone pale. Are you feeling okay?" she asked again, stroking my cheek, pressing her palm against my forehead.
 For a brief moment, I debated faking an illness to have her touch me some more, but the concerned look on her face kept me honest. "I'm okay, princess, I was just thinking." 
She moved her hand from my face to my hand resting on the table. Squeezing it gently, she whispered, "Can I ask what about? You looked pretty angry." 
I smiled at her to ease her worry. "Just work stuff, princess." 
I didn't trust myself to say any more. 
 

****

Lee


Hell had frozen over. 
Yep, it had frozen over and I had lost my mind in the process. 
I stood in front of the full-length mirror, pulling at the red fabric clinging to my body. "Fabulous," Cam exclaimed clapping her hands. She looked stunning in a short, canary-yellow, boob tube dress. It clung to her narrow frame perfectly. Her hair was curled to the side and her make-up seamless. 
I pulled the hem of the dress down to cover my thighs, but that only caused my boobs to spill out over the low plunging neckline. I pulled the material over my chest, causing the dress to rise again. "I'm going to kill you and it's going to be painful," was my response to her enthusiasm. 
Cam snickered as she pulled at my dress, straightening it so that everything was covered. "You look gorgeous, Lee. Panty tearing, jeans bulging, erection approved sexy."
 "You did not just say that, Camryn Frey." 
She dropped a pair of black stilettos into my hands. "Here, put these on. We need to get over to Dixon's place soon. It's past ten and Kyle is getting pissed off with waiting. He needs to go into work." 
My heart dropped. "I thought you said Kyle was going with us?" 
Cam shrugged and ignored my question. She never answered my questions about Kyle since the whole movie theatre make-out fiasco. "Just put on your shoes and let's go already," she said as she skipped out of the bathroom. 
Oh dear god, I had turned into Cam's real life personal Barbie doll. I looked at myself once more. Cam had painted my lips blood red and straightened my hair, so that it now fell to my elbows. My eyes were smoky...Well, that's what Cam had called the dark, sooty coloring, framing my pupils. My cheeks were flushed, but that had nothing to do with make-up and everything to do with people seeing me dressed like this…Kyle seeing me dressed like this. I was practically naked. The dress covered me in the important places, but only just. 
I checked and rechecked the length of it, making sure my scars were covered.


****


Kyle


Derek scowled at me for the tenth time. "Dude, do you have to work? Couldn't you call Lucinda or whatever her name is to go instead? You are the boss." 
I shook my head. "Linda, and no, Derek, I'm not gonna call the poor woman on a Saturday night just so I can go get smashed. Besides, someone needs to drive your drunk ass around."  
Derek huffed loudly and cracked open another bottle. "You suck, dude." 
I ignored him. There was no point talking to drunk Derek. I honestly didn't know how Cam handled him when he was like this. Then again, I didn't know how Derek handled Cam drunk either, so I guess they were well matched. 
I didn't mind not going to the party. I wasn't a fan of Dixon, so listening to the jackass all night was something I could do without. I had offered to give Cam and Derek a lift on my way to the office. I figured the quicker I got to the hotel and sorted the emergency, the sooner I would be back to Lee. It was fucking ridiculous that Marcus, my night manager, couldn't sort out a malfunctioning freezer. Good staff were like gold dust. Linda had made the right move hiring Lee. She was a gem. Maybe I could get some take out on my way home and she and I could watch a movie. Some Mexican food, or pizza. Lee liked pizza. She didn't eat much at dinner earlier… 
"Surprise," Cam shouted from the hallway. 
"Wahhh," Derek replied in a high-pitched feigned scream as he jumped from the couch and wobbled to the door. He had too much to drink already. I could hardly hold back my laughter when I thought about the condition he would be in tomorrow morning. Fucking idiot.
 "Kyle…uh, come here, man," Derek said in a strangled tone. 
I stood up and went over to join him. "You better not be naked, Cam..." I froze to the spot, my words stuck on my tongue as I took in Lee's half-naked body. 
Holy shit. 
What was she wearing? 
I couldn't talk; just stare at her tits spilling over the fabric of the dress. If I stared long enough I could see nipple. Thigh and nipple was all that was going on inside my perverted head. 
"Hi," Lee said nervously as she held her hands behind her back. Yep, I could definitely see nipple when she did that. 
"Come on, guys," Cam called, as she and Derek walked outside to my truck. 
"Are you okay?" she asked quietly as she swayed towards me. 
I shook my head, trying to pull my thoughts from the gutter. "What is that?" I asked her, my voice was thick with desire. I reached out to touch her, to make sure she wasn't a mirage. Big mistake. Lee moaned and I looked down confused. I thought I was holding her arm, but no, I was cupping boob - full, perky, nippled boob. "Oh, sorry." I jerked my hand away.
 "It was Cam's idea," Lee complained, blushing deeply. 
I didn't answer her. What could I say? 
'Thank you Cam for flaunting this beautiful girl in front of my nose?' 
"It's awful, right? Oh Kyle, I look foolish."
 I stared at her. Foolish? No. Edible, sexy, tempting? Hell yeah. 
"Uh…" I cleared my throat and tried again. "No, princess, you don't look foolish. I'm just surprised to see you dressed like that." 
She peeked up at me with those big gray eyes. "Are you sure you can't come with us? I want you to." 
I pulled my phone from my jeans pocket and dialed. The voice on the other side answered. "Linda. It's Kyle. I need a favor?"


****

Lee


I hobbled along in my heels next to Kyle as he spoke quietly into his phone. He hung up as we reached his truck and opened the door for me. I was so much more aware of his hands on my hips tonight as he hoisted me up. His hands lingered on my hips. His fingertips brushed my bare thighs, evidence to how short my dress was. His fingers lingered on my waist when he buckled me in and I shivered thinking of how he had touched my breast earlier. The way he had looked at me…I was still shaking with an intense feeling of arousal when Kyle pulled out of the driveway. 
Cam and Derek made out loudly in the back seat while Kyle and I sat in an awkward silence. I was embarrassed and turned on by the moaning and sucking noises coming from behind me. Those two did not care for privacy… "Yeah, baby, suck it. Just like that ah…" Kyle cleared his throat loudly, but Derek didn't seem to notice. 
I covered my hands over my chest, hiding my rigid nipples. I was so turned on. It was all I could do to stay in my seat and not straddle Kyle and beg him to take me. "You cold?" Kyle asked, breaking through my thoughts. 
I nodded, hoping that the crisp night air could disguise my yearning. He shrugged off his jacket and passed it over to me just as Cam screamed, "Oh yes. There, I'm close. Oh Derek, you're so good at that." 
I slipped the jacket on quickly. Kyle's masculine scent lingered on it and I couldn't stop myself from breathing in his clean male smell. Kyle cleared his throat again and I jerked my nose away from the collar. "So…" I said. "Are you excited about the party?" 
I watched as Kyle's brow furrowed, his hands gripped the wheel tightly. "Not really, princess." 
I looked at him and caught his eye. "Why not?"
 He moved his eyes back to the road, but his knuckles had turned white from the force of his grip on the wheel. "I don't like to share." 
I was about to ask what he meant when Derek screamed, "Oh fuck, yeah, baby. You're gonna swallow me up." 
Kyle braked hard. His hand shot out in front of my body, to stop me falling forward. There was a loud bang from the back. Cam and Derek yelped from the backseat. They had obviously fallen off their seats. 
"We're here," Kyle growled as he jumped out and slammed his door. He opened mine a heartbeat later. Lowering me down, Kyle pressed me hard against the side of the truck. He enclosed me with his body and I watched as he brought his face down to within an inch of mine. I slid my hands up his chest. I needed to touch him. Kyle shuddered. He closed the distance between us and kissed my jaw. "Be careful tonight, princess," he whispered before pulling back. 
I watched in confusion as he stalked off to the wooded area of Dixon's yard. 


****

Kyle


I had to get out of there. I couldn't sit there another minute. Fuck. This was too much. 
Lee was too much. 
I was at my breaking point and well aware of it. I couldn't stop thinking of how she looked tonight. Never in my life had I wanted anything as desperately as I wanted her. 
Sweet Jesus, what was happening to me? 
My heart was hammering in my chest. My palms were sweating. I couldn't get her out of my head. Closing my eyes didn't help. The image of her breasts, and the slither of black lace between her legs as she sat in my truck, were burned into the back of my eyes. Cam and Derek hadn't helped matters either. Listening to those horny fuckers, while trying to keep my hands off Lee's sexy little body had been agonizing. 
She was all I could see, all I could think of. 
And I had left her alone in a party full of dudes and Dixon… 
Damn, I tossed my cup and headed back inside. 


****

Lee


Kyle had left. I was sure of it. I had been looking around for him with the past hour, but he was gone. I pushed away the stabbing feeling of dejection and focused on my surroundings. 
Dixon's place was a pigsty. There were empty beer bottles and plastic cups scattered over every available surface. Sweaty bodies filled the downstairs, so much so that I was feeling suffocated. I had lost Cam and Derek in the swarm of people after ten minutes of arriving. 
I was on my third beer, sitting on the steps of the stairs when Dixon spotted me. "Lee, baby, you came." 
I smiled, a little uncomfortable at the endearment. I didn't like it when he called me baby. "Hi Dixon," I said as cheerfully as I could. "Thanks for inviting me. Great party."
 He shrugged, leaning against the wall alongside me. "You don't look like you're having a great time."
I reddened. "Oh I am. I just need to use the restroom. I don't know where it is." My bladder had been screaming at me with the last half hour and I was in pain with the need to relieve myself. 
"Cool, the bathroom's upstairs. Let me show you." He grabbed my hand and half dragged me up the staircase. "This is it." He smirked and waggled his eyebrows. 
I frowned at him. "Uh, thanks?"
  "Sure thing, you just holler if you need a hand." 
I pushed past him quickly. "I think I can manage." I closed the door and locked it. I was so out of my comfort zone.


****

Kyle


Where the fuck was she? 
I had been through the house twice and there was no sign of Lee. I also noticed there was no sign of Dixon. 
Fuck. 
Anger boiled in my veins and I slammed my fist against the wall. "Dude, what the fuck?" Derek pulled at my hand. 
"Where is she?" I demanded.
Derek looked at me confused. "Cam? She's gone to get some…" 
"Not Cam, you dickhead. Lee. Where the fuck is she? Is she with Cam?" 
Derek reddened and shifted awkwardly. "Oh, man. I totally forgot about her. I thought she was with you. I haven't seen her since we got here."
 I grabbed his shirt. "Are you fucking insane? You left her alone in this fucking meat factory. What are you, stupid?" I scanned the room again, more anxious than before. 
"Kyle, man, I'm sure she's fine. Don't worry." 
 "Derek, she is not used to this. She is not like us. You should have been watching out for her." 
Derek pushed my hands away roughly. "I have a girlfriend to watch out for. Lee is not my responsibility, Kyle. You think because you pretend to yourself, that I can't see what's happening between you two…wake the fuck up, dude. Lee is your responsibility. Not mine, yours." Derek stalked off and I stood frozen, watching him leave. 
"Hey Carter," Dixon said as he came to stand next to me. I blinked twice at the sight of him. Relief flooded through me. "Did you see Lee tonight? Holy shit, man. I'm still stiff from looking at her." 
Anger replaced the relief as I turned on him. "Did you touch her?" I demanded. 
Dixon's eyes widened in surprise. "No, Christ, I didn't lay a finger on her I swear."  I let out a breath I didn't know I was holding. "She ran out of here before I even had a chance. Before that she locked herself in the bathroom. That chick is weird, hot as fuck, but weird." 
Mike stepped in front of me then, but I was too busy running for the door to deal with him. "You can't have them both, bro. Consider it," I heard his familiar voice say from behind me. 
I turned and my fist connected with his jaw. "Consider that asshole," I growled.
I didn't stop moving until I was in my truck.


****


Chapter 10

Lee


I woke with a pain in my ass. Quite literally, my butt really hurt. I winced, recalling the walk home last night. I had slipped on a damn banana skin. I thought those types of accidents only happened in cartoons, but no, it had happened to me in real life. Six-inch heels and banana skins were a lethal combination. 
I had taken off my heels after that and walked the remaining four blocks barefoot. Which brought me to my second ailment. My feet were killing me. I guessed I'd cut them on the gravelly concrete. I had been so exhausted by the time I made it home last night that I had gone straight to bed, fully clothed…well, still in the red dress. Sleep had found me quickly, but not before my bedroom door had opened. 
At first I had thought I was dreaming. But then he'd sat on the edge of my bed, stroking my hair softly, and I'd known I was fully awake. I had stayed still and feigned sleep. His lips had gently brushed my forehead before he'd whispered, "Goodnight, princess."  


****


I climbed out of bed and headed straight to the bathroom. I turned on the shower and headed back to my room to grab my toiletry bag. Picking up my dressing gown from the back of my door, I crossed the hall to the bathroom. I could barely see my hands in front of me with steam from the shower as I stripped off my dress and stepped inside.
 "Princess?" a familiar husky voice said from behind me. I screamed and a hand shot over my mouth, muffling my screams. "Relax. It’s okay." 
Sweet Jesus. 
"Kyle?" I squealed, moving his hand from my mouth. "You nearly gave me a heart attack. What the hell are you doing in here?"  
He laughed quietly. "Uh, showering." 
Oh, hell no, he did not steal my hot water. 
"No, I'm showering. Get the hell out of here." My voice was gruff, probably because I was more turned on than angry. 
"No can do," he chuckled. "I was here first, but I'm not selfish, I can share." He was joking, or at least I thought he was…
It was so much easier for him, he saw us only as friends. He wasn't aware of my feelings or my raging hormones focused on him, always on him. "Kyle, Get out. Now!" I growled and he laughed – the jerk laughed at me. With my back to him, I tried to shove him out with my butt. 
His arms came around me, his fingers splayed across my stomach, dangerously low. "Play nice, baby." 
Play nice? Baby? I was about to self-combust in here. "Close your eyes," I demanded.
"Yes, ma'am," he chuckled. 
Oh he was going to play this game with me? Fine, two could play at that. Covering my eyes with my hand, I drew up all my courage and turned in his arms to face him. "Pass the soap, please?" I asked, holding out my other hand, palm up. If he was comfortable in his nudity then dammit, I could be, too, or at least pretend to be. I heard him suck in a gasp. "Don't you dare peek, Kyle Carter," I warned. 
He didn't answer. 
No soap appeared either. 
I peeked through a gap in my fingers. 
Kyle's eyes were glued to my body. 
I whimpered, covering my breasts with my hands. This was too much. My skin tingled, my breath quickened. Kyle backed up a step. He was directly under the shower head now and water was trickling down his face. He tilted his head to the side. 
I sucked in a sharp breath. 
There was a hungered glint to his eyes as they raked over every inch of my body. The blue of his eyes was barely visible, smothered by the blackness of his dilated pupils. His jaw strained. Heat pooled between my legs. I needed him to touch me… It was now or never. 
Every intimate moment we shared, every longing, every urge I felt for him, boiled into this moment. I dropped my hands to my sides, exposing myself to him. 
Kyle's eyes darted to my face. 
He looked conflicted. 
I stood still, waiting to see what he would do. 
He bit his bottom lip, his tongue snaked out to lick over it. He stepped towards me. Taking my hands, he wrapped them around his neck. I shivered, my heart thundered inside my chest. 
I stepped towards him and closed the space between our naked bodies. 
Our eyes locked. 
Kyle wrapped his arms around my back. He lowered his face and I raised my lips to meet his. This was it, the moment I had been praying for since the last time he'd kissed me. 
His lips touched mine and there was tenderness in his kiss I never thought him capable of. This kiss held none of the raging intensity of our other kisses. It felt like he was savoring me. Four months of intense desire for him surged through me. I flung myself into his arms, knotting my fingers in his hair. 
Our wet bodies collided, slipping and sliding against each other. His back hit the wall behind him. His hands dropped to my waist and I pressed my breasts against his stomach, urging him on. I could feel his strong heartbeat thundering against my chest. 
His mouth opened in a gasp and I slipped my tongue inside. I felt his hardness against my belly and my body shivered with desire. I felt his want, was thrilled that he felt more for me than friendship. I wanted more than this tenderness. 
I wanted it all. 
He was trembling, but his hands stayed on my waist, unmoving. I whimpered into his mouth, pressing against him harder. He didn't move. 
Rejection coursed through me and I tore my mouth away. 
He didn't want me… 
Panting for air, I practically threw myself out of the shower. 
I wrapped my dressing gown around myself and ran out of the bathroom. 
I heard him swear loudly from my bedroom door before I slipped inside.


****

Kyle


I let her leave. 
Shit. 
What the hell was wrong with me? 
I stood under the water, which was now freezing, but I couldn't move. I was still as hard as a rock. Lee had handed herself to me on a soapy naked platter and I'd frozen like some virgin teenager. "Fuck." I smacked my fist on the tiles. "Goddammit."
 I flicked off the water and climbed out. Wrapping a towel around my waist, I tried to get the mental image of her naked body out of my mind.
 In-fucking-possible. 
The look of desire on her face, her eyes full of trust would be branded in my memories for the rest of my life. 
That face was the reason I kissed her. 
Those eyes were the reason I stopped. 
I didn't deserve her trust. I couldn't give her what she deserved and Lee deserved a hell of a lot better than me. Knowing I didn't deserve her didn't stop my body wanting her though, and the images of her full breasts dripping with water–those perky rosebud nipples were haunting me. 
When I thought of lower down…her smooth stomach, curved hips, the small triangle of curls…Fuck. 
I needed a drink.


****

Lee


Derek was standing in front of the stove, stirring some concoction of his when I walked into the kitchen. He looked at me, stopped stirring, and narrowed his eyes. "What did you do?" 
I blushed scarlet. "What are you talking about?" I asked as I fluttered around the room. I couldn't stand still. 
"Well, you're all fidgety and you look as guilty as sin." 
I stopped moving around, went and sat in a chair. "Nothing, I'm just bored," I mumbled. He could read me too well. I wondered what Derek would say if I told him I'd tried to seduce Kyle in the shower ten minutes ago?
Probably laugh his ass off because it was so stupid. 
He studied me for a second before shaking his head and returning to stirring. I sighed in relief.  
Cam barreled into the room seconds later. "Hey guys," she squealed happily. 
Derek's attention went straight to Cam, his eyes softened, his mouth curled into a gooey intimate smile. 
A stab of jealousy spiked through me. 
I wanted a man to smile at me like that. Correction, I wanted Kyle to smile at me like that. "Why are you so happy?" I said, a little too grouchy. I felt bad immediately. It wasn't Cam's fault she had a man whose eyes lit up when he saw her and smiled at her like she was the only girl in the world. 
"Oh, whose glass is half empty today?" she joked, ruffling my hair. "I just organized a bash for Saturday," she said gleefully. 
I groaned internally. 
"Another party Cam?" Kyle's voice said from behind me. 
I tensed and lowered my head, debating on the quickest exit. I couldn't run out though. Cam and Derek would think I'd lost my mind. He strolled over to the sink and I tried to keep my eyes off his naked back, I really did. Why did he have to walk around half-naked? It was almost October and it was cold, although the temperature in my body peaked at the sight of him. 
"Yes, another party, old man," Cam said in a sarcastic voice. 
The chair beside me scraped and Kyle sat down. I didn't have to look up to know it was him. My body was so aware of him. It sizzled when he was near. His scent engulfed my senses. Fresh soap and maleness clouded my airways. His hand touched my knee and I jerked my face up. Kyle was looking at me with a questioning expression. "Are you okay?" he mouthed. 
I nodded. 
He squeezed my knee and I couldn't take it anymore. "I need to go…do something," I muttered. 
I got up and walked out of the room.


****

 
Chapter 11

Kyle


Fucking Cam. Seriously, could she not go through one week without turning the house into a goddamn nightclub? I chugged the last of the beer in my bottle and chucked it in the trash. 
I couldn't do this tonight. 
I had plenty invitations for company, but the only place I wanted to be was upstairs in Lee's room with her. She never came downstairs when Cam was throwing a party and I was grateful for that. I didn't want to get in a fight and I would get in several if Lee were here. 
Dixon was notably absent tonight. Good, that fucker had stepped over the line. At least he had brains enough to realize it. Lee was off-limits. Her sexy lithe body, those hips…I knew I wasn't the only guy who checked her out. It drove me stir crazy watching the customers at the hotel leer over her. I didn't think I could handle it happening in my house. I would definitely lose it. She was too perfect for any of these douchebags. I hadn't seen Lee since she ran out of the kitchen the other morning. She was avoiding me again and it hurt like a bitch. 
It was by some small miracle I'd escaped Rachel tonight. She'd attached herself to some poor bastard earlier and the last I had seen she'd been dragging him into Derek's room. 
I wandered through the house, not knowing where I was going until I was standing outside Lee's bedroom door. I should turn around and leave, fuck off into my room and work out my frustrations with some lube, but I didn't. I knocked on her door instead. 
Maybe she was asleep? 
I hoped she was…
The door opened inwards, and Lee stood before me in nothing but one of my t-shirts. "Kyle? What's up? Are you okay?" I groaned, taking in the cute, sleepy look on her face. Her curls were tousled and flowing freely down her back, the swell of her breasts in my shirt... Damn, she wasn't wearing a bra again. 
"Is that my shirt?" I asked. It was the only censored thing I could think of to say. The truth would have been more along the lines of 'hey, princess, I couldn't think of anything but your sexy body all night, and I've got a raging hard on–which, by the way, I would love you to help me out with.' God, I was sick. 
"Oh, yeah, I'm sorry." She blushed and bit down on that pouty bottom lip, knotting her fingers in the hem of the shirt, pulling it down.  Her nipples pushed against the material. I closed my eyes…Yep. She was definitely braless under that. "My pajamas are in the wash and I don't have a spare pair. I didn't think you would mind. I'll take it off if you want?" 
Sweet Jesus, she was killing me. 
"No, keep it," I croaked. It nearly killed me to tell her leave it on. It went against my nature. 
She stepped aside and gestured me in. 
Hallelujah. 
I followed her in, closed the door behind us and locked it. "So what's up? Why aren't you partying?" she asked as she strolled over to the bed. 
I could see cheek... 
Oh sweet fuck. 
She was commando. 
No bra, no panties… 
"Huh?" I asked as she settled back under the covers. 
"I asked why you weren't downstairs enjoying the party." 
Think, Kyle, think… "Uh, I got bored." Stupid, Kyle, stupid… 
"Okay…" She looked confused. I didn't blame her. I was confused myself. 
"And my room is, uh, occupied." Well, that made me sound a little less creepy, but it was a bullshit excuse. No one would dare use my room. But Lee seemed to be mollified. 
She smiled at me, her eyes full of knowing sympathy. "Well, you can stay here if you want. I was just about to watch a movie if you want to join me?" 
Oh, fuck yeah. "What movie are you watching, princess?" I asked, pulling my shirt over my head and climbing out of my jeans. I guessed we were avoiding the whole shower incident speech, which was fine by me. I had enough regrets about that to last a lifetime. 
Lee's cheeks reddened when I stepped out of my jeans. Christ, you'd swear she had never seen a man in his boxers before, which was crap because Derek and I always walked around half naked. Hell, even Cam walked around half naked. We were like a house of nudists. Lee cleared her throat and flicked off the lamp on the locker beside her. "Uh, Twilight," she mumbled as she pulled the covers up to her chin. "It's Cams. It was the only one I could find, but we can watch something else if you'd prefer?" 
The only light in the room was coming from the television screen, but I swear I could see her blush again. "No, that's cool. I can cope with a little vampire action, so long as you don't go all team Edward on me." I climbed in beside her, pulling the covers around my waist. Our legs brushed and she shivered.
 "Team Edward?" She looked confused. 
"You're eighteen, right? Girls your age usually go bat shit crazy for the vampire in this movie."  
She pressed play on the remote. "Oh. I've never seen it before," she replied, nestling down on her pillow. 
"Every teenage girl has seen this film." 
She shrugged. "I guess it's like you said. I'm not like other girls." 
The intro started and I settled down beside her. I leaned over and kissed the top of her head. "No, princess, you're definitely not."


****


My eyes were wide open. I couldn't go back to sleep. I looked down at Lee, nestled into my chest. I glanced over at the clock on her locker. 03.30 it read out, in blood red digits. I hadn't realized Lee had nightmares. She had never said anything…but judging from the way her body had shook–and the gut wrenching cries that had come from her throat–they were violent ones. She snuggled closer to me. 
She was close, too fucking close, but the closer she was to me the more her body relaxed. Her shirt had ridden up her body during the night and her naked ass was now pressing against my junk. I was a saint because I doubted there was another guy on the planet that could just lay with this girl and not touch her… 
Well, that's not technically true. I was touching her, just not in all the ways I wanted to. I'd wrapped my arms around her when I woke and held her tightly. That had helped. I was still holding her just as tightly. I must have kissed her hair a hundred times when she was crying. 
Jesus, she had scared the shit out of me. 
What had she dreamed about that would terrify her like that? I had never heard any sound so gut wrenching. 
However, the distressed cries that had come from her earlier had changed to soft moans. She was dreaming of something else entirely now. Her head nestled in the crook of my arm as she was grinding her ass against me. 
In her sleep. 
Fuck my life. 
This was heaven. This was fucking purgatory. I could think of nothing apart from how easy it would be to slip inside her right now. Goddammit, I should have taken off my boxers last night. They were wet now–from her and from me. She moaned, mumbling something incoherent and I couldn't resist anymore. I lowered my head and sucked on her neck. 
"Hmm, Kyle..." 
I pulled back and froze. Was she awake? I didn't think so. She was dreaming of me...my male pride soared.  I stared at her face, her eyes were closed, but she licked her lips. I watched her like a dirty pervert as she slipped her hand between her legs. 
Fuck, this was the hottest thing I had ever seen. 
Her mouth fell open while she touched herself. I was jealous of her hand. I didn't think about what I was doing, I covered my hand over hers, feeling the way she touched herself. She was rubbing her clit. Her hand was soaking. She was soaking. I was grinding against her and felt her fingers quicken. 
I lost all resolve and brushed her hand aside, replacing it with mine. I wanted this, she was dreaming of me, so she was going to come for me. She groaned loudly and spread her legs wide. I grunted when I felt how slick she was. Rolling her clit between my fingers, I felt her jerk. 
Her breathing changed. 
She was awake. 
Too late, I couldn't stop. 
I dipped a finger inside her. She was so fucking tight. Her tight little pussy squeezed my finger as I slid in and out slowly. "Mmm," she moaned. 
Yep, she was definitely awake.
 "I'm not stopping, baby," I told her, slipping a second finger in. I twisted my fingers inside her pussy to find that spot all girls seemed to love. 
"I don't want you to stop," she whispered. I moved my fingers faster, quickening the pace. Her moans became louder, until she was screaming and bucking against my hand. I pulled my hand out of her and pushed her down on her back. "Kyle," she cried, her face flushed with a cocktail of embarrassment and desire. "What are you doing?" 
I pulled her hips to my face and grinned. "Shh, baby. I got you." Dipping my head, I pulled her clit into my mouth and sucked hard. 
"Oh god..." She wriggled and tried to squirm away. 
I pressed my hand down on her lower stomach, holding her still. "Stop moving, baby, let me give you this." I wrapped my other hand around her thigh and sank my tongue inside her, using my thumb to tease her nub. She tasted fucking perfect on my tongue. 
Lee relaxed and spread her legs wider for me to take her. I took it all, every drop of her sweet juices, lapping them up with my tongue. "Kyle," she cried. "I feel... something's happening to me…" 
I smiled against her pussy. 
Yeah, something was happening all right. 
She was coming all over my tongue.

 
****

Lee


After spending most of the day in my room wallowing in self-pity, my stomach growled. God, my cheeks were still burning from the shower incident, let alone the whole Kyle giving me my first orgasm, before sneaking out. 
I was such a fool. Kyle couldn't have made it clearer that he wanted to be just friends, but no, I had to go and throw myself at him…literally. 
It had been hours ago and I was still cringing in shame, chewing on my fist. Music was pumping from the stereo downstairs. We had company. 
I trudged downstairs and smoke immediately filled my lungs.  I hated cigarette smoke. It reminded me of my father. People were scattered around the hall and I could see from the open door that the kitchen was jammed with people. I would have gone straight back upstairs normally, but I was so hungry I decided food was more important than nurturing my anxiety. 
A familiar redhead approached me from the kitchen direction, barely decent in denim short-shorts and a cut off blue tank top, revealing her tiny waist. My god, did she not feel the cold?  "Cute jim-jams." Rachel said. "Or are you trying out for a sports team?" 
I knew she was being sarcastic and I silently cursed myself for coming downstairs in Kyle's old ratty football shirt and shorts. Choosing to ignore her and her nasty comments, I walked past her. Girls like Rachel made my skin crawl. I would never understand their need for bitchiness and continuous drama. I had suffered for years at the hands of girls just like Rachel at my high school back home. Like Rachel, I had done nothing to those girls who obviously disliked me. 
 "Oh right, I forgot. Kyle said you were a little slow," she said, loudly enough that people stopped to stare at me. I took a deep breath, urging myself to calm down and not retaliate. That was what she wanted. She was lying. Kyle wouldn't say that about me… Would he? 
I kept my head down and my feet moving away from her. What the hell did Kyle see in her? She was such a bitch. Sure, physically she was beautiful, but that girl was pure poison inside. 
"Kyle said you were a small town dummy with no education. Good enough to clean his bed, but not to be in it." I turned around to glare at her and she stepped closer. "Am I wrong?" she asked. 
Was she? I used to have hopes, dreams and ambitions, but now? Kyle couldn't get away fast enough away from me… I reddened. She was right. 
I was exactly that. 
"Thought not," she sniggered. Leaning closer to me, she whispered into my ear, "Don't think you're anything special, sweetheart. When the chips fall, it will be me he chooses." She flicked her hair back, plastered a fake smile on her face, and walked off. 
I could handle Rachel saying bad things about me, but not Kyle. We were supposed to be…I didn't know what we were supposed to be… He thought I was small town hick, a dummy?  
My hunger abandoned me and I turned to go back upstairs. 
"Lee, get your ass over here. You're having a drink with me," Cam shouted from across the hall. I debated whether or not to run, but Cam took the option away from me. Shoving through the mass of sweaty bodies, she grabbed my hand and led me into the kitchen. Filling a glass with vodka, Cam grinned. She held it out towards me, "Cheers, babe." 
I took it and tossed it back without thinking twice. "Cheers." I gasped, wiping my chin with the back of my hand. 
Screw it. I wasn't going to let Kyle, Rachel or anyone else bring me down tonight. I grabbed the vodka bottle and poured myself another, and another after that. I made my way through half the bottle before I decided standing had become very challenging.


****


 I was sitting at the kitchen table, observing a game of suck and blow with my new friends, when Kyle arrived. He strolled into the room, wearing a plain gray t-shirt and faded blue jeans. They hugged his body in a very flattering way. He looked very hot and very occupied with his arm draped casually around the waist of a willowy blonde, blessed with legs like a staircase.  I watched him lower his head to her ear and had to force down the bile rising in my throat. 
I dragged my eyes from him. 
There was no point in torturing myself.
 "Wahey new girl. You're up,” the blonde drunk guy to my left cheered. 
"Cool." I forced myself to suck the card that blonde drunk guy was blowing against my mouth. I was setting a record in the game when I felt a hand grab my shoulder and drag me out of my chair.
 "What the fuck are you doing?" Kyle was standing in front of me, his chest heaving. He looked furious. He reeked of whiskey. 
Electricity jolted through me, pulling me towards him, but I needed to be wary. I could not trust myself to control myself and I couldn't trust him not to hurt me again… I forced my body to turn around, choosing to ignore him seemed to be the safest option. 
I went to sit back down but he pulled me back towards him. Wrapping a muscled arm around my stomach, he pressed my back to his chest as he glowered at the blonde drunk guy. "Party's over. Get the fuck out." 
Blonde drunk guy shifted awkwardly in his chair. "Kyle, man, I didn't know she was yours. Sorry, bro." 
I pulled away from Kyle, disgusted. "Don't worry," I hissed, swaying slightly. "I'm not his anything." I moved over to the counter and grabbed a bottle of beer. Kyle pulled it out of my hands. "What is your problem?" I practically screamed, shoving him away. 
"You're drunk, princess. Come on, let me take you to bed." 
He tried to take my hand and I snatched it away. "Why? So you can sneak out on me again? I don't think so," I snorted, backing away.
He stepped closer, grabbing my shoulders. "You can walk out of here or I'll carry you out. Either way, you're coming with me," he threatened. His breath blew into my face. It was obvious from the smell of alcohol on it that he wasn't sober. 
I could see his friends were watching us–along with the rest of the room. We were making a scene and for once I didn't care. "Careful, Kyle," I snarled, my voice layered with sarcasm. "You wouldn't want to give any of your friends the wrong idea." 
I tried to step away but Kyle moved so fast I didn't have time. He threw me over his shoulder and carted me into the hallway. Dropping me down, Kyle slammed my back against the door of the cupboard under the stairs.  His lips crashed into mine. My hands moved of their own accord, reaching up to grab his hair, clinging to him in both desperation and desire. 
Our lips attacked the others viciously. I was overwhelmed with the angry passion I felt for him. I pressed myself into him, loving the feeling of him possessing me. I bit down hard on his lip, causing him to grunt in what seemed pained-pleasure. He dug one of his hands into my hip and gripped my hair with the other, holding me hostage to his passionate onslaught.  
Slowly, the kiss softened and Kyle pulled back to look at me. He stroked my nose with his and my held my face gently between his hands. "You drive me fucking crazy," he muttered. My heart flipped in response. My face burned. "We have to talk," he whispered. 
"Yeah," was all I could say. My breathing was erratic. My cheeks burned. 
He tugged my shirt playfully. "Come with me?" 
"Now?" I asked, uncertain as to whether it was a good idea for us to go anywhere alone together, with this clammy welt of lust wafting around our heads. 
Kyle pressed his forehead to mine. "Now," he confirmed. 
Only two options occurred to me at that moment. The first was to run back to my room and avoid Kyle Carter, go back to pretending it was just friendship between us. The second was to give in to my fears and embrace my feelings. Would my life ever go back to normal again? Did I want a normal life? I chose the second option, realizing then and there that there had only ever been one choice. Kyle held my heart in his hands. 
He moved his hand, flattening it against my lower back as we walked towards the stairs. Sparks coursed through my veins as I tried to remain composed. We walked up the steps and I blushed deeply from the audience of people watching us. I wanted to hold his hand or wrap my arm around him, anything to stake my claim, but I was too unsure of how he might react to tempt it. 
He opened my bedroom door and gestured me in. I stepped inside and he followed, closing the door behind him. I sat down on my bed, feeling awkward. I folded my arms around myself and waited for him to make a move. He didn't. He stayed by the door. "Would you like to sit?" I asked nervously. My head was swimming from the alcohol. 
Kyle looked at me for a moment before sighing. Rolling his shoulders, he broke away from the wall came and sat beside me. He shuddered. "I shouldn't be in here."
 I shrugged nervously. "I'm glad you are." 
His mouth turned up in a half smile. "Here, I got this for you," he said. Digging into his pocket, he pulled out a small square box and handed it to me. 
I gasped. "You remembered? Kyle, you didn't have to…"
"Of course I remembered, and I wanted to. Happy birthday, princess." I looked down at the box and a tear slipped from my eyes. 
He remembered. 
He was the only one who had. 
Sniffling, I tore the paper off and lifted the lid. A pair of white gold earrings with my birthstone in the center of each earring, sat inside the little red box. "Thank you, Kyle," I whispered. I climbed onto his lap and threw my arms around his neck. He stiffened for a moment, then his body relaxed and he hugged me back. One hand rubbed my back; the other smoothed my hair out of my face. 
Leaning back to look at me, he chuckled. "It's just a pair of earrings. You deserve so much better." I didn't think he was talking about the earrings anymore. He noticed the tears on my face and frowned. 
Removing his hand from back, he rubbed the pad of his thumb over my cheek. He leaned in and gave me a small peck on the lips. When he tried to ease back I pulled his face back down to mine. Our lips crushed together. 
Kyle groaned and had me on my back in one swift movement. His weight on top of me was ecstasy, his hardness pressing my softness. I cried out when he lifted his weight from me, but fell silent when he pulled off his shirt.
Reaching down, he parted my legs and fitted himself between them. His lips kissed my neck, his tongue licked my throat. I was lost in pleasure. I didn't know if Kyle was only touching me because he was drunk, but he was touching me, finally, so I kept my mouth shut. He'd remembered my birthday and he bought me a gift. That had to mean something… 
His hands slipped under my shirt, sliding up to cup my breasts. My body trembled and my back arched as Kyle's skilled hands circled and squeezed my breasts. I whimpered into his mouth. That seemed to drive him wild. He pinched my nipples, tugged with just the right amount of pressure and I cried out his name. "Mmm, that's it, princess, I want to hear you screaming out my mother fucking name." He slipped his hand inside my shorts and traced his finger against the cusp of my panties. "You're so fucking wet, baby," he growled, ducking a finger inside my panties. 
He stroked my clit with his thumb, his fingers sliding between my wet folds. I bucked against him, screaming in pleasure. He silenced my screams with his mouth, the rhythm of his tongue matching that of his fingers. I clung to him desperately as I felt the newly familiar drive building inside me, rising higher, faster. I felt him move his hands to his jeans, the sound of his zipper…
 My bedroom door flung open and I heard an angry scream. Kyle jerked off the bed, leaving me spread out flat on my back. "Jesus fucking Christ, Rachel." I froze on my bed as I watched Kyle slip a hand inside his jeans and uh…rearrange himself. 
"You piece of shit, you promised me. Your goddamn loyalties should lie with me," Rachel screamed. Her hand lashed out and she struck Kyle in the face hard. "You owe me, Kyle, after what you…"
 "Don't fucking go there, Rachel. Not here," he warned, rubbing his cheek as he looked over at me. I scrambled to my feet, getting ready to run. 
Rachel's attention turned to me and her eyes tightened. "Her, Kyle. Really? I've tolerated everyone else because you promised. But her? You're different with her, why? You said it yourself, she is a fucking hillbilly hick. Why is she different from a thousand others?" Uh, no, I wasn't staying here listening to this. I was out of here. 
I tried to scoot past, but Kyle grabbed my shoulders and pushed me down on the bed. "Sit down, princess. This is your room," he said almost desperately before turning to Rachel. "If you want to keep your shit to yourself then get the fuck out of here now, because I'm just about ready to lay it all out there, Rachel."  
Her eyes widened in disbelief. She screamed and actually stomped her foot. "Fine." Rachel stalked out, stopping at the door. "You think you're so special now, hick," she hissed at me. "But I wouldn't get too comfortable if I were you. You are always going to be second best. He's mine. He is always going to be mine, bitch." She slammed the door out and Kyle cursed loudly. 
He crouched down in front of me. "Princess…" he whispered, reaching out a hand to touch my face. 
"Don't touch me." I leapt away from him and ran out into the hallway and down the stairs. I heard him call my name, but I couldn't look at him right now. I needed him to back off and give me space. The kitchen was empty when I burst in. The party had cleared out. Thank god  for small mercies. I leaned over the sink, striving to compose myself. 
"What you heard back there, it's not what you think." 
"Go away, Kyle. I don't need any explanations. Go back to your girlfriend." Tears flowed freely down my cheeks as I turned to face him. "And whoever else you're fucking." 
I watched Kyle drag his hand through his hair and he hissed loudly. "She's not my… It's complicated." he groaned in frustration. 
 "I bet it is, Kyle. It must be complicated trying to decide which woman to fuck, but maybe not so hard for you since I'm such a fucking hillbilly hick." 
He strode towards me, pressing me against the sink. "Watch your language," he warned. "Don't say that about yourself." 
I clenched my fists at my sides. "That's what you see me as though, isn't it?" I spat. "You used me Kyle, like a cheap whore. You led me on." 
He flinched, his eyes narrowed. "Well, if you weren't so fucking easy we wouldn't be here. I tried to keep this from going any further. I warned you, but you kept fucking throwing yourself at me," he spat. "You're a fucking tease, Lee…" 
My blood ran cold and my hand swung out before he could finish what he was saying, connecting with his face. "You bastard," I screamed, tears flowing freely from my eyes. 
Kyle's expression was one of pure rage. He grabbed my wrist, squeezing it painfully tight. "Don't. Ever. Fucking. Hit. Me. Again," he roared into my face. 
My breath came in fast pants and my heart was palpitating. 
I was terrified. 
We stood frozen like that as Cam burst into the room with Derek following behind. "What the hell is going on?" Cam shrieked and my attention turned to her. Her face looked shocked as she took in the situation. 
"Kyle, man, let go of her," I heard Derek say. Kyle had my wrist gripped in his hand and I was whimpering in his grasp. 
I couldn't feel the pain now. 
This was bad. 
My anxiety turned into a full-blown panic attack. Derek grabbed Kyle's arm and jerked him away. He seemed to notice he was still holding my wrist and gasped, releasing me quicker than lightening. I sank to the floor, shaking, crying fitfully. I couldn't breathe. I hugged my knees and rocked, urging the painful images of my past to leave, but the voices of my past wouldn't leave.
"You're a little whore. That's all you'll ever be."
"I should have drowned you in a barrel when I brought you home from the hospital."
"You're a little cock tease, aren't you?" 
"It's your fault she's dead. You killed your own mother."
"You want to defy me? Go out with boys like a little slut? Let's see what boys look at you now…" 
I could hear the sound of his belt. 
I could taste the blood in my mouth. 
The fear was climbing in my throat and I couldn't stop the strangled screams coming from my mouth as I struggled to breathe. I shook my head, trying to rid the memories from my mind. I couldn't close my eyes. I wanted to, but I was too afraid of what would come next. 
"Jesus," Kyle hissed. He grabbed his hair with both hands. 
"What the fuck, Kyle?" Cam shouted as she ran over to where I was crouched. "Are you hurt, Lee?" she asked. Dropping to the floor, Cam put her arms around me and squeezed. I sobbed loudly. I couldn't say anything. I couldn't catch my breath. "Shh, Lee. It’s okay. You’re safe. No one is going to hurt you. Breathe." 
I was too scared to breathe. 
I panted and gasped. 
Cam checked me over and blanched when she saw my wrist. "Uh, you stupid fuck, look at what you did. Look at her fucking hand, Kyle." I looked down at my hand, and sure enough there was purple Kyle shaped handprint on my wrist. 
"Lee, I'm sorry," Kyle said in desperate voice. He moved towards me as if to hold me. I scrambled away and backed up closer to Cam. She wrapped her arms around me protectively, rubbing my back in slow steady circles. Kyle's whole body shuddered. "Jesus, I'm so fucking sorry." 
 "Get him out of here," Cam growled as she held me tighter. When they didn't move, she screamed; "Get him out of here, Derek. NOW." 
Derek grabbed Kyle's shoulders and walked him from the room. 
"Shh, just breathe, Lee. Breathe," Cam whispered as the shudders rolled over me and I finally caught my breath. 


****

Kyle


"What the fuck was that?" 
Derek was speaking to me, but I couldn't answer him. I couldn't breathe. The sight of Lee huddled on the floor terrified of me…. Her hand… I was the lowest of the low. There were no words to describe the kind of bastard I was. 
Derek pushed me down on the couch and paced the room. "Dude, what the hell just happened? What was that?" 
I looked at him blankly, hoping he could tell me. 
The door opened and Cam closed it quietly behind her. I stood up as she strode towards me and grabbed my shirt. "Listen to me, dipshit, if you ever lay so much as a finger on that girl again, I will rip your fucking heart out." 
 "Cam, I didn't…" I stopped. I didn't know what to say. I had no excuses. "I didn't realize I had gripped her that hard, I've been drinking." Pitiful excuse, but it was the truth. I honest to god hadn't realized her wrist was in my hand. I'd been so caught up in what she was saying. 
Cam exhaled sharply. "She came here to get away from one abusive bastard, not to find another." 
My heart stopped. "What the fuck are you talking about?" Abusive bastard? "Cam, you better start talking." I warned. 
"Don't go there, Carter. I keep enough of your secrets. This is not my story to tell,” she growled then sighed. "Maybe you should have asked Lee why she moved here before you went all Rocky Balboa on her and scared the life out of her. I mean are you that stupid, Kyle? I told you she was fragile. I warned you to stay away from her. You better fucking pray that she doesn't run again. Because if she goes back, she's finished. Believe it or not, Kyle, that girl has lived through more horror than you could dream up. What Lee has suffered would make you pray for death. I wouldn't be surprised if she's not here tomorrow…god knows, I'd be gone if I were her." Cam said before storming out of the room. 
Derek, who had been standing quietly behind me, sighed. "Dude, what the fuck was that?" 
I had no idea. 
But I was going to find out. 


****

Lee


Cam lay on my bed facing me. I didn't remember climbing the stairs, or getting into bed. She looked sad. 
"I'm sorry," I whispered. 
She sniffed and wiped a tear from her eye. "I love you, Lee. You know that, don't you?" I nodded. I knew Cam loved me. She was the only person in the world who did. "So, I'm going to ask you some questions and…if you can't say the answers out loud, then just shake or nod your head, okay?"  
I nodded, smiling at the old game she was playing with me. This was how Cam had talked to me as a child, when I couldn't talk, when I'd been too afraid to.
 "Did it stop?" she asked. "After I left? Did he stop?" 
I quivered and shook my head. 
Tears welled from both our eyes as Cam wrapped her fingers around mine. "Did it get worse? More violent?" 
I nodded slowly. 
Cam blanched as she sucked in a deep breath. I did not attempt to lie. Cam knew well what my father was capable of. She had seen the bruises on my body for years. "Is that why you don't like to wear revealing clothes? Are you scarred?" 
I nodded again. Tears were pouring from my eyes, but I couldn't make a sound. I knew what her next question would be. 
"Lee, can I see?" Cam asked. 
Nodding, I rolled onto my stomach. Cam pulled up my nightshirt and gasped. She started to cry and pulled me into a hug. "You're not going back there. I don't care what happens between you and Kyle. I'm gonna take care of you. Promise me, Lee. Promise me, you'll never go back there." 
I nodded as I leaned against her. "I promise."



****



 I was still awake when Cam slipped out of my room an hour later. 
I'd expected her to leave. 
She had Derek and needed to be with him, but when she came back into my room a few minutes later, with some ice for my hand, I felt a silent tear fall from my eyes.

****


Chapter 12

Lee


I woke with another pounding headache. This was becoming the norm, I thought to myself drowsily as sunlight beamed through my curtains. Stretching out, I flexed my arms and yelped in surprise as a sharp pain shot up my wrist. 
I pulled my hand out from under the covers for closer inspection. I groaned as last night's debacle flooded my mind. I'd hoped that maybe I had dreamt the whole thing up, but no, Kyle's fingerprints were bruised into my skin–skin that was now purple and swollen. I tried to move it, but a much sharper pain jolted through me, so I stopped. Oh crap, how was I going to work with one hand? Waitressing required the use of both hands... 
I moaned loudly and dragged my tired body up. I didn't want to be in this room anymore. Rachel had tainted it with her poison. I didn't have a cell phone and I needed to contact Linda and let her know that I wouldn't be in today. 
I went downstairs to the kitchen, grabbed the landline, and dialed Linda's number. She answered on the first ring and had already heard about my injured hand. Mr. Carter had signed me off work for the rest of the week. When I hung up, I headed straight over to turn on the percolator. 
Coffee, I definitely needed to make some. 
I was surprised to see it was already made for me. I was usually the first up in the morning. "Lee." Cam's voice sounded from behind me and I jumped with surprise. I hadn't seen her there at all.
 "God, you scared me, Cam." I walked over to the table and sat beside her. 
She pushed a cup towards me. "How are you feeling? You want to talk about things?" I could hear the sympathy rolling from her question and I cringed. I neither needed nor wanted sympathy from anyone ever again. 
I left that behind me. 
"I'm fine, Cam. Last night…it just brought back some ugly memories for me." I lifted my cup with my sore wrist and whimpered, quickly changing hands. 
"Hmm, I figured that out, Lee. But last night was about more than your father. Wasn't it?" I noticed the sadness laced in her tone of voice. It wasn't hard to miss.  She looked at me when I didn't answer and nodded. "Fair enough, you'll talk when you're ready." 
I felt awful. 
Cam had taken me in with no explanation, and the girl was a good friend to me–my only friend. Cam deserved to know why I had ended up on her doorstep. I took a deep breath. "Two months before I came here, I was attacked." 
There. I said it. 
I heard Cam gasp. "You were robbed?" she asked. 
I wished it had been so uncomplicated. I would have happily handed over my purse if it meant my life stayed on course. "Uh, no. It was a different kind of attack." I ducked my head in shame.
 "Oh, fuck no," she shouted. I cringed from the tone of her voice. I glanced at her face; she looked murderous. 
"You don't believe me." Of course she didn't. No one had believed me when I went to the police, not even my father. 
"Believe you? Of course I believe you, Lee." She grabbed me and pulled me towards her. I tensed, but relaxed into her embrace. "When you say you were attacked," she paused, clearly struggling with how to sentence the next question. 
"He didn't," I said quickly. "I mean, he nearly did, but I got away." Barely, I wanted to add, but I didn't think Cam needed to hear the gory details.  
"Oh thank god," she said, relieved. "Who was he? Did you see his face? He was charged wasn't he? Tell me you nailed the bastard to the cross, Lee."
 I sucked in a shuddering breath, holding back the tears. "Yes I knew him. His name is Perry Franklin. He was in my English class at school. It happened after prom. I wasn't supposed to go, but Perry asked me and I really wanted to go. Daddy was gone out of town on work and I had just wanted to be normal for one night…to experience one normal teenage moment. Anyway, prom was a complete disaster, but he didn't touch me until he dropped me home." I cringed thinking back.
 "Keep going," was all Cam said.
 "When I got out of the car, he walked me to my door, but he wouldn't leave…" I couldn't say the words aloud. 
"Tell me, Lee," Cam coaxed. 
"He touched me," I whispered. "He tore my dress, held me down and he tried to..." I swallowed the lump in my throat. I could remember the feel of his rough fingers, ripping my panties away as he tried to shove his hand inside me. "Bruno attacked him before he could…he bit him on the ankle." I inhaled a shaky breath. "I reported the attack, but Perry's uncle is the town sheriff… I wasn't taken seriously and no charges were filed. My complaint was dismissed. I was so afraid it would happen again–that he would get me the next time. He had threatened he would. He called me a cock-tease…" I burst into tears. "He said it was my fault, Cam, that I led him on and everyone believed him." I sniffed the tears back and continued. "Well, you know the way my father is. He was very upset with me." 
Cam frowned. "Hold up, he was upset with you?" She sounded appalled. 
"Well, daddy didn't exactly believe me. He said that I must have encouraged him, led him on. He said I was…and he…" I stopped. I couldn't say it. I couldn't tell her about daddy's belt and the whooping he gave me for being a dirty whore and easy. "He had called me some names and punished me. I think that's why I lost it with Kyle last night. He called me those names... Daddy refused to take me to the hospital afterwards. He said it was my punishment." I now carried the scars every day to teach me a lesson. 
"What did he hit you with, Lee?" Cam asked. "I guess from the scars on your back that it wasn't his fist this time?" I shook my head and Cam hissed. "I can't believe this. You told me it stopped, Lee. I would have never left you there with him if I knew." She was crying again. 
"This is not your fault, Cam. You couldn't have stopped it any more than I could." I placed my hand on hers, wanting to finish this quickly so I could lock away those memories away once again. "Anyway, daddy pulled me out of school because of the scandal and he made me quit my job. Perry was extremely popular and the captain of the football team, so I was branded a liar. I stayed for a while after it happened, but I couldn't live like that anymore, not with everyone ignoring me and whispering about me behind my back. I had to get away and you're the only person I knew who would help me. So, one night when he had passed out, I ran." 
Cam circled her arms around me, holding me tight. I wished she didn't know. I wished she had never needed to know. After what seemed an eternity Cam seemed to find her voice. "Shit," was all she said. 
"Yeah," I agreed. "But, Cam, you can't tell anyone please. Not Derek or… or not Kyle, okay?" 
Cam leaned over and kissed my forehead. "Does Kyle know any of this?" 
"No, and he doesn't need to. I don't want him to know anything about this." 
Cam sighed sadly. "That will be kind of hard to do, considering he lives here. Oh, and there's also the fact that you're in love with him, Lee."
 My cheeks flamed in embarrassment. "No, I'm not." Cam was looking at me like she could see straight through my lies. "It's that obvious, huh?" I admitted.
Cam placed her hand on mine and squeezed gently. "I tried to warn you, Lee." I knew she did and I wished that I had listened to her. My heart was hurting so badly right now. "And I'm hoping you guys can move past last night, Lee, because if the shit hits the fan with you two, well you're last in…" First out, I added silently. I nodded, hearing everything she wasn't saying. I was in some serious trouble. "Yeah," she sighed, patting my shoulder. 
"What am I going to do?" I whispered. I needed this room. I had nowhere else to go. I'd burned my bridges back home. 
"Oh don't worry, Lee, keep your head down and wait for this fight to blow over," she said. "If he wants you out, I have no say, this is his house, but I'm going with you. And I'm telling you this now, if I ever see another bruise on your body, I will cut the bastard." 


****

Kyle


My head was in pieces. I couldn't concentrate on work. "Are you listening to me, kiddo?" Linda looked at me with a worried expression from across the table in the restaurant. 
We were having breakfast together…well, she was. I couldn't eat. The combination of guilt and alcohol churning around inside of me rendered it impossible to eat. I wasn't needed in the hotel today, but I couldn't stay at the house. I had to get away from there. After last night, I wasn't sure how I could face Lee again.  Linda placed her hand on mine and I realized I hadn't answered her. "Sorry," I choked out. "My head's not in this place today." 
She smiled at me sadly. "Where's your head at, Kyle?" 
I wanted to tell her. I wanted to offload all my shit on her right here and now. But I couldn't do it... Linda didn't know all the things I'd done. She didn't know about what I'd done to Rachel and if she knew what had happened last night with Lee, I would lose her, too. "It's all so fucking messed up," I muttered, hoping I hadn't given away too much with that statement. 
Linda's kind eyes were staring at me. I didn't deserve her to look at me like that. "Women have a way of doing that, kiddo," she mused. "I'm guessing that's the reason you have the lost puppy look on your face." 
I nodded.
She could always read me too well.


****

Lee


By ten o’ clock I was starving. I'd rushed upstairs to my room quickly after my talk with Cam, and had stayed there all day. I needed this room, so I was going to try my hardest to keep my head low like Cam said. I was not going to give Kyle any further ammunition to throw me out. Although, I was fairly certain that it would happen regardless. I had burned my bridges by slapping him. The things I had said to him were awful. Good god, what had come over me? I was not an aggressive person. I hated physical violence. I had acted completely out of character, but he called me those names… He got under my skin.
I shuffled out of bed and crept to my door. Earlier the light bulb had blown in the upstairs landing and even on a chair I was too short to reach the damn thing. I couldn't hear any movement and I knew Cam and Derek had gone out an hour ago. Figuring the coast was clear, I slipped out of my room and carefully made my way downstairs in the dark to the kitchen. I could have cried hallelujah when I found the kitchen empty. 
One handed, I made myself a crummy cheese sandwich and grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge. I didn't bother to sit at the table, I was too on edge. I ate the sandwich standing over the sink. When I was finished, I turned off the kitchen light and took my bottle of water with me. Closing out the door, I crept back upstairs, feeling my way in the dark. I gripped my door handle and stepped into my room, closing my door as quietly as I could. Turning on my light, I noticed someone lying in my bed. Blue sheets? This wasn't my bed. 
Oh, god...
 Kyle sat up slowly. His eyes were wary and fixed on mine. I dropped my bottle with shock. "I'm sorry, so sorry," I muttered as I bent down to get my drink. Goddammit, it rolled under his bed. I dropped to my knees and stretched my good hand out, desperately trying to retrieve my stupid bottle. When the springs on his bed squeaked, I froze. A dozen different scenarios ran through my mind–all of which ended with me being turned out on the street.  
My body jumped into action. I leapt up from the floor. "You know, I wasn't thirsty anyway," I babbled. "It was dark, I didn't mean to come in here…I meant the second door on the right." I grabbed the door handle. 
"Wait." 
I froze, my body obeying his command. I sucked in a trembling breath, but didn't dare turn around. I felt him approach me, the hairs on the back of my neck rose and I shuddered. I battled down the urge to whimper. 
"Wait," he said again, barely more than a whisper. I felt his fingertips brush against my shoulder for the briefest of moments and my body flamed in heat. I inhaled deeply and turned to face him. Kyle stepped back when I turned around and I wished he didn't. He was naked everywhere with the exception of a pair of black boxer shorts. 
Sweet Lord almighty… 
"Are you okay?" he croaked. His eyes were such a deep blue that I had a hard time concentrating on anything else. He stretched his hand out and gently touched his thumb against my injured wrist before pulling his hand back quickly. 
He was nervous. 
I put my hands behind my back. "I'm fine." I was afraid to say anything else that may lead to another argument. 
He groaned and bit his lip as if he was in pain and ran a hand through his messy hair. He paced the floor, clearly agitated. "I've never…." he paused, closing his eyes. I watched his chest rise and fall quickly. "I have never laid a hand on a woman in my life," he whispered, his eyes still closed. "I need you to know that. I would never hurt you intentionally. I'm not that guy, Lee." 
My heart melted. He was clearly distraught. I wanted to find the words to heal him. I wanted him to stop feeling so bad, for something I started. "You didn't… I mean, it’s okay, Kyle. It was my fault. I know you're not that guy."
 His eyes snapped open and I obviously said the wrong thing because he was glaring at me. "How was me fucking marking your skin your fault? None of what happened last night was your fault." He moved towards me so fast that I backed against the door. A small cry slipped from my throat. He was so close to me. My body shuddered in anticipation. "Jesus Christ, you're afraid of me. I fucking frighten you, Lee."  He dropped his head. His body trembled. He looked down at his hand, his head bent. 
I was afraid of him, but not for the reasons he thought. I could feel his regret. I wanted to comfort him. So I did. "I'm not afraid of you, Kyle," I whispered. Reaching up, I cupped his cheek with my good hand. He stiffened, then leaned his face into my touch, his body shuddering. I felt wetness on my fingers. "Look at me," I demanded, pulling his chin up. He looked at me through glistened eyes. Oh god, he was crying. "I am not afraid of you. Don't torture yourself over something I caused."  
"I shouldn't…" he started. 
"You did nothing. I slapped your face and you reacted on instinct. It was an accident." I rubbed my thumb over his cheekbone. I was desperate to comfort him. 
He straightened his stance. Leaning closer to me, he bent his head to my ear. "I promise you, I will never hurt you again. That," he said, pointing to my wrist. "Will never happen to you again. Ever." 
I didn't doubt the truth in his words, but I wasn't sure what he meant. It will never happen again? I looked up at him. "Do you want me to leave?" I didn't mean to be so blunt, but I needed to know where I stood and if I had a place to stay. 
"What?" he asked surprised. 
"Cam said you might not want me anymore." I reddened, embarrassed by my verbal blunder. "I mean, you might not want me to stay here anymore." 
He sighed deeply. Leaning down, he pressed his forehead against mine. "You can't still want to stay here." 
My heart sank. 
He wanted me gone. 
He was just too nice to say. 
"Please, Kyle," I begged. "I have nowhere else to go. I can stay out of your way. I promise I won't cause trouble for you and Rach…" I couldn't say her name. "I'll be invisible." I knew he hated desperate girls–he had told me as much. And here I was begging and desperate. I had no other option. 
He groaned, his breath hitting my face like a drug. "That's impossible," he whispered. Tears fell from my eyes and I nodded in gloomy acceptance. Kyle wanted me out of his life. His hands cupped my face gently, forcing me to look at him. "There's no fucking way you could ever be invisible to me, baby." 
He lifted my injured hand to his mouth and kissed the inside of my wrist softly. I gasped from the sweet gesture. His body pressed closer to mine and I could only watch in sweet anticipation as he lowered his head to mine. Kyle's lips found mine, kissing me softly. He ran his tongue against my lower lip and I opened my mouth to accept his probing tongue. Heat sizzled inside me. The room felt clouded with sexual tension. When I sucked on his tongue, his kiss changed from gentle to severe and hungry. My lips matched his with a desperation and hunger of my own. I pressed my body against his, urging him on. One of his hands clung to my hip, the other knotted in my hair. 
Fireworks exploded inside me and I could barely contain myself as my body thrummed to his touch. I felt this strange swell of sensations building up inside of me, my desire for him carrying me forward. His hands moved over my body, my hips, my stomach…When they reached my breasts, I cried out his name. He ran his hands from my waist up to my arms. Pulling back, he looked at me for approval. 
I knew I shouldn't let him touch me. He was another woman's man–every other woman's man–but I realized at that moment I was in love with him. Oh god, how I'd fallen for him and I would take any piece of him I could. I nodded.
 Kyle raised my arms above my head and then pulled my tank top off. I wasn't wearing a bra and my breasts fell heavily when released. I was naked from the waist up, but my entire soul was bared to this man. My feelings for him were overwhelming and I shook in his arms. "I shouldn't be doing this," Kyle whispered as his conflicted gaze travelled from my breasts to my eyes. 
I nodded my head eagerly. "Yes, you should." He lowered his head and took my nipple in his mouth, swirling his tongue around the tip. He tugged the bud gently between his teeth. "Yes…please" I begged, my body thrashing against the door. 
He growled and grabbed my neck, kissing me deeply. I wrapped my arms around his neck and clung to him. I couldn't feel the pain in my wrist now. My body was too consumed in raw pleasure. Kissing my neck, he said, "I want you so fucking bad, Lee. I can't think straight." 
  Oh god. "I want you, too." 
He groaned into my mouth. Grabbing my hips, he lifted me and I wrapped my legs around his hips instinctively. He turned with me in his arms and walked to the bed. Our tongues licked, sucked and collided with a passion I had never felt in my whole life. I was his. He owned me. 
He lowered me onto his bed and I whimpered when he moved away from me. "Please don't stop."
 Kyle chuckled. "Shh, baby. I got you." He leaned over me, his fingers reached into the waistband of my pajama bottoms and underwear. He slipped them down my body and then pushed my legs apart, baring my core to him. "You are so beautiful," he said, his hand trailing down my stomach. "It's too much." 
In that moment, with the way he looked at me, I felt beautiful. He ran his tongue up my thigh and I bucked under him. His fingers dipped into my mound and I screamed in pleasure. His thumb rolled over my clit as he sank one finger into me. "Christ, princess, you're so fucking tight, you're killing me." 
His tongue travelled up to my groin and I panted. "Oh please," I cried. 
Kyle growled. "I gotta taste you, baby.  I gotta taste this tight pussy." Heat pooled between my legs and everything tightened. His dirty words were pushing me higher, harder. "Hmm, so fucking sweet. So wet. I'm gonna eat this pussy, baby." 
His tongue touched my core and the pressure that was building inside me exploded. "Kyle…" I cried out. 
"Yeah, baby, come for me, come in my mouth. This pussy is mine."  He plunged his tongue inside me, licking and sucking. I screamed, my core contracting around him. I felt so close, something so close… I grabbed for him and he obliged. 
Climbing over my body, he plunged his tongue into my mouth. I could taste myself on his tongue. I closed my eyes and felt Kyle settle himself between my legs. One hand gripped my waist, the other fisted my hair. I felt him press against my entrance and I gave myself up to him. I wanted this. No man had ever made me feel the way Kyle did. I wanted him to have me.
 I felt him tremble, his body striving for control. Afraid he would stop again, I wrapped my legs around his waist and pushed the heels of my feet against his behind. His control faltered and he plunged deep into me, tearing through me hard, deep to the hilt. The sharpest pain cut through me and I gripped his shoulders as I cried out. 
He froze, his body tensed. "Christ, Lee, Fuck…" 
I grabbed his face before he could say anymore and pulled his mouth to mine. Kissing him hard, I forced my mind past the pain and bucked against him. He groaned into my mouth and rolled his hips. We were both heaving. His face looked pained as he held himself still inside me. "Kyle, I'm begging you…don't stop." 
His eyes closed and he shuddered. 
Then he began to move. Thrusting into me hard and fast. My body tingled under his, fire building inside me, higher and higher. "Please, Kyle, I can't…" I cried out, unsure as to what was happening to me. All the sensations barreling through me were driving me insane. Kyle lowered his hand and circled my clit with his thumb while he pounded me mercilessly. It was thrilling. It was everything. 
When his fingers pinched my clitoris, I screamed, coming apart in his arms. I shattered into a million pieces. His breathing hitched, he pounded me once more before he stilled. His body stiffened, his back arched and he jerked forward. I shuddered, feeling his release burning heat flowing into me.


****

 
Kyle


When the light flicked on in my room, the last person I thought I would see was Lee standing there, fucking tempting to a priest. Her tits were spilling over the damn string top she had on and her hips… oh man, those shorts were like panties on her. 
So beautiful. 
I didn't hear a word of the mumble jumble coming out of her mouth, but I swear to god, my heart nearly stopped when she bent on all fours. Holy shit, her ass was hanging out of those damn shorts–two sexy pert cheeks in the air–while she looked for whatever the hell she dropped. 
My heart nearly leapt out of my chest when she went to leave. "Wait." I was surprised I could talk. "Wait."  My throat was so raw. I didn't deserve to breathe the same air as her after last night, but god, I needed Lee to know I wasn't that guy. I would never hurt a woman. Whoever the fuck she was running from in Louisiana. I was nothing like that and I needed her to know that. "Are you okay?" 
I reached out to touch her, but damn, I didn't want to scare her again so I pulled my hand back quickly. "I'm fine," she whispered, her big gray eyes wide. She was shivering. Shit, I couldn't deal with this. 
I paced the room. "I've never…" I paused, trying to level my voice. "I've never laid a hand on a woman in my life." I kept my eyes closed, couldn't bear to see fear in her eyes. I ran my hand through my hair. 
"You didn't, I mean, it's okay, Kyle, it was my fault." 
What the fuck? 
I acted like a jackass and Lee somehow thought that it was her fault? I looked at her and went to hug her. She flinched and backed away, my heart stopped. I think I felt it crack. "Jesus Christ, you're afraid of me. I fucking frighten you Lee."  I dropped my head. I couldn't look at her. I focused on my hands. 
"I'm not afraid of you, Kyle," I heard her whisper. I stiffened when I felt her hand cup my cheek. It felt so fucking good. I shivered and leaned my face into her hand, accepting her comfort. 
I would do anything this girl wanted after the way I had treated her. Pussy traitor tears escaped my eyes and I felt like a marshmallow for crying in front of a girl. What was I becoming? 
"Look at me," Lee demanded, pulling at my chin. "I am not afraid of you. Don't torture yourself over something I caused."  
Something she caused? This girl had no idea. "I shouldn't…" I began, but she butted in. 
"You did nothing. I slapped your face and you reacted on instinct. It was an accident." She kept touching me and I swear I could barely keep myself from jumping on her. 
I leaned into her ear. "I promise you, I will never hurt you again. That will never happen to you again. Ever." I meant every fucking word– I never meant anything more in my life than I did in that moment. 
"Do you want me to leave?" 
What the fuck? "What?" 
She looked at me sadly. "Cam said you might not want me anymore. I mean, you might not want me to stay here anymore…" She started blushing and I sighed in relief. I couldn't believe she wanted to stay. 
I pressed my forehead against hers, testing that touch first. She shivered. That was a good sign. "You can't still want to stay here?" I needed her to tell me she wanted to stay here with me. I needed those words. 
"Please, Kyle," she begged. "I have nowhere else to go. I can stay out of your way. I promise I won't cause trouble for you and Rach… I'll be invisible." 
I couldn't stop the groan that escaped me. I was in pain. It physically hurt me to think that she was so alone and she thought I wanted her to leave. "That's impossible," I told her, needing her to believe me. When I saw the tears fall from her face, I knew I needed to do more. I cupped her face as gently as I could and lifted her chin. I needed her to look at me. "There's no fucking way, you could ever be invisible to me, baby." I kissed the inside of her sore hand softly and when she gasped I couldn't resist another second. 
I took her. 
My lips punished hers. I wanted to brand her; I wanted to fucking own her. She melted against me, those sexy little moans were undoing me... I touched her everywhere I'd been dying to. When I sucked on her hardened nipples, she cried out my name. The feel of her big bouncy breasts pressing into my face was so fucking hot. Stripping her down, I ran my hands up and down her back… I moved my hands back up her lower back, hoping I had imagined the rough, uneven skin, but no, it was there… I was just about to pull back and ask what they were, when Lee moaned into my mouth. I hoisted her up and carried her to my bed. 
Fuck me. The look of her lying on my bed naked made me forget everything else I was thinking about. She was so warm and soft. My balls tightened. God, I could barely wait to be inside her. "I gotta taste you, baby," I said. "I gotta taste this tight pussy." 
When my tongue touched her slick folds, she started to shake. She was mouth-watering. I licked her juices up. "Kyle…" She screamed. 
"Yeah, baby, come for me, come in my mouth. This pussy is mine." I plunged my tongue into her pussy, sucking her dry. She tasted so fucking good, salty and sweet and all Lee. She grabbed me and I dragged my mouth away, finding hers. I settled myself between her legs. I gripped her waist and tried to slow myself down. 
At this rate I was going to come straight away, but Lee pushed her feet against my ass and I plunged into her. She was tight, really tight... I felt resistance, heard her pained cry and froze. 
No. 
Oh, Jesus no. 
"Christ. Lee, Fuck..." 
Lee grabbed my face and kissed me hard. When she bucked against me, I groaned and my hips rolled instinctively. I tried to hold myself still above her, this couldn't be happening. I guessed she was inexperienced, but…
"Kyle, I'm begging you, don't stop." The sound of her pleading was my undoing. I thrust into her. I could hate myself later. Her hips came up to meet my thrust and I moved inside her, hard and fast. "Please, Kyle, I can't…" Lee cried out. 
I knew she was close, could feel her slick, tight walls clenching around me. I thumbed her clit, my dick pounded her tight little pussy. The sound of my balls slapping against her ass nearly finished me off. I pinched her clit and she came apart in my arms, her pussy clenching me so tightly it felt like she was swallowing my dick. I pumped her once more and then started to come. 
Collapsing on top of Lee, I buried my face in her neck.
 Fuck, what had I done?


****

Lee


Kyle stayed inside me for many moments afterwards. His body was hot and sweaty on top of me, his head tucked into my neck. He was trembling. I wasn't sure what to do, so I just held him, stroking his hair.
 After what felt like hours rather than minutes, he eased himself out of me slowly, touching me nowhere. I winced at the feeling of him pulling out, it felt so foreign and I was sore. Kyle slid away from me, laying down on the far edge of the bed. Neither of us spoke and I didn't know if I should leave or not. He didn't touch me or make any move to do so, so I sat up. 
I looked down at him. He had his arm flung over his face and the reality of what I had done dawned on me. I jumped off the bed and gathered my clothes, dressing in tremulous silence. 
Walking to the door, I looked back once more and whimpered when I noticed the blood stained sheets. "I tried to protect you," he whispered. 
I slipped out, closing the door quietly behind me. I half ran, half stumbled to my room and flung myself onto my bed, crying myself to sleep.


****


Chapter 13

Lee


I woke the next morning to see Cam sitting on my bed. "Jesus, Cam, what are you doing?" Startled, I pulled myself up to a sitting position.
 "Well, I'm assuming since it's after ten you've missed work?"
 I grabbed the alarm clock on my locker and groaned. "Damn." I was supposed to be on the morning shift. Then I remembered I had the rest of the week off. "I'm off work for the week, Cam." 
 "Exactly," she grinned and clapped her hands. "So let's not waste another minute of it."
 "Why are you so merry this morning?" 
Her eyes sparkled as she grinned at me. "Oh, I had a very long…hard night," she joked, then slapped her hand over her mouth. "Oh, Lee, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to be insensitive. I just… I'm not sure how to be around you after what you told me. I don't want you scared or afraid."
 I stared at her, my eyes narrowed. "You treat me the way you always have, Cam, or I swear I'll disappear. I just want a fresh start. Just be normal with me." She was quiet for a moment and then nodded. 
I let out a sigh of relief. 
"So," she said, her tone purposefully light. "I have a modeling shoot in an hour. Scrub up and you never know, you might get a job. You have the whole package, Lee. It's about time you flaunted it. I say we go check out a movie after my shoot and grab some lunch. Have some fun for a change." 
I burst out laughing in nervous relief and nodded. "Sounds like a plan, but you're the model not me."
 I flopped back down on the bed and Cam threw a pillow at my head. "Get your hot ass out of bed and go get in the shower." 
I dragged myself out of bed and stretched. 
Ouch, I was sore. 
I felt stretched.  
"Atta girl, now wear something sexy," Cam said and then sauntered out of my room.
 "Wait," I shouted. "I don't own anything sexy. And don't even suggest that dress."
Cam looked back and grinned. "Just go have a shower. I already put an outfit in the bathroom for you."
 I grabbed my toiletries bag and crossed the hallway to the bathroom, grateful that Cam was behaving normally with me again. Turning on the shower, I prayed to Jesus that there was some hot water left in the tank. Scorching hot water poured from the shower head. 
Bingo. 
I stripped down and stepped under the water. I soaped myself in my favorite strawberry scented shower cream and scrubbed myself raw. I wanted to wash last night away. I thought what had happened between Kyle and I had been perfect, but the way he had acted after made me feel dirty. 
I felt like a whore. 
I guess he was right. 
They were all right…I was just too damn easy. 
I blinked back the tears that threatened to spill. I refused to cry another tear over him. Just because being with Kyle had meant more than sex to me, to him it was just that; sex. I meant as much to him as any other girl he had, and with Kyle, there had been a lot of girls.  I cringed when I remembered him releasing into me. I scrubbed between my legs roughly. 


****

Kyle


I lay in bed counting all the ways I was such a chicken shit. 
In the cool light of day, I had no clue how to approach Lee. I knew she was awake. I'd heard her shuffling around in her room over an hour ago, and then heard the shower running from across the hall. She'd been in there for half an hour and I was still lying in my bed, contemplating how I was going to face her. 
I was such a pussy. 
Jumping out of bed, I threw on a shirt and jeans before I stripped the sheets. 
The sheets. 
My heart sank and accelerated all at once. I was never going to be good enough for that girl, but now…now I was starting to think that I needed to be. Jesus Christ, I had never been so confused about anything in my life. So torn up. So fucking trapped.  
No, pulling off the Band-Aid was the best approach. 
I was just going to have to face her. 
I went downstairs to the kitchen and waited.


****

Lee


I was not in a sexy mood. I was in a shitty one. Still, I dressed in the white gypsy dress with off the shoulder straps that Cam had set out for me. It flattered my shape. Hugging my hips, it cinched my waist and loosened to flare above my knees. I let a few buttons open at the front. I couldn't tie them if I wanted to. My chest was already straining against the fabric. I did not need help in the bust department. I had heavy full breasts. Slipping a pair of flat white pumps on my feet, I checked behind me. 
The skirt covered the scars on my buttocks and upper thighs, and the full back of the dress covered the ones on my lower back. I was grateful Kyle hadn't noticed them. It was bad enough Cam knew. I'd never had to worry about anyone seeing them before because I kept myself covered up. I'd never exposed myself to anyone…
Except Kyle.
Blow-drying my dark brown curly hair until it fell in loose curls below my breasts. I then applied some makeup, painting my lips a glossy red, I gave my gray eyes the smoky effect that Cam had showed me to do. I brushed some blush to my cheeks and neck. My hand froze on a large purplish bruise. Oh god.
Kyle had branded me. 
How had I not noticed him doing that? I raised my fingers and rested them on the huge hickey on my neck. Oh fantastic. I covered it as best I could with some foundation. 
When I finished I could still see it, but only faintly. Besides the icky love bite on my neck, I actually looked good and I needed a confidence boost today of all days. My waist looked very narrow, but damn, my hips were so wide. I looked like a heifer. Cam's mother had once referred to them as childbearing hips. I shuddered at the thought. I was doomed to be short and curvy, with an overly large chest. Being nineteen years old, the odds of growing another few inches and evening out were slim.
 Finally ready, I poked my head out of the bathroom. The coast was clear so I slipped downstairs to find Cam. She whistled when I walked into the kitchen. A choked noise from behind us made me realize we were not alone. 
Derek and Kyle were sitting at the kitchen table behind me. I blushed fiercely when my eyes met Kyles. He had his coffee cup held up to his mouth and was frozen in his seat. I turned my back on him quickly and walked over to grab a cup of coffee. I couldn't deal with him right now, not with Derek gaping at me and Cam grinning like the cat who got the cream. 
"Hot damn, Lee, that's what I've been talking about for years. Show that sexy body off." 
I flushed bright red. "Don't be such a crud, Cam," I muttered, concentrating on filling my cup. I could feel Kyle's steel blue eyes boring into my back. 
"I'm simply stating the obvious. Derek, doesn't Lee look sexy?" Cam asked as she grabbed a chair beside Derek at the table. 
"Oh no, Cam. You're not gonna mind fuck me with trick questions, babe," Derek chuckled. "Ask Kyle, he's impartial."
I trembled as I turned around to face my three roommates sitting at the table staring at me. I felt like a damn show pony. Shut up, shut up, shut up, I prayed. 
"Kyle, doesn't Lee look sexy?" Cam, asked feigning innocence. 
Kyle's eyes raked over me slowly. "You look beautiful, Lee," he said then stared down at the newspaper on the table in front of him.
 "Come sit, Lee," Cam said. I knew what she was doing. She was trying to break the ice between Kyle and me. She thought we could patch things up. I wanted to tell her that ship had sailed. After last night there was no slipping back into any kind of friendship with him.
 I shuffled awkwardly to the table, taking the last remaining seat, which of course was next to Kyle. Dear god, this was a slow form of torture. I eased myself into the chair, careful not to brush against him. I did anyway, squirming in my seat when my knee brushed his thigh. Kyle cleared his throat roughly, shifting himself in his chair. Our eyes locked. He looked like he was in pain. I whimpered, my breath coming fast and quick. When Cam touched my shoulder, I literally jumped out of my chair, breaking eye contact with Kyle. 
"Christ, Lee, you're very jumpy today," Derek remarked, glancing from me to Kyle and then back again. A broad grin of recognition spread across his face. "Why could that be?" Derek mused.
I blushed and went to the sink to rinse my cup. "I'm just tired. I didn't get much sleep," I muttered, hoping he would drop it. 
"I wonder why that could be. Hmm, I wonder. Cam–any ideas? Kyle?" Dammit, Derek knew and the jerk was going to out me. 
Cam, not clicking with Derek's suggestive innuendos said, "You're probably not used to sleeping in strange beds, Lee." With that, I gasped, coffee spluttered from Kyle's mouth and Derek burst out laughing. "What?" Cam asked defensively. "She hasn't been here long enough to break it in." There was another choking sound and Cam's eyes widened as she looked at Kyle and then at me. "Oh damn, I forgot my purse. Derek, can you help me look for it?" she said, obviously lying. 
I glared at her. She had no idea that she was making this so much worse for me. "Oh yes, your purse. I think it's under my bed. Let's check," Derek said, playing along as they hurried from the room.
 "Lee?" Kyle whispered. I didn't respond. "Lee, talk to me." 
I froze at the sink. "There's nothing to say, Kyle. Your actions told me everything I needed to know last night." 
I heard a chair scraping against the tiles and shivered. Kyle’s hand touched my shoulder and I wanted to lean into him. I brushed his hand away instead and moved away from him. I couldn't look at his face, so I focused on the patterned tiles beneath my feet. "Are you sore?" he asked, touching my chin with his fingers. 
I didn't know how to respond. 
I nodded slowly. 
I ached in ways I never knew I could. 
His arm came around my waist, forcing me to turn and look at him. "I didn't know. You should have told me it was your first time, baby." 
I pulled away from him and turned back to look out the window. "I'll be fine. You didn't do anything I didn't want you to." 
"Dammit, Lee, look at me." I looked up at him. His eyes held the world of regret, and I cringed. "Last night…baby, it was the b…" 
I interjected before he could say those words again. "Let me guess, it shouldn't have happened and can't happen again. Oh, and you're sorry you led me on?" The dam broke and tears poured from my eyes. 
Kyle glared at me. "That is not what I was going to say," he said sharply before sighing. "But Jesus…Lee, I'd be lying if I said I wasn't sorry." 
I flinched. "Okay, you're sorry. You don't want me. You regret what happened. I get it, Kyle, I do. So please, please, just stop talking about it." 
He ran his hand through his hair and hissed. "I don't know what to tell you other than I'm sorry." I cried harder and Kyle pulled me into his arms. "Don't cry, baby. It shreds me when you cry." 
I sobbed in his arms. "Then stop making me cry," I whispered.



****


"So, are you gonna tell me what all that was about earlier in the kitchen?" Cam asked when we sat into her car after her shoot. I had deftly avoided the interrogation until now, hoping that she wouldn't bring it up. 
"What?" I decided to play dumb. I felt it would work best since I had no clue what was happening in my life. 
"I'm blonde, Lee," Cam growled, pulling out into traffic. "But I'm far from stupid. I know something's up with you and Kyle. You've barely said two words all day." I groaned, tying my seatbelt as Cam pulled off into traffic. "I know, I know. You'll tell me when you're ready," she grumbled. "But I meant what I said when I told you to stay away from Kyle. He's got too much baggage and broodiness for most girls, especially you." 
Didn't I know it…? 
"I see your poor attempt at covering his mark," she chuckled, flicking my neck with her finger. "I can't believe you let him brand you, Lee."  


****

Kyle


"Dude, tell me you finally nailed the ice queen?" Derek's smart-ass remark, once the girls had left, was the reason as to why he was currently pinned against the wall. 
"Say it again man, I dare you." 
He grinned widely. "I'll take that as a big fat yes." I gripped him tighter. "Kyle, seriously, dude, back up. I meant it as a joke. You know that." 
I pulled my arm away from his throat and shifted back from him, keeping eye contact. "Don't talk about her like that again. Ever."
 Derek straightened himself, clearly unsure of what to do. 
Awkward. 
"Cam is gonna flip, man," he said as he walked over and poured two cups of coffee. "What the hell were you thinking?" Walking back over, he handed me one. "You wanna talk about it?"
 Hell no, this was Lee. I couldn't talk about her as if she was just another notch on my bedpost. I'd fucking ruined enough of her. I was not going to soil her reputation as well.  "I messed up, Derek, like, the biggest fucking mess up of mess ups," I said quietly. I couldn't take back sleeping with her or change the way I behaved after. Shit, I was rough with her. I was way too rough… 
"I'll say, man, if those bed sheets in the laundry are anything to go by." I glared at him. Derek had the decency to blush. "No, I'm not a creepy bastard," he said, taking a sip of his coffee. "I had a few things to wash and I…uh, saw the sheets in the machine when I was putting my stuff in. It was a rough guess, but judging by the look on your guilty assed face, and considering that fact you don't hang out with many virgins, I'd say I guessed right." 
Oh this was fucking fantastic. I collapsed into a chair. "I didn't know. She didn't disclose that piece of information." I felt horrible for talking about Lee to Derek, but I needed to talk to someone. I couldn't talk to Linda, she'd hate me. Or Cam, she already hated me. 
That left Derek. 
He sat down beside me, patting my shoulder. "Still," he mused. "On the bright side, you know you're the only one." I knew that and the thought thrilled me. I wanted to kick myself. I should not be thrilled that I took Lee's virginity. I shouldn't feel proud about it. Jesus, I hated myself. "Fuck knows how many Cam had before me," Derek muttered. I cringed for him. Poor guy. 
Derek and I both knew how openly Cam had given out her favors before she and Derek hooked up, which explained a lot of why Derek was so fucking paranoid. However, they were together, something Lee and I weren't–something we could never be. She had no future with me. I groaned in frustration, pulling my hair. 
"Dude, what are you gonna do about Rachel? That bitch will go nuclear on Lee if she gets wind of the two of you." 
I knew that. 
God, why did he keep stating my fucking thoughts aloud? It was bad enough they were in my head. Fuck my life. "There is no me and Lee. You know why I can't, Derek," I muttered.
"Kyle, man, you know I love you like you were my own little retarded brother, right?" I glared at Derek, smart-assed little shit.  "So, dude, please listen to me," he said. I tensed. I knew what he was going to say and I knew it would not make a blind shit of difference. "You gotta stop punishing yourself for what happened nearly two years ago. It wasn't your fault, Kyle. It was a fucking accident that shouldn't determine the rest of your life. Rachel is a big girl. You don't have to go through with it, dude." 
I couldn't look at him. He didn't understand. "Yeah," I said. "I do, man."


****


Chapter 14

Lee


It was three weeks and six days before Kyle spoke to me again. Twenty-seven miserable days where I spent the time pretending not to be hurt and Kyle pretended I didn't exist. He ignored me at home, avoided me at the hotel and I walked home every night from work alone. It was a Friday evening when the silence finally broke. 
I finished my shift and stepped outside when Kyle grabbed my wrist and spun me back to face him, backing me up against the outside wall of the hotel. He leaned into me, his face inches from mine. "We need to talk, princess." 
The smell of whiskey on his breath, blowing into my face, was a wrecking ball to my nerves. If he thought he could click his fingers and I would come running he had another thing coming. "Get away from me. You're drunk," I growled, pushing at his chest with both of my hands.  He didn't budge.
 "Stop fucking running from me," he shot back.  
"I'm not running, I'm leaving. There's a difference. I'm walking home," I said, brushing past him. 
"Fine, I'll walk with you." He fell into step with me as I marched down the sidewalk. 
"Don't put yourself out on my account. I'm sure you have plans already. I'm sure Rachel or one of your friends would be more than thrilled to have your company. In fact, that would make me ecstatic."  
He looked hurt. "You're my friend," he said quietly.
"No," I spat, anger building inside of me. "We are not friends anymore. I don't need a friend like you." I broke into a sprint, but he grabbed my elbow and dragged me back into his chest.
 "Jesus, Lee, I just want to speak to you. Why are you being so damn awkward?" 
"Why are you? You could have spoken to me anytime in that last month, but you didn't. You ignored me. Now I've told you to leave me alone, so please go right ahead." I knew I sounded like a bitch, but I was furious. 
"You're fucking impossible, you know that, Lee? I don't know why I bother." 
Ouch, that stung. "Oh yeah? Well, I ask myself the same question about you, Kyle," I shouted, pressing my fingers to my temple. 
"Fuck," he roared, kicking the ground. People were gathering close by. We were causing a scene.
 "Are you all right there, Lee?" Mike's voice broke through the tension and I was never so happy to see him in my life. 
"She's fine," Kyle growled. "This is a private conversation, asshole." Kyle stepped in front of me as Mike approached.
"It doesn't look all that private to me, boss," Mike said, stepping closer to us. I could hear the derisive way he said the word boss. Tension was emanating from both men and my nerves were in bits. 
"Actually, I'm not feeling well. Mike, could you give me a ride home?" I edged away from Kyle, but he grabbed my arm again. 
Leaning down to me, he growled, "Don't go anywhere with him."  
I had enough of him and his macho crap. "Take your hands off me, Kyle. You promised." Kyle released me as if I had burned him. I straightened my spine and walked over to Mike, taking his outstretched hand gladly. I was going apartment hunting first thing tomorrow. 
No room was worth this continuous heartache.



****


"Do you want to talk about it?" Those were the first words Mike had spoken all evening as he pulled his car up in front of my house–Kyle's house. I had to wait at the hotel for a couple of hours while Mike finished his shift and I was grateful for the delay. I did not want to go home tonight. Several cars filled the driveway and the sidewalk. 
Great. Another damn party. 
I unfastened my seat belt and turned to face Mike. He really was quite attractive. He had a healthy look about him, broad and strong and he had normal seat belts in his car. He was real nice to me and I felt incredibly awkward right now. It was not fair to cause trouble for him. 
I took a steadying breath. "I'm sorry about Kyle. It won't happen again. I'm sorry that I dragged you into my personal life." I was so embarrassed. My nerves were frazzled. I felt like I had walked into the twilight zone when I saw Kyle outside the hotel earlier. I could not keep up with him and his mixed signals. If he wanted to speak to me he could have any time in the past three and a half weeks. He chose not to though, and I was not going to be a pushover for him anymore.  I was not going to fall into his lap again, or his bed. His ignorance had hardened me. I was beginning to feel like Kyle hated me and wanted me, all in the same breath. 
"I don't mind being dragged in, Lee. I'm concerned about you." He looked at me with a sympathetic expression, his brown eyes warm. It made a change for a man to look at me with kindness, rather than disgust and anger. "I wish you would have told me about him earlier," he mumbled. "I could have warned you…you sure you're okay?" 
"I'm fine, Mike," I muttered, fighting back to tears that threatened to fall. 
Do not cry. 
Do not cry. 
Mike laid a hand gently on mine. I flinched, but forced myself to leave it there. "You're not fine, Lee. I know Kyle Carter better than you do. I get that he's your roommate, but the guy is bad news. He ruins women and doesn't give a shit while he's doing it. If you knew the half of what he's done…" Mike stopped and sighed. "It looks like he has a party going on in there. Do you want to stay at my place for tonight, get a little distance from him?" Seeing my horrified expression, he added, "On the couch, of course."
 I wished I had somewhere else to go. I did not want to go inside and face Kyle, Cam, or that bitch Rachel. I knew she would be inside. She never missed a party at our house. If Mike was able to put two and two together, it wouldn't be long until everyone at work realized I had slept with the boss. 
I wanted to run. 
I could not stay with Mike though. I did not want to blur any lines and I wouldn't feel safe. "No, no, I'll be fine, Mike, I swear," I said, opening the car door and stepping out.
 He was around to my door in a flash. "All right. Let me walk you to your room at least. Otherwise my conscience won't let me sleep tonight." 
I examined his face. He seemed genuinely concerned about me. My heart swelled. "Okay," I whispered. "Thank you, Mike."


****

Kyle


She brought him back with her. 
I could not believe it. Lee had brought that douchebag into my mother-fucking house. I saw her walk through the front door and go upstairs with him. Pure rage boiled through me and I wanted to throw her over my shoulders and take her away like a damn caveman.  
I flipped out and punched the refrigerator in frustration. It creaked in response. My knuckles throbbed, but I welcomed the pain.  People around me were staring. Let them look. If they didn't like it, they could get the fuck out. There was only one person whose opinion I cared about, and right now she was upstairs with that backstabbing little shit. I knew I had been a dick, showing up drunk at the hotel, but I had to talk to her. I should have spoken to her sooner, explained to her so she could understand why I couldn't give her more. Told her the fucking truth about Rachel…but the fear of her reaction kept me away. She'd hate me if she knew the truth, if she knew what I had done. 
I should have said something though and not have let it go for so long, but goddammit, I was torn. Rachel had me by the nut sac, and Lee…she had me by another organ I didn't know worked until she walked into my life. Fuck! She was like a buffet placed in front of a starving man. I was starving for her. I'd figured she would be upset with me, but I didn't expect her to react the way she did. I had seen the look in her eyes and it chilled me to the bone. The devastation, the disgust… 
Lee hated me and I had no one to blame but myself. 
I bet that little shit loved this. He was probably filling her up with lies right now.
"Hey, man, you all right? What did the fridge ever do to you?" Derek stood next to me. His voice was light, but his eyes were narrowed in concern. 
Was I okay? 
Fuck no. I was ruined. 
I couldn't talk to him. I needed to talk to Lee. 
I made for the staircase and a hand pulled me back by the shoulder. "Don't, Kyle. Leave her be, man. She's been through enough already," Derek warned. "She's not like us. She can't handle your shit."
 I turned and squared up to him. I was half a foot taller than he was so I had the upper hand. "What the fuck do you know about her?" I was shaking with anger. I knew my beef wasn't with Derek, but right about now anyone would do as a punching bag. 
"A lot more than you do by the sounds of it, asshole," he answered calmly. What in the hell was he talking about? 
"Do tell."  I was right in his face, my head bent down in his. I grabbed his shirt in my fist and I had to give it to him, Derek didn't flinch. He was used to my bullshit moods by now. I had taken enough of them out on him over the years. 
"Kyle man, breathe." 
I couldn't. My chest was close to exploding. The thought of Lee upstairs with that rat bastard Mike made my blood boil. Yeah, that jackass and I had some bad blood. The thought of him in her room made me go for the stairs again. 
Derek dragged me back again. "Dude, I'm on your side," he panted as he tried to restrain me. "I know you hate him, man, I hate him, too, but now is not the time to air your dirty laundry. You need to sober up." 
I was bucking against him, trying to break free of his bear hug, but the fucker had me pinned and he knew it. People were definitely staring at us now. I stopped struggling and slumped, my voice cracked. "She's up there with him, Derek. She's fucking up in her room, with HIM." 
Derek nudged me, pointing towards the staircase. I felt like all my prayers were answered. Mike was at the bottom of the staircase. Lee had sent him away. 
He smirked at Derek and me. I barged over to him. "You gotta problem, big brother?" Mike asked, smirking. 
Rat bastard. 
"Keep walking, asshole," Derek said, stepping in between the two of us. "Preferably into busy traffic." 
Mike smirked. "Tell Lee…I said goodnight. She should sleep well after…" 
He turned to walk out and I lunged forward, but Derek pulled me back. "Kyle, he's not worth it. Come on man, he's just trying to fuck with your head. Don't let him win again." 
Derek held me back long enough for Mike to close the front door behind him. "That mother fucker better not step one foot inside my house again," I warned. "I mean it, Derek. He comes in here again and I'll finish what started two years ago."


****

 
Lee


"Are you sure you're gonna be okay here, Lee? My offer still stands," Mike said as he leaned against my bed. 
At first I thought it was sweet that he walked me to my room, but now I was beginning to get worried. I did not want company, not tonight, and Mike was lingering. "I'll be fine, Mike," I said, opening my door. I was dropping major hints. "But thank you so much. You're too good to me." 
Mike's smile faltered for a second, then slipped back into place. He walked over to where I stood by the door. "I want to be more than good to you, Lee. I like you a lot." He leaned down and kissed my cheek. 
I froze. 
"I want you to know you have other options. There's better out there than Kyle Carter." 
He left, and I swear I could not move my feet even if I wanted to. 
What in god's name had just happened? 
 

****


Lee


I slept badly last night. I had been worried Kyle would come to my room. I need not have bothered. He never came. For some strange reason, I was upset about that fact. I was better off though, Kyle was wasted last night and usually when there was alcohol involved, our discussions went one of two ways. Either we broke out in a massive argument, or we ended up ripping each other's clothes off. I couldn't stand the thought of feeling used again, so I guess it was better this way. 
I was up, showered and dressed by eight thirty, which was pointless because I was off work for the weekend. Two whole days to myself. I didn't know what to do with myself. I heard his bedroom door creak open on my way down the stairs.
 "Lee, wait up." 
I thought about running, but there was really no place I could go. I was going to have to suck it up and face him. "What do you want, Kyle?" I looked back at him. He was closing his bedroom door. 
"I thought we could do something today?" I frowned at him as he tied the buttons on his red and black plaid shirt. "You up for it?"
I tried not to stare at his bare stomach, or the line of dark hair near his bellybutton disappearing under the low-slung jeans he had on. It was harder to ignore now that I knew where that treasure trail of hair led…"You haven't spoken to me in a month, Kyle. Why do want to do something together now?" I asked when he reached the step above me. 
His eyes were bleary and had dark circles under them. I guessed that's what he got for getting so trashed last night. "You have the day off work, I have the day off. Why not?" 
That was the most disappointing reason that could have come out of his mouth. I shook my head and walked down the remaining steps. I needed to get out of here, go for a walk and clear my head. I'd planned on going apartment hunting today, but honestly, I didn't have enough to rent a room, let alone a whole apartment. 
"No wait. Wait," Kyle rushed after me, yanking me back from the front door. "That was stupid. I didn't mean it like that." 
I exhaled loudly. I was getting tired of his games. "What did you mean, Kyle?" 
"I just want to talk to you, Lee. I want to spend some time with you, where it's just you and me. Can you give me a chance to fix this?" His blue eyes sliced through me and my resolve wavered. 
"What did you want to do?" I asked quietly. My brain was screaming at me not to do this, but my stupid heart was compelling me to hear him out. 
He smiled down at me and opened the door. "I'll do whatever you want me to do." 
I dragged my gaze away from him. "I'll let you decide," I whispered, grabbing my coat from the back of the door.

****

Kyle


She was in my truck. 
This was good. It meant I had time to explain things, but so far the only words that had come out of my mouth were 'you're welcome,' when she thanked me for helping her with her seatbelt. I tried to focus on the road, but my eyes kept drifting over to the passenger seat. Goddammit, she looked adorable, wrapped up in her khaki coat. She had the hood pulled up and the furry bit framed her face. She looked like an Eskimo. The sexiest fucking Eskimo I'd ever seen. "You cold?" I asked, trying to break the ice.
She turned to face me. Her nose was red. "Yeah, I guess I'm not used to the Colorado weather," she replied, giving me a tight smile. 
"This is mild, Lee. Wait until the snow comes." She shuddered and I couldn't help chuckle. She looked so damn cute. 
"So," I said. "Have you any plans for Halloween next week? Trick or treating?" What a stupid fucking thing to ask. God, I was a douche. My plan was to keep her talking long enough so that she would feel comfortable and open up to me again. I needed to know what Derek had meant. It wasn't curiosity anymore, it was compulsion. 
I had to know.
 "I'm not a big fan of Halloween," she replied quietly. "And I've never been trick or treating."
 I looked at her again. She was frowning. "What, never?" 
Lee shook her head. "No, have you?"
 Even I, the kid who'd be passed from pillar to post, had been trick or treating, albeit my costume had usually consisted of a black bin liner over my shoulders and a dollar store mask. Still, I had done it every year until I grew out of it. Kids loved trick or treating. "Yeah, I went as a kid. Why didn't you, Lee?" 
She shuffled around in her seat, fidgeting with her hands. "I was never allowed," she said softly. She looked so sad. I wanted to reach out and hold her hand, but I was too scared that she'd reject me.
"Why?" I couldn't help myself. I wanted to know more. I wanted to know everything about her. 
Her lips tightened. "You would have to ask my father," she said. "He was very…controlling." 
 What the fuck kind of father didn't let his kid go trick or treating? It made me wonder… "Did you like school when you were growing up?" I asked as we passed the college campus. 
"I enjoyed the learning side of it." She was being implicit. 
"What about the rest of it?" I asked. "You know, going to field parties with your friends? School dances, homecoming, dating?" I was prying. I knew I was, but I had this itch inside of me to know her inside out. 
"I didn't have any friends and I wasn't allowed to date. My first party was when I first moved here, the night you…" Her voice trailed off and I cleared my throat. 
She was referring to the night I'd kissed her in my kitchen. The night that had ignited this fucking obsession with her. I rubbed my hand over my chest. It hurt when she said she didn't have friends growing up. I felt a raw protectiveness towards her that I'd never felt for anyone. I wanted to tuck Lee under my arm and shield her from the shit reality of life. "So, you weren't allowed to date, but did you ever sneak out?" I asked. "It's hard to believe that a beautiful girl like you never went on a date." Now I was nosy. I peeked over at her and frowned. She had gone deathly pale. Her whole body was tense.  
"What did Cam tell you?" she whispered. She looked…devastated.
"She told me enough. I'd rather hear it from you," I lied. I hadn't a fucking clue what she was talking about, but from Lee's reaction I guessed I was on to something. 
"It was a mistake. I shouldn't have gone. It truly was my own fault." She pressed her fingers against her temples and closed her eyes. 
"I don't think it was," I said, hoping I was on the same page as her. 
"Kyle, if I hadn't gone, none of what happened afterwards would have happened. I'd have my diploma and be in college by now." She looked angry with herself. 
What the fuck had she done? Where had she gone that stopped her from graduating high school? I raked my brain for the most ambiguous response I could muster. "What do you think would have changed if you didn't go?" I was kind of proud of myself for that one.
 "You mean apart from the fact that I wouldn't be a high school dropout?" 
She was angry. I needed to thread carefully. "Yeah, apart from that?" 
Lee sighed and I could hear the quiver in her voice. This was upsetting her. "I wouldn't be here for one," she said and I flinched. Ouch, that stung like a bitch. "I'd still have nightmares, but I'd only have one monster to run from," she whispered. I knew about the nightmares. They were fucking scary. One monster? How many monsters did she have? "And I wouldn't be terrified and fearful that every time a man came too close he was going to try and rape me." 
I couldn't see straight. 
I couldn't fucking breathe. 
My mind couldn't focus on anything other than that one word. 
Rape. 
Someone had tried to rape her? 
Lee.
My Lee. 
Mother Fucker…


****

Lee


I hated Cam for telling him. 
I hated Kyle for making me tell him again. 
Cam I would forgive, but not Kyle. Not now that he was ignoring me again. He'd asked me and I'd told him. It wasn't the worst secret I had, but it was a close second. 
"You can let me off anywhere here," I told him. We were driving down a street I was familiar with. I could find my way back to the house on foot. He didn't respond or slow the truck down. "Kyle, I said let me out," I snapped. I was done. I was so done with all the bullshit. I should have never gotten into his truck. 
I was a glutton for punishment. 
I looked over at him. He had his hands wrapped around the wheel so tight I thought the skin around his knuckles might crack.  His jaw ticked, he swallowed hard. "Just…give me a minute," he said between clenched teeth. 
"No. Let me out now." 
He rolled his neck and inhaled deeply through his nose. "Lee, baby, I'm having a hard time trying to stay calm right now, a real fucking hard time. If you get out of this truck, I'm gonna lose it." 
My mouth dropped open. Awareness smacked me straight in the chest. "Cam didn't tell you anything, did she? You tricked me." 
His eyes flashed to mine and I could see the guilt in them. I could also see crazed fury. There was no point in asking him to let me out. I knew he'd have more questions. "Who was he?" 
I debated telling Kyle to go screw himself, but I couldn't. "Why should I tell you anything about my life?" I argued. "It's not like you trust me to confide in." 
He clenched his teeth together. "Just tell me, Lee, and I'll answer anything you want."
 I contemplated his gruff words. I could tell he was trying to control his temper.  "Perry Franklin," I said shakily. 
He nodded excessively. I could tell he was filing the name away in his head somewhere. "When?" he asked, his voice was laced with anger.
I look up in confusion. "When?" 
Kyle slammed his palm on the steering wheel. "Yes, when, Lee? When did this happen? When did this guy attack you? And when the fuck were you going to tell me?" 
He didn't give me a chance to answer before the truck swerved to a stop and then he was pulling me into his arms, telling me everything would be all right. I knew it wouldn't, but the memories from that night spilled from my lips. I found myself telling Kyle everything about that night. I opened my soul and let all the pain and suffering I felt from that night weep out. I found myself revealing much more to Kyle than I had to Cam. How I was tricked by Perry to go to prom with him. How I had found out he had asked me as a dare from his other teammates. How it felt when his rough hands groped me and how I had wanted to die. I wasn't sure why I told Kyle, but I felt like he could heal me. In that moment, I felt like Kyle Carter could break my fall. He could give me back that piece of me Perry had broken. 
I didn't tell him about my father though. Not even Kyle could fix that piece of me. 
I let him hold me. 
I let him kiss my hair and rub my back. 
I let myself cry in his arms and be comforted by his words. 
I felt like a weight had lifted. Kyle was here and he believed me. Kyle might not love me, or want me the way I did him, but he did care. He cared and I was safe. 
I imagined this would have been how it felt if someone had believed me at the time. 
 

****


Kyle


She was pulling away again. I could feel her withdrawal. We were sitting beside each other on the back step of the house drinking coffee. Lee hadn't said a word in the twenty minutes we'd been back. I knew she was overthinking things. I wanted to make her feel better. I wanted her to know that I didn't judge her, or blame her for that asshole. 
I raked my brain for something–anything that would bring her back to me. "I grew up in foster care." Well, that wasn't something I'd ever anticipated coming out of my mouth, but there it was. 
Lee's eyes widened as she turned to face me. "But you're rich." she blurted out.
 I laughed at her innocent assumption. "I wasn't always." She didn't say anything which both comforted and confused me. Was she afraid to ask? Did she not care? "What are you thinking?" I asked her. I needed to know.
 She sighed. "Honestly?" I nodded. "I want to ask you a million and one questions, but I'm not sure if you want me to." 
I smiled at her answer. "Why don't you ask me one at a time and we'll see how it goes?" 
She turned her body towards me, cradling her cup between her fragile hands. "How did you go from being in foster care to owning a string of hotels?" 
"It's a long story," I said, pondering the best way to tackle it. "My mother was sixteen when she had me. I didn't know my father…I don't think she did either." I watched her face for her reaction. She didn't look horrified or disgusted. She looked at me with accepting eyes. "I don't remember her clearly," I continued. "Just that she was blonde and beautiful. She died…from a drug overdose when I was three. She had no family and my father was a John Doe, so I was turned over to the state…" 
Lee rested her hand on mine and the words flew out of me in a rush. "Don't ask me how, but when I was twelve, my father's father found out I existed and filed for custody of me. He was granted custody and I moved to Boulder to live with him. He died almost two years ago and left me everything." Grandpa and Linda had found me at a time when I was starting to lose hope and beginning to get into trouble. They had saved me.
 Lee blew out a breath. I kept my eyes on her face, gaging her reaction. I couldn't believe I'd told her. I hated talking about my past. It was humiliating. It was fucking upsetting and I didn't want anyone's pity. Lee squeezed me hand. "Do you miss him?" 
I didn't expect that question. I'd never been asked that before. "Frank was a hard man, not the soft and fuzzy type of grandfather, but he saved me from a life of being passed around like a fucking parcel. I'm more grateful than anything." 
Lee shifted closer to me and I wrapped my arm around her shoulders. She nuzzled into my side. "Do you see him now?" 
I knew exactly who she meant. I stiffened. She noticed and snuggled closer into my side, nuzzling my arm with her cheek until my body slowly relaxed. "He has his own wife and family. I see him occasionally, but I don't acknowledge him as anything other than the man who donated his sperm." Lee stretched up and kissed my cheek. I frowned at her. "What was that for?" 
She smiled softly. "For being Kyle Carter. For enduring what you have and becoming the best man I know." 
I couldn't answer her. 
I squeezed my eyes shut to stop the tears that threatened to fall. 
She'd know how much her words meant to me if she looked into my eyes. 
Fuck, she was making me feel things. 
I was losing control.


****


Lee


I wanted to ask Kyle a million other questions, but I didn't. I could tell it was a huge deal for Kyle to tell me what he had. It was a huge deal to me. More pieces of the Kyle Carter jigsaw slid into place. He was brave and he was proud. He didn't like to show weakness. I don't think he liked to feel weakness. I loved him for doing this for me. He'd exposed himself to ease my pain. He was incredible... 
"Hey, Kyle, you wanna go shoot some pool? Whoops... Sorry."  I jumped up from the step to see Derek at the kitchen door, grinning mischievously. Kyle stood up slowly and stretched. "Never mind, I can see you guys are busy," Derek grinned, waggling his eyebrows.  
I moved away from Kyle and walked inside quickly. "No, we're not. I was just going to bed," I muttered. 
Derek raised his brow in surprise. 
"She means alone, asshole," Kyle said, as he went to the sink and rinsed his cup. 
"Whatever you say, dude. I can smell the sex vibes from here though." I blushed and ducked under Derek's arm, heading for the stairs. 
"Goodnight, princess," I heard Kyle say just before Derek cried out in pain. 
"Ouch, Dude? What the fuck?" 
I chuckled. "Goodnight, Kyle." 


****

Chapter 15


Kyle


I stalked around my room like a mad man. I was nervous and she was late. 
"Dude, what the fuck are you wearing?" I turned around to see Derek bent over in my doorway sniggering. 
"If you tell anyone about this, I will kick your ass," I warned. This was the most degrading moment of my life. I blushed like a fucking girl.  
"Couldn't you have gone for someone manlier," he suggested. "Like Batman, or Arrow?" 
I looked down at the green tights I had on and cringed. "Fuck you. Her favorite book as a kid was Peter Pan." 
Derek staggered over to my bed, holding his stomach. "You are so pussy whipped, dude. And you're not even gonna get your dick sucked for this." He wiped his eyes. "This is a whole lot of effort you're going to for a girl who's just a friend." 
I glared at him. "Ha-ha. You think you're fucking hilarious, don't you? Keep talking, dude, and we'll see how much Cam likes the sex tape you made with Julie Wilson in high school." 
“You Lie...” Derek's face paled and I knew I had the fucker's silence. "You're a cunning bastard." 
I snorted. "I do what I have to." 
Derek rose and walked to the door. "Fine I'm going, I'm going," he muttered. He stepped into the hall and jumped in the air, clicking his heels together. "I wish I was a boy. I wish I was a real live boy."  
I lunged for him, but he was faster. "That's Pinocchio, you asshole," I growled, chasing him down the stairs. 
"Dude, I didn't realize you were such a fan of Disney," Derek shouted. I caught him on the bottom step and tackled him down just as the door swung open.
 "Oh. My. God," Cam laughed as she stood in the doorway. "Kyle, what the hell are you wearing?" she asked through fits of laughter. 
I climbed off a laughing Derek and shifted around awkwardly. "Surprise," I muttered. I focused my attention on the motive for this ridiculous outfit. 
"Kyle? What are you doing?" Lee asked as she moved away from the doorway towards me. Thank fuck she wasn't laughing at me. I didn't think my male pride could take it. She touched my outfit with an awestruck look on her face. "Why are you dressed as Peter Pan?" 
I shrugged, ignoring the smart-ass comments coming from my roommates. "You said you've never been trick or treating. I thought we could go." 
Lee gazed up at me with glassy eyes and a huge smile. 
"Dude, you are twenty-two years old. You cannot be serious?" Derek piped up from behind me. 
Lee's smile fell and I wanted to kick him. "I fucking am. If Lee wants to go trick or treating, then we are going trick or treating." I turned to look at her. "Do you want to go, princess?" I asked calmly. 
She nodded eagerly. "But I don't have a costume," she said, pulling her lip into her mouth. 
"Yeah you do," I said, nudging her towards the staircase. "You don't think I'd dress like this by myself? Go get your ass ready, Tinkerbell, before all the good candy's gone." I shouldn't have done it, but I gave her ass a little slap. 
Lee squealed excitedly and rushed up the stairs with Cam hot on her heels. I stood there motionless, watching her disappear into her room. My heart was bursting with a million different emotions. 
Derek slapped a hand on my shoulder. "You're in deep trouble, buddy." 
Didn't I know it? 


****

Lee


I didn't think it was possible for me to love Kyle more than I already did. 
I was wrong. 
When Cam had opened the door and I'd seen Kyle dressed in that Peter Pan outfit, I'd thought my heart was going to explode. He had done it for me. He made a complete idiot out of himself just to make me happy. I had donned my Tinkerbell costume and gone trick or treating with Kyle. We'd looked ridiculous, knocking on doors looking for candy. But Kyle hadn't seemed to care, so I hadn't either. He had a knack of putting me at ease, and I had known at that moment, while we stood outside a decorated house, waiting for candy, that I would always be in love with Kyle Carter. It was entirely my fault. 
Kyle had a way of turning my world inside out and upside down, blowing it to pieces, and then putting it back together. It was a dangerous thing to love a man who had the ability to destroy me. He had ruined me for every other man and I did not care. I would never want anyone but him. 
"I think we have enough candy to see us through until thanksgiving," Kyle said when we reached our street. He was smiling and holding my hand as we walked towards our house. I loved that he was carefree tonight. Usually he carried such a weight around. 
"You're just a big kid at heart, aren't you?" I mused, grinning up at him. 
"Oh, I'm big all right," he joked. "And strong, too. You wanna test that theory?" He winked and my mouth fell open. "Come on, my little fairy. I'll give you a ride home." Kyle hunched down. "Hop on, you're chariot awaits you."  
I giggled excitedly as I climbed on his back. "You know, I think that's from Cinderella?" I said, wrapping my arms and legs around him. 
He gripped me under my thighs, his hands straying dangerously close to my butt. "It sounded good though," he chuckled as he straightened his back. "Come on, spider monkey," he said, as he took off running. 
I squealed and clutched him for dear life. "That one is definitely from Twilight. You have no originality, Kyle Carter." 


****


We were still laughing when he opened the front door and stepped inside. My laughter died when I took in all the people in the house. One of Cam's parties was in full swing. Kyle tensed. His hands fell from my thighs. I took that as my queue to get down. I wiggled down his back as a voice broke through the loud music. 
"Well, isn't this sweet? Peter Pan and his little fairy whore." 
I glared at Rachel from behind Kyle’s back. She was dressed as a slutty devil, with horns on her head, and not a lot else on her body. The costume suited her. Evil bitch. "It's Halloween, you know. You could have dressed up as something other than your usual evil self," I said bravely. I'd had enough of Rachel and her nasty comments. I wasn't about to let her ruin my perfect night with Kyle. 
Rachel cut me a death glare and Kyle stiffened. "Lee, go upstairs now," he said quietly, without meeting my eyes. 
"Yeah, Lee, run along. This is a big girl's party," Rachel mocked. 
"No, I want to stay with you," I said, pulling on his hand. "Just ignore her."
 He jerked his hand away. "Please, Lee, get out of here. I can't be near you right now." Kyle exhaled harshly and ran his hand through his hair, knocking his feathered cap off in the process. 
"Why are you doing this?" I whispered, picking up his hat. 
"This is the way it has to be," he said and I closed my eyes. I couldn't bear to watch him walk away from me again. My stomach was twisting inside me and I focused on not throwing up. When I opened eyes, Kyle was gone and Rachel was grinning deviously. 
"I did warn you," she said smugly. "He will always choose me."


****


Chapter 16

Lee


The following month was cold. 
The weather was definitely growing crisp and we were well into November. I was feeling the climate change. I was used to the consistent heat in the South. The erratic snowstorms and cold fronts here were playing havoc with my natural body temperature. 
I had been sick over thanksgiving with a vomiting bug, and had used it as my excuse to avoid eating a holiday meal with Kyle. We hadn't spoken much since Halloween. The atmosphere was thick and strained between us now. Everyone noticed, especially since Kyle walked around the house with a black cloud hanging over his head. He snapped at Cam, argued with Derek and as usual ignored me. 
I was still recovering from my illness when Cam asked me to go for a walk with her. I agreed, even though I still felt weak, but it was better than being inside the house and walking on eggshells around Kyle and his mood swings. We took the trail veering west from Chautauqua Park. "You okay there, Lee?" Cam called out. 
She was a good ten feet ahead of me. The cold air was cutting into my face and my eyes were burning. "No, I need to take a rest," I said panting. I had a sharp stabbing pain in my side and needed to sit down. I sank down on the snowy path and held my side. 
"Good grief, you are so unfit," Cam joked when she reached me. 
"It's not funny." I really did have a sharp pain in my side. I felt the need to lie down. "Could we head back, Cam? I don't think I can walk much further." 
Cam reached out her hand and pulled me to my feet. "Yeah sure. You should have said you weren't feeling one hundred percent, Lee." I brushed the wet sludge and gunk from my jeans. "That bug really took it out of you, didn't it?" Cam mused.
I nodded, grateful that we were going home. 
Cam threw her arm around me as we made our way back to the car.
 

****


The phone was ringing in the kitchen when we made it back to the house. I plopped into a chair as Cam went over to answer it. "Hello?" Cam said in a playful tone. "House of all things kinky, the resident sexpert speaking." 
I shook my head at her. I didn't know why she always had to answer the phone with suggestive comments. I guessed she was as sick as I was of answering calls from women looking for Kyle. 
Cam's face paled as she held the phone out to me. I stared at the phone for a moment, wondering who the hell would be calling for me. Standing slowly, I took the phone from her. "Hello, this is Lee?" 
My heart dropped into my stomach at the sound of the voice on the other line. 
"Daddy?" 


****

Kyle


I would like to say that Derek and I had our own lives outside of our female roommates, and that we didn't mope about all day waiting for the girls to return, but if I said that then I'd be a liar. Where the fuck were they? I hadn't seen either one since yesterday. Lee still wouldn't look at me and I needed to talk to her. I needed to apologize for everything and make things right. 
My eyes were glazing over from the amount of time we had spent playing the Xbox. I wasn't even that into the game. Derek sighed loudly for the fiftieth time in the past hour and I snapped. "If you do that again," I growled. "I'm gonna stick my foot up your ass and give you a fucking reason to sigh." Christ, he was getting on my last nerve. I was trying to keep my mind off Lee and how fucked up the situation between us had become, and Derek was irritating the crap out of me.
 "Dude, we are so pathetic, sitting here like a pair of ninnies. Fuck the girls. We should be out on the tiles, munching some bush." 
 I groaned and tossed the remainder of my sandwich down. There went my appetite. How was I friends with this freak? "Munch some bush? What are you, the pussy patrol? Dude, you have a girlfriend. You remember Cam, right?"  
Derek dropped his controller down on the coffee table. Thank God. I tossed mine down quickly before he changed his mind. I couldn't take another minute of that game. "Yeah, I remember Cam and I also know where she and Lee are right now." 
Wait, what? Where was Lee? I glared at his sulky face. "Where are they right now?" 
 "Fucking Montgomery," Derek sighed and my blood boiled. 
"As in, Louisiana? What the hell? Why?" How did I not know this? 
"Lee had to go home. Cam went with her. They left last night." 
I was on my feet and moving before my brain caught up. "Dude, you waste half my day, and about fifty chromosomes I'll never get back, playing that shit when you knew the girls were gone to fucking Louisiana?" 
Derek groaned. "Fuck them, Kyle. Cam's probably honky-tonking her little ass around some bar by now and not giving two shits about me." 
Could he hear himself? "You dipshit. Don't you care that there's probably fifty guys right now trying to get in your girl's panties." And my girl's. I grabbed my keys and headed for my truck, not waiting for Derek's reaction. 
"Awh shit," I heard him shout a few moments later.


****

Lee


"What are you going to say to him when we get there?"  I knew what Cam was asking, but I honestly had no answer for her. I didn't know what I was going to say. 
What do you say to the man who raised you, tortured you your whole life and was now lying in a hospital bed? 
A heart attack he had said. I was not surprised. Daddy smoked cigarettes like he breathed air. Constantly. "I'm not sure, Cam. I'm more worried about what he'll say to me, to be honest." We had been driving all night and we still had another two hours to go. I planned on using those to plot how I was going to approach my father. 
"You know, you don't have to do this, Lee. We can turn around and be home by nightfall. You can walk away from this. You owe him nothing." 
I nodded, but didn't say anything. There was no point. Nothing I could say to Cam would redeem my father in her eyes. I kept thinking that this was the right thing to do. 
My mother wouldn't have wanted him to be sick and alone.


****

Kyle


My head was bursting. I had a headache to kill all headaches and Derek would not shut the fuck up. 
"Dude, I swear if she's with another guy when we get there, then I'm totally done. I mean it this time. I'm not taking her shit anymore." His rants didn't even render an answer. He was talking out of his ass. I just nodded or shook my head when he looked over at me which seemed acceptable. 
To be honest, my mind was nowhere near Cam and Derek's fucked up relationship. It was fixed on mine and Lee's fucked up one. Why did she need to go home? Was she sick? Was she running again? Was she leaving me? I sounded fucking pathetic. I wasn't hers to leave. I wasn't anything... 
"Dude, did Cam mention anything about why Lee needed to go home?" This was the fourth time I had asked Derek that question since we hit the road. Every time he distracted me with some sob story about Cam. I wanted to puke. I should have caught a flight, but I hadn't fucking thought it through. When Derek told me where Lee was, I'd gotten in my truck and started driving. 
His phone rang just as he was about to answer me. "Who is it?" I asked.
"Fucking Camryn," Derek grumbled as he looked at the screen. 
I wanted to grab the phone off him. "Answer it, dumbass." 
Derek pressed a button and put the phone up to his ear. "Babe, are you okay? Did you get there safely?" 
What a pussy. 
So much for his ranting… 
"Oh, that's good I guess. How's Lee holding up?" I strained to hear Cam's voice on the other line. It was too muffled. "No, I didn't say anything." 
Didn't say what? 
"Cam, baby, I didn't tell him." Derek looked at me and shifted uncomfortably. "Can I call you back later, I can't talk right now." Oh, this was getting interesting. "Yeah, Kyle's here. Gotta go."  
I waited until he put the phone back in his pocket to speak. "You've been holding out on me, buddy. Talk. Now."


****

 
Lee


My feet shook with every step I took towards the hospital room. "Do you want me to go in with you?" Cam asked. 
"No, I have to do this myself." I stepped inside. 
"Delia, baby?" 
I approached the old man in the bed in front of me. Tubes and machines were surrounding him. I swallowed the vomit that threatened to spill. "Hello daddy." 
His face looked much older than when I had last seen him. I felt like crying. I knew he had done some terrible things to me, but this was my father. The only family I had in the world. 
"I'm so happy you came. I didn't think you would. I wouldn't have blamed you if you didn't." 
I sighed and sat on a chair beside his bed. "I almost turned back twice." 
He patted my hand and I flinched, pulling it away. "We'll, I'm glad you changed your mind." he whispered. 
"How bad is it, daddy?"
 He shrugged and tried to pull himself up, but winced in pain. "Don't you worry about me, darling, I'll be just fine." 
"It's kind of hard not to worry considering you've just had a heart attack. I am worried about you." 
He visibly shook when I said that. "Awh, darling, you don't know how happy it makes me to hear you say those words. I thought that you'd hate me after what I did." 
I had no answer. 
"Delia, I've stopped drinking. I'm going to meetings every day. I'm sorry, baby, so sorry for what I did to you." 
I flinched. "Which time, daddy?" 
"Every time…what I did to you, the way I treated you was unforgivable. I realized that the day I found your room empty." 
I couldn't believe what I was hearing. My father was actually showing remorse. He was up to something. "I'm not coming home, daddy, if that's why you're saying these things. I won't come home." 
He nodded and sighed. "I wouldn't expect you to, sweetheart. I'm just glad I got a chance to tell you how sorry I am, before…before it's too late." 
I stood up quickly. 
I could not listen to anymore. 
I needed to think.
 "I'm going to go. I can't take this all in right now. I'll come back tomorrow, okay?" 
Daddy nodded. "Sure, sure. Do you have somewhere to stay tonight? You can stay at the house for as long as you like." 
I shook my head, not wanting to go anywhere near that house. "Camryn is with me. She drove me here." 
Daddy pondered this for a moment. "I guess I owe that girl a thank you," he said. "Taking care of my baby when I didn't… She has been a good friend to you. You're both welcome to use the house." 
I opened the door. "Goodnight, Daddy."



****


Cam was unusually silent on the way to my father's house. She had said–no told me–we were staying at the house. She wanted me to get some of my things and knew this was probably my only chance of getting any of my possessions. We pulled up outside the old battered farmhouse and the sound of a dog barking had me leaping from the car. 
"Bruno," I squealed. The sight of my old chocolate lab bounding towards me, made me drop to my knees. "Hey boy, I missed you, yes I did. Did you miss me?" Bruno barreled into me, attacking my face with wet kisses and drool. "Oh, you did miss me, didn't you, boy?" I hugged the chunky old guy. By the looks of him, my father had been feeding him well. 
"That old guy is still alive?" Cam chuckled from behind me. 
"Of course he is, aren't you, Bruno," I said, my voice taking on the universal dog tone. 
Standing up, I went and opened the front door. Bruno bounded in before us. I was half-afraid of the mess in front of us, but the house was…clean. I guessed my father was telling the truth about kicking the booze. 


****

Kyle


I listened impatiently as Derek muttered and moaned through his fucking explanation. "Lee's father had a heart attack. That's why she's gone home. He's fine though as far as Cam knows." 
Relief flooded through me. She wasn't running from me at least. "That's it? That's the big secret?" I asked.
 "Well, not exactly…" 
I looked over at him. "Dude, you better start fucking talking fast, or I'm gonna toss your ass out of this truck quicker than you can say Okla-fucking-homa." 
Derek shifted uncomfortably in his seat. "Okay, Kyle, promise you won't flip out and go crazy?" 
I grimaced. "Don't give me a reason to flip out and go crazy." 
Derek sighed loudly. "Okay," he said. "Well, I found out some stuff about Lee and why she might be staying with us." I tensed, but kept my mouth shut. "You're not gonna like this, dude," he warned and let the words rush from his mouth. "Cam said Lee's dad used to knock her around." 
I slammed on the brakes. 
"Jesus fucking Christ, Kyle, are you trying to get us killed?" 
Horns were blaring around us as I pulled into the hard shoulder. I turned to face him. "What do you mean used to knock her around?" 
Derek fidgeted with his hands. "I'm not sure, dude. I'm not even supposed to know this. Cam let it slip the night you and Lee had that fight in the kitchen." 
That was nearly two months ago. 
Derek had been holding back crucial fucking information from me. 
I cringed. 
"She was drunk, Kyle," Derek said defensively. "I wasn't sure if she was talking out of her ass," he groaned and rubbed his forehead. "She said that Lee had a piss poor life with the guy, and that he was a control freak. He knocked her around and she had some scars on her back or something." 
I couldn't deal with this shit. Lee didn't have any scars. I would know. My mind reverted back to the night of her birthday, when I had thought I'd felt something on her back…But I'd been too fucking horny to stop and check. Were those grooves I felt scars? Fuck, I wanted to hit something. "And she's what, gone back to Louisiana to hold his fucking hand?" 
Derek shrugged. "Kyle, he's still her old man. Her mom's dead. She has no brothers or sisters. Lee's dad is all she's got." 
Not anymore. 
She had me.


****

Chapter 17

Lee


We sat on the porch swing in our pajamas sipping cocoa, with Bruno thrown down on the porch by our feet. The night air was calm and mild. I loved the mildness of Louisiana winters. Compared to Colorado, this was heaven. 
"Wow," Cam said as she blew her cocoa. "I can't believe he apologized." 
Neither could I. "I know. I'm still trying to get my head around the conversation. He was so different, Cam. Nothing like the way he used to be." 
Cam turned to me. "Do you think it's an act, like to get you to move back home?" 
I had thought that. "I'm not sure. It's a pretty convincing act." 
She sighed. "Yeah."
 The sound of Bruno barking drew my attention to the lane leading up to our house. Bruno rushed down the steps towards the incoming car headlights. "Looks like we've got company," Cam muttered as she stood up and walked over to the steps of the porch. I watched the headlights pull up outside my house. "No freaking way," Cam squealed as she bounded down the steps of the porch. 
The passenger side of the black truck opened first. "Miss me much?" Derek asked as Cam threw herself into his arms. They quickly went from a friendly hug to an X-rated make out session. 
The driver's door opened and my stomach dropped. I closed my eyes. I stayed sitting on the porch swing. My body locked up in anticipation. I knew he was walking over to me. I could hear his footsteps on the gravel and then the porch steps. I just didn't know which version of Kyle I was going to get. "Princess…" 
The sound of his voice had me whipping my eyes open. Kyle stood in front of me, his hands in his jean pockets, the hood of his gray hoodie pulled up, covering his thick brown hair. "You're here." I blurted out. I didn't know what else to say. 
He tilted his head to the side, smiling softly. "Are you really surprised?"
 No, I wasn't. "It's an awfully long drive just to drop off Derek." I said. 
He reached out and snagged my hand. "What if I came for you?" he asked, pulling me up from the swing. 
I hovered awkwardly. "I told you. I'm not your friend anymore." The words sounded weak, even to my ears. 
He smiled deeper, his lush dimple making an appearance. "Keep telling yourself that, princess. See how long that lasts." I was about to protest, when Kyle pulled me into his arms. 
His arms wrapped around me tightly, his thumb drawing slow circles on my lower back, his other hand cradling my head against his chest. I tensed for a moment and then softened into his embrace. It felt so good to be back in his arms. 

****

Kyle


 I was fucking terrified Lee would turn me away. She sure looked like she wanted to kick my ass when I showed up at her house. Thank god she caved in and let me hold her. I needed to hold her like I needed to breathe. It wasn't a requirement. It was a fucking necessity. 
Cam and Derek went upstairs within ten minutes of us arriving, so I guessed they were back on track. And I'd spent a ridiculous amount of time trying to win around the affections of Lee's huge motherfucking dog, Bruno. The cranky shit growled at me every time I moved too close to her. We were sitting on her old frayed couch, in the open planned kitchen/lounge with the smelly bastard sitting in between us. Do not get me wrong, I liked dogs, but this particular one had it against me.
 "Would you like some more cocoa?" Lee asked. 
No. God no. That stuff was like drinking lead, but the hopeful look on her face had me nodding. "Sure, I'd love some more." She smiled nervously as she walked over to the kitchen area. Christ, I was pussy whipped. But I wanted to keep her smiling, and if that meant drinking shit stain cocoa for the night, then I'd man up and do it. 
I turned to look at Bruno and he was eyeing me with that freaky dog stare. "Dude, you're killing me here. Isn't there a nice bitch or a bone you could go play with?" I said low enough so Lee wouldn't hear me. He growled again and I jerked back. Yep, I was definitely going to get my ass ripped up. 
While Lee made more cocoa, I took the time to look around. The room we were in was decent in size, but it wasn't big by any stretch of the imagination–or modern. It hurt my heart to think that Lee lived here for eighteen years. The place was clean, but it was run down and shoddy. The furniture was old fashioned and worn. I assumed from the look of the table and chairs it was handmade. The wooden staircase in the left corner of the room was neither carpeted, nor varnished, and looked worryingly weak. It had creaked loudly when Cam and Derek went upstairs earlier. The house didn't look like it had been renovated in decades.
 "Sorry, Kyle, we're out of cocoa. It's just coffee I'm afraid," Lee apologized as she handed me a cup of steaming black coffee. Thank you Jesus. I inhaled the welcoming smell of strong coffee. "So, are you going to tell me why you're really here?" Lee asked as she sat on the tarnished coffee table in front of me, her arms folded over her knees. 
"Are you going to tell me why you are?" I shot back.
She frowned. "You know why. My dad…"
"I know your dad had a heart attack. I'm asking you what you are doing here." 
As realization flooded her features she paled. "Who have you been talking to?"
 Lie or tell the truth… Fuck it. "Derek mentioned that you and your dad have a rocky relationship." Smooth, but I carried on like a fucking idiot. "He told me a few things that make me wonder. I’m starting to seriously fucking question your sanity for being here." 
Lee's eyes filled with tears. "That is none of your business or Derek's," she sniffed. "I could kill Cam." 
I leaned forward and grabbed her arms. "Lee, don't pretend with me. I know something's going on. I care about you for Christ's sake. I want to help. Let me in." 


 ****

Lee


I couldn't believe Kyle was bringing up my private life like this. How dare he? "You don't care about me, Kyle," I snapped. "Don't lie to my face by saying that you do. Oh god, you weren't supposed to know…you were never supposed to find out." 
Kyle stood up and ran his hand through his hair. "You know I care, baby." He marched around the room like someone jacked up on too much caffeine. "I need to know if it's true. I need you to let me in," he said. He grabbed my cheek and looked straight into my eyes. "Let me in, princess." 
The floodgates of tears and anger inside of me burst open. "What do you want to know, Kyle? How my father used to beat the shit out of me?" I demanded. "Or how he locked me away from everything normal and kept me stuck in this goddamn house for eighteen years? Or maybe you'd like to hear about how he pulled me out of school in my senior year and killed all my hopes and dreams?" I was on a roll now. "Will that somehow help you? Do you get a buzz from hearing about my fucked up life? Well, there it is. Turns out I'm just as messed up as you, probably more." 
I lost it then, pulling my top over my head. "You wanna see, huh?" I asked. "Would it make you feel better to see how badly he beat me for being a whore and easy. Well, it looks like you both thought that about me," I screamed, placing my hand over my heart. "But the scars you left on me you can't see." I jerked my pajama bottoms down, stepped out of them and turned around. "Here, take a good look. This is me scarred and imperfect. I'm broken, nothing like Rachel." 
I heard Kyle take a sharp breath. "Jesus." 
I felt his hands skim my scars and I flinched. "Don't touch me," I warned. He pulled me closer. "I said, don't touch me." 
I struggled in his arms. "Don't fight me, baby," he whispered as his arms wrapped around me tightly. 
All the fight went out of my body. 
Succumbing to the tears, I let Kyle hold me. 
 

****


Kyle


I held Lee for the better part of last night. Jesus, I'd been afraid to let her out of my arms. Those scars…
My stomach coiled thinking about the nasty welts across her back, her ass and thighs. What kind of monster did that to his kid? I had a fucked up family, but they paled in comparison to Lee's father. I wanted to kill him, more than I had ever wanted to harm anyone in my life. The only thing that had stopped me from driving straight to the hospital last night was Lee. She had been so small and fragile in my arms. 
How had I not noticed those scars before? 
I was in way over my head, but I couldn't back out now. I was fucking hooked. Walking away was not an option. She had cried herself to sleep in my arms last night and I had put her to bed. I should have left her room, but I was a selfish bastard and had curled up beside her. I think I needed to keep her close last night more for my sake than hers. 
I wanted to protect this girl from all the cruel, torturous blows she had been dealt. I wanted to pack her up in my truck and take her far away from here, keep her with me.
She was gone when I woke up in the morning. She had left a note to say she was going to visit that bastard. How she could show him any compassion was beyond me. Her actions proved another point. Lee was an angel. Christ, she was the best person I knew. 
I made her twin-sized bed, went downstairs and made a cup of coffee. I was anxious as shit, waiting on a phone call to give me the information I needed. I had a fucking score to settle before I left this town. Someone was going to pay… 
I was sitting on the porch swing, trying to woo the fleabag himself, when Derek joined me. "Morning," he said, sitting down beside me.
I nodded. I couldn't see anything good about this morning. If I had my way, I would have Lee halfway back to Colorado by now. 
"Where are the girls?" Derek asked, petting Bruno on the head. 
"They're at the hospital. Visiting him." 
Derek stretched, yawning loudly. "So, did you and Lee straighten everything out?" 
I shrugged. "I don't know, Derek. Everything is still all messed up." 
He leaned forward, tickling Bruno behind his ear. How was it that the damn dog let Derek pet him, but when I went to touch him he all but ate my arm off? "Was it true?" 
I knew what he meant. "Yeah, all of it and more."
 He let out a whistle and turned to face me. "You're gonna break her if you don't choose. It's going to end badly, Kyle, and you're not the only one invested anymore." 
I could hear the warning in his words and I knew what I had to do.
I had to phone Rachel.

****


Chapter 18


Lee


"He knows?" 
I nodded. 
"Everything?" 
I thought for a moment. Kyle knew about Perry and now he knew the worst part of me, the dirtiest corner of my secret life. "Yes." 
Cam let out sigh. "I think I might have been wrong about you staying away from Kyle. He's different with you, Lee. He's…changing." 
I looked at her face. She looked deep in thought. "In what way?" I asked. Could it be possible that Kyle really was changing? We hadn't spoken in a month before last night, and I had missed him, but I couldn't keep riding this rollercoaster of passion and pain. 
"I'm not sure how to explain it exactly, but he is different with you. It's like you've woken up a part of him that has been missing for years." 
I pondered over her words. Whether I had changed Kyle or not was irrelevant to the fact that he had perpetually changed me. "I'm in love with him, Cam." 
 "I know, Lee."



****


We visited my father again. Cam came in with me this time. She wanted to see for herself the change in him. 
"Camryn Frey," Daddy said when Cam walked into the room ahead of me. 
"Jimmy Bennett," she responded coolly.
 "Hello Delia," he said addressing me. 
"Hello," I muttered. I stayed further away from his bed today. Daddy seemed more active and I was afraid to get too close. I guess old habits die hard. 
"How have you been, Camryn? What have you been doing with yourself?" Daddy asked, shifting his focus to Cam, who towered over his bed. 
"Oh, you know, Jimmy," she said airily. "A little of this, a little of that, but mostly taking care of the shell of a girl behind me." I cringed when she spoke about me like that. My father flinched and Cam went on. "I gotta tell you, Jim, it was fun to see the horror scene of scars on her body. How'd you do it this time? Your fist? Hmm, no you're more creative than that. Maybe it was your belt, or the fire poker? Oh, no wait, I forgot the tire iron was always a firm favorite of yours, wasn't it?" 
I gasped. "Cam…" I started, but she interrupted me.
 "No, Lee. He needs to hear this." Cam turned her gaze on my father. "You could have killed her," she spat. "Did you ever think about that?  But I guess that never worried you considering you killed her spirit years ago. And her name is Lee, so quit it with the Delia crap. She's not your wife and it's not her fault that she's dead. She was just an innocent baby and you laid all that blame on her. It's not Lee's fault your wife died in childbirth, and if you ever so much as look at her wrong again, I will personally rip your heart out and give you a better reason than you already have to be lying in that bed. Are we clear, Mr. Bennett?" 
Daddy paled in the bed, nodding. "I'm sorry, so sorry." 
Cam straightened her spine even further. "Now, I've spoken to your nurse and she tells me that you'll be just fine in a few days. Tomorrow morning I will be taking your daughter back to Colorado. If she chooses to visit with you before then, well, that's her choice." Cam paused and looked back at me briefly before facing my father once more. "I personally think she should leave you here to rot, but I won't argue with her if she wants to visit, but she won't be staying here," she said, flicking her ponytail off her shoulder. She gave me a tight smile and left the room. 
"I'm sorry Del… Lee." 
I looked at my father. "Goodbye Daddy. Take care of yourself."
 

****


Several hours–and several bars later–we were well on our way to being wasted. I was amazed that I had been served. I hadn't been carded once. "To closure," Cam slurred as she clinked her shot glass against mine. 
I giggled and we tipped back our drinks at the same time. I couldn't feel my fingers or toes from the alcohol and I didn't give a damn. I was feeling so liberated. I was in awe of Cam and the way she had told my father what she thought. I couldn't believe she had done that for me. I would be forever in her debt. Therefore, when she had suggested we go clubbing I had agreed. 
I had put a jean skirt, blue camisole and cowboy boots on this morning, and Cam was her usual stylish self in a tight fitting lace shirt and low hip hugging jeans, so we hadn't needed to go home and get changed before hitting the bar. Derek called Cam's cell earlier on to check in and Cam told him we were going clubbing. Needless to say, he was on the way. I could not blame the poor guy. Cam was strikingly beautiful. I'd lost count of the amount of guys that approached us tonight. 
"Whoo," Cam screamed and I giggled. "Dancing, we're dancing now." Grabbing my hand, she led me to the packed dance floor, shaking her booty to the live band's version of Luke Bryan's Country Girl. They were pretty good.
 I tried to copy her moves, but gave up quickly. I was never going to look as good as she did, so I closed my eyes and gave myself up to the music, moving my body to my own rhythm. I could feel the hot sweat trickling down my chest as I moved my body in time with the music.  
Halfway through the song, Derek showed up in front of us, miming the words of the song to Cam and she was a goner. She scampered off with him, holding up her hand to me as if to say 'five minutes.' 
I nodded happily. I was enjoying myself, blocking the past year out of my mind. For the first time, I felt young and carefree. I watched the band on stage as the lead singer finished his song and moved aside. The female singer stepped up to the microphone and belted out an acoustic version of Ellie Goulding's 'I need your love' on the guitar. She was amazing and I swayed happily, shaking out my hair. 
Two arms wrapped around my waist from behind me and I froze. My body stiffened and shook with fear. "Easy, princess," Kyle whispered into my ear. 
I slumped against him with relief as his grip tightened around my body protectively. He might be a jackass, but he was my jackass. Maybe that was the drink talking. Wait, did I say that out loud? He chuckled into my ear. Yep, I had said that aloud. "I missed you," I whispered. 
"Even though I'm a jackass?" he asked, as he pushed his body against mine. 
I pressed into him as we swayed to the music. "You're my jackass."
 There was a group of women dancing beside us, who were blatantly leering at Kyle, but I was enjoying myself too much to feel annoyed. I actually felt pretty damn good. Kyle wanted to dance with me and was ignoring their suggestive looks. I closed my eyes, savoring the moment. I was grinding my butt against him and felt his bulging hardness straining against his jeans. "Keep it up, princess. See where it gets you." 
Feeling bold, I reached up and ran my hand through his hair, pulling his face closer to mine. "Back in your bed?" I asked and kissed his jaw. 
He spun me around to face him and pulled me flush against him. "Mine is the only fucking bed you're going to be in," he growled. "You got it?" I nodded, biting my lip in anticipation. He growled deep in his throat and my panties were instantly drenched. "You're ruining me, Lee. You know that, don't you? You've fucking ruined me." 
I wasn't sure what he meant, but when he kissed me so hungrily I knew it couldn't be a bad thing. I pulled back from him, breathless. His eyes were black pools of desire. I knew what he wanted. I wanted it just as badly, more than my next breath. It should have unsettled me, how I could give myself wholly and completely to a man who a few months ago was a stranger, but it did not. I felt an invisible pull towards Kyle and time was no measure to the depth of un-quenching love I felt for him. 
"Take me home, Kyle," I said. I flushed slightly from my boldness. "I need to feel you inside me again."
His fingers dug into my waist and he smiled that adorable dimpled grin. "You feeling needy, princess?" he teased, his eyes gleaming.
 I pressed myself against him, gripping the waistband of his jeans with one hand and with the other I did something I had never done before. I cupped his manhood. I didn't know what to do with it once it was in my hand, so I squeezed gently. He thickened even more in my palm and hissed a sharp breath. "Don't make fun of me, Kyle," I whispered. "I need to feel you inside me. Right now." All traces of humor on his face evaporated. He looked at me with lust and raw, primal desire. I wrapped my arm around his neck, leaned up to his cheek and whispered, "Don't make me beg." 
Those words seemed to be his undoing. He lowered his mouth and kissed me roughly, then grabbed my hand and dragged me off the dance floor. Shuffling towards the back of the club, Kyle pushed me through an emergency door to a side ally. He looked around before slamming me against the building wall.  
I was breathless as his hands slipped under my skirt to my panties. He tugged each side and they came away in his hands. I panted, totally turned on by the move. He slipped them into his back pocket as he unbuttoned his jeans. His black shirt was fitted to his chest, emphasizing his powerful frame. He sheathed himself and then kissed me hard, biting and sucking on my lip so hard I tasted the coppery flavor of blood in my mouth. 
"You wanna get fucked, princess, you're gonna get fucked," he growled, pushing my skirt around my waist. He lifted me up. "Wrap your legs around me," he ordered. 
I did. Locking my ankles around his waist, I felt him press against my entrance and I waited for the pain. It never came. Kyle plunged himself into me and all I felt was a raw primal urge to rock against him. I wrapped my arms around his neck as he punished me with thrust after hard thrust. I whimpered, fire igniting inside me, quickening at a rapid pace. "God, you're so fucking tight," he groaned and then in a much softer tone, he asked, "Are you sore?" 
I was in a deliciously full way. "Yes, but please, Kyle, don't stop," I cried, racing to my release. 
"You're pussy was made for me, baby." My eyes rolled and my head fell back. I was so close… "Only me, princess, your pussy is mine. You got it?" he growled.
 I trembled and nodded. "Yes." He stilled and I cried out in frustration. I was on the brink and he stopped. "Kyle," I begged, bucking against him. 
 He pressed his forehead to mine, panting. "Say it, baby. Say it and I'll let you come." 
I was ready to combust. I screamed in frustration. "It's yours, Kyle. I'm all yours, my pussy, me, you own me."
 He shuddered and kissed me fiercely. "Damn straight you're mine." Rolling his hips, he thrust into me so hard I fell over the edge, crying out his name as he continued to pump me relentlessly. 
Kyle's phone rang causing him to freeze inside me. He swore loudly. Pulling out, he lowered me to the ground, pulled my skirt down and stepped away from me. 
I stood there frozen, with ice in my veins, as I watched him remove the condom and toss it away, before buttoning his jeans and answering his phone. "You have the information I need?" he asked into the phone.
I watched as he nodded, his attention completely on the person on the other side of the phone. I couldn't hear the conversation and I didn't want to. He hung up and shoved his phone back in his pocket. He gazed up at me. "I have to go. Do you need me to take you home?" 
It was obvious from his sudden change of mood that he wanted to do anything but take me home. "Yes," I said, my spine stiffening. He was not going to fuck me in a side alley and leave me there. The jerk could at least drop me home. 
"Lee, I…" he began as he moved toward me and then stopped. Running his hand through his most definitely just fucked hair, he exhaled loudly. "My truck is up here," was all he said before turning away. 
I blinked back the tears that threatened to spill. Struggling inside to maintain control of my tattered emotions, I followed slowly after him as he strode through the side ally. Until this moment I hadn't known a human heart could break in so many pieces. I kept my own pace. It was clear from his stiffened posture that he did not want me to catch up with him. 
When I caught up to him, he was leaning against his truck. I was surprised when he opened my door for me. "Thank you," I said. Refusing his outstretched hand, I attempted to get up. It wasn't easy to get into his truck on a normal day, but with slippery cowboy boots and a belly full of alcohol it was impossible. I couldn't reach the damn step. My legs were too short and my skirt was too tight. I muttered a curse and I tried to jump up instead. I grabbed the seat with my hands, but I couldn't hoist myself up. 
I must have looked a sight with my ass hanging off the seat, because I heard him laugh. I lost my grip slipped back onto the sidewalk. Kyle caught me by the waist. "Let me help you, baby," he chuckled. "Before half of Louisiana sees your girly parts." 
I'd forgotten he had  ripped my panties off. I glowered at him, cheeks burning. He picked me up by the waist and plopped me onto the seat. "Watch your fingers," he joked before closing the door. 
Ha-ha, very funny, watch my fingers like I was a freaking toddler… He was cracking jokes now? I could not keep up with the man's mood swings.  He climbed in beside me and put the keys in the ignition. He paused for so long that I snapped. "Problem?" 
He smirked over at me, that damn dimple making an appearance. I wanted to lick it. "Belt up," he said grinning. 
Bastard. 
He knew I couldn't work the damn thing. I huffed and pulled the belt around me. I tried to snap it into place, but it was one those goddamn, three point turn thingy's. "Come on, come on," I muttered, pulling and tugging at the belt, willing it to fasten. "Oh, I bet you think this is hilarious, don't you?" I snapped, dropping my hands to my sides in defeat. 
Grinning, he leaned across me. His hand brushed against my breast as he fastened me up. I sucked in a sharp breath. His hand paused on my heavy aching breast. He stared at me, leaned his face to mine. Pressing his lips to my jaw, he inhaled deeply. I twisted my face to meet his, but he pulled back. "All set." His voice was raspy as he turned the key and the truck roared to life. 
He pulled off and I curled up as far away from him as possible.



****
 


The drive back to my house was too long and too short. When we pulled into my yard, Kyle kept the engine running. 
"You're not coming inside," I said flatly. It was more of a statement than a question.
 "No, I have something I need to do," was all he said. 
"I bet you do," I muttered, anger boiling inside me. I couldn't open the damn belt again. "Shit," I hissed, frustrated. He leaned over and unclipped me. He opened his door and I wanted to scratch his eyes out. "Don't," I warned him. "Don't bother. I don't know what I have ever done to you to make you want to torture me like this, but I can't take it anymore."
 He threw his head back against the headrest and sighed. "Lee, you don't understand…" 
"You're right, Kyle, I don't understand. I thought we were friends," I shouted. "But friends don't treat each other the way you treat me, and friends don't fuck." I paused for a moment, taking in his scrunched up face. He closed his eyes. "That's it, Kyle, close your eyes and pretend I don't exist. You're getting really good at it." 
I opened the door and half-shimmied/half fell out. I stormed towards the house, not looking back. I heard his truck rev up and pull away. 
I reached the porch steps and collapsed, my body raking with tears. I couldn't move my body, it was shutting down–or maybe that was my heart. I stayed right there on the steps. The cold was seeping through my bones, but I didn't care. 
I was broken. 


****


Chapter 19
 

Kyle


When I pulled the truck out of the yard my pulse was racing. My emotions were raging a war inside of me. My fucking heart was screaming at me to go back and get her, do whatever I had to do to fix this, because I swear to god when I saw Lee lying on the porch steps, so tiny and fragile, I'd feared I had broken her–worse than her bastard of a father. 
However, the other emotion twisting inside of me was more forceful. It was the one that had been swelling inside me since Lee's confession and now compelling me to drive until I was at the bar we'd been in earlier. The phone call I'd gotten from Cam back in the ally confirmed that he was here. It was shit timing, but I had to find him.
"Perry Franklin?" I asked, approaching a group of three guys leaning by the bar–his fucking henchmen no doubt. 
"What's it to ya, preppy?" the broad one said, eyeing me up and down. I had on jeans and a black button up shirt, but I guess I did look well groomed compared to his dirty wife beater and denim shirt. He was the tallest of the three and I had a good two inches on him. 
I knew him. 
He was the guy in the picture Cam had sent to my phone. 
This was him. 
Perry stepped right up to my chest and I smiled at him, wanting him to goad me. I needed this. I was going to rip his fucking head off. I could see Derek approach us from the corner of my eye, but I shook my head. This bastard was all mine. 
"I said what's it to ya, pretty boy?" he growled, pushing me back with his meaty hands. I laughed once before my fist connected with his face. There was a sickening crunch as blood sprayed from his nose. He staggered back and I wasted no time. 
I crushed him, knocking him to the ground, punching him repeatedly in the face. "That's for touching my girl, you fucking sorry excuse for a man." 
A pair of arms held me back long enough for Perry to get a sucker punch in. I spat out the blood that was pooling around in my mouth. He covered his nose with his hand. "Are you fucking crazy? What are you taking about?" 
I broke free from his friend's grip and lunged for his throat. "Lee Bennett? Ring any bells, you fucking serpent?"
Perry's face paled and his eyes widened for an instant before twisting into a sneer. "That bitch is crazy. You're welcome to her. She sure tastes good, doesn't she?"
"You're a fucking dead man," I threatened as I rushed him, but his fucking friends' grabbed me and it was my turn to take an ass kicking. They held me down as Perry returned the favor. I struggled to break free, but the bastards' had me trapped with my arms behind my back. His fist cuffed me in the cheek and my neck snapped back. 
"Oh hell, fucking no," I heard Derek shout, as he dragged Perry's goons off me. 
All hell broke loose and there was a lot of screaming and kicking and punching, before a tap of beer sprayed all over us. I looked up and saw Cam standing on the bar, holding the beer tap in her hands. "Stop, Kyle," she shouted. "Think about Lee. He's not worth going to jail for." 
I took a sharp breath and looked down at Perry, who was lying on the ground beneath me. His eye was swollen shut and blood was trickling from his mouth, but he was conscious, which was a lot more than he deserved. "I'm gonna take you down for this," I hissed in his ear before staggering to my feet. "This isn't over." The bouncer rushed towards me with a bat and I held up my hand. "We're going." 
Derek helped Cam down from the bar and we walked towards the door. 
I kept my back to the door, watching Perry and his henchmen every step of the way. "You know, you really should be more selective with who you serve in here," I said when we reached the door. "Rapists are bad for business." I pointed at Perry's stunned face and walked out. 


****


I drove back towards Lee's house, convincing myself that it had been an hour since I left and she was bound to have gone inside, but when I pulled up outside her house she was exactly where I left her. I slammed the steering wheel with my palms. Fuck, this has gone beyond complicated. 
My legs carried me towards her, but I was shitless. I didn't know what to do. When I heard her sobbing the closer I got, I darted forward, pulling her into my arms. I didn't think about it, I just held her. "Shh, baby, don't cry." I would have given a kidney to stop the pain for her. I knew how she felt. I was feeling it too. It shredded me to know that I was the cause. I was destroying this amazing girl piece by piece.
 She clung to me like a child and I held her tighter. Her eyes were clenched shut. She couldn't look at me either. "I can't help it, Kyle, you're hurting me so bad," Lee said, and I swear that was a new low point in my life. 
"I don't want to hurt you, baby," I whispered, hoping she'd believe me. "But that's what I do. I fuck things up. I'm not good for you, Lee, I'm destroying you." I needed her to walk away from me while I could still let her go, but she held onto me even tighter, her frail fingers clasping my shirt. 
"I love you," she whispered. Her eyes met mine and my heart fucking leapt out of my chest. "I'm so in love with you. Please, please don't leave me again," she repeated.
 I was drowning in an overwhelming cocktail of emotion. My heart was bouncing between utter possessiveness and sheer adoration for her. Fuck staying away from her, I couldn't do it anymore. I wanted so bad not to let her down again. I wanted to deserve her love.
 I stood up with my newfound resolve and carried her inside. "Shh, baby, I'm here. I'm not leaving anymore." 
I wasn't. 
I couldn't. 
I carried her upstairs her to her room. There was no fucking way I was leaving her tonight. I sat her on the bed and undressed her and then undressed myself. Tonight there would be no more barriers. Lee had blown them clean out of the water anyway. I pulled back the covers and laid her into bed, then climbed in beside her and drew her into me. I felt her body relax against mine. 
And then I did something with Lee that I had never done with anyone before. 
I made love.


****


Lee


I knew I was asleep but on the cusp of waking up. The wonderful dream I was having pulled further away from my reach as I was dragged into consciousness. Sunlight poured into the room and I tried to twist myself up, but couldn't move. I was trapped underneath no less than six feet two inches of man and muscle. Kyle's face was tucked into the crook of my neck, his arm and leg thrown over my chest and legs. 
He was naked. 
I wiggled out from underneath him and turned on my side. I was also very much naked. Kyle grunted softly in his sleep. His hand snaked around my waist, pulling my back up against him, his face nuzzled into my neck. He mumbled something incoherent and shifted closer. He curled against me, fast asleep, his penis pressed against my butt. He was aroused. He was rock hard. I couldn't keep my mind in the present as the memory of last night flooded into me. 
He had come back. I had truly thought it was over, but Kyle had come back for me and taken me to my room. My toes curled when I remembered his gentle touch as he undressed me and took me in his arms, kissing away every one of my doubts, touching me as if I was made of glass. He had been different last night. He had been with me, really, truly, completely with me. He didn't fuck me. Last night he made love to me. He'd taken precautions and I had been amazed to watch him slide on a condom with such ease. I had been so overwhelmed with my feelings for him, overflowing as I responded to kisses. Touching him in a way I would normally be too shy to. Last night there had been nothing separating us and everything pulling us together. 
My heart skipped and I tucked into Kyle's embrace, wanting to feel as close to him as I was my own skin, but still those pesky doubts gnawed away at me until I was questioning everything. 
What if he was back to the old Kyle today?  
What if he ignored me again, until I left the room? 
What if last night was a one off and it didn't mean as much to him as it had to me? 
Oh god, talking about dousing the fire, I was cold to the bone now. I pulled away from him again. 
"You keep running away from me." His voice was gruff as he clamped a strong hand down on my hip. 
"I'm sorry," I muttered, unsure as to what to say. 
He pulled himself up on one elbow and lowered me onto my back with the other. I went easily. "Are you sorry?" he asked, stroking my cheek with his thumb as he looked down at me. "About last night, I mean…Do you regret it?" 
I stared up at his face and gasped. "What happened to your face?" I touched his cut lip with my fingers. He also had a cut over his left eye and a bruise on his cheek. 
He shook his head and smiled. "I told you, I had something to do last night." 
I pulled myself up on my elbows. "Something that involved you getting beaten up?" 
He grinned, his dimple stretching the skin under the bruise. "You should see the other guy," he chuckled, skimming his thumb across my cheek. Even all battered up, I'd never seen anything so perfect or beautiful in my life. God, I was so in love with him. "Do you regret last night?" he asked again, this time there was a nervous tone to his voice and vulnerability in his eyes. 
I reached up and smoothed his worried brow. I shook my head. "Do you?" I whispered, needing to hear his answer. 
He smiled down at me, stroking my cheek. He leaned down and kissed me softly. "I could never regret you, princess. I wish you could see yourself through my eyes," he sighed contently. "I've never seen or felt anything so fucking close to perfect as you."
 I studied him. His eyes were full of truth and my breath caught in my throat. Closing my eyes, I exhaled deeply. "Please don't ignore me again, Kyle. That's all I'm ever going to ask from you. Just…just don't ignore me." 
He shuddered and closed his eyes. He pulled me close to him and whispered into my ear, "I won't leave you again, baby."



****


"Do you want to see him before we leave?" Cam was piling our bags into the trunk of her ford focus. 
"I don't think so. I mean, I know he's alive and going to be okay. I am glad for him, but that's all I can feel for him right now." 
Cam smiled. "Good, I'm happy for you, babe." She gave me a one armed hug and I melted into her side. "Uh oh, lover boy is coming," she said and pointed towards Kyle. 
I'd told Cam about last night, not every detail, but the important part that Kyle and I had made up. She took it well, much better than I had anticipated, considering all the warnings she had given me. I had a feeling she knew how Kyle got those cuts and bruises because Derek was sporting a black eye. "Are you going to tell me what the boys did last night to get those bruises?" I asked for the third time this morning. 
Cam shrugged nonchalantly. "I have no idea what you're talking about." Oh, she knew all right, but the way she kept denying it made me think that I'd be better off not knowing. I decided to let it go.
 "Are we really bringing the flea bag with us?" Kyle asked as he approached us with a grumpy looking Bruno on a leash. I had to laugh at the nervous look on Kyle's face. 
"Yes," Cam and I said together.
 "Well, he can ride with you and Derek," Kyle said, handing the leash to Cam. "He keeps giving me this evil dog stare. It's freaking me out." 
Cam took Bruno's leash and opened the car door for him. "He can smell your fear," Cam chuckled as Bruno jumped in. She closed the door. "And he's sizing you up to see if you're good enough for his girl."  
Kyle grabbed me and tossed me over his shoulder, causing me to yelp in surprise. "Yeah, well do you see that, dog? She's my girl now," he laughed, slapping my ass. Bruno started barking and pawing at the window. 
"Ooh, you're so brave when he's locked inside the car," Cam choked out through fits of laughter. "Let's see how brave you are when I let him out."  She motioned towards the door handle and Kyle placed me back down, holding his hands out in front of him. 
"Let's not do anything hasty," he said, edging closer to his truck. My stomach was churning from Kyle throwing me over his shoulder. "You coming, princess?" he called, opening the passenger door for me.
 I covered my mouth with my hand and held two fingers up before making a sprint for the house. I made it to the bathroom just in time to empty the contents of my stomach. I knew drinking was a bad idea. I should have learned my lesson the last few times. 
"Whoa, hard night, Lee?" Derek asked as he walked past the open door laughing. 
I got up and cleaned myself up. 
This was going to be a long drive home. 


****


Kyle


"Are you okay, princess?"  Lee's face was white as a ghost when she came out of the house. 
She smiled weakly as I lifted her into the passenger seat of my truck. "I drank too much last night. I'll be fine in a little while," she said quietly. 
I couldn't argue with that. Cam had fed her too many shots. I shut her door, ran around and hopped into the driver's seat. Lee's pale tired face made my heart constrict. "You'll tell me if you're feeling sick again, right?" 
She nodded and lay her head back.
I pulled away from her old house, fucking thrilled at the thought of taking her home to Boulder as mine. 
Everything else could wait because right now I wanted to focus on the amazing girl beside me.


****


Chapter 20

Lee


The next few weeks were like my own little slice of heaven. I ate, drank and slept Kyle Carter. He was filling up the largest contours of my heart. Kyle had stayed true to his word. He hadn't ignored me, not once since that night at my father's house. Instead, he lavished me with attention and I loved every second of it. 
I wasn't sure what we were exactly. We never titled our relationship, but I knew he had no other women. He spent all his free time with me. He always touched me when we were alone together, held my hand or made some intimate gesture. 
 "I'm making sure any horny little shits who think about looking twice at you know you're mine," is what he'd told me the other night when I asked him why he branded my neck with a love bite. He didn't need to do any of that, because god knows I was his. Heart and soul. Every slither of me was irrevocably his.
Kyle didn't touch me in front of anybody besides Derek and Cam and it stung a little, but he was coming around slowly. I just had to have patience and have a little faith in him. He came into the restaurant every time I had a shift–minus the dates now. Now he came with Derek or by himself. My heart contracted in my chest every time I saw him in in my section. 
Mike had backed off quite a bit since I came back from Louisiana. He didn't eat lunch with me anymore or ask me out again. Of course, I didn't tell Kyle about Mike hitting on me. I didn't want anything to burst the bubble we were in. They truly disliked one another and I had yet to discover the reason. 
Bruno was even beginning to warm to him and was happy every time Kyle took him out for a walk. I guessed Kyle was trying to win my old dog's affection, especially since he bought Bruno his very own doggy bed and allowed him to sleep in the kitchen. Kyle was so blindingly beautiful. I had a hard time focusing on work when he was there. Truth be told, I was having a hard time focusing on anything besides Kyle.
 "There you are," a familiar, deep voice whispered in my ear. I shivered as two strong arms came around my waist and pulled me against a warm muscled chest. 
The cleaning rag and can of polish I was holding fell from my hands. "Why aren't you at college? I thought you had classes today?" I admonished gently as Kyle nipped at my neck with his teeth. "I'm trying to work." It was a feeble argument, one I would lose. 
"Just one class," he murmured. "And you can't expect me to able to concentrate in class when I know you're in my office, looking like that." I moaned as his hands moved up to cup my breasts. "Baby, you're so distracting, I think I need to change your job description." 
I lay my head back against his chest, panting. "Oh, and what would my new job entail?"
 Kyle growled and squeezed my breasts hard. I felt heat pooling inside me as Kyle's erection dug into my back. "Would you be opposed to being tied up naked in my bed all day?" he suggested.
Turning me to face him, he claimed my mouth with a heart-searing kiss. "I'm pretty sure that goes against company policy. There are rules about that kind of thing," I whispered, running my fingers through his silky hair. 
"Oh, yeah?" he said huskily, tugging at the skirt of my housekeeping uniform until I was exposed from the waist down. "I'm fairly certain that what I'm about to do to you blows those rules out the window." He turned me around again and ran his hand down my spine, cupping my butt cheek. "Bend over, princess." 
I obliged, placing my hands on his office desk–I was supposed to be polishing. I felt his hands tug at my panties. A moment later they fell to the ground. I trembled with anticipation as his cock rubbed against my wetness. "Do you want this, baby?" he asked and I knew why he was asking me. 
Kyle knew all of my dark secrets and he wanted my approval. "Yes. Oh yes," I muttered. "Don't ask me. I'm yours. Take me whenever and wherever you want." I heard the foil wrapper tearing, before he gripped my waist and plunged into me. I cried out at the feel of him filling me, stretching me to the core. "You feel so good," I whimpered as I pushed my ass against him. "I love you so much."
 His pace slowed as he leaned over me. "You're mine, Lee. I am always going to want you. That's never gonna change, baby," he vowed. 
I turned my head and accepted his lush wet kiss. 
He didn't say he loved me, but would always want me… 
I focused on those words as the swell of pleasure building inside me boiled over.
 

****


Kyle


"Mr. Carter, how good of you to grace us with your presence today." Mr. Peterson, my econ professor, blocked the door of the classroom. "Can I be assured that you will be in full attendance next semester?" For a short man he had an intimidating aura. 
"Sorry, Larry," I muttered, shifting my notebook bag to my other shoulder. "I've had a lot going on lately." Like my sexy roommate who I couldn't keep my hands off. 
As fond as Larry Peterson was of me, I didn't think he would take too kindly to me skiving off class to make out with my girl. Then again, if he saw Lee I reckoned he might understand. 
"I understand you're under a lot more pressure than my other students," he said in a kinder voice. "But you graduate in June and then your business can have your entire attention. However, you have six more months and I'd hate to see you lose your focus on the final hurdle. You've worked too hard for this. Don't blow it." 
I nodded curtly and he stepped aside. I stalked out of the classroom feeling hard done by. I had straight A's in his class–and all my other classes. It was fucking petty to badger me about missing a couple of classes. My grades hadn't even slipped.
 I made my way across the campus quad to the entrance of the student café. Cam waved from the table inside the window. Good, she was early for a change. I met Cam and Derek for coffee during class breaks most days, which was less this year because I only had eight hours' worth of classes a week. "Hey," I said, slumping down in the chair across from her. 
 "Hello to you, too, sunshine. Dare I ask who's put you in such a good mood?" 
I dropped my notebook bag on the chair beside me and leaned my elbows on the table. "Professor Peterson," I growled. "Thinks he knows fucking everything as usual."  
Cam raised her brow as she swallowed a sip of her latte. "Really, I thought he liked you?" she said, wiping foamy milk from her top lip. 
"He does, that's the problem. He's all up in my shit because I missed a few of his classes." The brunette waitress, with the huge rack, placed a steaming cup of black coffee in front of me. "Thanks Lauren," I said, reading her name tag. I slipped a twenty out of my pocket and handed it to her. 
"No problem. I know how you like it." She twirled her hair around her finger and smiled down at me. 
"Uh, keep the change?" I told her, feeling a little uncomfortable from the way she was staring at me. 
"Oh, thanks, you were always big with your tips." 
I edged further away from her. "Okay..." I raised a brow to Cam for help. She scoffed and shook her head with that 'you're on your own buddy' expression. 
"So, my shift finishes in five minutes and my place is just off campus. You remember where…" 
Oh, so that was what the sexual innuendos were about. I had forgotten. "Sorry, not interested, Lauren." I was getting tired of girls throwing themselves at me. I wished I could have Lee here with me so they'd back the fuck off, but as much as I wanted her here, the need to protect her from Rachel and all my bullshit outweighed that want. 
Lauren pouted and put her hands on her hips. Jesus Christ, take the hint. "I'm sure I can get you interested. You sure were interested last time." I mentally scolded myself for sleeping with the girl, but in my defense, I'd been a horny freshmen and she'd been an easy fuck. I was a different person now. 
Cam cleared her throat. "Um, sweetie? Maybe you could go and interest yourself in a book? Preferable one that explains body language, so next time you can read the signs when a man isn't interested." 
I doubled up with laughter as Lauren marched off. "That was brilliant, Cam. Her face was priceless."
 Cam smiled, checking her nails. "What can I say, I'm amazing." 
The café door opened and Derek strolled in. "Hey," he said, chirpier than I had. He kissed Cam on the head before sliding into the chair alongside her. "Oh, thank Jesus we're finishing for the holidays today," he said, beckoning a waitress with his hand. Thankfully, a different one came to take his coffee order. "If I have to sit through another one of Professor Garethy's lectures on maternal fucking monkeys, I swear I'll stab myself in the eyes with this spoon." He gestured towards to spoon on the table.
 "That kind of defeats the purpose considering you'd be blind, not deaf?" I said. I couldn't figure out why Derek was taking philosophy. He was the least philosophical person I knew–if you didn't count his theories on the wonderful world of the vagina. 'Live by the vagina, die by the vagina.' 
 Derek huffed as he shrugged off his coat. "You obviously haven't seen Professor Garethy. Trust me, I'd be doing my eyes a kind mercy." He shuddered dramatically. 
"Oh, poor baby. Let's go home and I'll show you something that will make you reconsider blinding yourself," Cam suggested and I gagged. 
"I might need something for my mouth, too," Derek said eagerly before sticking his tongue down her throat.


****

Lee


Christmas was my favorite time of year. 
Even as a child, although Santa didn't bring me presents and I didn't get turkey, I still loved the holiday. I used to love listening to the Christmas songs on the radio, and the other children in my class talking about what toys they were getting from Santa, or how their moms would bake apple pies and cinnamon rolls. 
My favorite Christmas was when I was seven. My father's appendix had burst on Christmas Eve and he was rushed to the hospital. He'd left me with Cam's parents–much to my delight. I loved their house. It was always so clean and smelled so nice and I got my first Christmas present that year. A Malibu Barbie. I remembered Mrs. Frey telling me that Santa knew I was sleeping at their house and had left my present there. I also remembered the sad look on her face when I had asked her if Santa knew how to find my daddy's house because I had never gotten a present before. She had cried and I'd thought I was in big trouble for making her cry, but Mrs. Frey had hugged me instead of hitting me. 
It was the best Christmas.
 "Since you're the youngest, you should do the honors," Kyle said, bringing me back to the present. Cam and Derek were out and we decided to decorate the tree. Kyle pressed the angel ornament into my hands. 
"I don't know if you've noticed," I said, pointing to the tree. "But that's a seven foot Christmas tree, and I'm about two feet too short." 
He snorted. "That's easily solved, short-ass." I squealed in surprise as Kyle lifted me up. I placed the angel on the top of the tree. "Make sure it's on straight, baby." 
I checked. "It is." 
Kyle set me down and we stepped back to admire our work. The tree looked quite tragic. Mismatched baubles were scattered on the branches, with every different color of tinsel. The lights were a hideous blue. 
I burst out laughing at the sight. "I guess we won't win any awards for decorating." 
Kyle wrapped his arms around me. "I don't care. It's the first Christmas I've wanted to celebrate in years…ever actually. I'm proud of our shitty tree." 
I smiled when he said our tree. "This is my first Christmas having a tree to decorate. Daddy never got one for the house." Kyle's face darkened and I regretted saying anything. He clenched his fists and shook his head. "I'm sorry," I said and went to clear away the empty decoration boxes. 
"Why are you sorry?" he asked, following me into the kitchen. 
I squashed the boxes and placed them in the recycling bin. "For bringing up my father. For making you angry." 
He strode over and wrapped his arms around me. "I'm not angry with you, baby," he kissed my forehead. "I'm fucking furious with him. When you tell me you've never been trick or treating or had a Christmas tree, it makes me want to get in my truck, drive to Montgomery and kick his ass."  
I could feel Kyle's hands trembling and I knew he was serious. "You've fixed those things for me," I whispered, kissing the skin that covered his heart. "You've given me a whole lot of firsts." 
He rubbed my cheek with his thumb. Leaning down, he studied my face with a serious expression. "I want to give you all your firsts. Lee, I want to fix everything for you." He kissed me softly. "I want to give you everything you've never had, princess. Everything you want." 
I smiled and patted his chest. "Then you've already given me everything because all I want is you." 
The doorbell rang and I brushed past Kyle to answer it. We'd ordered pizza and I wanted to pay this time. It made me uncomfortable when Kyle insisted on paying for everything. I figured he was used to doing that with Rachel. Well, I was nothing like her. 
"That will be twenty-two even," the delivery guy said. "So, are you new to the area? Because I know I would remember a pretty face like yours." 
I blushed at his forwardness. "Um, no, I live here." I suddenly felt very exposed in Kyle's white shirt. Dammit, I should have thrown on some pants before opening the door. Kyle had taken me in kitchen before we started decorating and I'd thrown his shirt on rather than go upstairs and get dressed. 
"Really?" he asked in surprise. He leaned closer to the door. "I'm sure that accent isn't from around here?" 
I shifted awkwardly from foot to foot. "No, I'm from Louisiana." 
 The delivery guy smiled. "I'm Jessie. And you are?" 
A firm hand clenched around my waist. "And she's mine," Kyle said coolly, holding out a fifty dollar bill. He pulled me against his side and I couldn't hide the smile that spread across my face from his possessiveness. I guessed we looked a sight, Kyle in his black slacks and me in his shirt. The delivery guy's eyes widened, his cheeks pinked as he mumbled something about being in a rush. He grabbed the money and thrust our pizza into Kyle's hand. "Keep the change," Kyle said, closing the door and giving me an exasperated look. 
"What?" I asked, taking the pizza box from his hand. I went and curled up in my usual spot on the couch. 
"What?" Kyle shook his head and groaned. "Baby, you can't go answering the door looking like that." 
I shrugged, swallowing a mouth-watering bite. I lifted my legs for Kyle to sit down and then lowered them onto his lap. "It's just a shirt, Kyle." 
Kyle groaned, squeezing my calves. "Exactly. It's just a shirt. Just a very white–very see through–shirt." 
Now I was the one groaning. "I forgot I was wearing it, okay? I was rushing to beat you to the door because I wanted to pay this time and forgot what I was wearing."
 Kyle grabbed the pizza box from my lap and tossed it on the coffee table. Slipping his hands around my waist, he pulled me onto his lap so I was straddling him. "Firstly, as sweet as I think it is that you want to pay, you're my woman, so you won't be paying for our food. Or anything else." I opened my mouth to protest, but he silenced me with a kiss. My head was swimming when he pulled back. "And secondly, the only person who's going to see those big juicy titties of yours, is me." He lowered his head, nipping my nipple through my shirt. I panted, instantly wet. "No more answering the door in my shirt." 
Kyle continued his onslaught of my breasts until I was writhing on top of him, begging him to take me. 


****


Chapter 21

Kyle


I couldn't face going home. Looking into Lee's trusting eyes would break me. I needed a plan. I paced the floor of my office. 
Rachel would be back tomorrow. I had no doubt about it. It would be two years tomorrow and that bitch never missed a chance to remind me. I had called her from Louisiana and packed her and her friends off on an all-expense paid trip to Paris. I'd needed her out of my hair and she'd been badgering me for months about going. It seemed to be the perfect plan. 
Except now she was coming back, and my perfect plan didn't seem so fucking perfect anymore. 
I had two choices. 
Tell Lee everything and risk her hating me forever, or make another deal with the devil herself. The risk of losing Lee was too fucking painful to even contemplate. Bargaining with Rachel was my only option. I needed out because I sure as hell couldn't live my life like this anymore.  
There was a brief knock on my door before it opened. "What's troubling you, Kyle? I can hear you banging around from the lobby." I closed my eyes as Linda approached me. "Go sit down and tell me what's going on," she urged, patting my shoulder. "Whatever it is, I'll fix it." 
I smiled sadly at her kind face. That was Linda all over–jumping in to fight my battles. 
I went and sat in my chair. She leaned against the desk and waited. Where did I start? 
"The night grandpa died, I killed someone."


**** 


 I expected Linda to scream. Hit me, shout at me, hell, even flinch. I was not expecting her to laugh. "I'm serious, Linda. I killed someone. It was an accident, but it doesn't change the fact that it happened. The blood is on my hands." 
Linda sobered. "Okay, why don't you start at the beginning and we'll take it from there." 
I took a deep breath and told Linda everything. 
I bared my fucking soul to the woman, warts and all. 
"So this is the reason you tolerate her?" Linda asked when I finished. 
I nodded. "What else can I do? I was the one driving the car that night. I caused her injuries. It's my fault and I've got a responsibility to the girl." 
Linda walked over to the mini bar and poured two glasses of whiskey. "I don't know, kiddo," she said, handing me a glass. "Something doesn't add up." 
I groaned, dragging my hand through my hair. I'd been through it constantly for the past two years. "If I had a way out, I would have found it by now." I tossed my drink back, went to the mini bar and poured another. 
"Bring that bottle over here kiddo, I'm gonna need it." I passed Linda the bottle and sat back down. I could see the wheels turning in her head as she silently assessed the situation. "Go through it once more," she said and I groaned. "Just humor me, Kyle."
I'd come back from my grandfather's will reading, I'd just found out he'd left me everything. I hadn't fucking wanted a dime. My father had gone berserk, threatening me with lawsuits and what not, but I hadn't given two shits about how he felt. I'd been the one holding my grandfather's hand as the life seeped out of him. I'd been there alone. My father hadn't shown up, nor had my brother. He'd been too fucking busy… 
"I came back from the will reading; she was with him." It still fucking hurt to think about it. Not the fact that Rachel cheated on me, but that Mike had fucked me over. I had actually gotten along with him up until then. "We had a fight." I had found my brother and my girlfriend in my grandfather's house, fucking like rabbits in the kitchen. He'd sprouted a bunch of bullshit about how I'd screwed him over with Rachel and stolen his inheritance. I had to leave that night or I would have killed him. "I got in the car." Rachel had chased after me. She'd jumped into the passenger side. I'd told her to get out, but she wouldn't..."She didn't have her seatbelt on." I'd been so fucking angry. I hadn't been concentrating on the road, going too fast... "I didn't see the red light. I crashed the car and she lost the baby."   


****

Lee


 "So, I was thinking we could throw a party tomorrow night? What do you guys think?" Cam asked as we all sat at the table having dinner–minus Kyle. He had to work late for the third night in a row.
 "Cool, babe, whatever. Think you can swing it before tomorrow night?" Derek asked between mouthfuls of lasagna. 
Cam smiled sweetly at him and patted his head. "Derek, please. I am the queen of party planning." She then turned to me. "What do you think, Lee?" she asked before taking a swig of beer from her bottle. 
I still wasn't comfortable with the crowds and parties, but I didn't want to be a buzz killer. "Sure, I don't mind." I swallowed a mouthful of lasagna. Mmm, Derek was an unbelievable cook. I gobbled another forkful. Delicious. I was still feeling off and this was the first bite I had managed in days…
 "Well, I mind," Kyle said, as he marched into the kitchen. His face was like thunder and he was scowling at Cam. Jesus, what was wrong now?
 "What?" Cam glowered back at him. "We throw parties here all the time, Kyle. What's the big deal?" 
His eyes narrowed and he hissed a sharp breath. Rummaging in the cupboard, he pulled out a bottle of whiskey. He poured himself a large glass, swallowing it quickly. "The problem, Camryn, is that maybe I don't want a fucking party in my house tomorrow night." He refilled his glass and guzzled another shot. 
"Isn't it a little early for Jack to make an appearance, man?" Derek suggested calmly, clearing his plate from the table. 
"Keep your nose out of my fucking business, Derek," Kyle snarled. 
I stood up and took my plate to the sink. I had also lost my appetite. 
"Oh please," Cam, snorted. "We haven't had a party here in weeks. It's happening, so take your foot out of your ass and get with the program, Carter." Kyle glared at Cam, but said nothing. 
She stormed out of the kitchen. Derek followed her, muttering something to himself. He patted me on the shoulder as he left as if to say 'he's all yours.' 
I was contemplating jumping into the sink and seeing if the drain could suck me down. I didn't know how to handle Kyle when he was in this mood. I carried on washing the dishes, not really knowing what else to do. My insides were swirling and I wasn't sure if it was nerves or the food. "I don't want you at any damn party," Kyle growled from across the kitchen. He wanted me to disagree with him I realized. He wanted an argument. 
I was too tired to play games. "Okay," I said calmly. Picking up the dishtowel, I began to dry the plates. 
"Okay?" he asked. "That's it? You're not going to fight with me on this?" 
Was there any point? 
He didn't want me around his friends. A blind man could see that. "No, I'm not going to argue," I said. "You don't want me there. You obviously have your reasons."
 I heard him sigh and cross the kitchen. His arms wrapped around my waist and my stomach churned. 
Yep, it was definitely the lasagna. "Yeah, I do, but it's not what you think," he whispered, kissing my temple. Kyle had his reasons and they made me feel about neigh high. "I'm gonna make this all right," he slurred. "I'll be free soon, baby." 
What the heck was he talking about? 
I continued tidying the kitchen in numb, calculated moves. I was trying so damn hard not to vomit. He kissed my neck. "You want some help, princess?"
I shuddered as a sharp pain shot through my side. I bit my lip to hold in my scream and shook my head. The cramps were getting worse. 
He stared at me for a moment then nodded. "I'm gonna go take a shower." Kyle walked to the kitchen door and looked back. He shook his head and left. 
He was at the top of the stairs when I made a dive for the downstairs bathroom. I made it just in time to throw up the contents of my stomach. Uh, I was never eating lasagna again.


****

Chapter 22

Kyle


Music was pumping from the stereo in my sitting room. Dozens of people were crammed inside my small house. 
Fuck. 
I downed what had to be my twelfth beer. I figured I deserved to get shit faced. I had a bad feeling about tonight. I could feel it in my guts. Shit was going to go down tonight. The date was enough to make my skin crawl. December twenty-third. Two years to the day since the accident…I grabbed a bottle of whiskey and chugged straight from the bottle. I didn't want this fucking party. 
I would have preferred to be upstairs with Lee. My only consolation was that she had listened to me and stayed up in her room. I had told her to lock her door and stay inside. She had agreed too easily and that made me slightly suspicious, but then again, maybe it was because she wasn't over that damn stomach flu. Shit, she said she was feeling unwell earlier, but I couldn't' stay with her. I couldn't risk Rachel talking to her before I did. My stomach twisted thinking of how I'd left her curled up in her bed. She had been deathly pale. She hadn't wanted me to leave her. She'd begged me to stay with her. If she wasn't feeling better by tomorrow, I was going to take her to be checked out.
 Looking around at some of the assholes here was one of the main reasons I did not want Lee down here. However, my biggest reason for hiding Lee away was walking towards me, flicking her red hair back. 


****

Lee


I thought I might be dying. 
My stomach was in spasm all day. I could barely handle the pain. I was feeling terrible and I needed to use the bathroom again. I dragged myself out of bed. Whoa, dizziness engulfed me and I had to grip the bed frame to stay upright. 
Something was definitely wrong. I was actually getting scared. I didn't think it was the bug anymore. From the sharp pain I had in my side and the nausea, I was beginning to suspect my appendix. My father's had burst years ago and I remembered him going through the exact same symptoms. I needed to use the toilet first and then I needed to see a doctor.
 I tried to straighten up, but the pain was excruciating. I dropped to my knees and crawled out of my bedroom towards the bathroom.  By the time I reached the toilet bowl, I was retching. Since I had nothing solid in my stomach for days, the only thing coming up was green bile. 
I whimpered as sharp pain darted through my pelvis. "Kyle." I tried to scream, but my voice came out more like a strangled whisper. "Kyle," I screamed louder, panic building. "Please, someone, help me." 
I felt something wet gush against my thighs. 
Reaching down, I touched my crotch. 
Bright red blood covered my fingers. 
The blood on my hand was the last thing I saw before the darkness swallowed me.


****

Kyle


 "Rachel," I nodded curtly as she approached me. 
"Kyle," she smiled up at me, slipping on that sexy face. I knew that look well. "So where's your little roomie? I didn't see her here tonight. Don't tell me you got sick of her already?"
 I tensed, but managed to keep my face void of emotion. I had a plan and I needed to stick to it. The dirt Linda had dug up was like a winning lottery ticket. "We need to talk," I said coolly.
She stepped closer, pressing her body against mine. I shuffled backwards, but she moved closer again. Fuck, she had me pinned against the wall. She ran a finger from my stomach to chest and rested her hand over my heart. Shit. 
"Rachel," I cleared my throat. "We need to talk." 
She smiled darkly and leaned towards me. "You remember the date, don't you?" 
I nodded. 
How the fuck could I forget? 
"Kyle?" I heard some guy call my name from the hallway. "There's some chick in the upstairs bathroom calling out for you. Sounds important." My heart dropped into my stomach. 
Shit, Lee... 
I went to move, but Rachel pulled me back. "Why don't I go upstairs and have a little chat with Lee? I'm sure she would love to hear what I have to tell her." 
I froze. This was exactly what I was trying to avoid. Derek, who was standing nearby, glared at Rachel and then looked at me with the most disappointed expression I had ever seen on his face. 
Well, fuck him. This was hard enough without being judged. He made his way towards the staircase. He was probably going to check on Lee. I knew what I had to do and if I didn't go with Rachel now and get it over with, the repercussions would rip Lee's heart out.  I had to do this dammit. 
"You ready to get out of here?" Rachel asked as she squeezed my hand. 
I nodded and walked to the front door. "Yeah, let's get out of here before I change my mind."
 

****

Lee


In the darkness, I could hear banging and then Derek's voice above the screaming. 
"Lee…Jesus Christ, Lee." 
He sounded terrified. 
I felt him pull me into his arms, but I could not move a muscle. 
Kyle. Where was Kyle? 
"Someone call a fucking ambulance," Derek roared.
Moments later I heard Cam sobbing. "Yeah, I need an ambulance. I don't know what's wrong with her," I heard her say. "She's covered in blood and vomit. Jesus Christ, hurry."  
Derek's voice was close to my ear, calming me. "You're gonna be fine Lee. You're gonna be just fine, sweetheart, keep breathing, There's an ambulance on the way for you…just hold on, Lee."


****

Kyle


"I want out, Rachel." There, I'd finally said it. I felt the manacles around my wrists loosening already. I stood up and paced around her lounge. I couldn't sit still. I was too fucking excited. 
"Out of what, Kyle?" she hissed. "You want out of your responsibilities?" I watched from the corner of my eye as she threw her wine glass. I ducked just in time. It sailed passed my head, shattering against the cream wall of her apartment. 
"You know what happened," I said calmly. "It was a goddamn accident. If I could take back that night I would. I would have never gotten into that fucking car if I had known the outcome." 
She laughed darkly. "But you can't change anything, can you? You ruined my life and now you are going to be a man and suffer the consequences of your actions." 
I flinched and for the first time in two years I felt like fighting back. For the first time in my life I had something–someone–to fight for. My phone was vibrating in my pocket and I knew it was either Derek or Cam. They'd been ringing me constantly since I left the party. They were probably pissed with me, but I'd deal with them later. Right now I had a much bigger fish to fry. "You can blame me for crashing the car, Rachel. That part was my fault, but it was your fault we crashed. Yours," I said, feeling vindicated with my outburst–for finally allowing myself to shift some of the blame that had been weighing on me like a crane. 
She blanched and strode towards me. I didn't bother moving. I knew what she was going to do. Her hand struck my face. "You bastard," she screamed. "How can you say it's my fault? You crashed the car. You caused me to lose our baby. You killed it and it's your fault I can't get pregnant again." She was shaking with anger. Good, I needed her shaken.
 "You fucked my brother," I said calmly, "Had been for months. You decided to shift your game plan on to me because I was the bigger meal ticket–what with my grandfather having just left his fortune to me." She paled. I'd caught the bitch out. I thanked god I'd confided in Linda. If I hadn't, I would have never known the truth. The phone call I received earlier tonight from Rachel's mom confirmed that everything I had believed for the last two years was a lie. 
"The night I caught you fucking my brother." I glared into her calculating green eyes. "The night you told me you were pregnant with my child? Well, it got me wondering. I started putting dates together and realized the baby couldn't be mine. The dates didn't add up and I'd worn a glove. It wasn't mine, was it, Rachel?" 
She stared at me–silent for a change. 
I continued. "You got pregnant and blamed the baby on me, on the one time we had sex, when in fact you'd been fucking Mike for months. Which made me wonder, why? Why lie about the child being mine if it was his?" I paced the floor as I spoke. "And why was it that I never even knew about you being pregnant until after the accident?" I rolled the sleeves of my shirt up as I paced. "Of course, the first thought that came to my mind was money. You didn't expect our grandfather to leave everything to me. I was the bastard child and Mike was the golden boy, the true heir to the Henderson Hotels. And then the more I started to think about it, the more things didn't add up." I pulled my phone out of my pocket. "I got a little phone call off your mommy today and it all became crystal clear."


****

Lee


 I could hear the paramedics, could feel them moving my body. I was screaming Kyle's name inside my head, fighting my way back to consciousness. 
My eyes flickered open. "Derek," I gasped when I saw that he was still beside me. Cam was beside him. She was crying. "Cam," I whispered. I tried to move my hand towards her, but an agonizing pain shot through me and I screamed in pain. 
"Lee, can you hear me? You're gonna be fine, sweetheart," Derek said, rubbing my forehead. "We're in an ambulance. Lee. We're getting you help, sweetheart, you're gonna be fine." 
I shook my head confusion. 
Kyle, where was he? 
I twisted my head around looking for him. I couldn't see him. "Kyle?" I cried out. "Kyle?"
Where was he? 
Cam and Derek turned their faces away from me. 
What was happening? 
"Are you the father?" the paramedic asked Derek as he held my wrist in his hand, timing my pulse. Derek shook his head and then whispered something to Cam. Her whole face caved as she burst into tears. 
The father? 
"What are you talking about?" I cried. "The father of what?" 
The paramedic smiled sadly at me. 
"Miss Bennett, please try to stay calm. We are concerned that you may be having a miscarriage. The best thing you can do is breathe slowly and try to stay relaxed for the baby's sake. We'll know more when we get to the hospital and run some tests." 
The baby…what baby? "I'm not pregnant," I screamed before the darkness swallowed me up once more.


****


Kyle


"You've been telling porkies, Rachel," I said calmly. 
"You don't know what you're talking about," she screamed and lunged for my phone. I let her take it. She scrolled through my phone frantically. She couldn't delete the information in my head that finally freed me from her hold. 
"You really are a sick little girl, aren't you," I taunted. "I'm not even angry with you. I pity you more than anything." She threw my phone at me, hitting me in the chest. "It takes a sick person to concoct a fake pregnancy, but it takes a bitter, twisted whore to allow a man to walk around for two years thinking he made her infertile. Thinking he killed her child and any chance of having another." The look on her face confirmed to me that Linda's source had been spot on. "I had a little chat with your mother today, who needless to say was shell-shocked with what I had to say. She seemed to be under the impression that you had surgery on your spleen after the accident and not a hysterectomy like you told me." 
I stared straight at her. Her face was red, her eyes full of rage. 
I smirked. "Therefore, you can imagine my surprise when she confirmed, no, assured me that you weren't pregnant when you were brought in to the hospital that night because you had been tested before getting x-rayed, and the test had come back as a big, fat, negative." I sneered at her. "You were never pregnant. Games up, Rachel. Find some other fool to leech from, I'm cutting you off." 
She choked out a twisted laugh. "It took you long enough to figure it out, but do you think because you understand the truth your little princess will?" I tensed. "She will hate you. You've been lying to her for months, Kyle. There is no way she'll forgive you." 
I shook my head. "She loves me. Unlike you, Lee is a fucking saint. A saint."
 Rachel sneered. "Oh, you are so pathetic, Kyle. It's happened hasn't it? You've finally fallen in love? I knew that girl would be trouble." 
"You don't know anything about her," I said through clenched teeth. 
"I know enough to know miss prim and proper won't look at you twice when she finds out about the double life you've been leading." 
 "She loves me, she'll understand." 
Rachel stepped up to my chest. "Are you sure about that, Kyle? You've lied to her, cheated on her. And I'm fairly certain she'll know by now that you're here in my apartment with me." She threw her head back and laughed. "I bet you haven't even told her you love her." I froze and Rachel's eyes gleamed. "I'm right, aren't I?" She asked. "You're not capable of loving someone without destroying them. Your mother. Your grandfather. Walk away before you destroy her."

****

Chapter 23

Lee


I felt as if I had been asleep for days. Opening my eyes, I scanned the room. There were machines everywhere and everything was white. 
"Hey, sleepy head." I turned my head to see Cam sitting in the chair next to my bed. 
"Cam?" 
She leaned over to me and hugged me tightly. "You had us scared for a while, Lee," she chuckled, her voice laced with concern. "You've been out for twelve hours."  
I pulled myself up slowly, wincing from the sharp pain in my lower stomach. "What happened to me?" 
Cam dropped her eyes from mine. "Maybe I should get a nurse to explain it?" 
I grabbed her arm. "No, Cam, please. I want to hear it from you."
 She nodded slowly, straightening in her chair. Leaning over, she grasped my hand in both of hers. I sucked in a sharp breath. This was bad. "Do you remember the ride in the ambulance, Lee? You were awake for parts?" 
I thought back and my mind froze on one word. "They said I was pregnant? That I was losing my baby?" Oh god, I wanted to keel over. "I didn't know, Cam, I swear…I never even skipped a period." I paused as tears fell down my cheeks. "This is my fault." 
Cam squeezed my hand. "No, Lee, this was not your fault. The doctors said you had what they call a concurrent ectopic and intrauterine pregnancy." Looking at my confused face, she smiled kindly. "It means you were carrying twins, Lee, and one of them was in you tubes instead of your womb. That's what caused you to get so sick." She shivered. "You nearly died, Lee. The surgeons had to remove one of your fallopian tubes and I'm so sorry sweetie, but the baby inside of it was already dead." 
Tears flowed down my face. I closed my eyes, desperately trying to hold it together. Just because I didn't know I was pregnant didn't mean that I did not want my baby. It wasn't just my baby to lose. I had lost Kyle's baby, too. It had been dead inside me and I never knew. If I had been checked out sooner and listened to my body, I could have prevented this. I curled my hands around my stomach, feeling empty and dead. 
Cam was smiling at me. I frowned at her, confused. "The baby in your womb survived the surgery, Lee," she squealed, scooting up on to the bed beside me. "It's healthy and the perfect size for thirteen weeks." 
Survived? 
Thirteen weeks? 
I had been pregnant for three months? 
I was stunned. "But, how…how is that possible? All the blood? How could a baby survive that?" 
Cam shuddered, remembering all too well what I was talking about. "They never operated on your womb, just removed the tube. The doctors say it's very rare to have a survivor twin from those circumstances, but this little one is a fighter, just like her momma." 
"Her?"
Cam patted my belly excitedly. "Oh, it's too early to know, but I'm guessing she's a girl," Cam practically cooed. 
"So, I'm due in June?" I guessed. I covered my hand over my belly, amazed at what was inside there. A baby, mine and Kyle's miracle baby…I was just about to ask where he was when Derek walked into the room. 
"You're awake," he smiled, his green eyes twinkling. He leaned down and kissed the top of my head. "Don't you ever scare us like that again, Lee. I nearly had a fucking heart-attack." He brushed his lips against Cam's and then plopped into a chair beside my bed. 
"Yeah, I'm sorry, guys." I winced as I pulled myself up in the bed. "I want to thank you both. You saved our lives." I patted my stomach, already loving the little miracle growing inside me desperately. I was gutted that I had lost one of my babies and I guessed those emotions would floor me later, but for now, all I could think was, I could have lost both and that put things into perspective for me. "I remember hearing your voice in my head," I said to Derek. "You were telling me to hold on. I held on to your voice. I think that's how I pulled myself back." 
Derek blushed crimson and shifted uncomfortably in his chair. "Uh, no problem. Just don't go telling all the guys that," he muttered. "I don't wanna be nicknamed 'the baby whisperer.'" 
Cam and I both chuckled at that.
 "So, where's Kyle?" I asked, wondering what could be delaying him from being here. "Is he outside?" 
Cam shifted awkwardly. "You can deliver this news, baby whisperer."


****

Kyle


I turned my key in the front door and let myself inside. The house was eerily quiet. 
"Derek? Cam?" I called out. I didn't dare call Lee's name out. She was probably asleep. I couldn't wait to talk to her–to finally let her all the way in. I had messed up by leaving her last night, but I could fix everything now.
I was free.
There was crap all over the place and Bruno was passed out on the couch, the little snake. I walked into the kitchen and it looked like a shit heap. Goddamn, Cam. She knew the rules. Throw a party and clean the shit up after. 
I needed a shower. 
I would deal with the mess later. 
I was bone tired. I had a long fucking night and all I wanted was to shower and crawl into bed with Lee. I trudged up the stairs and passed Lee's bedroom door. I stalled by the door. This was definitely weird. Lee never left her door unlocked, let alone wide-open.
Her bed was empty. 
Something strange was going on. 
Had they all bailed out on me? 
I shook my head and opened the bathroom door. My chest heaved and my stomach twisted when I took in the sight. There was blood everywhere. Blood-drenched towels were scattered all over the blood-encrusted floor. I staggered back from the door and grabbed my phone from my pocket. The battery was dead. 
Fuck, how long had it been dead? 
I ran into my room and plugged it into the charger. I waited impatiently for it to start up. What the fuck had happened here and where were they? I had only been away a fucking night. Finally my phone booted up and was inundated with missed calls and text messages. I scrolled through them. 
Fifteen missed calls from Derek. 
Twelve from Cam. 
Dread filled my guts. I was afraid to read the texts. 

Derek: *Dude, get your ass home a.s.a.p.*

Cam: *Come home, Kyle, there is something wrong with Lee. There is blood everywhere. I'm scared.* 

Cam: *Where are you? We are in the ambulance with Lee, taking her to the hospital, Call me.* 

Derek: *Answer your phone, you stupid sack of shit. This is your girl I'm tryn to save. Pull your dick outta Rachel, get in your fucking car, and follow us to the hospital. You stupid shit.*

Ice ran through my veins. I couldn't read anymore. I ran for my truck. I dialed Derek's number. He answered his phone on the third ring "Dude, about fucking time…" 
"Is she okay?" I demanded. "Where is she?" 
I heard Derek snort. "In the fucking hospital. She's lucky to be alive, no thanks to you." 
Jesus Christ. "Which hospital is she in?" I drove down 10th, towards the city. 
"I don't think that's…" 
"Which hospital is she in, Derek? I'll find her either way." 
He sighed loudly. "St. Luke's." 
I nodded, taking a left. "I'll be there in twenty." 
"Kyle, you might want to brace yourself, dude. There's something you need to know…" 
I needed to get to Lee, not listen to Derek and his bullshit. I should have never left her last night. I was fucking stupid. "Spit it out, dude. I'm trying to drive." 
He paused for a moment and then I heard him speak the words that tore through my heart with the force of a hurricane. 
"Kyle, she was pregnant."


****

Chapter 24

Lee


 I woke from an unsettled sleep to raised voices outside my room. 
"Get out of my way, Derek." 
Oh god, no.... 
Cam, who was asleep in the chair beside me, jerked awake and darted out of the room. 
"All I'm saying is come back tomorrow. Let her sleep. She's fucking fragile right now, dude." That was Derek's voice of reason. 
The door of my room burst open and Kyle marched in. I clenched my eyes shut and feigned sleep. 
"If you upset her, Kyle, I'll kill you. I mean it," Cam warned. "We're gonna go grab a coffee. You better not be here when we get back." 
I heard the door close and the chair beside my bed scraped against the floor. His warm hand gripped mine. "Oh, baby, wake up…please," he whispered. "I'm sorry, so fucking sorry." When his hand touched my stomach, I twisted away, pulling my hand from his. 
I opened my eyes and focused them on him. "Why are you here?" I asked coldly. 
His eyebrows jolted up in surprise. "I had to see you, make sure you were okay. My battery on my phone died. I didn't know you were here until I got home." 
I stared at him. "I want you to leave." 
He flinched. 
I didn't care. 
"Lee, don't do this. You're pregnant? Talk to me, baby." 
He reached his hand out for mine, but I pulled back. "I want you to leave, Kyle. I'm not ready to speak to you about my baby." 
He shifted helplessly. He looked at a loss for words. "Please don't block me out of this, Lee. I've been going out of my mind with worry." 
I bet he had. "You've been going out of your mind?" I choked, anger and tears pouring out of my soul. "Have you any idea how afraid I was last night?" 
He grabbed my hand, but I pulled back. "I'm so sorry…"
 "Don't," I warned. "Don't you dare say you're sorry." I was bawling now, big, fat, ugly tears. "I nearly died last night, Kyle. While you were with Rachel, I nearly bled to death on the bathroom floor. No matter what happens she always comes first, doesn't she? She's your weakness, Kyle." 
Tears fell from his eyes. Well good, I wanted him to suffer. I wanted him to feel my pain. "Rachel? No, baby, she is not my weakness. She's my fucking punishment. You baby, you are my biggest weakness." 
 "Why?" I sobbed. "Tell me why you left with her last night?"
 He was shaking. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have left you," he sobbed. "I needed to talk to Rachel…finish things. There are things you don't know, things you don't understand. I can explain everything. I'm here now." 
 I balled my fists. "You're too late," I whispered. "You should have finished things with Rachel months ago, but you kept me your dirty little secret instead. I'm not stupid, Kyle, I watched you keep our relationship hidden. There's no apology in the world that can make up for the fact that you knowingly left me sick and alone. I didn't know until today, but yes, I am pregnant, and it's yours in case you might think otherwise. I didn't mean for it to happen in case you think I tried to trick you. I know how low your opinion is of me." He flinched and anger carried me forward. "I might be carrying one of your babies inside of me, but do not, for one moment forget that I lost another."
 He laid his head in his hands on the bed beside me. His shoulders were shaking.  My hand reached out to comfort him, but I snatched it back. I couldn't comfort him. Not now. "Is it…is the baby okay?" He was trembling. "Are you?" He lifted his face and looked at me. 
I turned away, unable to look at the sadness in his tear filled blue eyes. I had never seen someone look so guilty. "I need to rest right now. Getting upset isn't good for the baby." 
He stood up slowly nodding. He wiped the tears from his cheeks with the back of his hand and cleared his throat. "Can I come back later?" 
I shook my head. "I need some space, Kyle, to get my head around everything. I need time." 
He shuddered and nodded slowly. Inhaling sharply, he bent down and kissed my forehead. I closed my eyes. It was too painful to watch him leave. 
He moved to the door and looked back. "You'll never know how sorry I am." 
Then he was gone.
 I let out a scream I had been holding in, allowing the sadness to envelope me, as I cried for my lost baby and for a man who would never love me. 

 
****

Kyle


I made it to the truck before I dropped to my knees. 
I collapsed on the ground. 
My life was a train wrecking before my eyes and I couldn't do a fucking thing about it.
I had finally done it. I'd ruined Lee in more ways than I had ever imagined humanly possible. 
That frightened girl in the hospital bed... I had done that. I had broken her. And this time I couldn't fix it. I couldn't make things better for her.
 I cried hard and loud. I didn't give two shits if anyone heard me. My world was broken. I felt an arm go around me, pulling me up. 
"Kyle, come on, dude. Get up. Let's get out of here." I staggered to my feet. "It's gonna be okay, man," Derek said, opening the door of my truck. 
I got in and he hopped into the driver's seat. "I've destroyed her, Derek." 
He turned on the engine. "No you haven't. She's not broken, Kyle. She's grieving." He patted my knee. "And so are you, man."
 I didn't deserve his sympathy. "How can I be grieving for something I didn't know I had?" 
Derek sighed. "Just because you didn't know you had it, doesn't mean you didn't want it, and don't miss it now that it's been taken away from you." 
I didn't feel shit in comparison to Lee. She should have Derek's sympathy, not me. "I don't deserve to feel sad. If I had been there…" 
"No, dude, there was no hope. This would have always been the outcome. The baby could not have survived in the tube. Lee is lucky to be alive. It's a fucking miracle it didn't kill her." I shuddered, blocking the thought from my mind. "But the one positive thing is that she's still pregnant," Derek looked at me seriously. "This could be it for her, man. They removed her tube. Makes it harder for the future…" 
I hadn't thought about that. "Fuck. Shit. Fuck. Shit." 
Derek smirked sideways. "Are you finished displaying your wonderful comprehension of the English language? Because I wanna know the plan." 
Plan? "What plan?" 
Derek sighed in disgust. "The plan where you find a way to fix this dinosaur sized pile of shit you've buried yourself under." 
I couldn't think straight. My mind focused on the fact that Lee was pregnant. She was alive and carrying a baby. 
My baby inside her. 
"Got any ideas?" I asked. 
I didn't care what I'd have to do. 
I was going to get her back. 
And when I did I was never going to let her slip away from me again.



The End




Kyle and Lee’s story 
continues in 
Fall to Pieces 
available now 

For updates on her upcoming releases:


 Follow Chloe On Twitter: 
@Walshy89_Clo

Or like Chloe on Facebook: 
https://www.facebook.com/AuthorChloeWalsh

