Broken – An Elementalist Novel

Danika Jeffries
Smashwords Edition


Copyright 2015  Danika Jeffries


Discover other titles by Danika Jeffries at Smashwords.com


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31

About the Author
Chapter 1
He moaned at the feeling of teeth gently nibbling his earlobe while finger nails traced a path of fire down his chest.  He felt her swirl her finger around one hard nipple and then tweak it, drawing another groan from his throat.  This was torture, the way she toyed with him, but he could feel her need in the back of his head, and knew it was just a matter of time until she gave in to what they both wanted, what they both needed.  
Her hand trailed lower, skated across his abdomen and down his thigh.  He shifted restlessly, eager to move things along, but he knew his place in this game.  She was the aggressor right now, and if he didn’t want her to shut down and push him away as she had so many times before, he had to wait.  Finally her hand closed around his aching cock, squeezing him through his pants, and he bucked against her grip.
Gregory heard the hum of the protective field around his room cease and opened his eyes, blinking away the memory of him and Jessa, the woman he’d been bound to for years.  He was unsurprised to find his doctor, Casper Holidran, entering the isolation room.  A tall man with white-blond hair, he looked like a washed out copy of himself as he glanced down at the display in his hand, the light of the tablet reflecting upward as Casper walked farther into the room.  Gregory was equally unsurprised to hear the hum of the field go back up as soon as the door was closed.  This ritual had been repeated at least a dozen times over the past three days, and Gregory rubbed at his temples in a futile effort to get the pain lodged in his brain to subside.
“And how are you feeling, Lieutenant Feulion?” the doctor asked as he crossed the room to Gregory’s bedside.  “Any better at all?”
“Maybe a little, but overall, no,” Gregory answered, running a hand through his brown hair.  He noted absently that he needed a shower, his hair feeling a little greasy and lank.  “I’m okay when I’m alone, and when you’re here, but as soon as that field goes down...  And then there are the memories.  I can’t get her out of my head, Casper, and it’s worse now than when I was her blasted partner!”
Casper Holidran, head of the Elementalist academy and physician for the Erumari royal family, shook his head at the lieutenant’s revelation.  He checked on his patient’s vitals listed on the various monitors near the bed, made notes on the tablet in his hand, and then picked up Gregory’s wrist to check his pulse and his energy levels.  As a Life Elementalist, he had the ability to sense the energy flowing through a person’s body, and he had the ability to manipulate that energy to speed healing... or not, as he chose.
“The energy level in your aura is quite high,” Casper remarked, his strange silvery-green gaze meeting Gregory’s golden brown ones.  “That might be behind the memories.  Would you like me to drain the excess?”
When Gregory nodded, Casper closed his eyes and connected his psyche to the med centre’s power grid before psychically reaching out to brush against the lieutenant’s aura.  With a practiced twist of his thoughts, the doctor guided the excess energy Gregory was storing into the power grid, where it was harmlessly absorbed.  This sort of minor energy manipulation was nearly second nature to him now, and he smiled as the use of his power made his patient sigh with relief.
“Better?”
“Yes,” Gregory agreed with a nod.  “I never realize I’m overly full until you drain the excess away.  Though now that I think about it...”
“Yes?”
“I think you’re right about the excess energy and the memories being connected.  Looking back on the past few days, the memories are most annoying when I’m restless, and I seem to be most restless right before you tell me I’m running hot.”
“It sounds about right,” the doctor said with a smile.  “Feeding Jessa energy was nearly a full-time job, based on the reports I’ve seen, and it’s logical that you’d recall memories of doing so when your aura gets overly full.  You’ll get the hang of it again though, don’t worry.”
At the mention of being without Jessa, Gregory’s features had twisted with hurt, just for a moment before he brought himself back under control.  Casper cursed these horrible circumstances, but Gregory was going to have to get used to the fact that he was no longer the queen’s bonded partner, no longer the person responsible for monitoring and rebalancing her aura as she used her powers.  Casper knew the man logically understood this, but that he still hadn’t really come to terms with it.
“Did it hurt when I brushed against your aura?” Casper asked, changing the subject.
“No, not at all.”
“Good, good.”  Casper made another note in Gregory’s file, and then moved to sit on the chair beside the bed.  “We need to talk about your recovery, Lieutenant.”
“That doesn’t sound good.”
Casper smiled reassuringly.  “It’s not all bad either.  You are physically healthy, in peak shape actually, and without any medical issues at all.  However, as you well know, psychically you’re a different story.”
Gregory rolled his eyes and leaned back against the pillows, crossing his arms over his chest.  “You don’t say.  Not being able to leave this room without passing out from the pain kinda clued me in.”
Casper grimaced.  “I have to admit that I don’t have any experience with this sort of thing.  I’ve never had to break a bond before, nor have I seen it done.  I have seen the results of a bond broken when one of the partnership dies, but it’s nothing like this.  This... this makes me question the wisdom of assigning bonded partners to master-ranked Elementalists when we know the bond will need to be broken.”
“Don’t tell that to Jessa,” Gregory commented wryly.  “She always said that our bonding wasn’t fair, and she argued that point whenever she could.  If you prove her right, there will be no living with her.”
Casper smiled.  “I don’t think my agreeing or disagreeing with the queen will change anything about how hard she is to live with.  However, I think we’ll hold off on bonding Prince Aiden to a Reservoir until after he’s no longer heir to the throne, just in case.”
Gregory tilted his head.  “You don’t have a bonded partner, do you?” he asked.  “Why is that?”
“For the same reason that the monarch doesn’t have one, and if the Protectorate general was an Elementalist, he wouldn’t have one either.  It was decided, a long time ago, that those in the top positions of authority shouldn’t be reliant on another, certainly not in the way a typical Elementalist relies on his or her bonded partner.”
“Jessa isn’t a typical Elementalist,” Gregory pointed out, his voice a little bitter.  “She went out of her way to keep the bond between us as loose as possible.”
“And yet, here you are, still suffering three days after your bond was broken,” Casper stated immediately.  “If she hadn’t managed to keep you somewhat at a distance, considering you were bonded to her for nearly a decade, I think breaking the bond would have killed you.”
The doctor stood and began to pace across the small isolation room, running a hand through his pale blond hair.  “It seems to me that your mind is seeking what it lost,” he explained.  “You’ve told me that you were able to sense Jessa’s whereabouts and her emotions, and that particularly strong emotions even affected you physically.  I think that the reason the pain hits so hard when the protection field is down is because the end of the bond in your mind is raw, like an exposed nerve.  Whenever you’re around people, your mind instinctively searches for those feelings again, and you’re being bombarded by bits and pieces of everyone in proximity to you.  Add to that the rather vivid memories you’re having of her, and I’d be willing to say that your bond isn’t nearly as broken as I thought it was.”
“That makes no sense,” Gregory argued.  “I’m not a telepath, and that particular gene doesn’t even run in my family.  How could the thoughts of others be affecting me?”
“I honestly don’t know, but nevertheless, that’s the only explanation I can come up with.  You need time to heal, for the end of your bond to scab over, so to speak, to withdraw fully from the queen.  I know that when we originally discussed it, the medical leave I was going to sign off on was just so you could get away from Jessa and Karim for a short while.  However, I’m going to have to insist that you do, in fact, take a real medical leave.  I’m going to send you to Miralea, and I’m going to knock you unconscious for the duration of the flight to prevent further trauma to your mind.”
Gregory sighed.  He’d been the bonded partner of Jessalyn Amari, then a commander in the Protectorate and heir to the throne of Erumar, for just less than nine years.  She’d been betrothed to a man who wouldn’t be able to meet her energy needs as a master-ranked Elementalist, and since Jessa used her Air-based gift a lot, Gregory had figured that even when their bond was broken, he’d still have a place in her life to help her manage her aura.  Then Karim had come along...  The exiled crown prince of Kalegan – and an untrained Water Elementalist – he’d managed to steal Jessa’s heart and totally rewrite her future into one that didn’t include Gregory at all.  
“Can I at least stay for the coronation?” he asked.
“Yes, but you’ll have to watch it from here,” the doctor told him, gesturing to a monitor bolted to the ceiling of his room.  “I doubt you’d be able to be part of the audience, or even get out of this building, without passing out from the pain.”
Gregory nodded his agreement.  “So you’ll come back after the coronation and knock me out?”
“Yes.  I’ve made all of the arrangements, and I’ve already submitted the paperwork to the Protectorate.  Your initial leave is for two weeks, with a medical follow-up at that point to determine if the leave needs to be extended.  I’m hoping that by distancing you from Jessa, and keeping you away from as many people as possible, two weeks will be enough to fully break the bond and let it heal.”
Gregory nodded again.  He hadn’t needed a medical leave often in the past, but he’d been through the process before as Jessa’s proxy.  This time was more than a little odd, however, since he felt fine... as long as he was alone or with only one of the medical personnel who’d seen to his treatment so far.
“And speaking of the Protectorate,” Casper continued, “General Triaka has been lurking around.”
“Excuse me?”
Casper smirked, an expression that Gregory hadn’t seen on the man’s face before.  “The general’s secretary requested an appointment for you a couple of days ago, which I denied on medical grounds.  She called back again yesterday, and this morning.  The general apparently really needs to talk to you, however, since after I turned down her request again today, he made his way over here personally.”
“And you’ve been making him wait?”  Gregory was incredulous.  When the head of the Protectorate wanted something done, it got done.  Immediately... or sooner.  The Protectorate was the name of the Erumari military, the military that Gregory belonged to, and it was charged with protecting the planetary system as well as the outlying colonies.  The energy crystals mined on Erumar and its five moons had the ability to magnify the energy focussed through them, and they were used the galaxy over to power just about everything.   They were much in demand, and the Protectorate also had a duty to protect any Elementalist that travelled outside of the system to set up crystal systems for other peoples, as well as to protect the shipments themselves.
“Ah, my fine Lieutenant,” Casper said with a wide smile.  “You forget that while General Triaka is your commanding officer, he does not outrank me.  The only person who does is the queen, and the general needs to be reminded of that, from time to time.  I will show him in.”
Opening and closing the door to the isolation room, with the resulting rise and fall of the protection shield, gave Gregory a roaring headache as the thoughts and auras of the people in and around the med centre tried to crowd into his brain.  He was struggling to get his vision to focus again when General Triaka entered, and Gregory fell out of bed as he tried to rise and salute properly.
“Lieutenant!” the general exclaimed as he watched Gregory stumble and fall, too far away to prevent the accident.  “What are you doing?”
“Trying to greet you properly, Sir,” Gregory answered, blushing a little as he picked himself up from the floor.  He could feel the general’s thoughts pressing against his own, though he couldn’t read them.  It was an uncomfortable sensation.
“I can see that Doctor Holidran wasn’t exaggerating when he completed the paperwork for your medical leave,” the general muttered as he helped Gregory back into bed.  “Do you think two weeks will be enough?”
“I’m not sure, General,” Gregory admitted, “and neither is Doctor Holidran.  He told me that I’d have a medical evaluation after the two weeks and then they would decide what to do with me.”
Gregory, settled in bed once more with nothing more than his ego bruised by his fall, looked over at his commanding officer.  He was used to taking orders from Jessa, who’d been his company commander, but he’d had little real contact with the general, who oversaw all of the companies in the Protectorate.  He wasn’t sure why the man was here now.
“The queen offered a suggestion,” the small, athletic man told him as he settled into the chair so recently vacated by Casper, “and I concur.  With your exemplary military service record, to say nothing of the diplomatic skills you’ve learned over the years as her Majesty’s partner, we are going to promote you.  Congratulations, Commander Feulion.”
“Thank you, Sir,” Gregory began, but the general waved his words away.
“Don’t thank me, Commander, you’ve earned it.”  He paused for a moment, and then smiled.  “I’d like to offer you command of the First.”
Gregory blinked.  “The First?  Really?  I’d be honoured.”
“Excellent!  Do you have any thoughts on who your lieutenant should be?”
Gregory thought about that for a moment.  “Assuming he’s still with the First and hasn’t jumped to the royal guard, I’d like Sergeant Villok,” he said, naming one of the veterans in the company.
“An excellent choice,” the general concurred.  “I haven’t heard that Sergeant Villok intends to move to the guard, but the reshuffling of personnel will take another day or two, at least.  After that, the new lieutenant can run drills with the company and get a feel for command while you finish recovering.”
The general stood and moved closer, offering Gregory his hand.  “Get better soon, Commander.  We need you back here, but not before you’re ready.  Understood?”
“Yes, Sir.”
Gregory lay back and closed his eyes, wondering what it would be like to have full command of the company.  He was surprised that he’d been offered command of the First, since that company was the most closely tied to the crown and was often sent on assignments that were classified and delicate.  He was honoured, and he hoped that he wouldn’t lose too many of the men and women in the company to the queen.  With a change in monarch, it wasn’t uncommon for members of the royal guard to change too.  Soldiers in the First, Jessa’s former command, would be offered any positions that opened up as members of her father’s former royal guard moved back into the general ranks of the Protectorate or retired from service entirely.  He’d just have to wait and see who he got when he returned.
“Congratulations, Commander,” Casper commented as he walked back into the room and turned on the vid screen in the corner.
“Were you eavesdropping?”
“Of course I was,” the doctor confirmed, unrepentant.  “I couldn’t allow you to overextend yourself, now could I?  I saw how being in the same room with the general was making you uncomfortable, by the way.”
“Why doesn’t that happen with you?”
“Because I’m shielding.  The only people I’ve allowed in here until the general have the ability to shield their thoughts, cutting them off so that you don’t have to worry about them,” Casper explained.  “And the medical staff who will work with you on Miralea have the same ability, don’t worry.”
Gregory turned his attention to the screen, seeing that Jessa’s coronation ceremony was about to start.  “Shouldn’t you be out there with her?”
Casper shook his head.  “She doesn’t need me.  You, on the other hand...”
The doctor pulled the chair around to the other side of the bed and sat down, leaning back and by all appearances relaxed.  Gregory wasn’t fooled, but he did appreciate the effort.  Moving around to get comfortable himself, he watched as his former partner was crowned Queen of Erumar, her new fiancé Karim at her side.



Chapter 2
“So, Doctor Conterra, who did you sleep with to get this assignment?”
“I would never!” Terese protested, blushing madly.  “You should know me better than that.”
“Sad, but true,” her roommate agreed.  “I have been witness to the tragedy that is your love life.”
Terese blushed again, unable to help herself.  “And when was I supposed to have time for a love life?” she wanted to know.  “Between work and school...  There are only so many hours in a day.”
“True again,” the other woman agreed, folding a light-weight blouse and putting it into the bag open between them.  “And it’s all paid off, hasn’t it?  Now you’re a doctor, and you get a posting on the most lovely, relaxing, fabulous planet around.  I’m so jealous!”
“I’m going to be working,” Terese reminded her roommate.  “The fact that I’m on a resort planet is neither here nor there.”
“But even you can’t be working all the time.  Surely you’ll have a free hour every now and again to lay on a beach and relax.”
Terese laughed, looking over at the skimpy bikini her friend was holding up.  “I’m afraid that won’t fit you, Shannon, though that shade of blue would be devastatingly lovely on you.”
“It would fit just fine if I wasn’t planning to wear it for long,” Shannon told her with a wink, making Terese throw a rolled up uniform at her. 
The two women, roommates and best friends, could not be more dissimilar in appearance.  Terese was petite at barely five feet tall and not quite one hundred pounds, with long blond hair and pale skin that was more likely to burn than tan.  Shannon, on the other hand, was quite tall at just a couple inches shy of six feet, with short, curly black hair and flawless dark skin.  The only thing they shared was their eyes colour, the blue-green hazel of Shannon’s eyes startling and exotic while being almost commonplace for someone who looked like Terese.  They were quite different personality-wise as well, with Terese being more quiet and studious while Shannon knew how to let loose and party.
“Are you going to resign from the Protectorate now that you’ve graduated?” Shannon asked as she packed away another pile of clothing.
“I don’t think so,” Terese replied.  “I liked being a medic, and it’s the Protectorate that got me this sweet assignment, after all.”
Shannon shook her head.  “Being a soldier and a doctor seems odd, somehow.  Counter-intuitive.”
“Why?  Because soldiers don’t need doctors?” Terese asked with a laugh.
“No, because soldiers are often a cause of people needing doctors.”
“You’re a soldier,” Terese pointed out.
“Yeah, and I’ve sent plenty of people to doctors.”
Terese shrugged.  “Regardless, I’m not planning to resign, and I am a doctor now, so you’re just going to have to wrap your head around the idea.”
Shannon sighed.  “A doctor, a sergeant and an Elementalist.  Is there anything you can’t do?”
“Sing.”
They shared another laugh and then finished packing up Terese’s belongings.  She was bringing her warm weather clothing, uniforms and a few personal items with her, and the rest would be stored until she returned at the end of her assignment.  Terese was just straightening up from sealing the last box, when the comm channel buzzed.
“Sergeant Conterra?” asked a disembodied voice.
“Yes?”
“Your transport is here, Ma’am.”
“Thank you.”
Terese picked up her duffle bag and swung it up and over her shoulder.  “Come with me?” she asked Shannon.  “We can spend a last few minutes together.”
Shannon smiled and grabbed the other bag, and together the women made their way out of the barracks section of the Protectorate wing of Nevern, and down the corridor to the space station’s military landing bay.  The large open area was bustling with military personnel and full of small fighter ships and larger transports, and Terese looked out of the bay’s large doors to see Erumar’s rings glittering in space outside of the station.  Glancing around for a member of the ground crew to direct her to her transport, she heard someone calling her name.
“Doctor Conterra!  Over here!”
Terese turned to look and saw Doctor Casper Holidran standing on the ramp of a medical transport.  She frowned, wondering what was going on.  Her understanding was that she’d take a commercial transport to Miralea.
“Who is that calling you?” Shannon asked as she walked with Terese toward the ship.
“That would be Doctor Holidran, head of the Elementalist academy, head of the medical centre in Homestead, and essentially one of my two commanding officers,” she answered.  “That would be one of the most powerful men in this sector of space.”
“Really?  He doesn’t seem like much.”
“That’s only because you don’t know him.  He scares the crap out of me.”
Shannon looked over at her friend sharply, surprised by her comment, but they reached the base of the transport’s ramp before she could say anything else.
“Doctor Conterra, I’m glad to see you again.”
“It’s good to see you too, Doctor Holidran,” Terese said with a tight smile.  “May I introduce my friend, Shannon Weltar?”
“Pleased to meet you,” Casper said, extending his hand to Shannon before turning his attention back to Terese.  “I’m afraid there’s been a change in plans, Doctor.”
“Really?  Am I not going to Miralea?”
“Oh no, you’re still going to Miralea, but I have a patient for you.”
“A patient?  For me?”
Terese knew that she wasn’t making the best impression, repeating what Doctor Holidran was saying to her, but his words just weren’t aligning to her expectations.  She blushed when he smiled at her, his expression one of patience as he explained.
“Yes, for you.  You have specialized in neuroscience, yes?  Specifically in post-traumatic brain injuries?” 
Terese nodded.  She hadn’t heard of any recent conflict that could have resulted in an injury like that, but then, she wasn’t privy to everything.  Miralea was a resort planet, yes, but it also housed a medical facility for those recovering from extreme traumas or rare conditions.  Part of the reason she was so excited about her posting was that she’d be able to practice her specialty, but she hadn’t expected to start quite so soon.
“Please, come on board and I’ll explain everything,” Casper told her.  Turning to Shannon, he inclined his head.  “Pleased to make your acquaintance.”
Taking her second bag from her friend, she gave Shannon a quick hug and said goodbye before she followed the doctor up the ramp and into the medical transport.
When you’ve seen one medical transport, you’ve seen them all, Terese thought to herself as she stowed her bags in the seating area reserved for medical personnel.  Her seat, along with five others that may or may not remain empty, was toward the front of the transport, just behind the cockpit and the pilot.  To the back of the transport was the med bay, where patients were housed for transportation.  Terese followed behind Doctor Holidran into that part of the ship.
The med bay was a shrunken version of the bay in which she’d spent the vast majority of her time since joining the Protectorate and beginning her training as a medic, and then continuing her studies to become a doctor.  There was monitoring equipment on both walls, along with four transport beds encapsulated inside protective bubbles.  Only one of the pods was occupied.
“This is your patient,” Casper told her unnecessarily as she moved to the bank of monitors above his capsule.  Terese checked the man’s vitals and picked up his chart before turning to face her superior.
“What do I need to know?”
“Commander Feulion is being transferred to Miralea on medical leave for at least two weeks,” Casper explained.  
“Commander Feulion?” Terese questioned.  “Why is that name familiar?”
“You met him as Lieutenant Feulion, a month ago when you were on assignment to Acaria with members of the First.”
Terese pursed her lips.  “Ah yes.  He called me a brat.”
Casper chuckled.  “So I heard.  And her Majesty called him an ass.  Regardless, he’s your patient for the next two weeks.”
“Why?”
The doctor tilted his head, looking at her inquisitively.  “Why is he your patient?”
“Yes.  Why me?”
“Because of your specialty, Doctor Conterra.  After the commander’s bond to the queen was broken, there were unforeseen consequences.  His body is fine, he is healthy and without discernible medical issue, but his mind...  I don’t know how to help him, and I’m hoping that you do.”
Terese sighed.  “Can you please explain this bond to me?  The queen and the commander alluded to something, but her Majesty said that I wouldn’t learn about it until I’d gained in power.  I need to learn about it now, if I’m to have any chance of understanding what’s happening.”
A month ago, Jessalyn Amari and Gregory Feulion had been sent to the neighbouring planet of Acaria along with a number of Protectorate soldiers to aid the empress of that planet.  Since members of the First were on leave at that time, General Triaka had gathered a few other soldiers from the space station to fill out the ranks, and Terese had been one of them.  The princess was injured during the attempted coup, and the lieutenant had been less than pleasant when Terese, as the squad’s medic, had tried to help.  It was funny how in just a few weeks, the three of them had gone from commander and heir, lieutenant and medic to queen, commander and doctor.
Instead of answering Terese’s question, Casper turned and gestured to the sleeping man in the bunk.  “Keep him asleep until you have him settled into his cabin.  He is to be kept away from people as much as possible, at least for the first few days, and you are to shield whenever you are near him.”
“Yes, sir,” Terese acknowledged, noting that similar instructions were already written into Commander Feulion’s file.  “Now, about this bond?”
Casper ushered her from the med bay and back into the seating area, gesturing for her to have a seat.  Then he sat down across from her and folded his hands in his lap.
“You are a journeyman-ranked Elementalist,” he stated, “and as such, you can rebalance the energies in your aura either by absorbing latent energy from the environment around you, or by actively pulling energy from inanimate sources.  Master-ranked Elementalists have a third option, which is pulling energy from a willing donor.”
“A willing donor.  That’s what Commander Feulion meant when he referred to being her Majesty’s Reservoir?  He used the words bonded partner too.”
“Yes, that’s what he meant.  Jessa...  The queen and Commander Feulion were psychically bound together nearly nine years ago, which allowed the commander to keep track of the queen’s energy levels and rebalance them quickly when she used her power to the point of dipping into her personal energy stores.  Reservoirs are people who collect excess energy in their auras, the way you and I do, but they don’t have a way to use up that excess.  Training Reservoirs and pairing them with master Elementalists is a good way to keep both halves of the partnership in balance.”
“And the bond between them was broken,” Terese commented.  “How did that happen?”
Casper grimaced.  “Unfortunately, I did that.”  He held up a hand to forestall a comment.  “It was necessary, required by law, as none of the heads of the three arms of the government can have such a deep reliance on another person.  The perception that the heads are not able to lead without support is not a message the Erumari people like or accept.”
“So you broke a psychic bond that was in place for nearly a decade, and now Commander Feulion’s mind is having difficulty recovering,” Terese summarized.  
“That about sums it up, yes.”
“I don’t think two weeks is going to be long enough.”
“Neither do I,” Casper agreed, “but it’s a start.  Take him to Miralea, get him settled, and do what you can.  I’m just a call away if you need anything, and I do mean that.  Commander Feulion is important to the queen, and we’re going to make sure he recovers from this.”
Terese nodded and stood when Casper did.  Seeing him to the ramp, she watched Doctor Holidran descend to the landing bay and then turned to check on her patient once more as the pilot began his pre-flight sequence.  Reassured that the commander was settled, Terese dropped into her seat as the transport engines engaged and the ship pulled out into space.  Settling herself, she pulled her tablet from the pocket in one of her bags and called up the first of the medical journals to which she had access.  



Chapter 3
Terese spent the trip to Miralea studying.  She studied the commander’s vital signs at various times of day, focussing especially on his brain waves.  She read articles from medical journals that had any mention of psychic links, psychic trauma or psychic injury, and she slept very little.  When the Erumari colony of Miralea – located two days outside of Erumar’s planetary system – came into sight, she would have missed it if the pilot hadn’t pointed out their approach.  She was glad he did, however, as the purple and blue jewel suspended in space was truly something to behold.  
Looking out the window, Terese noticed that there was quite a lot of traffic around the planet.  The transports, mostly luxury liners or high-end interstellar cruisers, were directed toward one approach, while their medical transport was sent around to the far side of the planet.  The resort crowd was arriving and leaving with the morning sun, while the medical staff would be mostly asleep when she disembarked with her patient.  It would be nice and quiet, easy to get him settled, and Terese wouldn’t have been at all surprised if Doctor Holidran hadn’t planned it this way.
After the transport arrived in the silent med centre landing bay, the pilot came around to help Terese with the bags, both hers and the commander’s.  As she carefully disengaged the transport pod from the med bay’s monitors and power source, she became aware of the fact that there were voices coming from outside the ship.  Refusing to be hurried, she finished up with the pod and then gave it a gentle shove to get it moving.  
“Sergeant Terese Conterra?”
Terese looked up from checking the transport pod’s readout to meet the gaze of a young solider dressed in a Protectorate uniform.  Based on the patch on his arm, he was part of the Fifty-Second company, which was stationed here on Miralea both for the protection of the guests at the resorts and the protection of the patients on this side of the planet.  There was no second patch indicating that he was an Elementalist, which didn’t surprise her much.  Aside from the Life Elementalists attached to the military as medics and doctors, there was often only one Elementalist per company, if that.  The genetic combination necessary to produce an Elementalist was rare enough that there were only a few dozen in the military.
“Yes, that’s me,” she acknowledged, watching the young man smile.  “And this is my patient, Commander Gregory Feulion.  I believe Doctor Holidran sent orders on ahead.”
“Yes, Ma’am,” the solider confirmed.  “And so did General Triaka.  We have the commander’s cabin set up and waiting, as well as your own.  If you’d follow me please?”
The solider bent down to pick up the bags that the pilot had left on the ground, and Terese gave the pod another push to get it moving once again.  The hover technology was great for keeping patients level and undisturbed, but the pods had no thrust and would lose momentum and stop if you didn’t keep pushing them now and again.
Walking out of the landing bay into the tropical night was a sensation that took Terese a few moments to put into conscious thought.  The air smelled of night blooming flowers and damp, and the sound of waves lapping came from nearby.  There was no visible moon, but thousands of stars were scattered across the deep indigo sky, their light making patterns that were unfamiliar to her.  The path they followed was lit at ground level by recessed lights, and the bulk of the med centre rose before them, a few windows glowing with welcome.  The solider led them to the right, however.
“This way please,” he said as if reading her mind.  “Your boat is this way.”
“Boat?”
“Yes, Ma’am.  You’ll need a boat to get to the island.”
“The island...  What island would that be?”
Walking out onto a long dock, the soldier paused beside a boat that was about twice as long as the transport pod and just wide enough to accommodate it.  Seeing that she’d caught up, he deposited their bags into the boat.
“The orders that came in regarding the commander’s treatment indicated that he needs to be isolated,” the soldier explained.  “There are a bunch of little islands over here, and the easiest way to isolate someone is to... well, isolate them.  Do you know how to operate a boat, Sergeant?”
Terese looked over to the boat’s computer, noticing that it was a basic model.  She nodded.
“Excellent.  Your island is about twenty minutes due west of this location, and the coordinates are already programmed into the computer on board.  There are two cabins at the end of the dock when you arrive, and both have been stocked with food and other necessary items.  The island has its own power grid, and there is a manual in each cabin explaining the amenities of the location, emergency procedures and the like.  There is also a radio, in case you need to contact us here, and you can always bring the boat back, of course.  There will be food delivered every two or three days.”
“And what about water?”
The solider smiled and made a sweeping gesture.  “The oceans on Miralea are fresh water oceans.  There is no danger of running out of water.”
“And what about my other patients?”
“Other patients?”
“Yes.  I was assigned to the med centre on Miralea for a year, as a doctor.  I assumed that I’d have patients.”
“No, Ma’am, you only have the one patient.  Your orders indicate that Commander Gregory Feulion is your only responsibility.”  He passed her a small data card, which she assumed contained a copy of her orders.  She accepted it with a nod and tucked it away to read at some point in the near future.  “Would you like help loading the pod?”
“Sure, why not?”
Terese hopped down into the boat, widening her stance to accommodate for the way the vehicle shifted under her weight.  Reaching out, she helped to guide the pod down into the boat and got it tied down safely so that she wouldn’t accidently lose it as she motored over to the island that was apparently going to be her home for the next couple of weeks.  Thanking the soldier for his help, she got the boat started and eased away from the dock.
“This is not quite what I’d thought it would be,” Terese told herself as she followed the pre-plotted course to ‘her’ island.  Still, orders were orders, and having the commander away from the other patients could only make her job easier.  She’d read in his notes that he’d been in isolation for three days, unable to bear the pain of the multitudes of thoughts bombarding his damaged psyche.
The island appeared slowly out of the darkness ahead, the cheerful glow of lanterns marking the end of the dock the first indication that they’d arrived.  After pulling up to the dock, Terese jumped out to tie down the boat, thankful for her eclectic military training.  Who’d have thought she’d actually need to know this stuff when she’d trained on mountainous Erumar?
Deciding to leave the commander safe in his pod for now, she then retrieved their bags and walked along the dock to where their cabins waited, one on either side of the path leading away from the water.  Leaving all of the bags outside on the path, she walked up the two steps onto the porch of the building on the right to look around and try to decide which cabin would be better for her patient.
Walking through the open door, Terese stopped dead on the threshold, her eyes wide as she took in the space before her.  There were a few lights glowing, made to look like lanterns similar to the ones on the dock, and they illuminated an open concept bungalow that looked like something right out of a travel brochure.
Immediately in front of her was an open sitting area, with comfortable looking overstuffed furniture and pillows gathered around an oddly shaped table.  Inset into the wall at the back of the building was a fireplace, unnecessary right now as the night was warm and humid, and a large fan revolved slowly above her, causing a gentle flower-scented breeze to waft through the room.  There was an arrangement of flowers on the table, a few pieces of art on the walls, and overall the room looked opulent.  
To her right was the food preparation and eating area, with another door that led back out onto the porch.  The entire right-hand wall was windows looking out onto the beach, and there was a basket of fresh fruits on the table.  The appliances for storing and cooking food were state of the art, and the curtains framing the windows blew softly in the breeze coming in off the water.  The table was carved of wood, as were the matching chairs, and the padding on the seats looked comfortable.
To the left was a pair of doors, and Terese could see that the one closest to her led into a bedroom.  Taking a look there, she saw that there were monitors tucked discretely into a corner, a huge bed covered in pillows, and a dresser for clothing.  There was a door that led into the bathroom, which had a second door leading back out into the sitting room, and the bathroom featured a sunken tub as well as a shower stall, sink and toilet.
Wandering back out onto the porch, Terese picked up the commander’s bag and brought his things into the building.  She deposited the bag just inside the bedroom door, and then returned to the boat for the transport pod.  There was no need to keep him asleep any longer, and after two full days of rest, he likely needed to get up and stretch, if nothing else.
Manoeuvring the pod out of the boat was a little bit difficult, but Terese managed with only a few curse words muttered under her breath.  Getting the pod into the cabin was a lot easier, however, as the building was designed to accommodate medical transports.  Guiding it over to the bed, Terese keyed the sequence required to disengage the protective capsule.  Then, reducing the height of the hovering pod so that it was even with the bed, she pulled on the blanket under the commander and slid him out of the pod and onto the thick, comfortable looking mattress.  
Moving to the bank of monitors in the corner, she turned on the ones she needed and picked up the associated equipment.  A quick scan of his brain waves showed that he was still asleep but was waking, and would likely be conscious in a few minutes.  The rest of his vitals looked good, and Terese left the room to let him wake up naturally, dragging the transport pod behind her.  She figured that the first thing he’d do was take a shower and change, which gave her a few minutes to herself to do the same.  
Leaving the cabin and stowing the pod in a small shed a little farther up the path, she grabbed her bags as she walked by and then Terese hopped up onto the porch surrounding her temporary home.  Walking in, she saw that her building was a match for the commander’s, with everything reversed so that her eating area also opened up onto the beach.  Dropping her bags onto the bed, she riffled through one to find a clean change of clothing, and then she slipped into the bathroom for a quick shower.
As she rinsed the soap from her body and massaged shampoo into her hair, Terese tried to plan out how to introduce their situation to the commander.  Their last meeting hadn’t been a terribly smooth one, after all, with him questioning her ability to do her job.  She understood a little more now the depth of his worry for his commander and partner, but still...  She’d heard that first impressions were the most important, so she had a lot working against her.
Drying off quickly, Terese pulled on some panties and a pair of shorts before slipping on the matching bra and a light-weight blouse.  She didn’t see the need for a uniform, partially because it was night and partially because they were alone on what was essentially a deserted island.  Grabbing a handful of berries from the table, she popped them into her mouth before reaching back to gather her damp hair together in her hands.  Quickly braiding her hair, she made her way back across the path and up into the other cabin, hoping to find the commander awake and refreshed.  She quickly checked the shielding on her thoughts and approached the bedroom.
Reaching the doorway, Terese noticed immediately that the commander was still laying on the bed in same position she’d left him in.  Concerned that he was having trouble waking up from his medically induced sleep, she approached the bedside immediately, reaching out to take his wrist in order to check his pulse and his energy level, something she hadn’t looked at before leaving him a short while ago.
As soon as her fingers closed around his wrist, Terese felt strong fingers close around her wrist in a vice-like grip, and then she was flipped over onto the bed, her body pinned to the mattress.
~§~§~§~
Gregory lay on his back on the bed, pillows scattered around him.  He was aching with need, and Jessa was teasing him... again.  His eyes were closed as he waited for his partner, pondering the fact that he had no idea why he let her do this to him, over and over.  It was her energy that needed rebalancing, after all, so why should he have to deal with this torture just to do his job?  Actually, it occurred to him that maybe this time, he’d show her a thing or two.  
The rustle of cloth told him she was approaching, and he lay still.  As soon as he felt her hand on his wrist, he grabbed hold of her and yanked, sending Jessa tumbling onto the bed.  He was on her in an instant, not letting the agile woman squirm away from him.  Pinning her to the bed with his body, his erection pressed against her inner thigh showing her how much he ached for her, he captured her other hand and then bent down to kiss her, pouring all of his longing into that singular moment.
She gasped in surprise, and as soon as her lips parted, Gregory claimed her mouth as his own, tongue thrusting in to tangle with hers.  She tasted sweet, like ripe berries, and he licked and sucked at her tongue and lips until she moaned and squirmed beneath him.  Gregory smiled, breaking the kiss.  He pulled back to meet Jessa’s pretty blue... blue-green... hazel?
Gregory jumped up and away from the woman beneath him, staggering backward and falling off the bed to land with a crash and a curse.  Forcing himself up to his hands and knees, he shook his head, trying to clear it.
“What the hell was that?” the woman demanded, rubbing the back of her hand across her mouth.  
“Who the hell are you?” he growled in response, trying to cover his embarrassment with anger.  He lowered his head back down to stare at the floor.  “Why are you in my room, in my bed?”
He saw legs appear in his peripheral vision, shapely bare legs above bare feet.  The feet were tiny, hardly bigger than a child’s, and he tilted his head upward again.  The woman starting to crouch down beside him looked vaguely familiar, her blond hair pulled back from her face in a braid that had fallen forward over her shoulder.  She was wearing a loose blouse, and the way she crouched down gave him a perfect view of her breasts, covered by a delicate lace bra.  He pulled his gaze up to her face, noticing that her lips were slightly swollen from his kiss, and he dropped his head in shame once more.  What in hell was wrong with him?
“Let me help you up, Commander,” the woman said, her tone of voice gentler than it had been a moment ago.  “Let me take a look at you, make sure everything’s okay.”
Gregory wanted to brush her hands away, but found he was still a little disoriented.  With a sigh, he let her help him up until he was sitting on the end of a bed that he didn’t recognize.
“Where am I?” he asked, looking around.  “And who are you?”
“I’m Doctor Conterra,” the woman said, “and you’re on Miralea.  What was that, Commander?”
“Doctor Conterra,” he repeated.  “That name’s familiar.”
He looked her over, noting again her pretty hazel eyes and how tiny she was.  “Wait a minute!” he exclaimed.  “I know you!  You’re that sergeant from Acaria.”
The woman blushed.  “Um, yeah, that was me.”
“You said you weren’t a doctor,” Gregory stated, eyes narrowed.  
“And I wasn’t, then.  I still had one last exam to write, which I passed a week ago.  Doctor Holidran assigned me to take care of you, Commander.”
“Casper sent you?” Gregory asked in disbelief.  “You’re only a journeyman.”
“And?” she countered.  “I’m also a neuroscientist, and since your problem is all in your head, I’m the best one to try and help you.”
Gregory grimaced at her play on words.  
“Why did you kiss me?” she asked again.
“I...”  He blinked, not sure how to answer that.  “I was dreaming and I thought you were someone else.”
“The queen?”
Gregory winced, but again tried to cover his discomfort with anger.  “You don’t know anything about what’s happening here, Sergeant,” he insisted.
The doctor crossed her arms under her breasts, drawing Gregory’s eyes until he pulled them away to lock his gaze on her face.  It was obvious to him that his libido was still in overdrive, likely the result of excess energy in his aura if his discussions with Casper had revealed anything.
“I know that you were the queen’s bonded partner for nine years, and I know that you are having a difficult time recovering from the breaking of that bond,” the woman told him.  “I suspect that you had some sort of relationship with her Majesty, but we can talk more about that later.”
“No, I don’t think we can,” Gregory muttered.
“Why don’t you have a shower and get changed, and then I’ll give you an exam and leave you alone?” the doctor proposed, her expression becoming more gentle.  “We’re here so that you can heal, we’re alone on this little island to give you the break you need from the minds of others, and the rest can wait until tomorrow.”
Gregory stood and watched as the young doctor moved to the door to retrieve his bag.  Handing it over, she smiled.  “I’ll wait here.”
Muttering under his breath, Gregory made his way over to the bathroom.  Dropping his bag on the floor, he turned on the water in the shower and let it run for a few moments to warm up as he stripped his clothing off.  His dick was still standing at rigid attention, and stepping under the spray, he briefly thought about putting himself out of his misery.  As he washed quickly, he decided against it.  He knew what the problem was, and he figured that the doctor could take care of it.  Gregory towelled himself dry and then dressed in some clean clothing.
“Hey, Doc.  Can you do anything about the excess energy in my aura?” he asked as he walked back into the bedroom.  “It’s been a few days since it was last drained, and it’s making me twitchy.” 
The doctor narrowed her eyes, an expression Gregory recognized from seeing Casper do it when he looked at auras.  When she pursed her lips with displeasure, Gregory suspected that he was out of luck.  
“I can’t siphon the energy off like master-ranked Elementalists apparently can,” Doctor Conterra said, “but I can use the energy to heal the new bruises you just gave yourself and to conduct your examination instead of using the equipment.  Why don’t you lay down and relax?”
Gregory did as he was bid, part of him curious to see the woman work.  She’d done an okay job with Jessa when last they’d met, and he knew that Casper wouldn’t have sent someone who wasn’t competent.  She was still an unknown, however.
“What’s your name?” he asked as he watched her step closer to the bedside.
“Pardon?”
“Your name?  What people call you?  It might get tiresome calling you Doctor or Sergeant.”
“Oh.  Terese.  My name is Terese.”
Gregory nodded and closed his eyes, waiting for the tingling sensation that would herald the healing of his bruises.  When nothing came, he opened his eyes to find Terese looking at him expectantly.
“Yes?”
“You asked me for my name,” she said.  “Aren’t you going to tell me yours, Commander?”
“Don’t you know it already?  I thought it would be in my file.”
“Of course it’s in your file,” Terese stated.  “It would be rather rude of me to call you Gregory without your permission though, wouldn’t it?”
“How about you just call me Commander,” he said with a smirk.
Terese let out an exasperated sound and then began her examination.  He could feel the energy leave his aura as she used it to work on him, and as the energy drained away, so did a lot of the sexual tension he was feeling.  With a sigh, he fully relaxed for the first time since waking.
When the exam was complete, Terese declared him physically healthy and turned to leave.  
“That’s it?” Gregory asked.
“Yup,” she confirmed.  “I told you we could take care of everything else in the morning.  Feel free to look around, read the manual that’s apparently around here somewhere, and have something to eat.  I’ll be in the other cabin if you need me, and I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Gregory followed Terese as she left his room and made her way toward the door.  He could see the other cabin just a few feet away, and he watched as she walked up the steps and slipped inside.  Still trying to find his footing in this new location, Gregory turned away from the door and started to explore his new space, trying not to think about tomorrow.  He was pretty sure he wasn’t going to like what the next day would bring.



Chapter 4
Terese woke to find the sun high in the sky, high enough that the beams were just starting to slant into her bedroom.  She rolled over with a groan, burying her face into the pillow beneath her head.  She must have needed rest far more than she’d thought.
“Time?” she asked, her voice thick with sleep.
“For what location?” the computer asked in its neutral voice.
“Here!” Terese growled.
“The planet Miralea rotates on a twenty-four hour cycle,” the computer told her.  “In the medical sector of the planet, where you are currently located, it is currently five point seven minutes before the twelfth hour.”
With a long suffering sigh, Terese rolled out of bed, noticing for the first time that she’d fallen asleep still wearing the clothes she’d changed into after her shower the night before.  Muttering self-depreciating comments under her breath, Terese dug another set of clean clothing out of her bag before heading into the bathroom to clean up and change.  
“Twenty-four hours here versus thirty hours per day at home,” she thought out loud.  “With two days lost for travel, then that leaves twelve Erumari days, which equals fifteen Miralean days.  Fifteen days to see what I can do with Commander Feulion.”
After slipping into a red tank top and a pair of black shorts, she brushed out her tangled blond hair, brushed her teeth and went out into the kitchen.  The first thing Terese noticed when she glanced out the window was Gregory sitting on the dock, his feet in the purple water of the ocean as he stared down into the shallows there.  He was wearing only a pair of dark shorts, his back facing the sun and his skin starting to burn from the hot rays.  She had no idea if he was looking at anything in particular, and she had no idea how long he’d been there, but she guessed he likely hadn’t eaten or had anything to drink recently, so she grabbed a couple of bottles of something from the cold storage unit in the kitchen and made her way outside.
She wasn’t really sure where she stood with the man.  Between their initial encounter on Acaria, and then the way he’d kissed her the night before – albeit while thinking she was another woman – Terese hadn’t experienced any of the usual interactions two people generally shared when first meeting each other.  Granted, she was his doctor, which lent a certain formality to their relationship, but it was hard to be entirely at a distance when the commander already had her a little off balance.
Pausing at the end of path, Terese took a few moments to really get a good look at her patient.  His hair was a little long, a little shaggy, and she could see that he’d shaved this morning, the lack of scruff revealing a handsome face with a strong chin and a slightly hooked nose.  His chest and back showed a few scars, and as Doctor Holidran had mentioned, he was in excellent physical shape.  Deciding to test the extent of his sensitivity to the thoughts of others, Terese dropped her shields, watching him immediately stiffen and turn to look in her direction.  She shifted her shields back into place, saluted him with the bottles in her hand, and stepped out onto the dock.
“Mornin’ Doc,” he greeted her when she was near.
“Good afternoon, Commander,” Terese replied with a smile.  “Can I sit?”
Gregory shrugged, which she decided to interpret as acceptance, and she handed him a bottle as she took a seat beside him.  Dangling her legs over the side of the dock, she smiled at the warmth of the water as it caressed her skin.
“How long have you been out here?” she asked, looking him over.  Again, he answered her with a shrug.
“Talkative, I see,” Terese observed wryly.  “You’re still very sensitive to the thoughts of others.  You noticed me as soon as I dropped my shields, and I was still a good distance away.  Were you able to tell what I was thinking at all?”
“No, nothing specific,” Gregory told her, still looking down into the water.  “It feels like someone is pushing on me, sort of like I’m standing in a doorway and someone’s trying to push their way past.  It’s a strange sensation to have inside your head.”
“So what were you doing out here?” Terese asked.  “Have you gone for a swim?”
“I was in the water before, but now I’m just thinking.”
“About what?”
Gregory looked over at her.  “Are you a neuroscientist or a psychologist?  ‘Cause I’ve never met a brain doctor so interested in getting someone to talk.”
“And have you met many brain doctors?” she asked with a smile.  “Honestly though, I’m a little bit of both.  You have to study more than one sub-category of medicine before choosing a specialty, and I studied neuroscience, psychology and emergency medicine.  So, what were you thinking?”
“How’s my aura?” he asked instead.
The question seemed a little odd to Terese, but she narrowed her eyes to take a look.  As soon as she shifted her sight into the spectrum that she and other Life Elementalists used to see energy fields around living things, she was surprised by how brightly Gregory’s aura was glowing.
“Wow,” she breathed.
“Running hot, I take it?” the commander asked sardonically.  “I figured.”
“What made you think that?”
“What I was thinking about.”
“Well that’s a circular conversation if I’ve ever had one,” Terese commented with a sigh.  “It will be a lot easier to help you if I know everything that’s going on in that head of yours, Commander.”
Gregory shifted uncomfortably, obviously not wanting to reveal his thoughts.  
“Does this have something to do with you kissing me last night?” she prompted.
“I’m sorry about that, by the way,” he told her, glancing at her quickly before turning his gaze back to the water.  “I’m not that sort of guy.”
“What sort is that?”
“The sort who attacks women.”
Terese laughed.  “I didn’t feel attacked.  I was just... surprised.  I’ve never had a patient toss me onto a bed and kiss me before.”
“Well, regardless, I’m sorry.  I’ll try not to let it happen again.”
“That’s an odd way to phrase it.  You’ll try not to let it happen.  That implies you don’t have full control over your actions.  Is that true, Commander?”
“You’re not going to let up, are you?”
“This is my job, Sir, so no, I’m not going to let up.”
Gregory sighed and then pushed himself to his feet.  Terese watched him get up, her eyes travelling down his body as it moved through her field of vision.  Licking her lips, she took in his broad chest, toned abs, and narrow waist until her gaze was drawn to his groin and the very obvious erection he was sporting.
“Oh, my.”
“You asked what I was thinking,” he commented wryly.  “Well, now you have a general idea.”
“And this has something to do with your aura and your inability to control your actions,” Terese stated, professional curiosity getting the better of her.  
“Come on,” Gregory said, gesturing for her to stand.  “Let’s go talk out of the sun.”
Terese pushed herself up and followed, admiring the commander’s tight ass despite herself.  He was an attractive man, but she was his doctor, and she mentally gave herself a good, hard slap.  Thoughts like this were entirely inappropriate, and she vowed to let her appreciation end here.  Gregory led them to his cabin, taking a seat on one of the chairs on the shaded porch, Terese moving another chair to face him before sitting herself.  Taking a drink from the bottle in her hand, she looked him over.
“So when your aura gets filled beyond your basic capacity, you have erotic thoughts,” she stated.  “If you’re not fully awake, you have a tendency to act on those thoughts, like last night.  Does that summarize the problem?”
“Yes and no,” Gregory said.  “They’re not thoughts so much as memories.”
“Erotic memories of you and...  Of you and the queen?” Terese asked, her eyes wide.  “I figured there was some sort of relationship, but I wasn’t thinking that.”
“Because you’re just a journeyman,” he told her.  “When you’re a master, you’ll understand.”
“When I’m a master-ranked Elementalist, I’ll understand why you have erotic memories of the woman who was your partner,” she repeated, disbelieving.  
“Stop looking at me like that!” Gregory spat, turning his body to the side and away from her direct look.
“Like what?”
“Like I’m some sort of... degenerate.  Last time I checked, there was nothing wrong with having a physical relationship with a beautiful woman.”
“I’m sorry,” Terese apologized.  “This is just a little much to take in.  I mean, a physical relationship sure, but she’s the queen.”
“When I first met her, she was nothing but another grunt in the Protectorate, albeit a particularly talented Elementalist with an Air affinity.  She was never a princess, even if that’s what her technical birthright was.”  Gregory paused for a moment.  “She was young and vibrant, and it was easy to...”
“Easy to fall in love with her,” Terese said softly, starting to understand the root of the problem.  It wasn’t just the psychic bond being broken, but the relationship itself.  She’d never really paid all that much attention to the coming and goings of the royal family, but based on what little she knew and the stories she’d heard about the queen’s revolving set of men, Terese didn’t expect that the romantic aspects of the relationship went both ways.  Gregory had certainly loved the queen to an extent, but Jessa...  Chances were she hadn’t returned the feelings, at least not to the same degree.  This was more of a mess than she’d thought.
Terese stood, putting her drink down on the arm of her chair before crossing the distance between them.  She made sure to keep her eyes on the commander’s face, her expression professional.
“Let’s take care of that aura of yours,” she suggested.  “I’m sure you’ll be more comfortable.”
She didn’t wait for his permission, taking this on as a medical concern.  Gregory’s inability to rid himself of the excess energy in his aura was certainly causing him distress, and it was delaying the complete dissolution of his bond to the queen.  Reaching out, she ran her fingers lightly over his aura, making him shiver and gasp beneath her touch.
“Gods!” he exclaimed.  “What are you doing?”
“Haven’t you ever had anybody stroke your aura before?” she asked, and he shook his head.  “Well that’s what you get for only dealing with masters.  At my current power level, I need to touch the energy to manipulate it.  You’re overly full of energy though, so it’s making you sensitive.”
Gathering some of the excess energy around her hands, Terese guided it into the injured skin cells on his back, healing them of the sunburn he’d managed to give himself.  The burn was bad enough that it used a good amount of the excess, but not all of it.  Reluctantly, she let go of his aura, watching him slump a little with relief.
“Why didn’t it feel like that last night?” Gregory asked after he’d taken a few deep breaths.  “That felt... amazing.”
Terese smiled and shrugged.  “I did exactly the same thing last night, so I guess you weren’t paying attention.  You did have other things on your mind, after all.  Now, there’s still some excess energy in your aura, and I think we’re going to need to drain it off a couple times per day, just to keep you level.  Tonight, before you go to sleep, I want to run a brain scan, if that’s okay with you.”
“There’s a machine for that hidden here somewhere?” Gregory asked.  “I looked around and didn’t see anything like that.”
Terese laughed.  “I’ll do the scan myself, thank you very much.  I have a different idea of what I’m looking for than a machine would.  You’ve had plenty of the normal kind of scans while you were under Doctor Holidran’s care.”
“So you’re going to do something abnormal to me?” Gregory asked, his lips twitching up into the first smile she’d seen on his face.
“It’ll feel good,” she promised with a wink.  “Get some lunch.  I’m going to do the same, and I’ll see you tonight.”
“That’s it?” he asked, smile widening.  “A conversation, some aura stroking and an appointment for ten hours or so in the future?  You must be the easiest doctor in the world to live with.”
“Don’t get used to it,” Terese said as she turned to walk away.  “As I figure out more pieces to your puzzle, Commander, you’ll have to deal with me more often, don’t worry.”



Chapter 5
Gregory watched his doctor walk away from him, his head full of confused thoughts.  Terese Conterra was unlike anyone he’d ever met, sure of herself when they were talking medicine, but oddly shy when the conversation had brushed briefly across the topic of sex.  He wasn’t sure if it was the sex in general or the fact that it was sex with their current monarch that made her uncomfortable, but either way, he found it rather sweet.  She was so young!  Not in age, not exactly, though he pegged her at about five years younger than he was.  It was more like young in attitude, a little naive.  Doctor Terese Conterra was in for one hell of a surprise when she attained enough power for a bonded partner of her own.
Standing, he made his way into his kitchen, determined to follow the doctor’s orders and find himself something to eat.  He’d grabbed some fruit from the bowl on the table this morning, and really had no idea what else was available.  Now that he wasn’t so consumed by thoughts of sex, he was ready to attend to other appetites.  
Gregory spent some time on a systematic search of the food preparation area, finding all sorts of things in the cupboards and the cold storage unit.  Most of it was healthy, which made sense considering this part of the planet was for medical patients, but there were a few treats as well.  Making himself a sandwich with a variety of meats and vegetables, he grabbed another drink and went back out to the porch to eat.  There was a very pleasant breeze, and he closed his eyes to enjoy it as he chewed his food slowly, enjoying that too.  
He must have drifted off to sleep, because a splash woke him and brought him sitting upright.  Immediately on alert, his eyes scanned the beach area and the dock, but only the tiniest of waves marred the surface of the ocean.  The sound of splashing came again, and Gregory stood and stepped down onto the path between the cabins, following the trail around toward the back of the buildings.
A short distance along, the path curved and went to a gate in a head-high wall.  Pushing the gate open, Gregory stepped into a garden, complete with a gazebo and a pool.  The splashing was coming from the pool, and after determining that the lovely young doctor was swimming laps, he backed out of the garden and turned away.
Realizing that there was more to this island than just the blue sand beach with its oddly soothing purple water, Gregory set out to explore.  Adjacent to the garden wall was a shed, which revealed a medical transport pod along with fishing rods, an extra engine crystal for the boat, some gardening equipment, and miscellaneous things like a saw, some rope, and other odds and ends.  Continuing his exploration, Gregory wandered into a lightly wooded area, something like a tamed forest for hiking.  It was nice in the shade, and he was more than willing to follow the path he found himself on.  Walking along aimlessly, admiring the greens, blues and yellows of the plants and flowers, he thought about nothing more complicated than putting one foot in front of the other.  It was nice really, being away from the Protectorate and away from Jessa... and Karim.  He gave himself a shake and kept walking.
Reaching the end of the small forest, Gregory found himself on a cliff above the ocean.  It wasn’t very far down, the purple water rippling gently against the rock, and on a spur of the moment decision, he gathered himself and leapt down into the water.  The dive wasn’t clean, and his stomach took most of the impact, but the water was cool and Gregory started to swim around the curve of the island back toward the dock.
~§~§~§~
Terese felt a million times better after her workout.  As a soldier, she was used to a certain amount of physical activity on a regular basis, and she’d maintained that despite the rigors of medical school.  A couple of days on the transport had thrown her schedule out of sync, and so when she’d found the pool, a bout of exercise was just what she needed.
Now, pulling herself from the water, she felt pleasantly tired.  Her muscles were just starting to hit that point when her arms and legs didn’t really want to support her weight or move properly, and she smiled as she walked around to the beach and spread a blanket on the pale blue sand.  Now, it was time for her to try to add some colour to her pale skin.  Oh, she knew that sunbathing wasn’t the safest of things, but just an hour or so wouldn’t hurt her.  Lying down on her back, she closed her eyes and started to run through her treatment plan for the commander.
As she listened to the waves lap at the beach, Terese noticed that they were increasing in frequency and getting louder.  Wondering if there was a boat or something farther out causing the change in the surf, she propped herself up on her elbows to look.  What she saw made her gasp.
The sky in the east, back toward the mainland and the med centre, was filled with roiling purple-black clouds.  As she watched, the breeze picked up into a wind and she noticed a few flashes of lightning.
“Commander!” Terese called as she pushed herself up and picked up her blanket.  “There’s a storm moving in!”
Throwing her blanket over her arm, she jogged up the beach to Gregory’s cabin.  “Commander?”
When she didn’t receive an answer, Terese walked into the cabin and looked around quickly.  Seeing that she was alone, she tapped into the island’s power grid and cast out her senses, looking for a large energy signature.  Finding him to the north, she dropped her blanket and set out at a run, partially concerned and partially curious.  As far as she knew, there wasn’t anything he could have gotten into that would be dangerous, but with the storm moving in, it was better to be safe than sorry.
Jogging through a small, manicured forest, Terese came to the edge of a fairly steep cliff.  At the bottom, just walking out of the water and onto a small, protected, crescent-shaped beach, was Gregory.  
“Commander?  Is everything alright?” she called, leaning over the edge of the cliff and looking down at him.
“Aside from the storm moving in, yeah, everything’s fine.”  He looked around at the walls of stone rising a good ten or twelve feet above his head.  “I figured with the lightning I could see, I should get out of the water, but this is not the most convenient of places, is it?”
“Can you climb up?” Terese asked.  “I can go get the rope out of the shed.”
“I’m not wearing any shoes or anything,” Gregory stated.  “Not sure if that will make climbing easier or harder.”
“At least I can heal any lacerations on your feet,” she countered.  “It’s a lot harder to heal you if you get electrocuted.”  As if to punctuate her statement, lightning flashed and was followed by a loud crash of thunder a breath later.
“Climbing it is,” Gregory said, reaching for the rock.  “Hurry with the rope, okay?”
Terese turned back toward the cabins, running quickly.  It was getting darker as the clouds reached the island, and she had to slow a little to avoid running into a tree.  Her own feet were bare, and she felt the occasional stab of pain as she ran, unable to see exactly where she was putting her feet, but she could heal her minor wounds later.
Reaching the shed, Terese pulled the door open and flicked on the light.  As the dimness was chased away by the mellow, diffused light, she located the rope quickly and pulled it from the hook on the wall.  As she moved to flip the light back off, another crash of thunder sounded and the lights flickered and went out.
“Lovely,” she muttered as she pushed the door closed.  “There goes the power grid.”
The wind was whipping the leaves and branches back and forth, and rain was starting to fall, making a pattering sound on the foliage as she jogged back to the cliff and the commander.  Tying one end of the rope around a good-sized tree, she leaned forward to see where Gregory was and to announce her return.
“How’re you doing down there, Commander?” she called.  “Ready for the rope yet?”
Gregory looked up at her, his dark eyes catching the light as another flash of electricity lit up the sky.  His feet were about five feet up from the sand of the beach, leaving him another ten feet or so until he reached her.  “A rope would be lovely, Doctor.  This rock is surprisingly slippery when wet.”
Terese smiled and tossed the end of the rope down beside him, and then swung it sideways so he could grab it.  Gregory wrapped the rope around his waist and tied it off, just in case he slipped, and then he resumed his climb, using a combination of handholds on the rock and the rope to help his ascent.  It didn’t take long until he was within reach of the hand she extended toward him.
The rain was pounding now, both of them slick with the water sheeting down around them, and as Gregory grabbed Terese’s hand, his grip on the cliff slipped.  Terese tightened her hold on his other hand convulsively and gave a yank, determined to get him up over the lip and to safety before he could slip farther.  Gregory pushed off with his legs at the same time, and Terese found herself falling over backward, the commander landing on top of her.
“Here we are again,” she laughed, suddenly very aware of his mostly naked body pressed against her mostly naked body and trying to cover her discomfort.  “Twice in twenty-four hours, I find you atop me.”
Gregory blushed, the rise of colour visible in the flash of lightning, and he pushed himself away.  “This is hardly my fault,” he stated as he untied the rope from around his waist.  He offered her a hand and helped her to her feet.  “Come on, let’s get home and into some dry clothes.”
Reaching the cabins, Terese was surprised to notice that Gregory seemed to expect the lack of power.  He moved around the sitting area of his cabin confidently, locating lanterns powered by small energy crystals and self-contained batteries.
“The power grid went down just after I grabbed the rope,” Terese provided, and he nodded.
“It’s a safety feature,” he told her, setting lanterns around the room to cast a cheerful glow.  “You wouldn’t want to see the explosion a crystal power grid makes if hit by lightning.”
She nodded and wrapped her arms around herself as she moved to the kitchen windows to look out over the storm-tossed ocean lit by frequent lightning flashes.  Now that she wasn’t moving, she was starting to feel cold, soaked and dressed only in a bikini.
“Here,” she heard as Gregory wrapped her discarded blanket around her shoulders.  “You’re shivering.”
He let his hands rest on her shoulders for a heartbeat before moving away, and she turned away from the storm to look at him.
“This really came in out of nowhere,” Terese commented.  “Is there a regular storm season here, and are we in it?”
Gregory looked around, spotted a binder on the counter and picked it up.  Leafing through the pages, he found an entry and read aloud.
“The stormy season on Miralea happens three times each year, as the planet passes closest to the three suns in the system.  The storms, which usually last for three to four hours at a time, bring torrential downpours and up to gale-force winds.  Your cabins are built to withstand these things, so there is no reason to be worried.  The stormy seasons each last for approximately ten days.”
“Does it give calendar dates for the seasons?” she asked.  “I’m assuming that this is, in fact, a stormy season, but are we at the beginning of it or at the end?”
“Chances are more likely that we’re somewhere in the middle,” Gregory commented with a smirk.  “And no, there is no calendar of dates.  I’m going to go put some clothes on, and then I’ll be back.  You mentioned something about a brain scan, I believe?”
~§~§~§~
Gregory walked into his room and shut the door, leaning against it and taking a deep breath.  He had no idea what was wrong with him, but he suspected that a brain scan would be an excellent idea.  Doctor Conterra could pull energy from his aura, and maybe he’d get his libido back under control for the second time today.  This was starting to become ridiculous.
Shaking his head, Gregory walked to his bag and rummaged through it, looking for something to wear that wouldn’t reveal how turned on he was right now.  He hadn’t been asleep or lost in thought this time around, but seeing the doctor in that tiny bikini, feeling her body under him in the rain...  If he wasn’t running hot, if this reaction wasn’t the result of whatever was fried in his brain, he was going to have a lot of trouble over the next couple of weeks.  It was funny, really.  He wouldn’t have thought that tiny blonds were his type, but his current state told him otherwise.  He certainly couldn’t blame his aching cock on Jessa this time around, other than maybe as an accessory to his recent celibacy.  Her meeting Karim had effected his life in more than one way…
Pulling a shirt over his head and zipping his pants up, Gregory padded barefoot back out into the sitting area.  Terese was curled up on one of the couches, her blanket wrapped around her in such a way that all he could see was her head, one hand, and a few toes that poked out of the enveloping material.  She was gazing out the windows once again, seemingly mesmerized by the storm.  He took a few moments to just look at her, admiring her profile and the way her blond hair curled around the tiny ear he could see.  The lovely doctor looked more like a child sitting as she was, but he knew she was most certainly a woman, with curves in all the right places.  Gregory shook his head again and moved into the room.
“So, how is this brain scan going to work?” he asked, drawing her attention.  “And do you want to run across to your cabin to get changed first?”
“I’ll just get soaked again coming back,” she said with a shake of her head.  “There wouldn’t be much point.”
“Hold on then.  I’ll grab you something to throw on.”
Gregory returned to his room and grabbed a shirt from the top of his bag, handing it to her a few moments later.  He forced himself to return her smile as she stood and let the blanket drop to the cushion, revealing her well-proportioned, fit body to his hungry gaze once more.  It wasn’t much of a relief when his shirt dropped down over her either, the hem coming to midway down her thigh.  It was actually more enticing to see her in his clothing.  He swallowed and moved to the other side of the coffee table to sit down the other couch.
“What are you doing over there?” she asked with a smile.  “I can’t do your scan if you’re on the other side of the room.”
“You can’t?” he asked, his voice sounding a little strangled to his ears.  He wasn’t at all certain he’d be able to control himself if she touched him right now.  “Why not?”
Terese narrowed her eyes, looking him over.  “I don’t currently have the power level to manipulate energy at a distance.”
“Are you sure?  When was the last time you tried?”
That question made her sit back, and Gregory watched ideas flit across her face.  After a few minutes of silence, he watched her close her eyes and felt the shiver of her psychic touch across his aura.  He bit his lip to hold back a moan as spikes of pleasure radiated through his body.  Gregory was surprised by the sensation, having expected a feeling more like when Jessa had touched his aura so many times in the past.  This contact was different, intimate, and he felt his cock jump in his pants almost as if anticipating... something.
“I did it!”
“That’s great,” he told her with a tight smile.  “Now, about that brain scan...”
“Are you okay, Commander?” she asked.  “You look... distressed.”
“I’m fine,” he insisted.  “Just... wound a little tight.”
“Oh!”  
He watched Terese close her eyes again, the feeling of her brushing against his aura coming a few moments later.  This time Gregory couldn’t hold back a soft groan as pleasure reverberated through him, but the sensation was fortunately short lived as she pulled energy away from his overly full aura.
“I need you to think about what you had to eat today,” Terese said.
“Excuse me?”
“I’m trying to get a base line of how the neurons in your brain fire when you’re remembering things,” the doctor told him.  “So, what did you have to eat today?”
Gregory thought about the fruit from this morning, and the sandwich at lunch.  
“Good.  Now, think about the Protectorate and your role in it,” Terese directed.
He turned his mind to working his way up the ranks, receiving his first commission and the conversation he’d had a few days ago with General Triaka.  Despite his best efforts, thoughts of Jessa wormed their way in.
“Now I need you to concentrate just on the queen,” the doctor said.
“I’m not sure that’s a good idea,” Gregory protested for the first time.  He was finally starting to think with his head instead of his dick, and he didn’t want to encourage unprofessional thoughts.
“Regardless, Commander, that’s what I need you to do,” came the answer, Terese’s tone of voice telling him that she wasn’t going to accept any argument.  Gregory sighed and did what he was told.
Images of Jessa laid out before him immediately sprang to mind, that particular choice of image telling him that despite the pull on his aura, he was still horny.  His mind skirted away from what had happened between them, proving that he still had at least some control, and Gregory turned his thoughts instead to some of the missions he’d worked as Jessa’s second-in-command.
“Good,” Terese told him.  “Now just relax.  I’m going to try something.”
Gregory laid his head back against the cushion and waited, suddenly feeling more tired than anything else.  Happy that he was apparently regaining control of his body’s more... primitive functions, he started to think about what he could make them for dinner.  It seemed like the least he could do considering—  
With a sudden ripping pain through his mind, Gregory cried out and collapsed, unconscious.



Chapter 6
 “Shit!”
Terese was up off the couch and over the coffee table in a heartbeat, getting to Gregory’s side fast enough to catch him before he slid all the way to the floor.  She hadn’t meant to hurt him, and had no idea what had just gone wrong.
Her mind running in panicked circles, she reached out for his aura only to find it finally back in balance.  With another curse, she pulled on her own stored energy and dropped her consciousness into his mind, seeking the pathways she’d just tweaked.
The scan she’d done had allowed her to pinpoint exactly the part of his brain that was most tied to the broken bond, the memories of Jessa making the damaged neurons flare in a way that was similar to an electrical short, the energy sending sparks in all directions instead of smoothly along the neural pathway.  Seeing where the breaks were, and that there were multiple damaged neurons, all she’d thought was to try to heal them, the same way she’d heal any other injury.  Obviously, her touch hadn’t been delicate enough.
Reaching the section of the commander’s mind that she wanted, Terese noticed that there were little psychic burn marks around the damaged neurons, as if the energy she’d fed into them as part of the healing process had backfired.  Wondering if it was because the energy was his own, or because of the nature of the damage, Terese healed the small burns and then withdrew from his mind.
Standing, she adjusted Gregory’s body more comfortably on the couch, and then spread her blanket over him.  She knew that she was lucky she hadn’t caused more damage, and Terese was grateful for small blessings.  Sinking down to the floor beside his head, she brushed his hair back and used a little more of her energy to check his vital signs.  When satisfied that everything was as it should be, Terese laid her head on her arm to wait for him to wake on his own.  She realized that was a mistake a heartbeat later, as her eyes grew heavy and drooped closed.  She’d used energy from her aura to heal the damage she’d caused, and now her body was insisting that she rebalance her aura in the only way it could, by sending her to sleep.
~§~§~§~
Gregory woke feeling odd.  He was laying on his back, one arm tucked under his head and his other arm completely numb.  Turning his head to the left, he saw that Terese was asleep, sitting on the floor and using his arm as a pillow.  
“Doctor!” he called.  “Terese!  Wake up!”
When his words elicited no response, Gregory slowly pulled his other arm from under his head and brought it around to nudge her.  When that also didn’t get her to wake, he pinched her arm, hard enough that it would likely leave a bruise.
“What the hell happened?” he asked the room at large.  He recognized the dead-to-the-world sleep as what happened when an Elementalist badly unbalanced their aura, and he knew that there likely wasn’t anything he could do to help speed up the process.  He tried though, bundling the energy in his aura like he’d been taught and pushing it toward Terese.  Gregory hit a psychic wall though, the doctor not at all receptive to getting energy from him.  
“What time is it?” Gregory called, and the computer answered.
“It is now half-past the twentieth hour of the day.”
He hadn’t been certain that the power had come back on yet, but he wasn’t at all surprised that it was now late into the evening.  
“Lights on, please,” he directed as he pulled his arm slowly out from under the doctor’s head.  Gregory sat for a moment, blinking to wake up fully and massaging his arm to get the blood flowing again.  Grimacing against the pins and needles feeling of returning circulation, he crouched down and picked up Terese’s limp body.  Carrying her into the bedroom, he laid her on the bed, pulled a light blanket over her, and then retired to the kitchen to make some food.
Walking up to the table, Gregory stopped.  The basket of fruit on the table was different, and there was a note waiting beside it.
In light of the power outage associated with the most recent storm, we have replaced all of the perishable food in the cold storage unit.  Everything currently available to you is safe to eat.
There was no signature, but Gregory knew that it had come from the med centre personnel, though he couldn’t say for certain if it was military or medical personnel who’d been here.  Either way, it was rather embarrassing to know that there’d been someone here to witness him passed out on the couch with his doctor asleep on the floor beside him, seemingly dressed only in his shirt...  Lovely impression there.
“Computer, how long ago did the power come back on?”
“The power grid cycled back on twenty-one hours and seventeen minutes ago,” the computer told him.
Gregory slumped into a chair at the table, astounded.  He... they’d been asleep for more than a day!  What the hell had happened to him that would result in Terese draining herself so far that she needed a full day of sleep to rebalance?  Hell, she was lucky she hadn’t slipped into a coma, but her journeyman rank protected her mind from pushing herself that far.  Master-ranked Elementalists didn’t have that built-in protection, a fact that he knew intimately from the number of times he’d had to save Jessa from herself during their time together.
Pushing himself back up, Gregory went to the storage unit and pulled out something to cook.  He was suddenly ravenous, and he knew from dealing with Jessa’s rebalancing in the past that Terese would be more than ravenous when she roused.  In fact, knowing now how long she’d been out, chances were that the smell of the food would wake her.
The meat was simmering in juices and wine on the cook top and he’d just finished tossing some vegetables in a dressing he’d whipped up when Terese clearing her throat brought him around to face her.  She was leaning against the wall, looking sexy as hell in his shirt, but the way her eyes were narrowed as she looked at him told Gregory that she wasn’t really looking at him at all... it was more like into him.
“Do I pass muster?” he asked, placing the vegetables on the table between the pair of plates he’d laid out.
“Mostly,” she told him after a few moments.  “You’re running hot again though.”
“I don’t doubt it,” Gregory confirmed.  “We were unconscious for more than a day, which is a lot of time for my aura to pick up energy.  That does make me wonder what, exactly, you did to me, my dear doctor.”
Terese blushed, and he noted that the heightened colour brought out the lovely hazel of her eyes.  Turning away from her, Gregory pulled their dinner from the heat and slid it onto a plate to bring to the table.  When he turned back, he was startled to find Terese right behind him, close enough to touch.
“What are you doing?” he gasped, taking a step back.
“Why are you so nervous around me?” Terese asked, taking a step back herself.  “Is it because I knocked you out for a day, because that was an accident, and I fixed the damage...” 
Gregory shook his head.  “It’s not that,” he stated, swallowing.
She tilted her head to look at him quizzically.  “You’re not remembering anything right now, not caught up in a memory, which is the usual reason you’ve acted so jumpy.  What’s wrong?”
Gregory swallowed.  “I’m running hot, as you pointed out, and it seems that now... now that I have someone else who I can focus on, I no longer need thoughts of the queen to... excite me.”
“I see,” Terese said, looking him over in a detached way that he could only describe as professional.  She glanced away to peer at the table and the meal that awaited them.  “I’m afraid that there isn’t anything I can do about your aura, unless you’d like to take a knife and cut your hand or something, but I see that you’ve prepared a lovely meal and I’m starving.  Can we eat, or should I leave?”
“We can eat,” Gregory said quickly, walking to the table and placing the last dish down.  He sat and gestured for her to join him.  “It would be a shame to let this go to waste, and I know that you need to replenish yourself.”
Terese nodded and sat opposite him.  “I’m sorry that I’m making you uncomfortable,” she said with another blush.  “Is there anything I can do to avoid that?”
You could wear bulky clothing, or hide in your cabin, Gregory thought to himself, knowing that neither idea was practical.  He shrugged instead.
“I’m sorry.”
“There’s nothing to be sorry for,” Gregory pointed out.  “If I was just a normal man, and not this odd broken version of myself, the thoughts and feelings I’m having would just be normal – a normal reaction to a lovely woman.”
“But?”
“But I’m not normal, am I, Doctor?  I’m trapped in this hell where I don’t know if what I’m feeling is real or a figment of a short circuiting brain.  It’s putting me off balance.”
Terese put some food on her plate and took a few moments to eat, saying nothing in response to his observations.  As the silence stretched between them, Gregory stopped looking at her and turned to his dinner as well.  It was easier to examine the food than it was to look at the woman across from him.
“Short circuiting is an excellent way to describe it,” the doctor commented after a little while longer.  “When I was looking inside your mind earlier... I mean yesterday, I guess... that’s almost exactly what I saw.”
“So what happened?” 
Terese blushed once again.  “I could see where the neural pathways were acting abnormally, so I tried to heal them.  That didn’t work out so well.”
“And that’s why I blacked out?”
“Yes,” she confirmed with a nod.  “I healed the extra damage that I’d caused, which is what put me out.”
Gregory smiled.  “So you tried to heal me, and ended up frying my brain?  Perhaps you shouldn’t try that again.”
“I said I was sorry!”
“And frying a man’s brain is a very serious mistake to make, my dear doctor.  Do you have a different plan?”  Gregory found teasing Terese amusing, and it eased some of his discomfort as well.  
“Yes, I have another plan, which we can try tomorrow.
“Tomorrow then.  I’ll look forward to it.”
Gregory and Terese finished their meal in silence, and when Terese pushed her plate away, he rose and collected the dirty dishes.
“And what should we do with the rest of our evening?” he asked.  “I know that I’m not at all tired.”
Terese shook her head.  “I think I’ll head across to my cabin, if it’s all the same to you.  I need to change, and then I think I’ll update my notes and your chart.”
Gregory just nodded, and watched as the doctor left his cabin to return to her own.  He cleaned up the meal he’d made for them, and then retired to the bathroom and the shower.  After dressing once more, he took the time to unpack and put his belongings away in the dresser.  Then he went hunting for something to do until he felt like sleeping once more.



Chapter 7
The days passed in a strange mixture of paradise and hell, as far as Terese was concerned.  She didn’t have the energy or the patience to work on healing the commander all day, every day, and so their time was actually mostly spent together enjoying the sun, sand and water.  There were times when it seemed strange to her that this could even remotely be considered work, but as her frustration grew with each attempt to heal Gregory’s broken bond, part of her recognized that the downtime was necessary.  But that time spent casually in the commander’s company put a strain on her in other ways.  
Being alone on an isolated bit of island paradise with the sexy and witty Gregory Feulion was pushing Terese’s commitment to keep her patient at arm’s length.  The fact that they were so far away from anyone else made that little evil voice inside her mind prompt her with such temptation as who would ever know, and what would the harm be, really?  It didn’t help that she caught Gregory staring at her time and time again, but aside from those looks, he kept his distance, and that let her remain professional.  It was a tenuous grasp on her morals though.
“That’s it!” Terese exclaimed in frustration one sunny afternoon, standing up and beginning to pace.  “I give up!”
“Give up?” Gregory questioned.  “Why ever for?”
“It’s been a week, Commander, and I’m out of things to try.”
Terese sat down again, hanging her head in her hands, her long, blond hair swinging forward to hide her face.  Over the past several days, she’d tried using her own energy, energy fed from the power grid, and Gregory’s energy, all without success.  She’d tried coaxing new growth in the damaged neurons, tried getting new myelin coating to grow to smooth the neural pathways...  Nothing had worked, and she was out of ideas.
“I’d thought this was just a healing, but it’s not,” Terese confided, her voice heavy with defeat.  “It’s not even like re-growing a severed hand, but more like trying to re-grow an entirely new body with only a hand to start with!”
“You can do that?” Gregory asked, cutting her off before she could start on another tirade.
“What?”
“You can re-grow severed hands?”
Terese blinked, momentarily confused, but then the words she’d spoken registered and she shook her head.
“I can’t, no, but master Life Elementalists can do it.  Even Doctor Holidran can’t re-grow a body from a hand though.”
“But Casper could re-grow a hand?” Gregory asked again, and she could hear the awe in his voice.
“I have no doubt,” she confirmed.  “I’ve never seen it done, but there’s a lot I haven’t seen and yet know to be true.”
Gregory leaned back against the cushions on the couch and watched her as she straightened a little and then pulled her feet up to curl under her.  “You seem surprised,” she observed.  
“I haven’t had a lot of experience with Life Elementalists outside of a med bay,” he told her.  “I don’t really know what you can do.”
“You haven’t had a lot of experience partially because there aren’t a lot of us,” Terese said.  “It is the rarest of the affinities, only about one Life affinity for every three or four of each of the others.”
“So only one in fifteen Elementalists has a Life affinity,” Gregory stated.  
“About that.  And as for what we can do...  Let’s just say that we can literally kill with a thought.”
“Excuse me?”
“Especially now that I’ve found the ability to manipulate energy at a distance, it’s even easier,” Terese explained.  “I could stop your heart, freeze your lungs, or simply interrupt the flow of electricity through your brain and stop it all.”
“Gods,” Gregory breathed.  “I’d hate to have to go up against a Life Elementalist gone rogue.”
“We don’t go rogue.”
Gregory met her eyes, and Terese offered a reassuring smile before explaining.
“When we manifest our abilities, Life Elementalists undergo a rigorous battery of psychological testing, and we have to retake them every year.  Those of us with... inappropriate tendencies are weeded out.”
“Weeded out,” Gregory repeated.  “You mean killed, right?”
Terese nodded.  “Once our powers manifest, we are dangerous.  Even the lowest level apprentice can interrupt the flow of blood or electricity moving through a body, and it doesn’t take much of an interruption to cause serious damage.”
“Remind me not to get on your bad side, Doctor,” he said with a laugh.
Silence fell between them, each lost in their thoughts, and then Gregory spoke again.
“So what happens next?” he asked.  “If you can’t heal me, then I’m useless, aren’t I?”
She shook her head.  “Not useless, never that.  We have made some progress, at least.”
“Really?  Could have fooled me.”
Terese chuckled.  “You’ve been able to separate your thoughts and emotions from the energy in your aura, for one.  That’s important.”
Gregory rolled his eyes.  “Ah, yes.  It is important that I don’t molest random women when lost in thought.”  
The words were harsh, and Terese fought the urge to dismiss them.  “Exactly,” she agreed instead.  “At least your broken bond is no longer connected to your former partner.  I doubt I had anything to do with that though – it’s likely just the natural healing process.  That’s only part of your problem though, and that’s where we will focus our energies for our remaining days.”
“And where is that, exactly?” he wanted to know.
“We need to address the fact that you are still sensitive to the thoughts of others,” Terese explained.  “I haven’t dropped my shields in awhile, and we’ll start there to see if you’re still as sensitive as you were when we arrived here.  Then, we’ll see what we can do.”
True to her word, Terese brought her shields down before her next breath, and she watched at the commander recoiled, getting a pained look on his face immediately.
“Definitely still sensitive,” she said as she put her shields back in place.  “Let’s see if we can teach you to shield your mind from others.”
“I’m not a telepath,” Gregory stated, and she nodded.
“Elementalists aren’t telepaths either, and they can shield.  I don’t see any reason why you shouldn’t try.” 
For the rest of the afternoon, Terese tried to explain shielding using all of the different metaphors that her instructors had used when she was learning.  Traps closing, walls being built, doors shut to the outside world... none of it seemed to matter.  Finally, she slipped into his mind to see what was happening.
“Okay, try that one last time,” she encouraged him.  “I want to see what’s actually going on in your brain when you try.”
Gregory closed his eyes, and she watched and waited.  When absolutely nothing happened, Terese sighed.
“Nothing, huh?” he queried, and she shook her head.
“Not so much as a firing neuron.  Whatever it is that allows telepaths and Elementalists to shield their thoughts, you don’t have it.”
“So that’s it, then,” he stated.  “I can’t do my job if I can’t interact with people.”
Terese smiled.  “We’ll just build you a protective bubble to live in.”
“Nice.  And how am I supposed to eat, or dress, or pretty much do anything?” Gregory asked with a smile of his own.
“If the bubble’s close enough to your skin, you could put your clothes on right over it.”
He laughed out loud.  “I can see it now... Hey, Commander!  Why does your clothing float like that?”
Terese suddenly grew quiet.
“What are you thinking, Doctor?” Gregory asked after a few moments.  “You’ve got an idea.”
“Brace yourself, Commander,” she replied.  “I’m going to drop my shields again.”
As soon as her shields were down, the pained look reappeared on Gregory’s face, but this time she slipped into his mind and sought out the damaged neurons.  Carefully, Terese built a bubble around the tattered ends that marked where his psychic bond had once been, entwining her bubble with the neurons like a couple holding hands.  When she was done, she opened her eyes to see the commander staring at her.
“What did you do?” he asked softly.
“Can you feel my thoughts pressing against yours?”
He shook his head.  “I can feel something though, like something I didn’t know was missing is suddenly back.  What did you do?”
Terese smiled.  “I built a bubble around the broken end of your bond.”
“Will it stay there?  Is it permanent?”
She shrugged.  “I don’t know, honestly, but I doubt it.  I can feed it energy from your aura so that it’s self-sustaining, but I’m pretty sure I’ll need to maintain it, like any other manipulation.  If it works though, Doctor Holidran might know a way to tie it to your aura permanently.”
“If it works?  It seems to be working just fine!”
“We’ll test it tomorrow, okay?  Take the boat back to the main land and take a look around.  There are people there – patients, doctors and soldiers – and that’ll give it a good test.  We can send a message to Doctor Holidran while we’re there, and get that out of the way as well.”
“Why do we need to send a message to Casper?”
“Because, for better or worse, I’m done with you, Commander,” Terese said, making him frown.
“What do you mean, done with me?”
“I can’t heal the damaged neurons, though I can give Doctor Holidran instructions so that he can try.  If he can’t do it, nobody can, but regardless, I can’t do any more,” Terese explained.  “Your sensitivity remains, but I can shield you.  If Doctor Holidran can tie that shield to your aura, you’re basically as good as new, albeit with a semi-permanent bandage in place.  If he can’t make the shield permanent, I’m sure he can pair you with someone else who can maintain it for you.”
Gregory smiled and laid his arm across the back of his couch.  “So you’re not my doctor anymore?  Is that what you’re telling me?”
“Basically, yeah.”
Gregory’s smile widened, making Terese suddenly a little apprehensive.  
“Excellent,” he told her.
Gregory was up off of the couch and across the space that separated them in an instant.  Kneeling down, he cupped her face with his hands and pulled her toward him, his lips crushing against hers.  She stiffened and he pulled back.
“What are you doing, Commander?” Terese asked, her voice a little breathless as her pent up desires came roaring to the surface of her mind.
“Gregory,” he corrected her.  “You should call me Gregory.”
“Oh... okay.  Why were you kissing me, Gregory?”
“Because I have wanted to kiss you for days now, but I knew you wouldn’t let me,” he told her.  “Now that you’re not my doctor though...”
Gregory leaned in and pressed his lips against hers once more.  She wasn’t startled this time, and she felt herself melt against him, her arms moving around his neck with one hand tangling in his hair.  He thrust his tongue forward, and she parted her lips for him, letting her tongue tangle with his as he moved one hand to the back of her head and let the other trail down the side of her neck.
Terese shuddered at his touch, moaning softly as she slid from the couch and onto his lap, not breaking their kiss.  One of her hands started to trail down his shoulder and back, and he groaned with pleasure.  His cock was hardening, and as she straddled his hips, he shifted and rubbed himself against her, making her gasp and pull away, suddenly realizing what she was doing.  What the hell was she thinking! 
“What is it?” he asked, reluctantly loosening his hold on her.  As his arms dropped away, she scurried backward and stood.
“I’m so sorry,” Terese said, shaking her head.  “I... I’m going to go now.  We’ll head to the mainland tomorrow, okay?”
Without waiting for a reply, she fled his cabin, shifting her shields into place and dropping the bubble she’d formed in his mind.  She felt the sudden need to be alone, away from the handsome commander, and leaving part of herself inside his mind wasn’t conducive to getting away from him.
Terese had never been in a serious relationship, nothing more than a couple of dates here and there, and while she’d kissed men before, she’d never gone any farther.  Her roommate, Shannon, thought she was insane for not having lost her virginity when she was already twenty-two years old, but Terese was busy with school and work, and she wasn’t a one-night-stand kind of girl.  
She’d been struggling with her attraction, but while Gregory had been her patient, it had been easier to ignore her desire.  The fact that he found her attractive as well had come up in conversation, but he’d obeyed the no patient-doctor fraternization rule without her having to bring it up.  Now though...  
They’d test out her shielding idea tomorrow and call Doctor Holidran, and in a couple of days’ time, the handsome commander would be gone and she’d be starting her year-long assignment in the med centre.  There was no need to worry about Gregory and what she did or did not feel toward him.
She wasn’t a one-night-stand kind of girl.



Chapter 8
Gregory stood at his kitchen window watching Terese get the boat ready for their trip to the mainland.  He wasn’t quite sure how to approach her this morning, last evening not having gone the way he’d hoped.  Considering how the lovely doctor had scurried away, it was obvious to Gregory that he’d managed to offend her somehow, so he was left with a choice between apologizing for his behaviour – again – or ignoring the entire episode.  He was reasonably certain he hadn’t misread her interest in him, so Gregory opted for the latter.
Walking out onto the dock, he thought to himself that Terese looked very professional in her uniform.  Her long blond hair was twisted up into a no-nonsense bun, and her dark blue and silver uniform was pressed and clean.  The single bar of rank she wore gleamed from a recent polish, and if he hadn’t known any better, he’d never have guessed that she’d just recently replaced one of the patches on her left sleeve.  The tree in full leaf that marked her as a Life Elementalist was now positioned below a new patch showing the snake-entwined staff of a medical doctor.
“Good morning, Sergeant,” Gregory greeted her, earning him a neutral nod.  Suppressing a grimace, he gestured to himself.  “Should I change?  I’m feeling decidedly underdressed.”
Terese shook her head.  “You don’t need to be in uniform, Commander.  You’re a patient here, and not on duty.  I am on duty, however, and have been since we arrived on Miralea.”
She paused and then glanced away, a blush staining her cheeks.  “I also wanted to apologize for any less than professional behaviour, and for any... misleading comments or actions that may have led you to believe that—”
“That’s enough of that,” Gregory stated firmly, cutting her off.  “I am the one who should be apologizing, not you.”
Gregory stepped down into the boat, making the vehicle rock and causing Terese to reach out to steady herself.  He captured her outstretched hand and pulled her a little closer.
“I am exceptionally sorry for what happened last night,” he told her.  “I behaved poorly and took advantage of our rather intimate situation here on our little island, and I have made you uncomfortable.  I will endeavour to behave myself in the future.”  Gregory raised her hand to his lips and kissed the back of it gently before releasing her.
The doctor frowned.  “You’ll endeavour to behave yourself?  I thought we’d taken care of your impulse issues, Commander.”
“We did,” he assured her with a wink.  “You, however, are a very lovely woman, and I find myself attracted to you.  Is that really so strange?”
Terese blushed again, turning away from him to fiddle with the computer.  Gregory chuckled softly to himself, reasonably certain that he’d started to repair whatever damage he’d caused, and he went to untie the boat from the dock.
The trip to the mainland was quiet, and it gave Gregory a chance to reflect.  He enjoyed the view of the seemingly endless purple water, small birds wheeling above them, and he thought about his recent behaviour toward Terese and the fact that he was, for all intents and purposes, just coming out of a lengthy, if odd, relationship.  What he’d shared with Jessa had been intimate, and Gregory knew that he missed it, which led him to realize that maybe he was being incredibly unkind to Terese.  It was more than likely that what he was looking for was a sort of rebound relationship, and she deserved far more than that.
By the time the med centre came into view, perched on a cliff overlooking the docks, Gregory was resolved to keep his distance, and he turned his attention outward, examining the large building ahead.  It was built of local rock and glittered in the sunlight, making the building seem even brighter compared to the shadows cast by the trees and large flowering plants that grew nearby.  Terese pulled the boat up to the dock, cutting the engine a little distance out and letting the vehicle coast in.  When they were close enough to their destination, Gregory grabbed the mooring rope and leaped onto the dock to finish guiding the boat into place before securing it tightly.
“Doctor Conterra!” a voice hailed them as they approached the pathway leading up to med centre.  “We were concerned that there was a problem, but that obviously isn’t the case.”
Terese smiled that professional smile that Gregory was so used to.  “It’s good to see you again, Doctor Oldrick.  And you’re right – there’s no problem.”
The doctor, an older gentleman with grey hair and blue eyes nearly lost at the corners in a nest of wrinkles, turned his welcoming smile toward Gregory.
“It’s good to see you awake and mobile, Commander Feulion,” he said.  “Glad to see that you’re well on your way to being fully recovered.”
Gregory wasn’t entirely certain that he’d ever be fully recovered, but he smiled and nodded.
“We’re testing the commander’s sensitivity to the minds of others,” Terese told the older man.  “I figured that we’d start here, which will let me take a look around and get my bearings.”
“Does that mean you’ll be joining us soon?” Doctor Oldrick asked, his tone of voice hopeful, and Terese nodded.
“I’ve done all that I can for the commander,” she revealed.  “I was also planning to call Doctor Holidran while I was here, to let him know what I’ve discovered and to start the transfer process back to Erumar.”
“Excellent!  You can place the call in your office.  Just follow me.”
Gregory felt entirely superfluous as he followed Terese.  Neither of the doctors looked at him or paid him any attention at all, instead being lost in the tour of the med centre.  When they reached Terese’s new office, Gregory ducked inside just before Doctor Oldrick could close the door.
“Wow!” Terese exclaimed, a grin of delight on her face.  “Look at the view!”
Doctor Oldrick smiled.  “It is magnificent, isn’t it?  Whenever you’re not seeing patients, you can spend your time here.  The computer is linked into the medical database, so all of your charts are available, automatically synced with your tablet.  The couch pulls out into a bed too, so if you’re too tired to head back to your cabin, or if you’re here with a critically ill patient, you can still rest comfortably.”
Gregory looked around the office, taking note of the aforementioned couch and the lovely view outside of the large picture window.  The window was across from the door and spanned about half of the wall, so Terese would still easily be able to look outside when seated behind the desk, which faced the couch and the large computer screen mounted above it.  The computer screen was currently running through a series of photos, acting as ever-changing art work while it wasn’t in use.  Behind the desk was a large bookshelf, a few medical texts already there, but most of the space was empty and just waiting for Terese to add her own things.
“I’ll just leave you to place your call to Doctor Holidran, and then you can most certainly feel free to wander and take a look around,” Doctor Oldrick said as he opened the door to leave.  “We’re very excited to have you join us here, Doctor Conterra, and you’ll be the first Elementalist on staff.  Welcome to Miralea.”
When the man left, Gregory flopped down onto Terese’s couch, which was actually quite comfortable.  The movement drew her eyes to him, and he watched her frown slightly.
“How are you feeling?” she asked, eyes still narrowed a little.
Gregory paused for a moment, taken aback by the question.  “Fine,” he replied with a smile.  “I feel perfectly fine.”
 “That’s good to hear,” Terese said with a smile to match his.  “It looks like we’ve nearly figured out your puzzle, Commander.  We’ll just test the limit of the shield, and then I’ll call Doctor Holidran, and we’ll get you back to the real world as quickly as we can.”
Gregory pushed down a bubble of resentment at Terese’s desire to see him on his way, reminding himself that to her, he was nothing more than a patient.  The fact that he was needy and still obviously a bit broken was his issue, and not something that he could, or should, put on Terese’s shoulders.
“What do you mean, test the limit of the shield?” he asked.
She bit her lip as she thought for a moment, looking for the words to explain.  “The shield I put up is powered by your own aura, but needs to be minded,” she began.  “Think of it like a simmering pot of soup or something.  You can do other things around the kitchen while still paying attention to the pot, but if you get too far away, you are no longer able to keep track of it.”
Gregory nodded, understanding so far.  “So if you’re too far away, or if you become distracted by something, you think the shield will fall and then...”
“And then you’ll likely be inundated with all of the pressure of all of the thoughts of the people around you.”
“Sounds like it will be fun to test,” Gregory observed sarcastically.  “What do you need me to do, Doctor?”
“Well I already know that I don’t have to be looking at you,” Terese stated.  “You followed Doctor Oldrick and me here, and I didn’t lose track of the shield.  Most energy manipulations require a line of sight or a reasonable equivalent though, so I expect that if I head down the hall and around the corner, I’ll lose control of it.  Should I try it?”
“Might as well.  I’m going to have to know the limits at some point, aren’t I?”
“Okay.  Count out loud with me, and let me know when you feel the shield drop,” Terese said, opening the door and stepping out into the hall.  “One...two...three...”
Gregory joined her count, just waiting for the pain of all of those minds to come roaring back.  “...thirteen...fourteen...fif— There!”
Within a breath, he felt the shield go back up around his thoughts, and he breathed a sigh of relief.  Terese crossed the threshold back into the room with a smile, shutting the door once more. 
“You have a longer range than I thought,” she told him.
Gregory shook his head.  “You mean that you have a longer range than you thought.  You’re the one doing the work.”
Terese blushed.  “I guess that’s true.  That’s twice now that you’ve drawn my attention to a power level I hadn’t seriously considered.  It makes me wonder...”
“Makes you wonder what?”
“I wonder what else I can do,” she admitted.
“Well, when I first started to work with Jessa, she was able to do everything you can do, though with an Air affinity,” Gregory told her.  “She was a journeyman at the time, but it didn’t take her long to reach master rank.”
“Really?  What was the power threshold she needed?”
He met Terese’s eager gaze.  “She was able to pull power from me.”
She sat down in the chair behind the desk.  “Pulling power from a willing donor is what defines a master Elementalist,” she agreed.  “I...  I only just figured out how to manipulate energy at a distance, so I doubt I’m ready for that.”
“Would it hurt to try?”  Gregory wasn’t sure why he was pushing her, but it seemed like the right thing to do.  How would she truly know what she was capable of if she wasn’t pushing the limits?  “Why not experiment while you still have me?  Trained Reservoirs aren’t that easy to come by, you know.”
Terese bit her lip, seemingly thinking about his challenge.  “What do I do?” she asked after a few silent moments passed between them.
“How the hell should I know?” Gregory asked in reply, a smile curving his lips.  “You’re the Elementalist, not me.”
She threw her hands up in exasperation, and he pushed himself off the couch and closed the distance between them.  Taking one of her hands, he held it between both of his.
“Do you feel my aura?” he asked, and she nodded.  “We both know it’s running hot, since you haven’t had anything but this shield to draw the excess away.  So, try to pull some of the excess into your aura.”
“But I’m not out of balance,” Terese protested.
“It doesn’t matter, not really,” Gregory explained.  “You can overfill your aura a little, just to see if you can.”
“Do you... do you have to be holding my hand?”
“I have to be touching you, yes,” he told her.  “This doesn’t work without physical contact.”
Gregory wasn’t about to tell her about the varying levels of energy transfer, not wanting to scare her away.  Considering how quickly she’d fled from him the night before, she really didn’t need to know that sex was the best way to pull energy from a Reservoir.  At least she didn’t need to know that quite yet.
He felt her psychic touch brush against his aura, the ripples causing waves of pleasure to reverberate through him.  He felt her gather energy around her hand where it rested in his light grasp, but the energy didn’t move from him to her.  After a few moments, Terese sighed and pulled her hand free.
“I guess I’m not there yet,” she observed.
“Not yet,” he agreed, “but soon.”
Terese dropped her gaze and used her now free hand to key a sequence on the desk control panel.  Gregory heard the computer screen behind him flicker into activity, and he moved over to the window to get out of Terese’s direct line of sight as she opened a communication channel to Erumar.
“Doctor Conterra, how wonderful to hear from you,” Casper greeted her.  “And how is your patient doing?”
“She’s giving up on me,” Gregory answered before Terese could say anything.  He watched Casper’s gaze drift in his direction, and he winked.  “She says there’s nothing more to do with me, and she wants you to come and take me off her hands.”
“I didn’t...”  Terese trailed off, and Gregory grinned for Casper.
“See what I’ve had to put up with?” he asked.
Casper turned his head to look back at Terese.  “I can see that the commander is feeling better,” he observed.  “Would you care to comment on his treatment and progress?”
“Well... I, that is, we worked on healing the damaged neurons, but I can’t do it.  I did manage to isolate that part of the commander’s mind, however, and he’s currently using a shield powered by his own aura to be over here with others.  It’s not exactly a success, but he’s at least able to function.”  Terese sighed and rested her hands on top of her desk.  “You may be able to complete what I started, Doctor Holidran.  I know what needs to be done, but it’s beyond my abilities.”
“I see.”
Gregory watched Casper watch Terese, wondering why the woman was so self-depreciating.  She’d managed to do more than Casper had been able to, and Gregory knew that even if he’d stayed on Erumar under the head Elementalist’s care, he wouldn’t be nearly as far through his recovery as he was now. 
“I will be there in two days,” Casper told them.  “I’ll take a look at Commander Feulion at that time, and then we can discuss the next course of action.  If that is okay with you, of course, Doctor Conterra.  The commander is your patient, after all.”
“Uh, yes, Doctor, that sounds fine,” Terese said, and Gregory smiled to himself.  He was happy that Casper was being gentle with the woman, who, he remembered, had only been a full doctor for a couple of weeks.  “We’ll see you in a couple of days.”



Chapter 9
Terese dropped her bag into the boat and hopped aboard.  She could feel the smile on her face as she looked back at the cabin she’d lived in for a week and a half.  It was great to be finally starting her rotation at the med centre.
“Are you really so eager to get rid of me?” Gregory asked as he came aboard and stowed his bag under the medical transport capsule they were bringing back with them.  “I thought we’d had fun these past two days.”
Terese nodded her agreement.  “We did have fun, but now I have to get back to work, and so do you, Commander.”
After leaving the med centre following her call to Doctor Holidran, she and Gregory had returned to their island to spend a couple of days relaxing.  They’d fished and gone swimming, spent some time touring around on the boat, and enjoyed a couple of quiet meals together.  Gregory, true to his promise, had been a perfect gentleman, and Terese could see them becoming good friends if things had been different.  But his time on Miralea was up, and hers had really only just started.  Terese guessed that she’d miss the relaxing atmosphere as well as the company of the handsome man, but the real world was calling.
“Where should we stow the transport pod?” she asked as the boat eased into the mainland dock one last time.  “Do you think Doctor Holidran would have come on a medical transport?”
“I’m honestly not sure,” came the answer.  “Could we just leave it here until we know what to do with it?”
Terese shrugged.  “Why not?”
Stepping up onto the dock, she hiked her bag up on her shoulder and led the way up the path and into the med centre.  Gregory lengthened his stride to walk beside her as they moved down the corridor toward her office, his bag dangling from his hand.
“How long do you think we’ll need to wait?” Terese asked as she pushed open the door and crossed into the room.
“Not long at all,” answered a voice she recognized but hadn’t expected. 
“Casper, good to see you.”  Gregory let his bag drop onto the floor beside the office door and then crossed to the couch, hand extended toward the doctor.  Terese watched as Doctor Holidran stood, clasped the commander’s hand firmly, and then took a step back to look him over critically.
“You look a lot better than you did on Erumar,” Casper observed.  “I’m glad the good doctor took excellent care of you.”
“She did, indeed,” Gregory confirmed, making Terese blush.  The Elementalist turned his attention toward her.
“So, Doctor Conterra, would you care to explain what you discovered?” he invited, resuming his place on her couch.  He gestured for her to sit, and Gregory went to lean against the wall like he had before.  Terese sank down onto her chair and placed her hands on the desk.  The position should have made her feel more in control, being in the more prominent spot in the room, but it didn’t.  Casper Holidran was still a very intimidating man.
“Well, I managed to identify the damaged neurons, but was unable to heal them,” she began.
“And how did you do that?”
Terese blinked, surprised to have been interrupted.  “I...  Well, it occurred to me that the commander’s more extreme symptoms were linked to his memories of his former partner,” she explained, “so I looked for which neurons were firing irregularly when he thought about the queen and their time together.”
Casper leaned forward, resting his arms on his knees and clasping his hands together.  “Excellent.  And then what?”
“Then I tried to heal the broken neural connections, but only managed to cause the commander pain, knocking him unconscious the first time.  I tried several times after that, in different ways, but was unsuccessful.  I can show you where the damage is though.  Perhaps you can try.”
Casper shook his head.  “Perhaps later.  I’d like to hear the rest.”
“After I couldn’t heal the damage,” Terese continued, “we were concerned about the commander being able to function around others, as his sensitivity to the minds of surrounding individuals is still quite pronounced.  I determined that it is possible to shield just the damaged neurons, allowing him to interact with others.  This shield is powered by his own aura, but I need to be mindful of the manipulation or it falls apart.  Again, I was hoping that you’d be able to do something with that.”
“Very interesting,” the doctor commented, “and very innovative.  I would never have thought of either of those ideas.  Well done.  And since the shield is operating at more than an arm’s length from you, congratulations on attaining a new level of power.  You’ll be master-ranked before long, I’m thinking.”
“Thank you,” Terese acknowledged with another blush.  “Would you like to see?”
“Definitely.”
As Terese turned her attention to Gregory, framed by the lovely scenery on the other side of her window’s glass, she felt Doctor Holidran’s power slither over her, and she shivered at the sensation.  Together the two Elementalists slipped into the commander’s brain, and Terese led Casper to the damaged neurons and the shield that he had protecting them.
“Hmmm...  I can see what you mean about the broken neural connections,” Casper muttered.  “I can try to heal them, but I’m not sure how successful I’ll be.  Despite the time that had elapsed since the bond was broken, the ends are still raw.  Hold on a moment.”
Terese both felt and saw Casper extend his power, inserting it smoothly through her shield to coat the neurons in Gregory’s brain.  She sensed Gregory stiffen as the doctor started to try to knit the neural connections back together, but Casper’s power just slipped away from the damage without affecting any change.
“I was afraid of that,” Casper sighed.  “I’m reasonably certain that the only thing that will heal the broken bond is a new one.”
“No!” Gregory exclaimed immediately.  “I can’t go through that again, not yet.”
Terese looked over at him, startled by the fear she could hear in his voice.  Since she’d taken him on as a patient, she’d heard anger, regret, shame... a lot of different emotions, but never had she heard fear.  Even when Jessa had been injured and he’d been berating her to heal his partner back when they’d first met, it had been anger and frustration that Gregory had shown her.  This ordeal had obviously been more difficult for him than she’d realized.
Casper held up a hand to stop any further comment.  “I know that you’re not ready for another bond,” he told the commander, “but I don’t see any way around it.  It has been over two weeks since your bond to the queen was severed, and there has been no real healing made in all that time.  With the shielding that Doctor Conterra has come up with, we do have some time, however.”
Now the doctor turned his gaze toward her.  “The shield you’ve formed around the damage is very interesting.  What made you think of it?”
Terese blushed.  “Actually, it was while the commander and I were joking about him having to live in an isolation bubble to be around people.  I thought that if I could narrow a protective bubble enough, it might work.”
“Well, I’m glad the pair of you were joking around then,” Doctor Holidran commented.  “And I’m sure that you’re ready to get your rotation here underway.  I’m not sure if I can loop the shield back on itself, but let’s try, shall we?”  
Terese knew that the head Elementalist was able to tie auras into energy sources, something she’d watched another master Life Elementalist do once.  She wasn’t certain that he’d be able to tie an aura to itself though, and so she closed her eyes and extended her senses to watch and see.  Terese watched as Gregory’s aura was fed into the shield in his mind, and then a thread looped back into the aura field that surrounded his body.
“Go ahead and severe the other connection,” Casper told her.  She did, and watched the shield start to unravel.  With a sigh, she set the power feed back up again, the shield in Gregory’s mind drifting back to full strength.
“Well this isn’t going to be easy, is it?”  Doctor Holidran commented wryly.  “Let me take the shield from you, and then we’ll be on our way and you can get back to work, Doctor.”
Terese smiled and nodded, and once again she felt the other Elementalist’s power slither across hers.  She mentally followed it to the shield she’d created, and she felt Casper insinuate his power into hers to take over minding the manipulation she’d created.  As soon as she felt him in place, Terese let go of the shield with the small bit of conscious thought she’d been using to keep it active.
Gregory screamed and fell to his knees, hands clutching his head.  
Terese instinctively flung the shield back up, even as she moved to the commander’s side.  Casper was throwing a shield up around the entire room at the same time, and when she knelt at Gregory’s side, the commander’s face was pale and drawn, but he was taking deep breaths and regaining control.
“What the hell happened?” Terese demanded as she helped Gregory back to his feet, her concern for her patient overriding her inherent respect for her superior.
“Well, I certainly wasn’t expecting that,” the doctor muttered, mostly to himself as he leaned back on the couch.  
“And what was that?” Terese asked again.  “Everything was fine one second, and then...”
The head Elementalist sighed.  “I’d have to test my theory, but it looks like I can’t shield the commander’s mind, and chances are only a small number of Elementalists will be able to.”
“Why?” Gregory wanted to know.
“Well...” Casper said slowly, making sure he met Gregory’s gaze, “I’m betting that our queen would be one Elementalist who could do it, and we know that Doctor Conterra is another.  What do these two have in common, I wonder?”
The way he asked the question led Terese to believe that he already knew the answer, and was just waiting for the commander to come to the same realization.  What did she and the queen have in common?  They were both Elementalists, but they had different affinities, and since Doctor Holidran was a Life Elementalist as well, that wasn’t the common link.  She and the queen were both female, so that could be it, but as Terese watched the colour drain from Gregory’s face, she realized that it wasn’t as simple as gender.
“What am I missing?” she asked the men, drawing both of their gazes toward her.
“I suspect that the ability to shield the commander’s mind is linked to the fact that he’ll need a new bond to repair it,” Casper explained.  “I believe that her Majesty could shield him because they previously shared a bond, and I suspect that you can do it, Doctor, because you are also a suitable candidate to be the commander’s bonded partner.”
Terese shook her head.  “But I’m not able to have a bonded partner yet.  From what you’ve both told me, I need to be master-ranked.”
“Being able to have a partner is not the same thing as being suitable as one,” Doctor Holidran explained.  “When the commander was chosen to be Queen Jessalyn’s bonded partner, their suitability for each other was assessed first.  The queen wasn’t master-ranked when they first started to work together, to get to know each other, but they were already determined to be compatible.”
Terese leaned back against her desk.  “So what does all this mean?”
“It means that in order for me to be useful and able to function, I need to form a new bond with an Elementalist, or I need to have my mind shielded by someone who has the potential to form a new bond with me,” Gregory stated.
“And the shielding is a less desirably outcome,” Casper continued, “because of the distance difficulties and the constant minding.  Neither the commander nor the Elementalist paired with him would be able to be truly apart from each other, or the shield will fall.  He’ll need to sleep in isolation too, since the shield will likely unravel when the Elementalist falls asleep.  Commander, it is obvious to me that we need to get you bonded, as soon we find the right person.”
“And how do you do that?” Terese wanted to know.  “And how are you going to get the commander home if you can’t shield him?”
The Elementalist just looked at her, and she started to shake her head.  “No, not me,” she protested.  “I’m assigned to work here.  It wouldn’t be fair to the rest of the staff, and they’ve already been covering for me.”
“No, it isn’t fair,” Casper agreed, “and yes, you are assigned to work here.  That assignment came out of the Protectorate, and I have no right to undermine General Triaka’s authority, but is it fair or right to have to put the commander back into a coma until I get him home?  Or until I find him a potential partner?  Should he have to live in medical isolation until then?”
Terese frowned, knowing that Casper was using all of the excuses most likely to convince her to help.  He knew, as a medical professional himself, the drive she’d feel to do everything she could.  “You’re not a nice man,” she told the doctor.  “You do know that, right?”
She turned to look at Gregory.  They’d started to become friends, she thought, and Terese felt that he should have some say in all of this. 
“And what do you want?”
“I want to stop feeling broken,” he answered.  “I want to get on with my life, be useful again, and do my job.  I just want all of this to be a thing in my past.”
“You’ll have to get permission from the general for me to leave,” she told Casper.  “And I’ll need to explain to Doctor Oldrick.  How long will I be gone?”
“Well, that depends on how fast we can find a suitable partner candidate for the commander,” he answered her.  “There’s a program on the computer back at the academy that helps to identify potential matches for Elementalists and Reservoirs, and then it’s just a matter of the time needed for the Elementalists to reach Erumar.  Maybe a few weeks?”
Terese sighed.  “Fine.  Can you keep this bubble up around the room while I go and explain all of this?”
Doctor Holidran nodded, and Terese left the room.  She hoped that Doctor Oldrick wouldn’t be too upset by yet another delay to the start of her working with him and his staff.
~§~§~§~
“I am so sorry that this has been so hard for you, my friend,” Casper said, drawing Gregory’s attention from the now closed door.
Gregory shook his head.  “This isn’t your fault.  It isn’t anybody’s fault, really.”
Casper stood and walked to the window, looking out at the water and the barely visible beach.  “I wish I could fix it though.  I wish I could go back in time and stop them from bonding you to Jessa, and I wish there was a way to avoid another bond, but I can’t do either of those things.”
“I know.”
Silence stretched between them for a few moments, and then Casper turned around to lean against the glass.  “Jessa’s worried about you, you know.  She’s asked about you and how your recovery is coming along probably half a dozen times now.”
Gregory smiled.  “I’m just glad that this ordeal only goes one way.  How could she possibly rule if she had to deal with all of this crap?”
Casper shrugged.  “It won’t take us long to find you a suitable partner.  This will be over soon, I think.”
Gregory closed his eyes.  “We’ve already found her.”  He hadn’t had a lot of time to process the fact that he needed a new bonded partner as soon as possible, but the words still sounded right to him.
“Excuse me?”
He sighed and then turned to look at his friend.  “You heard me,” Gregory said.  “If I have to be bound to someone again, I want Terese.  I find her smart and funny, and we’re certainly attracted to each other, so the physical aspects of a partnership wouldn’t be a problem at all.  I didn’t get to choose Jessa last time, but I want a choice this time, and I want Terese.”
“That wouldn’t be fair,” Casper stated, and Gregory frowned.
“Fair?  Nothing about this is fair.  Besides, we started to build a true friendship on Miralea, a friendship like what I had with Jessa.  But with Jessa, it took a lot longer to reach the point where I am with Terese now.”  
“There are issues with you just picking someone,” the doctor continued, ignoring Gregory’s interruption.  “Terese has been your doctor, and I know from experience that it’s not so easy to move beyond a patient-doctor relationship to something more... carnal.  To say nothing of the fact that she’s still only a journeyman, and bonding a journeyman to a Reservoir has never been done, so I don’t even know if it’s possible.  Add the fact that she’s just started her medical career, and that she feels guilty about just escorting you home...  Would you really want to take the choice away from her, the same way it’s been taken from you?”
“I know all of the arguments you can throw at me, along with at least a few others,” Gregory stated impatiently, anger over the whole situation starting to build.  “She’s a soldier, Casper, though I forget that more often than not.  Soldiers are reassigned all the time, without anybody ever checking in with us about what we think about it.  She could easily be reassigned to the First, and goodness knows that having a doctor as part of the company wouldn’t be a bad thing.”
“But is that really fair?”  Casper asked again when Gregory didn’t answer the question.  “Bonding to her would change the trajectory of her life.  It’s a lot for her to give up, and you risk her resenting you if you take the choice away from her.  Is that how you really want to spend the rest of your life?  Because the gods know that I hope never to break another bond again, and I certainly wouldn’t do it for you.”
Gregory ran a hand through his brown hair, agitated but starting to acknowledge the doctor’s words.  “I don’t know what to do, Casper,” he admitted quietly.  “I just want this over with, and it seemed like Terese was the perfect solution.”  
“Let’s go home and see who else we come up with,” Casper suggested.  “If there isn’t anybody else you feel would be appropriate, you can talk to Terese about it.  In the meantime, she’s stuck with you, so at least if you end up having the conversation, she’ll have a better idea of what she’s getting into.”
Gregory nodded.  He knew that he didn’t want another bonded partner, but since he had no choice, the idea of being bonded to Terese was appealing, and the thought was more appealing each time he rolled it around in his head.  He did have to admit that Casper was right though, and taking the choice away from Terese isn’t something he wanted to do.  He wanted Terese to choose to be with him, so what he had to do was convince her to see the situation as he did.  How could he persuade her to give up her dreams to be with him, though?  Was the relationship growing between them enough?



Chapter 10
Terese woke to the faint rumble of voices, the two men lost in quiet conversation on the other side of the sitting area of the transport.  She heard Gregory chuckle and opened her eyes slowly, enjoying the heavy feeling in her limbs, the feeling of being balanced between sleeping and waking, knowing that both were equally likely.
The journey to Erumar had been just as difficult as they’d thought it would be, with the shield she’d put up around Gregory’s mind tumbling down as soon as she’d fallen asleep, just as Casper had predicted.  The doctor had put a protective bubble up around their area of the transport, but that meant that either she or Doctor Holidran had to be awake for nearly the entire journey in order to keep Gregory’s mind protected.  Terese was really looking forward to sleeping properly once they’d arrived back home.
Looking across the aisle, still curled up on the chair she’d reclined as a bed, Terese saw that Gregory and Casper were sitting side-by-side, Gregory’s hand resting on top of the Elementalist’s while they spoke in low tones.  She slowly blinked her eyes closed, the heaviness in her lids pulling her back down toward sleep.  When Terese forced her eyes back open a few moments later, a startled gasp escaped her lips at the sight before her.  
Casper’s aura shone a brilliant gold-green colour as it swirled around him and then flowed out into the nearby space, encasing everything in a soft glow.  Gregory’s aura, by contrast, was a very dark purple laced with silver, and Terese could see how the commander’s aura flowed down his body to pool in the hand touching Casper before it was absorbed.  The area around the point of physical contact was a turbulent mix of both sets of colours, but Casper’s aura eventually won out and subsumed Gregory’s energy entirely.   She’d never seen anything like it, her previous exposure to looking at aura’s being confined to how brightly they shone around a person.  To be able to see actual colours in auras, as well as the energy construction Casper was maintaining, were new experiences for her, and quite frankly, a little frightening.
“Did we wake you?” the doctor asked, her gasp of surprise pulling his attention away from Gregory and toward her.
“No, I don’t think so,” Terese replied, sitting up and rubbing her eyes.  The colours remained firmly in her vision and she swallowed, feeling slightly disoriented.
“Good.  If you’d be kind enough to put the commander’s shield back in place, I’d be grateful to you.”
Terese nodded and quickly extended her power to recreate the shield in Gregory’s mind.  She watched as a tiny vein of a soft blue-green colour extended itself from her to the commander before it was lost in Gregory’s own energy.  She swallowed again as a wave of nausea rolled through her.  
“I’m just going to get freshened, up,” she said, pushing herself up and standing, eager to distance herself from the current strange movement of colour and energy.  She blinked rapidly a few times, trying to get her eyesight to slip back into the normal spectrum.  “I’ll be right back.”
Terese was about halfway through the med bay section of the transport, heading for the small bathroom at the rear of the ship, when she heard Gregory’s voice behind her.
“Wait up, Doc,” he called.  “I want to talk to you.”
“Now is really not a good time, Commander,” she called back, hearing the note of panic in her voice but not slowing or looking over her shoulder.  The walls of the transport glowed with swiftly swirling red and yellow energy, and if she had to look at it much longer, she was going to be sick.
“Terese... please.”
It was the use of her name that pulled Terese to a stop; Gregory had never used her given name.  When he caught up to her a heartbeat later, she turned to face him.
“What do you want, Commander?”
“You’ve been using your powers a lot,” he told her, “and we’ve told you how close you are to becoming a master-ranked Elementalist.”
“And?” she wanted to know.
Gregory reached out and brushed a strand of blond hair back from her forehead.  “According to Casper, you’ve just hit the tipping point.  He said that based on how... uncomfortable you’re looking right now, you’ve just gained the ability to truly see auras.  He said that if you relax, your eyes will slip back into the normal spectrum.”
“He said all that, did he?” Terese snapped.  “And why are you the one telling me then?  Why didn’t Doctor Holidran come to speak to me himself?”
“Because he also said that you probably won’t be able to relax unless you’re distracted.”
Without giving her time to reply to that statement, Gregory leaned forward and kissed her.  Caught by surprise, Terese didn’t pull away, and he brought his hands up, one hand cupping her cheek while the other slipped across her neck, his fingers sending tingles through her body before tangling in her hair.  Gregory tugged gently, tilting her head to the side, his tongue pushing against her lips, asking her to open to him.  She gave in with a soft moan, eyes closing, and he stepped into her, deepening the kiss.  She could feel his hard body pressing against her, his strong arms keeping her close, and Terese barely restrained herself from rubbing against him as unexpected desire flashed through her body.
“Better now?” he asked a short while later, as he broke their kiss and stepped away.
Terese blinked a few times to be sure, and then nodded.  “Yes, everything’s back to normal now.  Thank the gods.”
Gregory chuckled at her tone of voice, caressing her cheek softly.  “If you can spare me another few minutes, there’s more I’d like to talk to you about.”
Now that the walls weren’t crawling with energy, the feeling of nausea and disorientation had subsided completely.  Terese still felt a little unbalanced, but she nodded, curious to hear what he had to say.  She was reasonably certain that her current off-balance feeling was more because of the heated kiss they’d just shared than her odd eyesight.
Gregory smiled.  “Right now, when you’ve overextended yourself, you get tired and fall asleep.  This is your body’s way of trying to stop you from damaging yourself by forcing you to rebalance your aura.  Considering the ability you just woke up to, in the very near future, that is all going to change.  Master-ranked Elementalists can pull energy from a willing donor, like a Reservoir, but there are different ways to do this.”
Terese cocked her head to the side.  “Okay...  What do you mean by different?”
“For Casper and I, given our relationship, skin to skin contact works just fine, but the more intimate the contact, the better,” Gregory revealed.  “Touching works, kissing is better, and the best way to transfer energy between a Reservoir and an Elementalist...”
“Is though sex!” Terese exclaimed, putting the pieces together.  “That’s why you were so troubled with erotic memories of the queen.  As her Reservoir, you were intimate as part of your job to keep her aura balanced.”
Gregory nodded.  “Can you begin to understand why this information isn’t just shared out without thought?”
“I suppose so,” she conceded.  “Still, it’s useful information to have, especially as both a doctor and an Elementalist.  But I don’t understand why you’re telling me this now.”
“Master-ranked Elementalists undergo a shift in instinct, so instead of wanting to sleep when you are unbalanced, you will want to pull energy from a Reservoir, who could be someone trained like I am, or someone untrained who has excess energy in their aura.  You’ll be able to sense that there is energy for the taking, and you’ll do anything you can to get that energy.”  
Gregory stepped close to her again, making her step backward and trapping her against the wall with his arms but leaving space between them.  Not a single part of their bodies touched, but Terese could feel heat radiating from him and part of her longed to shift ever so slightly so that they’d be in contact with each other.  He leaned forward and kissed her jaw lightly, making her shudder as desire began to burn through her once again.
“I’m telling you this, my dear Terese, because I can’t stand the idea of you in another man’s bed,” Gregory whispered in her ear.  “I want to be the one to give you what you need, what your body will cry out for.  I want to be your bonded partner.”
Now he leaned in, closing the distance between them.  His long, hard body pressed against hers, and Terese could feel his excitement at the thought of being with her in the way his erection dug into her hip.  He brought his lips to hers, crushing their mouths together and sending spikes of heat through her body.  She’d never been with a man before, but right at this moment there was part of her that wanted Gregory to toss her onto a cot and change that.  She moaned, the heat beginning to pool between her legs, making her throb, and she wrapped her arms around his neck and opened her mouth to him.
Gregory’s hands roamed down her body, caressing her sides and stomach as he found the hem of her shirt.  Slipping a hand under the fabric, his warm fingers traced a delicate path along the waistband of her pants while his other hand skated down and around her hip to grab her ass and lift her a little higher.  Terese immediately wrapped her legs around his waist, and Gregory leaned into her, his hand now playing along the exposed skin of her lower back while his erection rubbed against her core.  She moaned again, the sound swallowed by Gregory’s kiss.
Terese had never felt this way before.  The few guys she’d dated in the past had done nothing to get her hot and excited, their kisses limp and uninteresting, and their personalities nothing that could draw her away from her studies or her duty.  Gregory kissed her like he wanted nothing more than to learn every inch of her mouth, and his touch ignited sparks that sent tingles through every part of her body before combining into a wet ache between her legs.  She moved her hands from around his neck to his shirt, tugging at the material impatiently.  There was no thought in her mind about being his doctor, no moment’s hesitation at the idea of finally losing her virginity.  Every feeling in her body was because of Gregory, her every thought on him and what she wanted him to do with her and to her.  Terese was lost in the moment, and she didn’t care.
Gregory broke their kiss and moved to nibble his way along her jaw before kissing a path down her neck and to the collar of her shirt.  As his fingers fumbled with the first button, he ran his tongue in hot circles along the tiny bit of exposed collarbone.
“Oh, Gregory,” she moaned softly, tilting her head back.  “Please, don’t st—”  
The entire transport shuddered, throwing Gregory away from her and tossing Terese to the ground.  She landed on her elbows and knees with a soft cry of pain.  An alarm klaxon began to blare, and she shook her head to reorient herself.  One moment in the throes of passion, and the next, caught up in whatever this was.  
Gregory rolled quickly back to his feet and extended a hand to help her stand.
“Are you alright?” he asked as he looked her over.  When she nodded, he turned back toward the front of the ship, and she followed him quickly.
“Mayday, mayday,” she could hear the pilot calling into the radio.  “This is Erumari Medical Transport SC-841.  We are under attack from an unknown ship.”
“What is your location and heading, Transport SC-841?” crackled a voice over the radio.
“We are currently just outside Erumar’s gravity, at—”
The ship shuddered again, and the pilot cursed.  “They got our long-range communications that time,” he called back to them.
The radio crackled once more, and a deep voice echoed through the cabin and cockpit.
“Erumari transport...  You have no weapons, cannot call for help, and cannot escape.  Surrender now, and prepare to be boarded.”
The pilot turned to look at Casper.  “What do you want to do?”
“Surrender,” Casper replied without hesitation.
“What do you mean, surrender?”  Gregory exclaimed, looking shocked, and Casper smiled grimly.
“Relax, Commander, and have a seat.  This won’t take long.”
Still muttering under his breath, Gregory sat and Terese chose a seat beside him.
“Remember what you said about not making a Life Elementalist angry?” she asked.
Gregory turned to look at her, his golden brown eyes narrowed.  “Yes.”
“Well, does Doctor Holidran look happy to you?”
The commander leaned forward a little to look around her at the obviously pissed off Elementalist sitting across the aisle.  Casper was tapping his fingers on his arm rest, a frown on his face and his silvery green eyes narrowed.
“No, he most certainly does not.”  Gregory reached out and brushed his fingers across the back of her hand.  “Are you sure you’re okay?”
She nodded, and squirmed a little in her seat as his touch sent sparks along her skin.  “I think so.  Not quite sure how to... come back down, I guess.”  Despite the apparently serious situation in which they now found themselves, her body still wanted to be back in the med bay... with considerably fewer clothes on.
“It’s the adrenaline,” Gregory said.  “Your brain is just trying to redirect it.”
He paused and then smiled at her.  “I’d say that I was sorry, but I’d be lying.” 
Terese blushed and then leaned her head back against her seat, closing her eyes and extending her senses, choosing to concentrate on what was happening instead of on the sexy man beside her.  The ship shuddered again, a loud noise indicating that their hatch was now connected to an airlock.  
“I can sense four of them,” she told the others.  “They’re relaxed, cocky, and not expecting any trouble.”
“How many could you hold, Doctor?” 
Terese opened her eyes and looked across the aisle.  “Two, for certain.  I couldn’t guarantee more than that.”
Casper nodded.  “Two is fine.”
“What are you two talking about?” Gregory asked, looking between the Elementalists.  
“These people haven’t just made one Life Elementalist angry, they’ve found two,” Casper stated grimly.  “They’re lucky we’re doctors, and hesitant to take lives.”
“But you could.”  It was a statement, not a question, but Casper nodded anyway.
“We could, and if necessary, we will.”
The hatch slid open with a squeal of metal being forced, and the four Erumari turned to see who’d boarded their transport.  Casper, Gregory and Terese remained sitting, just twisting in their seats, and the pilot stood in the cockpit door, hands raised to chest level in front of him, showing himself to be unarmed.
“What do you want?” the pilot asked.  “We’re just a medical transport, not a threat to anyone.”
The four people who’d come aboard the transport paused at the head of the aisle, looking at their captives.  They were all men, but that was where the similarities ended.  They wore a mismatch of clothing and equipment, and were all different heights and weights.  Even their skin and hair colour was different, one to the next.  The man who seemed to be the leader looked at the four of them, taking stock before tossing something toward Casper.  Terese instinctively went to bat the thing away, but Gregory caught her arm and pulled her back.  The device struck Casper on the shoulder, and the doctor collapsed in a heap, unconscious.
“What did you do to him?” Terese demanded, moving to stand.
“There is war coming, my beautiful friend,” the man said, his smile making his cold blue eyes sparkle menacingly as he looked her over.  Terese felt Gregory stand, his body stiff with anger.  
“Medical supplies will be a hot commodity, so we were planning ahead, my boys and me.  Imagine my surprise to find not only supplies, but a highly ranked government official.  I didn’t hurt him, pet, but he isn’t going to be hurting me, now is he?”
The pirate made a gesture, and the three other men turned around and made their way into the med bay.  She could just barely see them from where she stood, but she could hear them opening cupboards and riffling through the supplies.  They left a few minutes later, arms full of plundered goods, and that was when Terese made her move.  Stretching her power outward, she snared the pirate, stopping the movement of electricity through his major muscle groups and effectively freezing him in place.  All he could do was blink and breathe.
“I’ve got him,” she whispered to Gregory.  “Seal the door.”
Gregory pushed past her and moved as quickly as he could down the aisle, squeezing past the trapped pirate.  The squeal of metal indicated the door closing, and their pilot dropped back into his seat and pushed the engines into gear.  A horrendous sound indicated that their transport had ripped away from the pirate vessel, and Gregory returned to glare at their prisoner.
“I can’t believe you’d be so stupid,” he spat.  “Attacking anything belonging to the Erumari Protectorate is just asking for trouble, Jax.  Do you even have any idea why there is war coming?  The new queen incited the coming conflict, when she stole her fiancé back from the Kaleganese.  They’re expecting warships anytime now, and so they have increased their patrols recently.”
Trapped, and with a very hostile commander standing in front of him, Jax’s eyes widened with alarm, and Terese could feel him trying to struggle against her invisible hold.
“Unless your men are smart enough to leave you, they’ll likely be blown apart by one such patrol at any moment,” Gregory stated with a grim smile.  “I’m assuming that they’re just as prone to cowardice as you are, so I’m assuming that you are in fact stuck here, alone, which means that the great Jax Amari has been caught at last.”
Jax’s eyes widened farther, and he began to struggle in earnest against the bonds of power that held him.  Terese felt him slip an arm free, and shouted a warning.  Gregory was on him before he could pull a weapon, grabbing the pirate’s freed wrist and squeezing. 
“How many men did you have on your ship, Jax?  And what are the chances that they’ll try to rescue you before you hang?  How successful do you think they’ll be?”
Terese could see sweat starting to mark Jax’s skin, and he seemed to pale even more when Gregory stepped closer, their bodies nearly touching.
“I never understood why Jessa didn’t order you hunted down and killed,” Gregory spat, “regardless of the relationship you had with her.  Actually, I can’t believe she didn’t kill you herself.  You betrayed her when she needed you most!”
Gregory balled his free hand into a fist and struck out, the blow opening a cut on the pirate’s lip.  Jax, still held in place by Terese’s power, remained standing even as his eyes rolled up in his head and he passed out.  Terese swallowed, certain that Gregory was going to tear the trapped man apart.
“We’ve got Erumari fighters inbound,” the pilot called, breaking the tension in the transport.  “They’re not quite close enough to hail us yet, but they will be in a few moments.”
Within seconds, Terese could see the flashes of energy beams being shot through nearby space in her peripheral vision.  There was no explosion to mark the destruction of a ship, leading her to believe that the pirates had, in fact, escaped.  When a crackling hail of one of their fighters came through, she heard the pilot confirm that they were fine and had taken a prisoner.  She knew that the Protectorate fighters would now fall into formation around the transport and escort them back to the Erumar, but Terese never took her eyes off of the man she held prisoner, despite the fact that he was unconscious.
After the ship landed in the palace complex docking bay a short while later, the hatch opened again to reveal a trio of Protectorate royal guards.  Terese dropped her control of Jax as the soldiers bound his hands behind him with energy cuffs and started to carry him away.  He was starting to regain consciousness, but still couldn’t walk entirely under his own power
“What will happen to him?” she asked aloud.
“He will stand trial for his crimes, and then he will die,” Casper stated, rubbing his head as he stepped down into the landing bay.  Once assured that Jax would be no further trouble, Gregory had removed the device from Casper’s shoulder, the doctor reviving quickly after that.  The nasty little device was in Casper’s bag for further study.
Terese looked over toward the doctor, who was standing with Gregory a short distance away.  “Why?”
“He nearly killed the queen.”



Chapter 11
Gregory led the way across the docking bay and up the stairs, eager to get his life sorted out, once and for all.  He had a mental list of things that he needed to do which, while short, seemed a little overwhelming given how hot his blood was running right now.  Between his passionate encounter with Terese and the unexpected attack by Jax, he felt ready to either kill or fuck someone.  He’d prefer the latter, and sooner rather than later.    
Gregory elected to start with greeting the queen instead of just dragging Terese off to some quiet corner and finish staking his claim.  The prospect of seeing Jessa was something that made him nervous to contemplate, especially considering his current state of mind.  According to Casper, Jessa had asked about him and his recovery, and Gregory wanted to put her worries to rest, but he also knew that he loved her still.  His time away from Erumar and Jessa had helped, and thoughts of the queen and their time together were no longer quite so painful, which Gregory considered a victory.  A small part of his mind informed him that this change was because he had someone new to focus on, but he ignored that voice for now.  
It was late afternoon on Erumar, and the courtyard of the palace complex was bustling.  He paused next to the landing, just inside the walls, letting Terese and Casper come up beside him.
“Where to first?” Casper asked, and Gregory gestured toward the palace.
“Might as well see Jessa first, and then I’ll leave it up to you whether we head to the Academy or check in with the Protectorate next.”
“How long are we going to be on the planet?” Terese asked, a note of longing in her voice making Gregory look down at her.
“Why?”
“I’ve never seen the city,” she revealed.  “If there’s time, I’d like to do a little sightseeing before I head back to Miralea.”
Gregory was incredulous.  “How is it possible that you’ve never seen the city before?”
“I was born and raised on Unica,” she told him, naming the smallest of Erumar’s five moons.  “I was only ever on the planet when I attended the Academy, and there wasn’t a lot of free time.”
Casper laughed and confirmed Terese’s comment.  “The training program is quite intense, and the apprentice Elementalists don’t have a lot of freedom.”
“Then, when I became a journeyman, I signed on with the Protectorate as a medic and was shipped off to Nevern.”
Gregory looked over at Casper, who nodded.  “It will take time to gather the appropriate Elementalists to see who can take over the Commander’s bond.  I’m sure there will be time for sightseeing.”
They made their way across the courtyard to the palace, the middle of the trio of nearly identical buildings.  The palace, the seat of the Erumari government and home to the royal family, rose high above them, designed to intimidate and impress.  The doors were guarded by a pair of Protectorate soldiers in their silver and blue dress uniforms, and Gregory nodded to them as he walked past and into the building’s foyer.  This area was just as busy as the courtyard outside, with servants, government workers and courtiers seemingly everywhere, but quiet fell over the throng of people when their monarch appeared at the top of the sweeping staircase.
“Gregory!  You’re back!”
Decorum forgotten, Jessalyn Amari descended the stairs at a pace that would have horrified her governess, once upon a time.  Gregory felt his lips stretch into a smile to rival the queen’s own as she quickly crossed the space that separated them, her long brown hair bouncing around her shoulders and her blue eyes glittering with happiness.  As she wrapped her arms tightly around him, Gregory returned the embrace, his eyes meeting the dark eyes of Jessa’s fiancé over her shoulder.  Karim, tall and proud in his military uniform, tilted his head as he met Gregory’s gaze, his lips curving into a small smile before he winked at the commander.  Gregory blinked, shocked, but Jessa was stepping away from him and drawing his attention before he could figure out how to respond to the prince.
“You look great,” the queen observed, looking him over.  “Come with us, and we’ll get caught up.  You can also tell me about the gift you’ve delivered to my dungeons.”
Reminded once again of Jax, a scowl returned to Gregory’s face.  A quick glance at Casper showed a similar expression, and they all followed the queen along a corridor that led deeper into the building.  Jessa and Karim led the way into one of the meeting rooms, and Casper closed the door behind them all, leaning against it.  Gregory sat down in a chair across the table from Jessa and Karim, and Terese remained standing, a few paces behind him.
“So, who wants to start?” the queen asked.  When nobody said anything, she frowned.  “Gregory?”
He took a deep breath, glancing over his shoulder toward Casper, but the Elementalist was no help.  He simply shrugged and gestured for Gregory to explain what had happened over the past couple of weeks.
“Oh for crying out loud!” Jessa exclaimed.  “I know that breaking our bond was very hard on you, and I’m only going to say that I told you so once.  I know that Casper has counselled not bonding Aiden to anybody until after he’s no longer heir, which I support whole heartedly.  Tell me about what happened after Casper shipped you off to Miralea.”
“As best I can tell,” Gregory started hesitantly, “the bond didn’t break completely when Casper undid the binding.  My mind kept searching for you, making me sensitive to the thoughts of people around me, so I was sent to Miralea and given to Doctor Conterra to fix.”
“And?” Jessa prompted after silence reigned for a time.  “Did Doctor Conterra fix you?”
Gregory glanced behind him, meeting Terese’s gaze and watching her blush.  “Mostly,” he admitted.  “There were complications.”
“I wasn’t able to heal him, your Majesty,” Terese said, speaking for the first time.  “I tried a number of different things, but nothing worked.”
“The doctor is being modest,” Casper said, cutting Terese off before she could continue.  “She managed to isolate the damage in the commander’s brain, and she managed to come up with a way to shield his mind, which is why he’s able to be here with us right now.  Actually, I’d like you to try to take over the shielding, if you would, my queen.  I’m testing a theory.”
Jessa gave Casper a confused look, which he met with a smile.
“Just follow me, and I’ll lead you in,” he told the queen.
Gregory watched Jessa close her eyes, and it wasn’t long before Casper laughed softly.
“Excellent,” the man commented.  “Exactly as I suspected.”
Gregory had felt nothing when his shield transitioned from Terese’s care to Jessa’s, but he felt excitement ripple through him at Casper’s announcement.  One more step, and he’d know for certain if Terese was a possible match for him, an idea that was making him happier each time he thought about it.  If Casper could bond them now, he could finish what he’d started on the ship...
“—looking into possible bonded partners for the commander,” Casper was saying when Gregory pulled his attention back to what was being discussed.  “The only way to fully heal him will be a new bond, so we’re taking steps in that direction.”
Jessa nodded, her expression carefully neutral.  “How long do you think this will take?” she asked.
“Anywhere between days and weeks,” was Casper’s reply.  “I’ll run the program when we leave here, and put out a call for those selected.  We’re at the mercy of their travelling time, unfortunately.”
“Well, considering everything else that has been happening, I need Gregory back with his command as soon as possible.”
“I understand, your Majesty.  We’ll do everything we can to finish this quickly.”
“Excellent.  And now, if I keep control of the shield, Doctor Conterra can leave, correct?”
“Yes.”
“Good.  If you’ll excuse us, Doctor?  I need to speak with Gregory and Casper for a short while.  You can wait in the foyer, and I’ll return the commander to your care shortly.”
Terese bowed and left the room, Casper moving aside to let her pass, and when the door closed behind her, Casper locked it and then sat down in a chair beside Gregory.
“What’s going on?” Gregory wanted to know.
Jessa frowned.  “You are the commander of the First now, which means you need to be brought up to date about a few rather important details concerning this planet and our interests.  First and foremost, however, tell me about Jax Amari and how he came to be in my dungeon.”
Gregory told her about the pirate and his men attacking and boarding their transport, as well as the subsequent capture of the infamous pirate.  Jessa listened quietly, and when he finished, turned her attention to Casper.
“Anything to add?”
“I suspect that Jax knew that I was going to be on that transport,” Casper said.  “He seemed a little surprised to see Gregory, however, which is likely why I ended up on my ass instead of the pilot.”
The words struck Gregory as odd, and he turned his head to look at the man sitting beside him.  Jessa’s next words confirmed that something strange was happening.
“What do you think he found out?”
“You asked him to find out anything he could about the rogue Elementalist and those creatures,” Casper replied.  “For him to come to me instead of just sending word likely indicates that he found out something important.”
“You asked Jax to find out information of you?” Gregory demanded.  “How could you trust him to do anything?  How would you even know how to get a hold of him?”
“Jax isn’t what you think he is,” Jessa told him, Casper’s nod in his peripheral vision confirming her statement.  “He is one of the best spies we have, and the crown has relied on his intelligence gathering ever since he left.  Didn’t it strike you as odd that one of the most dangerous men in this part of the galaxy was so easy to capture?”
“What are you saying?  Jax left you for dead!”
“Yes, he did,” Jessa agreed, “but he was only doing what he had to do.  There are very few people who know the truth of my cousin, and you are now one of them.  Not even his family knows what you know, and it has to stay that way.”
Gregory nodded, still confused but trusting her.  “So what now?”
“Now I will go and have a chat with Jax, he will escape sometime tonight, and tomorrow I’ll meet with you to discuss what you and the First will do next.”  Jessa turned her head slightly to look at Casper.  “I need Gregory ready to go.  We need to deal with this, and the sooner the better.”
Casper nodded and stood.  “We’ll head over to the Academy now and see who the computer thinks will make a good match.  I’ll send word to those Elementalists right away.”
“Good,” Jessa agreed, standing herself.  “Let’s turn you back over to your doctor, shall we?”
Gregory pushed his chair back and followed the others as they left the room and went back to the foyer.  Karim kept glancing back over his shoulder to look at Gregory, almost as if trying to gauge his reaction to the revelation Jessa had just dropped in his lap, but the commander didn’t say anything.  Jessa passed the shield back to Terese, and then she kissed Gregory on the cheek and left him standing with the pair of Elementalists at the door of the palace.
“You look confused,” Terese told him.  “Is everything okay?”
“I... I suppose so,” Gregory answered.  “It will just take me a little while to get used to...”
“I assume you can’t share,” Terese observed after he trailed off and said nothing more.  “I should be getting used to that, I suppose.  It seems to be a common theme.”
She and Gregory followed Casper back out into the courtyard, turning to the right and following the wall of the palace to where it met the wall of the Academy.  This kept them out of the way of the general bustle, and it was with a happy sigh that Casper pushed open the academy door and walked back into what was essentially his home.
“Come, join me in my office,” the head Elementalist invited them, leading the way a short distance down the corridor before keying open a door and gesturing for them to enter.  Gregory and Terese each chose a chair, and Casper sank down behind his desk with another happy sound.  “It’s so good to be home.”
Running his hand over the desk in front of him, Casper unlocked his computer, a screen set into the wall to the left of the desk flaring to life.  His fingers flew over the keyboard, calling up the program he desired.
“We created this program a number of years ago,” Casper explained as Gregory and Terese watched the screen with interest.  Algorithms scrolled across the bottom, meaningless to either of them, but then Gregory’s image flashed onto the screen, taking up a position on the left while code continued to scroll down the right side.
“What is it doing?” Terese asked.
“We have collected files on every Elementalist and trained Reservoir that we know of,” Casper explained.  “The files include all sorts of information, from birth date and location to vital statistics to history to personal preferences.  The computer will take Gregory’s file and match it to those Elementalists that have indicators in their files that would allow us to predict a compatible match.”
A picture of Jessa flashed onto the screen, her pretty face filling the right side of the screen.  Then another picture got dropped in by the program, Jessa’s picture scaling down to allow the second picture space.  By the time the computer was finished, there were five Elementalists matched to Gregory, Terese being one of them.
“Let’s take a look at our candidates, shall we?” Casper asked with a smile.  “We can immediately eliminate the queen, as well as Terese.”
“Why eliminate Terese?” Gregory asked quickly, a momentary feeling of panic rising through him.  He didn’t want Terese eliminated, especially not as he was just truly getting used to the idea of bonding with her.
“We already know about Doctor Conterra,” Casper stated.  “There’s no need to go looking through her file.”
A few clicks of the keyboard, and the screen changed, showing only the three pictures of the unknown Elementalists.  As the pictures all slid to form a column on the left side of the screen, a summary of information came up beside them.
“Let’s see here,” Casper muttered to himself.  “This first candidate is another journeyman, and not a member of the Protectorate, which makes her unsuitable, unless she wants to enlist.  No, there’s a note here indicating that she has no desire to join the military.”
Gregory stared at the three pictures on the screen.  All three women wore their hair short, at least at the time the picture was taken, and there were two brunettes and a red-head.  One of the women looked like Jessa, and Gregory mentally crossed her off his list.  He’d finally managed to break free of the queen, and having someone who looked so much like her wasn’t likely going to make for a good relationship between them, and he said so.  
“So that leaves—”
“—Saveen,” Terese breathed softly.  “She’s a lieutenant, stationed on Nevern, assuming she hasn’t been transferred in the past two weeks.  She’s a Fire Elementalist.”
“You know her?” Gregory asked.
Terese shook her head.  “I only know of her.”
“I’ll place the call and you can meet her tomorrow, Commander.  For now, why don’t you take Terese down into the city for dinner and then do some of that sightseeing?  I’ll prepare an isolation room for you to use for sleep while you’re here, and I’ll check in with you in the morning before your briefing with the queen.”
Gregory nodded and stood.  “Come on,” he said to Terese.  “I know this great little cafe.  We’ll get something to eat, and then you can let me know where you’d like to go, and what you’d like to see.”



Chapter 12
Dinner was lovely, and by the time the server took the last of the dessert dishes away, Terese was feeling full and reasonably content.  Gregory proved to her once again what good company he could be, and he spent the meal telling her about the various buildings they could see from where they sat.  He’d gotten them a table on the second floor balcony of the cafe, affording Terese a magnificent view of the city as the sun set.  It was a quiet, intimate place to eat, with only a few couples nearby, but despite the privacy their location afforded them, not once did Gregory say or do anything to hint at the passion they’d... she’d experienced on the transport.  Terese was starting to think that maybe she’d badly misjudged what was happening between them, that maybe he’d just been distracting her after all, without any real desire for anything more.  She was certain that if they’d managed to progress to actual sex, Gregory wouldn’t have turned her down, but it seemed more and more likely that the words he’d spoken to her were just that... words.
“So where would you like to go next?” the commander asked her, holding the door so that she could precede him back out onto the street.  The area was busy with people and conveyances of all kinds, and Terese kept her back to the building to avoid getting in anyone’s way.
“I honestly have no idea,” she admitted with a small smile.  “What’s open, now that we’re well into the evening?”
“I know just the place,” Gregory told her after a moment’s thought.  “Come on, this way.”
He grabbed her hand, his warm fingers twining through hers in a way that felt both natural and very odd to her.  She didn’t pull away though, instead letting Gregory pull her through the crowds moving away from the palace complex.  In short order, she found herself outside of a club, a line starting to form while music from inside the building started to build in volume.
“I’m not sure this is the best idea,” Terese stated, her eyes wide as she took in the club and the guests dressed in their party clothes waiting to be let in.  “We’re not dressed for this place.”
Terese had never been one for the party scene, something she’d always left to her friend Shannon; she was wild enough to party for both of them.  The idea of being packed into the space, surrounded by strangers and loud music, wasn’t something that appealed to Terese at all.  Honestly, she’d much rather a quiet place so she and Gregory could talk and get things straightened out between them, regardless of the outcome.
“It’ll be fine,” Gregory assured her.  “I know a guy, and the back rooms aren’t at all what you’re thinking.”
Terese pursed her lips, uncertain, but she decided to trust him.  Nodding, all she could think about was how proud Shannon would be if her friend could see her now.  Once he had her assent, Gregory smiled and towed her to the front of the line.  There were calls of displeasure from the waiting crowd behind them, but the commander ignored it all, exchanging a few words and a smile with the bouncer guarding the door.  Moments later, they were inside, Terese looking around in dismay.
The place was packed with people, the crowd two or three people deep around the bar and the dancers pressed so closely together that it was amazing that anyone could move at all.  Gregory seemed to realize her distress, leaning close to speak into her ear.
“Don’t worry.  Just stick with me and we’ll be into the back in just a minute.”
Gregory laid his arm across her shoulders, pulling her close against his hard body before starting to push his way through the crowd on the dance floor.  Her initial reaction was to flinch away from the intimate contact as desire spiked through her again, just as strongly as before, but Terese quickly realized that she’d be lost in the crowd in an instant if the commander let go of her.  Being as short as she was, he’d never be able to see her among the mass of bodies.
When they reached the steps leading up to another guarded door, Gregory let her go as he walked up to talk to the bouncer.  Terese felt an immediate loss when he stepped away, something she tried to push away.  You’re still his doctor, she reminded herself.  For at least another day, any sort of... anything is entirely inappropriate.  Unfortunately, she didn’t believe those words any more than did her rebellious body, and she knew that if she found herself back in Gregory’s arms, she wasn’t about to say no.
“Come on, Terese,” Gregory called to her, drawing her attention to the now open door.  “Come and meet the gang.”
Terese stepped forward hesitantly, not sure what to expect.  What she saw was a large open space, another bar against the back wall, and large, circular tables clustered around a dance floor.  When the door closed behind them, the majority of the noise from the other part of the club was cut off, and she sighed in relief.  
Gregory led her to one of the tables, where a mixed group of men and women were sitting, chatting and drinking.  
“Commander!” one of the men called out when he noticed their approach.  “You’re not dead!”
Gregory laughed as he stepped close to the group.  He immediately pulled out a chair for Terese.  “Not quite, Escante.  Sorry to disappoint.”
Pulling up a chair from a nearby table, Gregory sat and then gestured to Terese.  “Everyone, this is Doctor Terese Conterra.  She’s been looking after me these past couple of weeks.  Terese, this group of disreputable slobs are the top of the food chain in the First.”
“Pleased to meet you all,” Terese said with a soft blush, looking around at the group of curious faces.  Now that he’d pointed it out, she could see the small hints in posture and body language that showed that these people were all soldiers.
“What’s a pretty little thing like you doing hanging out with a broken-down old soldier like him?” someone asked her.  The words were joking, but the look the man gave Terese was piercing.  
“I...”  She trailed off, not certain how to answer the question.  Was she his doctor?  His friend?  More than that?  She hadn’t managed to figure out for herself what she was doing with Gregory, let along articulate it to another.  
“Doctor Conterra is making sure that my mind stays together in one piece,” Gregory answered for her.  “I dragged her here because she needs to relax a little, and she wanted to see the city.”
“Anybody would need to relax after being forced to hang out with you for weeks on end,” one of the women commented, coaxing laughter from the group.
As the members of Gregory’s command fell to bantering back and forth amongst themselves, Terese sat back and closed her eyes, contemplating Gregory’s words.  He’d referred to her twice as ‘doctor’ and made no mention of her rank within the Protectorate.  As a sergeant, she was likely an equal to most of this group, as only his lieutenant and Gregory himself were higher on the chain of command.  Did that mean that he saw her as only that?  As only his doctor?  She wanted to scream with frustration, uncertain and confused.
Opening her eyes once more, Terese bit back a gasp as colour flooded her vision.  She felt sweat begin to bead on her forehead and she squinted her eyes against the onslaught of so many bodies surrounded by so many swirling, moving colours.  Nausea crashed through her, and she pushed away from the table, stumbling a little as disorientation swept over her.
“Terese?  Are you okay?”
She tried to nod, but the movement sent a spike of pain lancing through her head.  Terese’s knees gave way, but Gregory caught and steadied her before she could fall.  It was all she could do to keep enough focus to maintain his shield.
“Lean on me,” he said softly, as if he knew the pain she was currently experiencing.  “Come this way, to one of the private rooms, away from the crowd.”
Terese closed her eyes and let him lead her away from the now quiet group.  She didn’t dare look at them for fear of making herself sick, but a part of her cringed at the horrible impression she must be making.  The first time Gregory is relatively free to be normal and talk to his command, and he’s stuck caring for her.
She could tell that they’d moved into a corridor by the way the music and noise dropped.  It was only a few short metres along the hall before she heard a door open and Gregory escorted her into what she sensed was a small space.  When the door closed behind them, Terese dared to open her eyes again, but the walls were crawling with yellow and blue patterns, forcing her to squeeze her eyes closed once more.
“Come here,” Gregory said, pulling her close.  “Let me help.”
Part of her expected him to kiss her – hoped for him to kiss her – but instead he held her gently in his arms and rubbed her back in soothing circles.  It didn’t take long before Terese felt the tension start to leak away, between the comforting motion and the heat from his body, and she laid her head on his chest.
“Why is this happening?” she wondered aloud. 
“I have no idea,” Gregory told her.  “Jessa never went through anything like this, but then again, she’s not a Life Elementalist and can’t see auras and energy.”
“I thought we could only see energy fields of living things,” Terese said softly.  “Why are there colours everywhere?”
She felt him shrug.  “I can only assume that it is something that you will learn to control.  Casper certainly doesn’t seem to suffer from this... visual disturbance, but he knew exactly what was happening to you on the transport.”
Gregory stopped rubbing her back and stepped away, keeping his hands resting lightly on her shoulders.  “Better now?”
Terese slowly opened her eyes, ready to snap them shut if there was any trouble, but everything appeared normal.  “At this rate, I’m going to have to stop closing my eyes,” she said with a small laugh, looking around.
The room that Gregory had led them to appeared to be some sort of private sitting and dining area, with a small table to her left and a plush couch in front of her.  There was a digital screen in the wall in front of the couch, the image currently showing a fireplace.
“Do you need to get back to your men?” she asked, looking up at him.  When he shook his head, Terese smiled and walked over to the couch.  “Why don’t you sit with me then?  I think we need to talk.”
“An invitation to talk is never a good sign,” Gregory informed her with a small smile of his own.  “It usually means that I’m in trouble.”
“Not yet,” she told him, sitting with her back to one arm of the couch, “but we’ll see if that’s still true by the time we leave this room.”
When Gregory seated himself on the other end of the couch, body turned toward her and their knees almost touching, Terese gathered her thoughts before beginning.
“I’m going to be honest with you,” she started, “and I hope that you’ll be honest with me.”
She paused and looked him straight in the eye, part of her mind noticing how lovely his brown eyes were, filled with golden flecks.  She ignored that thought and pushed forward.  “What are we doing, Gregory?  Why are we here, and what do you expect from me?”
“What do you mean?” he asked in return.  “We’re here, in this room, because of whatever is happening with you.  We’re here in this club because I wanted you to meet some of the soldiers under my command.”
“But why?” Terese asked again, cutting him off before he could continue.  “Why did you want to introduce me to your men?  And when you did introduce me, why was it as doctor and not sergeant?”
Gregory leaned forward and reached out to caress her cheek.  “You are full of questions tonight, aren’t you?”
Terese felt a shudder run through her body at his touch.  “Please don’t touch me,” she said softly as she pulled away.  “I can’t think straight when you touch me.”
He chuckled, sounding quite pleased with himself, but he sat back and gave her space.  “I introduced you as Doctor Conterra because, though I recognize and value your rank within the Protectorate, being a sergeant is not as... memorable as being a doctor.  I wanted them to remember you.”
Terese took another deep breath.  “Okay, that makes sense, I guess, but it just leads to more questions.  Why do you want them to remember me at all?  Once you’re bound to your new partner, you’ll be back to work and I’ll be—”
“At my side, I hope,” he interrupted.  “You asked what we’re doing, and what I expect from you, and I told you that on the transport earlier.  I want you to be my bonded partner, so what we’re doing is getting to know each other better.”
“What?  I thought that was just...”  Terese trailed off, not sure what, exactly, she’d thought when Gregory had said those words to her.  She shook her head.  “I can’t be your bonded partner, Gregory.  I’m just a journeyman, and I have a job to do back on Miralea.  I couldn’t ask you to give up command of the First for me.”
Gregory straightened, taken aback.  “Give up my command?  Why would I do that?”
“Oh, so you expect me to give up my career to be with you, but you didn’t even consider doing the same for me?”  Terese was suddenly angry, and she pushed herself to her feet, ready to storm out of the room and the club.  She was most of the way to the door before Gregory caught her by the arm.
“Terese, wait.”
“Why?” she demanded, trying to pull her arm away from him, but he held her firmly.  “You want what you want, without consideration for me at all!  I have nothing else to say.”
“Well I do,” Gregory stated firmly, pulling her close and wrapping his arms around her body to keep her there.  Terese stiffened, determined not to let him affect her this time.
“It was not my intention to belittle your career,” he told her, moving slowly backward toward the couch.  “I... I just didn’t think, that’s all.  This is all happening so quickly.”
She narrowed her eyes as she looked up at him.  “What do you mean?”
Reaching the couch, Gregory let her go and moved around to sit again.  Running a hand through his hair, he looked up at her where she still stood and he blushed.  Terese almost died of shock to see him so out of sorts.
“I’m sure you remember how... unbalanced I was when we first got to Miralea,” he said.  “Caught up in memories of Jessa combined with being alone on a beautiful island with a wonderful, intelligent, funny young woman...  I’m not sure how it happened, but somewhere along the way, I think I started to fall in love with you.”
Terese shook her head as she moved around the couch to perch on the end, bringing her gaze level with his.  “It isn’t love,” she protested.  “Whatever you’re feeling is just the after effects of what’s happened to you.  I was there, so I was an easy one to latch on to.”
“I thought so at first,” Gregory agreed, “but when you were touring the facility at Miralea, I started to realize that I was going to lose you soon, and the thought didn’t sit well with me at all.”
“It’s a pretty big step to go from getting to know someone for a couple of weeks to bonding yourself to them for life,” she pointed out.  “Why would that even cross your mind?”
He reached toward her, and Terese fought the urge to jerk away from him.  She hadn’t been lying when she’d told him it was hard for her to think when he was touching her.  She wanted her wits about her for this conversation, but regardless, she still let him pick up her hand and hold it between his two warm palms.
“Everything I said on the transport was true,” Gregory informed her gravely.  “I know from experience the strength of the urges that will take you when you’re a master-ranked Elementalist.  I watched Jessa fight those instincts every time, and she lost, every time.  I honestly can’t stand the thought of someone else in your bed, Terese, and since I need a bonded partner, the solution seemed obvious to me.”
“Obvious?” Terese repeated, disbelief dripping from the word.  “It was obvious to you that I’d bond myself to you for life, give up my medical career, and do what?  Act as a medic for your command for the rest of my days?  If this was obvious to you, then you don’t know me at all, Gregory.”  
She pulled her hand from between his and stood.  “Come on.  Let’s get you back to the med centre.  I want to talk to Doctor Holidran before I go to sleep, and you’ll want a good night’s rest before you meet Saveen in the morning.”
“And what happens to me if I don’t get along with her, or if she rejects me too?” Gregory asked softly from behind her.  “Would you honestly leave me to rot in medical isolation while you head back to your dream job?”
“Would you consider a transfer to Miralea for a year so that I can fulfill my commitment to the med centre there?” she asked in return.  When only silence answered her, she nodded.  “Exactly.  It looks to me like we’re at an impasse, Commander.”
The walk back to the palace complex was blessedly silent.  Terese was at war with herself, something that was hard enough to work through without comments or conversation on the part of the reason she was fighting with herself.  Gregory Feulion had tied her up in knots, her desire for him warring with her desire to practice her specialty.  She wanted to be with him, physically and emotionally, but she wanted the reward for all of her hard work too; she wanted her position on Miralea, just as badly as she wanted Gregory.  
By the time they reached their temporary residence, Terese was no closer to being able to answer Gregory’s question.  If Saveen proved unsuitable, would she leave him here and return to her dream job?  Could she?  She sighed and paused just inside the gates.
“Look, Commander,” she said when Gregory stopped next to her.  “Let’s not get ahead of ourselves, okay?  You meet with Saveen tomorrow and spend the day truly trying to get to know her, and if at this time tomorrow you’re unhappy, we’ll talk.”
Gregory nodded.  “That seems fair.  Thank you for not just dismissing me, Terese.  I do honestly think that there is something between us, something that could be wonderful if we let it.”
He stepped close to her, and she let him, her body craving his touch.  As he kissed her, gently at first but with a building urgency, Terese wrapped her arms loosely around his waist, one hand edging down to grasp his tight ass.  When Gregory broke away, she fought the urge to complain.
“Come on,” he said, taking her hand with a wicked little smile.  “You can tuck me in.”
She wasn’t sure if she should laugh or be shocked, or perhaps a little of both, but Gregory had tugged her into motion before she made up her mind.  About halfway across the courtyard, she stumbled, her hand pulling free of his grasp.
“What’s wrong?” Gregory asked, turning back to look at her. 
Terese shook her head, unsure, and then a concussive blast rocked the complex.  The courtyard beneath their feet fell away, Terese and Gregory plummeting down into darkness.  Terese barely had a chance to scream before she struck the hard ground below, and everything when black.



Chapter 13
Gregory regained consciousness all at once, the sound of Jessa ranting as she paced nearby bringing a smile to his lips.  He kept his eyes closed, just listening.
“I swear by all that is holy, if I lay my hands on that man, I’m going to hang him myself!” 
“I know that you’re angry, Jessa, but I’m sure he didn’t intend to cave in part of the courtyard.”  Gregory identified that reasonable voice as Prince Karim Jaleel, Jessa’s fiancé and the future king of Erumar.
“And what about the hostage he took?  Did he not mean to do that either?”
Panic stabbed through Gregory at those words.  “Hostage?” he asked, opening his eyes.  “Who was taken hostage?  Where’s Terese?”
Gregory pushed his aching body up on the bed, looking around the medical isolation room.  Jessa occupied the free floor space at the foot of his bed, with Karim standing against the wall nearby.  Casper sat on a chair beside the bed, so quiet that Gregory hadn’t even realized he was in the room at all. 
“Someone please explain what is going on,” he asked, forcing his voice into a calm that he most certainly did not feel.
“When Jax escaped last night, he blew a hole in the courtyard, the hole that you fell into,” Casper explained.  “The hostage Jessa mentioned was the young royal guardsman who’d been standing guard at his cell door.”
“So where is Terese?” Gregory asked again.  When Jessa wouldn’t meet his eyes, he panicked, starting to roll out of bed.  “Where is she!?!”
“Gregory!” Casper reprimanded him, using his powers to freeze him in place before he could fall.  “You’re going to hurt yourself.  You broke your leg when you fell, among other things, and you’re not finished healing yet.  When I let you go, you’re going to settle back into bed.  Understand?”
Face grim, Gregory nodded, and when Casper released him, he did as he was told.  “Is she dead?  Because if she is, I’m going to hunt that bastard down and kill him myself!”
Jessa blinked, startled by his reaction, but Karim shook his head.
“The doctor isn’t dead,” the prince told him, “but she is badly hurt.  She’s in the next room, in a coma.”
Gregory fell back against his pillows.  “In a coma?  Why?”  He turned to Casper for answers.
“She struck her head when she fell,” the doctor said.  “There was a lot of blood, which isn’t unusual for a head wound, but she isn’t responsive yet.”
“What does that mean?”
“It means that you need to bond to this Saveen woman and get back to work,” Jessa told him.  “Terese will likely wake up eventually, but I need you back to work now.”
“Excuse me?”  Gregory felt anger bubble up inside of him at the queen’s callous words, and even Casper looked shocked.
Jessa sighed.  “I’m sorry that your doctor is injured, but she’s getting the best possible care and there’s nothing you can do for her anyway.  Her job was to get you here so that Casper could find you a suitable partner, and they have both done their jobs.  You’ll be healed by tomorrow, so it’s time to get you back where you belong – in command of the First.”
“No.”
“Pardon me?”  Jessa’s face was carefully neutral, as was her tone of voice, but Karim pushed away from the wall and took a step toward her anyway. 
“I won’t bond to Saveen,” Gregory stated firmly.  “I intend to form a bond with Terese, and since she’s unavailable, I guess we’re all just going to have to wait.”
“That is unacceptable,” he was told.  “Despite the fact that my cousin is an idiot, if the information he brought us is even half true, then there is a major problem brewing.  You remember what those creatures were like, don’t you?  We can’t have them running loose through the system.”
Gregory shook his head.  “I won’t bond to anyone but Terese.  I can’t.”
Jessa’s lovely face grew dark as she scowled at him.  “I will order you to do this, Commander.”
“And I will resign, your Majesty.”
That statement knocked Jessa back on her heels, shock bringing her to silence.  
“This isn’t just defiance,” Karim observed softly.  “You care for her, don’t you?”
Gregory nodded.  He’d already realized the truth of his feelings for Terese, and there was no point in denying them.  Terese may not have believed him, but he still knew it to be true.  
“You can’t order me into an intimate relationship with a woman I’ve never even met when I’m pretty sure I’m in love with someone else.”
Jessa sat down on the edge of the bed.  “So what do we do then?  It isn’t really possible for Gregory to head out into the field without a bond in place, but I need the First looking into the information Jax brought us.”
“Why the First?” Karim asked.  “There are dozens of commands in the Protectorate.  Why not assign another group?”
“The members of the First have the highest security clearance,” Gregory answered, “and they have slightly different training that enables them to take on the covert missions they are usually used for.  It would likely take longer to get another command the training they needed to be on par with the First than it would take to wait for Terese to wake up.”
“It would be worth looking into training another unit or two,” Jessa mused quietly.  “I’m not sure why nobody’s bothered in the past.”
Casper laughed.  “That’s because you’ve been in command of the First for a good number of years, so there was no need and no worry.  Everyone in this room knows how far you pushed yourself, Jessa, and with that kind of dedication, your father had no need to train another unit.”
Everyone fell silent, trying to think of a solution.  Finally, Gregory spoke up.
“Bond me to Terese now,” he suggested quietly.
“Without her consent?”  Casper sounded horrified.  “That wouldn’t be ethical!”
“And letting Jessa order me to bond to Saveen would be?” Gregory countered.  “The only difference in this case is that Jessa would be ordering Terese into the bond instead of me.  Besides, new bonds are weak and I’d be one bearing the brunt of it, so Terese likely wouldn’t even know that it was done.  She could go back to Miralea and her job when she wakes up, and I’ll go do what Jessa needs done.”
“That’s not the only difference,” Casper argued.  “You’re at least conscious, for one, and while you may not want the bond with Saveen, you can at least express your displeasure.  Bonding Terese without her even knowing it was happening… I’m not sure she’d ever forgive you, Gregory, and if you truly care about her, is that something you want?”
Gregory looked over to Jessa and Karim.  “What do the two of you think?”
“I’m honestly torn,” the queen admitted after a brief pause and a look exchanged with Karim.  “I can understand wanting to be with the one you love, so I can understand why a bond with Saveen is unappealing.  But at the same time, bonding Terese against her will…  Because you care about her, well, I think that will likely destroy what you’ve built.  Maybe not forever, but certainly for now.”
“When we spoke about this, Terese seemed more concerned about not being able to complete her contract on Miralea than about the bond itself.  I didn’t think about it at the time, but a Reservoir doesn’t need to be with their Elementalist.  She can go to Miralea to work, and we can sort out the specifics later.  Surely a year would give her time to come to terms with things?”
“There’s still the issue of your energy needs,” Casper pointed out.  “I drained your aura of the excess when you first arrived here last night, but you need an Elementalist, Gregory.  Not necessarily a bonded one, but someone will need to be transferred into the First regardless.”
Gregory sensed that the others were starting to give in, and inside, he was both elated and terrified.  He could be breaking the fragile relationship he’d started to form with Terese by doing this, but he believed his words to be true.  Surely, given time, Terese would come to terms with the situation.  He had to believe that.
“—assuming I can bond you at all,” Casper was saying.  “As far as we know, Terese is still a journeyman, albeit one showing signs of moving up in rank in the very near future.  And she won’t be able to claim you, either.  That I will not condone, regardless of an order from the monarchy.”  He met Jessa’s gaze as he said that, and the queen nodded her agreement.
“Will the bond even work without a claiming?” Jessa asked.  
“I have no idea,” Casper admitted.  “I have no idea if any of this will work, or if we even should.”
Jessa shook her head.  “I think this is more a case of need than anything else.  If things were different, we wouldn’t need to rush, but we’re on the verge of war with Kalegan, we’ve got these Elementalist-killing beasts starting to show up in other places, and I just can’t afford to wait.  I also can’t afford for my top commander to resign his commission, and I need Gregory ready to lead his men into battle yesterday.  I don’t think we have much choice but to try.”
“I can’t believe we’re doing this,” Casper muttered, his voice laced with disgust.  
“Consider it a direct order then,” Jessa stated with a grimace.  “Gregory was right when he pointed out that there is no difference between me ordering him into a bond and me ordering her.  At least they’ve discussed the idea, and Gregory knows what he’s in for, repairing the damage he’s about to cause.”
“It still isn’t right.”
“No, but it’s necessary.”
Casper left the room to get a hover chair for Gregory so that he wouldn’t need to put weight on his still healing leg.  Jessa put a shield up around his mind, and then they made their way to the room next door.
Gregory gasped to see Terese lying unconscious in the bed, the stark white sheets seeming to pull all the colour from her skin.  Usually pale to begin with, she now looked practically transparent, and her long blond hair was still caked with blood.
“I know you told me that she was injured, but I wasn’t expecting her to look so…”
“Empty,” Casper replied.  “Right now her body is functioning fine on its own, but her mind seems to be elsewhere.  Just one more reason that I have no idea if this will work, though maybe the bonding will bring her back.  We’ll just have to wait and see, I guess.”
Gregory reached out and picked up Terese’s limp hand from where it lay on the blanket.  He grasped her hand between both of his, idly tracing random patterns on her palm, and he hoped that this worked… for both of them.
Taking a deep breath, Casper placed one hand on Terese’s head and the other on Gregory’s.  “Are you all certain that you want to do this?” he asked, and when Jessa and Gregory both nodded, the Life Elementalist closed his eyes with a sigh.
Gregory felt the lightest brush of Casper’s energy across his aura, and he remembered how good the same caress from Terese had felt, a sensation very different from what he was currently experiencing.  It seemed like months ago instead of weeks that they’d been just starting to get to know each other on Miralea.
He knew instantly when Casper started to tie his aura and his mind into that of the comatose woman lying beside him.  He only vaguely remembered his bonding to Jessa, but he remembered enough to know that it hadn’t felt like this.  Gregory didn’t know if the fact that he could practically feel Casper knitting him into Terese’s mind was a good thing or not, but it was certainly different.
“It worked,” Gregory breathed softly before Casper had a chance to say anything.  He’d felt the bond click into place like a missing piece of his soul was finally where it belonged.  He felt whole for the first time since he’d asked Casper to break the bond holding him to Jessa.
“For better or worse,” the doctor intoned solemnly, “you now seem to be bound to Doctor Conterra.  You, your Majesty, will be the one explaining all of this to the young lady when she wakes, because I will have nothing more to do with it.”
With that pronouncement, Casper pushed his way past them and out into the hall.  The door to the isolation room slide shut with a hiss, the sound quite loud in the silence of Terese’s room.
“He’s very angry with us, isn’t he?” Jessa asked rhetorically.
“He is, indeed,” Karim answered anyway.  “I think it would be very wise to stay out of the good doctor’s sight for the next little while.”
“Come on,” Jessa said, taking the handles of Gregory’s chair.  “Let’s get you back into bed so that you can finish healing, and then I’ll go and put the transfer papers in for Saveen.  Even if you’re not bound to her, you do still need an Elementalist with you, and a Fire Elementalist isn’t a bad one to have.”
Gregory let Jessa wheel him back to his room, revelling in the fact that world wasn’t trying to crowd into his head any longer.  As he settled himself back into his bed, alone for the first time since awakening, he desperately hoped that Terese didn’t hate him for what he’d done.
I’m sorry, Terese, he thought.  But I’m only sorry that this was forced on you, not that it was done.  I hope you’ll find some way to forgive me.
Knowing that she still hadn’t claimed him, and that she possibly never would, Gregory knew that there was no possible way that Terese could sense his thoughts.  Even Jessa hadn’t gained that ability, despite their years together, but Gregory didn’t care.  He’d be leaving tomorrow, chasing whatever information Jax had brought to Erumar, and there was a good chance that Terese would be long gone before he got back.  A little one sided conversation was better than nothing at all.



Chapter 14
Gregory woke the next morning feeling... normal.  He stretched slowly, working muscles that had tightened in the after effects of the healing he’d undergone, but even that was more normal than not.  He’d joined the Protectorate as soon as he’d finished his basic schooling; being a soldier was all he’d ever really known, and being injured was most certainly part of the job.   
Getting out of bed, Gregory headed immediately for the small bathroom in the corner of the isolation room.  A shower was exactly what he needed right now, and when entering the small room, he found a razor and a clean uniform awaiting him.  It was a black and navy blue combat uniform, which didn’t bode well for his first assignment back on duty, but it was still nice to see the new bar of rank on the shoulder, bringing his set up to three.
Stepping under the hot spray a few moments later, Gregory didn’t even bother keeping in the moan of pleasure he felt course through his body.  It was his experience that no matter how long or short your stay in the med centre, the first shower you had after being healed felt wonderful, and today was no exception.  Eager to get back to work, he didn’t linger, but instead washed up quickly, shaved and dressed in the crisp uniform.  Zipping the combat suit up his body, Gregory left the bathroom and then the isolation room, hoping never to have to occupy one again.  He didn’t leave the med centre itself, however, turning instead toward Terese’s room.
Keying open the door and walking in like he belonged, Gregory was hard pressed to determine who was more surprised, him or the young nurse who was tending to the still unconscious Terese.  He didn’t recognize the young woman, and decided to press his luck.
“Sorry if I startled you,” he said with what he hoped was a disarming smile.  “I just wanted to check on Sergeant Conterra before I left for Nevern to meet up with my unit.”
“Oh,” the young woman said, looking uncertain.  “Are you her commanding officer?”
“Not yet, as she’s currently assigned to Miralea for a term of duty,” Gregory explained, “but we were together when the courtyard gave way...  Why hasn’t her hair been washed yet?”
The fact that Terese’s hair was still caked with dried blood distressed him immeasurably, and he wanted to know why she wasn’t receiving the best possible care.  Nobody should have to lay in bed while covered in blood... or still dressed in blood caked clothing, for that matter.
Angry he turned on the nurse.  “Why hasn’t she been bathed and dressed in something more comfortable?” he demanded.
The nurse held up her hands before her in a calming gesture.  “We haven’t been able to move her yet,” the woman explained.  “We need her internal injuries to heal more before we clean her up.  If we move her too soon, we risk rupturing a variety of newly healed organs.”
Gregory felt like the world dropped out from under him again.  “Internal injuries?  Just how badly was she injured?”
His distress must have been obvious, as the nurse walked toward him with a smile and grasped his shoulder in a comforting gesture.  “She’ll be okay,” the woman assured him.  “Her brain waves are good, so we fully expect that when the damage has healed a little more, she’ll wake up.  She just needs another day or two.”
“A day or two,” Gregory repeated softly.  “I’ll be gone by this afternoon.”
“That’s okay,” the woman assured him.  “I’ll tell you that you looked in on her, when she wakes.”
“Thank you,” he muttered, turning away and leaving the room.  He felt dazed and uncertain.  While he knew that the bond between them was weak and incomplete, Gregory still felt that he should have known that Terese was so badly wounded by the fall.  He’d always known when Jessa was hurt, and the... emptiness where Terese should be bothered him far more than he’d thought.
“Oh wow...”
Gregory stopped where he was, a few steps outside the med centre.  “Excuse me?”  
He turned his head to the left to see a tall, curvaceous woman leaning against the wall.  She had one leg bent at the knee, the sole of her boot flat against the stone, and her arms were crossed under her breasts, drawing his eye briefly.  Her hair, a fiery red, hung loose around her shoulders in tight curls, and her green eyes sparkled mischievously.
“You’re Commander Gregory Feulion, right?” the woman asked, pushing herself away from the wall and coming toward him.  She held out her hand.  “I’m Saveen, Saveen Dinrar.”
“Ah, Lieutenant Dinrar, welcome.”  Gregory shook her hand, watching her look him up and down in open appraisal.  “Was your assignment explained to you?”
“Yes Sir, it was,” Saveen answered with a smile.  “I’m being transferred to the First for an undetermined amount of time, and you will act as my Reservoir for the duration of my assignment.”
“And have you ever worked with a Reservoir before?”
“No, this is my first time, but I would have signed up sooner if I’d known that Reservoirs were so... appealing.”  
The way she was eyeing him made Gregory a little uncomfortable, but he wasn’t willing to get into the particulars of her assignment while standing here in the courtyard.  He gestured toward the Protectorate headquarters on the other side of the open space, the area full of people working to repair the damage Jax had caused during his escape.
“The rest of the command group should be over there, outside the headquarters.  Meet up with them, introduce yourself, and you and Lieutenant Villok can sort out the whole rank thing.  You are our unit’s Elementalist, but he is my second-in-command.  Beyond that, I’ll leave it up to the two of you.”
“Yes Sir,” Saveen acknowledged with a sassy salute.  She was flirting with irreverence, but Gregory didn’t feel like dealing with it now; he had too much on his mind, between the upcoming briefing and Terese.  
“I’ll meet you all as soon as I’m finished with the queen, and then we’ll head up to Nevern to collect the rest of the unit.”  
With those final words, he left Saveen standing by the med centre and walked over to the palace steps, making sure to keep well out of the way of the workers.  He strode quickly through the doors and up the stairs to the second floor, turning toward the royal study, a room he was about to be invited into for the first time.  When Jessa had been commander of the First, Gregory had spent a fair amount of time lurking in the hall waiting for her, but now he was privy to the briefings himself.  He knocked on the door and waited to be acknowledged.
“Commander, come in.”
“Good morning, Doctor,” Gregory greeted the tall man who held the door for him.  Casper acknowledged the greeting with a stiff nod, obviously still angry.  Gregory brushed past him and bowed to the queen.
“Commander Feulion, you look well,” General Triaka commented, rising from a chair to grasp Gregory’s hand warmly.  
“Thank you, General,” Gregory said with a smile.  “It feels good to be whole again.”
Casper snorted, drawing a glare from Jessa, but nobody said anything more.
“Please, everyone, sit so that we can get down to business.” 
Jessa sat behind a large, heavy wooden desk, the furniture striking Gregory as unsuited to the queen.  He assumed that the desk had belonged to Jessa’s father, the king she’d been forced to battle and kill to save her own life, and Gregory wondered if the desk reminded Jessa of more pleasant times.  He sat in the chair facing the queen as the other men resumed their seats, one to each side of the desk so that all three heads of the government sat facing him.  The arrangement was intimidating.
“As far as this situation goes, we have been playing catch-up the entire time,” Jessa stated, frustration evident in her voice.  “About two months ago, the First took out a nest of pirates who we thought were dealing in black market tech.  Instead we found a kidnapping ring involving children.  Then, we went after the rogue Elementalist who’d been buying all of the children with the genetic profile of Elementalists or Reservoirs, but instead of finding signs of ritualistic sacrifice to gain their energy, we found experimentation and bizarre transformations.  Now, Jax has informed me that our rogue has nested outside of Erumari space, choosing Vullan’s moon to continue his experiments.”
“That doesn’t make any sense,” Gregory commented.  “Surely he must know that Shane is engaged to Vullan’s princess and is next in line to rule there?  We’d have no difficulty gaining access to the moon.”  Shane was Jessa brother, the middle of the three children, and currently living on Vullan awaiting his spring wedding, now about eight months away.
“I know,” Jessa agreed, “which makes me worried that this is another trap.  I barely survived the last time we tangled with this guy, and the fact that his new base is somewhere as easily accessible as the last has me very concerned.”
“I’m afraid we don’t have a choice,” Casper said.  “I examined the corpse of the creature you and Commander Feulion brought back last time, but was unable to isolate exactly what about its bite caused your energy problems, your Majesty.  I was able to determine, however, that the beasts do appear to share genetic material with both Erumari and canines; they are, somehow, an unnatural combination of the two.  We need to know how this rogue is creating the beasts, and we need to destroy them.”
“If the base of operations is set up in the open to lure us in,” General Triaka commented, joining the conversation, “then it is likely we will not find anything of value there.  Would it not make more sense to try to find out where this rogue is actually hiding?”
“Again, I don’t think we can risk it,” Casper disagreed.  “It would make sense to send a scout first, to watch and follow if the rogue leaves the base he’s established for himself, but the base still needs to be searched, and ultimately destroyed.”
Gregory closed his eyes, mentally running through his roster of soldiers.  “Who’s the best scout we have?” he asked aloud.
“Yasmine,” Jessa stated without hesitation.  “She fast and thinks quickly on her feet.  She’s also an excellent pilot.”
Gregory nodded.  “So I’ll send Yasmine immediately with orders to observe, follow and report, while I gather the rest of the unit and set out from Nevern first thing tomorrow morning.  I’m going to assume that this rogue has spies watching for us, which is how he knew to flee last time, so I’ll not speak with Yasmine directly, but will ensure that everyone is aware that the First is massing for an assignment.  That will hopefully give Yasmine a good head start on us, and she’ll be able to keep up with the rogue when he inevitably runs.”
“Sounds good,” Jessa agreed.  “Any other thoughts or suggestions, gentlemen?”
When Casper and the general remained silent, Gregory rose, saluted and left the room.  He made his way quickly outside and over to where Saveen was waiting with rest of his commanders.
“This is it, ladies and gentlemen,” he told them.  “We’re heading after the rogue again, hopefully with better results this time.”
“Rogue?” Saveen questioned.  “What kind of rogue?”
“A Fire Elementalist,” Gregory supplied, “so we’ll be fighting fire with fire, I guess.”
Leading the group across the courtyard to the stairs leading down to the palace landing bay, he pulled Saveen aside.  “I need you to do me a favour,” he said.
“Sure,” Saveen agreed with a smile, “whatever you need.”
Gregory described Yasmine and gave Saveen the message to give the scout.  “You’ve only been part of the First since yesterday, so word hasn’t had time to spread yet.  If there is a spy, he or she won’t know to connect you to Yasmine.”
“Assuming I’m not the spy, of course,” Saveen commented.
“Of course,” Gregory agreed.  “Though if you were, and I found out, that would be very unpleasant for you.”
Saveen winked.  “I’ll consider myself warned,” she said before boarding the transport to head up to the orbiting space station.
Gregory shook his head, wondering what Jessa had gotten him into, saddling him with Saveen for the foreseeable future.  Still, if he wanted to try to push thoughts of Terese aside, he suspected that the fiery redhead would be more than willing to help.



Chapter 15
Terese woke knowing that she’d been unconscious for days.  There was a lethargy in her limbs and her mouth was dryer than the surface of Trion, Erumar’s largest moon.  Her body also ached horribly, but nothing was causing her as much pain as whoever was trying to drive a spike through her head with a nice, constant, pounding with a mallet.  She moaned softly.
“Hold on, Doctor,” a familiar voice whispered nearby.  “Just give me a moment and I’ll take care of the pain.”
Terese’s vision was blurry, but the tall, fuzzy outline beside her bed could be none other than Doctor Casper Holidran.  Casper stretched out a limb, hovering his hand above her chest, and slowly Terese felt the pain recede.  Her head still hurt, but it was now more of an ache than a pounding.
“What happened?” she asked when she saw the silhouette straighten.  “And why can’t I see properly?  Everything’s fuzzy.”
“What happened is you fell down a large, deep hole that opened up under your feet in the courtyard,” Casper told her.  “You landed badly, breaking an ankle and a wrist, and then the rocks from the courtyard landed on you, crushing an arm, collapsing a lung, injuring your liver and giving you a very bad contusion on your brain.  You were brought here, healed by myself and my colleagues, and you’ve spent the last four days unconscious.”
“And because of the brain bleed, my sight has been affected,” Terese concluded.  “That would certainly explain the headache as well.”
“Your sight will improve over the next day or so, as we finish getting you pieced back together.”
“What about Gregory?” Terese asked.  “He was with me.  Is he okay?”
“Yes, he’s fine,” Casper said.  “He only suffered a broken leg, so he was healed and out the door in a couple of days.”
“Out the door...”  Terese closed her eyes, examining the way the doctor’s words made her feel.  Knowing that Gregory was fine brought relief, but the fact that he’d left her made her feel... sad.
“So the bonding to Saveen went fine, I take it?” she asked, opening her eyes.  The room burst into a beautiful yet nauseating swirl of colour.  Casper glowed his brilliant green and gold, the walls crawled with blue, yellow and red, and she... Terese gasped to see that the blue-green colour of her aura had dark purple splotches that scuttled across the surface like clouds being blown about on a windy day.
“What’s going on?” she asked, her voice a little panicked.  “Why is my aura different?  Do auras change colours due to injury?”
Casper sighed, and Terese looked up to meet what she assumed was his eyes.  The blurriness of her vision helped the colours to be less overwhelming, at least.
“No, auras don’t change colour when someone is injured,” he told her.  “A person’s aura is the same on the day they die as it was on the day they were born... with one exception.  This is going to take a while to explain.  Mind if I sit?”
Terese nodded, and she watched the blur that was Doctor Holidran walk to the door and lock it before coming to sit on the chair beside her.  He obviously felt that some privacy was warranted for this discussion, and the peaked her curiosity.
“I know that you want answers,” the doctor began, “but in order for me to ensure that what I tell you makes sense, I need to know what, exactly, you are seeing right now.”
“Well,” Terese began, “I can see that your aura is bright and healthy, and that it is a brilliant green laced with gold.  I can see that my aura is also healthy, but instead of just being the blue-green colour I first saw on the transport, there are some streaks of dark purple on the surface of it.”
She paused and looked to Casper for some sort of acknowledgment that the information she was giving him was what he wanted.  
“Go on,” he coaxed.  “What else?”
“There are colours on the walls,” Terese said softly.  “Red, yellow and blue.  But I thought that Life Elementalists could only see auras from living things, so why am I seeing these other colours?  Are they energy manipulations, like the shield you put up on the transport?  I could see that too.”
“What I am about to tell you is a secret, known ONLY to Life Elementalists who reach master rank,” Casper told her, his voice very serious.  “Not even the queen knows what I’m about to tell you, and I expect you to keep it secret, understand?”
Terese nodded, the movement sending a spike of pain through her head and forcing her to close her eyes again.  When the pain receded again, she opened her eyes and found her vision normal – both in clarity and in colour.  Her relief must have shown on her face, because Casper chuckled softly.
“I can help you practice your control too, while you finish healing,” he promised.  “Now, what you said was true, Terese.  Life Elementalists can only see the auras of living things, and master-ranked Life Elementalists can see the colours of the auras of living things as well as the intensity of them, which is something you learned to see as a journeyman.  So, if that is all true, what does that tell you about the colours on the walls?”
“That they are the result of living things.  So are they energy manipulations or auras?”
“Both.  They are the result of the energy flow through the crystals that power the med centre, the palace complex, and everything else.”
“But how?  The energy we feed into the crystals is inert, just simple electricity, and the crystals magnify that energy.”
“Which we then harness into a variety of uses.  The blue is the water running through the building, the yellow the air filtration system, and the red is the heating.  The colours are tied to the crystals that run the systems, but they aren’t crystal so much as crystalline.”
“You can’t be telling me that the power crystals we mine on the moons and planet are alive,” Terese scoffed.  “That’s not possible.”
“Why not?” Casper countered.  “The crystals are mined and then taken to wherever they are needed and installed.  As the crystals are fed energy, they grow, and when they reach a certain size, they are replaced and the large ones returned to the mine they came from.”
“Then what happens?” Terese wanted to know, and Casper shrugged.
“This arrangement was set up a very long time ago, and nobody knows all of the pieces of the puzzle.  We Life Elementalists know that the crystals are alive, the miners know how to remove them from the mines without damage, the specialized Elementalists who install them know about what they need to survive, and when to remove them and return them.  After that, I don’t think anybody knows what happens.”
“So what about the change in my aura?” Terese asked after silence had stretched between them for a little too long.  
Casper grimaced.  “I was hoping you’d forgotten about that,” he muttered.  “It isn’t really my place to explain everything that happened after your accident, but at the same time, nobody else would know how you know what happened.”
“And what happened?” Terese asked again, her anxiety building.
“When Gregory woke, Jessa was waiting for him.  There was some information that had come to her attention, and she needed the First back up and running, with their commander at their head.  As you and I both know, he needed a bond in order to function properly, and so the queen ordered it done.”
Casper fell quiet, leaving Terese to run his words through her mind for a few moments before continuing.  “You can speak to the queen about the specifics, but at the end of the day, your aura has changed because you have changed.  The additional colour is what happens when an Elementalist is bound to a Reservoir.”
“What!?!”  Terese sat straight up in bed, the sudden movement causing a wave of nausea to roll through her as she jarred her aching head.  She fell back on her pillows with a gasp.  “How...  Why....  I don’t know what to say.  Is it permanent?”
“I’m not sure.  The bond between you is incomplete, but enough for the commander to function as he normally would, without the need for a shield around his mind.  However, as you have not claimed him and completed the bond, it may fade over time.  I honestly don’t know.”
“So what does this all mean?”
“It means that you are now a master-ranked Life Elementalist, for one thing,” Casper said with a small smile.  “Congratulations.”
Terese grimaced.  “I still haven’t taken energy from a willing donor,” she pointed out.  
“No, that’s true, but you’re seeing auras in colours, you’re tracking energy manipulations, and you’ve bound a Reservoir.  I say that makes you a master Elementalist, and since I’m the head of the academy, that makes it true.”
“So what happens now?”
“Now, you finish healing.  While you rest here for the next couple of days, I will teach you a few things that a new master-ranked Life Elementalist should know, and then, you are free to return to Miralea and your position there.”
“Really?  I thought that being bound to Gregory meant that I had to transfer into the First.”
Casper shook his head.  “An Elementalist and a Reservoir don’t need to be together, strictly speaking.  There aren’t any real downsides to being apart, and Gregory wanted you to return to your position on Miralea.”
“Oh he did, did he?”  Terese couldn’t keep the venom from leaking into her voice.  “So he bound himself to me in order to do his job, and then just walked away?  And I’m just supposed to leave and go back to work like nothing’s changed?”
“Yes, that’s what he said.”
Terese felt a pain that had nothing to do with her healing injuries and everything to do with being used and dismissed.  Gregory had told her that he wanted to be with her, that he wanted to provide her with everything she needed, but as soon as he got what he needed, he’d left.
“What about our auras?” she wanted to know.  “Isn’t it a Reservoir’s job to ensure that I stay in balance?”
“Yes, that is part of a Reservoir’s job, but being on Miralea, it won’t be a problem for you,” Casper assured her.  “You’ll be able to tap into the power grid for anything that you need when performing your duties, so you don’t need to worry.”
“And what about him?  He’ll need the excess energy drained, won’t he?”
“We arranged to have another Elementalist transferred to the First to take care of that,” Casper explained.  “Again, it’s nothing you need to concern yourself with.  You can just concentrate on getting better, and then your reward for all of your hard work is waiting for you. I’m going to let you rest for now, and I’ll be back later for the first of your lessons.  Don’t worry, Doctor Conterra, we’ll have you out of here as soon as possible.”
After Casper left her room, Terese closed her eyes, fighting back the tears that threatened.  She felt cast aside, unwanted, though a little voice in her mind was telling her to stop being foolish.  Commander Feulion had been assigned to her as her patient, and she’d managed to heal him, hadn’t she?  He was back as a functioning member of the Protectorate, and she was nearly able to return to the job she’d worked so hard for.  So why did this whole situation hurt so badly?  
When Gregory had mentioned the possibility of the two of them becoming bonded partners, all she’d thought about was her work, her position.  Now she was getting exactly what she wanted, so what was the problem?  Was it the fact that he’d just taken what he needed from her, without her explicit consent?  Was it the fact that he was gone without so much as a thank you?
Terese fell asleep before she could work through exactly what was sitting so badly with her, but one thought was clear.  She didn’t care why Gregory had done what he’d done, but she most certainly cared about how he’d gone about it, and when they crossed paths again in the future, she had a few choice words to share with her partner.



Chapter 16
After nearly six days of travel, most of that time spent trying to avoid Saveen, Gregory was relieved beyond words when the pilot told him that there was a communication coming in for him on a secure channel.  Gregory made his way to his room, locked the door behind him, and activated his vid screen.  The face that appeared before him had wavy light brown hair that was cut short and styled fashionably, and brilliant blue eyes.  Gregory bowed his head.
“Good morning, your Highness.  How can I be of service?”
“I just got reports of an Erumari freight transport entering Vullan space,” the young prince informed him.  “I’m assuming that is you?”
“Yes, your Highness,” Gregory confirmed.  “I believe your sister told you what was happening?”
Shane, the middle of the three royal Erumari children, grimaced.  “Jessa told me something, but I’m assuming not everything.  She never tells me everything.”
Gregory smiled.  “What would you like to know?”
“I’d like to know what’s actually going on, for one.  Why, exactly, are you heading to the moon?”
“We’ve been chasing a rogue Fire Elementalist for some time now, and recent reports tell us that he’s currently hiding on your moon.  We’re here to deal with him.”
“A rogue?  Here?”
“And he isn’t a normal rogue, either,” Gregory revealed.  “This one’s been dabbling in some nasty shit.”
“Fine, whatever.”  Shane shook his head.  “My father-in-law to be wanted me to tell you that you’re officially not here.  We haven’t seen you, haven’t heard from you, and so on.  You’re on your own, Commander.”
Gregory nodded his understanding.  “That’s what we’re used to.  With luck, we’ll be in and out quickly and quietly.”
“See that you are.”  Shane ran a hand through his perfect hair.  “Look, I’m sorry we can’t be of more help, but things are a bit... rocky right now.  We can’t be seen as taking sides, what with the Kaleganese so upset.”
“Surely they know that the future king of Vullan is the brother of the queen of Erumar,” Gregory pointed out.  “I don’t see what difference it makes.”
“It just does,” Shane insisted.
“Okay.  In and out, as fast as we can, and no help from Vullan.  I get it.”
The prince nodded and shut down the communications, and Gregory shook his head.  For all of his years at Jessa’s side, he still didn’t understand half of what drove the politics in these systems.  Reaching out, he buzzed the pilot.
“Have we heard anything from Yasmine?” he asked.
“No, Commander, nothing.  That could be a good thing though.”
Gregory sighed.  “Or a very bad thing.  Thanks anyway.”
With no information from his scout, he had no idea if the rogue was here or not.  They were going in blind, again, but at least he knew a bit more about this guy and some of the tricks the rogue may have up his sleeve this time around.  Leaving his room, he made his way through the ship to the common area, formally the cargo hold.
The ship they were using for transport today was a retro-fitted freighter.  It still looked like a freighter and had all of the appropriate markings and papers for a legitimate cargo ship, but it wasn’t carrying goods.  The cargo hold was a common eating and lounging area for the First, with barracks partitioned off at one end.  The small galley kitchen was stocked with the latest appliances so that they could all get fed in a reasonable amount of time, but the soldiers of the First knew that if they were in the freighter, most of their meals would be reconstituted or plain old dried.  They were stoic about it, at least.
“Okay, ladies and gentlemen,” Gregory announced as he walked into the room, “we’re just about there.  We’ve heard nothing from Yasmine, and we’ve been told that we’re getting absolutely nothing in the way of support from the planet.  We’re on our own, like usual.”
There were a few muttered comments and some jokes, and Gregory waited for everyone to settle down.  
“We’re going in blind, but not entirely unprepared,” he continued.  “Many of you were there the first time we went up against this guy, and you all remember the beasts he’d created.  Our goal is to capture the rogue if we can, kill him if we need to, and burn his hideout to the ground.  We need to make sure that every one of those damned dogs is put down, but we’ll try to rescue any children that haven’t been changed yet, if we can.”
“But how will we know if they’re... infected or whatever the hell it is this guy is doing?” someone asked.
“We won’t.  We’ll take every precaution, but the queen and Doctor Holidran are hoping to learn more about what is happening.  In order to do that, we need the kids alive because bringing in one of those dogs is too fucking dangerous.”
Gregory looked around, seeing nods of agreement from the veterans of the unit.  Saveen looked confused, and a few of the new transfers didn’t understand what was going on either.  The new transfers would be fine, but Saveen needed to be warned.
“Lieutenant Dinrar, can I have a word with you please?”
Saveen unfolded herself from where she was sitting and sauntered over.  She met and held his gaze as she came nearer, a small smile tugging at her lips.
“What can I do for you?” she purred when she came to a stop in front of him.  Reaching out, she placed a hand on his chest, and Gregory fought the urge to step away from her.  He didn’t like it when she touched him, despite the necessity of it, and he stood still as she pulled a little energy from his aura.
“I wanted to warn you specifically about these beasts we’re likely to run into,” he told her.  “Their bite seems to be incredibly dangerous for Elementalists, so be very careful.  There’s something in their saliva that interferes with an Elementalist’s ability to tap into energy sources, and the queen nearly died when she was bitten last time we tangled with them.”
The seductive, hooded look she was giving him disappeared, and Saveen straightened.  “That sounds serious.”
“It is.  If you see one of the dogs, kill it, immediately.”
She nodded.  “You’ll be with me, right?”
Gregory held back a sigh.  “Yes, I’ll be with you.  Since I’m acting as your Reservoir, and since we know that you’ll be using your abilities, it would make no sense for me to be elsewhere.”
Saveen nodded and then turned away.  He watched her walk back to the group she’d been sitting with, reinserting herself into the conversation.  Gregory was happy that she fit in so well with the other soldiers in the command, but he still wished that it was Terese here with him instead of Saveen.  The woman was nice enough, but she came on way too strong, and he found that he missed Terese more with each passing day.
Better get used to it, he scolded himself as he made his way through the ship to the cockpit.  Terese is never going to want to see you again.  Not after what you did to her.  Reaching his destination, he flopped down into the co-pilot’s seat.
“Anything I can help with, Commander?”
Gregory looked over, meeting the steady brown gaze of one of his best pilots.  “Nope; I’m fine, Escante, but thanks for asking.”
“You sure?” the sergeant asked.  “Seems like maybe you were missing your girl.”
“Excuse me?”
“You know,” Escante said with a grin.  “That cute little blond you brought to the club.”
“She is not my girl,” Gregory growled, trying to mask his unhappiness over that fact with anger.
“Then you won’t mind if I ask her out when we get back?  She’s one hot little lady.”
Gregory closed his eyes and counted slowly to ten.  It was bad enough that he wouldn’t be with Terese, but the thought of one of his own men...  “I don’t think that would be a good idea,” he stated when his temper was back under control a little.  “And she’ll likely be back on Miralea by the time we return anyway.”
He knew that he wasn’t fooling anyone, but his sergeant was nice enough to play along.  
“Sure thing, Commander,” the man agreed with a smile.
It wasn’t long before the sight of Vullan bloomed on the screen in front of them.  The planet was a pleasant mixture of soft blue oceans and green landforms, a nice balance between the mountainous Erumar and the mostly water-based Kalegan.  It wasn’t a planet that Gregory had ever visited before, but it looked nice enough from space.
Vullan’s single moon was currently located on the far side of the planet, and Escante swung the transport around in a wide arc, avoiding the most commonly travelled routes on and off the planet.  With Shane’s message still ringing clear in his mind, Gregory didn’t want to get any closer to Vullan than absolutely necessary.  The moon, when it came into view, shone with a soft orange glow, looking like a pretty jewel as it spun slowly on its axis.
“Where should I put down, Commander?”
Gregory leaned forward and brought up a small navigation screen.  “The coordinates I received put the rogue’s base in the north-eastern quadrant of the dark side, right now.  I’ll input the position, and you can use your best judgement.  We don’t want to be too close, but we also don’t want to hike for hours on end.”
Escante nodded, checked a few gauges and readouts on the computer screens in front of him, and started to plot a course for landing.  The moon was sparsely settled, something that Gregory hoped would help them get in and out without tangling with the Vullanese, but the reason for the sparse population wasn’t going to make this mission any easier.  The moon’s atmosphere was almost entirely hydrogen gas, which wasn’t compatible with Erumari physiology.  That meant that if anybody’s life support system failed in their combat suit, the soldier was in a lot of trouble.
As Escante brought the transport in for a near perfect landing, Gregory worked his way back through the transport to gather his unit and issue their final orders.
“Okay, ladies and gentlemen, this is it.  This guy is expecting us, so assume that this place will be rigged to blow.  For those of you who do not know, in addition to the ugly ass dog creatures, the rogue we’re hunting is a Fire Elementalist.  His last place was full of fire bombs and other nasty surprises, and this place is likely no different.”
Gregory looked around the large, open space in the belly of the transport, making a point of meeting the gaze of each and every member of his team.  
“Most of you know the drill: stay with your partner at all times, and try to stay with your squad.  Listen to your sergeants, keep your comm lines open for any developing orders, and watch each other’s backs.  So partner up, and any of you who lost your partner to the royal guard can grab a newbie.  Lieutenant Dinrar, you’re with me.”
The hatch disengaged, and the First slipped out onto the moon’s surface, pairs of soldiers fading into invisibility as they engaged their stealth gear.  Gregory exited the transport last, and when all of his soldiers were invisible and on their way, he turned on his own stealth gear and started toward the coordinates Jax had provided.  
“I’m pushing the coordinates of the base to you all now,” Gregory commented over the open comm line, keying the appropriate sequence into the control pad on his suit.  With a soft beep, the location of the base appeared on a small display inside his helmet, the green light blinking slowly.
As he jogged along, weaving through the strange, jagged vegetation that grew all around where the transport had set down, Gregory ran through possible scenarios in his mind.  His last encounter with this rogue had been less than pleasant, and he wanted to be as prepared as possible.
“Saveen,” he called over the comm channel, “how good are you at putting out fires?  If this place is rigged with fire traps, can you control them?”
“It would depend on the size of the trap,” the Fire Elementalist answered, her voice slightly laboured.  “The bigger the trap, the more difficulty I’ll have with it.”
Gregory nodded, even though he knew she couldn’t see him.  What she’d said made sense, and since this was his first time working with a Fire Elementalist, he really didn’t know what they were capable of.  
Reaching the rogue’s base, Gregory gave orders for his scouting pairs to fan out and explore around the building.  What he could see of the structure consisted of a large house-like building and a pair of outbuildings, the kind usually used to store vehicles or tools.  Everything was encased in a protective shield designed to hold breathable atmosphere – the Vullanese had as much difficulty with this hydrogen-dense air as the Erumari – and there was one access tunnel within Gregory’s line of sight.  Everything about the building was functional; there were no gardens, decorations or anything ‘extra’ anywhere that he could see.
“There’s no other way in, Commander,” Lieutenant Villok’s voice came over the comm a short while later.  “The front tunnel is it.”
“Okay, then.  Everyone spread out around the perimeter of the building, and we’ll see if our new Elementalist can bring the protective field down.”
“Nice,” Saveen muttered.  “No pressure there.”
Gregory smiled.  He figured that he might as well see what the woman could do, and then try to judge her power level in comparison to Jessa’s.  They were both master-ranked Elementalists, but he knew that there was a lot of variation, as being a master was a skill set and not really a level of power.
Taking a deep breath that he could hear over the comm, Saveen prepared to gather the energy from the protective field and twist it into something else.  Gregory knew that Air powers, Jessa’s powers, were considerably more subtle than typical Fire abilities, and he was curious to see how Saveen would redirect the energy.
“Here we go,” the lieutenant said.  
There was a yank on the ambient energy levels and then the entire area erupted into a fire storm.  Screams echoed across the comm channel as soldiers were engulfed in flames, their suits malfunctioning and making them visible once again.  The building itself exploded, showering the entire area in flaming debris.  A flaming shield erupted into being around him and Saveen, the Elementalist using her abilities to keep them safe, absorbing the fire and projectiles coming toward them.
“What the hell did you do!?!” Gregory screamed at Saveen, the Elementalist flickering into view a few feet away.
“I didn’t do this,” the woman answered, her shocked face visible through her helmet as she turned to look at him.
“Well do what you can to contain it!” he commanded, running toward the nearest burning soldier as soon as Saveen dropped the shield from around them.  
Everything was chaos.  A few people who’d been on the fringes of the explosion were able to put themselves out, patting down their combat suits or rolling on the ground to try and smother the flames.  Their gear was flame-retardant, which helped, but even that wasn’t enough for those who were caught within the blast radius.  Gregory dodged small fires and a few of his less injured soldiers as he tried to lend what help he could.
Part of him was happy to see that the men and women under his command reacted to the catastrophic turn in events exactly as they were trained to do.  He could hear broken chatter over his comm link as soldiers checked in with their sergeants and the sergeants checked in with the lieutenant.  Saveen was quiet, and he quickly lost track of her and of time as he helped put out fires and triage the wounded.  By the time Gregory managed to sort everyone out and get back onto the transport, three soldiers were dead and about a dozen were wounded, five very seriously.
“Does anybody know what the hell just happened?” Gregory demanded as Escante got them back up into space.
“There might be readings from our combat suits,” one of the sergeants answered.  “Assuming they weren’t fried.”
“Where are we going, Commander?” Escante’s voice asked over the intercom.
“Miralea,” he answered without hesitation.  “It’s closer than Nevern, and Vullan won’t help us.”
With a destination plotted, Gregory took stock of his unit.  Everyone showed some sign of the fire storm, everything from reddened skin and charred combat suits all the way to burns so bad he could see muscle and bone.  Those of his men with any sort of medical expertise continued to work on treating the worst of the wounded for shock and pain, carefully wrapping the severe burns in special material that wouldn’t cling to the weeping sores.  The three dead soldiers were put into stasis fields for transport back to Erumar for burial, and the sergeant who’d mentioned the suit computers excused himself to find a control computer to review the data that had survived to see if he could figure out what had happened.  Saveen sat apart from everyone else, head down and breathing hard.
Gregory walked over to the Elementalist.  “You okay?”
She looked up at him, her green eyes wide and a little glazed over.  “I don’t know what happened,” she said, her voice soft and uncertain.  “I don’t think that I…  I know that I didn’t…”
“It’s okay,” Gregory reassured her.  “Sergeant Ridgemont is looking at any data from our suits that survived.  We’ll figure out what happened, but if you said it wasn’t you, then it wasn’t you.  You’re a master-ranked Elementalist, Saveen, and you have far more control than that.”
Saveen nodded and Gregory left the cargo bay to head up to the cockpit.
“How long until we get to Miralea?” he asked.
“Three days,” the pilot answered quietly.
“You have to do better than that, Tomas,” Gregory said.  “We’re going to lose people if we don’t get them medical attention.”
“I’ll try, Commander,” Escante assured him, “but this transport isn’t meant to go all that fast.”
Gregory put his hand on the sergeant’s shoulder.  “Just do the best you can.”
The man nodded.  “How bad is it back there?”
“We’ve lost three, and we’re going to lose more,” Gregory told him.  “It’s bad, Tomas, really bad.”
Escante sighed and leaned forward to fiddle with the controls, trying to push the transport faster.  Gregory left him to it, and went back to offer what help and comfort he could.



Chapter 17
Yasmine Tarde sat at the bar, her back to the room and a glass of wine in her hand.  She was planning to drink the wine, this particular type being one that she metabolized quickly, so there was no chance of it impairing her in any way.  It was hard to find the balance between remaining fully aware of what was happening around her and drinking enough not to get booted from the bar or draw unwanted attention to herself.  Fortunately, it was a skill she’d had plenty of experience perfecting over the years, and she made her choices carefully, depending on her assignment at the time.
Taking a sip of the sweet, fruity beverage, she spun on her stool to rake her eyes over the crowd.  The place was not the most reputable of spots, and Yasmine had made sure that her sidearm and energy blade were easily visible to help discourage patrons from being… less than wonderful company.  Ah, and here came the first one now.
“What’s a lovely lady like you doing in a dingy place like this?” the man slurred as he approached her.  “You shouldn’t be here all alone.  That’s just not right.”
Quite honestly, Yasmine enjoyed being alone.  She adored her work as scout and spy for the First, and it often kept her away from her fellows.  It wasn’t that she didn’t like the other soldiers, but she found their constant need to fill the quiet grating if she was around them too long.
“I’m waiting for someone,” she told the drunk, a small, polite smile curving her full lips but not reaching her brown-green eyes.  Another thing she’d learned along the way was how to get rid of guys who were hitting on her while she was busy working.  “I appreciate your concern, but I won’t be alone for long.”
Yasmine flicked her straight black hair back over her shoulder and looked over the man’s head toward the door of the bar.  In her experience, most guys took the hint… but she was more than willing to get nasty if she needed to.  This time, the drunk got the message and he wandered away, muttering under his breath.
She hadn’t been lying when she said she was waiting for someone.  The guy she was waiting for wasn’t her date, however, nor was he expecting her… at least not if she’d been doing her job properly.  Yasmine had been tracking the rogue Elementalist, as per her assignment, and she’d watched him come to this bar every day for the past three days at exactly the same time.  That just screamed an important meeting to her, and so today, she’d come ahead of him to see who the rogue was meeting with.
She didn’t need to wait long before her target appeared, mousy brown hair just as disheveled as always, and dark eyes darting furtive glances all around the place.  Seeing a table that met whatever requirements the man needed, he sat and signalled to the waitress to bring him something to drink.  Yasmine kept scanning the room, for all appearances looking for someone, but in her mind her confused thoughts ran rampant.  She’d been following the guy for days, back and forth between his little encampment and this moderately sized settlement, and the man just didn’t strike her as the mastermind type.  The harried and put upon lackey, sure, but not the guy in charge.  He didn’t even read to her as particularly powerful, his gift coming across as the taste and smell of ashes from a nearly extinguished fire.
A wave of muttering went through the crowd in the bar, and Yasmine turned her attention to the newest arrival, as did everyone else.  Now this man commanded the attention he received, and she could feel the power rolling off of him in waves, the scent of a forest after a storm strong in her nose and the brush of a rain-laden breeze on her skin.  He was no doubt a powerful Elementalist, gifted with both Air and Life affinities, and he looked the part.  There were no mincing movements or awkward, fearful glances from him.  Instead, he strode into the bar like he owned it, his hard blue eyes scanning the crowd.  Finding the person he was looking for, a cruel smile graced his lips and he made his way through the tables… to her target.  Immediately intrigued, Yasmine looked for a way to get closer to the men so that she could hopefully overhear what they were saying.
Seeing a man sitting alone at a table not too far from the pair that interested her, Yasmine picked up her glass of wine, fixed a smile on her face, and sauntered over.  Pulling out a chair that would let her watch the newcomer from the corner of her eye, she smiled at the man she’d just joined.
“You’re lookin’ a little lonely,” she commented.  “Mind if I join you for a bit?”
The man looked her over, taking in her tight blouse – unbuttoned to show more than a little cleavage – and even tighter leather pants.  The hilt of her energy blade sticking out of her knee high black boots didn’t seem to dissuade him at all, nor did the pistol at her waist.  With a smile of his own, he gestured for her to take a seat.
Even as she chatted with her new friend, Yasmine found her eyes drawn back to the stranger time and time again.  He seemed familiar to her somehow, but the connection was so unexpected that it took her awhile to figure it out; he looked an awful lot like her former commander, Jessalyn Amari.  She was certain she’d never met the man, which ruled out the queen’s youngest brother, Aidan, and Aidan’s twin wasn’t an Elementalist and so wouldn’t have the power she sensed in this man.  Still, there was a family connection there, she was certain.
The man she was sitting with, whose name she hadn’t bothered to pay attention to, leaned forward in his chair.  He was still talking to her, a conversation she wasn’t following at all as she strained to hear what the pair at the other table were discussing.  Needing the man to shut up, she leaned forward herself, planting her lips on his.  There was a moment of hesitation, but then the man was eagerly kissing her, his lips and tongue tasting of cheap beer, but at least he was quiet.
“—did what you asked me to,” the rogue was saying.  “The adjustment was an easy one, once I knew what I was looking at.”
“Excellent.  So when they show up to attack, they’ll have far more to deal with than they’re expecting,” the stranger commented with a cold, hard smile.
“Should I move on to the mine now?  There won’t be anything left of the house once the Protectorate get there.”
“Might as well.  I still haven’t decided which mine to attack first, though, so I’ll send you a message in a few hours, once you’re underway.  You’ve got the beasts crated and ready, yes?”
The rogue nodded and Yasmine broke away from her kiss.  Standing before the man had time to fully regain himself, she patted him on the cheek and took her leave.  As she walked toward the door, her saunter deliberately not rushed, Yasmine finished her wine, using the sweet taste of the drink to rinse away the dredges of beer.  Placing the glass on a table as she passed, she left the bar and turned right, heading down the street.  Still not appearing at all in a rush, Yasmine wandered down the road, looking at the various shop fronts and pausing once to examine some clothing on display just outside a store.  When she reached the end of the block, she turned right again and then took off at a run, doubling back on her route and heading toward the landing area just outside the shield that protected the town.
Reaching the airlock, Yasmine was already mentally running through her pre-flight checklist.  She always did some of what needing doing before she left her sleek little fighter somewhere, to aid in situations like this when she needed to get off the ground as quickly as possible.  Jamming a helmet on, she locked it and dashed out onto the landing field as soon as the airlock door cycled open, but she was only about halfway to her fighter when the sky to the west was suddenly lit up like a fireworks display.  She knew that the rogue’s compound lay in that direction, and based on his words, it sounded as if the First had just walked into a massive trap.  Scrambling into her fighter, she turned on the engines without finishing her pre-flight requirements, desperate to get over to the compound to see if she could be of any help.
It took only minutes for Yasmine to reach the scene of destruction, the area where the house and outbuildings had been nothing but a smoking crater partially filled with what looked like water.  Soldiers were still pulling bodies out of the wreckage, and she radioed Tomas Escante, who was acting as the First’s pilot for this mission.
“Escante, it’s Tarde,” she said.  “What the hell happened?”
“Beats me,” the pilot replied.  “I saw nothing but the fireball from here.”
“There’s wounded,” Yasmine stated, “so you might as well get the supplies out.  Can you move the transport any closer?”
“I think so,” came the reply.  “I’ll try to, anyway.  What are you going to do?”
“I overheard a conversation that makes me believe that one or more of the mines are in danger,” she told him.  “I’m going to call it in, but I expect they’ll summon me home to report directly.”
“I’ll let the commander know.”
Yasmine signed off and pulled her fighter’s nose upward, heading for the atmosphere and space.  She plotted a course into her computer, and called in her findings to the Protectorate headquarters as soon as she cleared the moon’s atmosphere.



Chapter 18
Terese sighed and dropped into the chair behind her desk, placing her tablet down gently.  She was tired, which surprised her a little since she’d done absolutely nothing for about a week before starting back to work a few days ago, and she’d only been doing rounds since then.  It certainly wasn’t anything taxing, but she’d been severely injured not long ago, so Terese supposed that this feeling was just her body’s way of letting her know that she was pushing herself too hard too quickly.  Closing her eyes, she let her head fall back against the chair’s headrest.
Being back on Miralea, enjoying the bright sunshine, beautiful scenery, and lovely purple water, was certainly a pleasant change from sitting in a med centre room, on a hard bed, without any company but Casper when he came for her lessons.  She’d learned a lot of interesting little tricks from the doctor, not a single one that had been of any use to her since coming here.  To be honest, she was bored.  Terese missed the uncertainty of trying to figure out Gregory’s treatment, and she missed the commander himself too… even if the man was an ass for what he’d done.  He was a sexy, interesting ass, which was more than she could say for anyone here.
Suddenly an alarm broke the silence of the Miralea med centre, the klaxon reminding her of a fire alarm or some such thing.  Bolting up from her desk, she dashed out into the hallway, trying to figure out what was going on and what to do.  She wasn’t expecting to see soldiers running down the corridor, but as everyone was moving in the same direction, she jogged along with them.
“We’ve received a mayday from an incoming Protectorate transport,” Doctor Oldrick was explaining when Terese reached the common lounge area.  “They have wounded, and we’re closer than Nevern.”
“We’re not set up as an emergency med centre,” one of the doctors protested.  “What do they expect us to do?”
“They expect us to help,” Doctor Oldrick stated firmly.  “According to the message, there were a dozen wounded, and they lost two of those to their injuries on the way here.  We’re not going to turn them away and make them travel another two days just to reach Nevern.”
The head of the med facility started handing out orders, pairing doctors up and giving them various assignments.  The commander of the Miralea unit of the Protectorate was doing the same, those members of the unit with medical training being assigned to triage the soldiers coming in.  
“Doctor Conterra!”
Terese looked over at the sound of her name, to see Doctor Oldrick coming toward her.
“As our only Elementalist, I was hoping that you could take the most severe patients,” the older gentleman explained.  “You’ll have the best chance of saving them.”
“Do we know what kind of injuries the group suffered?” she asked.
“Burns.  Very, very bad burns.”
Forehead wrinkled in confusion, Terese nodded anyway and made her way through the med centre to the landing bay.  Looking up at the sky, she could see the flare of the transport entering the atmosphere, and she wondered what had happened.  Burns were far from the most common sort of injury that soldiers received in the line of duty.
“Why did they wait so long to tell us they were coming?” she wondered aloud.
“They likely didn’t want anybody to intercept the transmission and take advantage of their weakness,” one of the Protectorate lieutenants answered her.  He had the badge of a medic on his sleeve, which explained why he was in the landing bay with her. 
“Is that sort of thing common?” she wanted to know.  She might officially be in the Protectorate, but she’d rarely seen combat during her years as a soldier.  Most of her time with the military had been spent on Nevern, in the med bay there.
“Common enough,” was the reply.
The transport came in hard and fast, and it took Terese a few moments to realize that it wasn’t a standard military transport at all, but an Erumari freighter.  A feeling of dread settled into her stomach.  She knew enough of the Protectorate to know that there was only one unit who’d be using a transport like that.  Terese pushed down her apprehension and ran toward the transport as the ramp hit the ground.
The first soldiers down the ramp were those who were injured, but still able to move under their own power.  Terese let those ones pass her by to be triaged by the medics waiting to receive them.  The next group came in trios, a pair of soldiers carrying makeshift stretchers containing their fellows who could not walk themselves.  She could see the bandages and other initial treatments that had been done, and again, she let these ones go by her.  The last group to descend the ramp was the one she was looking for, in more ways than one.  
The soldier on the stretcher was wrapped in a glimmering blanket that Terese knew as designed to prevent healing burns from sticking, reducing the damage when the victim reached help.  One end of the stretcher was held by someone she recognized from the club Gregory had taken her to, and other end was held by the commander himself.  Pushing down the maelstrom of feelings that rose inside her upon seeing him again, she ran to the stretcher to take a look at her patient.
“Is she the worst?” Terese asked nobody in particular.
“Yes,” came the terse answer.  She flicked her gaze up to meet Gregory’s lovely golden brown eyes, and then pulled her eyes away.
“Follow me.”
Terese led the way out of the landing bay and into a corridor that ran directly into the med centre.  There were triage rooms close to the entrance, and she moved into the first one, quickly washing her hands as her patient was maneuvered into the space. 
“Just lay the stretcher on the bed,” she ordered.  “There’s no point in moving her onto the bed right now.  She hopefully won’t be staying here.”
As soon as the soldier was settled, Terese pulled on gloves and gingerly pulled back the protective blanket the woman was wrapped in.  Pursing her lips in displeasure, she reached for a pair of scissors to cut away the remnants of the soldier’s uniform, revealing patches of skin that ranged from the light pink similar to a sunburn all the way to missing entirely.  The woman’s entire left side was a mess, and there would be permanent scarring, regardless of what Terese did to help.  Some of the burns went all the way through muscle to bone, and in one spot, even some of the bone was burned and damaged.
“What happened?”
“We were set up,” Gregory told her, his voice sending shivers through her that she harshly pushed down.  She needed to concentrate on her patient, not waste time trying to sort through the very mixed feelings the man inspired.  “The atmosphere was mostly hydrogen, and the rogue adjusted the air crystal system inside the compound so that it was generating nearly pure oxygen.  When Saveen brought the shield down…”
“Boom,” Terese said softly, remembering her chemistry lessons from school.  Taking a deep breath, she turned to face the pair of men who’d come into the room.  “I need you both to leave, and shut the door behind you.  I’ll be busy for some time, and since neither of you look to be terribly damaged, I’m sure that you can be of use elsewhere.”
She turned her back on them, a clear dismissal, and she got to work.  She had to peel away the woman’s uniform and clear off as much of the damaged skin and tissue as she could before she’d be able to do anything more.  Terese knew that she’d need help later, but she was perfectly capable of getting started on her own.
The majority of the work at this point was physical, something that worried Terese a little, considering how tired she’d felt.  The adrenaline coursing through her system seemed to be working to keep her earlier lethargy at bay, however, and she worked for over an hour without stopping.  By the time she was done, the task not taking as long as she’d thought it would, she was ready to take a little break.  Getting a fresh burn blanket out of the cupboard, Terese draped it over the still unconscious woman’s body, and then sat down beside her.
Now it was time to take stock of her patient’s vitals.  Terese had turned on the monitors in the room, so she knew that the woman’s heartbeat was too fast and her breathing too shallow, but those things were normal for someone in the soldier’s condition.  Closing her eyes, Terese expanded her senses, searching her patient for other signs of shock, as well as checking for damage on the woman’s back.  If she didn’t need to roll her over, then why put her through that?
Satisfied that she knew what she was dealing with – third degree burns to about twenty percent of her patient’s body and fourth degree burns to another five percent – Terese set about checking for signs of infection; after about three days on a transport without a proper med bay, she’d actually be surprised if there wasn’t some infection.  Finding what she was looking for, Terese extended her power into her patient’s body, purging the microbes and healing the damage they’d started to cause.
Tapping into the med centre’s power grid, Terese pulled power to start re-growing the bone and muscle that had been burned away.  She’d have to do this a number of times over the next few days, but if Terese managed to keep the soldier stable while she forced the woman’s body to heal in ways that should be impossible, then the woman had a good chance of regaining most of her mobility.
~§~§~§~
 “Terese?  Are you okay?”
The sound of Gregory’s voice woke her, and she sat upright too quickly.  The room spun and she slid from the chair she’d been perched on, but he was there to catch her.
“What happened?” Terese asked, holding a hand to her aching head.  
“You were healing, and then you passed out,” Gregory told her.
She narrowed her eyes.  “And how do you know that?”
“I…  I felt you using your energy before you tapped into the grid,” he told her.  “Knowing you were going to do something that required a lot of power, I came over here to keep an eye on you.”
“I see.”  Terese turned away from him to hide her discomfort, anger over the fact that he could sense her at all warring with a much softer feeling, knowing that he was concerned about her wellbeing.  A little late for that, isn’t it? she thought to herself.  Instead of dealing with her thoughts, Terese lifted the burn blanket to see what she’d managed to accomplish before exhausting herself.  She was happy to see that most of the burned bone had been re-grown, and she tucked the blanket back into place.
“Since you know so much,” Terese commented, pushing herself to her feet and turning to face him, “why did I pass out?  And how long will it be before I can heal her again?”
The words were spoken with a tone that was far too harsh for the topic, but Terese couldn’t keep the anger from bubbling up.  “Well?”
“Why don’t you pass along whatever orders you have for your patient, and then we’ll talk?” Gregory proposed.  “You won’t be able to do anything else without at least a few hours of sleep.”
Terese nodded, having no reason to doubt the truth of that statement, and she led the way from the room.  Finding a nurse, she passed along her orders and then walked back to her office.  She knew that Gregory was following her, could actually sense his presence now that she wasn’t doing anything else, but she didn’t turn around or acknowledge him in any way.  When she reached her office, she walked in and threw herself down on the couch.
“You passed out because you exhausted your body’s ability to handle that much power,” Gregory said, getting right to the point as he sat down in the chair behind her desk.  “Your energy level is fine, since you were tapped into the power grid to do your healing, but your body has limits.  Those limits will expand with time and practice, but for now…  Well, there’s not a lot you can do about it.”
“And how much sleep will I need between healings?” she asked, staring up at the ceiling.  “I’m probably going to have five or six more rounds of that before I can leave her to her own body’s ability to cope with the damage.”
“At least four hours, if you’re anything like Jessa was.”
An uncomfortable silence descended between them.  Anger roiled inside of Terese, but she didn’t know where to start, so she said nothing.  Finally, as if he’d reached his ability to stand the quiet, Gregory spoke.
“I’m sorry.”
“You’re sorry?”  Terese sat up and glared at him from across the room.  “You bound us together without my consent, then you left me alone to hear about it from Casper, and all you can say is that you’re sorry?”
“What would you like me to say, Terese?” he asked quietly.  “I regret not being the one to tell you, but I was needed elsewhere and didn’t have a lot of options.”
Terese let out an exasperated sigh, the puff of air blowing her blond hair back from her face.  “But you don’t regret the bonding itself.”
Gregory shook his head.  “No, not at the most basic level, I don’t.  I wanted this to happen, I mentioned it to you more than once, but I never wanted to force you into it like this.”
Terese stood, her body rigid with anger.  “So you get what you want, yay for you.  What about me?  What about what I want?”
Gregory stood and walked toward her.  “And what do you want, Terese?  What would make you happy?”
“I want—”
Terese was interrupted by a knock on her office door.  As she was turning her head toward the sound, the handle was already moving, and a lovely woman in a dirty but reasonably intact combat uniform walked in.  She was tall, with lovely red hair, and Terese knew that this had to be Saveen.
“Oh, sorry,” she said unapologetically to Terese.  She turned to look at Gregory, a smile spreading across her face.  “I need to talk to you, Commander.”
“Right now, Saveen?” Gregory asked, his voice tight.  “I’m rather busy.”
Saveen looked at Terese once more.  “I’m sure the doctor can wait.”
Terese felt her eyes widen.  How could this woman be so rude?  She heard Gregory sigh.
“Get some sleep, Terese,” he told her.  He lifted a hand as if he was going to reach out and touch her, but he dropped it back to his side after a momentary pause.  “We can talk again after you’ve rested.”
At a loss for words, she watched Gregory turn away from her and follow the lieutenant out of her office.  He shut the door behind him, leaving Terese alone with her thoughts and emotions, neither of which were any clearer now that she’d spoken to him a little.  One thought was stronger than the others, however.  For the second time in the recent past, Gregory had walked out on her and their unfinished business.



Chapter 19
“How dare you!” Gregory spat, turning on Saveen a few steps down the corridor outside of Terese’s office and pushing her up against the wall, his hands on her shoulders.  “How dare you barge into the office without being invited, and how dare you belittle the doctor?  I don’t know where you got this idea that you’re the most important person in the universe, but I can tell you that you most certainly are not!”
Saveen blinked her pretty green eyes, not looking terribly troubled by his words.  Instead, she lifted an arm and ran a fingertip gently down his chest, following the path of the zipper on his combat suit.  When it looked like she was going to keep right on following the zipper down, he grabbed her hand to stop her.
“What do you think you’re doing?” he demanded.  “And what’s so damned important that you had to find me now?”
“I’m your partner, and you’ve been avoiding me,” Saveen explained, leaning into him and pressing her body against his.  She draped her free arm around his neck.  “We should be taking this opportunity to get to know each other.”
“You are not my partner,” Gregory assured her as he dropped her hand and untangled himself from her arms before stepping back.  “You are just my Elementalist.”
Confusion clouded her face.  “What do you mean?  How can I be your Elementalist but not your partner?”
Gregory crossed his arms to keep from shaking her.  He’d thought this had all been explained, but Saveen either hadn’t heard the message or hadn’t listened.  “This is a business relationship, nothing more.  I will provide you with energy when you need it, you will make sure that my aura is drained of excess on a regular basis, and other than that, I’m your commanding officer and you’re a member of the team.”
Saveen blinked.  “Yes, I know that.  With everything that’s happened in the past few days, along with how emotional this situation is, I figured you’d be running hot, and you are.  I’m just inviting you to share that excess energy with me…  We’ll both feel better, I promise.”
“Fine,” Gregory agreed, holding out his hand.  “Go for it.”
Saveen tilted her head.  “You want to do this here?  In the hallway?”
He smiled, and it wasn’t a pleasant smile.  “Take my hand and pull the energy from me,” he said.  “That’s all there’s going to be, so the hall is just as good a place as any other.”
“But… I thought that Reservoirs and Elementalists…”
“I told you, Saveen, you’re not my partner.  We don’t have that kind of relationship.”
“We could, if you’d get down off that high horse of yours and act like a man.”
Gregory knew that she was angry, he could see it in the dangerous sparkle in her eyes and hear it in her words, but he really didn’t care.  She shouldn’t have been so rude to Terese, and he really wasn’t the least bit attracted to her.  He could see that she was attractive, and he knew that she’d found others in the First to satisfy her physical needs, but there was no way in hell that he was going to have sex with her.  Not now, and likely not ever.
Saveen took his hand, and he felt her draw energy from his aura and into hers.  It did make him feel better, that much was true, but it was a clinical, impersonal thing between them, and that was just how he liked it.  When she was finished, she dropped his hand and turned away from him.
“I’m sorry, Saveen, but if you’re looking for a more physical relationship, you’re going to have to look elsewhere.”
She made a rude gesture over her shoulder as she walked away, and Gregory tried hard to bite back a smile in case she turned around.  As soon as the Elementalist was out of his sight, he turned back to Terese’s office, knocking lightly on the door in case she’d followed his advice and was asleep.  Hearing nothing, he slowly turned the handle and peeked inside the room, finding it empty.  With a sigh, he stepped inside and shut the door.
Gregory knew that there was a chance that she’d gone back to her room to sleep, but it was a small one.  Based on what he’d learned about her during his time as her patient, Terese was far more likely to sleep here, which meant that she was likely to come back in the near future.  Wondering what she’d seen in the hall when she’d left, Gregory pulled out the couch into a bed and got everything ready for Terese when she returned.
When he was finished, there was still no sign of Terese, nor could he feel her presence.  Considering how weak and incomplete their bond was, all that meant was that she wasn’t close and she wasn’t using her energy to heal right now, and he sat down behind the desk to wait.  He knew that he’d said they could talk after she’d rested, but he was wound up and he preferred to get his relationship with Terese sorted out sooner rather than later, for better or for worse.
His eyes fell on the computer controls embedded in the desk, and he leaned over to key open a long range communication channel.  Putting in a code he knew by heart, Gregory leaned back and waited.  It was the middle of the night on Erumar, so it would take a little while for the call to be answered, but it was important.
“I’m going to kill you, Gregory, if this isn’t a matter of life and death.”
“Hello to you too, your Majesty.”  Gregory smiled and put his elbows on the desk, leaning forward.  “Did I wake you?”
Jessa pushed her brown hair back from her face and propped her head on her hand.  He assumed that her elbow was on the mattress of her bed, but couldn’t see to know for certain.
“You know damned well that you woke me, or you wouldn’t be grinning like an idiot.”
“Be nice, Jessa,” Gregory heard from the speakers.  “Not even he would wake you without good cause.”
“Hello, your Highness!” he called, his smile widening.
Jessa closed her eyes, for all appearances searching for patience.  “Get on with it, Gregory.”
“I regret to inform you that we lost five members of the unit,” he told her, his expression turning serious.  “Three in the attack, or trap, or whatever you want to call it, and two more on the way here.”
“And where are you?” Jessa asked, her eyes moving away from him to look at the location code in the corner of the screen.
“We’re on Miralea,” he provided.  “It was closer than Nevern.”
“Why didn’t you go to Vullan?”
“Your brother contacted me when we reached their space and explained that they wouldn’t help us in any way with this.  He said that they can’t be seen as taking sides in any way.”
Jessa cursed and flopped back onto the bed, looking at the ceiling.  “Damn that man!”
Gregory wasn’t sure if she was talking about Shane or Vullan’s king, but ultimately, it didn’t really matter.
“Yasmine checked in with Tomas shortly after the attack,” Gregory continued.  “She mentioned something about an attack on one of the mines?”
“Yes, we heard from her a couple of days ago and have alerted the mines to increase their security.  We’re expecting her back here any time now to report in and explain in more detail.  We wanted to keep the communication brief, in case someone’s listening.”
Gregory nodded.  “So what do you want me to do?”
Jessa rolled back over to face the monitor again.  “Get some sleep, and I’ll be in touch as soon as we have a plan.  How many of you are out of commission?”
“In addition to the five we lost, there are three who may or may not survive, and another seven or eight wounded who will be fine, eventually, but who likely won’t be combat ready for a while.  The med staff here is taking good care of us, but there’s only one Elementalist to force healing.”
Jessa nodded.  “I’ll get back to you soon, likely in a few hours.  I need to talk to Yasmine, and I need to confer with Triaka and Casper.”
“We were set up, Jessa,” Gregory said.  “Someone who knows our SOP set us up.  We never had a chance to do anything, really.  As soon as Saveen brought the shield down, it was over.”
“I know,” Jessa commented sadly.  “Escante sent us the data as soon as Ridgemont finished compiling it.  Try to get some rest.”
The monitor went blank for a moment, and then the slide show of beautiful scenery that doubled as art for the office flared back to life.  Gregory sat back in the chair, suddenly feeling very tired.  Still, there was no sign of Terese.  Knowing that she needed sleep even more than he did, he pushed himself up and went to find her.
As Gregory made his way through the med centre building, he found a few of his men sprawled here and there, getting what sleep they could.  There were a few doctors and nurses awake and moving around, checking on patients and seeing to the needs of his unit, and he made sure to smile and thank anybody who crossed his path.  He knew that this med centre wasn’t used to emergencies like the one he’d presented them with, but they’d done an admirable job of coping with the disaster he’d dropped into their lap.  
Reaching the triage rooms close to the landing bay, Gregory was entirely unsurprised to find Terese back in the chair where he’d found her not long ago.  She was, once again, asleep, her head pillowed on her arms at the bedside.  He had no idea if she’d just come to check on her patient or if she’d tried healing her again, but it didn’t really matter.  He gently scooped her up into his arms, Terese immediately snuggling against him and resting her head on his shoulder, still sound asleep.  The action made him instantly hard, longing for the woman in his arms slamming into him, and Gregory bit back a groan.
“Come on, sleepy,” he said softly.  “Time for rest in an actual bed.”
It took him little time to weave his way back to Terese’s office, and he shifted her weight in his arms to open the door.  Pulling back the blanket on the bed he’d made up for her, Gregory laid her down gently and tucked the blanket around her.  She settled against the pillow with a sigh, and her breathing deepened once more.
He stood there for a little while, just watching her sleep and trying to figure out if he could have done things differently.  Being back beside her after a week apart, Gregory knew that leaving her again would be even harder, but what could he do?  She seemed happy enough – when she wasn’t so pissed off at him, of course – and she was certainly in her element here.  He couldn’t ask her to give this up for him, but could he give up the First for her?
Jessa had told him to get some sleep, something he knew he needed.  Careful not to disturb Terese, he stretched himself out on top of the blanket beside her, but with distance between them.  He’d taken advantage of her while unconscious by forcing their bond, and he wanted no hint of anything she didn’t consent to marring his chances to make amends.  
Laying on his back, Gregory crossed his arms under his head, thinking.  If leaving her would be too hard, maybe he shouldn’t leave at all.  Rolling that idea around in his mind a bit more, Gregory was surprised to find that it felt right to him.  He wanted to be where Terese was, and if that was on Miralea, then so be it.
Assuming that’s what will make her happy, he thought to himself.  Terese hadn’t had the opportunity to tell him what she wanted, and even more important to him than being with her, was Terese’s happiness.  He’d stay with her if she wanted him to, but if she never wanted to see him again, if she didn’t want this bond between them, then he’d give that to her.
With a sigh, happy to have figured something out of all this mess, Gregory closed his eyes and let his body relax.  He just needed to talk to Terese a little more, and then he’d have a plan… he hoped.



Chapter 20
Pushing her fighter as hard as she could, Yasmine came screaming into Erumari space.  The expected hail came from the Protectorate, asking her to identify herself.  She knew that her course and speed looked suspicious, and she didn’t hesitate to respond to the hail.  Everyone was jumpy, between what had just happened to the First and the looming conflict with Kalegan, and Yasmine didn’t want to accidently be blown to bits by her fellows.
“This is Scout Tarde, of the First,” Yasmine broadcast.  “I’ve been directed to report for debriefing.”
“Welcome back, Scout Tarde,” a voice told her over the comm channel.  “Proceed along these coordinates, and land in the palace landing bay.  You are to report to the headquarters immediately after landing.”
Yasmine checked the coordinates sent to her, plugging them into her computer.  She was being directed around to the dark side of the planet, and as she turned her fighter’s nose to align herself with her new trajectory, she caught sight of Nevern off to her left.  The space station flashed with reflected light from the sun, and she smiled.  It was good to be home, for however brief a stay.
The palace complex never truly slept, and there were people in the landing bay as well as walking between buildings in the courtyard.  Nodding politely when someone looked in her direction, Yasmine set off toward the Protectorate headquarters, anxious to get her debrief over with so she could have a decent night’s sleep.  Her fighter, while technically able to be lived in for an indefinite amount of time, left a lot to be desired after a day or two.
A wave of power rolled over her an instant before she heard her name being called.  The feeling of being in the middle of a meadow, surrounded by flowers and other green, growing things, settled into her, making her shudder gently.  She could smell the sun-kissed grass and practically taste the wild berries growing somewhere nearby.  Yasmine turned to see who’d called her.
“Scout Tarde,” the man called again.  “Let me accompany you, if that’s okay.”
The level of power, combined with an unusual physical appearance – tall with white-blond hair and light green eyes – labelled the man approaching her as none other than Doctor Casper Holidran, head of the palace medical facility and leader of the Elementalists and their academy.  Yasmine hadn’t had the opportunity to meet him before, but the fact that he was heading in the same direction as she was didn’t bode well for an early night.
“Of course, Doctor Holidran,” she replied with a smile before turning back toward headquarters.  “Do you happen to know if a damage report was sent in by the First yet?”
His face clouded over and nodded.  “I’m afraid so.  By the time the unit reached Miralea for medical attention, they’d lost two more soldiers.  That’s in addition to the three who died in the explosion.”
Yasmine winced.  “That’s… horrible.”
“I’m so sorry,” the doctor told her, his voice carrying sincere overtones of sadness.  
She nodded, accepting his condolences and silently thanking him for not asking if there was anything he could do.  That question was so trite…  As if an outsider could understand how hard it was to lose five friends in a single incident.
Reaching the Protectorate headquarters, the pair turned immediately toward the stairs leading upward.  The general’s office was on the second floor of the building, and was the place she’d reported to for debriefing every time she’d had to do this in the past.  In Yasmine’s experience, the more sensitive the information she uncovered in the course of her work, the more likely she’d end up in General Triaka’s office.
As she walked down the hall, Yasmine found her attention turning back to the man walking beside her.  She hadn’t felt anything like his power before, and it refreshed her and made her feel more alive just being near him.  It was rather exhilarating, actually, and that sent a shiver of dread up her spine.  A feeling like this could easily become intoxicating, she knew, and Yasmine found herself slowing as they approached the office door, trying to put a little distance between herself and the doctor.
Doctor Holidran knocked on the door, and held it for her when the general’s voice came from inside.  Walking into the room, Yasmine felt her lips tug upward into a warm smile.
“It’s so great to see you again, your Majesty,” she greeted the queen.  “Though it would have been nicer under different circumstances.”
“That is very true,” Jessa acknowledged from where she sat behind the general’s desk.  “Please, have a seat.”
The chair to which the queen gestured sat directly in front of the desk, facing Jessa.  General Triaka stood at the queen’s shoulder, and Casper took up a place beside Yasmine, where she could see him from the corner of her eye.  The combination of Jessa’s power and Casper’s was familiar in how it felt, and her confusion must have shown on her face.
“What’s wrong?” Jessa asked.
“Nothing,” Yasmine was quick to answer, but she’d worked with Jessa for a number of long years and the queen knew her better than that.
“Something is bothering you,” she insisted.  “Tell us.”
“Well… the man I saw, who was meeting with the rogue you sent me after… his power felt like what I feel in this room right now.”
“What do you mean, his power felt?” Casper asked, looking between Yasmine and Jessa.  When Jessa shook her head, everyone turned their attention to the scout.
“There isn’t really any other way to explain it,” Yasmine explained.  “I…I can sense the power level of Elementalists, and tell what kind they are when they are close enough.”
Silence descended on the room.
“That isn’t an ability I’ve heard of before,” Casper said softly.  “Do you have any Elementalists in your family?  And why didn’t you mention this to anyone before?”
Yasmine opened her mouth to answer, but Jessa made an impatient gesture.  “You can indulge your scientific curiosity later, Doctor,” the queen said.  “We need to know everything that Scout Tarde discovered right now.  Go ahead, Yasmine.”
“Well, after I followed the directions given to me, I found that the rogue was hiding out in a small complex set by itself away from any of the nearby settlements.  He would head into a bar in the nearest town every day at the same time, a time which didn’t correspond with a usual meal time, so on the third day, I showed up ahead of him to wait and see what happened.
“The thing that struck me as really odd was how mediocre the rogue is,” she commented.  “He’s not a terribly powerful Fire Elementalist, which makes me wonder why he’d head out on his own at all.”
“What do you mean?” Casper asked, obviously still curious about her ability.
She turned her head to look at the doctor.  “I can tell which type of Elementalist a person is by the way their power feels, smells or tastes, depending, and that helps me figure out their power level too.  The rogue’s power tastes almost like ashes, reminding me of a fire that’s nearly dead.  He’s not a terribly powerful man.”
“What else did you learn?” the general prompted her, bringing Yasmine’s attention back toward the pair behind the desk.
“The man the rogue was meeting with was a very different type of person.  Also an Elementalist, his power reminded me of a forest after a storm.  Like I said before, the combination of the queen’s Air affinity and the doctor’s Life affinity is very similar, but the two of you are more powerful together than the man I saw.”
Jessa’s face was troubled.  “What did he look like, this man?”
“I didn’t get any closer than a couple tables away,” Yasmine explained, “but he was confident and handsome, with light coloured eyes and curly brown hair that reminds me a little of yours, your Majesty.  I’d say that there is a definite family resemblance between you and the man in the bar.”
“Jax,” Jessa breathed.  “How could he be involved in all of this?”
“He provided the coordinates in the first place,” General Triaka pointed out.  “Wouldn’t that indicate that he wanted the First there?”
“And look at what happened to them,” Casper was quick to point out.  “That explosion was no accident.”
“No, it wasn’t,” Yasmine agreed.  “I overheard the two men talking, and the rogue said something about how altering the system in the compound was easy once he knew what to do.”
Jessa cursed and the general looked angry.  Casper just sighed.
“Maybe we were wrong to trust him after all,” the doctor muttered.  “Though he’s never played us wrong before.”
“That we know of,” the queen interjected.  “Is there anything else Yasmine?”
“Yes, there’s one more thing.  Before I left, the man – Jax, I guess – was telling the rogue that he hadn’t decided which mine to attack yet, but that the rogue could head in toward the mines anyway.  They never said specifically that it was any of our mines they were planning to attack, but what other mines would there be?  Oh, and he said something about having the beasts crated and ready to go.”
“Those damned beasts again,” Jessa complained.  “I will be happy when the last of them has been eradicated.”
“No kidding,” Doctor Holidran concurred.  “They are unnatural and far too dangerous to be left alive.”
Jessa turned her attention toward Yasmine one last time.  “I know that you said that you didn’t know which mine was going to be attacked, but they are already on alert.  The message you passed along to Escante was relayed by your commander.  However, if you wouldn’t mind heading out to scout the moons tomorrow, see if you notice anything unusual, that would be greatly appreciated.”
Yasmine nodded and rose from the chair.  “And the First?  What have you heard from them?”
“Nothing you didn’t already know of that hasn’t already been shared,” Jessa assured her.  “We will talk and formulate a plan, which we will pass along to both Gregory and to you.  For now, get a good night’s sleep.”
Yasmine bowed at the waist and turned to see herself out, but found Casper already at the door, ready to open it for her.  
“If you wouldn’t mind,” the doctor said with a hesitant smile, “I’d love to talk to you tomorrow about your ability.”
“Casper, leave her alone!” Jessa reprimanded him.  “Let her rest, for goodness sake!”
The doctor blushed, something that surprised Yasmine greatly, but he said nothing else and she managed to slip by him without the situation becoming any more awkward.  She’d never really spoken about her ability before, knowing that it was unusual and wanting to avoid the inevitable testing and questions and… well, pretty much everything it looked like Doctor Holidran wanted to do.  Add to that the fact that she found being near the man far too easy a thing to do, and Yasmine figured that she was in over her head.  It would be better to sleep and then leave to scout in the morning.  The queen seemed to be on her side, so she made her way to the barracks with a considerably lighter frame of mind.  Claiming an empty bunk, Yasmine threw herself down still fully clothed, and within minutes, she was asleep.



Chapter 21
The buzz of an incoming call took a few moments to register, but once it did, Terese sat bolt upright in bed, throwing back the covers.
“I’m coming, I’m coming,” she said, as if the caller could hear her.
“Just relax, Terese.  The call isn’t for you.”
She stopped moving, head swivelling to see Gregory sitting behind her desk like he belonged there.  She realized that she was in her office, her supposedly private space, and not only was she not alone, but Gregory was here with her… watching her sleep?
“Why are you taking a call on my line?” Terese asked, crossing her arms.
“It’s an encrypted priority call from the queen,” was his reply.  “Would you like me to take it elsewhere, or would you like to lay back down and listen?”
Terese settled back on the pull-out couch with an exasperated sound, the opportunity to listen in on the conversation far more tempting than kicking the man out of her space.  She made a ‘carry on’ gesture.
Gregory smiled at her before schooling his features and keying in his access code to allow the call to go through.  The monitor above Terese flickered to life, and Jessa’s face appeared.  
“Good morning, your Majesty,” he greeted the queen.  “Did you manage to get back to sleep?”
“No, I did not,” she heard Jessa grumble.  “Yasmine arrived not long after you woke me, and I had to debrief her.  It was fun dragging the other two out of bed in the middle of the night though.”
“I heard that,” came the voice of Casper Holidran as he apparently joined the call.  “I knew that you were taking a lot of pleasure in that, Jessa.”
“It’s not like you’re not used to it, Doctor,” a third voice joined in, one she recognized as belonging to General Triaka, head of the Protectorate.  Terese fought the urge to move to look up to see the screen, knowing that if this conference call involved the heads of the Erumari government, there was no way she’d be allowed to stay if they found out she was here.
“Now that we’re all together, let’s figure out what we’re going to do about this mess, shall we?” Jessa asked, calling everyone to order.  “Let’s review what we know.”
“Following the mission on Vullan’s moon,” Gregory began, “Ridgemont collected and compiled the data from our combat suits.  After looking at the information, he determined that the atmospheric unit inside the compound had been tampered with, resulting in a nearly pure oxygen environment inside the shield.  When Saveen pulled on the grid and brought the shield down, the oxygen mixed with the high concentration of hydrogen in the moon’s atmosphere, with explosive results.  That explosion resulted in the deaths of three of my command and injuries to a dozen others, two of whom died on the way to Miralea.”
“Tampering with an atmospheric unit is not an easy thing to do,” Casper commented thoughtfully.  “Any Elementalist could technically do it, but it would require an Air Elementalist to explain how to do it.”
“That lines up with what Yasmine Tarde reported,” Jessa said.  “The meeting she overheard between our rogue and his contact indicated that the contact provided the instructions for the tampering.”
“That’s not all the scout reported, your Majesty,” the general added, and Jessa sighed.
“I know,” the queen said softly.  “I still can’t believe it though.”
“Believe what?” Gregory wanted to know.
“The man our rogue was meeting with fits the description of my cousin,” Jessa revealed.  “Her impressions of the meeting were that the rogue is just following orders, and that Jax appears to be the mastermind behind it all.”
“Is it possibly a disguise of some sort?” Gregory asked.  Terese got the impression that he was reaching for an alternative explanation, but she didn’t know why it would be important.  Everyone knew that the queen’s cousin was a pirate, hunted by the Erumari and at least two other systems she was aware of.
“Not likely,” Casper stated.  “Your scout has an interesting ability, it turns out.  She can feel the power in Elementalists, and what she described would match the power level and affinities of Jax Amari.  It would be incredibly hard to find someone else with a power signature that would match so closely.”
“Power level?  What are you talking about?”
“Jax is an Elementalist,” Casper explained.  “One who is not on record due to the sensitive nature of his role in the government.  His training was carried out in secret by my predecessor.”
“What kind of Elementalist is he?” Gregory questioned, the hesitation in his voice indicating to Terese that he likely knew the answer already.
“Air and Life.”
Terese was shocked.  Elementalists with dual affinities were rare, and for one to exist off the record was dangerous.
“So who does his yearly exam?” Gregory demanded.  “Life Elementalists need a yearly check-in to make sure that everything is alright.  To make sure they aren’t leaning toward going rogue.”
Silence met Gregory’s question, and the commander cursed.  “How in hell are we supposed to bring someone like that down?  And what about the attack on the mine?”
“We’ve determined that the most likely targets would be the Fire crystal mines on Unica or the Air crystal mines on Kalyn,” Jessa said.  “Both of those would cause incredible damage to Erumar in terms of trade as well as our technology.  Anybody who uses our crystal systems for engines, weapons, or atmospheric controls would be effected.  Yasmine has gone back out to try and determine which of the moons the target is, but we need you and the First heading back to Nevern immediately.”
“I have nowhere near a full complement of battle ready soldiers,” Gregory stated grimly.  “Am I going to pick up reinforcements on Nevern?”
“No,” General Triaka told him.  “You’ll take men from the Fifty-second there on Miralea to supplement your numbers.  I’ll be sending through orders to the commander as soon as we’re finished here.”
“If you make it to Nevern, you can add to your numbers,” Jessa commented, “but we’re hoping to hear from Yasmine before you reach the space station, so we’ll be able to redirect you straight to whichever moon needs you.”
“Any thoughts on what to do about Jax?” Gregory asked again, but again, only silence answered him.
“You have your orders, Commander,” the general said.  “Good luck.”
Terese watched Gregory salute the screen, and then his posture relaxed.  Thinking he was finished with the call, she started to move forward on the bed, but he stopped her with a tiny motion of his hand.
“Was there something else, Jessa?” he asked.
“I just wanted to tell you to be careful,” the queen told him.  “I have no idea if it is actually Jax who’s behind all of this, or if he’s still playing a role of some sort.  Regardless, his actions have cost lives, and he’d better have a damned good explanation, or I’m going to hang him, I swear.  Bring him in alive, if you can, but I’m not going to blame you if you take him out.”
“I’ll do the best I can,” he promised her.  “Now, I’ll let you go and see who I can scare up for another mission.  I’ll try not to steal the entire Miralea garrison.”
“Just do what you have to,” the queen commanded.  “And make sure you come home.”
Silence descended in her office, and Terese looked over at Gregory, a questioning look on her face.
“They’re all gone now,” he told her with a small smile.  “It’s safe to move again.”
“What the hell is going on, Gregory?” she asked, sliding over to the edge of the bed and getting up.
“You know about as much as I do,” Gregory told her.  “This all started when Jessa and I took the First after a rogue Fire Elementalist a while back.  He escaped, and we’ve been hunting him ever since, but whatever is going on is much bigger than a little rogue.”
“I’m coming with you,” Terese stated, actually surprising herself a little.  When Gregory frowned, she pulled herself straight.
“It’s too dangerous,” he said, shaking his head.
“It’s too dangerous for me, is what you mean,” she countered.  “You’re going, you’re taking the rest of the First and who knows how much of the Fifty-second, but it’s too dangerous for little old me.  I’m a soldier too, Commander.”
“I am aware of that, Sergeant, but you haven’t had a whole lot of combat experience, now have you?”
“I do not appreciate that tone of voice,” Terese said firmly.  “I will not listen to you belittle me!”
“You have patients here who need you,” Gregory argued, his voice taking on a harsh tone.  “This is where you wanted to be, remember?”
She did remember, and she also remembered how bored she’d been before the First had arrived and dumped themselves in her lap.  She wasn’t about to tell him that she’d been wrong, however, so she ignored that part of his statement.
“I had a patient who needed me,” Terese countered.  “Your solider didn’t make it through the night, and the rest of the patients on my docket don’t need me so much as they just need any competent doctor.  You, on the other hand, are going into combat, and you could do with an actual doctor.”
“What do you mean, she didn’t make it through the night?”
Terese stopped her tirade at his question, suddenly realizing how callous her remark had been.  She walked over to him and put a hand on his shoulder.  
“I’m sorry,” she said, her anger draining away.  “That little light blinking there on my desk is a patient alert.  There’s only one person it could possibly be, but I shouldn’t have told you like that.  She was under your command, and I should have been more sensitive.”
“How do you know she’s dead though?”
“The colour of the light.  See?”  Terese leaned across him and typed a sequence into the keypad on her desk, bringing up the patient’s file.  Sure enough, the young woman who’d sustained those serious burns came up.  She’d died about two hours ago, succumbing to her injuries.
“What if I told you that I don’t want you to come because I couldn’t stand to see you hurt?” Gregory whispered in her ear.  Terese was suddenly aware of her proximity to the sexy commander, and the way she was leaning across his body.
“Can’t stand to see me hurt?” she repeated, straightening and stepping away from him.  “How the hell do you think I felt when I woke up on Erumar?  Do you think that I was full of happiness and sunshine?”
A look of hurt flashed across Gregory’s face, but Terese didn’t let it stop her from saying what she needed to say.  The conversation she’d overhead – at Gregory’s insistence – had put things in a new light for her, but she was a long way from forgiving him.
“I never wanted to hurt you,” Gregory tried to explain.  “I want to be with you--”  
“But only on your terms!” Terese interrupted.  “You say that you want to be with me now, but you don’t want really want to be with me because you’re about to leave… again!  And what about Saveen?  It sure as hell looked like you wanted to be with her!”
“Saveen means nothing to me,” he told her with an exasperated sigh.  “She and I have no relationship beyond the fact that I provide her with energy as she needs it.”
“Oh yeah, and there’s nothing personal about that!” Terese spat.  “You made sure I knew all about how Reservoirs and Elementalists work together, remember.”
“She is not my partner!” Gregory exclaimed, pushing himself up from her chair and closing the distance between them.  “I bonded to you because I want you and nobody else!”
He wrapped his arms around her waist and pulled her close, his lips descending on hers.  The crushing kiss was a combination of desperation and possession, as if he was trying to show her through that contact how he felt.  
“I’ve missed you so much,” he whispered when he pulled away, the anger gone and replaced with a tenderness she hadn’t seen in him before.  “But at least I knew you were okay, safe.  I don’t think I could bear to be away from you if I didn’t know that.”
Terese, still struggling to pull her anger back around her after that kiss, looked up at him.  
“So don’t be away from me,” she said.  “You want me to be your partner?  Then act like it and take me with you.”  
Her friend Shannon had told on more than one occasion that the way to get a guy to do what you wanted was to take advantage of any attraction he had for you.  Terese knew that she wanted to leave Miralea, at least temporarily, to see if a more active, chaotic life was what she wanted.  How would she know until she tried it out?  Lifting herself up on her toes, she wrapped her arms around Gregory’s neck and pulled his face down toward hers.
“Take me with you,” she whispered again before closing the last of the distance between them and pressing her lips to his.  
He responded to her immediately, parting his lips and inviting her to deepen the kiss.  Terese did, thrusting her tongue into his mouth to tangle with his, tasting coffee.  With a groan, Gregory picked her up and brought them both to the bed, pulling them down so he was on his back and she was lying on his stomach and chest with her legs straddling his thighs.
Gregory turned his head a little, moving to kiss her throat and making her sigh.  She tilted her head back to give him easier access, and she felt his hand twist in her hair briefly as he traced a hot trail up her back.  Her shirt lifted with the friction of the movement, and that made him roll her over onto her back, pushing the garment up and revealing her red bra.  
Terese shivered as Gregory ran his hands down her sides to her waist, even as his head dipped toward her chest and her lace covered breasts.  As he used his teeth to drag aside one cup of the material, she ran her fingers through his thick brown hair, gasping when he drew her taut nipple into his mouth, sucking and nipping her gently.
“Oh gods,” she whispered.
Gregory trailed one hand down from her waist to her thigh, then dropped that hand between her legs.  Gently, he rubbed his hand against her core, and even through her clothing she could feel herself grow wet at his touch.  Terese moaned and Gregory pulled away from her breast to reclaim her mouth for another deep kiss.
Feeling brazen, she kept one hand tangling in his hair and dropped her other down between them.  Finding him hard and ready, she rubbed her hand up and down against his erection, drawing an agonized groan from his throat.  He hand trapped hers, stopping the movement.
“Stop,” Gregory gasped.  “You can come with us, but we have to stop.”
“Why?”
Taking a deep breath, Gregory fixed her bra and pulled her shirt back into place before pushing himself up and away from her.  “We can’t do this, not right now.”
“Would you prefer the desk?” Terese asked.  “I’ll admit that doing it on a desk doesn’t sound particularly comfortable to me, but hey, what do I know?”
“Gods, you’re killing me,” he complained softly, still obviously trying to control himself, but he didn’t come any closer.
“How many times have you come on to me?” she demanded, sitting up.  “And now, when I’m practically throwing myself at you, you don’t want me?  What the hell is wrong with you?  Or with me?”
“Oh, I want you very much,” Gregory corrected her.  “But we never finished our chat, and I can’t let you do this, not until you know what you’re doing.”
“I’m not going to know what I’m doing until I’ve actually done it!” she spat.  “I have no idea what I’m doing, Gregory!  That’s how it works when you’ve never actually been with someone!”
Realizing what she’d just said, Terese blushed and turned away from him, horrified that she’d revealed her secret.  She’d actually hoped to avoid talking about the fact that she was still a virgin entirely.
“That’s not what I was talking about,” Gregory said softly, coming to stand in front of her, “but that’s good to know, if you decide to pick up where we left off.  When we’re done our chat.”
Taking her hand, he sat down beside her.
“It’s obvious that you want to come with us, and you’re right.  If I want you as my partner, I need to treat you as one.  And we could use a doctor with us, especially knowing that there’s likely to be injuries.”
He paused as if trying to order his thoughts, and then he nodded to himself before continuing.  “Last night, we were talking about what would make you happy, and we need to finish that talk before you and I do anything… physical.  So, Terese, what would make you happy?”
“You’re asking me this now?” she asked, her voice still tinged with embarrassment and anger.  “I don’t know what I want, apparently.  I thought I wanted…”
“You thought you wanted what?” Gregory prodded gently.
“I thought I wanted to be here, on Miralea,” Terese finally admitted.  “But now that I’m here, it’s not what I thought it would be.  And I thought I wanted to be with you, but you don’t seem to want me either.”
“Please do not confuse wanting you safe with not wanting you with me,” he told her.  “I do want you, in any way that I can have you.  I already told you that you can come with us, and if you like that better than here, we can look at a transfer.  I know that would make me happy, but we’re talking about you.”  
Gregory smiled at her.  “And I would love to throw you down on this bed and kiss every inch of your body before burying myself inside you.  I would love to hear you scream my name as you come, but there are consequences to that you need to consider.  
“Because of the rather unfortunate way our bonding happened, it is incomplete.  Casper bound our auras together, which protects my mind and gives me some very slight awareness of you, but the bond won’t be complete unless you Claim me.  If you do that, if we have sex, then our bond will be permanent, and every time you take energy from me, that bond will pull tighter.”
“So this bond between us isn’t permanent?” Terese asked.  “It could be undone?”
He nodded.  “Yes.  With your current ability to see the colours in our auras and the fact that you know the layout of my mind rather intimately, you could easily unravel it.  It would put things back to the way they were, before our trip to Erumar.”
“But that would mean you’d need to be shielded.”
“Yes, but I want you to be happy, Terese.  I know you didn’t believe me before, but I’m more certain than ever that I love you.  Your happiness is more important to me than almost anything.”
“Almost?”
“This mission that Jessa just assigned me has to come first, if you can stand to be bound to me for a little longer.  After that, regardless of the outcome, you can unravel the bond and we’ll go our separate ways.  Whatever you want to do, we’ll do.”
Terese took a deep breath.  “So I have all the power right now?  Everything is up to me… I can choose to unravel the bond, or I can choose to Claim you and make it permanent.”
“Yes.”
She smiled.  “I rather like the sound of that.”
Standing, Terese made her way to the door.  “Come on then, Commander.  You have a unit to assemble, and I need to talk to Doctor Oldrick about leaving… again.  The only thing I know for certain that I want right now is the ability to see if the life you’re offering me is one that I could enjoy.  I’ve seen what Miralea has to offer, so now I need to see something else.”
She paused at the door as something occurred to her.  “You said that if I want to unravel the bond, then we will do that after this mission,” Terese repeated.  “And you said that if I enjoy my time with the First better than here, we could look at a transfer.  What happens if I want to Claim you and keep our bond, but I want to stay on Miralea?”
Gregory looked at her, his expression very serious, and Terese held her breath, waiting to be disappointed.  He stood and walked toward her, reaching out to cup her cheek with his warm, calloused hand.
“If that’s what will make you happy, Terese, then after this mission, I’ll turn over command of the First to someone else and put in for a transfer here.  I told you, I want you to be happy, and if there’s something I can do in order for that to happen, then I will do it.”
Terese turned away, opening the door and stepping out into the hall, not sure what to say.  He would give up everything for her, if she asked him to.  If that wasn’t love, what the hell was it?  And did she deserve that sort of devotion?  Still confused, but now for entirely different reasons, Terese made her way through the halls, looking for her boss.  It was time for her to see what would make her happy.



Chapter 22
Well into their second day of travel, Terese was relaxing at the edge of the common lounge of the First’s current transport.  The area was filled with soldiers, the members of the First and the members of the Fifty-Second from Miralea trying to get to know one another before heading into combat.  In order to help with this unusual situation, both commanders were present as well, Gregory and a man named Markos sharing some light conversation while they ate their meal.
“You have got to be the worst partner ever!”
The voice initially startled her from her observations, but Terese didn’t need to look over to know who was speaking to her.  Between the subject and the venom in the woman’s voice, it could be none other than Saveen.
“And what would you like to bitch about this time?” Terese asked in a tired voice.  It seemed to her that every time the woman managed to get her alone, Saveen was berating Terese about something or other… usually concerning Gregory.
“You really don’t get it, do you?” the Fire Elementalist questioned.  “You either have absolutely no idea what you’re doing, or you really don’t give a damn about him.  Which is it?”
“I don’t see how it’s any of your business,” Terese started to retort, but Saveen’s hand shot out, grabbing Terese’s ponytail flush with her skull, and then the woman used her grip to guide Terese’s gaze toward Gregory.
“Just look at him!” she spat.  “I drained the energy from his aura the other night, but you haven’t done a fucking thing to keep his energy levels comfortable!”
Terese blinked, shifting her eyes into the spectrum that allowed her to see auras.  Sure enough, Gregory’s dark purple aura blazed with energy, bright enough to rival her memories of the sunlight bouncing off the purple waters of Miralea.
“He made it very clear to me,” Saveen continued, “that our relationship was just about energy levels and nothing more, but now that you’re here, I figured that you should be taking care of him.  Isn’t that what a partner does?”
“How in the hell do you know so much about what’s going on?” Terese demanded, tired of being berated.  She yanked her head away from Saveen’s grip and then stood, tilting her head up to look the woman in the eye.  “And what gives you the right to comment about what’s happening in my life?”
Saveen took a small step back, a look of concern flashing briefly across her face before her features settled into their normal appearance of disdain for all around her.  She flipped her red hair back over her shoulder, and Terese fought the urge to point out that wearing her hair down like that was against regulations, especially when they were likely heading into combat.
“I have the right to comment on your little drama because it was given to me by the queen when she assigned me to do your job,” the Fire Elementalist stated.  “I didn’t know that you and the commander were a thing until the other day, however, but since then I’ve been watching you, and I’ve come to the conclusion that you’re an idiot.”
“Excuse me?  What do you mean by that?”  Terese’s voice was calm and cold, as she fought the urge to do something inappropriate.  As far as the Protectorate was concerned, Saveen outranked her, and since Terese was just newly arrived to the rank of master in the Academy, Saveen basically outranked her as an Elementalist too.
Saveen gestured toward where the two commanders sat, seemingly lost in their conversation.  “The commander is sexy, smart, well respected…  He is everything a woman would want in a man, and he’s yours for the taking!  You’re master-ranked, aren’t you?  So why am I the one assigned to take care of his energy levels when he so obviously wants you?”  The last question was quiet, Saveen’s tone of voice almost wistful, and Terese felt a sudden surge of compassion for the woman.  
“It’s complicated,” Terese admitted. 
“So uncomplicate it,” Saveen suggested.  “Decide if you want him or not, because the man deserves a partner who will treat him right, and if that isn’t going to be you, then I damned well want it to be me.”
With that, Saveen sauntered deeper into the room to join one of the mixed groups of soldiers enjoying a game of cards.  Terese watched her for moment, envying the way the woman eased herself into the group, becoming part of it seamlessly.  Turning her attention back to Gregory, she stood and started to make her way across the room toward the men, determined to at least do something about the commander’s energy levels.  If she was indeed master-ranked, as Casper insisted, then she should be able to pull energy from Gregory’s aura with little difficulty.  All she needed to do was touch him.
It was obvious to Terese that despite Saveen’s observation that she and the commander were ‘a thing,’ the Fire Elementalist had no idea that an incomplete bond held them together.  Terese still wasn’t certain that she wanted that bond to become permanent, but that didn’t mean that she shouldn’t hold up her end of the responsibilities, right?  Besides, if she did decide to stay with him, she’d be taking energy from Gregory’s aura on a regular basis, so Terese figured that she might as well see what it felt like and how it worked.  What could be the harm?
Terese was nearly half way across the common lounge area when the pilot’s voice came over the comm, bringing the room to instant silence.
“Commanders,” Escante said, his voice tinny over the speaker, “we have a mayday coming in from one of the moons.  You probably want to come see this.”
Gregory and Markos were on their feet and jogging down the corridor toward the cockpit before the echo of Escante’s voice faded from the area.  With a sigh, Terese finished her walk and sat down in Gregory’s recently vacated chair.  
~§~§~§~
“What’s wrong, Escante?” Gregory questioned when he and Markos gained the cockpit.  “If there’s a mayday, why didn’t you just call the order for combat?”
“Well, I’m not entirely certain that the mayday is real,” the pilot answered.  He’d already turned the ship onto a new heading, but the hesitation was evident in his voice.
“Why?”
“The mayday is automated, not a real person, first off,” Escante revealed.  “I understand that sort of thing can happen from time to time, but it is unusual, and not standard procedure.”
Gregory and Markos both nodded, and the Miralean commander gestured for the man to continue.
“The mayday isn’t coming from either of the expected moons.  It’s coming from Ellori.”
“Why would they be after the Water crystals?” Markos wondered aloud.  “While it would be annoying, and set back some projects here and there, nobody is really so dependent on them that it would be worth the risk.”
“Nobody except Kalegan,” Gregory corrected.  
After Jessa and Karim had made it clear to the Kaleganese that Karim was not only not going to be sacrificed, but was going to embrace his power despite the feelings of his family, things had been tense between Erumar and Kalegan.  However, neither the queen nor her fiancé wanted to put Karim’s people through unnecessary hardship, and so the water filtration systems that his people depended on had continued to be maintained by the Erumari Elementalists.  If the Water crystals were no longer available, the Kaleganese people would suffer horribly from the lack of potable water, and Gregory guessed that they weren’t likely to believe that the lack wasn’t Jessa’s fault.  If the mines on Ellori fell, it would force Kalegan’s hand, certainly bringing war to the sector.
“Who would stand to benefit most from a war between Erumar and Kalegan?” Gregory wondered aloud, part of him still hoping to find an explanation for Jax’s behaviour, for Jessa’s sake.
“Who wouldn’t?” Markos said with a snort.  “War brings with it increased prices for goods, increased trade in weapons and hard to obtain items…  The list of ways people could benefit is a long one.”
“Well that isn’t helpful,” the commander remarked sourly.
“So what do we do?” Escante prompted.  “Are we answering the mayday?”
“We have to,” Gregory stated.  “I’m going to assume that it is a real call for help, but do not acknowledge the mayday.  Since pretty much everything to do with the rogue has been a trap, let’s not give them warning that we are, in fact, on the way.  We may get a little bit of an edge from surprise.”
“Let’s go ready the troops for battle,” Markos said grimly, and Gregory nodded.
Back in the lounge area, the commanders called their respective units to order, briefing everyone on the situation as they understood it.  Gregory was busy passing along specific orders to certain members of his team when he felt a hand on his shoulder.
“What is it?” he snapped, turning around to see who was interrupting when he was obviously in the middle of something.  He was expecting Saveen, but instead came face to face with the other Elementalist on board the transport.  He felt his expression soften.
“I… I just wanted to know if you wanted me to…  Well, you know,” Terese said.
“I know what?”
She made a gesture toward him.  “Your aura.  Do you want me to…?”
If it wasn’t for the fact that he truly didn’t have time to waste, Terese’s hesitation would have been endearing.  Unfortunately, Gregory could feel the shudder of the transport entering Ellori’s atmosphere, so he smiled at the woman and nodded.  “Sure.”
He knew that Terese had never drained an aura before, so he held out his hand to her, the smile still on his face.  Leaning forward, he whispered in her ear.  “I wish we had time for something more… fun, but this will have to do.”
Chuckling at her blush, Gregory took Terese’s hand lightly in his and pushed the energy he could feel bubbling up around him toward the Elementalist.  He knew that when he’d tried this in the past, his energy had hit a wall that seemed to surround Terese’s aura.  This time things seemed to be softer somehow, and Gregory was able to feel some of the energy he was carrying flow into her.
“Your aura is already full,” he commented softly.  “If you want to drain the excess from me, you’re going to have to actually make an effort to do so.”
Terese’s blush deepened.  “I’m sorry,” she told him.  “I’ve never done this before.”
“I know,” he reassured her.  “Just collect up the energy, like you have in the past, but instead of using it for healing or diagnostics, pull it into yourself, making it part of you.”
She did as he instructed, and Gregory felt her psychic fingers drift over his aura.  The sensation sent shivers of pleasure dancing along his skin, making him instantly hard, and he bit back a soft groan.
“Why does it always feel so good when you touch me?” he muttered, and Terese replied with only a shrug.  He felt the excess energy he was carrying bleed away, and when she released his aura from her touch, Gregory fought the urge to sag down onto the ground.  He felt relaxed for the first time in a long time.
“This is it, ladies and gentlemen,” Escante’s voice said, echoing through the lounge.  “We are approaching our destination, and I can see energy blasts from here.”
All around him, Gregory watched soldiers check their weapons and pair up, getting ready to disembark as soon as their pilot lowered the hatch for them.  He turned his attention back to Terese.
“What are the chances that I can convince you to stay here with Escante?” he asked.
Terese frowned.  “I thought the point of me coming with you was so that you could show me what it would be like to work as your partner,” she pointed out.  “If I’m just going to hang around here and wait for wounded, I might as well stay on Miralea.”
Gregory grimaced, not happy, but not surprised.  “Stay close,” he commanded.
She tossed him a smart salute, and followed right on his heels when he walked toward the hatch and waited for Escante to give the signal.  At the first sound of gears engaging, Gregory drew his weapon, and a few moments later, he was jogging toward the battle, Terese close on his heels.



Chapter 23
As they drew closer to the mine entrance, Terese could see that the Protectorate soldiers guarding the area had been drawn out of the mine during their defensive actions.  Energy blasts were flying through the air, seemingly forcing back the attackers, but there was no return fire coming back toward the defenders.  
“What’s happening here?” Gregory asked over the radio.  “Who are they attacking?”
Terese sent out her senses, the Protectorate soldiers pinging back to her, both those from the mine and those from the transport.  There wasn’t anybody else within range, and she reported that to the commander.
“I think they’re locked inside their minds,” Terese explained.  “The enemy has a Life Elementalist working with him, and if he’s powerful enough, he could be making them believe they are defending themselves.”
“Can you stop it?  Can you bring them back?”
“Yes,” Terese replied without hesitation.  “I’ll just need a little…”
She trailed off as something occurred to her.  The Life Elementalist, Jax, wouldn’t be wasting power sending the Protectorate off on a wild goose chase if there wasn’t a need to get them out of the way.  Suddenly she knew what was happening; the attack wasn’t directed against the mine, but against the crystals themselves.  Terese took off at a run, heading for the mine entrance.
“Sergeant!” Gregory called to her.  “Where do you think you’re going?  You have to save the soldiers!”
“They’re not in any danger!” she called back.  “Knock them unconscious if you’re worried, but the attackers are in the mine.  We have to save the crystals!”  The living crystals, she added silently.
“The crystals aren’t important,” Gregory argued.  “We can repair any damage the attack causes; we can build another mine.”
Terese shook her head, even knowing that he likely couldn’t see the movement.  She knew better.  She knew that if the mine was destroyed, if the crystals… died, there would be repercussions beyond something as simple as having to rebuild the mine.  Nobody knew exactly what they were, but the fact that the ‘spent’ crystals were returned to the mines told her that they were important.  She had to save them.
She knew that she was being reckless, but Terese felt driven in a way that was unlike anything except the way she felt when fighting to save a patient.  Part of her seemed to figure that this was no different, not really, but another part of her knew that running into battle wasn’t a good idea.  Still, she kept moving, distancing herself from the rest of her unit.  Terese plunged into the mine, letting her instincts guide her.
Blinking her eyes, Terese shifted her vision, bringing up veins of blue in the walls all around her.  She could see a blue glow ahead, and she pushed herself harder, faster.  She could hear growls and whining now, and Gregory’s warnings of the strange beasts flashed through her mind.  They were dangerous, and if she was bitten, she was in a lot of trouble, but those beasts were the key to this attack.  Somehow she knew that.
Terese slowed as she approached the glowing chamber.  The sounds of fighting were easy to hear now, telling her that someone was there trying to repel the attackers.  She felt Gregory come up beside her, placing his hand on her shoulder.  There were a few others with him.
“What the fuck are you doing?” he hissed in her ear.  She knew he’d turned the comm off, and that his words were for her alone.  “You can’t be running off like that, disobeying orders.”
“I’m doing what needs to be done,” Terese told him, her voice no louder than his had been, but equally firm.  “Trust me.  This is important, more important than the orders you gave me.”
“That’s not your call,” he insisted.  “I’m the commander and you’re a sergeant, and it’s your job to follow my orders.”
“I’m an Elementalist, and you’re a Reservoir, and in this case, I know what I’m doing and you don’t have a say.”
She heard him muttering unflattering comments under his breath, but she didn’t care.  For the first time since meeting the infuriating man, she knew something that he didn’t, and that fact pleased her beyond belief.  She heard him sigh when she started to move closer to the chamber entrance.
Ducking down, Terese tried to present as small a target as possible as she slipped into the large mine chamber, taking stock of what was happening.  There was a pair of miners backed against a wall studded with the blue Water crystals, fighting to keep back three of the ugliest creatures she’d ever laid eyes on.  There was also a pair of men, their backs to Terese and the soldiers with her, who seemed to just be… watching.  That struck her as odd, but her attention was torn away from the pair when one of the miners cried out in pain.
One of the beasts, a vaguely canine monster covered in patchy fur and weeping sores, had clamped its jaws around the miner’s thigh and was dragging the man away from the exposed crystals.  Even as he fought against the creature, shooting it point blank in the head, one of the other beasts shouldered its way past and went for the wall.  Terese winced at the horrendous sound the creature’s claws made as it scratched against a Water crystal as it tried to dig it out of the rock.
Terese didn’t act so much as react, throwing her power out into the room and trying to trap the three beasts, locking down their muscles and stopping their attacks.  She watched as her energy, that blue-green streaked with purple that she was still getting used to, hit the beasts and was absorbed by them, with no apparent effect.  The one still dragging the injured miner away dropped the man’s leg and turned its malevolent and far too intelligent gaze her way, as the pair of watching men also turned their attention toward her.  The creature digging at the Water crystal pulled it free of the wall and clamped its jaws down hard, cracking the blue crystal with a sound that was far too similar to a scream.
The Protectorate soldiers with Gregory pushed their way into the room, heading straight for the creatures with weapons drawn.  The beasts were shot repeatedly, but kept coming, one bowling a soldier down before tearing into him with teeth and claws.  Gregory’s attention was on the pair of watching men, the rogue and the queen’s cousin, and Terese watched him stalk toward the men, his body stiff with anger.  She threw her power out again, this time aimed for the Elementalists, but the man she assumed was Jax moved at the last minute while simultaneously doing something to his aura so that her energy cascaded down it instead of trapping him.  The rogue Fire Elementalist wasn’t so fortunate, and Terese caught him firmly in her net of power, freezing him with his hand partially raised, the gathered energy of an aborted attack fading from around his fingers.
“If it wasn’t for the fact that Jessa wants to hang you herself, I’d kill you right now, you bastard,” Gregory spat as he approached the Life Elementalist.  “Who the hell do you think you are?”
“I know exactly who I am, Commander,” Jax told him, his voice cold and calm.  “And I know exactly what I’m doing.  As for killing me, you’re welcome to try.”
Eyes still shifted to see energy, Terese saw the sudden gathering of power around Jax as he pulled energy from the mine’s crystals.  Even though they weren’t currently part of any system, they had their own energy, and the Life Elementalist pulled on that, making the light of the Water crystals dim to her currently altered vision.  She started to shout a warning, but Jax was too fast, flinging a blast of raw energy out into the mine chamber.  Terese desperately threw a shield up around her, as big as she could make it, and managed to encompass Gregory, two of the soldiers and the injured miner.  One of the beasts was inside the shield as well, but one of the soldiers stabbed an energy blade deep into the monster’s body, finally bringing it down.
Terese staggered as Jax’s energy blast struck her shield, and she felt the protective bubble waver for a moment before it fell.  She knew that she didn’t have the ability to bring up another shield and she reached out to warn Gregory when a fire blast struck her hard in the chest.  When she’d thrown her energy into the shield, she’d pulled it away from the trapped rogue, and he’d retaliated quickly as soon as he was freed.
“NO!”
Terese felt her knees buckle and she fell to the ground, more dazed than anything else.  It was a little hard to breathe, but she wasn’t in pain.  Shouldn’t this hurt? she thought to herself before realizing that she was rapidly going into shock.  Not hurting was a bad thing.
With a very inhuman sounding roar, Gregory leaped at the rogue, bringing him down to the ground.  Now at the same level as Terese’s eyes, she had an excellent view of the commander as he repeatedly pounded the Fire Elementalist’s head into the ground, consumed by a rage that left her breathless… or was that the fact that she was dying?
Terese watched the rogue die at Gregory’s hands, feeling oddly detached from the scene.  She looked around as best she could, noticing that all three of the beasts were finally down, one of the soldiers was helping the wounded miner, while Jax was gathering energy around himself again.  She reached out toward Gregory, trying to warn him, but she could make no sound.  It was as if her lungs had stopped pulling in air, and she felt very dizzy as she let her hand fall down to the ground.  Darkness started to close in around the edges of her vision, but she was still conscious when she felt Gregory slip his arms under her body and slide her into his embrace.
“Wake up, Terese,” he muttered softly.  “Stay with me.”
She tried to tell him that she was awake, but the words wouldn’t come.  She couldn’t see him either, but she felt his strong arms around her.  Terese felt warm and safe… and so very tired.
“Do something!” she heard Gregory shout.  “You’re a damned Life Elementalist.”
“But I’m not a doctor,” came the reply, seemingly from very far away.  “I don’t know how to help her.”
Terese was jostled as Gregory pushed himself to his feet, still holding her close to his body.  “I’ll find someone to help you,” she heard him mutter.  “Just stay with me.”
Nodding weakly, or trying to, Terese was suddenly struck bu all of the things she wanted to say.  Try as she might, though, she couldn’t find the words to tell him that she forgave him for forcing the bond.  She felt that he should know that she wasn’t angry with him anymore, not really, but most importantly, she wanted to tell him…



Chapter 24
Stumbling through the mine tunnel, Gregory held Terese close, supporting her as best he could as he ran.  There wasn’t much time, and the blackened hole in her uniform sickened him whenever he happened to glance down.  How could he have been so stupid?  Why had he let her come with them, when he knew how dangerous it was?
He knew when she slipped into unconsciousness, her head lolling like a rag doll’s before he shifted her warm weight in his arms to protect her neck better.  He could see the entrance to the mine now, could hear soldiers ahead, but he was running too quickly to find the breath to call out for a medic.
“I’m going to kill that bastard,” Gregory swore to himself.  “I’m going to hunt him down and carve him into little tiny pieces for this.”
Assuming he wasn’t court martialled, of course.  He had orders to bring Jax in or bring him down, but he’d left the man in the mine.  He knew that there were some Protectorate soldiers still there with the miners, and he could state that he’d assumed that they would apprehend the pirate, but Gregory knew better.  Jax was too slippery, and he’d get away… and Gregory didn’t care.  Terese was the only thing that mattered.  Saving her was the only thing that mattered.
Stumbling into the open, Gregory searched for one of the Fifty-Second’s medics, gathering his breath to shout for help.  Taking in the situation, he could see that other members of the unit had taken Terese’s advice to knock the Protectorate soldiers assigned to the mine unconscious, and he identified two medics checking those men over now.  Lurching in that direction, he yelled again for help.
Just as he reached a small group of soldiers, he felt Terese die.  The bond between them snapped, and despite the fact that it had been weak and incomplete, the pain of it breaking drove him to his knees.  He clutched her body to him reflexively, unwilling or unable to let her go, as he struggled to remain conscious as the press of the minds of the surrounding soldiers assaulted him.
Somebody tried to yank Terese from his arms, and he fought them instinctively until he was restrained.  He looked on helplessly, his arms held behind him and twisted upward in a way that he knew would keep him immobilized.
“Commander, you have to let them help her,” he heard, the soft voice breaking through his pain.
“But she’s gone,” Gregory said softly.  “I felt it break.”
“I don’t know about anything breaking,” he was told, “but she isn’t gone yet.  Let them help her.”
Gregory looked up, meeting the soft brown-green gaze of his best scout.  “What do you mean?  She isn’t breathing anymore.  Her heart isn’t beating.”
“That’s true, but she isn’t gone, Commander.  Trust me.”
Having no choice in the matter, he nodded and he felt Yasmine release the grip she had on his wrist and elbow.  Suddenly free of the physical pain in his arms and shoulders, the psychic pain of the broken bond crashed back in, and Gregory slipped soundlessly to the ground, unconscious.
~§~§~§~
“What the hell?”
Yasmine dropped to her knees, hand reaching for her commander’s pulse, confused by his sudden collapse.  Finding his heartbeat steady and strong, she rolled him over, checking for any injuries that could explain the fact that Gregory was now flat on the ground.  There was a fair amount of blood on his uniform, but she quickly ascertained that it wasn’t his, so she sat back on her heels, confused but satisfied that the man wasn’t physically hurt.
Glancing over to where a pair of medics worked on the woman Gregory had carried out of the mine, Yasmine shook her head.  Considering the blood on the commander’s uniform, paired with the rather large charred hole in the small woman’s chest, it was a miracle that the woman wasn’t dead.  Oh, Gregory had been right when he’d said that her heart and breathing had stopped – that was true – but Yasmine could still sense the raw power of green, growing things in her.  The power was clean and fresh, and reminded her of a garden full of blooming roses in the summer, the feel and smell of the Elementalist’s power marking her as a Life Elementalist and one she’d never met before.  There was something a little odd though, something Yasmine couldn’t quite put her finger on, but she dismissed the feeling and prayed the medics would be able to keep that power from fading away.  They needed help, a doctor, and Yasmine knew just who to call.
Running back to her ship, she fired up the radio and plugged in the information she’d been given this morning.  After managing to escape Doctor Holidran yesterday by leaving with the dawn to scout for the queen, Yasmine had felt bad and had approached the handsome doctor after returning to Homestead for the night, arranging a meeting for this morning.  Instead of the tests and questions that she’d expected, the doctor had taken her out to breakfast, and they’d just talked.  At the end of the meal, he’d given her his direct line and told her to call him if there was anything else she wanted to share with him.  While she was certain this situation wasn’t exactly what he’d meant, Yasmine felt certain that he wouldn’t be angry with her.
“Scout Tarde, what an unexpected but thoroughly pleasant surprise.”  
“Doctor, I have a problem.”
She watched Casper Holidran’s smile fade, his pale green eyes turning serious.  “What’s wrong?”
“I’m on Ellori, with Commander Feulion and the First,” she told him.  “There was some fighting and the woman he was with, the Life Elementalist—”
“Terese,” he interrupted.  “She’s been hurt.”
“She’s more dead than hurt,” Yasmine told him.  “The commander collapsed after bringing her out of the mine, but there doesn’t seem to be anything wrong with him, not physically.  I don’t know what to do.”
“More dead than hurt,” Casper repeated.  “What does that even mean?”
“Well, it’s a little hard to explain…”
“Never mind.  I know what’s happened to the commander.  There should be another Elementalist there, Lieutenant Saveen Dinrar.  Find her and bring her here.  I can give her instructions.”
Yasmine nodded and left the ship, looking around for the lieutenant.  She jogged to a group of soldiers treating minor injuries and asked them if they’d seen the woman, repeating the process until finally coming up to the tall, red-headed lieutenant.
“A Fire Elementalist,” Yasmine muttered.  She thought she’d kept her voice low, but apparently not, Saveen turning to face her with a scowl.
“Do you want something?” the woman demanded.
“I need you to come with me, Lieutenant,” Yasmine stated, giving the woman the salute her rank earned her.  “The commander has been injured, or something, and Doctor Holidran wants to tell you what to do to help him.”
The expression that passed over Saveen’s face wasn’t one that Yasmine could place, but the lieutenant nodded and followed her as she jogged quickly back to her ship.  She showed Saveen inside and stepped back, leaving the doctor to pass along his orders.  When the woman pushed past her a few minutes later, she jerked her head back in the direction of the cockpit.
“He wants to talk to you again,” she said as she left.
Yasmine watched the lieutenant approach the spot where Gregory lay, noticing that someone had moved him onto a stretcher and covered him with a blanket.  Beyond him was a huddle a people, who she assumed were still trying to save Terese.  She moved back into the cockpit.
“Can you explain what you meant by more dead than hurt?” Casper asked her as soon as she was visible in the screen.
Yasmine shrugged.  “Her heart stopped and she wasn’t breathing, but she wasn’t gone.”
“And you know this because?”
“Because I could still sense her power.  She is a strong Life Elementalist.  Not as strong as you are, but not far from it.”
Casper nodded.  “I need Terese brought here to me, as soon as possible.  If she isn’t dead yet, I might be able to save her.”
“I’ll see what I can do.”
Closing down the comm channel to Erumar, Yasmine turned and made her way back outside toward the fallen Elementalist.  As soon as she could see the woman, she knew that Terese was fading.  Her power didn’t feel nearly as strong as before, but miraculously, she was still hanging in.  One of the medics was performing CPR, trying to keep her organs alive until they could restart her heart.
“Doctor Holidran wants her transferred to Erumar,” she stated, not directly addressing anyone in particular.  “We need to move her.”
“And how in hell are we supposed to do that?” one of the medics demanded.  “If we stop CPR, she’ll be dead.”
“She’s dead already,” somebody muttered, but Escante spoke up before Yasmine had a chance to reply.
“She’s dead when a doctor says she’s dead,” the pilot stated firmly.  “Since she’s the only doctor on this hunk of rock, we keep working.”
“I can take her in my ship,” Yasmine stated.  “It’s fast, certainly faster than the transport, but it’ll be cramped with someone else in there working on her.”
“I’ll do it,” Escante spoke up immediately.  “It’s the least I can do for the commander.”
There was more going on here than she was privy to, Yasmine could tell.  Tomas was a great guy, but he’d never had any particular fondness for Gregory that she knew of.  Still, he was motivated, and that gave Terese a better chance in her books.
“You’re going to have to stop working on her in order to get her aboard,” Yasmine explained, “but I can move the ship closer so that it will be as fast as possible.”
Escante nodded and Yasmine ran to her ship, firing up the engines without bothering with her pre-flight check.  Keeping the engines throttled down, she brought the ship as close as she could, and then helped Escante load the injured woman into the back.  He settled in beside her, resuming the chest compressions necessary to minimize the organ damage.
“I’ll go as fast as I can, Escante,” Yasmine told him as she throttled up the engines.  “It’s not going to be a smooth ride.”
“I don’t care,” he told her.  “Just get us to Erumar and the doctor.  I’ll worry about my bruises later.
Ellori was the planet’s second moon, and was inside the asteroid belt ringing the planet.  Without having to worry about navigating through the ever-changing ring of rocks and space debris, the trip to the planet’s surface took only minutes.  Honestly, it took longer to land inside the palace landing bay.
Doctor Holidran was waiting for them with a pair of medical professionals in tow.  Yasmine had no idea if they were doctors, nurses, or something in between, nor did she care.  All she knew was that Terese was still partially alive, for lack of a better way of describing her state.
Terese was transferred quickly into a room in the medical centre, Casper pausing outside of the pressurized doors for a few moments.  He glanced over at her for a heartbeat before turning his attention back to the prep work being done on the other side of the glass.  Yasmine watched as Terese’s uniform was cut away, revealing the horrible damage, before one of the nurses tugged the curtains closed.
“I would like to talk with you again, later, if that’s alright,” Casper said as he reached for the door.  “I understand that you may be busy, but if not…  I’d like to see you later.”
Yasmine nodded, not really having anything to say to that.  She knew that her gift intrigued the doctor, and yet the man was trying so very hard not to let that be the only reason he sought her out.  It was endearing, actually.
As the door closed behind the doctor, Yasmine turned away from the room and made her way out of the med centre and into the palace courtyard.  She was at loose ends, not having enough information about what had happened to report to anybody.  She’d heard the mayday and responded, as had Gregory, but she’d arrived too late to do anything more than see the aftermath.  There would be questions asked, however, and Yasmine wondered if she’d be privy to any of the answers.  Whatever had happened on that moon, whatever was happening with the queen’s cousin – and the beasts, and the traps – Yasmine suspected that all of this was just a piece of a much larger puzzle, and that intrigued her.  She was a Protectorate spy, after all, and learning secrets was what she was good at, and she was determined to see what she could piece together.



Chapter 25
Gregory woke knowing instantly that he was in a med centre… again.  There was a smell that nothing seemed to mask, and he’d spent far too much time under a doctor’s care over the last little while to mistake it for anything else.  He also knew that he wasn’t alone, somebody else’s breathing coming to his ears from the left-hand corner of the room.  He opened his eyes slowly.
“What are you doing here?” he demanded, his expression settling into a scowl.
“Nice,” Saveen commented.  “I think the words you’re looking for are ‘Thank you for saving my brain and putting the pieces of my mind back together,’ you ungrateful bastard.”
Gregory grimaced at the reminder of why he’d needed the woman’s help.  When he didn’t say anything, Saveen continued.
“You should have told me about the bond, asshole,” she stated, not looking up from the tablet in her hand.  “You let me throw myself at you when you were already attached!  How do you think I felt when I found out that you’d essentially forced me into the role of a slut trying to steal away somebody else’s man?”
Gregory blinked, caught off guard by her venomous words.  “I never really thought about it like that,” he admitted.
Now she looked at him, her green eyes bright with unshed tears.  “It’s bad enough to be passed over, but to be used like that…”
“I’m sorry,” he told her.  “I didn’t realize how this must have looked to you.  I…”
He trailed off, uncertain.  Before he’d passed out, Yasmine had convinced him to let the medics work on Terese.  Terese, who’d stopped breathing and who was, to all appearances, dead.  Now, Saveen was here in his room, obviously waiting for him to wake up.
“So you’re shielding me,” Gregory stated.  “For how long?”
“Until Casper finds somebody to bond with you, because I’m sure as hell not going to do it.”  Saveen looked back down at the tablet she was holding and didn’t say another word.
About a half hour later, the doors whirred open and Casper stepped into the room.  The tension between Gregory and Saveen was apparently obvious, as Gregory watched the doctor grimace as he glanced between them.
“I see the two of you are playing nice,” Casper commented quietly, drawing a rude gesture from Saveen.  The doctor sighed.
“You’ve really made an impression with her, haven’t you?” he commented.
“So what now?” Gregory wanted to know, not willing to discuss the massive mistake he’d made with Saveen.  “How long am I here for?”
Casper checked the tablet he was carrying and made note of the readings on the various machines near the bed.  Finally, he looked up and gave Gregory a weak smile.
“You’re able to leave whenever you’d like,” he told the commander.  “Your vitals are fine, the shock of the bond breaking has passed, and you have someone to shield you until we get a bond back in place.”
Gregory glanced over toward Saveen, wondering if she’d abandon him in the middle of a crowd just to get back at him.
“And when will that be?”
 “That will depend on how quickly you can locate Jax,” Casper told him.
Gregory scowled.  “What does Jax have to do with this?”
“Well, while Terese will still need time to fully heal from her injuries, it’s her—”
“Wait!” he interrupted the doctor.  “Terese is alive?  You managed to save her?”
Casper looked over at Saveen, who was glancing over the top of her tablet.  “You didn’t tell him that Terese is alive?”
“He’s an ass,” she replied with a shrug before hiding behind her tablet once again.
Casper sighed.  “Yes, Terese is alive, and yes, we managed to repair most of the damage.  The rest will heal on its own, but it’s her aura that concerns me.”
“What’s wrong with her aura?”  Gregory knew how important an Elementalist’s aura and energy levels were.  He’d nearly lost Jessa on a number of occasions, due to problems with the queen’s aura.
“Jax did something to it—”
“I’m going to kill him!”  Gregory sat up and started to get out of bed, determined to hunt the man down and kill him.  Not only did he have Terese’s injuries to answer for, but now this too.
“Enough!” Casper shouted, shocking Gregory into stillness.  He’d never heard the man raise his voice before.
“You need to listen to me, Gregory, and not go jumping to wild conclusions.  Jax is the only reason Terese is alive at all.”
“What?  How?”
“I don’t know how, and that’s the problem.  He did something that… froze her aura, so that when her heart stopped, she didn’t fully die.  Think of it like someone who freezes to death.  Sometimes we can thaw them out and they’ll be fine.  Whatever Jax did arrested her dying, giving us time to heal the damage, but her aura isn’t thawing back out.”
“So we need Jax to undo whatever it is that he did,” Gregory stated.  “We need a wanted pirate, the man responsible for at least the trap on Vullan’s moon as well at the attack on Ellori, to just waltz on down here to fix Terese.”
“Essentially, yes.”
Gregory sighed.  “How am I supposed to convince him to do that?”
Casper shook his head.  “I honestly don’t know, but if you don’t, Terese will never recover fully.  She used her power on Ellori, and depleted her aura considerably.  Because her aura is no longer fluid, I can’t give her more energy.  She’s unbalanced, and without Jax, she’ll stay that way.”
“Won’t her aura recharge naturally?”
“It doesn’t look like it.  She’s been here for most of a day, and there’s been no change.”
Gregory swung his legs over the side of the bed, getting ready to stand.  “Can I see her?”
“Of course you can.  She’s sleeping right now, healing, but there’s no reason you can’t see her.  If she wakes, she’ll likely be groggy, and she may not make a lot of sense, just so you know.”
He nodded.  “Where is she?”
“Just in the next room.”
Gregory looked over at Saveen, who sighed and put her tablet down on the chair beside her.  “I assume you want me to stay here so you can be alone?”
“That would be nice, but it’s entirely up to you,” he told her.  “It’s entirely up to you if you want to keep shielding me at all.  If you don’t, I certainly don’t blame you.  I’ll stay here and send someone else after Jax.”
Saveen shook her head.  “It’s bad enough that I’m apparently a slut,” she stated.  “I’m not going to be cast as a heartless bitch too.  I’ll help you, but when Terese is back to normal, I hope I never have to lay eyes on either of you again.”
“Fair enough.”
Getting up, Gregory glanced down at himself.  They’d left him dressed in his uniform, something that was rather odd, but he figured they must have been busy with Terese and likely knew that he wasn’t suffering from any physical injuries.  Still, if Terese did wake up, he didn’t want to present her with the gruesome sight of him covered in her blood.
“Ummm…. do you think you could find me something to wear?”
Casper blushed and slipped out of the room, returning a few minutes later with a loose pair of pants and a matching shirt, similar to what the medical staff wore.  “It’s the best I can do on such short notice,” the doctor told him with a shrug.
Gregory slipped into the bathroom to change, emerging a few minutes later.  Trusting Saveen to keep the shield up, he opened the door to his room and went next door to check on Terese.
Seeing her lying in the hospital bed brought back memories of last time, when he’d forced Jessa to order the bond formed between them.  It seemed strange to him to be back at square one, no bond between them and Terese recovering from injuries she’d received being with him.  Maybe it would be better for her if he just left things as they were.  It certainly looked like it would be safer for her, but he had to make sure that she was whole again before he left – if that was what she wanted.  He had to find Jax and make him fix this.
Walking into the room, Gregory sat down in the chair at Terese’s bedside.  He just looked at her for a few moments before reaching out and taking her hand.  As he enfolded it between both of his, her eyelids fluttered and she seemed to wake.
Blinking blearily, Terese looked at him.  “Doctor?  I don’t feel so good.”
“Don’t worry,” he said, trying to keep his voice soothing and not reveal the hurt he felt that she didn’t recognize him.  Casper had warned him, after all.  “You’ve been injured, but you’re in good hands.  We’ll have you as good as new soon.”
She blinked again, a frown marring her smooth skin.  “I… I don’t feel like myself.”
“I know.  We’re trying to fix that too.”
Terese nodded and closed her eyes, her breathing evening back into the slow, deep breaths of sleep.  Leaning forward, he kissed her gently on the forehead. 
“Don’t worry about a thing.  I’ll make sure that you’re back to normal as soon as possible,” he promised.
Standing, he made his way to the door, his mind already whirling with possibilities.  Casper and Saveen were waiting for him in the hallway.
“So where do I start?” Gregory wanted to know.  “Does anybody have any idea where Jax could be hiding?”
“I might be able to help.”
Gregory glanced over to see Yasmine coming down the corridor toward them.  Taking in Gregory’s puzzled look, she smiled.
“Jax Amari is a puzzle, and I love puzzles,” she stated.  “I was coming to talk to the doctor, but I can talk to everyone if that works better.”
Gregory made a ‘go ahead’ gesture, and Yasmine nodded.
“I’ve been combing through the Protectorate records for anything having to do with pirate activities in general and Jax Amari specifically.  There is a slight pattern to the reports, which gives us a place to start.”
“If it was that easy, why hasn’t anybody else analyzed the data and found the same pattern?” Saveen wanted to know.
Gregory exchanged a look with Casper, both of them knowing that nobody had found the pattern because nobody had looked before.  Jax had been wanted in name only prior to this, not truly hunted.  Now, the situation had changed.
“So where are we heading?” Gregory wanted to know.
“Believe it or not, but we’re going to Acaria,” Yasmine stated, naming the closest neighbouring system.  “I don’t know if he’s there or not, but it’s a place to start.”



Chapter 26
Walking into the palace docking bay the next morning, Gregory looked around to ensure that they were alone.  Saveen and Yasmine walked past him into the large, open space, Yasmine heading straight over to the ship they were about to take.  
“You’re both sure about this?” he questioned for at least the third time.  “Jax isn’t going to go down easily.”
“I’m sure,” the scout stated, running her hand along the ship’s exterior.  “I want to be a part of figuring out what’s going on.”
“You’re stuck with me, whether we want it or not,” Saveen observed sourly.  “Without me, you’re not going anywhere, Commander.  Lucky for you, I feel like helping out.”
Gregory sighed, wishing there was something he could do to sway Saveen’s unfortunately justified opinion of him.  This wasn’t likely to be a pleasant trip, and that was entirely on him.  He checked the time and then signalled for Yasmine to go ahead and board the ship to start the pre-flight check.
“This seems more than a little unusual,” Saveen pointed out, gesturing to the oddly empty docking bay.  “Are you sure we have permission to do this?”
“Of course he does,” a smooth, deep voice answered, making Saveen’s eyes widen in alarm.  “Or at least he would if he’d bothered to actually ask the queen.  Then he wouldn’t have to sneak around like this.”
Gregory, who recognized the voice, turned and bowed.  “Your Highness, how wonderful to see you.”
Karim grinned, his teeth looking very white against his caramel skin as he stepped from the shadows.  “If you thought you could get off planet without Jessa knowing, you’ve been away from her for too long.”
Gregory acknowledged the statement by inclining his head.  “And you’re here to see us off?”
“Not exactly,” the prince corrected.  “I’m coming with you.”
“I don’t think that’s a good idea at all,” Gregory stated.  “Jax is a sneaky bastard, and if something happened to you, Jessa would have my head on a spike faster than I could blink.”
Karim laughed, not a sound that inspired confidence in Gregory’s ability to change the prince’s mind.  
“While that may be true,” Karim agreed, “it changes nothing.  You need me.”
“All set!” Yasmine called, exiting the ship and coming part way down the ramp.  Seeing Karim, she froze, her eyes scanning the man from head to toe.  “Why is there yet another Elementalist in the landing bay?  I thought you guys were supposed to be rare.”
Gregory choked on a laugh, the expression on Karim’s face quite amusing.  “Yasmine, this is Prince Karim, the queen’s fiancé.  Karim, this is Yasmine Tarde, the First’s best scout and our pilot for this little trip.”
Karim inclined his head in greeting, while Yasmine paled and retreated back into the ship.  Saveen laughed at the other woman’s expense, drawing the attention of both men.
“What?” Saveen asked with a shrug.  “Can’t I have a little fun?”
“Preferably not at the expense of others,” Gregory said with a sigh before turning his attention back to Karim.  “Now, about you accompanying us, your Highness...”
“He needs to go with you.”
At the sound of Casper’s voice, Gregory very nearly threw his hands up in frustration.  For a nice, quiet exit, this was turning into a party.  There were too many important, highly ranked individuals in one place for this to remain a secret for much longer.
“And why is that?” Gregory demanded, turning to face the doctor.  Seeing that Casper wasn’t alone, he took three quick steps toward Terese, Casper and Karim forgotten.
“What are you doing out of bed?” he asked softly.  “You should be resting... healing.”
“I feel mostly fine,” Terese told him, her pale colour belying her words, however.  “Besides, I need to come with you.”
“Oh hell no!” Gregory exclaimed, stepping back from her and rounding on Casper.  “How could you possibly allow her to be here at all, Doctor, let alone bring her here to come with me?”
Casper shrugged.  “She made a rather convincing argument.”
“Well if she’s coming, I guess you don’t need me anymore,” Saveen commented.  “Story of my life, these days.”
Casper raised a hand, forestalling her exit from the area.  “That is most certainly not true, Lieutenant.  Sergeant Conterra has absolutely no access to her power right now, and would not be able to shield the commander.  Nor can we re-establish the bond, assuming that’s the course that it ultimately decided on.”
The tone of Casper’s words told Gregory that the decision was far from certain, and he wondered if Terese had said something to the man.  He certainly wouldn’t blame her if she wanted nothing to do with him.  Look where her association had gotten her, after all?
“So Saveen needs to come to shield me,” Gregory stated, “and Yasmine needs to come because she’s the pilot and knows where we’re going.  Why do the two of you need to come into this incredibly dangerous and very uncertain situation?”
“Karim needs to go with you because he is a Siphon,” Casper stated bluntly, drawing a gasp from Saveen as the woman took two steps away from the prince.  “Based on what Terese has told me, you’ll likely need to dampen or remove Jax’s power in order to bring him down, and Karim can do that.”
“Can’t a Siphon kill an Elementalist?” Gregory asked.  “Jax isn’t going to be any use to us if he’s dead.”
“Yes, a Siphon can kill an Elementalist,” Casper confirmed, “but Karim has amazing control over that aspect of his power.  He won’t kill Jax, simply make him easier to control.”
Gregory nodded.  “Fine.  Now, why are you here, Terese?”
“The chances of bringing Jax to ground and hauling him back here are pretty slim,” Terese explained.  “We’ll have a far better chance of getting whatever this is undone if I’m there so he can do it right away.  I’d prefer to take my chances being caught in the potential crossfire than be stuck living like this... shadow of myself.”
Having felt that way about his own life not so long ago, Gregory could see her point.  He nodded, with a loud sigh.  
“I’m surprised Jessa isn’t here to add to the pile of people,” he commented sourly.
“I’m sure she’d love to be, but the queen is a little indisposed right now,” Karim revealed with an odd smirk.  “She’s having some difficulty with her aura… again.”  
Casper’s attention snapped to the prince, silent communication passing between them.
“If you’ll excuse me,” the doctor said, “I’ll get back to work.  Take care of each other.”
Casper turned away and left them standing there, Gregory hesitating for just a moment before reaching out to take Terese’s elbow.
“You need to stay on the ship and rest,” he told the young doctor.  “I’m not going to have you hurting yourself for no good reason.”
“Fine,” Terese agreed with a sigh as Gregory led her aboard.  
Karim gestured to Saveen to precede him, and then brought up the rear, keying the hatch closed behind him.
“So what happens to the Reservoir when there are three Elementalists in one place?” Yasmine asked when Gregory dropped into the co-pilot’s chair a short while later.  “Are they all taking turns, or are they going to fight it out?”
“That’s not funny,” he commented.
“But it might be fun to watch,” she replied with a grin.
Engaging the engines, Yasmine pulled the ship smoothly out of the landing bay and angled it up toward the atmosphere and space beyond.  When the radio crackled a short while later, the voice from the Protectorate tower didn’t ask any questions like usual.  Instead the communications officer just passed along the coordinates for her trip through the asteroid belt and signed off.
“Wow, it really does help having direct backing from the throne, doesn’t it?” she muttered to herself.  “I’ve never been able to leave Erumar so easily.”
“I wouldn’t recommend getting used to it,” Gregory commented.  “This is probably the only time it will happen.”
As the ship entered the asteroid belt, Yasmine spoke again.
“I’m really glad Terese made it,” she said.  “I hope we can get to Jax so she can recover her powers.”
Gregory nodded, acknowledging both statements.  “Where are we going, exactly?”
“The moons,” Yasmine replied.  “I’m not sure which one though, so we’ll likely have to search them both for signs of the man.”
Acaria’s moons were a twin pair, revolving around each other even as they revolved around the planet.  It would make for some interesting navigation, but Gregory knew that Yasmine was up for the task.
“Thank you, by the way,” the commander said.  “For... helping me on Ellori.”
“No problem,” Yasmine answered with a smile.  “I’ll consider it a favour owed.”
Gregory laughed.  “You do that.”



Chapter 27
Terese let her head fall back against the seat she reclined in, closing her eyes.  Gregory had hovered over her while she got herself settled, insisted on tucking a blanket around her legs, and provided her with a glass of water before leaving her to rest.  Now that he was gone, she let herself give in to the weakness she felt, something that she refused to do when he was around.  It was bad enough that he’d spent the last day or so insisting that she rest, take it easy, or any of the variations on that particular theme, and she could only imagine how he’d react if he actually knew how hard it was for her to stay awake, how hard it was to function with any semblance of normalcy.  Of course, the man was avoiding her, so it made hiding her condition a lot easier.
“May I join you?”
Terese opened her eyes and smiled.  “Of course you can.  You can do whatever you’d like, your Highness.”
“Not whatever I want, but close,” Karim corrected her with a smile of his own.  “How are you feeling today?”
“Tired,” she admitted, not having the same hang ups about letting the prince know how she was really feeling.  “I have a hard time staying awake.”
Karim nodded.  “I understand that your aura is unbalanced.  That’s likely why your body is forcing you to rest.”
Terese narrowed her eyes.  “And how do you know that my aura is out of balance?  You’re not a Life Elementalist.”
“No, I am not,” he confirmed.  “I am gifted with Water, but Casper was telling Jessa about what was happening with you, and I was present.”
“Why would Casper be talking to the queen about me?”
“Because Gregory is important to Jessa, and you are important to Gregory, and so now you are also important to Jessa.”
She blinked.  “I…  I don’t know how to react to that.  I’ve never been important to anybody before, not really.”
Karim laughed, a rich sound that brought an answering smile to her lips.  “I doubt that is true,” he told her.  “Regardless, you’re important to people now.”
“Could have fooled me,” Terese muttered.  “The way he’s been avoiding me certainly doesn’t scream important.”
“He feels guilty about the injuries you’ve suffered.”
“Why would he feel guilty about that?  It was just bad luck, not anything Gregory did or didn’t do.”
“When you care about someone, truly care about them, logic has little to do with how you feel when that person is sick or injured.  Trust me.”
Terese tilted her head to side and looked at Karim’s serious expression.  “I’m assuming that you’re speaking of the queen and her penchant for finding trouble?”
Karim laughed again.  “That is a very nice way of saying it.  I’ll leave you to rest as best you can.”
As the prince stood and moved to another area of the ship, Terese closed her eyes once more.  So the commander felt guilty, did he?  Well, that certainly wasn’t going to make any of this any easier for him, now was it?  Little did he know, but Terese was pretty sure that she wanted to continue to be a part of his life with the First.  Yes, she’d technically died on her first mission with Gregory and his command, but she’d felt alive too.  Being part of everything felt far more rewarding to her than had her brief time alone on Miralea.  Now she just had to figure out how to convince Gregory that staying with him was the best thing for her.
~§~§~§~
“You need to talk to her, and you need to make peace with whatever it is that is hanging between you.”
Gregory looked up from the map in front of him to meet Karim’s steady gaze.  “I do, do I?”
Karim sighed and sat down in the chair opposite him.  
“I know what it is like to be in love with a strong willed woman,” Karim began.  “We both know what it’s like to love Jessa, and from what I can gather, your Terese is a lot like her.”
“If you mean pigheaded and likely to get herself killed because she pushes too hard without thinking about the consequences, then yeah, they’re similar.”
The prince snorted.  “I thought that Jessa taking the throne would reduce those particular traits, but I was very, very wrong,” he revealed.  “But we’re not talking about Jessa right now.”
Gregory sighed.  “Every time I look at her, I see her lifeless body.  I can’t get past that image.”
“Well you’re going to have to.  Do you have any idea what’s going to happen if you can convince Jax to release her aura?  Have you spoken to Terese about it?”
“What do you mean?”
“What happens when a master-ranked Elementalist unbalances their aura?” Karim asked pointedly.  “If Casper is to be believed, and I see no reason why he wouldn’t be telling the truth, Terese’s aura is very much out of balance.”
Gregory paled as the realization of what was happening to Terese dawned on him.  “She’s going to need to rebalance right away, or risk slipping into a coma.”
Karim nodded.  “And you and I both know the best way to balance an aura.  You need to talk to her, Gregory, and soon.  Waiting until you’ve cornered Jax will be far too late, and we’ll be into Acarian space within the hour.”
Taking Karim’s words to heart, Gregory shut down the map and pushed away from the table.  Moving through the ship, he made his way back to where he’d left Terese not long ago, pausing in the doorway to watch her for a few moments.  She still looked incredibly pale, and there were dark circles under her eyes as if her body was calling out for rest, but now the Karim had brought his attention to the full problem, Gregory realized that no amount of rest was going to help.  Not yet anyway.  Again, he’d been so stupid!  He should have realized that most of the issues Terese currently battled were due to her aura and not her injuries.  
“Why don’t you come and sit with me instead of hovering?” Terese asked gently.  “I won’t bite, I promise.”
Gregory smiled and stepped into the room.  “I don’t mean to hover, honest, it’s just that…”
“Just what?” she prompted after he’d trailed off into silence.  “Just that you blame yourself for something that wasn’t in any way your fault?  Just that you have no idea what to do with me and wish I’d go back to Miralea?  Just that—”
 “That’s enough of that,” he told her firmly, coming to kneel in front of her.  “I don’t want you to go back to Miralea, but I do want you to be safe.  I just have no idea how to make that happen.”
“I’m pretty sure that my life is full of choices that I have to make for myself,” Terese informed him, her hazel eyes glinting with a hint of anger.  “It’s not your responsibility to keep me safe.”
“But it is,” he insisted.  “At least it is if you’re willing to accept me as your Reservoir and partner, because keeping my bonded partner safe is literally part of my job description.”
“I…”
Gregory laid a finger across her lips.  “We don’t have to talk about it now,” he told her as he lifted his finger away.  “In fact, there is something more pressing that we need to discuss.”
“I’m listening.”
“You are now a master-ranked Elementalist, and as such, you have the ability to push your power beyond your natural limits,” he told her.  “From what Casper told me, this is what you did in the mine.”
“Which means what?”
“It means that you’ve badly unbalanced your aura, and because of what Jax did, it isn’t something that we can fix right now.”
Terese nodded.  “I know that.  I can’t use my powers, recharge my aura, or anything.”
“Exactly.  Unfortunately,” Gregory continued, “Karim pointed out that when we get Jax to release your aura, all of that changes.”
“Which is the point of going after him,” she pointed out.  “I want to have access to my aura and my powers.”
“But as soon as your aura unfreezes, or whatever it is that’s going to happen, the fact that your energy level is very low will become an immediate problem.  Your instincts to rebalance will kick in, and I need to know what you want me to do about it.”
Terese closed her eyes, apparently thinking it all through.  “And what are my options again?  I know we discussed this a while ago, but I want to make sure that it is very clear to me what’s likely to happen here.”
“Well, if you do nothing, you will quite likely slip into a coma and die, unable to bring  your energy levels back up to something safe,” Gregory told her bluntly.  “Since we don’t know where Jax will be, we don’t know if there will be a power grid for you to pull from, so using me is likely your best option.”
“So you can give me energy to rebalance before I die… again.”
Gregory winced at the reminder and took a deep breath.  “Yes.  I will need physical contact for the exchange to work, and just touching you isn’t likely going to be fast enough.”
“So something more intimate.”
Terese’s tone of voice was flat, and Gregory took her hand.  “The reason we’re having the conversation now is because when the instinct hits, there’s not likely to be a lot you can do to control it.  I’m not going to take advantage of you, Terese.  You tell me what you want, and I’ll make sure it happens.”
“So if I want you to just give me enough energy to get me to a power grid, you’ll do that?”
The idea that she didn’t want him hurt, but Gregory nodded.  “Yes, if that’s what you want.”
“And what if I want something more?” Terese asked softly, looking down at their clasped hands and not meeting his eyes.  “What if I want...?”
Gregory held his breath, not willing to push or prompt her in any way.  He wanted Terese in his bed, had wanted her for weeks, but she needed to come to him.  It had to be her idea.
“I know that what happened scared you,” she told him, “and I know that you wish you could wrap me up and keep me safe, but I’m learning that I’m not that kind of girl.  When I was just a medic, I was busy all the time.  Between classes, exams, work in the med bay, I never had a lot of downtime.  Being on Miralea was boring, and I was happy going to Ellori with you and the others, and I was excited to rush into the mines to save those… miners.  I want more of that.”
“What are you saying, Terese?” he asked, wanting, needing her to say the words.
“I want to be your partner,” Terese admitted.  “I want a true, bonded partnership, with everything that goes with it.  I… I missed you when I returned to Miralea on my own, and I think I might be a little in love with you, too.”
Gregory let out a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding.  Raising up onto his knees, he gently cupped Terese’s face and pulled her close, kissing her gently.
“That makes me very happy and very scared, all at the same time,” he told her.  “Once I give you a bit of energy, to stabilize your aura, you could likely bond us yourself, if you wanted to.  Then… well, then you could finish the bond and balance your energy levels all at once.”
Terese blushed, but nodded.  “I think I can do that.  I can at least try.”
Gregory pushed himself to his feet.  “Now rest, while you can,” he insisted.  “With a little luck, this will be over soon.”
Turning away to head toward the cockpit to check in with Yasmine, he thought he caught a glimpse of Saveen.  The Fire Elementalist had been making herself scarce ever since boarding the ship, and Gregory briefly wondered if she needed anything before dismissing her from his mind.



Chapter 28
“And how, exactly, do you know that this is the place?” Saveen asked, arms crossed and foot tapping.  The look she tossed Yasmine’s way wasn’t friendly.
“I don’t know that this is the place,” the scout countered, “but it makes sense that it would be.  Just look around you, and see if you can figure it out.”
“Both of you, stop it,” Gregory commanded.  “And yes, that’s an order.  This is going to be hard enough without the pair of you at each other’s throats.”
He had no idea what had happened between the women, but something had Saveen’s back up.  It seemed to him that since Terese wasn’t exactly a sporting target for the Fire Elementalist in her current weakened state, she’d turned her attention to aggravating Yasmine instead.  Unfortunately, Yasmine wasn’t one to take shit from anybody, and certainly not from someone not even part of their regular company.  Taking a deep breath, he looked over at Terese, frowning at her appearance.  She seemed worn down and her skin had a translucency to it that he really didn’t like.  They needed to get this done, and the sooner, the better.
“Are you sure I can’t convince you to stay out here?” he asked again.  “It would be safer for you.”
Terese shook her head.  “I’m more likely to get what I need if I’m there when you find him,” she argued.  “What are the chances, honestly, that Jax will be willing to come out here and fix me?”
Gregory couldn’t really argue with that.  He looked over at the two Elementalists.  “Which of you wants to bring down the security system so that we can get in?”
“What security system?” Saveen asked.  Gregory held up a hand to forestall Yasmine’s inevitable comment, and he just shook his head.  Comments like that just proved to him more and more that Saveen wasn’t cut out to be a part of his command.  They were the ones doing the Protectorate’s more clandestine work, and the woman couldn’t even see the cameras?
“The one currently pointing cameras at the door and windows on this level, as well as powering whatever nasty surprises will be triggered if we open the door without disarming the system,” Terese replied.  “I’d do it, but that wouldn’t work out too well, for any of us.”
Karim smiled.  “I’ll bring the system down and bring up the rear with the doctor.  The rest of you can head in first.”
Gregory nodded and watched the prince close his eyes and gather himself.  Gregory knew about the binding Karim had put on his powers to hide them from his people, and he knew about all of the hard work Karim had done to gain control over his Water gift.  It was nice to see the man finally seeming at ease with what he was.
Saveen started for the door a few moments later, Yasmine and Gregory a couple of steps behind.  With Jessa in command, there’d never been any guesswork involved in this sort of thing, but now Gregory was realizing the importance of having an Elementalist along for the types of missions the First usually did.  Without the ability to sense the energy flowing through systems, someone was likely to get fried, something that could be avoided with the right personnel.  He made a mental note to speak to Jessa about it when they returned home, especially if she was thinking about training other units to do work like this.
The door banged open under Saveen’s shove, the sound reverberating through the large, open space inside of what looked like a dilapidated warehouse.  Sitting in the middle of the room was a table with a bank of monitors for the security system, and a single chair.  There was nobody in sight, and no doors to indicate where somebody could be hiding.
“The place is empty,” Saveen snarled.  “All this for nothing.”
“All this?” Yasmine shot back.  “You haven’t done a damned thing, and this is the first place we checked.  What the hell is your problem?”
Leaving the women to argue, tired of it, Gregory walked over to the table, wondering why the equipment was still here if everything else was gone.  There were marks on the floor showing where large pieces of furniture had been until recently, making him think that the building had only been abandoned within the past few days.
Only one of the monitors showed any sign of power, telling him that it was powered using a different system than the one brought down by Karim, and the image on the screen was flickering on a still image of Jax Amari.  The man was looking into a camera with a great, big smile on his face, a look that made Gregory want to reach through the monitor and strangle the man.  Looking more closely, he realized that it was a paused recording, and while powered, none of the security measures for the building were actually armed.  Reaching over, Gregory hit play.
“I’m actually rather impressed that you managed to find me this quickly,” the image of Jax informed him.  “I hope that the fact that I’m not here doesn’t inconvenience you too much, but I needed to be careful not to get myself hanged.  I’m sure you understand.”
Gregory felt a rage rise up through his chest, choking him with his desire to kill the man.  Before he could move, however, the recording continued, and Gregory felt his rage settle into a simmering mass of confusion instead.
“I know that you’ve brought the Elementalist I saved with you,” Jax informed him.  “And I’d like to repeat that part.  I saved her for you, Gregory.  In fact, I’ve done as much as I can to mitigate the damage this whole thing is causing.  Think about it.  I could have killed the guards on Ellori, we both know that, but I didn’t.  I could have had far more than three beasts with me, but I didn’t…  This is not what you think it is, and I can’t be hauled in front of my cousin without seeing this through.”
“But how do I undo what you did?” Gregory asked the monitor, ignoring the fact that the image of Jax kept talking, pointing out more evidence of the fact that he wasn’t as evil as they all thought.
“Bring the Elementalist to me,” Jax told him.  “Come alone, and meet me at—” 
The equipment exploded into a fiery rain of sparks and scrap, Gregory jumping back out of the way instinctively.  Looking up, he saw Saveen standing near the door, her hand still outstretched toward the pile of rubble that used to be a message he very desperately needed.  Suddenly, the rage he’d been holding inside for Jax had a new target, and he sprang across the distance separating them with a roar.
As fast as he was, Karim was faster, slamming into Saveen from the side and knocking her to the ground.  She struggled, but Karim flipped her onto her stomach and wrenched an arm up behind her, making her cry out in pain.  Gregory reached them at that point, grabbing Saveen’s other arm and yanking it straight out along the floor, stepping onto the spread fingers of her hand.  He restrained himself from either crushing her hand or kicking her in the head through sheer force of will.
“Twitch, and I will not only break your hand, but I will encourage his Highness here to suck your power dry,” Gregory told the Elementalist.  “Do you have any idea what you just did?”
Saveen laughed bitterly.  “Where do you want me to start?” she sneered.
Karim seemed to take offense to her tone, yanking on her arm and making her scream.  
“That is enough of that,” he informed her.  “Answer the commander’s question.”
“I destroyed the message from Jax before you could find out how to heal Terese.”
“Why?” Gregory wanted to know.  “What has she ever done to you?”
“Aside from being the reason that my life sucks right now?” Saveen asked.  “The woman is the reason I was passed over for a bond with you.  She is the reason I’ve been relegated to babysitting duty, and that’s just until she’s healed, and then you’re going to kick me to the curb, aren’t you?  She is the reason that I am ignored and unwelcome, unless you need something she can’t give you right now, of course.”
“You destroyed the chance for Terese to get her powers back because you’re jealous?” Gregory asked, astounded.  “That is the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever heard.”
“No, jealousy isn’t the only reason,” the Fire Elementalist spat.  “Hurting her hurts you, which in turns weakens the queen.  Weakening Erumar’s strangle hold on the galaxy is the only reason that anybody does anything these days.”
“What are you talking about?” Karim demanded, leaning forward and applying pressure on Saveen’s joints.  She whimpered, but didn’t scream this time.
“Why should I tell you anything?” she demanded when she caught her breath.  “You’re just going to kill me, but at least I can do this first.”
Gregory didn’t get the chance to ask what she was talking about, because between one heartbeat and the next, Saveen pulled her shield from around his mind.  He felt pain hit him, but not as badly as it had in the past.  It still dropped him to his knees for a few moments, until he managed to work through it.
Seeing the expression on Saveen’s face as he pushed himself back to his feet was almost worth the pounding headache he now had.  Glancing over his shoulder, he met Yasmine’s gaze.
“Do you think you could try to figure out where Jax wanted to meet?” he asked.  “It would be great if you could do that back on the ship, while we finish up here.”
Yasmine nodded and left the building, and the pain ebbed even farther.  Gregory remembered what Casper had said about Elementalists being able to shield their thoughts, and now, there were only Elementalists left.  He was only picking up on the people in the surrounding area, and since this part of the moon’s settlement was run-down and mostly abandoned, he could deal.
“What?  How are you doing that?” Saveen wanted to know, but Gregory just smiled.
“I guess you’re not the only one with secrets.”  He turned his head to look at Karim.  “What do you want to do with her?  She’s obviously got something to do with the larger picture, even if she’s just sympathetic to their cause.”
Karim nodded.  “Jessa will want her questioned.”
“And I don’t want her blowing up my ship.  Can you take her power?”
The prince nodded, a look of distaste on his handsome face.  “I do not like this aspect of my gift, Commander, but I agree that it is necessary in this instance.”
Saveen started to struggle in earnest, crying out as she caused herself pain from the hold Karim had her in.  Tears were streaming down her face as she tried in vain to get away from the man.
“Please,” she begged.  “Don’t do this.  I’m sorry I did anything to hurt anyone.  I didn’t mean it… I was just jealous, like you said.”
Gregory tuned out her cries, moving instead to where Terese leaned against the wall.
“Don’t worry, we’ll find him,” he promised her.  “Yasmine has an uncanny knack for finding people and secrets.”
“That’s not what I’m worried about,” Terese told him.  “I’m worried about what Saveen said about Erumar’s strangle hold on the galaxy.  What was she talking about?  And why is she turning against her people?”
“I don’t know,” Gregory said with a shrug, “and right now, I don’t much care either.”
Behind him, Saveen’s sobs had quieted.  Looking over his shoulder, he saw Karim lifting the unconscious woman in his arms.
“I’m going to take her back to the ship and confine her… somehow.  We don’t need her causing trouble while we look for Jax.”
Gregory nodded, then turned his attention back to Terese.  Reaching out, he brushed a strand of blond hair back from her face.  “It won’t be long now, I promise.”
As if his words had summoned her, Yasmine slipped through the doorway as soon as Karim exited the building.  “I think I know where he is,” she announced.  “You’re not going to like it though, Commander.”
“What else is new?” he wanted to know.  “What’s wrong this time?”
“Unless I miss my guess, he’s holed up in the one of the brothels not far from here.”
“Sounds like something he’d do,” Gregory stated with a sigh.  “And?”
“And the brothels are very busy.  You won’t be able to go inside, or likely anywhere near them, if what happened on Ellori is… normal.”
“I’m not comfortable with the idea of Terese going into those places alone, and certainly not in her current condition.”
“Terese is right here, you know,” the woman in question commented wryly.  “I think she might even have something to say about all of this.”
Gregory blushed.  “I’m sorry, Terese.  I’m not intentionally ignoring you or anything.  I just want…”
“You just want me to be safe,” Terese finished for him.  “I know.”
She looked over at Yasmine.  “Would you be comfortable coming with me?  I’m afraid that I won’t be much use to you in any capacity until after I meet with Jax, unfortunately.”
“Don’t worry about it,” Yasmine told her.  “I’ve got your back.”
Gregory smiled, happy that at least Yasmine was here to help out.  He didn’t think that Jessa would appreciate it if they dragged Karim through a bunch of brothels looking for her cousin, but he trusted in Yasmine’s competence to keep Terese safe.
“Excellent,” he proclaimed.  “Now, before you go, Yasmine, there’s something you should know.  When Jax unfreezes Terese’s aura, there are going to be consequences, and it’s important that you get her back to the ship right away.”
As Gregory continued to give instructions to Yasmine, he drifted toward the door, one hand on Terese’s elbow.  He was grateful that the ship wasn’t far – he should be able to reach it without collapsing or some such equally embarrassing thing – and once he was safely ensconced there, he gave Terese a kiss for luck and sent her off with Yasmine to find Jax.



Chapter 29
Terese paused, leaning against the wall of the building as she coughed weakly.  Yasmine was immediately at her side, the scout’s face lined with concern.
“Are you okay?” Yasmine asked, and Terese nodded.
“I think my lungs just aren’t quite ready for this much exercise,” she commented.  “I guess they’re still healing.”  If she had access to her power, she’d be able to tell, but that wasn’t an option right now, so Terese just used her best guess.
“I’m so sorry,” Yasmine commented, blushing.  “I’m usually much better than this.”
“This is only the third building, Yasmine,” Terese told her with a smile.  “It’s not a big deal, I just need to catch my breath before we keep going, okay?”
Though she wasn’t about to admit it out loud, Terese was actually getting worried about how weak and frail she was feeling.  There had been a steady decline in her health since she’d woken up on Erumar, something she’d been trying very hard to hide.  She had a feeling that if they didn’t find Jax soon, it wasn’t going to matter anymore.
When she was feeling a little better, Terese nodded, and Yasmine led the way to the bright red door of the next brothel.  Like the previous two they’d checked, there were men of all shapes, sizes and species loitering about, but Yasmine’s obvious weapons and Terese’s obvious illness left them mostly unmolested.  For those few guys who couldn’t seem to get the hint, Yasmine dealt with them quickly and harshly. 
Opening the door, Yasmine pushed her way inside, ignoring the comments made by the men waiting their turn.  The scout reached back to take her elbow, and then sweet talked her way past the bouncer.  Within a few minutes, they were inside.  Yasmine pulled them to the right, putting their backs against the wall, and leaned over to speak into Terese’s ear. 
“This is the right place,” she swore.  “I can feel him here, somewhere.”
“Can you get any read at all on where?” Terese asked.  “This place is packed.”
Yasmine shook her head and Terese sighed before pushing away from the wall and starting to make her way deeper into the building.  Both women knew who they were looking for, and their eyes roved over the place as they searched.
This brothel seemed to be a little more… exclusive than the two they’d checked previously.  The large warehouse, which is what the building had been originally, was divided into a large common room with many little private areas branching off of it.  Most of the ‘walls’ were made of fabrics hanging from the ceiling, so privacy was more illusion than fact.  If there’d been any doubt as to the nature of the building, the sounds coming from behind the privacy curtains would have allayed those thoughts.  Terese felt surrounded by grunts, moans and screams of pleasure.  Someone bumped into her, and she stumbled before a firm grip on her upper arm stopped her fall.
“Sorry about that, my dear,” a cold voice whispered beside her ear.  “I’ll try to be more careful.”
Turning her head, she saw the incongruous appearance of a friendly grin and the cold blue eyes of Jax Amari.  She stifled a gasp of alarm, knowing that he’d told Gregory to bring her to him.  He wasn’t going to hurt her in the middle of a crowded room, was he?
“Gregory isn’t here,” the man said sternly. “I told him to bring you here and to come alone.  Why is there another woman with you?”
Terese shook her head.  “There were complications, and Gregory couldn’t come.  He sent Yasmine because he didn’t want me to be alone.”
“Well this isn’t going to work,” Jax stated.  “I went to all this trouble for the two of you, and now it isn’t going to work.”
He released her arm so suddenly that Terese started to stumble backward, but he caught her again, sighing.  
“Well, you’re certainly in no shape to be walking the streets, that’s for certain,” Jax told her.  “Let’s go.”
Sweeping her up into his arms before she could so much as squeal in protest, Jax pushed his way through the crowds, heading deeper into the brothel.  Terese heard some hoots and hollers from other patrons, assuming they were about to make good use of one of the private rooms, and she started to struggle, uncertain.
“Quit it!” Jax snarled.  “If you make me drop you, I’ll leave you on the floor.”
“Where are you taking me?” Terese asked, looking over Jax’s shoulder to try and locate Yasmine.  “What are you doing?”
Jax sighed.  “I’m not going to hurt you,” he said.  “If I wanted to hurt you, I’d just let you die.  You are going to die if I don’t unfreeze your aura.”
“I figured,” Terese commented with a resigned sigh.  “So what are you going to do?”
“I need to get you back to Gregory before I help you,” he stated.  “Your aura is drained to nothing by now, unable to recharge from any source of energy, including you.  If I unfreeze it without a Reservoir waiting, you’ll die and there won’t be anything anybody can do to save you.”
“So you arranged for us to come to a brothel because…?”
“What better place to have sex with someone?” Jax asked, and Terese could hear the smile.
Jax reached the back of the building and shouldered open the emergency exit, stepping out into the alley that ran behind the warehouses in this district.  
“I assume your ship is back near my former hideout?” he asked, and Terese nodded.  
“I can’t believe I’m doing this,” Jax muttered, starting back in that direction.  “Radio your friend and let her know where you are.  I don’t need her coming up and shooting me in the back, thinking that I’ve kidnapped you.”
Terese did as she was told, the volume of sound on the other end of the comm channel telling her that Yasmine was still in the club.  The scout sounded a little angry, but agreed not to come after her, instead meeting her at the ship.  Terese flicked the receiver off, but kept the channel itself open.
“How did you learn to alter auras?” Terese asked after a few moments.  “You did something to your own aura back in the mine.  My power just ran down it like your aura was a solid wall.”
Jax chuckled.  “I’m not going to reveal my secrets.  I am actually quite happy to know that there’s something I can do that Holidran can’t.  Trust me when I say that’s a rare thing.”
“Okay.  So tell me why you seem to be playing both sides,” she prompted instead.  “You’re going out of your way to help me, and yet, you set the First up on Vullan’s moon, killing six, by the way.”
He winced, a pained look crossing his face briefly.  “I didn’t want anybody to die.”
“But they did.  Why would you do that?”
Jax sighed.  “This situation is so much more complicated than even I initially thought it was,” he told her.  “I’m answering to somebody higher up the food chain, just as I was higher up than that rogue Feulion killed.  We’re all answering to somebody else, somebody who desperately wants to bring Erumar to its knees, and I can’t find out who it is unless I work my way up.  Finding this out is more important than the lives that are being lost, and as I explained, I’m doing the best I can to minimize that.”
Terese shook her head.  “I’m not sure your cousin agrees that the ends justifies the means, not when she’s the one telling families that their loved ones are dead.”
Jax stopped walking and set Terese down on her feet, keeping one hand on her arm.  “You have to convince her that it is worth it,” he insisted.  “I’m going to undo what I did to save you, and then I’m out of here.  It will be better for everyone if Jessa doesn’t waste her time and resources coming after me.  When I have something to tell her, I’ll find a way to do that.  Do you understand?”
She nodded.  “So what happens now?”
“Now, I wait for Gregory to come get you, which should take less than a minute since I know he’s listening to us.  We’re behind the warehouse, Feulion.  Hurry up, or I’ll leave her body for you to find.”
Jax reached over and keyed the comm channel closed, and Terese sighed.  “Why do you keep baiting him?” she wanted to know.
The pirate smiled at her.  “I have a reputation to maintain.  And it’s fun.”
Terese rolled her eyes, but then stiffened at the sound of running feet.  Jax grabbed her and pulled her body back against his, using her as a shield.
“That’s far enough, Commander,” he called out.  “Just come on around the corner, nice and slow, and I’ll give you back your Elementalist.”
Gregory did as he was told, his hands clenched at his side.  Terese couldn’t tell if they were clenched in anger or in pain, and figured it was likely a combination of both.
“Put up a shield,” Terese said.  
“What?”  
“Put a shield up around the three of us.  That way, if he brought anybody else with him, you’ll be that much safer.”
She felt Jax nod, and a few moments later, an invisible bubble sprang up.  Terese saw the lines of tension around Gregory’s eyes ease a little, and she smiled.  At least he’d be able to function regularly for a little while.
“Let her go, Amari,” Gregory snarled.
“Only if I have your assurances that I can walk away.  As you heard, I’ve got work to do, and I’m not letting you screw it up.  I regret the deaths I’ve caused, I do, but they’re a small price to pay, and this little lady here means nothing to me.”
Terese saw Gregory’s eyes widen, and she could hear the sincerity in Jax’s voice.  She knew the pirate would let her die before he’d let himself be captured.  Gregory nodded, and she felt Jax shove her away.  She stumbled forward, and Gregory darted to catch her as she fell.
“Kiss her,” Jax ordered.  “As soon as I do this, she’s needs energy.”
He didn’t hesitate, sweeping her into his arms and pressing his lips to hers.  Terese shuddered at the feeling of Gregory’s strong arms around her, and she melted into him, opening her lips and inviting him inside.
“Good luck,” she heard, and then she felt life drain out of her.  It was as if whatever Jax had done had given her energy that she didn’t have, and now he was taking it back, leaving her bereft of everything she needed to live.  She moaned as darkness threatened, and she sagged a little in Gregory’s arms.
Their kiss changed, becoming far more urgent, and Gregory’s tongue thrust inside her mouth to stroke along hers.  With it came a flow of energy, causing pinpricks of pleasure to dance along her skin.  Terese gasped at the sensation, winding her arms around Gregory’s neck and trying to pull him closer as lust speared through her body.  She couldn’t speak, and she couldn’t think.  She was nothing but a being of need and the man in her arms had everything she wanted.
Breaking their kiss, Gregory licked his way along her jaw before sucking her earlobe between his teeth.  He nibbled gently, the flow of energy from him continuing, before he pulled back to whisper in her ear.
“If you could please put a shield up around my mind so my head stops pounding, I’ll take you back to the ship and we can continue this in private.”
Realization that they were on the ground in an alley behind a rundown warehouse crashed into Terese’s reality, and she blushed.  Slipping into Gregory’s mind with the ease of practice and familiarity, she built a temporary shield as she felt him get to his feet, lifting her into his arms.  She snuggled against him, keeping the skin of her cheek pressed against the skin of his neck to keep the energy flowing into her.
“I don’t feel very good at all,” she muttered as Gregory carried her down the street to where she could see Karim and Yasmine waiting for them at the base of the ship’s ramp.
“I’ll take care of that for you once we get on board,” he promised.  “Just hang on and you’ll feel better soon.  I promise.”



Chapter 30
“Get us out of here,” Gregory commanded as he pushed past Yasmine and Karim.  “I need to help Terese rebalance, so I’ll be busy for a while.”
“Take your time,” Karim said with a chuckle.  “One of us might as well be having fun.  I’m going to go call Jessa and let her know what happened, and we both know how that’s likely to go.”
Karim and Yasmine headed toward the cockpit, and Gregory carried Terese toward the back of the ship and the captain’s quarters there.  Terese moaned against his neck and tried to snuggle closer, instinctively seeking to increase her skin to skin contact with him, and he kissed her on the forehead and pushed another flow of energy into her.  She was badly depleted, and the sooner he could get her naked, the better.  Locking the door, Gregory carried Terese to the bed and laid her down, stretching out beside her and never once breaking contact.
Ideally, he knew that Terese should bind their auras together before they consummated their relationship, but she didn’t have the energy for it right now, nor was she aware enough of her surroundings.  He needed to give her energy first, and a lot of it.
Gregory pushed himself up and reached for Terese’s blouse, pressing a kiss to each newly revealed piece of skin as he slowly unbuttoned the garment and worked his way down her body.  With each kiss, he pushed another spike of energy into her, making her gasp and writhe on the bed, the movement causing her thigh to brush against his swollen cock, sending bursts of pleasure through his body as well.  After he pulled the two sides of the blouse apart, revealing a blue, lacy bra cupping her perfect breasts, Gregory pulled his own shirt off over his head and stretched out, pressing his body against hers.  Terese immediately moved against him, her hands roaming his chest and back, her teeth nipping gently here and there.
After a little while, he sat up, bringing her with him, and then he slipped her blouse off her shoulders before reaching around to unclasp her bra.  As it too fell away, he let his hands caress her back, always pushing more of his energy into her.  Impatient after a few moments, Terese fell back onto the pillows, pulling him down on top of her and kissing him fiercely.  Gregory shifted his body to the side so that he could caress and knead her breasts as they kissed, and she arched her back, encouraging him to continue.  He broke away from her lips and drew one taut nipple into his mouth instead, swirling his tongue around the hard peak as he pinched the other between his finger and thumb.  Terese moaned and gasped, tangling her hands in his hair and holding his head in place.
Lying his body across hers to attend to the other breast, Gregory let his hands wander down to the waistline of Terese’s pants.  Finding the zipper, he loosened them and started to push them down over her hips, taking her panties with them.  When he could reach no farther in his current position, he sat up and moved down the bed to finish freeing her of her clothing.  Then Gregory paused, admiring Terese’s body, laid out ready and waiting for him.  As his eyes travelled slowly up to her face, he saw her smiling at him.
“What are you waiting for?” she asked, her voice husky with desire.  Her eyes were partially closed, and she held her arms up toward him.  It was an invitation he couldn’t resist, and he quickly slipped the rest of his clothing to floor before crawling up the bed to lay beside her.
“Do you still want to be my bonded partner?” he asked, kissing his way along her shoulder to her neck.
“Oh gods, please don’t stop,” she murmured, turning her head to give him better access.
“That doesn’t answer my question,” Gregory said with a chuckle, letting his hand roam down her body until he reached the patch of curly blond hairs at the apex of her thighs.  Terese gasped at the sensation, spreading her legs a little.
“Keep doing that and you can have whatever you want,” she promised him.  
While the invitation excited him, and while his cock was so hard it was aching for the release he could only find buried inside her, the words she spoke stilled his hand and his kisses.  He pushed himself up and away from her.
“Terese?”
“Ummhmm?”
“Look at me, Terese.”
As she struggled to open her eyes and meet his gaze, Gregory nearly growled in frustration.  Though he’d received her consent before she was lost to her instincts, this isn’t how he wanted their partnership to begin.  He wanted her to be fully aware of him and of them and of what she was consenting to right now, in this moment.
“Why did you stop?” Terese asked, her body moving to press against him once again, as she craved the skin-to-skin contact.  “You don’t have to stop.”
“Yes, I do,” he muttered to himself.  Still, he could give her what she needed without soothing his own aching need.  That would be better.  
He let his fingers caress a trail down her body once more before he let his hand come to rest between her legs.  Terese simultaneously spread her legs a little wider while grinding her pelvis against his hand, her need clear to him as he felt the damp curls that covered her soft, slick nether lips.  He used his thumb to gently rub the bundle of nerves hidden there at the top of her folds, and Terese bucked against him and cried out.  Gregory continued to rub circles around her clitoris as he slid a finger up and down along her slit, the wetness of her excitement coating his finger in moments.  With a sigh from him and a cry from her, he slid his finger inside her body.
“Oh gods!” Terese cried out.  “Please, don’t stop!”
He had no intention of stopping, and he slowly withdrew his finger most of the way before thrusting it back inside her, eliciting another cry.  Gregory repeated the movement, his thumb never stopping the pressure on her clit, and Terese began to thrust her hips to meet him.  He slid a second finger inside of her, and that pushed her over the edge, her orgasm making her throw her head back with long, drawn out moan as her muscles tightened convulsively against his fingers.  Gregory kept the movement going, drawing out her pleasure, until she finally relaxed back against the bed.  He removed his fingers from her body and laid down beside her, watching her breasts heave in the most enticing way as she fought to catch her breath.  He let his fingers trace idle patterns along her arm as she pulled herself back together.
“That felt amazing,” Terese breathed, and Gregory tore his gaze away from her chest and brought his eyes up to meet hers.  They were clearer now, he was happy to see.
“You didn’t…  Why didn’t you…?”
Gregory leaned over and kissed her jaw before answering.  “I want you to be with me, especially the first time,” he told her.  “You’re with me now, and if you want, we can continue.  You’ve had enough energy from me to be safe, so if you’d prefer, we can just curl up and sleep.  It’s your choice.”
Terese drew her bottom lip into her mouth to worry at it with her teeth.  He watched her eyes drift down his body, widening when they reached his hard, aching cock.  His penis twitched as if aware of her scrutiny, and Terese immediately brought her eyes back up to meet his.
“How do I bond us?” she asked, making Gregory’s cock twitch again with anticipation.  He swallowed down a wave of desire, wanting to be perfectly clear.
“You don’t have to–” he began, but she stopped him with a kiss.
“I want to,” she assured him.  “I really do.”
Gregory nodded.  “Reach out and gather my aura, and then weave it into yours.  You’ll know if you’ve done it correctly when you can bring down the shield without affecting me.”
Terese took a deep breath and closed her eyes for a moment before she stretched out her hand and ran it along his jaw and down his neck.  Wherever her fingers touched his skin, he felt a wave of pleasure, telling him that she was also tracing a path along his aura.  When she was satisfied with whatever she was doing, she opened her eyes.
“How’s that?”
He blinked.  “I feel fine, if that’s what you mean.”
“Good,” Terese told him.  “To my sight, my aura has the streaks of yours in it again.  So, what’s next?”
Gregory smiled.  “Now, you have to Claim me.”
The time they’d spent just lying there together would normally have caused him to soften slightly, but he’d been without release since before he’d met her, and he wanted her so very badly.  He was ready and willing, and he caressed his way down to her hips, hoping she was as eager as he.
“I’m nervous,” Terese whispered, her voice shuddering as his touch sent waves of pleasure across her skin.
“Don’t be nervous,” Gregory told her, kissing her gently.  “It might hurt a little, but I’ll make sure you feel wonderful before we’re done.”
Terese spread her legs for him, and he dipped his hand between them, finding her soaked with her previous release.  Slipping a finger up inside her, he found that she was still wet, but he wanted to make sure that this was as pleasurable for her as possible.  He slid his way down her body.
“What are you doing?” she asked, lifting her head to watch him.
“Trust me.”
Spreading her legs wider, Gregory looked at Terese, her excitement glistening, beckoning him to taste her.  His tongue darted out, and as the warmth of it touched her sensitive skin, she bucked and cried out.  Gregory smiled and did it again, lapping up her juices and making her wetter in the process.  She tasted wonderful, and he pulled her closer, thrusting his tongue inside of her.
Moving his tongue in and out of her body, mimicking the motions he was aching to do himself, Gregory felt the shudders in Terese’s body as her climax drew closer.  Then, when he sucked her nub into his mouth and bit ever so gently, she came apart with a scream of pleasure.  He felt moisture pool at his mouth, and quickly pulled away, sliding up her body and thrusting his cock inside of her with one quick motion.  That caused her to cry out again, but in pleasure, not in pain.  He froze.
“Terese?  Are you okay?”
She nodded, apparently unable to speak, and Gregory pulled out of her slightly.  
“Gods!” he cried out.  “You’re so tight!”
He pushed back inside of her slowly, and Terese gasped, her hands coming up to twine around his neck.  “Do that again,” she commanded, and with a smile, he followed her directions.
As he slid out and in of her hot, slick channel, Terese moaned and brought her legs up to wrap around him.  “I never knew that it felt this good,” she panted.  “Please, don’t stop.”
“I’m not going to last much longer,” he told her, flexing his hips.  “I’m trying, but…”
Terese tilted her pelvis, drawing him deeper, and that was his undoing.  Gregory thrust into her hard, making her cry out and arch against him, and his slow, careful rhythm fell apart.  He thrust into her again, and again, his pace increasing and the wonderful friction building toward a pleasure he knew would bind them together in a way that was far beyond what he’d shared with Jessa.  This was perfect, this was right.  With another thrust, Terese climaxed hard, screaming his name in a way he’d longed to hear.  Another few moments, and he joined her, spilling his energy and his cum into her body, sealing their bond with a wave of pleasure they both felt.
Gregory reluctantly pulled himself from Terese’s body, curling up beside her before reaching down to draw the blanket over top of them both.  She snuggled against him, murmuring sleepily, and he knew she’d be unconscious for hours as her body finished rejuvenating her aura.  Pressing as much of his bare skin against her as he could, Gregory wrapped an arm around his bonded partner’s waist and fell asleep.



Chapter 31
“Hey, Commander!  Are you actually ever going to come out of that room?” Yasmine called from the other side of the locked door.  “We’re home, and I’m pretty sure the queen wants to speak to you.”
“Maybe we’ll come out later,” Gregory muttered against her neck, and Terese giggled as she pushed him off of her.
“Get up,” she told him.  “I’m too sore anyway.”
They’d made love twice more after their bonding.  Terese couldn’t think of what they’d done as just sex, not the way he’d lavished attention on her, ensuring that she found pleasure in everything he did with and to her.  His actions spoke to her of meeting needs far deeper than just scratching a physical itch.  The trip back to Erumar had been amazing, and Terese was unhappy that they needed to rejoin the real world.
Gregory sighed.  “I guess I’ll go talk to Jessa, if that’s what she wants.”
“You’d better,” Terese told him, tossing his shirt at his head.  “She’s your queen.”
“Yours too,” he pointed out, handing her the clothes he’d gathered up from the side of the bed where he sat.  “I think I’ll keep these,” he stated, holding up her blue lacy panties.
She lunged for the little scrap of cloth, and Gregory caught her by the wrist, tugging her across the bed and into his lap.  She laughed as he kissed her neck, but she stole the panties from him before pushing away and dressing.
When Terese and Gregory emerged from the quarters they’d holed up in for the duration of their trip, they found themselves alone.  
“They left without us,” Terese complained.  “Hurry up.”
Stepping down into the palace landing bay, she could just spot Karim as he slipped into the shadows of the stairway leading up to the courtyard.  She increased her pace to try and close the distance between them, Gregory hard on her heels.
“Is there going to be any explanation?” she asked.  “I don’t know how all of this works.”
“Just come with me to talk to Jessa,” he told her.  “Chances are good that everyone will be there, and we can explain the situation once.”
Terese nodded, suddenly nervous.  Once she’d awakened the first time, feeling a lot better but still a bit out of balance, she and Gregory had discussed the way their situation had changed, and what to do about it.  The conversation hadn’t been entirely friendly, but they’d reached a decision they could both live with.
The pair caught up to Karim and Yasmine at the base of the steps leading up and into the palace.  “Where’s Saveen?”
Karim gestured toward the Protectorate headquarters, and Terese could just see a pair of soldiers leading the unresisting woman through the doors.
“Did her powers come back at all?”
Karim shook his head and then opened the palace door, holding it for them all to pass into the building.  
Terese hadn’t been inside the palace often enough to have gotten tired of the view, and she looked around as best she could as they all followed Karim up the stairs and along a hallway to wherever it was the queen wanted to see them.  Stepping across the threshold into a comfortable study, Terese immediately relaxed.  There was something inviting about the room, something comfortable, and she reacted to the atmosphere of the space.
“Welcome home,” the queen said, rising from a chair where she’d apparently been reading.  She took a few steps toward the group, but Karim closed the distance between them far more quickly, wrapping his arms around his fiancée and kissing her soundly.  Jessa laughed and said something in a low voice before Karim broke away and took up a position at the queen’s shoulder.
“Please, have a seat,” Jessa invited, gesturing to the furniture scattered around the room.  “The others will be here shortly, but there’s no need for everyone to be uncomfortable.”
Following her own advice, Jessa sat down on a couch, Karim choosing to remain standing behind her.  Terese started to sit down in a chair, but Gregory redirected her to another couch, pulling her to sit down beside him.  The action drew a questioning glance from the queen, but Karim bent down to whisper in her ear, and she looked back at the couple with a genuine smile.  Yasmine leaned against the wall nearby, also choosing not to sit.
The other two heads of government arrived a short while later, Casper turning to smile at Terese as soon as the door shut behind him.
“You are looking much better than when you left,” he said.
“I am feeling much better than when I left,” Terese replied with a smile of her own.
“I’m also happy to see that you’ve managed to complete your bonding,” the head Elementalist stated.  “Congratulations.”
The general looked over at the pair, and Terese blushed. 
“Yes, we needed to talk to you all about that,” Gregory stated.  “There are going to have to be some adjustments made.”
“Oh there are, are there?” Jessa asked, raising an eyebrow in question, but Gregory just nodded, refusing to back down.
“We can’t continue to work together under the previous power structure,” he explained.  “We’ve discovered that Elementalist/Reservoir relationships don’t work well within the Protectorate when the Reservoir outranks the Elementalist.”
“So what are you suggesting?” General Triaka asked, worry clouding his features.
“I’m going to resign,” Terese said, drawing relieved sighs from Jessa and the general.  She frowned.  “Why, thank you very much!”
“It’s nothing personal, my dear,” the general said with a smile, “but we’ve invested a lot of time and money into Commander Feulion.  It would be a shame to lose him.”
“And I’m expendable?”
“Hardly,” Casper was quick to jump in.  “Life Elementalists are rare.  I do have to wonder what your intentions are, however.  As a bonded partnership, it would be very unusual for you to work apart from each other.”
“I’m hoping to act in a civilian support role for the First,” Terese suggested.  “They need a doctor, but since Gregory is a little overprotective, he’s not willing to let me near any sort of combat directly.”
“After what we’ve been through, I would have thought Terese would agree with me,” Gregory revealed.  “Apparently not, but we managed to find something vaguely related to a compromise.”
General Triaka and Casper exchanged glances, and the doctor shrugged.  “I don’t see anything wrong with it.”  They both turned to look at Jessa.
“I know the First would benefit from having medical attention close at hand,” the queen stated.  “I have no problems with it either.  Now, tell me what happened with Jax.”
They all took turns telling the story, filling in details as needed.  They explained about Saveen and about how Jax maintained that he wasn’t what they all thought he was.
“He said that he’d come to you when he could,” Terese said.  “He said that this is all a lot bigger than it seems, and the only way he can find out who’s in charge is to work his way up.”
“He has gone out of his way to minimize the damage,” Yasmine pointed out.  “He made a very good case for himself.”
“And he didn’t take any chances,” Gregory muttered.  “He knew that my first priority would be Terese, and that he’d have time to slip away because of it.”
Jessa waved that comment away.  “I guess we’ll just have to leave things as they are for now,” she said.  “Did any of you happen to see the guardsman he took hostage?”
They all shook their heads, and Jessa sighed.  
“Well, that’s all I have for the pair of you,” she said, gesturing to Gregory and Terese.  “You’re dismissed.  Yasmine, please stay for a moment.”
Gregory rose and held out a hand for Terese, helping her to rise.  With a smile for his queen and friend, he led Terese from the room, shutting the door behind them.
“What do you think that’s all about?” she wanted to know.
“I’m not certain, but I think I just lost my best scout.”
Terese tilted her head, a question on her lips, but Gregory kissed her instead.  
“Let’s go get cleaned up, and then I’m taking you to dinner,” he said.  “Assuming we leave the shower, of course.”
“The shower?  You want to share a shower?”
“Oh, I want to do a lot more than share a shower,” Gregory promised, making her blush.  Grabbing her hand, he led her from the building.
~§~§~§~
Yasmine looked around the room, a little intimidated by the fact that everyone left with her was in charge of her entire world.  “How can I be of service?”
“It’s funny you should ask,” Jessa told her with a smile.  “We’ve been talking about you.”
“Oh?”  Yasmine felt her anxiety spike.  People talking about her meant people talking about her gifts.  In her experience, that didn’t usually end well, which is why she’d tried to keep them secret.
“Your gift lends itself well to certain types of missions,” the queen continued.  “And paired with your uncanny ability to ferret out secrets, I’d like you to consider a slightly different position.”
“I really like my job,” Yasmine protested, “and I’m good at it.”
“True, you are very good at it,” Jessa agreed.  “That’s why I’d like you to work for me, directly.”
“So, I wouldn’t be part of the First any longer?”
“You wouldn’t be a part of the Protectorate at all,” General Triaka said.  “You’d answer to the queen alone.”
Yasmine shook her head.  “I don’t think I understand what, exactly, you’re asking me to do.”
“I want you to be a spy for the crown,” Jessa said.  “I want to be able to send you to retrieve information, locate people and objects, and basically do everything you’ve been doing for the First.  The difference is that you would only answer to me.  Not Gregory, and not the general.  What you learn would be for me only.”
When Yasmine hesitated, Jessa smiled. 
“It’s a lot to take in, all at once.  Think it over, and let me know your answer tomorrow, okay?”
Yasmine nodded, and when nobody appeared to need to say anything else, she turned to the door.  Letting herself out of the study, she leaned back against the wall, taking a few deep breaths.  Spy for the crown?  Why did that sound a whole lot more dangerous than what she was already doing?
“Yasmine?  Are you okay?”
She looked up to see Casper standing in front of her.  “Yes, I’m fine.  I was just thinking.”
“Would you like to talk it over?” he asked.  “I know what it’s like to work directly for the crown.  You could ask me any questions you have?”
Yasmine thought about it, and then nodded.  What could be the harm in that?
Casper smiled.  “Over dinner?”
She opened her mouth to turn him down, but then thought better of it.  If she did accept this new position, she’d likely see more of the handsome Doctor Holidran.  Figuring out how not to lose herself in the feel of his power would likely be a good thing, and there was no time like the present to start figuring it out.  She nodded instead.
“Great,” he said, offering her his arm.  “Where would you like to go?”


About the Author

Danika has enjoyed reading romance novels, as well as fantasy and sci-fi, for many years.  When not writing, either as herself or her alter ego, she likes to spend time reading, gardening, or trying her hand at a variety of crafts.
Broken is the second Elementalist novel, and the first, Bound, is available for free from wherever you purchase your eBooks.  Please consider leaving a comment to help Danika improve her work.

