Bryce Royal LIVE! - Romance Blossoms
Audrey Bones

All Rights Reserved.

Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9


Chapter 1

How the hell did I get here? Bryce Royal pondered as she took her place for her latest stunt. 
In the large aircraft hangar sized studio, three cars sat lined up, side by side. Ahead of each car was a series of four hurdles which sat taller than each car roof. Bryce Royal, the star and host of the show, a popular Hollywood actor named Danny Boyd, and a contestant from the show's audience stood on their respective car roofs. Each contestant was meant to jump through the hurdles and the first to jump the last was proclaimed the winner. Simple enough, if only it didn’t look so harrowing.  
These were the circumstances she found herself in while appearing on her own prime time television show. 
She listened to the audience count down to the starting horn, and then took the lead, leaping over the first three barriers with Danny Boyd coming up just behind her. The third contestant had fallen at the first hurdle. Struggling to keep her balance, she leapt over the final hurdle and burst through the paper finish line. Unbeknownst to Bryce, Danny had clipped the last hurdle and fallen, not making it to the end of the course. 
The crowd whooped and applauded. There's gonna come a day I get too old for this! she thought as she pulled herself up from the foam mats. As she took the applause, she received the message from the floor that they had gone to break. 
The studio was alive with people and paramedics checking over all three participants. Bryce ran her hands through her sweat-drenched hair. 
"Bryce, we have one minute," someone from the floor shouted. 
"Thanks for doing that, Danny." She shook the actor's hand. 
"No problem, Bryce. I had a blast! I need to fit that stunt into one of my movies!" 
She turned to the audience member who was struggling to get his breath and clapped him on the back. 
"Good try, Bob. If you stand on this Theo here, we'll wind up the show and then you can get cleaned up.”
"10 seconds, Bryce!" came the cry. 
Bryce put her game face back on, ready for action. Danny Boyd looked Bryce up and down, taking in her long, muscled legs emphasized by tight shorts. No wonder the guys and girls love you, Bryce, he thought, I don't think you even realize the effect you have on people! He knew from hearsay in the industry that she was no player, even though she had every opportunity. You're one of a kind, Bryce Royal. 
Bryce got the word from the floor and launched into her wrap up. 
"Welcome back. I think that may be one of the most fun and exhausting Bryce's Dares we've done so far!" 
The crowd responded with laughter and cheers as they watched a replay on the big arena screen. At the break, she was given a microphone that she held out to the audience member. 
"Well, Bob, you didn't win the cash prize, but we've got this for you from our friends at Apple." The screen in the studio cut to footage of Bryce making calls on her iPhone and playing games on her iPod. "I hope that'll make up for the grey hair! Big hand for Bob, everyone!" 
The crowd rose to their feet, clapping. She then turned to the actor. "Danny, was that harder than fighting the aliens in Monster Blast?" 
"I tell you, Bryce, it came pretty darn close. I'm exhausted!" The girls in the audience screamed for him. 
"Thanks so much for being on the show the past two nights, and remember, everyone, you can see Danny Boyd in Monster Blast in theatres starting next Friday. I’ll see you next Friday when I'll be cooking with the star of the new hit comedy, Head of the House, and one lucky audience member will get a chance to win our top cash prize. Goodnight, and take care!" 
The three waved to the cameras and audience as the titles rolled. After Bryce was finally given the signal that they were off air, she turned to Bob and said, "Thanks again, Bob, it's you guys that make the show.”
"Thanks a lot, Bryce! Do you think I could get an autograph? For my girlfriend, you know," he asked excitedly. 
"Sure thing, I'll have some stuff sent to your dressing room, okay?" 
Turning back to the movie star, she said, "Thanks, Danny. I hope you'll be back for a rematch?" 
"You try and stop me, Bryce. I don't like being beaten by a girl!" he joked as his PA came over with a robe. "Do you want to get a drink after the show, Bryce?" he asked, walking away. 
A member of the floor staff was helping her into a robe. "No. thanks. I need to have my wrap up with the studio audience., but thanks again." Bryce knew as she said it that it was an excuse. 
Her personal assistant said she was positively antisocial and needed to get out more. Bryce had always lacked the skills to make social situations comfortable, unless she was on stage; that was where she excelled. 
After thanking the audience for their support and part in the show, she made her way off stage and was met by said PA in question, Kris Roberts. Kris singlehandedly organized Bryce's life. The woman was in her late fifties, but exceptional at her job, and she could handle Bryce's changeable moods. She was more like a mother than an employee. 
The short, well dressed woman watched Bryce coming towards her. 
"Hey, Kris! Did I do okay?" 
"You were funny and charming, as you well know, Bryce. Go on! Get yourself into the shower." 
After her shower, she dressed in her usual blue jeans and, today, a black t-shirt. 
"So, when you come in on Tuesday and meet with your guests, you'll get your training schedule for archery. I think they lined up an Olympic medalist." 
"Sounds fine. I've got some good sketch ideas. What's their name?" 
"Brittany Gibson. She doesn't have a rep for being difficult, so she should be up for whatever you have in mind. You have an interview Monday morning; the network is pushing for it." Kris knew before she asked what the reaction would be. 
"No. Tell them no. It's my day off, for God's sake! I need time to train. What do they think, that I'm some sort of performing monkey? I need to put the work in to do what I do, you know that!" 
"I do. I'll tell them, Bryce, don't worry." 
Bryce's week was strictly organized and she liked it that way. Sunday and Monday were her days off. Sunday she would laze around her apartment, catch up with the news, TV, occasionally play a game or shop for gadgets. She ran every day, but Monday was her gym days. Mondays were sacred to her. Bryce strongly believed that it was only her mad discipline that kept her sane in Hollywood.
"Oh, before I forget, can you get some show merchandise to Bob's dressing room? I said I would sort out some autographed stuff for Bobs girlfriend." 
"Sure thing. Anything else?" 
"No, that's it. I think I'll head off." 
"I'll call for the car." Kris started to dial her cell. 
"Don't bother. I think I'll walk tonight for a bit and maybe grab a cab." 
"You know I hate it when you do that, Bryce. I don't think you realize how recognizable you are. Your show and your face are up in Times Square for God's sake." 
"I'll put sunglasses on. Nobody cares in New York, Kris, calm down. I just feel like a walk." 
The truth was that she wanted to put off going back to her empty condo in Greenwich Village. She felt her solitary nature the most at night. Bryce grabbed her leather jacket and set off. "I'll see you Tuesday, Kris. Have a good weekend." 
Kris sighed, knowing the woman would probably spend it alone. As Bryce made her way out the stage door, she sent a tweet to her followers. Twitter was just the sort of social interaction she could handle. It was perfect. Short messages at a distance, anytime, anywhere.
Out on the street, the usual journalist and his photographer were waiting for her. Malik Osgood both hated and admired Bryce Royal. When his editor had first charged him with the task of finding some great scandal about her, he’d thought it would be easy. Famous, rich lesbian? Piece of cake., but no. Three years later, he still had nothing. 
Malik made it his mission to get something on her. 
"Got any words for your fans, Bryce?" 
"Now, now, Malik, we both know that’s not what you’re after." Asshole, she mumbled under her breath. 
Malik's tactic recently had been to be there every time she left the studio or her house, be there at every event, firing out questions, hoping she would lose her temper with him or his camera guy. At least that would be something on Miss Perfect. 
He started to follow her then heard her shout back, "You can follow me all you want, Malik, I'm just walking home. Nothing more and you know it." 
"What do you want to do, Malik?" his cameraman asked. 
"Just leave it. This is a waste of our time. I'll get something on you, Bryce Royal. You've got to have an Achilles' heel." He watched as she walked down towards Times Square. 

Bryce wandered, not in any hurry to get home. She looked at all the people milling around like her. Some were tourists enjoying themselves in the bright lights. There were couples having fun, families having fun, other people making their way home to loved ones. At times like these, she felt her loneliness more than ever. She could always get company if she wanted it, and she’d succumbed to the occasional one-night stand. It never worked. She didn't seem to have the skills to relate to women in a relationship. They expected the Bryce Royal from TV, and she just wasn't that person off-screen. 
She wandered on, hefting her backpack back up on her shoulder. It started to rain and was getting heavier. Her leather jacket wasn't giving her much protection. She thought of hailing a cab, but then a little diner on the corner caught her eye. I might as well grab a coffee where it's dry. Better than heading home to no one. 
She entered the diner and took a stool at the counter. It was very quiet, being 11 o'clock at night, and much less glitzy than its competitors in Times Square around the corner. 
There was a server behind the counter, who currently had her back to Bryce. 
The TV host put her bag up on the counter and brought out her iPhone to check her email and twitter then she heard. "Hi, how can I help you?" 
Bryce brought her head up to be met by the most beautiful pair of green eyes she had ever seen. Absolutely stunning. Bryce opened her mouth and promptly shut it before she said something stupid. 
What did she ask?
"Can I get you something to eat? To drink?" the waitress tried again.
Bryce's eyes fixed on the server's nametag and said, "Jodi. Your name is Jodi." 
The woman laughed. "Yes, my name is Jodi. Now what can I get you?" 
"Um... coffee, please. Black." No one would believe she spoke for a living. 
"Sure. Be right back." 
Bryce watched the young woman's hips sway as she walked away. The coffee was put in front of her.
"Are you sure you don't want anything to eat?" 
"Um... yeah, I guess, I haven't really eaten since lunch time and it's late. I usually just zap a meal in the microwave when I get home. I can't cook." Stupid. Shut up.
"Wow. You’re… funny. One minute you can barely string two words together and the next you're talking like a machine gun!" she laughed. 
Stupid.
"I'm sorry. I guess I'm just not very good at talking to people." 
"Well, let me see if I can help you. Since it's late, how about the breakfast plate? Omelet, bacon, hash browns?" 
"Sounds delicious. Yeah, I'd love that. I can’t remember the last time I had that." 
Jodi smiled that sweet smile again and winked. "Coming up! Won't be long." 
Bryce dreamily watched Jodi cook up her food quickly at the grill, her head propped up on her hand. Jodi returned with an overfilled plate.
"This looks amazing!" 
"It's just home cooking." And she was humble, too. 
"I don't get that, ever, so it's amazing to me." 
Jodi looked down at the woman devouring the huge plate of food. "Can I ask you something, uh...?" 
"Oh, sorry. Bryce. Bryce Royal." She waited for the inevitable recognition and change in the petite server. People always changed when they knew who she was., but it never came. 
"Okay, Bryce. Why do you wear sunglasses indoors? Usually it means you're a gangster or extremely full of yourself." 
"I'm neither, I hope. It's just in case I'm recognized. I'm a very private person." 
"So, you're famous or something?" Jodi joked. 
"Yeah, I guess so." Bryce put her head down shyly. "Sorry." 
Bryce lifted her glasses to the top of her head. 
"I'm sorry, I don't recognize you. You on TV or something?" 
Bryce was delighted she didn't know her. It was so refreshing. No expectations. She perked up immediately.
"Yeah, I have a TV show. An entertainment, comedy sort of thing. I've come from the studio just now." 
"Unless you're on a kid’s show, I wouldn't know you. That's all I get to watch these days." 
Bryce's stomach dropped. She has a kid. She was probably married. Well, of course she was, someone gorgeous like her. "You have a kid?" 
"Yeah, a little girl. She's three. If I'm not working here, I'm taking care of her at home." 
Bryce looked around the deserted dinner. There was only one guy propped up at the other end of the counter. 
"You always work this late?" 
"No, just my turn, that's all." 
Bryce eyed the young woman carefully. She was sure there was a story there. Something in the way she stood. She was well-spoken and looked very bright. "Your husband look after her when you're here?" 
Jodi smiled shyly. "No. No husband. Never has been, never will be. I have a very good sitter." 
Bryce brightened at the statement. Never will be… "Well, this was great. I'm stuffed." 
"You sure can eat!" 
“I use a lot of energy!" 
"I can see that." Jodi looked over Bryce's bulky figure. 
Bryce flashed a smile. She was amazed by how easy it was to talk to Jodi, and before they knew it, it was 12:30 a.m. 
"Look at the time! I better get the place cleaned up." 
"Oh, I'm sorry, I'm keeping you back." The other customer had long departed. 
"Don't worry, it was really nice talking to you. The end of my shift flew by." 
Bryce hated to think she wouldn't see her again. She felt an ease with Jodi, one she'd not felt in a very, very long time. Maybe never.
"Uh... do you lock up by yourself? Is that safe?" 
"Don't worry about me, Ms. Royal. I've been doing this for four years." 
“Will you be working tomorrow?" she blurted out, unable to help herself.
"No, Sunday's my day off," she smiled. 
"Mine too." Bryce thought quickly and added, "I don't suppose... no, never mind. Sorry." 
"No, what? Tell me!" 
"I... wondered if I could take you out tomorrow... maybe lunch or dinner or both or..." 
Jodi's eyes brightened, but apparently reality set in. 
"I would have loved to, but I have my little girl and it's my only day to spend time with her. I'm sorry." 
“I understand.” Bryce put a hand to her chest, feeling it swell up with respect for her and her small family. “But, um… here’s my card. Call me sometime, huh?”
Jodi nodded and smiled as she left, biting her lower lip and tucking a stray hair behind her ear.
Bryce jumped in a cab and made her way home to her condo on Fifth Avenue, in the heart of Greenwich Village. The building was pre-war with a 24-hour doorman, state of the art security, and a full fitness center. She had lived there ever since acting school, and she loved to live in an area that was so gay friendly with all the bars, clubs, and restaurants a girl could ask for.
She was sitting on the sofa in her large living room. It was a very light room, cream walls, hardwood floors, and some wonderful pieces of artwork. Bryce had no idea how to furnish a place like this and had gotten Kris to hire a decorator. 
Bryce picked up her phone and dialed the first number on her speed dial. 
"Kris, sorry to wake you, and please apologize to Ben, but I need some help." 
"It's 1:30 in the morning, Bryce. What do you need?" 
"I need flowers. I have no idea what to choose at a florist. Could you order some first thing in the morning and have them delivered to me?" 
"You're taking someone out? You never go out." 
"Well, I am tomorrow. Could you get some kind of toy delivered as well, one for a three-year-old girl?" 
"Bryce, what happened to you between leaving the studio and getting home?" 
"I met someone. Someone I really like." 
"You need to be careful, Bryce. She could want anything from you." 
"Kris, she is the first person I've ever connected with.” 
"Alright, Bryce… what sort of toy? What does she like?" 
"I don't know. What do little girls usually like? You know I know nothing about kids." In truth, Bryce was nervous about meeting the little girl, as she had never been around kids before. "Something that'll make her think I'm great." 
"I'll come up with something, Bryce. I always do. Now the flowers, is it a roses situation, or…?”
"Roses are a bit too much to start with, aren’t they? I don't want to scare her off. Just a big, really nice, normal sort of bunch." 
"That's a great help, Bryce. What time do you need them?" 
"I’m going to send you an address. I need them sent there Monday at… ten?" 
"Okay, I'll take care of it first thing." 
"You're the best, Kris. I'll send you and Ben somewhere nice next summer, I promise." 
"You better. Goodnight Bryce." 
"Good night." Bryce clapped her hands together and whistled as she made her way to bed. 

"Come on Lindsey. We need to get up early this morning." Jodi tried to rouse her little daughter for the third time. She got no response, but a whine, so she lifted the dark haired girl out from her warm covers onto her lap. Lindsey immediately cuddled in tight to her mother. "Sweetie, come on. We're going out. Don't you want to go out?" 
"Are we going to the park, Mama?" the girl asked tiredly. The park was their usual Sunday outing. Lindsey and her mom treasured the time they spent together, as Jodi worked so hard and couldn't spend as much time with her daughter as she wanted. Plus, the park was free and money was tight. 
"We're not going to the park today, sweetie. Mama met a new friend named Bryce, and she would like to take us to the zoo to see the animals. Would that be okay?" 
Lindsey thought hard for a minute. Finally, Jodi added, "She's really nice, Linds." 
"See the penguins?" 
"Penguins? Yes, we'll see them and lots of other animals. What do you think?" 
"Okay, Mama." 
"Great! Let's get you dressed." 

Bryce agonized over what to wear, but finally settled on jeans with a designer hooded, sleeveless black ski vest, hooded sweater, and black boots. As she looked in the mirror, she worried as she always did. What if her daughter doesn't like me? That would be a disaster. I mean how do you act around kids? What do you say to them? Shit. 
Bryce's little brother had only been a year younger, so she had zero experience with kids. She heard her iPhone ring and grabbed it quickly seeing it was Kris. 
"What?" 
"Good morning to you too, Bryce. Someone’s had a rough start this morning. How are you holding up, kid?”  
"Sure. I'm fine,” she lied. 
"If you say so. The flowers were delivered, as I’m sure you know by now. I did some intensive research with my granddaughter. Apparently, the girl toy of the moment is a Fijit Friend, and I got the DVD of Mr. Popper's Penguins. I think that should please a three-year-old, although as I know from experience, you'll be praying for the Fijit's batteries to run down!" 
"What would I do without you, Kris?" 
"Um... wander around aimlessly looking for where you need to be?" 
"Probably. Oh, I hear the doorbell, better go. Have a good day off, Kris." 
"You too. Be careful, Bryce." 
"I will. See you Tuesday." 
Bryce ran to get the door and signed for the packages. The flowers had looked great from the picture Jodi had sent the day before, and the toy and DVD were gift wrapped to look just as good. It was all cellophane with a balloon attached. 
"Kris, you've outdone yourself! She's gotta love me!" She grabbed her keys and wallet and went to get her car. 

"Let's get your shoes on, sweetie." Jodi had just managed to get her little girl dressed. She shoved her tiny feet in the flats with a definitive huff. "Okay, go and play until Bryce gets here." 
"Okay, Mama." Jodi watched as the little girl trotted off to play with her toys on the floor. Sometimes she thought her heart would burst when she looked at her little girl. She was all she had in the world, and even though they didn't have much, they had each other. She looked around their small two-bedroom apartment. The main room was open with the small kitchen and dining area at one end of the room, at the other the couch and TV area. She wished she could provide Lindsey with more, but she worked all the hours she could as it was. 
Life wasn't supposed to be this hard, Jodi thought sadly. 
A knock at the door interrupted shook her from it. Jodi jumped up and excitedly opened it, finding someone who was obscured by gifts. 
"Bryce, is that you?" 
"Yeah, these packages are bigger than I thought. Could you take one? They're for Lindsey. Uh... I hope she likes them." 
Jodi took the large package off the top. "Thank you, Bryce! You shouldn't have. It’s too much." 
"Well, I haven't had the chance to buy toys before." 
Jodi smiled. "Come in, then. I ought to introduce you two.”  
Bryce stood nervously looking over at Lindsey who hadn't spotted her yet. She was quite surprised. She had expected a little blonde girl, but Lindsey had dark brown hair that hung just below her shoulders. 
Must take after her dad. Wonder who that was? She was really pretty and cute, too. Bryce hoped against hope that she liked her. 
"Lindsey, I'd like you to come and meet my new friend, Bryce." 
"Okay." Lindsey lifted her head, and when she saw Bryce's face her eyes went wide. She jumped up and came running over shouting. "Bry! Bry! Big Bird! Where’s Big Bird?" The little girl was jumping up and down on her toes reaching up for Bryce. 
Jodi and Bryce looked at each other strangely. "That's odd. She seems to think she knows you and you know Big Bird. Is it true? Do you know Big Bird?”  
“I might.” 
"Up! Bry! Up!" 
The big woman put down the gift and lifted Lindsey. "Hey, Lindsey, nice to meet you." 
Lindsey hugged Bryce and asked, "Big Bird?” 
"Uh... no, but I do have a friend for you." 
Bryce carried Lindsey over to the couch. "Lindsey… I brought this little friend for you. Here, let me help you open it up." 
"What's its name, Bry?" 
"Well, this one's called Logan, I think. Um... it talks to you and dances. And look, there's a movie too. Maybe we can watch it sometime?" 
Bryce jumped up when Jodi came over. 
"You didn't have to do that, Bryce, but that's really kind. Thank you." 
"Mama! Popper's penguins!" the little girl squealed. 
"That's great, Lindsey! Did you say thank you to Bryce for your presents?" 
"Thank you, Bry,” she said, taking hold of her new toy from the big woman. 
"No problem, little… Smurf." 
Lindsey giggled. "I’m not a Smurf, Bry!" 
"Sure you are! A cute little Smurfet." Bryce's heart fluttered as she looked up and took in Jodi. She was dressed simply in blue jeans and a white, low cut top, which showed off her ample cleavage nicely. "You look really nice, Jodi," Bryce said shyly. 
"You, too," Jodi said with a cheeky smile that made Bryce blush. 
"So... you want to head out? I've got my car out front." 
"Sure, let me get Lindsey's jacket on and we'll be ready. Come on, Linds!" 
The three new friends came out of the building with Bryce still carrying Lindsey, and the little girl had her new Fijit friend under her arm. Jodi was pleased at how quickly her daughter took to Bryce. They actually looked more related than she did, the same dark brown hair and sparkling blue eyes. 
"This is me here." Bryce pointed to a top-of-the-line, black Jeep Grand Cherokee. 
"Wow, that's some car!" 
"Is it okay if I strap her in?" 
Jodi smiled. "Sure, go ahead." 
"Come on, little Smurf, let's get you strapped in." Once Lindsey was settled, Bryce went around and held the door open for her date. 
Bryce joined her in the front seat and watched as Jodi looked around the luxury car, obviously impressed. It was big inside and had a full tan leather interior and every gadget under the sun on the dash. 
"Wow! This is really nice. I've never been in anything like this." 
"Thanks. I don't splurge on many things, but I do like my toys." As Bryce pulled into the street, she said, "I was reading on the net that Central Park Zoo's got four new emperor penguins, polar bears, and a rain forest zone. Sounds cool. I hope you both enjoy it.”  
"I'm sure we'll love it. We don't get many days out like this. So Bryce, um… When's your show on. Now that Lindsey and I know you, we'll have to watch, wont we?" 
"It's on Fridays and Saturdays at 9. It's just a kind of entertainment show. You know, chat, comedy, and then I compete against a celebrity in some challenges." 
"You know something, Bryce, you don't seem that sort of person. You know, the famous, outgoing type." 
"I guess I'm not. When I'm at work, I put on my game face and I suppose a different, well, more confident me comes out., but this is who I am. I'm not into all that showbiz stuff. I just want to do my work and have a quiet life." 
"That's unusual in a celebrity, isn't it?" 
"I guess. I think I disappoint people when they meet me in real life." Jodi saw the look of sadness cross Bryce's face. 
"I can't imagine why. It’s only been a week, but you seem really sweet to me!" 
Bryce blushed again. 
"Bry! We go see penguins?" 
"We sure are, Smurf! And then we'll get lunch somewhere nice, okay?" 
"Logan and me like that." 
"Cool. Won't be long now." 
The trio soon found a place to park, and were making their way over to the zoo. 
"Bry! Up! Lift me?" 
"Sure thing, Smurf, up you come." The little girl was whisked into Bryce's arms. 
Jodi frowned at her daughter. "Lindsey, Bryce can't carry you around everywhere. It's not fair." Lindsey pouted at her mother. 
"Don't worry about it, Jodi. Its fine. I like to carry my new little friend. And besides, isn't it safer up here?" 
Jodi smiled and grasped Bryce's free hand lightly. "You're right. I'm always afraid she'll run off. She's so inquisitive. She sees something and she's off." 
Bryce's heart pounded and her hand seemed to melt from Jodi's touch. "Don't worry, Jodi, you've got an extra pair of eyes and arms to help you." 
The blonde woman smirked at the sweet nickname and Bryce looked worried all of a sudden.  
"You ready to see the penguins, Smurf?" 
"Yeah! Penguins!" 
Bryce marched up to the ticket booth. "Jodi, can you hold onto Lindsey for a minute?" 
"Sure, listen let me..." 
"No. I asked you two out. This day is my treat, okay?" 
She'd been independent for so long that it was hard to accept Bryce's generosity. "Okay. Thank you. Come here, Linds." 
Bryce turned and said, "Two adults and one child, please." 
The zoo employee looked up and her eyes went wide. Bryce pursed her lips nervously. 
"D-Do... do you want the standard tickets or the one’s that include the Dora the Explorer show at the 4D theatre?" 
Bryce turned to Lindsey. "Hey, Smurf, you like Dora?" 
"Yeah! Dora! Swiper! No swiping!" 
Bryce looked at Jodi with a confused look. 
Jodi laughed. "That's a yes, Bryce." 
"Ok. Cool. We'll take everything, thanks." Bryce pulled out her wallet and paid. 
"No problem, Ms. Royal. Hold on to these tickets and they'll get you in to the 4D theatre as well. Uh… Ms. Royal? Um... do you think I could have an autograph?" 
"Sure, you got some paper and a pen?" 
Jodi looked on, finding it amazing that the big goofy woman that she was getting to know was this famous celebrity that everyone was in awe of. She also felt the scrutiny of the ticket seller's gaze. She clearly wondered who this young woman with the famous Bryce Royal was. 
"Have a good day, Ms. Royal." 
"Thanks. Right, Smurf, let's get going. Up you go." Bryce scooped the young girl up and then held out her hand to Jodi. "You ready to see some penguins, Jodi?" 
Jodi smiled and took the big woman's hand. "You bet." 
They made their way around the exhibits, both women sharing an easy, friendly companionship. Jodi smiled as she watched her daughter up on Bryce's shoulders, allowing her to see into the polar bear exhibit better. It was remarkable how well they got along.
The couple laughed and chatted their way around the zoo, each finding out a bit more about the other. Bryce was very attentive, always keeping hold of Lindsey and making sure Jodi was alright at the same time by keeping her hand on the small of Jodi's back, especially when members of the public approached Bryce for autographs. When they asked for pictures, she made sure that they were not included in any pictures. 
"Mama, look at the baby bear!" 
"I see him, sweetie. He's very cute." 
"Do you two want to grab lunch now? We could head over to see the Dora movie after?" 
"Yeah, I’m hungry, Mama," The little girl whined. 
"Sure, I'm quite hungry myself." They found a place just outside the park that would suit Lindsey. Burgers, over stuffed sandwiches, and ice cream. Lindsey dived into her burger and fries, giving the adults a chance to talk. 
Bryce watched as Jodi looked around nervously. They had been the center of attention in the restaurant since they arrived. "I'm sorry about all the attention we've had today. To me, it's just my life, but I promise to keep Lindsey and you away from it as much as I can." 
"You don't need to be sorry, Bryce. It just takes some getting used to." 
"I know, it was weird for me at first, too. I do love the public, though, it's why I love my show so much. They're always much better guests than the stars we have on, so I try to be accessible." 
Jodi nodded in understanding. "Do you have any family, Bryce?" Jodi saw a look of pain on the big woman's face. "It's okay if you don't want to talk about it," she said quickly. 
"No. It's fine, honestly. Yeah, Mom and Dad live in Brooklyn, but we don't see each other. Uh... I had a brother. He got into some difficulties with drinking and drugs, and... he died." 
Jodi immediately reached across the table, taking Bryce's hand. "I'm so sorry! I really shouldn't have asked." 
"No, no, I want to tell you things like that. I’m an open book!" 
Jodi smiled, this time sadly. "Thanks. I really appreciate that." 
"Well, it's hard, you know. He was my baby brother… How about you? You okay, Smurf? You want an ice cream sundae with extra sprinkles?" 
"Yeah! Sprinkles!" 
"What about you, Jodi?" 
"Oh yes, I love extra sprinkles!" Jodi said enthusiastically. 
"Great!" Bryce signaled the waiter. 

Lindsey was asleep in the back seat of the Jeep, cuddling a stuffed penguin that Bryce had bought her as well as her fajit friend. 
Bryce pulled up in front of Jodi's building. They had seen every animal and every exhibit in the zoo, it seemed. Jodi laughed at Bryce's antics of entertaining her little girl. 
"That was a wonderful day, Bryce. Thank you. I can't remember the last time we had so much fun or laughed like that. You spoiled Lindsey too much, though! Buying her the penguin?" 
"I had so much fun, Jodi. I never get to have days out like that. To be honest, I don't really know too many people that I could do things like that with. It's nice to have a friend." 
They quickly became lost in each other’s eyes. "Yeah… it is nice to have a friend." 
Bryce took her hand. "Jodi, I'd like to see you again. Uh... I think you can guess I like you. Really like you." 
Jodi thought for a second. "Bryce. I really like you too, and I would like to explore our friendship more, but I have to be careful. I have Lindsey to think about." 
"You don't think I would hurt..." 
"No I don't think that, but Bryce I'm a single mother who works as a waitress. Why would someone like me be interesting to you? Do you feel sorry for us? Are we some sort of project to you?" 
Bryce looked very serious all of a sudden. "Have I given you that impression?" 
Jodi felt bad she had even suggested it. "No... It's just, I have to be careful. You must understand. I've been let down badly before," Jodi admitted sadly. 
Bryce gripped Jodi's hand a little tighter. "Jodi, when I first laid eyes on you yesterday, I was lost in you. I have never met anyone more beautiful, both inside and out. When I talked to you, I felt a connection. A connection I've never felt with any other woman. I was able to talk to you, just talk without wondering what I would say next. Do you know how rare that is for me? You didn't judge me. Why would I do that to you? Today, walking around the park with you and Lindsey, it all felt so natural. I can't describe it any other way. Do you understand?" 
Jodi nodded in agreement, smiling and feeling reassured at Bryce's explanation. 
"Yes, I understand. I'm sorry. I had to ask. It’s been on my mind all week." 
"I know. I will never be anything, but honest with you. You have my word. So when can I see you two again?"
"I'm working days this week, so it would need to be in the evening and I'd need to bring Lindsey. I couldn't leave her with the sitter all day and night." 
"Don't worry, I love spending time with her, too. What about tomorrow or Tuesday? Is that too soon? Things get kinda crazy during the week, getting ready for the show. I could take you both out to dinner. Um... what else do kids like doing?" 
"Listen, you took us out today, so why don't you come over for dinner tomorrow night. If there's one thing I can do, it's cook. We could watch the movie you brought Linds, and when she goes to bed we can have some time to talk." 
Bryce's face was beaming. Her heart soared at the thought of spending time with her two new favorite girls. "Great! What time?" 
"6 o'clock?" 
"I'll be there. I'll carry little Smurf upstairs for you." 
"Thanks! She's getting too heavy for me these days!" 

Bryce sat at her kitchen table drinking her protein shake and watching the morning news before she left for the gym. Her phone came alive.
"Hey, Kris. What's up?" 
"I'm sorry to bother you Bryce. I know you're heading for the gym." 
"It's okay. I'm not going for another half hour." 
"Good. How did your date go?" 
"It was fantastic! Jodi's a great girl and her daughter is just a little cutie pie. She's asked me to dinner tonight." 
"Wow, Bryce. A second date? That's virtually unheard of." 
"She's a special person. I hope I have lots more dates. In fact, I was going to ask, can you find some things I could take them to that are kid friendly? Lindsey is with a babysitter all day. Jodi can't really leave her at night, too." 
Kris was a little nervous about bringing this up when her friend was so happy, but it was her job. "Sure. I'll do that. Are you being careful? I mean you don't really know this woman too well and... people in your position have to keep their guard up. There could be ulterior motives." 
Bryce understood Kris's worry, but she knew Jodi was genuine. "Kris, she is an honest woman. She doesn't care about all the fame and stuff. I had to convince her of my intentions. She has a daughter to consider. It’s not just me here." 
"I'm sorry. It's my job to worry about you." 
"I know, Kris, and I thank you for it, but I'm fine." 
"Alright. I'm calling because first thing this morning I got a message from a journalist asking for a comment about the rumors that you are in a relationship with a single mother." 
"How did they find out? I've only had one date." 
"Well, you were in a whole park full of people yesterday. I'm sure your old buddy Malik got a tip off or was keeping tabs on you himself. I think you need to talk to Jodi about what to expect. They will find out who she is eventually and she’ll need to deal with the press approaching her, whether you pursue this relationship or not." 
Bryce sighed. "Yes. You're right. I'll talk to her tonight. I hope this isn't all too much for her." 
"So it's a 'No Comment' to any enquiries?" 
"Yeah. Head them off as much as you can. Look, I better get to the gym. The guys will be waiting. See you tomorrow at the studio, Kris." 
"Okay Bryce, have a good day." 
"Thanks. You, too." 
Bryce grabbed her bag and headed to the gym. 
Chapter 2

Bryce walked into the downtown gym. Theo and Zach, two New York police officers, rented the space out every Monday to train. Bryce had met them when she started taking mixed martial arts during acting school. They hit it off, training together ever since. 
"Here she comes! Late as usual." They already had all the equipment set up. 
"Give me a break, guys! Have I ever been late before? I had stuff to do, but I'm ready, so let's get going. I have a date tonight and I can't be late finishing." Bryce slung her bag on a seat to the side of the room, having come dressed and prepared. 
"A date? Shit! That's unheard of, Royal! She has met you, right?" Her two friends laughed. 
"Ha! Ha! Laugh it up! You’ll get yours in the ring!" Both men knew this was not an idle threat. 
Zach walked up and clapped Bryce on the back. "Hey! We're just yanking your chain, buddy. I'm glad you've met someone. I hope we'll get to meet her." 
"Thanks, guys. You'd love her. I hope after tonight she won't be too scared off and will want to see me again." 
"Have more confidence in yourself, Bryce. You're a good person, and any woman would be lucky to have you," Theo said. 
The large hall had a ring over in the corner and various pieces of exercise equipment. Bryce, Theo and Zach were ready to start. They had donned weighted vests in order to challenge their muscles even further. The training was hard and grueling. They hit the machines in a circuit, each round lasting five minutes. The circuit was attacked at a relentless pace, not allowing the participants a moment to rest. It started with a run on the treadmill before moving on to the weight machines. The weight machines were not taken at a normal pace, each was performed with power and pace, and each movement was explosive. 
By the time the circuits were finished, they were drenched in sweat and exhausted, but had to then go to the ring and spar. 
This training gave Bryce the powerful, muscular body she needed for her work and gave her a way to relieve the stress and tension her life brought her. 
"Thanks for the workout, guys. I better run." Bryce grabbed her bag, opting to grab a shower at home. 
"Sure. See you next week!" Theo waved as she headed out the door. 
"Bye, Bryce. Have a great date," Zach added with a smile. 


Jodi was in the kitchen finishing off her dinner preparations. She had rushed home from work, picking up Lindsey and some groceries on the way. 
Remembering that Bryce said she loved home cooking, Jodi decided on meatloaf, mashed potatoes, and veggies. 
"I hope this is okay…” Jodi muttered to herself.
To save time, she brought home an apple pie she made at the diner for dessert. 
Jodi looked over to the couch where her little girl was sitting watching a DVD, cuddled into the fijit and penguin toys Bryce had bought her. She was filled with a wave of love every time she looked at the special little girl. 
"Lindsey? You okay, sweetie?" 
"Yeah, Mama." 
Jodi put the potatoes on the stove to boil and checked on the meat loaf. 
Mm! Looks good! 
"Mama! Mama! Bry! On TV! Look!" Lindsey jumped up and down on the couch excitedly. 
"Linds, Bryce isn't here yet," Jodi said as she stirred the pot. 
"No, Mama! Look!" 
Jodi walked over towards the TV and placed her mitted hands on her hips. There was Bryce, in living color, goofing around with Big Bird on Lindsey's Sesame Street DVD. 
"Wow! This must have been why you knew Bryce, huh?" 
"Will Bry bring Big Bird, Mama?" Lindsey asked sweetly. 
"I don't think she can bring him tonight, sweetie, but we'll ask her all about him when she gets here, okay?" 
Lindsey nodded and Jodi sat with her, transfixed by Bryce on the screen. It was strange; she was the same goofy Bryce, but a lot more confident and slick in front of the camera. At the moment, she was showing Big Bird how to juggle. Mother and daughter sat laughing at their new friend's antics. 
"Bry’s funny!" 
"She sure is!" Also tall. And gorgeous.  
Jodi's lusty thoughts were interrupted by a knock at the door. 
Lindsey rushed to the door before her mom could get there. 
"Slow down, sweetie! Let Mama check who it is first." 
This wasn't the best part of town or the best building, so she always put the chain on and checked before opening the door. She peeped through the small gap and saw the dark hair and piercing blue eyes that made her stomach flip. 
Jodi opened the door with a smile. "Hi. Come on in." 
"Bry! Bry!" Lindsey jumped up and down pulling on the tall woman's legs. 
"Hey, little Smurf!" 
"Sweetie, let Bryce get in, okay?" 
Bryce walked over to the kitchen table and put down her bags, delighted at her warm welcome. 
"Alright, Smurf, up you come!" She said scooping the girl up in the air. 
Lindsey giggled as she was tickled mercilessly. Then, as Lindsey gave Bryce a hug, she turned to Jodi and asked, "How was your day?" 
"Okay. Work was quiet, but I was glad I had tonight to look forward to." The two adults shared a warm smile. 
"Yeah. Me, too," she said, putting Lindsey down and reaching into her bags. 
"How was your training?" 
"Oh, you know, tough. My training buddies put me through it. I didn't know what I should bring so I bought two different kinds of ice cream, toppings, and movie popcorn. You can't watch a movie without popcorn. I thought my little Smurf friend would like that, and I brought some white wine. Is that okay?" 
"Yeah, that's great! We’re having meatloaf. I hope you like it. You said that you never get home cooked meals." 
"Oh, that would be amazing; I can't tell you when I had that last." The big woman was beaming. Jodi found her to be so open and genuine, not how she imagined a TV star. 
"Sweetie, why don't you go and finish watching your DVD and Bryce will come and sit with you in a minute, okay?" 
"Otway Mama." The little girl trotted off. 
The two women looked at each other for a moment then Bryce bent over and kissed Jodi on the cheek. "Hi. I didn't get a chance to say that." 
"Yeah, I know. Lindsey kind of takes over when you're around." 
"Don't worry. I think she's adorable." 
"I'll warn you, she thinks you're best buddies with Big Bird and thought you'd be able to bring him," Jodi said smiling. 
Bryce laughed and said, "Well, I'll try my best to get out of that one." 
Dinner was a great success. The two adults and Lindsey sat at the kitchen table talking about their day and a million other subjects. Bryce was constantly surprised at how easy conversation with the small blonde was. 
Jodi had spent her time laughing at Bryce's attempts to entertain Lindsey. She was so good with her, telling jokes and making funny faces. At the moment, the pair were piling toppings on their bowls of ice cream. 
"Lindsey, not too much candy on there." 
"Oh, come on, Jodi! You can't have ice cream without sauce, sprinkles and M&M's. It's the law." 
"Yeah, Mama. The law!" Lindsey said seriously. 
Bryce gave Jodi a toothy grin. "See. I told you." 
Jodi shook her head. "I see I'm outvoted. Well, I'll tell you what. You can put her to bed then, because she'll be as high as a kite with all that sugar." 
"Sure. No problem. You'll go to sleep, won't you, little Smurf?" Bryce ruffled Lindsey's hair. 
"After a story?" 
"Of course, everyone needs a story before bed." 
Jodi's heart warmed at the growing bond between her and her daughter. 
"You're really good with her you know. Have you been around kids before?" 
"Never. I guess it just comes naturally with you guys," Bryce said shyly, then lifted her eyes to meet Jodi's. 
The two women seemed happy to simply gaze into each other's eyes. 
Jodi broke her gaze and shook her head. "We better get you cleaned up, Linds, and then we'll watch your DVD." 
"I'll get the dishes, Jodi, while you get Lindsey sorted." The tall woman stood, starting to gather the dishes. 
"Thanks." 
The two women worked easily together, getting all the chores finished, and took their seats on the couch for the movie. Lindsey insisted on sitting on Bryce's lap, so that left the two adults sitting close, side by side. 
The three laughed their way through the film, Lindsey munching away on the popcorn. 
"Linds, I think that's enough, sweetie. It'll be bedtime right after the video." 
"Okay, Mama." Lindsey yawned and laid back sleepily against the big woman's chest. 
"It's been an exciting night for her. Thank you for spending time with us." 
Bryce had been itching to touch Jodi since the film started and took this opportunity. She reached and held the blondes hand. "It's been my pleasure. I don't know when I've had so much fun." 
"Come on! You must go to showbiz parties, premieres, things like that. I don't think dinner and a kid movie is fun compared to that." 
"I go to as little as possible. I hate all that false fawning and showbiz crap. Celebrities pretending you're friends when they don't even know you. I have to go to some things for PR and stuff. Kris only signs me up for as little as she can get away with. I hate being in the spotlight when I'm not on my show. I've told you what I'm like. I trip over my words and don't know what to say. I'd rather be doing something fun with Lindsey and you any day of the week." 
Jodi smiled. "You're really sweet, you know that?" Jodi noticed her new friend blush. 
"Sweet? Me? Never." 
Bryce squeezed Jodi's hand, enjoying the warm connection between them. 
Sometime later Jodi looked down to see her daughter sleeping in Bryce's arms. 
"I better get this little Smurf to bed." 
"I'll carry her in for you, if you want?" 
"That would be great. She's so heavy now." 
Bryce stood up with the girl in her arms and made her way to her room. She laid her down on the bed for Jodi. 
"I guess I'll need to read that story another night?" she said hopefully, suggesting further evenings together. 
Jodi smiled happily, knowing exactly what Bryce was asking. "Yes, we'd like that very much." 
Bryce beamed. "Great. Um... I'll wait in there for you then." 
"Thanks, I won't be long." 
Bryce refilled their glasses with wine and sat back, checking her email and then logging onto twitter. She smiled to herself and typed out ‘Loving Mr. Popper's Penguins. Movie night and popcorn with new friends. Nothing better!’ 
"Hi. She's all tucked in," said Jodi, taking up her place on the couch. 
"Sorry, I was just checking my email." Bryce tried to put her phone away quickly. 
"Is that an iPhone?" 
"Yeah, want to look at it?" 
"Yes, I've never seen one up close." Bryce handed it over and began to show her a few different apps. "I'm kind of a geek when it comes to stuff like this. It's the one thing I splurge on.” 
"Show me Twitter. I always think it sounds strange wanting to let people know what you're having for dinner or where you're going." 
"Well, I find it a good way to stay in touch. Look, I tweeted this while you were putting Linds to bed." 
Jodi read it and gazed lovingly at Bryce. "That is so sweet. I'm glad you enjoyed it. So how many followers do you have?" 
Bryce looked a little embarrassed and mumbled, "Um... about two and half million." 
Jodi choked on her wine and struggled for breath. 
"Hey, it's not that bad, is it?" 
"No. Sorry. I just had no idea you were that famous." 
"Oh that's nothing. Ellen has over 7 million! I'm a long way behind that." 
"Well, Ellen is the queen of chat," Jodi said with a smirk. 
"She is that. Do you have an Android, or-?" 
"No, they're too expensive to keep up." 
"They're good for safety though, like for when you're leaving the diner at night." 
"I have a million things I need to get for Linds. That's just not a priority for me. I like my cheap prepaid." 
Bryce sensed that money was a touchy subject with the young woman, so she decided to drop it. 
"Thanks for help with Lindsey. It was so much easier with two." 
Bryce turned in her seat, putting her arm along the back of the couch to get closer to Jodi and took her hand again. 
"Have you always been on your own with her?" 
Jodi looked unsure, but as she examined Bryce's open face she knew she could trust her. "I've always been on my own, but it wasn't supposed to be that way." 
"You don't have to tell me if you don't want to." Bryce stroked Jodi's hand with her thumb. 
"I do. If we're going to go forward, you need to know because what happened makes it really hard for me to trust. That is, if you want to keep seeing each other." 
Bryce lifted her free hand and stroked the side of Jodi's face. "Of course I do. Haven't I shown you that? I've never met anyone like you before. I felt connected the second I lifted my head in that diner and saw your beautiful green eyes." 
Jodi felt her cheeks go red, not used to receiving compliments. 
"Thank you. I'll try my best to explain. Um... I was in my last year of college studying English Literature. I'd been with Danielle for just over a year and we'd been living together for about six months. She was a little older than me and worked as a restaurant manager. I thought I was so in love, but I realize now that I was afraid of being alone. I didn't have anyone else. My mom and dad kicked me out when I told them I was gay." 
Bryce took Jodi's hand. "I'm sorry." 
Jodi took a breath as the pain of the past came flooding back. 
"Mom is a devout Catholic, she just couldn't accept it. So, when I met Danielle I thought I had someone to care for and rely on. She worked long hours and late nights, but they got later and later. Sometimes she wouldn't come home until the next day. She would say there was some problem at the restaurant and that she'd slept in her office. I believed this at first, but it happened more and more and she became so distant. Her dad had a cabin up in the Catskills. She'd go hunting with him a few times a year, but all of a sudden she was spending nearly every weekend up there, saying she was helping him with renovations. I knew deep down that wasn't true; I knew she was cheating. One day, I was doing the laundry and found her cell phone in her jeans. I know I shouldn't have, but I was going crazy not knowing." 
Bryce's heart was breaking as she watched the tears fall down Jodi's face as she recounted her story. She also felt something else, something new, an anger that was boiling up in her stomach making her want to hunt down this Danielle and kick her ass. 
"Take your time, Jodi." Bryce stroked Jodi's cheek. 
"I... I found messages and pictures from all sorts of women on it. My chest felt like it was going to explode and I panicked. The one person I had in the world had broken my heart. I confronted her when she came in, she broke down and admitted to cheating with more than one woman. Who knows how many there were. She blamed her long hours and my studying, said by the time she got home I would be fast asleep and that I had no time for her. I told her to leave and she did, but she came back two days later begging me to take her back. Danielle was a manipulative person and knew that my biggest wish was to settle down and have kids. 
“She told me if I would take her back and have a baby with her, she would support me. She said I could go back and finish my degree when the baby was older. I was a fool, I know, but my heart had been broken in pieces and I felt like nothing would be better than to have something to call my own, and a baby wouldn't hurt or leave me, so I agreed. 
“I should have known what was coming when she had no interest in picking the donor or going for doctor's appointments. Danielle had blonde hair like me, and I don't know why, but I wanted a dark haired donor. I think deep down I knew Danielle wouldn't be with me long term and I didn't want my baby to remind me of her. 
“I chose the donor and got inseminated all by myself. I got pregnant the first time. I was lucky. When I told Danielle, she said she was happy, but I didn't think so. Even though she was on her best behavior, coming home on time every night and not going out, I could tell she was getting frustrated, angry, and resentful." 
"Did she hurt you?" Bryce growled. 
Jodi looked down, feeling ashamed. "She had a bad temper. I walked on eggshells around her, never knowing when she would blow up. The first time she ever hit me, she promised she would get help, talk to someone about her anger problems, but she never did. 
“We argued more and more, especially when I started to show. I think she felt trapped. One night, she came home from work late and drunk, we had a huge argument. She grabbed me by the arms and threw me on our bed. I was terrified. Danielle had hit me before and she'd been really rough and forceful with sex, but not since I got pregnant. I was so scared she was going to hurt my baby. I tried to get away, but she was too strong." Jodi took a deep breath. She was determined to make Bryce understand. 
"Before she managed to... you know, she passed out on top of me. She was all apologies the next morning, but when she saw the bruises on my arms and breasts she got scared. I don't think she ever thought things could get that bad. She just ran out of the apartment. I don't know if she came back. I packed a bag and got out of there as quick as I could. I managed to get this place, and we've been here ever since." 
Bryce she clenched and unclenched her fists. “I hope I get a chance to meet her someday.”
“I don’t,” Jodi breathed a laugh, looking away.
Bryce took Jodi's hand between her two larger ones. 
"I can't imagine ever doing that to you or leaving you with little Smurf in there." 
"I was so angry and heartbroken. Angry with the financial situation she left me in, really, things were meant to be more comfortable for Lindsey, and they haven't been because I'm on my own., but looking back I can see we weren't meant to be. 
“She wasn't ready for the commitment, and I was deluded and naive to think that a baby could fix things. I was selfish to grab at the opportunity to have the one thing I always wanted. A family. It ended up that it was just Lindsey and me in the family, but even though it's been hard bringing her up alone, it's been worth every second. She's my life." 
"She's a great girl." 
"Danielle had a lot of problems, and I count myself lucky that I can never really understand how someone can leave their pregnant partner or raise their hands against the woman they claim to love. And, of course, it was a different time, there was no same sex marriage in New York then, so I had no protection financially. 
“We did have a commitment ceremony. A friend who was a minister officiated for us. Danielle was drunk the whole day, treated it like a party. 
“Since then, people have asked me out, but I never said yes until I met you. Like you said, I felt connected somehow., but I need you to understand after what I've told you, that it's taken a lot to accept your friendship and allow you into my life and Lindsey's. If I'm going to continue to get to know you, I think you have to understand why I'm so big on trust, loyalty, and fidelity. I've never told anyone this before. I never had many friends, they were mostly Danielle's friends and they melted away after we split up." 
Bryce lifted Jodi's hand to her lips and kissed it tenderly. 
"Jodi, I'm so sorry you had to go through that. Thank you for… telling me everything. I really want to see where this could take us, if you'll let me." 
"I'd like that." Jodi smiled and her stomach flipped as she watched Bryce edge closer, her lips parting slightly. As she looked into Jodi's eyes, she sensed no rejection and closed the distance between them, their lips finally coming together softly. Feeling no resistance Bryce deepened the kiss, bringing her hands up to tenderly cup Jodi's face and slipping her tongue into Jodi's welcoming mouth. When their tongues met, Jodi moaned into Bryce's mouth. Not wanting to push the blonde too far, Bryce pulled back and rested her head against Jodi's. 
"Wow. That was..." 
"Amazing!" replied Jodi, breathlessly. 
"Yeah. Amazing. I've never had a kiss like that before." 
"Me either." 
Reluctantly, Bryce pulled back knowing that she had to let Jodi know what she was in for. 
"Jodi, there's one thing I need to talk to you about before we get any deeper into this. I know it's pretty early in our relationship, but because of who I am, I need to talk about it." 
Jodi looked puzzled. "Okay, you can say anything to me, you know that. Why don't I make us some coffee and we can talk some more?” 
Jodi returned to the couch with two cups of coffee. 
"Okay. Go ahead." 
"Well, the press kind of follow what I do. I seem to be a fascination because I've never had a long-term relationship and I'm not famous for being a player or anything, so they're always trying to get some dirt on me. The only dates I go on now are just companions Kris sets me up with for events. The network totally accepts me being out and everything, but I don't give the magazines and newspapers anything to talk about going to events by myself, so I went with actresses or models who wanted a bit of publicity on my arm. You might hear stories about me, sometimes my date would feed a journalist some story about how there was more going on between us than there actually was to boost their profile, but there never was. I just felt so awkward around women, until you." 
Jodi blushed. "So I guess you don't trust very easy either." 
"I guess not, but I'm worried about you. People will find out about us eventually and I just wanted to warn you. Newspapers will try and get stories from you. They'll offer you money. I just want you to know what you're getting into. I'll protect you and Lindsey as much as I can, even if you don't want to take the relationship any further. I give you my promise that I will never leave you high and dry, no matter what happens between us, but I hope we'll always remain friends." 
Bryce readied herself for rejection. 
Jodi felt a little stunned. "I had no idea. You have to live like this with no one to share it with?" 
"You're willing to keep seeing me?" The big woman sounded surprised. 
"It sounds like you've been lonely, Bryce. Just like me. I hope Lindsey and I can have fun with you and get to know you much better." 
Bryce wrapped the petite woman in a big hug. "Thank you for giving me a chance. I like you so much, Jodi. What we have so far is unheard of for me and I can't wait for more time with you, too." 
Jodi relaxed in Bryce's muscular arms. It felt safe there. 
"Are you working Saturday night?" Bryce asked hopefully. 
"No, just during the day." 
"Great. Would you and Linds like to come and watch the show on Saturday night? I know it's a little late for Lindsey, but if it gets too much, you could take her back to my dressing room to sleep on the couch." 
Jodi beamed. "Yes, we'd love to. I'll need to watch you on TV Friday night. I'll feel like I'm still seeing you then." 
"Well, how about this, after the Saturday show, why don't you two come back to my place to stay? In the spare room, of course, I have plenty of room for you both. That way we can go out on our Sunday off together." 
"Lindsey would love that. She's never had a sleepover before! I would love it, too." 
"Great! No one's stayed with me, either. I'll send a studio car for you on Saturday so pack a bag for yourself and the Smurf." Jodi nodded and smiled while Bryce noticed the time. 
"Woah! It's one in the morning. I better head home. I've got rehearsals tomorrow." 
Jodi got up and got her jacket, suddenly remembering the wine. "You didn't drive, did you?" 
"Oh no, I'm going to grab a cab. I'll give you a call tomorrow. When are you working?" 
"Another late shift. Five till one." 
"Okay, I'll call in the afternoon, alright?" 
"Can't wait." 
They shared a few more heated kisses before Bryce headed down to grab a cab with a spring in her step. 
Jodi stood behind the door, her skin hot and her lips tingling from Bryce's kisses. 


The next morning Bryce pulled her Jeep into the studio parking lot at 8 am. She was dressed casually in her favorite combat cargo shorts and grey hooded sweatshirt. Bryce was naturally warm blooded and even in cool September she hated to wear too many clothes, especially in the hot studio. 
She met Kris as they entered the building and they made their way to Bryce's office. 
"Morning, Kris, how was your weekend?" 
"Just fine. How was last night?" 
"Amazing! And yes I did talk to her about the press and she didn't run a mile, thankfully." 
Bryce put her laptop bag down on the desk and took a seat. 
"And you really trust this girl, Bryce?" 
Bryce sighed. "Yes, I really do. She's the only woman I've been able to be myself with. She's beautiful, kind, and the most loving woman with her daughter." 
Kris waved her hands in surrender. "Okay! Okay! I won't say another word, but you know it's not only my job to worry. I care about you." 
"I know and I appreciate it. So, what's the time table?" 
"You meet with your writers at nine to finalize the scripts. Brittany Gibson comes in at 11, then after instruction with the archery instructor, you break for lunch. The rest of the afternoon you have for rehearsals." 
"That's fine. Could you get my protein shake and a cream cheese bagel?" 
"Sure thing. You want coffee?" 
"Yeah. Um... before I forget, I need you to organize a few things for me. Jodi and her daughter are coming to watch the show on Saturday. I want a car to pick them up and I need full backstage passes. I would appreciate it if you would look after them and make sure they have everything they need. They can come and go as they please and have full access to my dressing room. Jodi might need to put Lindsey down to sleep on the couch." 
"Sure, I'll take care of them personally. Anything else?" 
"Oh, can you get me a stuffed Big Bird? Lindsey thinks I know him because I was in that Sesame Street episode." 
Kris laughed. "Okay, what about some pillows and blankets in case she needs to sleep?" 
"Yeah, good idea. And can you make sure there's food and drinks in my dressing room. Some kid food and candy. You know." 
"Sure. If you think of anything else, let me know. I'll just go get your breakfast." 
"Thanks, Kris. You're a treasure." 
"Oh, I know, Bryce Royal!" 


Bryce and Kris were walking back from the writer's room, en route to her office to meet the actress Brittany Gibson. 
They walked in and Bryce went straight over to introduce herself. 
"Hey, pleased to meet you. It's great to have you with us." 
Brittany Gibson stood up to her full height of 5-foot-8 and took Bryce's hand softly. 
Bryce had long since dispensed her hooded sweater and was now dressed only in her sleeveless black t-shirt. She felt devoured as the blonde actress ran her eyes hungrily up and down her tall, solid body. 
"I'm delighted to meet you at last! I've admired your work for a long time," she smoldered. 
Bryce nervously pulled her hand away from Brittany. 
"That's very kind. Would you like to take a seat so we can go over the ideas we've come up with? Kris, could you send in the lunch trays for us?" 
"Sure. Would you like coffee, Miss Gibson?" 
"Yes. Nonfat latte," she said dismissively. 
"Um... Kris, could you take this note to the director?" When she said that, Kris knew what she wanted. 
She took a look at the small hastily written note, which read: Can you organize something urgent for an hour? I want out so I can call Jodi. This woman is scary! 
Kris smiled and looked at Bryce. "No problem. I'll let him know." 
"So we thought we'd go for a Robin Hood sketch since our task is archery this week. We'll run through it this afternoon, but it's basically you in the role of Maid Marion and I'll be Robin Hood's sister, who actually does all the fighting and stuff, but her brother robin gets all the credit. I'll play it in a big dress, because me in a dress always gets big laughs. I'm like a guy in drag.
“Robin's played by Sammy, one of our actors. He'll play him all effeminate and stuff. It'll be fun." 
"Sounds great." Brittany moved closer and stroked Bryce's arm. "So, tell me, does Robin's sister get the girl?" 
Bryce jumped up, pretending she needed to refill her coffee cup. 
"Um... no. There'll be a little suggestive banter, but it'll only go so far. The network is pretty good about me being out and stuff, but I don't think they're ready for a full blown kiss with me and TV's new up and coming actress, and I'm sure your agent wouldn't like it." 
"Oh, I don't know. I think it would enhance my reputation. You are TV's most eligible star." 
I'm sure your rep is all you're thinking about here.
"Who knows? Now can I take you through the chat we'll have about your new show?" said Bryce, taking a seat on the opposite side of the table. 
"Do I make you nervous, Bryce?" 
"Uh... no. I'm just anxious to get through this work. This show takes a lot of prep." Bryce kept her eyes on the script in her hand. 
"I'm sure, and don't worry I'm very willing," Brittany said in a sultry voice. 
"I'm sure you are," Bryce said under her breath. 
"I haven't seen you out in any of the bars and clubs in the Village." 
"They aren't really my scene. Honestly, Brittany, I'm not as exciting as I appear." 
Brittany stood and slinked over to where Bryce was sitting. She reached up and squeezed a big muscled shoulder. 
"You could be as dull as dishwater, Bryce, but this body of yours could keep me entertained for hours." 
The big woman was sweating now. How could she get out of this without being insulting? There was a knock at the door and in walked Kris to see that Brittany had backed Bryce up against a chair and was stroking Bryce's arm. 
"Yes! What can I do for you, Kris?" Bryce shot over to Kris, putting some distance between herself and her amorous guest. 
"The director asked if he could have a word and if you're finished with Miss Gibson, wardrobe would like to see her." 
"Sure! Kris will take you to wardrobe, Brittany. I'll meet you at one in the rehearsal room. Okay?" 
"Alright. Look forward to it." 
Once her office door was closed, she fell into her leather chair breathing a sigh of relief. 


Jodi was cleaning up the kitchen while Lindsey ate her lunch at the table. 
"Eat up, sweetie. We need to drop you at Mrs. Ambrose's in an hour." 
The phone rang and Jodi answered, "Hello?" 
"Hey, Jodi, how are you and the little Smurf?" 
Jodi's faced beamed when she realized who it was. 
"Hi, Bryce! We're good. Lindsey's just having her lunch. How's your day going?" 
"Oh, okay. Uh..." The big woman left a silence before finishing. 
"I wish I was having lunch with you two. I... miss you guys." 
"We miss you too, Bryce. I was telling Lindsey about coming to the show on Saturday and she's really excited." 
"That's great. I can't wait. Listen, I was thinking, would you mind if I picked you up from work tonight and dropped you off at home? I really worry about you getting home at one in the morning." 
"I can't ask you to do that, Bryce. You work a long day and you're really busy. You don't need to be picking me up after midnight and I have been doing this for a long time." 
"I understand that, but you didn't have a friend to care then, now you do. If I don't pick you up, I'll just be pacing the floor, phoning until you get in. Let me care, Jodi." 
Jodi thought for a second. "Alright. If it'll make you feel better." 
"Thanks. Now I can get through the day knowing I can see you tonight, even if it's just for a bit." Jodi could almost feel Bryce's smile through the phone. 
"I'm looking forward to it, too. So what are you doing this afternoon?" 
"Um... rehearsals with Brittany Gibson. We need to go over a couple of sketches and get an archery lesson." 
"Brittany Gibson?" Jodi left the name hanging in the air. 
"Brittany Gibson, the blonde bombshell from that comedy show?" 
Bryce could feel the tension in Jodi's voice. "...yeah." 
Bryce spends every day with glamorous and beautiful people. How was she supposed to compete? 
"She's very pretty, isn't she?" 
Bryce sensed Jodi's insecurity across the phone. 
"I suppose, but I prefer my blondes short in stature and natural. I doubt Miss Gibson has much that is natural about her body." 
"Ha! Ha! Very smooth, Royal! And I thought you told me you get tongue tied around women?" 
"Around other women, yeah. Around you, never. I've never met anyone I'm more comfortable with." 
"I'm glad. Well, you better get back and make some good television. I'll see you tonight." 
"See you later, Jodi. Stay safe, okay?" 
"I will. Bye." Jodi hung up the phone and sighed. "Lindsey, I think I'm falling for your big buddy." 
The little girl looked puzzled. "Mama?" 
"Come on, Linds, let's get you ready for your day," she said tickling her daughter. 


Luckily for Bryce, once they got down to business, Brittany behaved herself and focused on the work, so the afternoon went by quite uneventfully. They both got an understanding of the archery challenge and a feel for the sketch. 
Bryce was home, killing time before picking up Jodi. She was restless and spent her time jumping from one thing to another in her game room. 
Bryce's game room was her pride and joy. The room was large and decorated very neutrally like the rest of the condo. One wall featured her large 65-inch TV and home theater. Facing the TV along the back wall was a big brown leather couch, and down at the far end of the room was a full pool table. Music in the room and throughout the house was provided through Bluetooth speakers situated on the walls, allowing Bryce to play music straight from her iPhone or iPad. 
I should get some kid games. I bet Smurf would love a Wii.
Bryce tossed her controller on the couch and slid her iPhone to life for what seemed like the hundredth time that night. She looked at the clock one last time. "Midnight. Hmm... fuck it! I'm going. I'll just sit and wait for her." 
Bryce grabbed her jacket and locked up, taking the elevator down to the parking lot. 


Bryce parked the jeep and made her way through the door of the diner. She saw two men were left in the diner, each nursing cups of coffee. Jodi hadn't seen her yet. She had her back to Bryce, scrubbing the hot plate behind the counter. 
Bryce sat on a stool and in her huskiest, sexiest voice said. 
"Hey, baby, you looking for a ride?" 
Jodi turned quickly. "Bryce! You're such a goof!" 
Bryce decided to keep up her cool act. Hoping the play would bring them closer. "So, you don't want a ride, sweet thing?" 
Jodi smiled enjoying the game. In a coquettish voice she said, "Hmm, maybe. How far are you willing to go?"
Bryce's mouth hung open and her heart began to thud. "I give in. I'd do anything when you bat those green eyes at me." 
"Well, Bryce, honey, don't mess with the master of flirting." 
"You didn't tell me you were so proficient." 
Jodi smirked. "I haven't had much use for it for a long time. You should have seen me in college." 
"A little heartbreaker, I'm sure." Bryce smiled. 
"I don't know about that. Thanks for coming. It's really brightened up my shift." 
"It's my pleasure. Any excuse to spend time with you. Where's little Smurf? Does your sitter keep her?" 
"She brings her home at 7, puts her to bed, and waits till I get in. I don't know what I'd do without her. It's hard to find people to trust. Give me a minute. I'll just try and hustle these guys out the door and we can lock up and get going." 
"Great." 
Bryce watched Jodi as she went to the back of the diner to try and hurry up the stragglers. Who would have thought hanging out in a dinner would make her so happy? 
Bryce's thoughts were interrupted by raised voices. She turned around to see Jodi trying to pull her hand away from one of the guys in the back. The other guy had gone and Jodi was left with this slightly drunk guy pawing her. 
"Just let me go and get out. We're closed!" Jodi was struggling to get her hand back. 
"You'll get me more coffee and close when I want you to close, girl!" 
Just then the man let out a squeal as Bryce's big hand circled his wrist and squeezed. 
"Let go of me, you bitch! That hurts!" 
"You let go of the lady and I'll let go of you, okay, shit head?" Bryce said coldly. 
The man released his hold and as Jodi rubbed her wrist. Bryce pulled the man to his feet and pushed him against the wall. She held him there face first, his arm pushed up behind his back. 
"Apologize to the lady!" 
“Fuck you!” 
Bryce pushed his arm a little further. 
"I can break your arm with one more push. Now apologize to the lady and tell her you'll never come back to this diner again!" 
“Fuck! I’m sorry, and I’ll never come here again. Son of a…” 
"Good boy! Now get the fuck out of here!" 
Bryce hustled him to the door and threw him out. She panted heavily, the anger rolling off of her. 
Bryce felt a tentative touch at her shoulder. "Bryce..." 
She was suddenly engulfed in Bryce's big strong arms. 
"Are you okay, baby?" 
Baby. Danielle never called me anything like that. 
"I'm fine, Bryce. He just scared me a little. It doesn't hurt now." 
The big woman pulled away from the hug, cupping the blondes face in her hands and kissed her softly and gently on the lips. Pulling back, Bryce asked, "You sure?" 
"Yes, I'm fine. I'm so glad you were here." 
"I'm sorry if I seemed really aggressive, something just snapped when I saw him touch you." Knowing Jodi's history of domestic violence from Danielle, she didn't want the young woman to be scared of her. 
"Don't worry. You were wonderful. I've never felt protected like that before." 
"I will protect you, for as long as you let me." Bryce stroked her cheek. 
"Why don't we get this place cleaned up and get you home to the Smurf?" 
"That would be great. I'll just be a minute." 
They locked up quickly, jumped in Bryce's Jeep and quickly made their way home. 
She parked right outside Jodi's building. 
"I'll walk you up, okay? No arguments," said Bryce. 
"Thank you. I love this car." 
"You do? I didn't think you'd be interested in cars." 
"I'm not. It just makes me feel safe. Big, comfortable, and it has you in it." 
Bryce flashed a smile, but inside her heart melted. She knew that this little woman had the power to bring her to her knees. Bryce leaned forward and kissed Jodi thoroughly, leaving her breathless. 
"Let's get you inside." 
Bryce jumped out and came around to open Jodi's door and help her down from the big car. 
When they got into the apartment and let Mrs. Ambrose go, Jodi asked, "Would you like some coffee?" 
"Yeah, maybe one cup. I have to get up early, but I could stay for one." 
"Great. I'll be back in a sec." 
Bryce took a seat on the couch and Jodi was back in no time with the cups. 
"Jodi? I was thinking... Does that happen a lot? You know, your late nights? Do guys get aggressive like that often?" 
"They say things, but mostly they're all talk. That was the first time anyone's ever grabbed me. A couple have touched my, butt, slapped it sometimes, but never grabbed." 
Bryce took hold of her hand. "I don't like it. Are you late the rest of the week?" 
"Just till Thursday, then I'm back to days." 
"I'll come and get you every night and please don't argue because I'll just come anyway." 
"I'm not going to argue. It's nice to have someone who cares." 
"I do care, Jodi. I hope you know that, and I'm caring more with each passing second." 
"Me too, Bryce. You are amazing. Gorgeous, funny, strong, brave, protective. Everything I've ever wanted in a... a..." Jodi didn't know what to say. 
It was too soon, wasn’t it…?
"Everything you've ever wanted in a girlfriend or partner?" Bryce finished for her. 
"Yes." 
"I'm glad I fit the bill, ma'am!" Bryce pretended to tip her hat to Jodi. 
"You make me laugh, you goof." 
Bryce sighed, knowing she had to leave, but not wanting to. "Well I better get going. I'll see you tomorrow night? I'll phone you in the afternoon again, okay?" 
"Okay. Thanks for tonight." 
"No problem." 
They shared a few more heated kisses at the door and Bryce left, bouncing all the way down to her car. 


The next two nights went quietly, with Bryce picking Jodi up from the diner. They spent the time getting to know each other and they were becoming more and more attached as the days went by. The big woman spent her days differently now. Last week, all Bryce Royal had to take up her life was work. This week, she worked equally hard, but spent her days looking forward to the evenings. Today was Friday and show day, so she wouldn't see the young woman who she was beginning to care for deeply. 
Brittany Gibson had continued to flirt shamelessly with Bryce. For her part, Bryce politely kept her distance and tried not to be left alone with her. 
Yesterday, they spent the day practicing archery at a sports center. Brittany had played the helpless female to a tee, Bryce remembered. 
"I just can't get this! I'm not strong enough to pull it back," Brittany moaned. 
The archery instructor stepped in saying, "Let me help you." 
"Don't touch me!" she hissed quietly so as not to be overheard. 
The man stood back unsure how to handle the difficult actress. 
"Bryce! Can you help me?" she asked pathetically. 
As with most sports, Bryce picked it up pretty quickly and had just finished a shot that landed in the bullseye for the fifth time in a row. 
Bryce turned, looked at Brittany, then looked back at Kris who simply shrugged. The big woman just rolled her eyes, knowing exactly what was going on. 
Bryce had no option, but to stand behind Brittany, pushing her body into her back, to help the blonde actress with her stance. 
"Now just pull back, and let go... ow! Um... try it yourself this time." As Bryce prepared to let go of the string, Brittany pushed her hips into Bryce and ground her backside into her most sensitive area. 
Bryce hurried back to stand with Kris. 
"I think Miss Gibson wants to play Portia to your Ellen," Kris laughed. 
"Yeah, well she'll be waiting a while. I'm no Ellen and I'm spoken for, I hope." 
"Is it getting that serious, Bryce?" 
"Don't worry Kris, I know what you're thinking. It's too soon, but I've been waiting to feel like this my whole life and now that I've found it I'm going to grab on as hard as I can." 
"As long as you're sure." 
"I am. Will you watch out for her and Lindsey tomorrow? I don't want Miss Thing over there saying anything inappropriate." 
"I will. Now get over there and practice some more!" 

That had been yesterday. Today the studio was so busy and apart from some rehearsals, Bryce had managed to keep out of her way. 
Bryce was about to eat in her office before getting dressed and going in to makeup. 
Kris had just delivered Bryce's favorite overstuffed sandwich and she was about to call Jodi. 
It rang twice before she heard Jodi's voice. 
"Hello?" 
"Hey Jodi." 
"Hi Bryce. How's the show going? You all ready?" 
"Yeah, were good to go. I just thought I would while I got some dinner." 
"What are you having? Or should I even ask?" 
"Um... roast beef and pastrami sandwich with a salad, coleslaw, and fries." 
"You really should eat better, Bryce. You use up so much energy. You need some veggies and healthy stuff too." 
"I know. I miss you, Jodi. I miss you both." 
"We miss you, too. Oh, wait a minute. Your biggest fan wants a word." 
Bryce smiled at the thought of the cute little girl. 
"Bry? That you?" 
"Hey, little Smurf. How you doing?" 
"Good. We’re coming to see you!" 
"Not tonight, Linds. You're coming tomorrow to visit with me and we're going to have so much fun. Tonight you can watch me be silly on the TV, so that's the next best thing." 
"I miss you…" 
"I know, Smurf. I miss you, too, but I want you watch the TV very carefully tonight. I'm going to blow a kiss to you and your Mom." 
"You will?" 
"Yeah. You watch really close, okay?" 
"Okay, Bry. I love you." 
"I love you too, Linds.” Bryce shook her head at the thought of already saying that. “You look after your Mama. Good night." 
"Night, night!" Bryce heard the phone being passed over. 
"I'm back. She can't wait to see you. She didn't like the fact that I was seeing you at night." 
"Well, we're going to have a great weekend together. You watch out for me, too, Jodi. I'll blow you a kiss, okay?" 
"I will. I do miss you, but at least I can still see you." 
"Yeah. I'll be thinking of you all night. I... I better go. Listen. I...” Too soon. “I’ll see you later.”
"Night, Bryce." 


"Mama! Is it Bryce time yet?" 
Jodi looked over at her daughter from the kitchen and smiled. The little girl had been asking if it was time for Bryce's show every five minutes for the past hour. 
"Just a few more minutes, Linds. Let's put the TV on now." 
Lindsey jumped up and pressed the, button on the old fashioned TV. Jodi joined her daughter on the couch, bringing her some milk and a cookie. 
"Here you go, Linds. I thought you could have your milk and cookies while we watch." 
"Yeah! Thanks, Mama." 
The two were cuddled when the titles of the show started to run, showing video of Bryce taking part in various stunts.  
"Tonight on The Bryce Royal show, actress Brittany Gibson joins us for a chat and to take part in Bryce's Dare, and a lucky viewer will win $100,000 in Bryce's special challenge! Please welcome your host… Bryce Royal!” 
The audience cheered and whooped as the camera panned around the huge arena sized studio. The lights pointed towards the back of the stage and a huge black backdrop lifted to reveal Bryce standing side on, arms crossed, looking right down the camera. She flashed a toothy grin and winked, as she did every show. She was the personification of cool. The crowd went wild again as she took a short run and threw herself into a forward flip and ended up perfectly back on her feet. 
"Bry! Bry, Mama!" 
"Oh my God, that's our Bryce?" Jodi was shocked at the outgoing confident woman on the screen who was nothing like the shy sensitive goof she knew. 
"Hi, Bry!" 
Jodi laughed. "I don't think she can see through the TV, sweetie." 
Jodi watched Bryce telling the audience who and what would be on the show this week. 
Jodi's stomach clenched at the sight of her new friend dressed in dark designer blue jeans, a white shirt with the sleeves rolled up, a loosely tied black neck tie, and black vest. 
Bryce launched into her intro. 
"Thank you! Wow, what a welcome!" Bryce bowed then blew a kiss to the audience and camera. 
"So did you guys have a good week?" The audience cheered. 
"Excellent! I had an amazing time. I went to the zoo. I'd never been to Central Park Zoo before, it's fantastic." She then went on to tell a joke about mistaking a chimp for a Republican congressman, which got a huge laugh. 
"Mama! Bry blew us a kiss!" The little girl jumped up and down on her mother's lap. 
"Yes, she did, sweetie. She's saying hello to us and telling the nice people about our day out." 
Jodi's heart melted a little bit more each time she saw Bryce, especially seeing her be so open about their day out. 
"So, I think it's time for a guest, don't you?" 
The audience cheered. 
"Please welcome Brittany Gibson!” The spotlight followed the actress out as the center stage turned to reveal two sofas. 
Bryce walked down to meet her guest. As they hugged and kissed, Brittany held onto the dark haired woman's hips, a little too tight and a little too long. 
"Who’s that lady, Mama?" 
"Just someone from another show, Linds." Someone who can't keep her hands to herself.
Bryce and Brittany started to chat. Bryce gave her the chance to plug her show, naturally, and then turned to the challenge. 
"So Brittany, you agreed to do Bryce's Dare and this week it's archery. How have you enjoyed learning a new skill?" 
"It's been wonderful, Bryce, and you've been such a great help to me." 
Brittany batted her eyelashes and leaned over to touch Bryce's knee. 
Jodi felt the anger boil up in her stomach. She's was all over her! Jodi had no right to be jealous. Bryce technically wasn’t her girlfriend. They’d never said as much, anyway., but it still got under her skin like nothing else. 
The young woman watched as Bryce shifted uncomfortably in her seat and said, "Let's meet the contestant who's going to take on Bryce's Dare with Brittany.”
The show cut to video of the contestant telling a little bit about herself, when they returned Bryce said, "Let's welcome our contestant, Mandy Jacobs!" 
A short, slightly plump woman in her 40s came out to rapturous applause. She was greeted by Bryce and Brittany and sat down. 
"Welcome, Mandy. It's great to have you here. Have you enjoyed the week?" 
"Yeah, I loved it! It was a lot of fun," Mandy replied nervously. 
"Let's take a look at some of our training." The show cut to footage of the three training during the week and, unbeknownst to Bryce, the editor had used the piece with Bryce standing tucked right in behind Brittany, showing her what to do. 
Jodi huffed angrily from her spot on the couch.
"Bry back on. Hi, Bry!" Lindsey said to the TV. 
"So we've done all the training and it's all down to tomorrow night. Just to go over the rules, we compete in a best of five rounds. The two who come out on top will go head to head in the final round. If one of those two is you, Mandy, you win $250,000. If it's Brittany, she wins that for the charity of her choice. In the final round, it will be one shot to win. The closest to the target wins double their original prize, $500,000!" The crowd whooped and cheered. 
"The only catch is you'll be blindfolded!" Brittany and Mandy laughed along with the audience. 
"Come back after the break when there will be a performance by Rihanna, Brittany and I will take a trip back to Sherwood Forest, and one audience member will challenge me to do something very stupid! Be right back!" 
Jodi and Lindsey giggled their way through the rest of the show. Laughing at the big woman wearing a big dress, fighting the villains in Sherwood forest, and playing pranks on a couple of audience members. Finally, they sat opened-mouthed as they watched Bryce take part in the last part of the show, Bryce's Special Challenge. A call-in viewer was randomly picked and, if Bryce could complete a live challenge, they would get $10,000 and all the latest home appliances. 
Bryce always got her staff to keep her totally in the dark about the challenge so that the audience could share her surprise. 
Tonight's challenge was a bungee jump from a crane set up in the TV studio parking lot. 
When the height was announced as 165 feet, Jodi gasped. They watched dumfounded when, after the break, the show returned to find Bryce at the top of the crane waiting to go. 
"Is Bry okay, Mama?" Lindsey looked a little worried at what she was witnessing. 
"She'll be fine, sweetie. She has all those safety things holding her." She tried to give her daughter the confidence she did not feel. 
After holding onto the railing nervously for a few minutes, Bryce closed her eyes, took a few deep breaths and jumped. The camera on her helmet tracked her descent, and in a few seconds she was suspended from the bungee, rebounding up and down. 
Jodi let out the breath she was holding and the two clapped and cheered their new friend. 
"What a job you do, honey!" 

Jodi had put her daughter to bed. It had taken her a good while, as the girl was so excited. 
She was sitting up in bed reading when the phone rang. 
"Hello?" 
"Hi, Jodi, it's me. I hope it's not too late, but I wanted to know what you and Linds thought of the show." 
"It was fantastic, Bryce, but we were so worried when you had to do that jump. I felt sick seeing you in that sort of danger." 
"It wasn't my favorite thing to do. I'm not so good with heights, but it's my job." 
"It's such a great show, so many different kinds of stuff going on." 
"Thanks, I appreciate that. The guys that work on the show are great. They're a well-oiled machine. I like to keep my staff pretty much unchanged. It's my production company that makes the show, so I have that freedom. I've worked with them since the beginning, so everyone knows exactly what to do." 
"You own it?" 
"Yeah, when the network offered me a contract, I wanted to make sure I kept control of the show and my ideas. It's worked really well. I've sold the format all over the world, so I get to benefit from the profits of that instead of the network. The show's been good to me." 
"You're not just a pretty face, are you?" Jodi flirted. 
Bryce cleared her throat, clearly blushing at the other end. 
"Uh... I don't know about that. Did the Smurf like it?" 
"She loved it. She thought she could talk to you through the TV. She kept waving at you and saying hi." 
"She is such a cutie pie. I miss you, Jodi. I can't wait to see you and Linds." 
"I can't wait to see you, I've got used to seeing you every night and getting a kiss." 
"Yeah, I know what you mean. Your kisses are amazing. If I close my eyes, I can still feel the softness of your lips, the taste." 
"Ugh... Bryce, you're making this really hard. I've got to go to sleep after this phone call." 
Bryce laughed. "I'm sorry, baby, it's hard for me, too. Get to sleep and I'll see you tomorrow. Did Kris call you with the details?" 
"She did, thanks. Sleep well, Bryce. Night." 
"Night Jodi, see you tomorrow." 
Once Bryce put the phone down, she took her drink from the coffee table and looked around the large empty condo. 
Sleep well? That's a joke. If only Jodi knew she stayed awake until I couldn't stop herself from falling asleep. The TV was her only companion.


Bryce was nervous. It was Saturday and she had been at the studio all day preparing for tonight's show. She wanted all the rehearsals and technical issues out of the way so she could dedicate all of her time to Jodi and Lindsey when they arrived. 
Bryce was sitting in her dressing room, looking at her watch for the hundredth time. She checked the table that was set up with sweets and snacks, and the drinks in the fridge. 
I hope all this is okay. God I feel like a nervous teenager. Get a grip, Bryce! 
Kris popped her head around the door. "Thought you might like to know that the car has left for your guests." 
"Thanks, Kris, you're the best." 
"Oh, and Miss Gibson is on the hunt for a tall dark TV star." 
"I don't want her saying anything in front of Jodi." 
"I'll do my best to keep her away until show time. She's on a wild goose chase at the moment. I told her I was sure you were in hair and makeup." 
"Thanks, I'll just grab my shower and get dressed. Bring them here as soon as they arrive." 
"Sure thing." 


"Lindsey! Stop jumping up and down so much. I'm trying to get your shoes on." 
"Sorry, Mama. I'm EXCITED! We’re going to see Bry on the TV!" 
"Sweetie, if we don't get you ready, we'll be late. The car will be here any minute." 
Lindsey had been as high as a kite all day. Her new buddy Bryce was her favorite person and she'd never had as much fun since they'd met her. 
"Okay, you sit there for a minute while Mama finishes getting ready. I'll just be in the bathroom." 
"Kay." Lindsey switched on her fijit toy. Great to see ya! What do you wanna do today? the toy chirped. 
Bryce had insisted that they dress casually, but Jodi was nervous. What would she look like up against glamorous women like Brittany Gibson? Jodi looked at herself in the mirror.  At the thought of the young blonde, she added some light makeup. She had chosen to wear some tight blue jeans, a white blouse with a fitted tan leather jacket, and brown boots. She added simple gold earrings, a necklace, and her favorite perfume. 
She heard a knock at the door. 
"That must be the car. Get your jacket on, Linds!" she shouted as she went to answer the door. 
"Miss Bishop?" 
"Yes, that's me," Jodi answered the smart looking man. 
"I'm from Royal Productions. I have a car for you and your daughter." 
"Thank you, I'll just be second getting my daughter." 
"Sure. Uh... Ms. Royal said you would have bags. Can I get them for you?" 
"Yes, thanks. They're just by the couch." Jodi pointed to the two overnight bags she had packed for them. 
This is different. I never thought I'd be doing this a few weeks ago! 
"Come on, sweetie, let's go see Bryce!" 
"Yeah! Let's get Bry, Mama!" Lindsey grabbed her toy and ran to the door. 


Bryce had showered and changed into her first outfit of blue jeans, light grey sweater with white tee shirt underneath, and suit jacket. She would change into her challenge gear in the later part of the show. 
She had just popped outside of her dressing room to see if there was any sign of Jodi and Lindsey when Brittany spotted her. 
"Bryce, have you been avoiding me?" Brittany stepped up a little too close for Bryce's liking. "Listen, would you like to get a drink after the show? Maybe come back to my place?" 
"Uh... I have plans already, Brittany." 
"They can't be that great, Bryce. You're not seeing anyone. I asked around." Brittany ran her hand teasingly up and down Bryce's arm. "I know I'm not out, but I can assure you… I'm really attracted to you, Bryce. I would do anything you asked." 
Bryce was just about to pull away from Brittany's clutches when she heard someone clear their throat. 
She turned around to see Kris standing with Jodi, who had Lindsey up in her arms.
Bryce's stomach dropped. 'Uh oh!' 
Chapter 3

Jodi felt a hot surge of jealousy course through her veins. Bryce saw the look on her face and panicked. 
“Jodi! Linds! You’re here at last! I've been waiting for you." 
Bryce walked quickly over and took Lindsey from the blonde's arms. 
"Hey, Smurf! How are you?" 
"Missed you, Bry!" Lindsey said as she cuddled into Bryce's chest. 
"Aww! I missed you too, Linds." Bryce then took Jodi's hand and pulled her towards the dressing room door. 
Brittany looked on with disgust. 
"Aren't you going to introduce me, Bryce? Is this your cleaning lady?" Brittany laughed cruelly. 
Bryce put her free arm around Jodi's shoulder. 
"As I was trying to tell you, Brittany, I have plans tonight. This is my girlfriend Jodi and her daughter Lindsey. If you'll excuse us, Brittany, I'll see you on set." 
Bryce then steered Jodi into her dressing room, keeping Lindsey up in her arms. When the door was finally closed she exploded. "I'm so sorry about her, Jodi. I was just standing in the hallway waiting for you guys and she came up and was all over me. I hope you don't think anything of it. I was so excited waiting for you and she just..." 
"It's okay Bryce, I believe you. I trust you.” She had no idea why, but she instinctively trusted her. 
Bryce let out a sigh of relief. "Great! I've been so looking forward to this! I hope you didn't mind me saying you were my girlfriend. I know it's probably too soon for you, but I wanted to get a message across to Brittany, and well... it's what I want." 
Jodi smiled shyly. "I liked it." 
Bryce leaned over and gave Jodi a soft kiss on the lips. 
"I want a kiss!" the little girl jumped for it. 
Bryce lifted the girl up in the air and blew a raspberry on the girl's tummy making her howl with laughter. 
"No, Bry! Ha ha! Please!" 
The big woman brought her back down and kissed her on the nose. 
"Was that kiss good enough?" She smiled. 
Lindsey was gasping for breath from laughing. "Bry, you’re funny!" 
Jodi, who had been laughing along with them, said, "I think you two are going to be a bad influence on each other." 
"Oh! Listen, Linds, Big Bird was at the studio today and I told him how much you liked watching him. He couldn't stay, but he asked me to give you this." 
Bryce walked over to the table with the snacks and drinks, and picked up a toy Big Bird with Sesame Street balloons tied around his wrist. 
"Wow! Bry! Big Bird was here?" Bryce untied the balloons so Lindsey could pick up the toy. 
"Bryce, you're going to spoil her," Jodi said seriously. 
"Hey, I've never had anyone to spoil before. Okay?" Bryce cupped and stroked Jodi's face with her hand. 
The young blonde smiled warmly. "Okay. Thank you." 
"And these are for you." Bryce gestured to the large bouquet of flowers sitting on the table. 
Jodi walked over and inhaled their beautiful scent. 
"Bryce, they're wonderful. Thank you. You know, no one ever gave me flowers before you." 
"You deserve the best Jodi. I... I just wanted tonight to be perfect. Come and sit." 
Bryce took her hand and guided her over to the couch where Lindsey was playing with Big Bird. 
The big woman looked shyly at Jodi. "You look beautiful, Jodi." 
"Hardly! I can't compete with the women you see every day." 
Bryce lifted the blonde's hand and kissed it tenderly. 
"There's no competition, Jodi. You're the only one who has ever made me feel like this. To me, you're perfect. You have curves in all the right places and eyes that make me want to get lost in them." 
"When you look at me like that I want to believe you." 
"I promise you can." Bryce moved towards Jodi and gave her the sweetest of kisses. 
"Hmmm," Jodi moaned. "Maybe we can discuss this more later." 
"Count on it. Listen, I know I won't be with you all the time tonight, but Kris will stay with you and make sure you have everything you need. Ask for anything you want and think of my dressing room as your own. I know it'll be a long night for the Smurf, so I've got some blankets here if you want to let her sleep on the couch. There's food and snacks on the table there, and all kinds of drinks in the fridge. Just make sure you keep your pass around your neck, security is tight around here." 
"Thank you, I can't wait to see what goes on. The show was amazing on TV last night." 
Bryce's chest puffed out a little. 

"You liked it?" 
"Yeah, it was so fun and you're so good with the audience. The stunt at the end, whoa! I had my heart in my mouth. You're so strong and athletic. I... um... oh... nothing." 
Jodi looked away blushing. 
"Come on Jodi, tell me. You can tell me anything. I would never laugh at you." 
"Well... I love how big and strong you are, I just wondered if you had a six pack under there. Oh god, I'm so embarrassed!" 
Bryce smirked and gave her a smoky look. "I hope you'll want to find out, baby." 
Caught up in the depths of each other's eyes, their lips got closer and closer until a little face came between them. 
"Me have some juice please, Bry?" 
They two women laughed. "I guess we'll have to get back to this later. Come on Smurf! Let's go choose some juice!" 
Bryce lifted the little girl up and took her to get a drink. 

"So, you ready for a look around? I've got about an hour before I have to go and do my stuff." 
"Great, I can't wait to see," Jodi said excitedly. 


They had toured around wardrobe, hair and makeup. The makeup girls made a fuss over Lindsey, styling her hair, drawing a little, butterfly on her cheek and putting on some sparkly stickers. 
"There you go, honey. You're all set for TV!" one of the young makeup girls said. 
"Look at me, Mama!" 
"You look pretty, sweetie. Say thank you to Sandy." 
"Tank you, Sandy." 
"No problem honey, you come back anytime you want. Bryce never lets us put much makeup on her so we love to get the chance!" 
Jodi and the makeup girls laughed. 
"Hey! I hate the stuff. I'm just not a makeup kinda girl," the big woman pouted. 
"No, I don't think you are, Bryce, and I like you that way," Jodi said. 
Bryce smiled smugly. "See, somebody appreciates me, Sandy." 
"Haven't you got something high and dangerous to be jumping off?" she said sarcastically. 
Jodi and Lindsey laughed, enjoying the easy banter the TV star enjoyed with her staff. Bryce certainly didn't act like a star. 
"See what I have to put up with? See you later, girls." 

They then made their way to the studio floor and walked out onto the vast black stage. 
"This place is huge!" Jodi said. Lindsey seeing a big open space, set off at a run. 
"Don't trip over any of the wires, Linds!" her mother shouted. 
"She'll be fine. Mike!" Bryce shouted over to a guy fiddling with one of the cameras. 
"Yeah?" 
"Can you watch out for Lindsey here while I show her Mom the rest of the set?" 
"Sure, no problem." 
"Lindsey! Come here a second." The little girl ran over to Bryce. 
"This is Mike; he's going to watch you while I show Mama around the rest of the set. You can run around if you like." 
"Yeah!" 
"Be good Lindsey," said her mother. 
They walked further onto the stage area. "I never imagined a studio would be this big," Jodi said gazing round the large space. 
"Yeah we had to purpose-build this, we started off in a normal studio, but there just wasn't enough room for the stunts we were doing. When the show turned out to be a hit, the network agreed to fund this complex. We're standing in a large aircraft hangar, basically. It's sectioned off into offices, rehearsal rooms and facilities for the staff." 
"It's really something, Bryce." 
Bryce looked down, uncomfortable when receiving praise. 

"I'm proud of all that we've achieved. I have a great team working with me. Listen, I need to get ready for the show now. Let’s grab the Smurf and head back." 
They made their way back to Bryce's dressing room. 
Hey Smurf, I'll put the TV on for you okay?" Bryce switched on the Disney Channel and Lindsey settled on the floor to watch. 
"Tanks Bry." 
"No problem, Linds" Turning to Jodi she said, "Come sit with me a minute." 
Once they were seated on the couch, Bryce said, "I have to go, but I just wanted some time with you first. Kris will bring you to watch from backstage when we go live. I... uh, I can't tell you what it means to me to have you here, have you both here. I've never been happier than since I met you two. I know you think I'm successful and have achieved a lot, but I've been alone for so long and especially since Everette died, it's been hard. I know I've been maybe, moving too quickly for you, but I've never felt what I'm feeling ever in my life and I want to grab onto it and never let go. You mean the world to me. I guess I just want you know if you let me keep seeing you, it's not some passing fling for me. It's serious." 
Jodi cupped the side of Bryce's face and looked into her uncertain big blue yes. 

You've been lonely for far too long, honey. You may be big and tough, but inside you're so vulnerable. 
"It's serious for me too. I think you need someone to look after you, honey. I'd like to be that person." 
"I'd like that, too," Bryce whispered as their lips came together in a deep kiss; a kiss that spoke of the future and a deep love that they couldn't find the words for yet. 
"Mama! Mwah! Mwah!" The little girl laughed at them. 
Bryce turned and smiled. "Hey kid, we'll need to work on your timing." 
"You better go. Don't want to keep the American public waiting." 
"I guess. I'll miss you, I can't wait to spend time with you later." 
"Me too. Now scoot." 
"Okay, I'm going," Bryce said giving her one final kiss. 
"Oh and Bryce?" 
"Yeah?" 
"Make sure you kick that Brittany Gibson, butt in the dare!" 
"I will. Just for you, Jodi." 


Malik put down his cell with a huge grin on his face. 
Well Royal. I'm getting closer and closer. You're going to make me a very rich man. 
He picked up the phone again and called his partner. 
"Sam? Yeah it's me. I just got a tip from Bryce Royal's studio that the girl and her daughter are there tonight watching the filming. 
She's introducing her as her girlfriend. I want you outside the studio; see if you can get a shot of the three of them together. 
Yeah, I'm still following up the kid's father. There must be a story in that, but even without that, this story and the pictures are going to make us a fortune. The press has been looking for this for years, America's most eligible woman tamed at last by a poor single mother who works as a waitress. It's dynamite. A rags to riches story, the public will lap it up. 
Get the picture and email it to me. I'll put it some calls to the usual suspects and sell to the highest bidder; it should run on Monday. 
Excellent. Talk to you later." 


Jodi struggled to keep hold of a wriggling Lindsey who was worked up to a frenzy watching the show from the side. The show had been so exciting for them both and it had built to the final challenge. Brittany Gibson had been knocked out in the first round, much to Jodi's amusement, so it was now just Bryce against the contestant in the final challenge. One shot, blindfolded, closest to the target wins. The challenger went first and just barely hit the target. The audience was now chanting, "Bryce! Bryce!" 
Lindsey was swept up in the fervor watching her playmate and Jodi had to struggle to keep her from running onto the stage. 
"Bry! Bry! Me go stand with Bry, Mama?" 
"No honey. Bryce is busy. Remember we talked about this, Bryce has to concentrate and win so the hospital gets some money?" 
This week's charity money was going towards a children's unit at the local hospital. 
Bryce took her shot and the crowd went wild as she hit the bullseye. 

Jodi and Lindsey cheered and clapped as the big woman took off her blindfold and commiserated with the contestant. 
"Bad luck, but remember you still take home the money you won in the first round and you did beat our celebrity contestant. Did you enjoy yourself?" 
"Very much, Bryce, I've had a great day." 
"Great. Well tune in next week to see me tackle some free running and singer Matt Evans takes on Bryce's Dare when we compete against each other in a five car stunt jump. Remember to catch Brittany Gibson every Monday night in her hit show, Head of the House. See you next week and remember..." Bryce stared down the camera and winked, "Don't try this at home! Goodnight." 
Brittany Gibson had joined everyone on stage and they all waved at the camera. 
"We're off air, Bryce," called one of the crew. 
Kris stepped forward with a towel and bottle of water for her. 

"Thanks, can you tell Jodi I'll just be a few minutes talking to the audience and then I'll be with her?" 
"Sure." Kris walked over to Jodi and said, "she'll just be a couple of minutes, Jodi. She just says a few words of thanks to the audience before leaving the stage." 
"Okay." 
Jodi watched as Bryce talked to the contestant and had a final word with Brittany. 
Boy! She doesn't look happy. 
She saw Brittany walking toward her with a sinister look on her face. 
"You and your little brat better enjoy the high life while you can. Do you think someone as rich and famous as Bryce Royal will settle down with a waitress, and a single mother at that?" 
How does she know all this? One of Bryce's staff must have talked. 
Brittany's words hit her in the gut and Lindsey looked up nervously at her mother. 
"I'll thank you to keep your nose out of my life and your opinions to yourself. You can call me anything you want, but don't you dare say anything like that about my daughter again!" 
Brittany laughed cruelly. "You're just a phase, sweetheart. Bryce goes through women like candy. As soon as she gets fed up with playing your knight in shining armor, she'll be on to the next one." Brittany walked away smiling. 

Even though she thought she knew Bryce, there was a part of her deep inside that worried that what Brittany said was true. 
She watched the big woman make the audience laugh. She was so different onstage. 
If she can act that differently there, could she be acting with me? 
"Bry!" Jodi was shaken from her thoughts when her daughter spotted her playmate bounding over to them. 
"Hey! How are my two favorite girls?" She gave them both a kiss. 
Bryce's warm, genuine smile seemed to banish the young blonde's fears all at once. 
"We're great. The show was excellent." 
"You hear me shout for you, Bry?" 
The big woman smiled. 
I'm falling more and more in love with you two. 
"I heard you, Smurf. That's what made me win. Let's get back to my dressing room, so I can get changed and take you two home... uh to my place." 
Shit! I hope she didn't notice that slip. Stop pushing, Bryce! 
She held out her arms and said. "Here let me take Linds for you." 
Bryce held the little girl in one arm and took Jodi's hand with the other. 
As they walked Jodi said, "Did I hear you say you were doing a stunt jump next week?" 
"Yeah! It'll be so cool. Linds will love to watch that, I bet." 
"Isn't it a bit dangerous?" Jodi worried. They walked into the dressing room and Bryce sat Lindsey on the couch. 

"I'll be fine." The big woman took Jodi in her arms, looked her straight in the eye and said, "I'm good with cars and remember, I'm Bryce Royal! No dare too big!" 
Jodi laughed. "Ah! So you do have an ego?" 
"Well, I am good at a lot of things," Bryce teased the blonde. 
"Oh?" Jodi stood on her tiptoes and whispered in her ear, "I can't wait to find out." 
Bryce shivered from head to foot. 
"Uh, I think on that note, I'll grab my shower." 
"Hurry!" 
Bryce turned at the door of the shower room and winked. "Oh, I will!" 


Bryce pulled her Jeep into the underground parking garage. 
"Here we are." 
"How do we get to your apartment?" 
"There's an elevator over in the corner." 
Jodi turned around to look at Lindsey in the car seat. 
"Aw, she's sound asleep. It's been a long night for her." 
"Thanks for letting her stay up this once, I really enjoyed having you both there. Let's get her to bed and we can have a drink." 

Bryce unlocked the door with one hand while carrying a sleeping Lindsey in her other arm. 
"Here we go. Home sweet home." 
Jodi walked into the large living room and looked at the rich furnishings and the art on the walls. 
Wow! How are Lindsey and I ever going to fit into her life? This is too much. 
Bryce saw the look that crossed the blonde's face and she felt panic in the pit of her stomach. 
"It's just a house, I'm still me okay?" Bryce pleaded. 
Jodi saw the anxiety on the big woman's face. You really do want this to work don't you? 
"It's fine. Lead the way, goofy," Jodi smiled. 
"Okay, follow me and we can put the Smurf to bed." 
Bryce laid the little girl down on the guest bed. "Well, I'll let you get her into her PJ's and settled, and I'll get us some drinks. Would you like some wine?" 
"Sure, that would be nice." 
"Any preference?" 
"Um... white, please." 
"Sure. Just come through to living room when you're ready," Bryce said nervously. 


Bryce grabbed some wine from the fridge and the snack platter Kris had ordered for her. 
"What else do I need? Wine, snacks, I know there's something." 
Bryce's heart thudded in her chest. "Stay calm, Bryce. Glasses! That's it." 
She grabbed two glasses, put them on the tray and took it through to the living room. 
Cool. Stay cool, Bryce. 
She dimmed the lights and set a love playlist she had made up on her iPhone to begin playing. 
Perfect. 

Bryce was uncorking the wine when Jodi appeared, looking a bit unsure of herself. 
"Come and sit down, Jodi," Bryce said, handing her a large glass of wine. 
"We've got cheese, olives and crackers as well. So dig in." 
They sat close, Bryce's arm running along the back of the couch. 
"Thanks, these are great," said Jodi, grabbing a stuffed olive. 
"I got Kris to order me some food, I'm not used to having guests." 
"What do you eat then?" 
"Um... cereal, protein shakes, and mostly take out." 
"You really do need some home cooked meals, goofy." 
Bryce smiled brightly. 
"This is a lovely place, Bryce." 
"It's okay. I'll give you the tour before we turn in. It's got everything I need I guess, but it's not really a home. It's kinda lonely coming back here after the show. I'm so glad you two are here." 
Jodi's heart ached for the big woman. You've been alone too long. 

"It's our pleasure. So where would be home to you?" 
"Um... it's kind of silly." Bryce put her head down shyly. 
Jodi took her hand. "Tell me. Please?" 
"Well, I've always had this dream that if ever I settled down, I would buy a place near the beach; a big piece of land where I could have my privacy. An ocean view, somewhere I could just walk out onto the beach, and have a small boat, maybe. I could have a workshop out back where I could work on stuff, woodwork and home improvement projects. It would be kind of silly to buy something like that just for me to rattle around in, but a great place for a family." 
Their eyes met in understanding, but neither one wanted to say what they felt. 
"You handy with tools, then?" Jodi said with a smirk. 
"Well I think so." Bryce winked. "No seriously. My grandpa ran a building contractor business and my dad worked as a contractor with him until he opened up the dojo. I loved helping during school holidays and I learned a lot." 
"It sounds like a wonderful dream." Jodi smiled lovingly at her new girlfriend. 
Bryce cleared her throat and said, "So I wanted to ask, has Linds seen Night at the Museum?" 
"Yes, she loves that movie. Why?" 
"I thought we could take her to the Natural History Museum tomorrow and hunt out all the characters. Thought that would be fun for her and us." 
Jodi sighed in contentment. "Bryce Royal you are something else." 
The dark haired woman quirked an eyebrow, "Why?" 
"Not many people would want to date a woman and have the kid come along everywhere with them, you are so good with her." 
Jodi thought for a moment and said, "She's quickly falling in love with you." 
Bryce's heart thudded, instinctively knowing what Jodi was trying to say. 
"Why would I mind, she's a great kid and I knew from the start she was a special part of the package. You two come as a pair. Mama Smurf and Baby Smurf! I love her, too." 
Jodi playfully smacked Bryce's bicep, pretending to be annoyed. "Hey! I'm not that small!" 
"You are kinda short, but I like you that way." 
"Your just too tall, goofy!" They both laughed. 

"But if we're going to continue this we do need some time to go out by ourselves. It's difficult though, finding a sitter to trust," Jodi said sadly. 
"Maybe Kris could help us out? She has grown-up children and I'd trust her with my life. I want to continue with this, I feel so much for you in such a short time and I'm trying not to be too full-on and rush you, but I need you to know that I'm serious and I was showing you that by calling you my girlfriend tonight." 
"I feel it too. We haven't known each other long and I'm really trying to be careful for Lindsey's sake, but it's so hard because I'm falling for you. I'd love to be your girlfriend, Bryce." 
Bryce lifted Jodi's hand and kissed it tenderly. 
"I'm going to work so hard for your love, Jodi. You're never going to want to leave me." 
"You're so sweet, you big goof!" 
Bryce lifted her arm and invited Jodi to cuddle, which she gleefully accepted. 
"Mmm. This is the best way I've ever spent an evening after the show." 
"You're good at cuddling." 
They snuggled like that while listening to the music for a while, then Jodi said, "I love this song." 
"Yeah, Adele's songs are beautiful. Would you dance with me?" 
"What here? In the living room?" 
"Sure! Come on." Bryce pulled the blonde up on her feet and started the song again. 
Jodi went willingly into her arms, resting her head on Bryce's chest. 
Bryce stroked her hand up and down Jodi's back as they swayed together, becoming intoxicated by her unique smell. 
Jodi began giving gentle kisses to the big woman's collarbone. She felt Bryce respond by pulling away, taking her face in her big hands, and placing the gentlest of kisses on the young woman's lips. The blonde quickly deepened the kiss, teasing Bryce with her tongue. Bryce moaned making her own explorations with her tongue. 
As the kiss turned more passionate, Bryce's hands grasped the blonde's, butt and squeezed, causing Jodi to moan in the older woman's mouth. 
Jodi's hands rested on Bryce's hips, but all she could think about was touching the washboard stomach she had dreamed of. Her hands lifted up the sides of Bryce's sleeveless t-shirt, but she was scared to go any further. Then she felt Bryce's big hand grasp her own and place it under her shirt, encouraging Jodi. Bryce moaned and her muscles contracted as Jodi's fingers stroked across her hard stomach. 
Bryce pulled back from the kiss, needing to breathe. 
"God, I want you so much, baby girl. If you don't want to go any further, we need to calm down a bit." 
"I want you too, Bryce. I want to make love so much, but I think we should wait a little longer." 
Jodi stroked her hand down Bryce's cheek. "I want it to be right. You understand?" 
Bryce kissed her on the nose. "You're right, baby. I want this to last for a long time and I want it to be the right time for both of us." 
"Thank you." 
Taking Jodi's hand Bryce said, "Come on Jodi, I'll show you around before bed." 



Jodi awoke to an empty bed. Last night she decided to share the large king size bed with her daughter in case she woke up and didn't know where she was. 
She heard squeals and laughter coming from somewhere. Bryce must have her. Hmm! Bryce. Jodi felt her stomach clench as she remember touching her new girlfriend last night. 
Bryce you came so close to getting lucky. Mmm. I love her body. I think when we do go to bed, I might faint! She's so strong and well built. That stomach! Argh! Enough. Get up; you're going to drive yourself crazy! 
Jodi got up and followed the noise. She found herself at the door of the game room where she saw her daughter, still in her pyjamas, sword fighting on the Wii against Bryce, who was still in her boxers and t-shirt. 

Jodi laughed as her daughter shouted, "I get you, Bry! I knock you off!" As Bryce's character fell dramatically into the water, so did the big woman, falling just as dramatically onto the floor. 
"Ugh! The Smurf got me! I'm dead!" 
Lindsey heard her Mother laughing. "Mama! Me knock Bry off! I love playing Wii!" 
Jodi kissed her daughter on the head. "I bet you do. I think Bryce likes it too." 
Bryce got up and looking slightly embarrassed said, "Uh, I always wake up early and I saw Linds was awake so I thought we could play." 
Jodi walked over and gave her a kiss. "You are such a goof! Thanks for taking care of her. She's never played video games before." 
"Yeah she really loves it; she discovered the games on my iPhone as well." 
"Oh be careful! I'd hate for her to break it, it's so expensive." 
"It's fine, don't worry, I get them for free." 
"You do?" 
"Yeah I do a lot advertising with Apple." Bryce said, as if it was the most natural thing in the world. 
"Okay... Listen, how about I make us all breakfast. You said Kris bought you some food?" 
"Yeah she did, but you don't have to, I mean I could take us out for breakfast." 
"I like to cook, you always pay for everything and this is one thing I can do. I like looking after you both and in any case your kitchen is to die for!" 
"Well, please, knock yourself out." 
"Sweetie, you make sure Bryce behaves while Mommy makes breakfast." 
"I will, Mama. You be good, Bry!" Lindsey said seriously. 
Bryce grabbed the little girl and tickled her mercilessly. "I can be good, Smurf! Here comes the tickle monster!" 
Jodi smiled and left both giggling and laughing. 



About 20 minutes later, Bryce decided she was missing the blonde too much. 
"Hey Smurf, I'll be back in a few minutes. You can play some games on my phone,, but remember only the games in the kid folder I made for you." 
"Okay Bry. I will." 
"Good girl." 
Bryce headed off to the kitchen. She found Jodi at the stove making pancakes. She walked up behind the blonde and wrapped her arms around her waist. 
Jodi turned in her arms. "I thought you were playing games?" 
"I missed you too much and I didn't get a proper good morning kiss." The big woman pouted. 
"We'll have to rectify that then." Jodi pulled Bryce down, her hands wrapped around her neck, kissing Bryce thoroughly. 
"Mmm. That's what I call a kiss, baby. Do you know how good it feels to have you both here? You've made this lonely big place feel warm and happy." 
"I'm glad, we're happy to be here. Now go and get your little playmate and I'll serve breakfast." 
"Okay." Bryce's faced seemed to beam with happiness. She leaned over and kissed Jodi's nose, then went to get Lindsey. 

When they returned, Jodi had piled the kitchen table with delicious smelling food. 
"Wow, this is great." Bryce looked and saw a huge pile of pancakes, plates of bacon, eggs and lots of toast. 
"Dig in, Bryce. Would you like some of everything, Linds?" 
"Yes please, Mama." 
Bryce looked on at the quiet domesticity around her kitchen table and it made her heart swell with happiness. 
Jodi looked up from her own plate and saw Bryce just looking at them strangely. Not unhappily, but something she couldn't put her finger on. 
"Are you okay? What are you thinking, Bryce?" 
Bryce was broken from her contemplation. "I'm fine. Just thinking how happy I am, Jodi." She smiled warmly at the blonde. 
"I'm glad. Eat up or it'll get cold." 
Bryce wolfed down the food on her plate and Jodi was sure she didn't stop for breath for a full five minutes. 

"Oh! Jodi, this is just delicious. Your pancakes are something else." 
"Mama is good at cooking," Lindsey said proudly. 
"She sure is, Smurf. Jodi, can I tell her about today?" 
Jodi smiled and nodded. 
"Guess where we're going today, Smurf?" 
"Where?! Where Bry?" 
"Well. You know the movie you like? Night at the Museum?" 
"Yeah? Dum dum! Rexie!" 

"Well were gonna take you there today, to visit Dum dum and Rexie and Dextor. Would you like that?" 
Lindsey jumped as quick as a flash from her seat and into Bryce's arms. 
"Yeah Bry! Thank you! Love you." 
"Love you too, Smurf." 
As Bryce cuddled the little girl she looked up to Jodi who mouthed, "Thank you." 
"Come and finish your breakfast, sweetie, or we'll never get there." 
"Yes Mama." 
"I was looking on the net this morning and they've got a cool restaurant suited for kids called the Starlight Cafe, we could get some lunch there. What do you think?" 
"Sounds great. Let's eat up and get ready." 


"You girls ready?" Bryce shouted into the bedroom. 
"Just about. Give us five minutes, Bryce." 
"Come on sweetie, we need to hurry." Jodi had struggled to get the excited little girl ready. 
"Which bottoms, Linds? Jeans with sparkles or purple pants?" 
"Sparkly jeans." As Jodi got her ready Lindsey said, "Mama?" 
"What sweetie?" 
"Love Bry. She's funny." 
"She is. I'm glad you like her. I hope we'll spend lots of time with her." 
"You love her, Mama?" 
What do I tell her? She's so innocent. I don't want her to get her hopes up and then it doesn't work out between us. I can't lie to her. 
"Well that's complicated grown-up stuff sweetie, but can you keep a secret?" The little girl nodded. 
"I think I do love her, Linds, but I'm just not ready to tell her yet. If things work out I'll tell her soon, okay?" 
"Okay." Lindsey smiled. 
"Right, shoes on and let's go." 

Mother and daughter came into the living room to find Bryce, as usual, playing with her phone. 
"Do you ever put that thing down, Bryce?" Jodi smirked. 
"Jodi, this thing organizes my entire life. I love it!" she said giving her phone a big kiss. 
"You're such a goof!" 
"That's what they tell me. So are Mama Smurf and Baby Smurf ready?" 
"We are. I like the hat." Jodi smiled. Bryce had her collar length dark hair hidden underneath a black oversized G-Star beanie hat. 
"Thanks, this is my incognito look. I don't want to be recognized and bother you two. I can't really get away with the sunglasses in winter though." 
Jodi walked over and looked Bryce up and down. She was dressed in designer slouchy jeans and hooded sweatshirt. 
"That's one of the things I really like about you, honey. You dress really nice and take care of your appearance." 
Bryce moved her lips to within inches of Jodi's. "I've gotta look good for my girl, haven't I?" Then their lips met in a gentle kiss. 
"Mama! Bry! No kwisses! Dum dum and saurs!" 
Jodi smiled at Bryce's look of frustration. "Come on then, TV star. Let's move it." 
"Alright Smurf, just for that here comes the tickle monster!" The big woman chased the happy girl around the room for a few minutes before saying, "Okay, Smurf, I give in. Jump up and let's go. We got suars to see!" 
The three made their way down to Bryce's car and set off for the day. 



They had a great day at the museum. Bryce carried Lindsey everywhere on her shoulders and Jodi wished her little girl could have had a second parent like the TV star from the time she was born. Even with the hat on, Bryce was still recognized wherever they went, but everyone was respectful of Jodi and Lindsey's privacy when asking for pictures. 
They had said a reluctant farewell that evening, promising to phone each other the next day. Jodi was working the day shift and Bryce had training with the guys. 
Bryce sat down at the kitchen table about to drink her protein shake and check the papers before heading out to the gym. 
She switched the TV on the wall to the morning news show. 
She noticed right away that her Twitter messages had gone mad overnight for some reason. Just as she opened the app to check, she heard from the TV... 

" And joining us is our showbiz correspondent Sarah Jones. Well Sarah, there's only one story on everyone lips this morning." 
"You're right, Brad. It seems that one of America's most eligible women is off the market. The story broke this morning in the newspapers and on the internet that famous lesbian TV star Bryce Royal has been snapped up." 
Bryce dropped her protein shake on the floor. 
"Shit!" 

"Bryce has always been very open about being gay and has attended many events with actresses and singers, but none have captured Ms. Royal's eye., but this morning we've read reports and seen pictures of Bryce spending family days out at the zoo and the Natural History Museum with her new girlfriend, Jodi Bishop, and her young daughter. They were also been spotted on the set of The Bryce Royal Show, where we understand from insiders that Jodi was introduced to the staff as Bryce's partner." 

The TV screen showed Bryce carrying a sleeping Lindsey from the studio and holding Jodi's hand. 

"But more than that Brad, it's a bit of a Cinderella story. Miss Bishop works as a waitress for a local restaurant called 'Malik's Diner.' According to the newspapers, they met after Bryce stopped by the diner for a late night snack and fell in love. Miss Bishop is a single mother who has struggled for years on a low income to bring up her daughter on her own. Sources close to Miss Royal tell me they are worried Jodi Bishop is fortune Forest and have warned the TV star about the young waitress. Brad, I prefer to think that true love has struck the couple, and who knows? Maybe we'll have the next big gay wedding right here in New York." 
"Who knows, Sarah. We wish them well. Now let's go over to the weather." 

"Shit! Fuck! What's Jodi gonna say!" Bryce grabbed her phone to call her when an incoming call came from Kris. 
"Did you just see that, Kris?" Bryce shouted. 
"See it? It's all over the papers; the phones at the studio are going crazy. I got a call telling me that the press are laying in wait outside the diner, waiting for her to appear. It seems to have caught everyone's imagination. The rags to riches story. The ordinary woman who snagged a worldwide TV star." 
"Shit. I'll call her right now. Who the fuck are these sources close to me warning about me about her intentions?" Bryce ranted. 
"Calm down, Bryce. It may take time, but we'll sort it out. I have no idea who the sources could be, but I can't imagine it being any of your studio staff. I had a call from the network; they want a sit down with you in the next few days. They've set up focus groups to find out the public reaction to you being in gay relationship." 
"What the hell for? I never hid the fact that I'm gay, they've always been fine with it." 
"You were always a single gay woman before, and it suited them for publicity's sake that your were seen out and about at premieres and parties with actresses and models. This is a relationship, a serious relationship, with a poor single mother." 
"What?" 
"That's not what I think Bryce, you know me. That's what they'll be thinking. Don't worry about that just now. Your popularity is sky high and worldwide at the moment, and your contract is watertight. Just meet with them calmly and see what they have to say." 
Bryce took a deep calming breath. 

"Okay. You're right, as usual. I'll call Jodi now and get back to you. Speak to you soon." 
Bryce ended the call and dialed Jodi's apartment. 
"No answer, shit!" 
She quickly redialed her PA. "Kris? I can't get an answer. I'm going to drive over there. Can you phone Theo and Zach for me and tell them I won't be training today?" 
"No problem. Anything else?" 
"Yeah I want you to organize a delivery for me..." 


Meanwhile, Jodi had just dropped Lindsey off with Mrs. Ambrose who lived one floor up in her apartment block. Jodi was running late this morning, after their full day yesterday she found it hard to get Lindsey up and ready. Jodi hadn't had much time to chat, but she was sure Mrs. Ambrose was acting a little funny this morning. Smiling a lot and telling her they would need to have a gossip when she picked up the little girl. 
The blonde rushed down to the front of the building, hoping she wouldn't be late for work. When she opened the door, she was greeted by a barrage of cameras, flashes and voices shouting questions. 

What the hell is going on? 
She tried to cover her eyes from the flashes and push her way through. 
"Miss Bishop, is it true your broke up Bryce Royal and Brittany Gibson' relationship?" one shouted. Another said, "Jodi, when will you be moving in with Bryce?" 
"What does Lindsey's father think about his daughter being brought up in a lesbian relationship?" 
The questions were like machine gun fire as Jodi tried to push her way through the crowd. When she made it out to the sidewalk, she felt her hand being grabbed. 
"Let go!" she shouted and struggled as the press pack followed. 
"Jodi, it's me, jump in the car now!" 
"Bryce? Thank God you're here." 
The TV star had parked on the side of the street and they both raced to get into the large jeep. 
Once they were safely in, Bryce said, "Buckle up. I'll get us out of here." 
As Bryce drove, Jodi was silent with shock. 
She looks terrified. Shit! I need to sort this out. 
Bryce drove right across town and pulled into the parking lot under her condo. 

"What are you doing, Bryce? I need to get to work." 
Bryce turned around in her seat and took her hand. "Listen Jodi, the diner is packed with press waiting for you. There's no way you could go in today." 
Jodi looked angry and panicky as she replied, "If I don't go to work, I don't get paid and Lindsey and I don't eat!" Jodi put her head in her hands. 
"Please calm down. I got Kris to call your boss, he's quite happy for you to take a week's paid vacation to get things sorted out. As I said, the diner's packed with press guys and customers hoping to get a glimpse of you. So he's happily making money." 
"What are we going to do, Bryce? This is my life here?" 
"Let me go back and pick up Lindsey, and you can stay here until things die down a bit. It won't last forever, we're just a novelty. To put it in perspective, it's only ten reporters at your house and work. I've had to put up with a lot worse." 
"Maybe you have,, but this is all new to me and this feels like a huge deal. Lindsey and I have gone from having no one, but each other, to having you and a city full of reporters. I can't just uproot my daughter's life because the press won't leave me alone. I don't know how I can live my life like this, go to work like this." Jodi's tears fell down her cheeks. 

How am I going to live without you? 
Bryce stared straight ahead, suddenly feeling sick as she said, "If it's what you want, I'll ask Kris to issue a statement saying we are no longer together. The press should lose interest in a few weeks." 
Jodi looked at her in shock. "Is that what you want, Bryce? I thought..." 
"No! It's not what I want," Bryce said a bit too forcefully. "I want you. You and Lindsey. I thought you said you couldn't live with this?" 
"I was just scared, Bryce, I don't want to lose you. I've never felt like this before about anyone,, but we haven't known each other that long and I guess I'm afraid I could end up facing this alone. It's a lot to gamble." 
Bryce stroked her cheek. "I want you, both of you, for as long as you want me. You should see from my track record that I don't go into things lightly. It's true that we haven't known each other long, but my heart knows you. My heart knows I love you, it has from the moment I met you, but I was afraid of scaring you. I love you Jodi Bishop, and I love your little girl. Please let us make this work?" 
She loves me? Do I make that leap? It's now or never, Jodi. 
"I love you, Bryce Royal. I want to make this work." 
Bryce pressed her lips against Jodi's, sheer relief coursing through her body. 
"Thank you, baby girl. I won't ever make you regret it. I promise." 
"I think you're a safe bet, Goofy," Jodi said pulling the big woman into a hug. 
"Will you come and stay with me then?" 
"No." 
"No? But I thought..." 
"I need to be able to handle this to be in your life, Bryce. I just got scared this morning. I mean, what's the worst that can happen? They ask me questions and take my picture? I think I'm made of sterner stuff than that." 
Bryce smiled. "You are amazing. Just remember to keep the Smurf's face covered okay? Will you consider living with me when you're ready?" 
"Of course I will, honey. We just need a little more time. I'm very independent and people might think I'm after your money." 
"I don't care what people think." 
"I know. We'll get there. Just a little more time." 
Bryce kissed her on the lips. 
"Okay. That's all I ask. I love you guys." 
"So I'll take today off and go back in tomorrow." 
Bryce took Jodi's hand. "I'll agree on one condition." 
"What's that?" 
Bryce turned and grabbed a package from the backseat. 
"This is the condition. Open it." 
Jodi pulled a box from the bag and found an iPhone." 
"Bryce no..." 
"No, I won't hear any argument. It's on my account so you don't have to worry about bills, and you can get any games the Smurf wants to play. It's for your safety. This morning I couldn't get hold of you, and I need to know you can call me if you're being hassled or don't feel safe. Okay?" 
Jodi guessed she was going to have to give in on this. 
"Alright!" she sighed. 
"Good, now that you have the day off, why don't we go upstairs, order in lunch, I'll show how to use that thing and we can snuggle?" 
"Excellent. I told you, you're not just a handsome face." 
Bryce flashed her best grin. "I'll take you to pick up Linds later." 


"How did they even know, Bryce?" asked Jodi as they ate their lunch. 
Bryce had ordered lunch from the kitchen in the apartment building. 
"Most of the other reporters and paparazzi don't bother unless I'm out at an event because, basically, nothing was going on in my life, but when my brother Everette was having his problems, he was all over the press. Parties, guys, alcohol and, in the end, drugs. When he died, a reporter named Malik Osgood wrote a really cruel piece about him. He bribed one of the crime scene guys to get pictures of..." 
Bryce gulped and ran a hand through her dark hair. 
"Take your time, honey. I'm listening." 
""Uh... pictures of how he was found. Dead. He published them." 
"That low down bastard!" Jodi fumed. 
"Yeah, I know. When I saw it, I went straight to the newspaper office to kill him. If I had found him, I think I really would have. He wasn't there, but a very heated conversation with the editor later, he was fired. I threatened to throw every lawyer under the sun at them unless Malik took the fall. He's freelance now, sells his gutter stories and pictures to the highest bidder. Every since I got him fired he's followed me around, waiting for me to make one wrong move. It has to have been him." 
"I'm so sorry you had to go through that, Bryce. We won't let him win, what's he got on us anyway? We're just a new happy, loving couple. I'll get used to the attention and I won't let it stop my life." Jodi said defiantly. 
"Thank you baby. You're amazing." 


"Sam, I need you to keep digging on the kid's father." 
"But we got the story, Malik? We broke it and made a ton of cash, why not just leave it?" 
"It's not enough. I need Bryce Royal hurt, embarrassed, all of the above. I know there's a story there, so keep digging. My contact came up with nothing." 
"Okay! Okay, I will. I'll get back to you." 
Click 

The next morning arrived and Jodi was preparing to face the press and the public at work. 
Bryce insisted on taking her to work and Jodi reluctantly agreed, as she realized there would be nowhere to hide from the cameras on public transportation, and Bryce assured her the press interest would calm down. 
Her new partner arrived early and played with Lindsey while Jodi got ready. 
"Okay, it's now or never. Let's drop Lindsey off and get going," said Jodi nervously. 
Bryce stood and gently caressed the side of her girlfriend's face. 
"Okay. Now remember what I said, just keep walking straight ahead and don't reply to any questions no matter how much they annoy you. I'll keep them back. Remember, if this is too much for you, going to work with this entire circus, we'll work something out okay?" 
"I'll be fine honey, this is my life, and they're not going to stop me. Let's go." 
They dropped Lindsey off and made their way to the front door. Bryce looked at Jodi and said, "You ready?" 
The young woman took a deep breath. Come on Jodi. She's worth it. You can do this. 
"As I'll ever be!" 
Bryce opened the door and they were immediately bombarded with a barrage of flashes and questions. 

Jodi felt herself be bodily maneuvered by Bryce and virtually thrown into the car. 
"We made it! You okay, Jodi?" asked Bryce. 
Jodi tried to catch her breath. "Well you certainly got me through that crowd!" 
"Sorry if I was a bit rough, baby. I just wanted to get you through quickly." 
"Its fine, it's fine. Let's get going before I'm late." 
As they drove over Jodi asked, "What time is your meeting with the network?" 
"10 o'clock." 
"Will you be okay? Could they fire you or anything?" Jodi worried. 
"Well, they could simply not offer me a new contract when it comes up,, but I own the production company and the rights to the show, so they couldn't actually fire me." 
Bryce rested her hand on Jodi's leg. "Don't worry, everything will be fine. If worst comes to worst, I'll survive. I've made enough money through my salary, rights to the show in other countries and advertisements that I don't need to ever work again." 
"Really?" 
"Yeah, but don't worry. It won't come to that." 
"Will you call me when you get out of the meeting so I won't worry?" 
"Of course. Look, were nearly there. Are you sure you want to go in by yourself?" 
"Yes, I'll be fine. You'll just cause more attention." 
"Maybe." Bryce pulled over at the sidewalk. 
"Quick! Give me a kiss before the photographers notice?" asked Bryce. 
Jodi leaned over and kissed the big woman's lips. 
"Mmm. I'll never get enough of that." 
"I hope not, TV star! I better go. I'll miss you." 
"You too, Mama Smurf. Be careful, any problems, you just call me. I'll be here in a flash. I love you." 
Jodi smiled. "I love you too, honey. Well, here I go. Wish me luck!" 
Bryce watched as Jodi jumped out of the Jeep and made her way through the cameras. 
"To put up with that, you're definitely a keeper, baby." 



Jodi made her way into the diner in one piece and Ana helped her through to the back room. 
"Well Miss Bishop, you've been busy! This place has never seen so many customers." 
Jodi cringed. "I'm sorry about all this, Ana. It wasn't planned you know. We just met and connected and..." 
"Don't you worry, young lady. This place could do with a little livening up, and you've certainly done that. Ben is over the moon." 
"Oh... okay." 
"Listen, it'll be fine, but you should probably stay in the kitchen for a bit, just until things die down or you'll just get bothered all the time. We'll manage and look at it this way, you've probably saved our jobs. The diner couldn't have gone on much longer without an upturn in business. So you just enjoy yourself, okay? Are you happy?" 
Jodi beamed. "I've never been happier, Ana, she's wonderful, kind and Lindsey loves her." 
"Good. You deserve it. Now let me go and see to that rabble out there. I'll say one thing for reporters, they're great tippers!" 
The two women laughed. 



Kris met Bryce at the door to the studios. "Morning. How was everything today?" 
"Still crazy. So, do you think I still have a TV show?" Bryce asked, only half serious. 
"Of course you do. You're the biggest draw this network has, if they didn't have the advertising your show generates they'd be up shit creek!" 
Bryce laughed; it was so unusual to hear the older woman swear. 
"I guess so." 
"Oh, Mike said there's no need to head over to the network office, a video conference will be fine." 
"Hmm. Okay." S trange. I thought they wanted to bust my balls? 
They made their way to Bryce's office. "How's Jodi coping with it?" Kris asked. 
Bryce sat at her desk and said, "She was kinda freaked out at the start. It's a big spotlight to throw yourself and your child into, you know. I tried to get her to take time away from work and stay with me so I could protect her a bit,, but she's so independent, she insists it's too soon." 
"Well that's a good thing, Bryce; at least you know she's not with you for the fame and money." 
"I already knew that!" the big woman said a little too sharply. 
Bryce, you're like a daughter to me, and because of that it's my job to point these things out, no matter how much you don't want to hear it." 
Bryce looked up at her and smirked. "You're right. Do I have your approval then?" 
"You do. She seems like a good young girl and that daughter of hers is a poppet." 
"She is. I can't believe how much I love them both so much, so quickly. It was meant to be, I guess." 
"Your heart was just waiting on the right one. She'll be good for you, Bryce. You've been alone too long. You need looking after, maybe now I won't have to chase you to eat meals and get some sleep!" 
"Okay! Okay! I know I've got a good thing going and I'll make sure I don't mess it up. Let's head out and see the big bosses." 



Bryce answered the conference on her MacBook. "Royal! How you doing, buddy?" 
Mike Bishop, the network's head of entertainment, appeared on the screen. 
Well. This is different! 
"I'm fine, Mike. How are you?" 
"Just fine, just fine. Listen, I just wanted a quick word after this week's events." 
"Let me just stop you before you go any further, Mike. Jodi is my partner and is not negotiable. I will not stand for any pressure on my relationship from the network." 
"Whoa! Calm down there, Royal! It's nothing like that. Your private life is your business. The network would just like me to talk it over with you. We ran some polls with the viewers and your numbers are even higher than they were before. The audience loves the rags to riches story of the poor single mother swept off her feet by the knight in shining armor TV star. They're lapping it up!" 

"Okay? So what are you asking me to do?" Bryce knew there was something coming. 
"Nothing! Why would you think that?" the TV exec blustered. 
"Because you always have an angle, Mike." 
"There's no angle. We just wanted you to know we're fine with this relationship and you should feel free to mention your girlfriend during the show if you want." 
There it is. 
"You want me to use my relationship for publicity?" 
"No! How could you think that? We're just saying feel free to talk about her if you're so inclined. The public loves it!! We just didn't want you worried that you had to hide it." 
"I wasn't worried, Mike. It's my life and I know how important this show is to the network." 
Mike cleared his throat nervously. "Yeah we know that, Royal,, but it reflects well on the network, in this day and age... well you know." 

"Know what?" Bryce knew exactly what Mike meant. The network now had their very own lesbian poster couple. 
"Oh hell Royal! You know what I mean. Your kind of couple makes us look modern, in touch with things." 
"I do know what you mean. You've got your own lesbian couple just like all the other shows. I don't know, but I think I should be insulted." 
"Royal, give me a break okay?" 
"Okay. If it seems natural and right I will, but Jodi is a very private person so I have to respect her wishes." 
"Alright. We can live with that. I'll let you get back to business then. Bye Royal." 
"See ya, Mike." 
Well that was different! 


As it turned out, Bryce only made a mild reference to Jodi in the Friday show. Starting her show with the line, "Well. I don't know about you guys, but I've had a quite week! I've recently developed a craving for diner food." 
The audience whooped and laughed at being let in on the joke. 
The next few weeks went by quickly. The publicity didn't die down completely, as Bryce had tried to reassure her girlfriend it would, but the number of photographers did lessen and Jodi was becoming much better at handling them, getting on a first name basis with some and learning the lesson that if you gave them a shot they'd be more inclined to respect your privacy. 

Bryce and Jodi's relationship went from strength to strength, each spending as much time as possible with the other. They had yet to become intimate, Jodi wanting to wait for the right time, but shared some very heated kisses and touches that were becoming increasingly difficult not to take any further. To Bryce's delight Jodi and Lindsey spent every weekend with her. She had never been happier than when coming home from the studio to her two favorite girls. It felt like family. 
Jodi's work was becoming increasingly difficult. Ben had agreed to give her only day shifts, as Bryce insisted it wouldn't be safe to be alone at the diner at night now that she was so well known. Ben had eagerly agreed to any changes, as the customers Bryce and Jodi's notoriety was bringing in was saving the business. 

Bryce felt it couldn't go on forever though. Jodi had been relegated to working the kitchen after a few unsavory incidents with Bryce's more enthusiastic fans. A couple in particular had been quite unpleasant. They felt jealous at the young woman stealing Bryce away, as one put it. 
They still hadn't had a date night on their own, both being reluctant to leave Lindsey for the night, but they decided to take the opportunity of going to a film premiere that Bryce had been invited to on the coming Tuesday. Kris was having her grandchildren to stay and suggested that Lindsey could stay over with them. Jodi felt comfortable leaving her with Kris, after getting to know the woman over the past month and a half. 
The Saturday morning before the premiere, Bryce and Lindsey were sitting on the couch playing with Bryce's iPad, while waiting for Jodi as she got ready to go shopping. 
After initial reluctance, Jodi agreed to allow Bryce to buy her an outfit for the premiere. The young blonde realized she would never be able to afford something suitable and she didn't want to risk embarrassing Bryce. 
"Bry?" Lindsey looked up at her favorite playmate. 
"What is it Smurf?" 
"Me go to premer?" 
The big woman laughed gently at how the little girl struggled with the word. 
"I'm sorry Linds, this is a big person film., but I tell you what, the very next kid film that comes out, I'll get us tickets and take you out for a new outfit just like your Mama. How's that?" 
Lindsey jumped on Bryce's lap and threw her little arms around the big woman's neck. 
"Thank you Bry! I love you." 
Just then Jodi came out from the bedroom smiling. "Hey, what are all the loving cuddles about?" 
"Me and the Smurf just fixing up a date for the next kid film premiere." 
"Yeah, a date Mama." 
"Great, will you let me come too?" 
"Sure Mama. You come, too." Lindsey said seriously. 

Bryce stood and grabbed Jodi around the waist and growled into her neck. "I love you in these jeans, baby!" 
"I aim to please, honey. We ready to go?" 
"Yeah. I figured we take cabs so we didn't have to worry about parking. If you get the Smurfs coat on, I'll call down and ask Morris to grab us a one." 
Jodi pulled Bryce back by the arm. "Honey, are you sure you're going to be warm enough in this? I know were only just into October, but it's starting to get cold." 
Bryce had on a blue ski vest worn over a sweatshirt, with her usual beanie hat and designer jeans. 
The TV star felt a warm glow inside at the concern her girlfriend was showing. 
"Yes Mother! Hey, I'm naturally warm bloodied. Come on, baby girl." 



The three had an amusing cab ride. The Indian driver instantly recognized the tall woman and proceeded to list dares he thought she should do. 
Jodi smiled as she watched her girlfriend banter easily back and forth with the man, making him feel he was listened to and appreciated. 
"I'll be sure to mention that to the producers, buddy. Thanks for the ride," Bryce said, shutting the taxi door. 
"Boy! He could talk." She held onto Lindsey tightly as they walked away from the curb. 
"You weren't doing too badly yourself, honey. I don't understand how you can be so shy and then as soon as it has to do with work, you're like super confident." 
Bryce shrugged. "I don't know. Just happens I guess. So where do we start?" 
"I've never shopped on Fifth Avenue, Bryce," Jodi said. 
"I've never bought a dress here before, but there always seems to be nice ones in Gucci and Prada, oh and there's Saks." 
"Bryce..." 
The big woman saw the uncomfortable look on her girlfriend's face and wanted to put a stop to it right away. 

"Look, we've discussed this. You're going to a premiere, as my girlfriend, and for that you need the right outfit. I have no one else in this world to spend my money on, just let me treat you and Linds the way I want. Okay?" 
Jodi looked at the woman holding on to her little girl. She knew instinctively that her kindness was not about showing off or trying to control her,, but simply to care for both Lindsey and herself, and enjoy making them happy. 
"Okay. Lead on then." 
Bryce beamed and gave her a quick kiss on the lips. Just as she did a flash went off across the street. 
"They're never far away are they?" said Jodi, pulling away from the kiss. 
"I'm afraid not, but they won't get into the stores. Come on, Smurf!" Bryce lifted the little girl up onto her shoulders. 
"Yeah Bry! I like it up here." 
"I know, now you be a good girl while we find Mama a dress and I'll take you into F.A.O Schwartz for a toy." 
Lindsey hugged her arms round Bryce's neck a little too tightly. 
"Thank you Bry." 
Turning to Jodi, Bryce said. "I'll keep her up here so I know where she is, it gets very busy around here. Now let's start at Saks." 

They were casually looking through dresses when one of the sales assistants noticed Bryce. They were then whisked off to a personal shopper's area. Bryce and Lindsey got to munch on cookies, coffee and juice while dress after dress was brought to Jodi. The young woman put on a beautiful black dress and walked out to the couch area. 
"What do you think?" 
Bryce's heart seemed to pound faster each time Jodi walked out in a new dress. 
You were just born to wear these things. 
"I think it's beautiful, but I think all the dresses you've tried are beautiful. What do you think, Smurf?" 
"Rweally Pretty!" 
"Your daughter has good taste, Ms. Royal," Lisa, the personal shopper added. 
Bryce looked at Jodi, a little embarrassed. "Uh... no, Lindsey is Miss Bishop's daughter." 
"Oh, I'm so sorry. She just looks so much like you." 
Jodi beamed at Bryce. She was delighted others could see what she had seen from the very start. 

"Can I ask what you will be wearing, Ms. Royal?" asked Lisa. 
"Ah. Black three piece suit, white shirt." 
"Well may I suggest something other than black? It would be nice to have a contrast. I could put a few more selections together?" 
"I tell you what, we wanted to have a look around some other places, but why don't we take some of the dresses you liked, 'cause your gonna need them for other things we'll go to." 
Jodi was hesitant, but it did make sense. She wanted to look good on Bryce's arm. 
Does she realize these things are a couple of thousand dollars each? thought Jodi. 
"Okay. Thank you. Um... I think I'll take the black and the green ones." 
"May I suggest some lingerie selections for your choices?" Lisa asked. 
Oh yeah, she definitely could. They had yet to become fully intimate and the big woman hoped it was coming soon because just kissing and being close to Jodi was driving her crazy. At the same time she knew she had to show patience, Jodi was by nature very careful, especially after being burned by her ex, Danielle. 

What an idiot! Having Jodi, a pregnant Jodi at that, and letting her go. I will never give her any reason to leave me. I'm not that stupid. Nu uh! No way! 
Bryce's thoughts were interrupted by Jodi saying, "Bryce, is that okay?" 
"Oh sure, why don't the Smurf and I go look around the children's department while you get sorted. Just call me when you're ready and I'll meet you at the check out." 
"Okay. Lindsey, you be good for Bryce." 
"Yeah Mama." 
Jodi's heart melted as she watched the two happily trot off together. 


"Are you sure this is okay? I thought it would be the best place for Linds." 
They were sitting in TGI Fridays, just about to order. Bryce had met Jodi back at the checkout carrying a couple of bags of things for Lindsey. A few pairs of designer jeans, tops and some cute little Gucci snow boots. She didn't mention how much they cost. They then made their way to the Gucci store where Jodi found the perfect dress, an off-white strapless gown that gathered at the side. Jodi had such fun choosing and she had been treated so well, but she had no doubt that probably wouldn't have been the case if she had gone in herself. So now they found themselves in TGI's for lunch. 
"Of course it's okay for us honey, but is it for you? I mean you're always taking us to places to suit Linds, maybe you would have liked something better." 
"Nah, I'm a burger and fries type of girl like Lindsey here. Besides there'll be plenty of time for us to go to fancy restaurants." 
"Yes, I think we need that. I hope Linds gets on well with Kris and her grandchildren, if she does maybe we could do that again and have some alone time." 
"Yeah, Kris's great with kids. I'm sure she'll have a great time." 

After they placed their order, Jodi asked, "What are you doing? You know, I think it's attached to your hand." 
Bryce looked up from her phone with a cheesy grin. "I'm on Twitter telling everyone what a wonderful day I'm having." 
"Oh, what did you say?" 
"I said, Having a wonderful day, shopping with my two girls. " 
Jodi reached over and took Bryce's big hand. "You are just the sweetest person I have ever met. I don't know why you weren't snapped up years ago." 
"No one was you." Bryce lifted her hand and kissed it tenderly. 
"Is it that simple?" 
"Yes, it is to me. No one ever made me feel like you do. As soon as I started talking to you, I knew you were right for me. You don't mind me talking about you on this do you?" 
"No, I think it's nice that you want to be open about us." 
"Good. Cause I want to shout it from the rooftops!" 

They enjoyed a good meal with lots of laughs. Jodi was so glad Lindsey had her; the little girl had never had as much fun in her young life until she met Bryce. The big woman acted like a big kid and Lindsey loved it. 
All through the meal, people kept coming up asking for autographs and pictures. Sometimes Jodi forgot just how famous Bryce was, but she was always polite and respectful as long as they didn't take pictures that included Lindsey and herself. Lindsey at first thought it was fun, but then started to get a little jealous of seeing strangers taking her playmate's attention. 
"Bry?" Lindsey looked up from her ice cream sundae. 
"Yeah Smurf?" 
"Why those people always want to get a picture?" 
Bryce looked a little forlornly at Jodi. How do you explain fame to a little girl? "Well, uh..." 
Jodi jumped in. "You know that Bryce works on the TV, sweetie?" 
Lindsey nodded. "Well everybody watches Bryce's show and they really like it. So when they see her they're really excited, but you're lucky, you get to spend lots of time on your own with Bryce so it's not too bad to let some people talk to her for a few minutes is it?" 
Lindsey thought hard and when she realized she must be special to have so much of Bryce's time, she smiled smugly. 
"It's okay, Mama." 
"Good girl." Jodi patted her daughter's cheek. 
"Hey Linds, guess what I'm doing on the show this week?" 
"What?! What?!" 
"It's an eating challenge. I have to eat yucky stuff like insects and rat's tails and eyeballs." 
"Cool!!" she said excitedly. 
Jodi looked rather pale. "You're kidding me. You'd really do that?" 
"Yeah, it's my job." 
"Well forget kissing me with those lips after." 
"Aww Jodi! No kisses for your honey?" Bryce said in a baby voice. 
"No! Not one." 
Bryce lifted her hand and gently stroked down Jodi's arm, making her shiver, and then looked at her straight in the eyes. 
"Baby girl, you won't be able to resist me." 
Jodi lost herself in Bryce's gaze. Only to be interrupted by the server coming to clear their plates. 
"Can I get you anything else?" 
"No, thank you, just the bill," Bryce replied. 
They made their way back home, Bryce looking a lot like a packhorse under all their bags. 
Lindsey ran off to the bedroom to play with a toy Bryce had got her and Jodi took the opportunity of getting the dark haired woman alone. 
She pulled Bryce towards her and kissed her passionately. When they parted she said, "I need to thank you for a wonderful day. I've never had the chance to try on beautiful clothes like that, much less buy them. It was magical. And the clothes you bought Lindsey were so cute. You spoil us too much." 
"Jodi. I've worked hard, really hard, to achieve the career that I have, but for as much as I enjoy it, I would come back here to loneliness and silence. With you two in my life, everything is now joyful, a trip to the museum, a trip to the shops. I love to spend my money on you both, I now realize why being successful matters because I want to build a life with you two. A family. All that I've achieved was for a reason, so I could have the means to look after what I hope will be my family. I know you want to take things slow, but I know I want us to be together properly, with you both living here with me. And I promise you will never want for anything again." 
Jodi closed her eyes, taking in this emotional statement. "I want that too, we'll get there. It's just hard for me, I've been so independent for so long. Just give me some time." 
Leaning in for a kiss, Bryce said, "I'd wait forever, baby girl. I love you." 


Tuesday arrived. Jodi had gotten two days vacation from the diner so she could enjoy getting ready and not worry about work the next day. Her boss was only too happy to help these days because of the increased business due to her newfound celebrity. 
Bryce had picked them up Monday evening to stay over . 
While Jodi was relaxing in Bryce's big whirlpool tub, her partner was entertaining Lindsey in the game room. She could hear the squeals and laughter from there, even though Bryce had set some relaxing music to play through the bathroom speakers. 
Kris was coming over in the next hour to pick up Lindsey. The little girl didn't seem phased by going to stay with Kris and her grandkids, which surprised Jodi as the girl hadn't mixed much with other children,, but the prospect of getting to play with other kids had Lindsey very overexcited. 

In the other room, a game on the Xbox had descended into a tickle fight on the floor. 
"Bry! Ha! Ha! I beat you again!" Lindsey giggled uncontrollably. 
"You beat me, you little monkey! No one beats Bryce at a dare!" 
Jodi cleared her throat. 
Bryce looked up to see Jodi standing in the doorway, arms crossed, only in a robe with her hair tied up in a towel. 
Oh my god she looks adorable. What I wouldn't give to slowly open that... Agh! Don't go there! You'll drive yourself crazy. 
"Well, what are you two up to?" 
Lindsey jumped up and pulled her mother by the hand over to the TV. 
"Mama! I beat Bry's Dare!" 
"Oh? What was the dare?" 
"We were playing this soccer game on the Xbox and I told her it was Bryce's Dare and the little Smurf whipped my, butt!" 
Bryce turned to Jodi and winked. "Show your mama how to do it, Linds." 
The little girl stood in front of the large screen TV and kicked an invisible ball. On the screen, the soccer ball flew past the goalkeeper into the net. 
"Yeah! I score, Mama!" Lindsey squealed. 
"Well done, sweetie! Can Mama try?" 
Lindsey nodded. "Just kick it hard, Mama." 
Jodi looked down at the floor in front of her. "Where's the ball though?" 
"On the screen, baby. Look." Bryce lined her up with the ball on the screen. 
"Now kick." She did and the ball went sailing well over the bar. 
"Don't be sad, Mama. You'll do better." Lindsey patted her Mom, trying to make her better. 
"Yeah Mama Smurf. You just need practice," said Bryce smiling. 
Jodi playfully slapped her on the arm. "Hey goofy! You behave. Technology is amazing these days isn't it? Lindsey has never played a game consoles like you have and she has just picked it up in no time." 
"Kids are like that, it comes natural." 

The intercom buzzed. "That'll be Kris. I'll buzz her up." 
"Okay. I'll grab Lindsey's overnight bag." 
Bryce opened the door. "Hey Kris! Come in. Jodi's just getting Lindsey together." 
"No problem. Charlie's got the kids at home. We thought we'd go to a movie, then dinner and tomorrow maybe the aquarium." 
"That sounds great. Listen, use the company credit card for everything. Don't want you out of pocket for all that." 
Bryce had accounts set up for a few trusted members of the production company for expenses and such. Kris managed the account for Bryce and used it for sending gifts to guests, getting things for Bryce and any other expenses. 
"Bryce, there's no need, we were taking Jamie and Suzy out anyway." 
"Please, just use it and enjoy, you work so hard, you deserve it." 
"Well if you say so. Everything is set up for tonight. Your car will pick you up around 5:30. I'm glad I don't have to find you a date anymore!" the older woman joked. Bryce smiled warmly and said, "Me too. I'll just go and check on the girls." 
Bryce found Jodi zipping up Lindsey's winter coat. 
"Now remember sweetie, Mama put some money in your purse in your backpack if you want to buy anything." 
"It's okay Jodi; Kris is going to use the company credit card for everything. She thought they'd do a movie tonight then the aquarium tomorrow." 
"Yeah! See the fishes, Mama!" said Lindsey excitedly. 
"Oh. Are you sure?" Jodi sounded a little worried. 

"Yeah don't worry about anything. I'm sure it's tax deductible somewhere along the way." 
"How could a visit to the aquarium be tax deductible for The Bryce Royal Show?" Jodi smirked. 
The dark haired woman folded her arms across her chest and raised an eyebrow. 
"Research for a dare. "Bryce hand feeds raw meat to sharks?" 
"Yes. Whatever you say, honey. Okay. You got everything, Linds?" 
Suddenly Jodi's heart began to pound. It had always just been Lindsey and herself. Their lives were changing so fast and it was hard to let her daughter go off on her own. 
"Yeah Mama." 
"Okay, give me a hug. You do what Kris tells you, okay?" 
Bryce could see Jodi had tears welling up in her eyes. 
"Uh, why don't I take Lindsey out, Jodi?" 
"Yes. Thanks, I... think that would be best." 
"Have fun at the premere, Mama." 
"I will, sweetie." 

Lindsey walked off hand in hand with Bryce, and when they were out of sight, the tears began to fall. Within minutes, Bryce was back. "Well Lindsey went off as happy as a little piglet in mud... oh sweetheart. What's wrong?" She went straight over and took the young woman in her arms. 
Jodi cuddled into her chest. "I've never spent a night apart from her, its hard letting go. I know it's silly." 
"It's not silly. Since she was born it's been you and Lindsey against the world. It's gonna take time before you realize there are people to help you now, and me to love you." 
You're right. I'm so lucky to have found you." 
"Before you get dressed, I know something that will cheer you up." Bryce took her hand and guided Jodi to her own bedroom and got a black velvet rectangular box from a drawer. 
"Something to go with your outfit." Bryce looked down at her shoes shyly. 
"Bryce, what have you done?" 
"Just open it." 
Jodi opened the box to find a platinum necklace with a solitaire diamond. In the center was a pair of matching earnings. The young woman looked at the gift in silence. 
Bryce took the silence as displeasure. Shit! I knew it was too much. 
"Look. I'm sorry..." 
"No." Jodi looked up at Bryce with tears in her eyes. 
"I'm just overwhelmed. No one has ever cared for me the way you do. In such a short space of time, you have made me feel so loved. Thank you." Jodi moved over to her girlfriend and kissed her tenderly. "I'll treasure these forever." 
Bryce breathed a sigh of relief and pulled Jodi close. "I was afraid you'd think it was too much." 
"It's wonderful and I love you." Jodi put her hand underneath Bryce's t-shirt and stroked her hard abs. "I think tonight is going to be magical." She pulled back and walked away with a sway to her hips. At the door she stopped and turned to see Bryce say, "Argh! Your gonna kill me baby, I just know you are!" 
Jodi winked and said, "I'm going to get ready. I suggest you do too, TV star." 
I'm doomed! I know I am! 


Bryce sat in the living room waiting for her girlfriend while nursing a scotch. This had always been her tradition for events she attended in the past. The prospect of spending the evening in the company of some actress or TV personality that Kris chose never filled her with joy, making small talk was torturous. Tonight though, would be different. Bryce was excited about showing her girlfriend the bright lights and glamour of a showbiz event. 
From the hallway, Jodi watched Bryce lost in her thoughts. She looks so good. I hope I'm not a disappointment, Jodi thought. Her tall partner was wearing a three-piece black suit with a crisp white shirt. Her thick dark hair hung simply just below her collar. 
Jodi took a deep breath and walked into the room. "Bryce?" 
The big woman jumped up and turned. Her mouth hung open and she struggled to find the words to express how her girlfriend looked. 
Jodi took Bryce's silence as a negative. "If you don't like..." 
Bryce quickly walked over to her and said, "No. You look absolutely stunning. You take my breath away." Bryce peppered Jodi's neck with tiny kisses, her libido kicking into overdrive. "Oh you smell so good!" 
"Do you really like it?" 
Bryce took a step back and looked her up and down. The off-white dress clung to her curves in all the right places. 
"Baby girl, I will have the most beautiful woman on my arm tonight and be the envy of everyone one there." 
Jodi trailed her hand teasingly down the front of Bryce's chest, ending as she gave the big woman's belt a tug. "You look so handsome, honey; I could just eat you all up!" 
"Ugh!" Bryce moaned. "Don't say things like that when we have to leave in ten minutes!" 
Jodi giggled at the clearly exasperated woman. "Poor baby! Maybe I can do something about that later." 
Bryce growled as she kissed her way down her girlfriends arm. Jodi loved the effect she could have on this big powerful woman. 
"Honey could you get me a drink? I could use some Dutch courage before facing that red carpet!" 
"Sure. What would you like? Whiskey, vodka, wine, champagne?" Bryce asked, walking to the kitchen. 
"You have all that?" Jodi followed her to the kitchen. 
"Yeah. I like making cocktails and stuff. I'm not good at cooking, but I am good with drinks." 
"Um... how about vodka, soda and lime?" 
"Okay, give me a sec." Bryce got the drink together with a flourish. 
Jodi took a sip. "Hmm. Nice. I'd love to try some of your cocktails another time." 

"Sure thing." 

The door buzzer rang. "That'll be the car." Jodi looked nervous as she gulped down the last of her drink. 
Bryce took Jodi's hands in hers. "Listen, you'll be fine. I'll look after you, just stick close and remember to enjoy yourself. I know I go on about not liking the showbiz lifestyle, but going with you will be fun. Think of it as our coming out party." 
"Okay. I'll try. I just feel like I have a school of fish swimming around in my stomach. Let's go, TV star!" 


The long black limousine pulled up outside the Ziegfeld Theatre. Jodi gripped Bryce's hand tightly as she heard the muted noise of the crowd and cries of the photographers. 
While they were still in the quiet bubble of the car, Bryce took the opportunity to prepare her girlfriend for what was to come. 
"When the door opens, noise and sound are gonna hit you. Just hold onto me and I'll guide you in. We have to stop for the photographers. Just smile and remember that I love you more than anything." Bryce leaned over and kissed her softly on the lips. 
"I won't let you down, honey." 
"You never could. Ready to face the masses?" 
Jodi took a deep breath. "As I'll ever be!" 
Bryce knocked on the partition in front of them and within seconds the door was opened. 

A wall of noise and flashes hit Jodi. Oh my god! The young blonde's heart pounded in her chest. She felt herself pulled from the car and suddenly they were there, in the thick of it. Shouts and calls seemed to come from everywhere. 
"Bryce! Over here! Jodi!" Bryce stood with her arm protectively around Jodi's waist. 
What was it Bryce said to remember? Oh yeah, smile. She could do that. Oh, God! Julia Roberts was like ten feet away from her. 
Sensing her girlfriend's tension, Bryce whispered. "Breath, baby, breath. You're doing great." 
"Bryce! Bryce! Kiss her! Come on!" The photographers shouted. 
"Why do they want you to kiss me?" 
"Money, baby. We're in the news every day of the week, practically. A picture of us at our first event together will be worth big bucks. They're not getting it, though. Come on I need to go over and sign a few autographs." 
They walked over to where the fans were waiting behind barricades. 
The yells and screaming were unbelievable. Arms with pens were thrust under Bryce's nose, while security guards kept them from grabbing the star too much. 
"Bryce, I love you!" Lots of voices screamed. "Marry me, Bryce!" Came others. 
Men had pictures taken with her in an arm wrestling pose. 
One girl grabbed Bryce around the neck and managed to kiss her on the cheek before the security guard pulled her off. In between all this, TV stations stuck microphones out to her, firing off question after question, some aimed at Jodi, but Bryce took charge and fielded them for her. 
Until this moment, Jodi had never fully grasped how famous Bryce was. Women seemed to love her and guys thought she was cool. She suddenly felt so inadequate. 
Bryce looked around and saw that Jodi looked a little unsure. 
"Sorry guys, I'll need to go in now. Thanks for coming down." 
She is so good with the public. She smiles and chats, no matter what people ask. It was hard for Jodi to reconcile this person to the goofy big oaf who was lost for words most of the time. 
Bryce steered them into the foyer. "You okay, baby? You did really well." 
Jodi looked shell-shocked. "I'm fine, I think. It was a bit off a blur. Oh, and come here." She wiped the lipstick off the big woman's cheek. 
"Oh yeah. I'm sorry about that." Bryce said sheepishly. 
"You're lucky I was in a state of shock or I might have clawed her eyes out." 
"Grr! Easy, Mama Smurf." Secretly Bryce's heart swelled at the thought of her girlfriend being a little jealous. 
They were shown to their seats and finally Jodi could relax a little. 
After the film they went to the after party. In the past, Bryce usually skipped these events, but tonight she was delighted to show off her new girlfriend. 

The champagne was flowing and, as she had eaten very little, the alcohol was making Jodi much more relaxed. Lots of people approached Bryce. Producers, directors, other actors, and even the star of the evening, Julia Roberts, came up to say hello. Jodi had been very star struck, but was so happy that the film star was everything she hoped, friendly and open. Through it all, Bryce never let go of her and even if she was deep in conversation, she would gently stroke her thumb over Jodi's knuckle as they held hands, just to show affection. 
While Bryce spoke with a producer about an up and coming project, Jodi spoke to his wife. At first she had been a bit intimidated by the glamorous brunette, but was delighted to find her a charming and friendly woman. 

"How are you coping with your first trial by cameras?" 
"It was a little overwhelming, but what shocked me the most was just how famous Bryce is. Girls were screaming for her more than some of the hunky actors. Men wanted to shake her hand. It was strange, I mean all those girls couldn't have been gay." 
"Well done, you've worked out why every TV company and producer, like my husband, wants to work with her. The TV audience loves her. She holds a unique talent of appealing to both sexes equally. Guys love her stunts and would like to have a beer with her and women, straight or gay, love her. She's every straight woman's girl crush. Bryce's got that, butch handsome thing going on, and just seems to exude a kind of raw sexuality women just love. Maybe it's the scary stunts, or the fact that she's quiet and isn't in the papers with a string of girls, I don't know. She's a star and I'd have been fighting you for her if I were ten years younger and not happily married. You're a lucky woman." 
At that moment, Bryce turned round and flashed Jodi a toothy grin. 
"Oh I know. She's perfect to me." 
Chapter 4

On the way back in the limo, the couple couldn't keep their hands, or their lips, off each other. 
"Oh god baby, I want you so much," Bryce told Jodi between kisses, her voice deep and husky with lust. 
Jodi pulled back and looked seriously into her girlfriend's eyes. 
"I want you, too." Jodi's hand had managed to make it under Bryce's shirt where her fingers were caressing the big woman's hard stomach, making Bryce's lust rise to dangerous levels. 
"Bryce, I know I've made you wait, but I just wanted everything to be right." 
"It's okay baby, I understand. I told you, I can wait for as long as you need." 

"No, I don't want to wait any longer. I love you with all my heart and I want to make love with you." 
Bryce turned and knocked on the privacy screen. "Step on it, buddy!" 
Jodi dissolved in laughter. "You are such a goof!" 
"Yeah,, but I'm your goof. Come here!" 


They finally made it through the door, as Bryce had to try and unlock the door while an amorous Jodi kissed her. 
Now that they were home, reality set in and they both felt a little shy. 
To break the tension, Bryce suggested that Jodi change into something more comfortable while she got some champagne. 
Bryce put her jacket over the back of a chair, opened the fridge and pulled out a bottle of Louis Roederer Cristal Rose champagne. The few times Bryce had made love during her life had been awkward and uneventful. Always being shy around women and never feeling a connection with them made it hard to fully enjoy the experience. 
She lifted the tray with glasses and champagne, then had an idea and grabbed a bowl of strawberries from the fridge. 


In the bedroom, Jodi was just as nervous. She had slipped out of her dress and put on a black negligee. She was trying to figure out where to place herself on the bed before Bryce walked in. I bet those actresses I saw salivating over Bryce earlier wouldn't be this nervous! Jodi, that's enough. Buck up! If she wanted them in her bed she would have them. She wants you. She loves you. Just do what comes naturally. 
Bryce walked through the bedroom door and stopped dead when she saw Jodi sitting there in black silk. 
"Wow! You look... Just wow!" 
"Thank you. Is that champagne I see?" she asked shyly. 
When Bryce didn't reply and stood like a statue holding on to the tray with a vicelike grip, Jodi said, "Bryce?" 
Uh? What did she say? Um... .pull it together, Royal! Champagne! That's it. 
"Yeah, it's rose, I hope you like it, and I brought strawberries," she said putting the tray on the side table. She poured out the champagne and popped a strawberry in each glass. 
"I feel quite decadent," said Jodi. 
"It's special. I've never shared champagne with anyone like this, or my room." 
Bryce was struggling to keep her eyes away from Jodi's breasts; they were ample, round and perfectly matched Jodi's curvaceous body. Bryce was a breast woman and when they were making out she had always paid particular attention to them. Now only a piece of lace separated her from touching them and her mouth watered at the thought. 
Jodi smiled noting where her girlfriend's eyes were glued. "Your bedroom is nice." 
"Uh thanks. I just had a decorator do the whole place. As long as it has a big bed and a TV on the wall, I'm happy." 
"Maybe a little sparse," Jodi added, trying not to sound nervous. 

"Well maybe you could give me some pointers." Bryce lifted the strawberry from her glass and put it to Jodi's lips. When the blonde went to bite it, Bryce pulled it out of her reach and popped it in her own mouth. She then picked up another, dipped it in champagne and held it out, teasing Jodi with it. 
The blonde's heart began to thud in her chest as she realized the game had started. She locked eyes with Bryce's steely blue ones. 
"You're not going to give me what I want?" 
"You need to ask yourself what it's going to take to get what you want." 
Bryce watched as her girlfriend seductively began to raise the negligee up her body, finally releasing the breasts that had been taunting Bryce. She then lay on the big bed and patted the side to beckon Bryce over. The pounding that had been in her chest was now migrating south. 
Oh shit! She called my bluff! Well, you did ask what it would take. Bryce, still dressed, kicked off her shoes and lay down beside Jodi, leaning above the blonde. She took the champagne covered strawberry and painted Jodi's lips with the liquid. The young woman moaned and her tongue snaked out, licking the cool drink from her lips. 

Bryce trailed the fruit from Jodi's neck down to her chest and began circling Jodi's hard nipples with the dripping fruit. 
Bryce's mouth watered at the sight of the liquid dripping down her girlfriend's breasts. It took everything in her not to pounce on them herself. Instead, Bryce dipped the fruit in more champagne and continued her journey down Jodi's stomach until the liquid pooled in her belly, button. As the blonde's moans increased, Bryce couldn't hold back any longer and traced her tongue around Jodi's navel, finally indulging in the liquid. "Ugh! Bryce, please come up here. I need you." 
The big woman did as she was asked and held the strawberry over Jodi's lips. "Bite," Bryce ordered. 
Jodi did, savoring the taste of the plump fruit. She was then offered the champagne. "Drink." Bryce let a little spill over, then put the glass down and attacked the glistening lips. 

Bryce's hands were everywhere, stroking, touching and squeezing. The moans were increasing from both women. 
"Honey, take these off. I need to feel you." 
The big woman jumped up and started to strip off her clothes, never once taking her eyes off the blonde. 
Jodi watched every movement as Bryce slowly unbuttoned her crisp white shirt and pulled it off. To Jodi, Bryce's body was perfect. Where Bryce loved the soft curves and ample breasts of a feminine woman, Jodi adored Bryce's hard and muscular body with broad shoulders, small breasts and long powerful legs. 
The look in her dark haired partner's eyes was hungry and feral, and made Jodi's sex clench in anticipation. The thought of being taken by this big woman was almost too much to bear. 
Opening her belt buckle slowly, Bryce said, "I want you so much,, but I want you to know how much this means to me. I love you more than anything in the world, Jodi Bishop." 
Jodi lifted her hand and beckoned the now naked Bryce towards her. 
"I know. I have never loved anyone like I love you, Bryce. Make love to me." 
The big woman obliged by taking her place on top of Jodi. When their skin came together, they both moaned and quickly found each other's mouths. Bryce had waited so long to be granted the privilege of touching Jodi, so she was determined to show the young woman how much she was desired and adored. Jodi moaned as Bryce kissed and bit and nipped down her throat. From the noises Jodi was making and the grip pulling her head down harder, Bryce realized her girlfriend liked her lovemaking a little rougher. So she bit down harder, leaving the marks that would claim the blonde as her own. 
The kisses drifted lower until Bryce's lips were finally where they wanted to be, locked around Jodi's nipple. 
"Oh Bryce! Ugh! Harder." 
Bryce bit down harder. "Yes! Like that. Oh God!" 
Moving to the neglected breast, Bryce swirled her tongue and sucked as much of her girlfriend's breast as she could, moaning and feeling the constant throb deep in her own sex. 
"Honey please, come up here. I need to look at you." 
Bryce made her way up. "Anything,, but let me love you." Jodi nodded and as their mouths and tongues came together again, the young woman felt Bryce's long fingers part her folds and stroke along the length of her. 
"Oh baby! You're so wet." Bryce looked deep into her girlfriend's eyes. "I need to be inside of you. Please let me," she begged. 
"I need you deep inside me. Take me, I'm yours." 

Bryce whimpered as Jodi opened her legs wider in invitation. As Bryce slid two fingers inside her girlfriend, they both moaned. "Oh God, baby. You feel so good." 
Jodi felt Bryce begin a gentle thrust. It felt good, not only to have Bryce inside her,, but to feel the reassuring weight of being pinned down by her girlfriend. 

"Bryce, at the same time. I want us to come together." Bryce nodded and Jodi felt her partner's slick heat as she repositioned herself. 
Bryce began to thrust against her girlfriend and Jodi marvelled at the look of utter lust in Bryce's eyes. "Oh shit! I won't be able to hold on that long, baby." 
"Me... neither, just love me. I need you... oh god Bryce, fuck me Bryce!!" 
The big woman growled and began to thrust faster, letting her thumb graze Jodi's hard nub. The young woman gripped Bryce's back tightly, sinking deeper into Bryce's skin. 
Feeling the beginnings of Jodi's orgasm around her fingers only served to bring Bryce closer to the brink. 
"Shit. I'm gonna come, baby," Bryce cried. 
"Yes! Come with me now, honey!" Jodi felt the scream rise in her throat and her body shook with the force of her orgasm. 
Bryce thrust wildly against her and came with a shout, "Agh! Fuck!" She collapsed against Jodi trembling. The emotion they both felt left them drained. Bryce lay there, still trembling and softy repeating, "Shit! I love you. I love you. I need you so much." 
Jodi wrapped her arms around the big woman's neck and pulled her as tight as she could. "Sh! It's okay, honey. I'm here, and I love you. I've got you." 
It didn't surprise Jodi that Bryce responded with such feeling. To the public, she was a big tough TV star,, but where emotions were concerned she was vulnerable and needed reassurance; the reassurance that only Jodi could give her. 
Bryce looked into her eyes, still trembling. "I'm sorry baby. I've never felt anything like that in my life. It was like I wasn't just inside your body,, but your soul. I've never had this sort of connection before." 
Jodi cupped Bryce's face in her hands. "Don't ever be sorry for showing me what's in here." She rested her hand over Bryce's heart. 
"I feel privileged that you can be yourself with me." 
Bryce kissed her deeply, pouring as much love into it as she could before pulling away and saying, "I love you, Jodi. You and Lindsey are my life. I'm going to do everything I can to make sure you never leave me." 
"I won't, honey. Ever." She pulled Bryce to her chest and gently stroked her back until her partner's breathing evened out and they both fell into a peaceful slumber. 


Bryce had been awake for a while, content with gazing at Jodi as she slept cuddled up to her side, and gently stroking her blonde hair. 
She'd never woken up happier in her life. This young woman had turned her life upside down in such a short space of time. Jodi had given her love, a taste of family life. And she wanted more. She needed to find a way to make her girlfriend realize that this going slow business was no good. 
Jodi's eyes fluttered open. "Hmm! Morning, TV star." 
"Morning, baby girl," said Bryce, kissing her gently on the forehead. 
Jodi stretched and rolled on top of her partner. "How long have you been awake?" 
"Half hour or so." 
"You should have woken me," Jodi yawned. 
"Nah. I just wanted to lie here and look at you." Bryce stroked her girlfriend's face. 
"You're not going for a run?" 
"You think after last night I would leave you in this warm bed? I might be goofy, Mama Smurf,, but I'm not stupid!" 
Jodi laughed and kissed her partner's lips teasingly. 

"Jodi, last night was... was the best night of my life and I've never been happier." 
"Mine too. I didn't ever think I could be this close to someone again. Be loved the way you love me, and the way you are with Lindsey... well she just adores you." 
Bryce grinned and rolled Jodi onto her back. "I want this all the time, I want us to be a family. I know you keep saying that we need to take things slowly, but I know what I want. I want you and Lindsey here with me. Live with me, I can look after you both. Surely you know I won't let you down. I know you've been hurt and even though we haven't known each other a long time, you know me. We share the same hopes and dreams, the same values. Trust in me, I'm not going to walk away from you," Bryce implored. 
"I know and I do trust you. I want to be with you always and I want us to be a family and make a home together,, but this is your first relationship and it's a lot to ask of you to go from being single with no responsibilities to, in a few short months, having a family depend on you. Give me a little more time, okay? I love you. We will have everything you want, I promise." 
Bryce sighed, "I can be patient. You and Linds are worth it." 
Jodi, stroking Bryce's face said, "You are the sweetest, cutest TV star in the world!" 
"Thank you. Now kiss me!" 
"Don't you want me to make breakfast?" Jodi asked as her partner attacked her neck. 
"Later. First I want to taste every single part of your body until you scream! Grrr!" Bryce began to kiss her way down her girlfriend's body until her tongue reached its goal. 
"Oh god, Bryce! Ugh! You are never leaving this bedroom!" Jodi felt Bryce chuckle against her sex. 


The couple did manage to tear themselves away from the bedroom long enough for Jodi to make them breakfast, and they now sat at the kitchen table having eaten the French toast Jodi made them. Bryce sat grinning, head resting on her hand, watching Jodi drink her coffee. 
"What?" 
"Nothing. I'm just happy and I love looking at you." 
"Bryce Royal, you're a charmer. I don't know how you didn't have a string of women before me." Bryce reached across the table and took the young woman's hand. 
"None of them were you. You're the difference. You're what I've been waiting for my whole life." 
"I have to tell you, last night was amazing. It's never been like that for me before," Jodi said sadly. 

"Danielle was my first. At the beginning it was nice,, but just nice. Then, as time went on she became a little selfish, taking what she wanted from me. It became a chore. She said I bored her, that's why she cheated on me." Jodi felt Bryce's anger rise as her grip tightened on Jodi's hand. 
"But she never touched me like you do, you make me feel treasured and worshipped." 
"That's because you are, baby girl." Bryce lifted Jodi's hand to her lips. "It is an honor kiss to touch kiss to taste you." Kiss . 
Jodi smiled. "I think we were made for each other and I'm never going to stop wanting to touch you,, but I want this to never change. I want us to be open and talk. If there is anything you'd ever like to try? Fantasies? Just tell me." 
"Oh, I have lots of fantasies,, but there is one thing I would like to try with you. I've always wanted to,, but I've never been with anyone I've felt comfortable with. If you don't like it, it's okay. I know some women don't and I won't..." 
Exasperated Jodi said, "Bryce! Just tell me." 
Bryce moved her chair closer and began to whisper in Jodi's ear. Slowly a smile began to form on Jodi's face. "I really like that and I can't wait to try it with you, in as many ways as possible." 
Bryce beamed, suddenly very excited. "Really? You do? You would?" 
"Yes! In fact," Jodi started kissing down the big woman's neck "the very thought is making me want you all over again. Tell you what, why don't we discuss it in the shower?" 
She stood and walked towards the bathroom slowly, swaying her hips teasingly. 
"Come on, TV star! Do you want me to start without you?" 
"Shit! You've got some internet shopping to do, Royal., but later. Much later," she said to herself as she jumped up and chased after her girlfriend. 


Bryce was sitting at the kitchen table on her MacBook while Jodi was cooking dinner, waiting for Lindsey to return home. 
"Hey baby! Come look at this." Jodi put down the chopping knife and walked behind Bryce's chair, draping her arms over the big woman's shoulders and kissing her cheek before looking at the screen. The first pictures of us last night are on the net, look." 
Jodi smiled. "What a good looking couple we make. Will you keep that up to show Linds?" 
"Sure, look." She opened a second window and afterellen.com popped up. The main headline read, 'Millions of lesbian's hearts broken as Bryce Royal steps out with new girl.' Below was a picture of them on the red carpet. 

Jodi nuzzled into Bryce's neck. "Hmm. They can stay broken as well. You're taken and I've got the marks on my neck to prove it." 
Bryce growled and pulled Jodi onto her lap. "I'm all yours baby girl and you're mine, don't you worry about that." The big woman kissed her thoroughly, her tongue probing deeply into her mouth. 
Needing air, they pulled away. "Mmm, I can't get enough of you. If we weren't expecting the Smurf back, I'd be dragging you back to bed. There are so many things I want to do to you, and with you. You inspire me." 
Jodi laughed. "I'm willing to give you my body for research proposes." 
"Thank you. I... uh, did a little shopping on the web while you were busy in the kitchen," Bryce said with a sly look on her face. 

"Oh? Would this shopping have anything to do with what we discussed earlier?" Jodi began a teasing caress on her girlfriend's stomach. 
Bryce shivered as love bumps appeared on her arms. "Maybe. The packages should be delivered in a few days." 
"I can't wait, honey. I better go and finish dinner before you get me any more excited. Lindsey should be back soon." As she stood, Bryce smacked Jodi on the, butt. 
Jodi's head whipped around and she said, "Down boy!" 
"I can't help it! Your ass just sways and tempts me all the time. What do you expect?" 
Jodi put an extra sway in her step as she walked away. 

"So what are we having?" Bryce shouted towards the kitchen. 

"Mac and cheese, fresh garlic bread and caesar salad." 
"Yum. All from scratch? Doesn't garlic bread come in packets?" 
"Honey! You really need looking after. Fresh crusty bread,, butter and garlic. I don't know how you manage the training you do when you eat so much junk!" 
"Vitamins and protein shakes. Have you always enjoyed cooking?" 
"Yeah. When I spent my summers and holidays with my grandma, we'd spend every day cooking, baking and making cookies. There was always a smell of baking and warmth and love in that kitchen. Something my mother didn't understand." Jodi stared off into the distance. 
"It's all I've ever wanted, a big loving family. My dream is a big kitchen full of family coming and going." 
I'm going to give you your dreams, baby. Everything and more, determined Bryce. 

The buzzer rang. "That'll be Kris and Lindsey." Bryce got up to buzz them in. 
Lindsey bounced through the door. "Bry! Mama! I missed you!" She jumped into Bryce's arms for a hug, as Jodi made her way over. 
"We missed you too, Smurf!" 
"Did you have a good time?" Her mother asked as she gave her a kiss. 
"Yeah! Ouzy and Damie take me to see the sharks! They scary, Mama. I got a cuddly one, look!" Lindsey showed her stuffed toy to them. 
Turning to Kris, Jodi asked, "How was she?" 
"She was great, such a polite little girl. She fell in love with Suzy and Jamie," said the older woman. 
"I'm glad, she hasn't been around other kids much." 
"Well, we'll need to take them with us the next time we do something," said Bryce. 
"They were a joy to look after. Did you two have fun?" 
Bryce beamed and Jodi smiled warmly. "We had a lovely time. It was bit scary at first, but I relaxed eventually." 
Kris noted the new closeness between Bryce and Jodi. 

"Good, I'm so glad you finally had fun at one of these things," Kris said to Bryce. 
"It smells great in here, what are you cooking?" 
"Oh mac and cheese, Caesar salad and garlic bread. I thought I should feed her before we leave." 
"I'm glad she has someone else to make sure she eats now!" 
"Hey, don't gang up on me you two!" Bryce pouted. 
"Well, I better scoot. I'll see you at work tomorrow, Bryce." 
"Sure. Thanks so much for looking after Lindsey for us." 
"She's no bother." 
"Linds come and say thank you to Kris." 
Lindsey ran over and cuddled Kris's legs. "Thank you, Kris! I had fun!" 
"You're very welcome, sweetie. Bye then." 

Bryce saw Kris out and Jodi scooped up her little girl. "So you had fun, Linds?" 
"Yeah, but I missed you and Bry." 
"I know, but we're going to have dinner with Bryce before we go home later, okay?" 
"Why can't we stay here, Mama? I want to be with Bry." 
Jodi turned and looked at Bryce. Her big partner stood, arms folded, waiting for Jodi's answer. She obviously agreed with Lindsey. 
"Mama has to work tomorrow, so we can't." 
"But..." 
"No Lindsey! We have to go home," Jodi said with a sharp edge to her voice. 
Trying to keep the little girl happy, Bryce said. "Hey Linds. Want to see a picture of your Mama at the big film premiere last night?" 
"Yeah!" 
"Come on then." Bryce grabbed the little girl and turned her upside down. Lindsey giggled as Bryce carried her over to the kitchen table by the ankles. 
"Bry! Let me up!" 
"Okay. Sit on my knee." She opened the web page on the laptop. "Look how beautiful your Mama is?" 
"Mama! You look really pretty!" 
"Thank you, sweetie. Why don't you and Bryce set the table for me?" 
"Sure thing, Mama Smurf." Bryce winked at her. 
Oh Bryce. I'm so in love with you, it scares me, thought Jodi. 


Bryce, Jodi and Lindsey sat enjoying their meal a little later. "Mmm, this is so good, Jodi." 
"Good, Mama," Lindsey agreed. 
"I'm glad you both like it." It warmed Jodi's heart to sit around the table sharing a meal with the two people she loved most in the world. 
"So, is it all days for you again this week?" 
"Yes. I promised I'd stick to days, didn't I?" Jodi said defensively. 
They'd had many discussions about Jodi's job; it was becoming more and more difficult with her new notoriety. 
"I know. I'm just thinking of your safety; you can't even work out front anymore without being hassled. I'm sorry my life makes things difficult for you," Bryce said sadly. 
"I'm sorry. I know things are getting more and more difficult and you're only thinking of my safety, but I need to work until it becomes impossible." 
Bryce decided to shut up and not ruin the rest of their time together, so she simply nodded. 
"What are you doing tomorrow?" 
"It's a lighter week so I don't really have to practice anything; just write some sketches and my monologue. Because it's Halloween, we're having a special dare. It's spooky! You sure you want to know, Linds?" 
"Tell me! Tell me!" Lindsey clapped her hands. 
"Well, Thursday night I have to do an overnight in one of the most haunted places in New York. It's a large estate on Long Island. I'm doing the challenge with Steve Jones, you know, the country singer?" 
Jodi nodded. 

"Well the house and grounds are reputedly haunted, so we're going to have a walk around the house, talking about some of the ghost stories, then..." 
Bryce stopped and looked worriedly at Lindsey's little face. 
"I don't know if I should say... you know, in front of the kid." 
"It can't be that bad. Go on." 
"Well... it's called Dark Terror. The crew is going to place two coffins underground and we'll both get placed in the coffins with the lids shut. It'll be pitch black inside and the side panels will be opened for rats to swarm in. We have to try and stay as long as possible. Our charities get money for every hour we spend underground." 
"Oh my God! Is that safe? How will you breathe?" 
"It'll be okay, baby. Air is piped into the coffin from outside." 
"I'm glad I won't have to watch you do that. It sounds terrifying! I'll be so worried for you." 
"Don't let the ghosties get you, Bry!" Lindsey cuddled into her side. 
"Hey guys. I'll be fine! I am Bryce Royal, you know. It's what I do," she said with a smile. 
"There's the TV star I know and love!" They giggled. 
"Honestly, it'll be fine. It gives me an easy working week and Saturday night I'll just have one challenge since the dare will be pre-taped." 
"You be like Scooby Doo!" 
"Yeah. Just like Scooby Doo, Smurf." Turning to Jodi she said, "That was delicious, baby." 
"Thank you, honey. I better get cleaned up and get Lindsey home." 
"I'll help. Lindsey, I'll put on the TV for you while Mama and I clear up, okay?" 
Lindsey nodded and trotted off to sit on the couch. 


Bryce had dropped Jodi and Lindsey off earlier; it was getting harder and harder for the couple to leave each other, especially when Jodi knew how lonely Bryce was without them. 
Lindsey had gone down easily after an exciting few days, and Jodi was reading in bed when she heard her phone beep. Although it had been difficult accepting the expensive gift, she loved being in such close contact with her partner. Bryce would send her texts and picture messages during the day and it really made her feel loved. She picked up the phone and read, Hey baby girl. I'm just lying here thinking about you and really missing you. The two days we just spent together were magical. I love you more than anything in the world. I want to make your dreams come true, if you'll let me. Sleep well. Your goofy TV star.xx 

Jodi typed out her reply. 

You make me want to cry when you say things like that. I miss you too, honey. Sleep well. I love you. Goodnight. Your baby girl.xx 

After sending, she turned out the light and settled down to sleep. 
An hour later, a noise woke her. Sounds like the front door rattling. 
Jodi's heart pounded as she grabbed her phone from the bedside table and opened her bedroom door. She could see the doorknob moving and rattling as if someone were trying to force their way in. 
Without thinking, she ran into Lindsey's room. She locked the door behind her and lifted Lindsey into her arms. 
"Wh... what's wrong, Mama," Lindsey asked sleepily. 
In a hushed voice she said, "Sh! I need you to be as quite as a mouse, okay." 
The rattling got louder. "What's dat noise, Mama!" panic entered the little girl's tone. 
"I think someone might be trying to get in the house. Don't worry, sweetie. Be brave for Mama." Jodi was terrified. She heard the front door burst open and someone going through her things. Her hand shaking, she pressed Bryce's number in her contacts. 


Bryce had drifted off looking at her iPad. She jumped when her phone rang and everything fell off the bed. "Fuck!" 
When she saw Jodi and Lindsey's picture come up on the screen, she scrambled to answer. 
"Hello! Jodi?" 
All was quiet on the line, then she heard Jodi whisper, "Bryce, there's someone in the apartment! I've locked myself in Lindsey's room. They're smashing up the living room! I don't know what to do!" Bryce could hear how terrified her girlfriend was. 
"Oh shit! I'm coming over, Jodi. Just hold onto Lindsey. Fuck!" 
Bryce tripped over her jeans trying to put them on. 
"Sit tight. I'm on my way. I'm going to hang up and call the police. I love you, baby." 
"I love you, Bryce, please hurry!" 
"Just hold Lindsey tight!" 
Bryce grabbed her leather jacket and ran out the door, dialling 911 as she went. 
Fuck! If anybody touches them I'll rip their head off! Bryce felt physically sick as she rushed down to the parking garage while phoning the police. 
The police were on their way as she jumped into the jeep and sped off. 


"Mama! I'm scared!" Jodi held Lindsey tight and stroked her hair as tears ran down the little girl's face. 
"Shh, be nice and quiet for Mama, okay? Bryce's on her way with the police." 
The bangs and smashes from the living area got louder and louder. It sounded as if someone was taking a hammer to everything. 
"Me want Bry, Mama!" 
"I know, Linds. Be a brave girl." She rocked her daughter trying to calm her. 
Jodi had propped a chair up against the door knob to make it even harder for the intruder. There wasn't much she could use as a weapon in Lindsey's room, but she had grabbed a stool and she knew if it came to it, she would die trying to protect her little girl. 
The bangs stopped and she heard footsteps going towards her bedroom, and then the noise started up again as the intruder smashed up her room. 
Please, Bryce! Please get here in time. 
The noise stopped again and the footsteps got closer and closer. Jodi's heart sank as the doorknob to Lindsey's room began to twist and she could hear the lock being broken into. 
She put Lindsey on the bed behind her, picked up the stool and said, "Lindsey, whatever happens, stay behind Mama, okay?" 
"I scared, Mama!" 
"I love you, Lindsey. I love you, Bryce, with all my heart." 


Bryce's jeep came screeching to a halt outside of Jodi's building. She could see from the other cars that the police had arrived. 
She ran up the stairs two at a time, sheer panic seizing her gut. She was stopped on the landing by cops guarding the door. 
"You can't come in here, Miss, it's a crime scene." 
"Jodi called me. I'm her girlfriend! Let me through!" 
"Are you Bryce Royal?" he asked excitedly. 
"Yeah, now let me in!" She tried to push her way through the two policemen. 
"Sorry, can't do that Ma'am." 
Bryce ran her hand through her dark hair. "Look, contact Sergeant Zach Stacy and Detective Theo Wooder, they'll vouch for me. Jodi! Lindsey!" she shouted over their shoulders. 
Zach Stacy came to the door. "What's going on, officers?" 
"This woman insists on getting in. Says she's the victim's girlfriend." 
"Victim? Shit! Zach let me in. Please." 
"Let her through officers." Bryce entered the living area and was shocked at how smashed up the place was. Everything was either broken or ripped. 
"Oh my God. Jodi?" 
"Don't worry, Bryce. Everything's fine. They're just in the bedroom talking to one of the officers." 
Jodi burst out of the bedroom with Lindsey and ran into the big woman's arms. 
"Oh Bryce. Thank God." 
"I'm here. It's okay now." She pulled back to check them over, their faces were stained with tears. 
Lindsey stretched her arms out, wanting Bryce to cuddle her. "Bry, I scared. Bad man scare Mama and me. Stay with us, Bry." Bryce squeezed her tight in one arm while keeping Jodi pulled in tight to her chest with the other. 
"What happened, baby?" 
"I heard the door being rattled so I locked us both in Lindsey's room. We heard them smash up the place and then just when they were picking Lindsey's bedroom lock, we heard the police sirens and whoever it was ran. I was so scared, Bryce. I thought..." Jodi dissolved into tears. 
"Shh, it's okay. I'm here now and I'll look after you." 

"Zach, what are you thinking? Press?" 
"I don't know. If it was the press trying to find pictures and information on Jodi, the place would be ransacked,, but smashed up like it is? I'm not so sure. We'll know more tomorrow when we've dusted for prints and made a thorough search. Miss Bishop, do you have somewhere you could stay..." 
"They'll stay with me. You can contact Jodi there, you have my numbers, Zach." 
Jodi never even lifted her head to disagree; she was just enjoying the calm reassurance of her partner's strong arms. 
"Okay. I'll work personally on this Bryce. Don't worry, we'll sort it out." 
"Thanks buddy. Jodi, let's pack an overnight bag for you both. I'll come back tomorrow to get more things for you because you'll be staying with me for a while. Okay?" 
"Okay." She said meekly. 

Through her sniffles, Lindsey said, "You won't let the bad man get us?" 
"No Linds. You're safe now. Your gonna come and stay with me. No one can get you there." 
Bryce walked them into Jodi's bedroom to pack her stuff. The room was as smashed up as the living area. 
Jodi walked over to her bedside table and lifted two broken photo frames. One had a picture of Bryce, Lindsey and herself taken on their first date at the zoo. The other one was of Jodi as a young girl of about 5 years old, standing up on a stool beside her grandmother baking in her kitchen. 
Jodi clasped her hand to her mouth and the tears flowed again. Bryce walked over and put her arm around her. 
"We'll get them reframed, baby. They'll be as good as new." 
"Who would do something like this, Bryce?" 
The big woman's face became like stone. 
"I don't know, Jodi,, but you can be sure I'll find out." 


They arrived back at Bryce's and were all enjoying a hot chocolate on the sofa. Lindsey was stuck to her mother and Bryce like glue, refusing to let them out of her sight. Tiredness had overcome her though, and she fell asleep cuddling into Bryce while holding her mother's hand. Jodi had calmed down a bit and was ready to talk. 
"It's funny isn't it?" she said looking at Lindsey. 
"What's funny?" 
"Lindsey automatically knows you'll protect her. As soon as we knew we were in trouble, she wanted you. She just knows you'll protect us." 
"She's right. When you called me tonight, I'd never felt fear the way I did at that moment. If anything happened to the two of you, I don't know how I could carry on." Bryce pulled the two in tighter. 
"You truly love us. You'll make a great parent, if that's what you want." Jodi wasn't sure if she was going too far. 
Bryce lifted her hand and threaded her fingers through Jodi's. I love you both more than life. I would die for this girl, and as soon as I can convince you to take the next step we'll be a family." 
"I know. So what do we do now? About the intruder?" 
"You'll be safe as long as you're here. No one gets past the front desk without buzzing up. I'll go back to your apartment tomorrow and pack more of your things, Lindsey's toys and stuff." 
"What about work?" 
"You know you can't work. You can't fight me on that until we know what we're dealing with. I'm sure your boss will keep the job open for you; if not, well things were getting difficult with work anyway. We can figure something else out. In the meantime, just look at this as an opportunity to stay home and take care of Lindsey the way you never got a chance to when she was born. Lindsey will love it." 
Jodi sighed in resignation. 

"I suppose. I know you're right, it's just hard to let go. I've worked so hard to keep our heads above water and Lindsey's suffered for it, getting left with sitters all day." 
"Don't fight me then, stay home, paint and draw with her, do fun stuff." 
"Okay., but we'll review it when we sort all this out?" Jodi said seriously. 
"Scout's honor!" Hopefully by then she’d have convinced her to never leave. 
"Deal, but we'll look after you, too. I know you've been lonely living here alone. We're going to make it a warm loving place for you to come home to." 
Bryce kissed her hand. "Sounds heavenly." Bryce's iPhone rang. 

"Hello? Kris, calm down. We're safe. Hang on a minute." She lifted Lindsey and placed her in her mother's lap. 
"Okay, I'm back. I was going to phone you, I'm sorry you had to hear it from the press. Yes, they're fine. Jodi and Lindsey are going to be staying with me for the time being. Only thing is, I can't come in tomorrow. I know, but I'm not leaving them until I get security sorted. I want you to get the writers to go ahead and do the sketches themselves, push back my rehearsals with Steve Jones to Friday. Yes, I know that's right after the all-night shoot, but I have no choice. If Steve isn't happy, we won't put him in the sketches. Okay, next can you send over a security guard from the studio tomorrow? I want someone here until I can arrange something more permanent or until the cops tell me it was simple robbery. Just tell the press it's being treated as a burglary until we know more. Okay, thanks Kris. Bye." 

"Honey, we don't need a permanent minder. We're safe here." 
"When I go to work on Thursday you'll be alone and I'll be away all night at the ghost shoot. Do you really want that? For the foreseeable future or until the cops tell us otherwise, I want someone with you when you go to the park, the supermarket, anywhere. I was so scared tonight, please just go with it." 
Jodi sighed. "Okay! I give in." 
"I'll call Zach tomorrow and ask if he can suggest anyone. They'll be with you just when you go out, otherwise they'll stay at the door. You'll have your privacy with Linds." 
"I guess so. We've still got time to sleep before morning, why don't we go to bed." 
Bryce looked unsure all of a sudden. "Um, you can take the guest bed with Lindsey if you like." 
"Oh. I thought... it doesn't matter. Can you lift Linds for me?" 
Bryce lifted the sleeping girl and held her in her arms. "What were you going to say?" 
"It's just, I thought if we were living here for the time being, you'd want me to sleep with you." 
The big woman let out a sigh of relief. "I do, I just didn't want to presume. Just think of my room as our room." 
"I think to save any misunderstandings in the future, you should just presume." Jodi smiled. 
"Okay. I don't want to sleep apart if we can help it." 
"Me neither. I don't want Linds to wake up scared though; can she come in beside us, just for tonight?" 
"Of course. Let's go." 
Once they were all settled, Jodi snuggled into bed with Bryce on one side and Lindsey pressed up against the other. Bryce turned her head and kissed her girlfriend. "Sweet dreams, baby girl." 


Bryce woke at 7 the next morning, a lot later than usual. Jodi was lying across her chest and Lindsey was spread across her mother's back. 
This is a new way to wake up! She edged her way from under her two girls, desperate to relieve the call of nature. When she returned, Jodi and Lindsey were still happily sleeping so she grabbed her shorts and sleeveless hooded sweatshirt, and went into the gym to do some running. 
The gym was a large room full of professional equipment. In one corner she had a punching bag and other boxing and martial arts equipment. There was no way she was going to go out and leave the girls alone, so she flipped on the television on the wall facing the treadmill and started a run. The morning news was covering the intruder at Jodi's last night. The reporter stood outside the apartment building giving a rundown of the facts as they had them. 

Jodi Bishop, partner of TV's Bryce Royal, was the victim of a break in last night. According to our sources, Ms. Royal made a frantic 911 call to report that someone had forced their way into Miss Bishop's apartment. Details are unclear at this time,, but we do know that Miss Bishop and her daughter were unharmed. Police officials tell us that they can't rule out the possibility that this is the work of a disgruntled fan, upset at the popular Ms. Royal's new relationship. 

The anger from last night returned, burning in Bryce's gut. She jumped off the treadmill and grabbed her kickboxing gear. Picturing the faceless intruder making her two girls cower in fear, she attacked the punching bag with ferocity. She poured everything into that bag, trying to rid herself of the feelings clawing at her. 

Jodi eyes fluttered open and she reached for the empty space where her partner had been. Seeing that Bryce was already awake, she decided to get up and make breakfast. Dressed only in her nightshirt, she settled the still sleeping Lindsey into the large bed with a kiss, and made her way down the hall of the luxurious penthouse. Jodi thought she heard a series of thuds coming from the home gym, so she looked into the room as she passed by; what she saw made her stomach flip. Bryce was aiming blow after blow, with hands and feet, at the punching bag. She'd never seen her girlfriend practice her martial art before and she was captivated. 
Bryce's powerful muscles flexed and glistened as the sweat rolled down her arms. She was both powerful and graceful at the same time, and she exuded sex. Jodi's body responded as she listened to the grunts and growls coming from her partner as she fought an imaginary opponent. 
"Jodi! Jodi?" 
Through her fog of lust, Jodi realized Bryce was trying to get her attention. 
"W...what? Sorry honey. Were you speaking to me?" 
Bryce walked towards her, breathing heavily. "You okay, baby?" 
"Yeah. I'm fine. Why?" 
"You seemed to go somewhere else there. Where did you go?" 
Jodi smirked. "Uh, you don't want to know. What would you like for breakfast?" 
Bryce grabbed her around the waist and pulled her close. "Uh uh! Tell me." She said seriously. 
"I just thought you looked so hot! All powerful and sweaty, punching and kicking." 
A cocky grin grew across Bryce's face; Jodi put her hand onto Bryce's hard bicep. 
"I imagined you being all hot, sweaty and aggressive like this and pushing me up against the wall and using that special surprise you ordered from the internet for us." Suddenly shy, Jodi buried her head in her partner's chest. 
"What, like this?" Bryce lifted her easily off the ground and Jodi's legs automatically wrapped around her partner's waist. Bryce walked them over to the wall while attacking Jodi's lips and squeezing her ass. 

The kisses became more and more passionate as they threatened to lose control. Bryce bit Jodi's neck and thrust her pelvis into her girlfriend's sex. "Hm. Oh God Bryce! I want you so much." 
"Ugh! I need to fuck you, Jodi!" Bryce growled. 
"Oh yes!", but then the cold logical part of her brain poured cold water on her excitement. 
"Honey, what if Lindsey gets up looking for us? She'll be confused after last night." 
Bryce stopped dead and let out a long breath. "You're right. I'm sorry I went too far. Those things you said..." 
Jodi smiled, her arms still draped over Bryce's shoulders. "I shouldn't have said anything,, but you looked so good. Let's promise we'll resume this position when we have some alone time." 
Bryce kissed her sweetly and rubbed noses. "You can count on it. I love you." 
"I love you, goofy. I did come in to ask what you wanted for breakfast." 
Bryce let Jodi slide down from her waist. "I usually have a protein shake and microwave oatmeal." 
"Oatmeal is really good for you, but it should be fresh. I'll get some oats when we go shopping, in the meantime do you want eggs with your shake?" 
"Um, could I be really bad, since I didn't get a taste of you, and have those pancakes you make with the bacon mixed in?" 
Jodi smiled happily. "Scrambled eggs on the side?" 
"Oh yeah. You really are a temptress, baby girl. I'll go grab a shower," said Bryce, giving Jodi's ass a smack on the way out. "Be good!" 


"Lindsey, sit up straight. Would you like scrambled eggs? Toast?" Jodi was trying to get Lindsey to sit still and eat breakfast,, but waking up at Bryce's after the excitement had left her hyper. 
"Yes! Yes! Eggs and toast, please!" She smacked the table with her hands. 
"Lindsey! Settle down." 
"Morning, cute stuff. How are you today?" Bryce, freshly showered and changed, sat at the breakfast table. 
"Bry!!" Lindsey jumped up to sit on her lap. 
Jodi brought the food to the table. 
"Cute stuff? She's a holy terror this morning. I was thinking I might have to tie her to a chair." 
Bryce, with a mock look of shock on her face, said. "The Smurf? Never! She's good! Aren't you?" The big woman tickled her. 
Lindsey giggled and squirmed. "No Bry! No ickle monster! Ha! Ha!" 
"You're no help at all, TV star! Lindsey, back in your own seat," Jodi said sternly. 

Lindsey went back to her seat, after exchanging smirks with Bryce. 
"Well eat up, you two," said Jodi, taking her own seat. 
"Thanks baby, this looks amazing!" 
"You're welcome. I'll make you a healthier breakfast as soon as I can get some groceries, then I can make you fresh oatmeal. I don't want to ruin your training regime." 
"Hey don't worry about it. I need all the calories I can get. So why is Linds as high as a kite?" 
"I think she's just happy to have woken up here. She loves spending time with you. So do I." 
They shared a smile. "But, she's generally pretty energetic. You've only had to deal with her in small bits, you'll see what she's really like now that we're here. She's so hyper; she gets into everything. I honestly don't know how I've coped on my own these three years," she said wryly. 
"Sounds like me when I was a kid. I bet you were an angel." 
"Well, I don't like to boast." Jodi remarked. "She is a lot like you though, isn't she? Weird." 
"I like it." Bryce beamed as she ate her bacon pancakes. 
"Your breakfast okay?" 
"It's unbelievable. How do you get the eggs so fluffy?" 
"Trade secret!" 
Bryce's mobile began to ring. "Royal." 
"Hi Bryce, it's Zach." 
"Hey Zach. How are things going? Any clues?" 
"Yeah, I'm afraid to say I don't think we're dealing with press intrusion." 
Jodi mouthed, "What is it?" 
Bryce raised her hand to signal Jodi to wait, then stood up and walked towards her office so she could talk freely without Lindsey hearing anything. "Tell me." 
"We found a message written on the bathroom mirror." 
"What? Just say it!" 
"Well... it says, 'She's mine.' It was written in blood." 
"Fuck!" 
"Calm down, Bryce. We'll sort this out." 
"Calm down? Someone was seconds away from getting the two most important people in my life and doing God knows what. I'm not feeling calm!" 
"I know, buddy,, but we're gonna make sure she's safe. Listen, there were no fingerprints or fibers, so they knew what they were doing. We're doing tests on the blood, but it's likely to be animal, I don't think they would be that stupid., but it's at the lab." 
Bryce let out a sigh. "So this message, 'She's mine.' Are they talking about Jodi or me?" 
"Not sure. Our tech guys are going to monitor your social media, Twitter, Facebook. We'll see if anyone sticks out for the disgruntled fan angle,, but you've got a lot of fans, that's a lot of people to monitor." 
"If something happens to them because of me... I... it would kill me," she said sadly. 
"I know. Listen, we're gonna fix this. Can you ask Jodi to write a list of people who she dated, or people who wanted to date her?" 
"She hasn't dated for over three years,, but I'll ask if anyone was interested in her." 
"What about Lindsey's father?" 
"She used an anonymous donor." 
"Oh, okay. Email me the list from Jodi and I'll get back to you when I know more." 
"Thanks Zach, call anytime." 
Jodi had been waiting at the door and when Bryce hung up the phone she came in and melded herself to Bryce's back. 

"What did he say, honey?" 
The big woman rubbed her face. "Where's Linds?" 
"I put the TV on for her, she's fine." 
"Sit down." Bryce directed her to sit in the leather office chair while she sat on the corner of her desk and held Jodi's hand. 
"Zach found a message written on the bathroom mirror." 
"What did it say?" 
"It said, 'She's mine.'" 
"'She's Mine?' Who are they talking about? You or me?" 
"Zach doesn't know. It could be a stalker fan or someone who was interested in you. We've had a lot of publicity and everyone knows who you are now. There's something else. The message. It... it was written in blood." 
Jodi gasped and clasped her hand over her mouth. 
"Lindsey! That freak could have gotten Lindsey." Bryce stood and pulled Jodi into her chest. 
"Shh, it'll be okay, no one is going to hurt Lindsey or you. I promise." 
Come on, Jodi! Pull yourself together. You can't put all the pressure on Bryce. 
"I know. What does Zach want us to do?" 
"Well, they're analyzing the blood,, but there weren't any fingerprints or fibers at the scene. He wants you to make a list of anyone who has asked you out or shown any interest. We can email it to him." 
"So they think it could be someone warning you away from me?" 
"It's a possibility, but they're monitoring my Twitter and Facebook accounts for any unusual activity. Fuck." Bryce turned away and threw her iPhone across the desk. "Argh!" 
"What did you do that for?" 
"Because it's that stupid thing that could have put you and Lindsey in danger! I thought I was being nice, approachable, and all the time I was putting you at risk!" 

Jodi wrapped her arms around the big woman's hips. You can't let one crazy person dictate your life. You've got millions of fans, and you make them feel closer to you and appreciated. Things like this happened even before Twitter and Facebook." 
Bryce rested her forehead onto her girlfriends. "I guess. Listen, I know we said we'd go to the supermarket, but..." 
"No. We're not letting this change our lives anymore. We've already had to move in with you, but we can't stop going out, Lindsey needs to get outside." 
"Yes, but it would be safer..." 
"No. We'll have you, and you said the security guard from the studio is coming over." 
"I suppose. I don't think I can ever say no to you." 
Jodi smiled and winked, "I'll keep that in mind." 
"I haven't got a chance, baby girl." 
"You know, it could be a one off thing, an opportunist." 
"Maybe." I'm not convinced, and it's my job to keep you safe. 
"Okay, I'll go and get Linds ready, then take a shower. Will you watch her while I'm getting ready?" 
"You bet." 


Malik Osgood sauntered confidently into the offices of People Magazine. He'd finally gotten the last piece of the puzzle on Jodi Bishop and it was dynamite. For other stories he may have negotiated over the phone, but this was too big, and he wanted a price to match it. 
The editor of People Magazine, David Fox, had willingly agreed to a meeting when he knew it concerned America's most famous couple of the moment. 'The silver fox', as he was known, jumped up to greet Malik as his secretary ushered him into the office. 

"Malik! Great to see you. Anything I can get you? Coffee, soda?" 
"I'll have a coke, with ice." 
"Of course! Get that Amanda, would you?" he addressed his secretary. 
"Right away, Mr. Fox," replied the elegant woman. 
"So Malik. What have you got for me?" 
"How much would you pay for the identity of the father of Jodi Bishop's daughter?" 
David smiled broadly and laughed. "Malik I don't know how you do it. I've had investigators looking into that since the news about them broke. Considering that Miss Bishop doesn't even know herself, then I'd say you've done very well." David Fox found it hard to disguise his interest. 
"Let's just say there is a healthcare worker at a certain clinic waiting on a percentage of what you're going to give me. So how much are you willing to pay?" 
David let out a long breath. "Well, let's see, they've been on the cover of our magazine, among many others, for two months now and circulation goes through the roof when they are. I don't know what it is, you would think straight women wouldn't be that interested, but Royal fascinates people. Throw in a poor little waitress and they can't get enough. So I think I can persuade finance to cut you a sizeable check." 
"I want more than sizeable, Fox. I want mega or I'll go to someone who will pay me what I want, especially when I tell you who the daddy is," Malik said smugly. 
"Who?" 
"Uh uh. Not until I get my money. $1.5 million." 
"What? I can't authorise that! Especially without the name first. The most we've ever paid for a story is half a million. Tell me who it is and we'll talk." 
Malik reached into his pocket and pulled out a memory stick. 
"This has the documents that prove who made the donation and who bought it. Jodi Bishop picked this donor without knowing his identity, going only on physical description, medical history and education. When she picked him, she bought the whole donation. It's still on ice at the clinic for her use only. This story will sell you a lot of magazines,, but without the donor's identity you've got nothing. Wire the money to my account and I hand it over or..." He stood up and made his way to the door. "I could take it to someone who's willing to meet my price." 
David jumped up. "No! Wait! Let me make a few calls. Just don't leave yet." 
"I'll wait out there. You've got 20 minutes, Fox, or you lose your exclusive." 
David grabbed the phone and shouted, "Get me Finance!" 

Bryce and Lindsey were watching TV, waiting as Jodi got ready, when the buzzer rang. 
"Be right back, Smurf." She answered the intercom. "Oh yeah. Sure, come on up." 
Bryce opened the door to a large muscular guy with square shoulders, thick neck and a skinhead. 
"Good morning, Bryce. The studio sent me over." 
"Great. Thanks for coming, Pauley. Come in and take a seat." She indicated to the kitchen table so she could keep her eye on Lindsey. 
"You've heard what happened?" 
He nodded. 

"We don't know yet if this thing is serious or a one off,, but I'm taking no chances. I'll be back at work tomorrow and I'll be away overnight. I want them watched at all times. 
I've asked my buddies at the police department to recommend someone more permanent. I know you have duties at the studio,, but I don't know when they'll be in place." 
"It's no problem. As long as you need me, I'll be here. 
"Thanks Pauley. We're just going out to the grocery store, so you can drive the Jeep, okay?" 
"Sure." 
"I'll take you to meet them." 


A lone figure sat in at a desk in a dimly lit basement. Newspaper cuttings of Bryce and Jodi were spread out on the surface. 
"We made the news, baby boo. We'll be together soon. When you see this, maybe it'll remind you of where you should be." 
The figure sealed an envelope addressed to Royal Productions. 
"Soon." 
Chapter 5

Pauley parked the car up near the grocery store. 
"Bryce, I'll keep a discrete distance behind you. You'll keep a hold of Lindsey?" the big security guard asked. 
"Yeah. I'll keep her up in my arms, and an eye on Jodi." 
Jodi sighed as she took off her seat belt. "Honey I don't think someone's going to jump us in the grocery store." 
Bryce turned to face her girlfriend. "I hope not,, but I'm gonna make sure okay?" 
"Okay. Lindsey stay with Bryce at all times." 
"I will Mama. We get candy?" 
"Yeah. Sure will." Bryce said. 
"No. You already had candy that Bryce gave you this morning. Right after breakfast, might I add." 
Bryce looked sheepishly at Jodi. "On that note, let's go." 

As they walked over to the store Bryce whispered to Lindsey. "I'll slip some candy in the cart, Smurf." Lindsey giggled and gave her a kiss. 
"What are you two conspiring?" 
"Nothing. Baby? Remember, get whatever you want in here. I don't know what kind of stuff a family needs, so get lots and don't worry about the price. I'm gonna get you a credit card for my account for everything you need for you, Linds and the house, but in the meantime, we'll use mine." Jodi didn't want to argue in front of Paulie, so she said. "We can talk about it later, but that's fine just now." 
"Cool. Let's get some tasty treats, Smurflet!" 
"Yeah! Asty yum yum! Bry!" 
Later that evening, Jodi peeped through the door as Bryce read Lindsey a bedtime story. 
She sighed contentedly, watching the big woman hold Lindsey's little hand in hers while holding the book with the other. 
For someone who was awkward around people and had no experience with kids, Bryce was just a natural with Lindsey. Jodi was finally allowing herself to trust and see a long - term future with her partner, and one of the things that made Bryce perfect was what a good parent she would make to her little girl. Bryce provided a different kind of parenting than Lindsey had ever had. Where Jodi provided love, care and nurturing, Bryce provided protection and the rough and tumble fun that she never could have. Lindsey was not like her mother, she liked everything that was dangerous. Jumping off things, climbing things. In fact, Jodi had found it difficult to keep up with her. Bryce not only could keep up with her, she positively encouraged her. Right from the start, they seemed to be on each other's wave length. 
She watched the big woman close the book and kiss Lindsey lightly on the head; the little girl lost her fight to stay awake. 
Bryce stood and saw Jodi waiting, hand outstretched, beckoning her partner towards her. 
No words were exchanged as Bryce allowed herself to be pulled into their bedroom. 
"Sit, honey." 
Bryce sat, as instructed on the end of the bed. "Jodi......." 
Jodi stood between her partner's legs and silenced her, putting a finger to her lips. 
"I want to show you how much I love you. How much I appreciate you being in our lives and looking after us. Lindsey and I both love you so much and we can't imagine a life without you." 
"Well...I love you both with all my heart. You two are my life and......Oh God......" 
Jodi had pulled her top off and begun to unclasp her bra. Bryce's mouth hung open as she watched her girlfriend's ample breasts tumble, unrestrained from the bra. 
Jodi quickly took off jeans and panties, and moved back between her partner's legs. 
Bryce's hands automatically came up and grasped her girlfriend's breasts, squeezing them, making Jodi moan. Jodi covered Bryce's big hands with her own, making her partner squeeze harder. 

"You're so beautiful, baby." 
The young woman pulled Bryce's T-shirt over her head, along with her sports bra. Jodi kneeled in front of her and slowly undid the silver belt buckle on her jeans, then pulled her boots off. 
Shit! She's gonna kill me! Bryce throbbed and felt the wetness pool in her sex as she watched Jodi undress her with deliberate slowness. 
"Stand please."When Bryce stood, Jodi pulled down her jeans and jockey shorts. She could see her partner's wetness on her thighs and allowed herself a quick kiss to Bryce's hard stomach. She heard Bryce moan. 
"Oh, I love this. It's so hard," Jodi moaned. 
"Fuck baby, it's not the only part of me that's hard!" Bryce felt like she was going to explode. 
"I know honey and I'm going to take care of you. Lie back." 

Bryce did as requested and lay down on the bed; Jodi straddled her stomach and brought her lips down to kiss Bryce tenderly. Their tongues gently explored, both swallowing each other's moans. Jodi moved her kisses down Bryce's neck, nibbling at her collarbone. When she reached Bryce's small breasts, Jodi bit the erect nipples she found there, licking and swirling her tongue, making the big woman purr with pleasure. 
"Baby, please! I need you." 
"Patience. I want you to feel every ounce of love in my heart for you, with every kiss." Jodi spent some time on her partner's stomach, licking the hard six pack that so fascinated her. 
Bryce squirmed."Jodi, I can't take anymore!" 
Jodi snickered against her stomach and then, deciding to give her partner what she wanted, moved down to open up her partner's sex. The clit she found there stood erect and hard. Jodi took one long lick along Bryce's sex." 
"Ah fuck! Suck me baby!" 
Jodi, doing as asked, sucked in the hard nub. From the noises her partner was making, she knew Bryce wouldn't last long. She felt hands hold down her head, trying to make the contact harder. 
"Ah! That's it, baby, Ah fuck! Gonna come! Gonna come!" Bryce growled as her whole body tensed, pleasure coursing throughout her body right from her head to the tips of her toes. Just as quickly, her body relaxed, becoming languid. Jodi looked up to see the big woman breathing hard, her arm flung across her face. 
Her tongue smugly coaxed Bryce's clit back to life. "God, no! Shit!" Within seconds she had tensed and come again. 
As Jodi crawled up the long body she was grabbed and kissed senseless by her partner. 
"Oh, baby girl. You are amazing. I love you. I love you." 
"Touch me, Bryce, I want you inside me," She pleaded. 
Bryce lifted her girlfriend to sit on her stomach. Jodi raised her hips to allow Bryce's fingers to slip inside. Jodi was so wet, they slipped in easily. The young woman moaned at the feeling of fullness. She lifted and lowered, repeatedly impaling herself on Bryce's long fingers. 
"That's it, baby feel me inside you; feel me fucking you." 
"Oh yes, Bryce, harder, honey! Please don't stop fucking me!" 
Bryce put her hand on Jodi's hip, helping pull her girlfriend down harder on her fingers. 
Jodi's movements came faster and faster until she flung her head back and cried out her partner's name, then collapsed down onto her Bryce's chest. 
"I love you, baby girl." Bryce said soothingly as she stroked Jodi's blonde hair. 
"That was so good, honey." 
"Yeah. I don't know what I did to deserve that." 
Jodi looked into her deep blue eyes. "You deserve it for being you. You deserve it for loving us. You take care and love Lindsey like she was your own." 
"I do love her and I want her to be mine. I never thought I would be able to have a family, but you and Lindsey can give me that. Listen I know after we've sorted out this intruder business, you said you still might want to move back home." 
Jodi went to speak, but was stopped by Bryce saying. "It's okay, I'm not pressuring you. You know what I want, but whatever you decide, you'll still be staying here weekends and stuff, so why don't you go ahead and get Lindsey's room decorated. It's so bland right now. She needs bright colours, toy boxes, stuffed animals, I don't know,, but it needs to be nice for her. It'll give you something to do while you're not working. Work with a decorator. Have fun. What do you think?" 
Jodi snuggled into Bryce's neck. "I think that would be lovely. Thank you honey, I'll enjoy that. I've never had the chance to decorate before." 
Bryce held Jodi tight in her arms. 
"That's settled then." 
They gently drifted off to sleep. 


Bryce woke with an ache low down in her belly. She supposed her body, having been denied for so long, just couldn't get enough of Jodi's luscious body. She looked at the clock. 
Six am? Plenty of time. I think I could forgo my run, just this once. She smiled. 
Having Jodi naked in her bed was just too much of a temptation. She leaned up on one arm, looking down at her girlfriend sleeping. 
How did I get so lucky? Now that I've got you, I'm never gonna let you go. 
Bryce slowly lowered the comforter, exposing Jodi's breasts to the air. She watched with fascination as Jodi's nipples hardened before her eyes. 

Bryce leaned over and took a nipple in her mouth. She bit, teased and rolled it around her mouth. As she did, her own ache became worse. Bryce moved over to the other side, not wanting to leave the other nipple out. She heard Jodi make little mewing noises and her hips unconsciously began to rock. 
Encouraged, Bryce moved on top of the young woman and moved her kisses to Jodi's neck. 
"Uh, Bryce. Feels good," Jodi said, almost in a whisper, but kept her eyes closed. 
Bryce could feel her Jodi's wetness against her thigh. Overcome with the need to thrust into her girlfriend, she reached down and opened herself up. Moving Jodi's legs wider brought their centres together. 
"Oh yeah!" Bryce started with a slow thrust, enjoying the sensation of her clit moving against Jodi's. 
The young blonde, obviously wanting to just enjoy the sensations, kept her eyes closed, but put her hands on Bryce's hard muscled ass, pulling their centres closer together as the thrusts got faster and faster. 
"Bryce! Yes take me!" 
They were both getting closer to the edge. "Ah! Jodi. I can't hold on, baby." Bryce groaned. 
"Me neither. Don't stop! Come. Come with me!" 
Bryce's hips drove faster and faster into Jodi. "Fuck!" She crushed her lips to Jodi's, letting the kiss swallow their moans before Bryce collapsed on top of her girlfriend. 
Feeling Bryce shake, Jodi threw her arms around her, cooing and soothing her while stroking the big woman's back. 
"Sh. It's okay, honey. I've got you. I love you." 
After a minute or so, Bryce lifted her head and looked in Jodi's eyes. 
"I'm sorry baby. When I am with you like this, just you and me making love...it...it overwhelms me. This, with you...I never imagined it could ever be like this." 
"I know. I feel it. You are everything I ever dreamed of. And I love to feel you on top of me, your weight pinning me down. What a lovely way to wake up!" 
Bryce gave her a crooked smile. "I'll pin you down anytime, baby girl." 
"You sweet talker, you. What time do you have to leave for work?" 
"About 9:30. We've got plenty of time for breakfast together. " 
"Well you better get ready; Lindsey will come bounding in soon." 
"Join me in the shower?" 
"Only if you promise to behave, TV star!" 
"Cross my heart, Mama Smurf." 
"Why does that not sound sincere?" 
Bryce kissed her nose and got up, pulling Jodi with her. "Oh ye of little faith!" 


As it turned out, Jodi was the one who begged for release in the shower, after finding Bryce's washing and touching far too hot to handle. 
Bryce sat at the breakfast table with Lindsey, reading the newspaper on her iPad with a rather smug look on her face. Jodi looked over from the stove where she was cooking breakfast. "Feeling rather smug about something, TV star?" 
"Who me? I'm just happily enjoying breakfast time with my girls," she said feigning innocence. 
"Yes, I can see that you're a morning person. Lindsey do you want some oatmeal before your eggs, the same as Bryce?" 
"Yes please. You play with us today Bry?" 
"Sorry, Smurf. I have to go to work, but you and your Mama are gonna have fun. Mama's gonna decorate your room here, so it feels like your own. So you need to buy stuff and come up with ideas of what you would like to paint on your walls." 
Lindsey beamed. "That be my room? We stay here foever Mama? With Bry?" 
Bryce looked at Jodi waiting for her answer. 
The young woman put the bowls of oatmeal in front of them. "Well, just until we know that our apartment is safe, sweetie." She looked up and saw a look of sadness go across Bryce's face. 
"But that might take some time, so we'll see what happens." 
Bryce looked a little brighter. "So? What theme do you want for your room Smurflet? Disney princess?" 
"Yuck! No way!" Lindsey said screwing up her face. 
The two women laughed and Jodi said. "See, She's just like you. Another little tomboy in the making." 
Jodi watched as Bryce's face beamed at that comment. 
"So you guys ready for eggs and toast?" 
"Listen, I was thinking since Linds can't go out trick or treating this year, why don't the two of you come into the show Saturday night? You can dress up Linds, there will be lots of Halloween stuff going on, and I have it on good authority that there will be a few monsters and vampires dropping in." 
Bryce turned to Jodi. "What do you think?" 
Jodi sighed in happiness. 

Bryce was constantly thinking of ways to make both her and Lindsey's lives as normal as possible. 
"I think that would be a fantastic idea, honey. We'll need to get some stuff to make your costume sweetie." 
"Why not just buy one at the costume shop?" Asked Bryce. 
Jodi gave her girlfriend a look, clearly missed. 
"Where's the fun in that? Plus, why waste the money?" 
"Oh God forbid!" Bryce said theatrically. "So Smurf, what you gonna dress up as?" 
Lindsey thought hard, then with a little smirk on her face, beckoned her mother down to her level, and whispered in her ear. 
Jodi laughed and kissed her daughter on the nose. "That's perfect, Linds!" 
"Hay you two gonna let me in on the secret?" 
"Nuh uh! It's urprise Bry!" 
"It's like that, is it?" 
"Yes it is, goofy! So, just be patient." Jodi said. 
Lindsey joined in. "Yeah, doofy! You wait!" 
Jodi and Bryce burst out laughing at the little girl. 
The buzzer rang and Bryce got up to answer. "I'll get it." 
"Hey, Pauley. Come up." A few minutes later, Bryce let the big bodyguard in, "Come in buddy." 
"Would you like coffee, Pauley?" Jodi shouted from the kitchen. 
"No thanks, Miss Bishop. I've had a couple of cameras fitted in the lobby to observe traffic coming and going. Could I let the guys in to set up wiring, so that I can monitor them on the laptop?" 
"Sure. Why don't you run them though to my office? You can use that as a base." Bryce offered, 
"That's great. I'll just get the guys. Carry on with your breakfast, boss." 
Bryce made her way back to the kitchen to finish her breakfast. 
"So, you gonna make some appointments with designers today? Maybe do some shopping?" 
"Yeah, I'll look some up on the net. Don't you take your laptop to work though?" 
"Please. This is Royal the tech head you're talking to! I have one for every occasion and every circumstance. I'll set one up here before I go." 
"Thanks. We might go to the park. I don't want Lindsey cooped up all day. I thought I might find out if there is a preschool programme I can enrol Lindsey into. I couldn't get anything in Brooklyn; there were lots of families worse off, maybe here though. 
"Let me get Kris to get us a list and we can talk about it tonight. Breakfast was delicious, baby." She got up and started to pack up her laptop case. 
Jodi sighed. "Honey, if I let you do that you'll pick the most expensive preschool in New York." 

Bryce moved closer so they could have some privacy from the workmen and Lindsey. 
"I'm not trying to steamroll you, Jodi. It's not about money. You have to accept you're well known now, we have to take precautions, especially with our current problem and some of the best private preschools will be tightly secured. Money can buy security. I will keep you both safe, and of course, I want Linds to have the best chances in life. I love her, and as much as you protest it is going to happen, we will be a family. Whether it's today, tomorrow or six months from now." 
Jodi placed her head on Bryce's big chest. "Even if we're not a family officially, we're a family in here." Jodi placed her hand over the big woman's heart. 
"I'm not trying to be awkward by going slow; you know I love you so much. I just don't want to scare you off by tying you down to a family and all the responsibilities that go with that." 
"What if I want to be tied down?" Bryce said with a smirk. 
Jodi playfully smacked her on the arm. 

"Seriously baby, I love you both with all my heart and we are going to be an official family." She took Jodi in her arms and whispered in her ear. I'm going to wear you down with love, Mama Smurf!" 
"I bet you will," Jodi said cuddling in tight. 
"You know Jodi, I've never gone to work happier in my life. I wake up with my beautiful girlfriend in bed, make love, have a shower together, make love, then get served a home cooked breakfast with my favourite three year old. Perfect bliss." 
"I want to make you happy and take care of you always." 
Their lips came together in a tender kiss. 
"Mwah! Mwah!" giggled Lindsey. 
"Hey Smurf! I'll remember that when you bring home your first boyfriend or girlfriend. When you're thirty of course." 
"Hmm. thirty five would be better." Jodi added. 
"You're right. Now I better get the laptop set up for you and get to work. I do run a television company you know?" 
Jodi hugged Bryce tighter. "And I thought you were just here to entertain Lindsey and me?" 
"That's my full time job. Running a TV company and entertaining the nation is my part time job," She said with a smirk. 

"Okay. Off you go, TV star! Lindsey and I have things to do without you getting under our feet. So go and play with your cameras." Jodi shooed Bryce away. 
"Just remember, whatever you do today, stick close to Pauley, okay?" 
"We will. Is there anything you want me to pick up?" 
"I don't think so. Do you remember the email address we set up when I gave you your iPhone?" 
"Yes. I've never used it though." 
"I'll get Kris to email you the preschool stuff. I'll just go set up the Macbook." 
Walking back to the breakfast table, Jodi said, "Let's get you out your PJ's' and dressed Linds." 


"Morning Kris," Bryce said as she walked into her office. 
"Morning. How are Jodi and little Lindsey after the break in?" 
"Fine. They're settled and happy at my place. At least I know their safe. I got Pauley over to watch them while I am at work, just until I can hire a long term security guard." 
"Do you think that will be necessary?" 
"I don't know,, but until the police get an idea of the motive for this I want someone with them. And anyway, with Jodi's new found celebrity she needs someone with her to keep the press at bay. I'm not taking any chances. Those two are my life," Bryce said quietly. 
Kris could see the fear etched on the big woman's face. "I know. We'll make sure that nothing ever happens." 
Bryce cleared her throat. "I guess we're really busy since I was off??" 
"Yes. You've got a lot to catch up on. The crew went out on Monday to set up the production at the Long Island location, so you don't have to worry about that. You need to read up on the research for your pieces to camera and your interview with Steve Jones." 
"It'll be fine. I'll wing it. You know me Kris, it always turns out fine." 
Kris smiled and shook her head. "Yes it does. Now your personal mails is on your desk, Bryce, I'll just get you some coffee." 
"Thanks Kris. Oh, could you get me some contact details for interior decorators and private preschools for Lindsey? Just email them to Jodi." 
"Will do." Kris left Bryce to her work. 

After Bryce sat at her desk, she called Zach at the station. "Hey buddy, It's Bryce. Anything new?" 
As Bryce listened, she picked up her mail and started to go through it. 
"Sorry Bryce, Jodi's apartment is clean. Whoever it was knew what they were doing." 
Bryce lifted one envelope that, unusually had the production office's address, made up of typeface cut from newspapers and pasted on. She carefully began to open the envelope. 
"Turns out the message in the mirror was written in pig's blood. So we've got nothing unless something new comes up." 
"Zach, I think I've got something for you." 
Bryce held in her hand a letter its message also made up of typeface from magazines and newspapers. 
"A letter sent to me at the office. Shit." 
"What does it say?" 
Bryce sighed. 

' For this reason a man will leave his Father and Mother and be united to his wife, and the two will become one flesh. So they are no longer two, but one. Therefore what God hath joined together, let no man put asunder.' 
Jodi is mine! 

"Fuck! This is about Jodi, Zach! Not me!" 
"Listen to me Bryce, put it down and don't let anyone touch it. I'll be there as soon as possible and send it straight to the lab." 
Bryce put her head in her hands. Shit! This is serious. How can I protect them from someone like this? I won't let anyone take them away from me! s he said slamming down her fist on the table. 


"Detectives Stacy and Wooder to see you, Bryce." Kris said from the office door. 
"Thank you, Kris. Could we have coffee?" 
"Of course." 
Bryce stood and shook her friends' hands. 
"Thanks for coming so quickly. Here it is. I haven't touched it again." 
Theo Wooder carefully placed the evidence in a clear bag before they looked at it. 
"We'll take this and have it dusted. It looks like we need to take this seriously. I've got a list of body guards you might like to consider." 
Bryce took the list and scanned it quickly. "Who's the best on this list?" 
"Undoubtedly, Colby Forest." Zach replied. 
"Tell me about him." 
"Her actually. Ex special forces. When she left the military she opened her own private security company. She's worked with a lot of business people and politicians. She's expensive and choosy about which jobs she takes,, but I think she's the right fit for Jodi and Lindsey." 
"Okay, I'll contact her. What about the list Jodi gave you?" Bryce asked. 

"We contacted everyone, didn't find any leads. The ex, Danielle Bianchi? She was an obvious suspect. History of drinking and drug problems; Jodi mentioned some violence. We didn't get anything. She seems to be living quietly in Jersey. We searched her place, found nothing relating to Jodi. She has a girlfriend, works in a local restaurant." Theo explained. 
"She could be hiding something! Someone with a history of drugs..." 
"She gave us permission to speak to her drug counsellor and psychotherapist. They are both very satisfied with her mental state and say she's been clean for two years. Apparently, after the break up with Jodi, she spiralled out of control and sought help." 
Bryce stood in frustration and walked over to the window, the anger boiling up in her stomach. 

"So now what? I just wait for this to escalate? Wait for someone to try something? Wait for Jodi or Lindsey to be attacked?" She shouted. 
"No, of course not. We're going keep an eye on this Danielle, if she does anything suspicious, we'll be on it. She did give us another lead. Apparently some guy, a waiter who worked at the restaurant she managed, had a pretty big crush on Jodi. Danielle says she had to warn him off a few times. We're making inquires. We'll track him down." 
Zach lifted the evidence bag. "We'll get this to the lab. I'll let you know if anything comes up. I'll leave Forest's details with Kris on the way out." 
"Thanks guys. I do appreciate your help." As they left she buzzed Kris. 
"Kris can you make me an appointment with a Colby Forest? . Find a space in my schedule and get her here today." 
"Bryce, you have no time, you're already behind and that's before you leave for the shoot tonight." 
"Kris. Make it happen." Bryce said with a steely edge to her voice. Very rarely did Bryce make demands on her personal assistant, the way other stars did. So when the big woman did, Kris knew to get it done. 
"I'll take care of it. Give me twenty minutes." 
If anyone comes near Jodi or Lindsey, I will kill them. 



Jodi had been looking at preschool websites and decorators for the past hour and a half. She heard the whoops and laughter coming from the game room and thought, I better get lunch started. 
She stood and went to speak to her daughter and Pauley, who Lindsey had charmed into playing the Wii. 
Jodi entered the room to find Pauley bent over gasping. "Thank goodness your here Miss Bishop. I think your little girl is trying to kill me!" 
Jodi and Lindsey laughed. 
"Lindsey why don't you watch TV while I make us lunch, and give Pauley a chance to cool down." 
"Okay Mama. I watch Bry and big bird?" 
Jodi picked Lindsey up. "Okay sweetie. Come on. Pauley, would you like some lunch with us? I'm making stuffed corned beef sandwiches. Lindsey's favorite." 
"Sounds great Miss Bishop, Thank you. I'll just go and check the security cameras." 
"Okay. I'll give you a shout." 
Jodi settled Lindsey in front of the TV and went to make lunch. 

"Thanks, Keep the change." Colby Forest paid the cab driver as she arrived at Royal Productions. 
Colby was not used to being summoned at such short notice. Since leaving the military and running a very successful security firm, she found herself in the fortunate position of being able to pick and choose her assignments. She didn't find the task of babysitting a TV stars girlfriend and child very appealing, being much more used to safeguarding political and international figures,, but the PA who contacted her, said Colby could name any terms if she would agree to an immediate meeting. 

She made her way to the reception desk. The young receptionist looked Colby up and down eagerly, she had a huge crush on Bryce, but this smart, tough looking woman would do as well. She took in Colby's tall figure. At 5foot 8 inches body, she had a slightly smaller frame than Bryce, but looked as solidly built. Her dark hair was closely cropped at the back and sides. The top was slightly longer and styled precisely into a Mohawk. The impression that most excited the young woman was the way the good looking woman held herself. If she wasn't mistaken, the woman had a military bearing. She looked extremely smart in her silver suit with crisp white shirt and thin black tie. Her heart fluttered as the devilishly handsome woman took off her sunglasses and popped them in her top pocket. 


"Colby Forest for Bryce Royal." 
"Uh....yes of course... I'll just let them know you're here. Take a seat and someone will come and get you." 
"Thank you." 
"Can I get you something while you wait?" the young receptionist said seductively. 
Completely unaware of the receptionist devouring her with her eyes, Colby declined. 
Colby sat and opened the file she had made up on Royal and her partner. Of course she had heard of her, she was one of the most famous lesbians in the world, but she rarely had time to watch Saturday night entertainment shows. She gazed at a newspaper article that had a picture of Jodi and Lindsey. Beautiful woman. I don't blame you for moving mountains to protect them Royal. A sadness, which was normally locked tightly away inside, washed over her. Never again, Forest, she thought, locking the sadness back up inside her. 
"Colby Forest?" 
The former soldier jumped up to attention as soon as she heard her name. 
"Yes?" 
"I'm Kris Roberts, Bryce Royal's PA. We spoke on the phone." 
"Of course, Ms Roberts. Pleased to meet you." 
"If you'll follow me." 


"Bryce? This is Colby Forest." 
Bryce stood, shook hands and indicated the other seat at her desk. She quickly assessed the woman. Hmm. Strong, smart. Looks like a soldier, th ought Bryce as she observed Colby sitting very straight and rigid in the chair. 
"Thank you for coming so quickly, Ms. Forest." 
"Please call me Colby. No problem, I had no other appointments today." 
"I don't know what you've picked up from the newspapers, but my partner Jodi's apartment was broken into. Nothing was stolen, but this message was left." Bryce handed her a picture of the first warning. 
"At that point, we thought it might have been an overenthusiastic fan, annoyed at my new relationship,, but today I received this." She handed over a copy of the letter to Colby. 
The original is being checked over in the lab. I understand you know Zach Stacy and Theo Wooder?" 
"Yes. We've had dealings before. Does Miss Bishop have anyone in her past who would consider her theirs?" 
Colby saw Bryce visibly stiffen, her jaw clench tight. 
"Yes. An ex,, but the police seem satisfied there's no connection." 
"But you're not sure." 
"It's just a feeling." Bryce said. 
"Based on?" 

Bryce leaned back and looked Colby right in the eyes. The bodyguard was clearly testing her. 
"She had everything. Jodi is the most wonderful, caring, nurturing woman I have ever met. She had her and she fucked up. She lost a pregnant Jodi and I tell you, Jodi's the type of woman you would never give up on. I would die before giving up on her and that little girl. That makes me think the ex wouldn't give up either." 
"I understand. Some women, you just can't let go." Colby said. 
"But the police are going to keep monitoring her. She gave them a tip about a guy who was overly interested in Jodi, they are following up on that now. What do you think? Will you help me?" 
"Bryce. I don't come cheap and I do have some stipulations." 
"Money doesn't matter." Bryce lifted the picture she kept of Jodi and Lindsey on her desk and handed it to Colby. 
"Those two are my life; she is the woman who's going to be my wife. I would do anything to keep them safe and whole." Bryce said in a determined voice. 
Colby understood the fierceness that drove you to protect, but also knew you could fail. I won't fail in my duty again. 
"I'll need full control of security and cooperation from Ms. Bishop about her day- to - day activities. Protection will be useless unless I have control." 
"You'll have anything you need. Do we have a deal?" Bryce offered her hand. 
Colby thought for a second and accepted. 
"We have a deal." 
"When can you start? I'll be away all night. I've got one of the studio security guys with them just now, but..." 
"I'll start right away. Just let me head down to my office and pick up my equipment. Will you be going back home before you head out tonight?" 
"I can spare an hour or so before heading to the location. How about we meet at my apartment at 4pm?" 
"Good enough. Don't worry. Your family will be safe." Colby tried to reassure Bryce. 
"Thank you. Oh and please don't tell Jodi I got this letter today. I don't want to worry her." 
Colby nodded and left. 


"Chocolate chip or snickerdoodle?" Jodi asked her daughter. 
Lindsey was standing on a stool at the kitchen table, in her little apron, while her mother got out the baking ingredients. 
They had just got back from a trip to the store to buy the things they needed for Lindsey's Halloween costume. 
Jodi had also spent a nervous ten minutes waiting in the car in front of her apartment building while Pauley collected her sewing machine. 
Jodi had wondered if Bryce was right about staying with her. 
How could she ever feel safe there again? Jodi's thoughts were interrupted by Lindsey. 
"Both Mama! Bry like chip and oodle ones." 
"Oh you think so? I know a certain little girl who likes both as well!" Jodi tickled Lindsey's tummy, making the girl giggle and laugh. 
The young woman's phone lit up and began to ring. 

"Hang on till I get the phone sweetie, hello?" 
"Hi baby. It's me." 
Jodi smiled. "You shouldn't phone here. I have a really big girlfriend who wouldn't like it." 
"Hey! A big girlfriend who would kick anyone else's ass for calling you baby!" Bryce said in a mock angry voice. 
"I'm only kidding, honey. How are you? We miss you." 
"I miss you too. What are you up too?" 
"We'll, we just finished lunch. We went to get things for Halloween and now Linds and I are going to make cookies for you to take with you tonight. We thought you'd be hungry on location." 
"Aww that so nice Jodi, I don't think my kitchen's ever known baking before." 
It warmed Bryce's heart to think of her two favorite girls happy and safe at home and she couldn't keep the smile off her face. 
She's making my apartment a warm home. This is what's been missing in my life. 
"Well! It's going to know a lot more. I love baking, it helps relieve stress and tension. I just didn't have much time to do it before." 
"Baby girl, I can help with your stress and tension," Bryce said in a husky voice. 
"Enough of that kind of talk, TV star. You're not going to be here tonight to help me with that," Jodi chastised. 
"Okay, Mama Smurf. Where's Pauley?" 
"He's just taking a walk around the building; do you want to speak to him?" 
"It's okay. I'll call his cell. Were you planning on going out this afternoon?" 
"I wanted to take Linds to the park. I don't like her being cooped up all day." 
"Could you do me a favour and stay in? Just for today. I've got you a more permanent bodyguard and I want to bring her over this afternoon and introduce her to you both." 
"Honey, do you really think that's necessary. Things have been quiet since the break in. I feel safe living here with you. Isn't that enough?" 
Bryce had decided not to tell her about the letter today, so it was going to be difficult to convince Jodi of how bad the situation was. 
"Please. Just humour me. At least until the police are satisfied?" 
Jodi sighed. "Okay, bring her over, but I'm not going to be a prisoner. Will you have time for dinner before you go back out?" 
"If it's quick. I'll have about an hour and a half,, but I'd love to eat with you both before I go. I better go, baby, I have a pile of work to get through before I can go home. 
"Okay. I love you, TV star." 
"Love you, baby girl." 
"Okay Linds! Let's get baking!" 


Bryce had managed to get home a bit early so she could have some time with her girls before Colby arrived. She passed Pauley in the hall, as he was making his rounds. 
"Hey Pauley. Everything quiet?" 
"Yeah boss. No problems." 
"Great. You can head off back to the studio now that I'm back. Colby will be here soon." 
"You picked a good one there, boss. I've heard good things about her. War hero, so I'm told." 
"Excellent. Well thanks for your help, buddy. See you at work." 
Bryce unlocked the door and immediately her senses we're filled with wondrous smells, happy voices from the kitchen, warmth and a feeling she had never felt before when coming back from work. Home. In the space of a day, Jodi and Lindsey had turned her lonely apartment into a family home. 

She threw her laptop case on the couch and couldn't resist shouting through to the kitchen. "Honey, I'm home!" 
Immediately she heard the pounding of little feet and saw Lindsey running out of the kitchen. 
"Bry! Bry! You home!" Bryce scooped the little girl up in the air, gave her a kiss and then dangled her upside down by the ankles. Lindsey laughed and squealed. 
"Bry! You put me down!" She laughed squiggling around. Jodi came to meet her at the door. 
"You'll make her sick, honey." Jodi warned. 
"Should I just drop this little Smurf then?" Bryce winked at her girlfriend. 
"Ha! Ha! Let me down. I make you ookies!" 
"Oh well, why didn't you say!" She turned Lindsey around and kissed her head. Lindsey cuddled into her neck. 
"I mif you Bry." 
"I missed you too Smurf, and you, Mama Smurf." She kissed Jodi lightly on the lips. 
"You two girls have a good day?" 
"Yes we made choc chip cookies and snicker doodle. Didn't we Linds?" 
"Yeah. When you scared of the ghosties tonight you member we ove you." 
Bryce's heart melted. "Could this kid get anymore adorable?" 
"I'm sure she could try. Come on in to the kitchen and I'll get you a drink." 
Turning to her daughter Jodi said. "Why don't you go and find that picture you made for Bryce. I think it's was in the game room." 
"Okay, Mama." Once she ran off, Jodi wrapped her arms around Bryce's strong neck and kissed her thoroughly, causing Bryce to moan. 
When Jodi pulled back and rested her head on the big woman's chest, she said, "I missed you so much today." 
"God! Could this welcome home get any better?" 
"Yes," Jodi whispered into her ear. "If we were alone, I'd beg you to take me right here on the kitchen table." 
Bryce felt herself throb immediately. "Oh god! Don't say these things to me. I want you so much." Just when she was about to kiss Jodi again she heard... 
"Look what I drew for you!" 
"You are a tease, Miss Bishop, and I will pay you back," Bryce breathed in her ear. 
"I'll look forward to it, TV star." Jodi whispered. 
Bryce growled and then turned her attention to Lindsey. 

"That's so good Smurf, thank you. What smells so good?" 
"Oh lasagne. I thought that would be good to make, in case this new bodyguard person needs dinner. What's her name?" Jodi asked while checking the oven. 
"Colby Forest. She's ex-military, Special Forces. Looks tough, doesn't say much." 
Jodi smiled. "Like you then? The, butch strong silent type?" 
Bryce smirked. "Maybe. So did you get a decorator and find out about the pre schools?" 
"I looked at a lot, but they were all too fancy, then I found a small independent decorating business that I liked the look of, so I've made an appointment." 
"What about the preschools?" 
"There's a couple that looked good,, but they are very expensive. I'd like to look at them, but I'd rather have you with me." 
"Sure. Why don't you try and set something up for Monday afternoon? I have training with the guys in the morning, but we could go later?" 
"Okay. I'll give them a call tomorrow." Jodi turned back dinner preparations. 



Colby had gathered up the surveillance equipment she would need in her small office. She worked alone and liked it that way. This new job filled her with trepidation. She was used to working with officials. Politicians, public figures. This job put her right in the center of a family, exactly where she was running from. She gazed down at the picture on her desk. Two women dressed in camouflage uniforms smiled back at her. One was herself, the other her baby sister Sarah. 

Colby Forest came from a military family. Her father, being a Colonel in the Army, expected his children to follow him, and having only two daughters did not deter him. Colonel John Forest expected his family to do their duty, no matter their gender. That suited Colby. She was a natural soldier, excelling at everything she did, racing through the ranks and eventually finding herself in Special Forces. Colby was part of an elite group of women who were the first to be allowed to join a Special Forces regiment, designed for missions in the Muslim world. They were recruited and sent in to Iraq and Afghanistan, in order to accomplish missions their male counterparts could not. 
They were recruited to subdue and contain villages and homes that had a higher proportion of female civilians and children. Due to cultural constraints, it was better for the soldiers searching the residents and homes to be female. 
Colby loved this opportunity, she had always wanted to fight and be part of a unit at the very highest level. 
Her baby sister, Sarah, was not like Colby, she had never been the tough tomboy type. She had wanted to study nursing, but felt pressured to join the army like her hero big sister, so she joined the medical corps. 
Then Colby's life had turned upside down. 
"Wish me luck with this assignment. I'm sure you'd know how to talk and fit in with a family, munchkin, I never did," She spoke out loud. 
She closed her bag and left for the Royal residence. 


Bryce got up from the dinner table to answer the door. 
"Colby. Come on in. We were just finishing up dinner." 
She dropped her bags and followed Bryce to the kitchen. 
Colby was greeted by a scene that rattled the icy chains around her heart. 
A beautiful blonde stood at the stove dishing out dessert, while a dark headed little girl sat happily at the table. 

"Jodi, Linds, come and meet Colby." 
Jodi took off her apron and walked over to Bryce. Lindsey jumped up in Bryce's arms, shy at this new stranger. 
Colby looked appreciatively over Jodi's feminine form. Jodi's ample breasts and curvaceous figure attracted Colby. Although this cozy domestic scene was foreign to her, Colby Forest knew and adored a beautiful female form. 
Bryce saw a flash of attraction in the eyes of the normally, buttoned-up soldier and felt tightness in her chest, something she had never felt before. 

She pulled Jodi closer and looked Colby right in the eyes. 
"Colby let me introduce you to my girls." Bryce said seriously. 
As they stared at each other they knew a line had been drawn. A message sent and received. 
Jodi, oblivious to this subtle interaction, shook the soldier's hand. 
"Lovely to meet you. This is Lindsey." Lindsey was cuddled into Bryce tightly, needing reassurance, and just waved her hand. 
"Nice to meet you, Miss Bishop. Miss. Lindsey." 
"Lindsey, Colby is going to make sure you're safe when I'm not here." 
"From the bad man?" 
"Yeah. That's right," Bryce said. 
Jodi smiled at Lindsey's shyness. "She's shy,, but she'll be a chatterbox in no time." 
Colby smiled. Kind of cute. Just like her Mother. 
"Jodi, I need to speak to Colby for a minute." She put Lindsey down. 
"Okay. Don't be long. The apple pie will be ready soon." 
Bryce kissed her. "Thanks, baby." 
Once in her office, she closed the door and sat on the edge of her desk. Colby could see Bryce was tense. 
"I'm leaving in half an hour or so. I hate that I have to go, but I can't get around it. I'll give you Kris's number. Any problems at all, contact her and she'll get a message to me." 
"Please trust me. I'm the best. I will keep them safe." Colby replied. 
"I know." Bryce nervously ran a hand through her dark hair. 
"It's hard. I'm new to this relationship stuff and it's hard not to overprotect them. Most of the time I'm stumbling around in the dark, but one thing I know, Jodi and Lindsey are my world. I've just found them, and I will not let a stalker or anyone else threaten them." 
Colby knew you couldn't always protect the ones you loved,, but she determined to do everything in her power to help keep this family safe. 

"I don't know a thing about relationships either,, but those two through there are beautiful. If they were mine, I'd be just as defensive as you." 
Bryce stood. "I appreciate it." 
Both women now relaxed, understanding each other completely. 
"I'll get my stuff set up. Can I do it in here?" 
"Yeah go ahead. There's a spare room set up for you. Make yourself at home." 
"Thank you...uh...I saw you win gold at the Olympics. You were amazing." 
Bryce smiled warmly. It wasn't often people looked past her TV persona and acknowledged her former achievements. 
"Thanks. I'm more into mixed martial arts now,, but it was a proud moment." 
"Maybe you'd like to spar one day?" 
"Sure! We could do it here, I have a great gym. I'd love to test my skills against a Special Forces op." 
Colby grinned. She loved competition. "Anytime, boss." 
"On that note. I'll leave you to it." 



When Bryce returned to the kitchen, Jodi had served homemade apple pie. 
"Everything okay, honey?" 
"Just fine. Mmm. This tastes amazing. You are such a good cook. I can tell living with you is going to expand my waistline." 
"I doubt it with all the exercise you do. I made you some sandwiches to go with the cookies we made." 
"That's sweet, baby. We do have a catering truck you know." 
"I never thought of that. Well, it will probably be hot dogs, fries and everything that's bad for you." Jodi remarked. 

"Bry. Don't let the ghosties or the rats get you!" The little girl seemed worried. 
"Are you kidding? They'll be frightened of me, Smurf. You know why?" 
Lindsey shook her head. 
Bryce put on her best cocky smile. "Cause I'm the Bryce Royal and even a ghost or a rat can't beat me." 
Jodi and Lindsey laughed. "You're so full of yourself, TV star!" 
"I know. That's why you love me. Remember to do what Colby asks okay? I want you both safe," Bryce warned. 
"She seems kind of stiff and uptight." 
Bryce shrugged, "I guess military types are like that. As long as she does the job." 
Jodi nodded in agreement. 



David Fox was gleeful as he dialled the phone. 
"Osgood." 
Malik! Legal has okayed the story." 
Yes! Malik mentally punched the air. 
"Excellent. When do you run it?" 
"Tomorrow. You're going to be a busy man, Osgood. Every news station from the East coast to the west coast will want an interview." 
"I'm ready. Royal has been due some bad publicity. Let's see how her little waitress bed warmer handles this." 
David laughed. "You get anymore Osgood, be sure we're your first port of call." 
"I will always get more." Malik ended the call with a self- satisfied look on his face. 
He picked up his whiskey glass. "To you Royal. I just knew there was a story in you." 



Colby had set up her equipment; checked it more times than necessary; walked around the building twice; informed Morris, the doorman of new security procedures; and was now faced with the prospect of joining Jodi and her daughter in the living room. 
Jodi in an effort to try and get to know the uptight woman, had asked Colby to join her for coffee, when she was set up. 
Checking the security screen for the last time, she made her way to the living room with a sigh. Living a singular existence made conversation and companionship difficult for Colby. 
In the military, conversation was for a purpose. The relaying of information. Everyone knew where they stood and what was expected of them. 
The thought of being in a social situation, expected to chat, filled Colby with horror, but she had been employed to look after this woman and could hardly avoid spending time with her. 

"Colby? Come and join me. I just made a pot of coffee." 
She joined Jodi on the couch. Lindsey, rather sweetly, was watching a sesame street DVD Bryce was in. 
Jodi poured a cup for her and offered a plate of cookies. "I'm sorry about the kids' programme. She insisted on watching it before bed since Bryce isn't here to read her a story. 
Colby found herself smiling at the little girl and wondering what it would be like to have a family, to be needed and loved, like the way Jodi and Lindsey needed Bryce. 
"Thanks. Um...these cookies are great. Did you make them?" 
"Yes, with Lindsey's help. I love to bake." 
"Dackson. You like my cookies?" When cookies were mentioned, the girl had turned her attention to them. 
"They're great, Lindsey. Thank you." Satisfied, her concentration was back on the large screen TV. 
Colby looked around the stylish living room. "You have a great place here." 
"I'm just getting used to it. This sort of life is very different to what I'm used to." 
"You don't live together now?" Colby questioned. 
Colby knew from her research that the intruder had been at Jodi's apartment in Brooklyn,, but she had just assumed this was now a permanent situation. She had read numerous newspaper and magazine articles saying how the lucky waitress had hooked the rich TV star and moved in with her. Some reports even suggest Jodi was a gold digger, who wormed her way into Bryce's life and luxurious home. 
The humble woman before her didn't seem to match those reports. 

"Bryce insisted we come to stay here after the break in. I agreed for the time being,, but Bryce wants us to live together full time. She's making it harder and harder to leave her." 
"Don't you want to live with her? I'm sorry that's none of my business." 
Jodi looked amused. "Don't be. It's refreshingly straightforward. I do want to build a life with her. I just wanted to give her time to make sure this is what she really wants. A readymade family is a lot of responsibility to take on. A burden, some would call it." 
Colby regarded her carefully. Jodi was not only beautiful on the outside, she had a beauty that shone from within and she obviously had no comprehension of it, which made her even more attractive. Yes. You are one lucky woman, Bryce. 

"Maybe she wants to be responsible. Some burdens are well worth the bearing," Colby said. 
Jodi was surprised ."You sound as if you know what you're talking about. Do you have someone you like being responsible for?" Jodi could see the guard Colby had let down pulled straight back up and locked tightly. 
With sadness in her voice she said, "Not anymore." She stood quickly. "I need to check the security cameras. Thank you for the coffee and cookies. Excuse me." 
What story do you have to tell Colby? She asked herself as Colby walked back to the office. 


It was 9 pm and Bryce was sitting in her trailer, which had been set up on the haunted house location on Long Island. She was shortly going to do a walk round, with Steve Jones, the famous country singer and a psychic, to give the audience a history of the house and grounds before she and Steve would be put into the coffins, below ground at midnight. 
Her eyes wandered over to the lunch box Jodi had packed. Her heart swelled with happiness, she had never felt so cared for before. 
She opened the box and on top of the overstuffed sandwich and bag of cookies, was a picture of a ghost, drawn by Lindsey, and a note from Jodi. 

Stay safe from the ghosts and don't let the rats bite! We love you, TV star! Hurry home. 
Your two girls.xx 

"Everette, I don't know what I did to deserve this, little brother,, but I'm holding on with everything I have." 

Bryce's iPhone chimed. "They're never ending." She grumbled as she opened her mailbox. 
"What the fuck?" The email read: 

From: sanctitiyofgod.com 

Look in the cupboard above the sink. 

She rushed over and yanked the cupboard door open. Inside was a white box. As soon as she lifted it, she could smell the putrid stench of death. 
Bryce slowly opened the box. 
"Fuck!" She dropped the box, its foul contents spilling onto the floor. Her stomach rolled as she watched maggots feasting on a decaying rat. 
She tried to get her revolting stomach under control. Bryce then noticed a piece of paper had also tumbled out with the contents. She reached down, hands shaking, and picked it up. 
It read: 

I have given her time to repent, but she is unwilling to leave her prostitution. So I am going to throw her onto a bed and inflict severe trails on her partners in adultery, unless they repent of their evil. 
(Revelation 2:21-22). 

"What the hell does fucker want?" The anger boiled up inside until she screamed and threw a punch that broke the cupboard door. 
Pauley, who was heading location security, came rushing in. 
"You okay, boss?" 
"Some fucker has been in my trailer and left a gift." Bryce indicated the mess on the floor. 
"Shit! I'll start a full search of the area. They must have got hold of a pass to be able to move around freely." 
"I want this person found. Call the police and get them over to check this out." 
"Will do." When he left, Bryce dialled Colby's cell phone. 

"Colby Forest." 
"Colby, it's Bryce. How are things at home?" 
"Very quiet. No problems at all." 
"Good. I need you to be extra careful tonight. I was left a rather nice present in my trailer." 
"What?" 
"A maggot- infested rat with a rather unpleasant quote from the bible; A warning of sorts to Jodi and me. It was an email that tipped me off. It's as if they know my movements and if they know that, they might be able to work out when Jodi is least protected." 
In the background Bryce heard the laughter and squeals of Lindsey getting ready for bed. Her heart thudded at the thought of anyone threatening them. 

"Make sure the police see it and send me the email address it was sent from. I have a contact who works with the FBI, who could try and trace it; probably faster than the police." 
"Thanks. I'll forward the whole email to you now. Let me know if you get anything." 
"I will, and don't worry. I'll take watch all night in front of the cameras. No one will get near." 
"Thanks. Oh and Colby? Remember, don't tell Jodi. I don't want her worried." 
"If you think that's best. I'll call you if I get anything." 
Bryce ended the call and Kris came all flustered. "Bryce are you okay?" 
"I'm fine. I'm just angry. When I catch whoever is doing this, I'm gonna tear them limb from limb." 
Pauley came back in grasping a crew pass. 
"We found this discarded on the road outside the site. The guy who it belongs to was knocked out and hidden in the trees around the perimeter." 
"I want security tightened, Pauley. I want the guards checking these passes on everyone as they do their rounds; even if they know them." 
"Yes, boss, and the police are on their way." 
"I'm sorry, Bryce,, but the director wants to start the walk around now," said Kris. 
"It's okay. I'll do it,, but if any calls come from Colby Forest I want to know right away." 
"No problem." 
"Right let's get to what I do best." Bryce grabbed her jacket and followed Kris out to the house. 

A pair of binoculars was trained on Bryce as she walked across the location. 
You'll never figure it out Royal. I'm just too smart for you. 



Kris watched Bryce deliver her piece to camera with pride. She showed none of the stress and tension she was feeling about the stalker situation. Ever the consummate professional, Bryce was able to go to a different space in her mind, a calm dispassionate place that allowed her to work under the most trying circumstances. Kris supposed it was the discipline of her martial arts training that enabled her to do it. 
It was now close to midnight. 
They would then be taken to the house and left to record any strange noises or happenings with their own video cameras. Then at around 2 am, they would be taken from the house and placed in the coffins. The lids then would be shut and they would recorded their experiences on video camera situated within the coffin. 

The house is said to be haunted by four different ghosts. One appears to be the present owner's father. He has allegedly been seen holding his great granddaughter in an upstairs window. 
The other is a greyish smoke- like figure that can reportedly pass through people in the home's kitchen. As the basement was being renovated, an unexplained swastika was found built into the linoleum floor. 
The ghosts of a woman and a dog have been seen walking the grounds at night. The woman is said to be waiting for her lover, who never comes, and can be heard wailing through the night. 
Will we be able to brave the ghoulish goings on? Will Steve Jones have the courage see through Bryce's Dare or will he be left running scared? We'll find out over the course of the night, when we take part in 'Dark Terror!' 

"Cut! That's great, Bryce. Let's move to the coffin site." The director shouted to the crew. 
The set became a hive of activity as the crew moved cameras and cables to the new location. Bryce and Steve had their cell phones taken off them, given their cameras, and taken inside to begin recording. 


Colby woke up in front of the security monitors. She had stayed on watch all night after the incident in Bryce's trailer. 
Colby stretched her long body and yawned, looking over at the clock on the laptop. 
"5 am? Man I need coffee!" She said rubbing the sleep from her face. 
Just then, Jodi popped her head round the door. "Would you like some coffee Colby?" 
"You read my mind! You're up awful early." 
"I'm used to being up for work and Lindsey will be up shortly expecting breakfast. Is there anything you don't like?" 
"You don't have to make me anything. I can..." 
"Don't be silly. What about cheese omelettes, bacon and toast?" 
"That would be wonderful, thanks." Colby could see how Bryce loved this woman so deeply. It would be so easy to fall into the haze of her the beauty, warmth and caring, that seemed to radiate. 
Get a grip, Forest, She mentally slapped herself and turned her attention to her laptop. 
She had emailed the details of the stalker, who had left the present for Bryce, to her friend in the FBI last night. He had promised to email back the results as soon as possible. 
She opened up her email client and gasped when she saw the banner headline on the rolling news. 

"Shit!" Not wanting Jodi to put the TV on and let Lindsey see, she jumped from the desk and swiftly moved through to the kitchen. 
Jodi looked up. "Hi, Here's your coffee. I was just going to bring it through." When she saw the strange look on Colby's face, she knew something was wrong and panic seized her chest. "What? Has something happened? Is it Bryce?" 
"No! no. Please calm down. It's not that. I just didn't want you to turn on the morning news with Lindsey around. I think it's best if you watch." She lifted the TV remote and switched on the TV in the kitchen. 

'If you're just joining us, we're talking about the big celebrity news. People Magazine claims to have evidence that exposes the paternity of Jodi Bishop's child. Jodi Bishop is the young waitress who has captured the public's imagination as the everyday girl who stole the TV star Bryce Royal's heart. We are now joined by Malik Osgood, who has followed Bryce Royal's career with interest, and was the man to break this morning's story.' 
Colby watched as Jodi gasped, clasping her hand to her mouth. Upset females were not her specialty, but Colby felt she had to do something. 
Shit. What do I do? Colby awkwardly started rubbing her back in soothing strokes. 
The news anchor continued. 

"Malik, Thank you for joining us." 
"Thank you for having me on, Matt." 
"Malik, can you tells us the back ground to this story? It sounds a little like a soap opera." 
"Yes it does., but it's just another in the long line of events that makes Bryce Royal's life a soap opera. The country's hero, bringing back gold from the Olympics. The Internet sensation who got a TV show that went stellar all over the world. Then she meets the love of her life at a rundown diner and whisks the woman off to live in her luxurious condo. Throw in a stalker, and I think you'll agree her brother being the biological father of her girlfriend's daughter isn't really a step too far." 
"Your right there, Malik. Tell us about Joseph Royal and how you got hold of this information?" 
"Well Matt, A couple of seasons into Bryce's hit TV show, Everette Royal followed his sister into showbiz looking for the big time. He didn't have the same luck or talent, apparently, and soon got involved in the party scene. Before long he was addicted to coke and alcohol. From my research, Bryce tried getting him into rehab several times, but it never stuck, and she refused to give him anymore money that he could use for drugs. My contact at the fertility clinic tells me that Everette came in desperate for money; That was all he was concerned with. He got paid and, a short time later, died of an overdose. Jodi Bishop came along, chose her donor and the rest is history." 
"It's an amazing story, no response from either Bryce or Miss Bishop, but I'm sure we'll hear more over the coming days. Malik Osgood, thank you. We'll be right back after these messages." 

"Oh God...I...I don't..." Tears streamed down Jodi's face as she tried make sense of her thoughts which were racing around her brain. 
"Jodi, do you want me to get a hold of Bryce for you?" She pulled out her cell, phone ready to dial. 
Everette's the donor? How is this possible? If this is true, then Bryce is... 
Suddenly calm Jodi knew what she needed to do. 
"No. I need to phone the clinic. I need to know if this is true. Bryce must still be working in that house or she would have phoned." 
"I'll get you the number." Colby did a search on her phone and wrote it down. 
"Thanks, I'll make the call in the office. Can you listen for Lindsey and please, don't let her put on the TV." 
"Of course, you go ahead. I'll watch her." 

Once inside the office, Jodi let her head fall back against the door and let out a long breath. 
When she had chosen her anonymous donor, Jodi had based her choice on three things - He was tall with dark hair and worked in the theatre. Although most women chose someone educated like a professor, doctor or lawyer; Jodi had wanted her child to have that artistic flair that she so admired. She imagined some young hard working actor, plying his trade off Broadway, looking for his break. Joseph was no actor though. He had followed his sister looking for the fame, but, if this was right, Lindsey would have all the best elements of Bryce. Lindsey would be hers because, from what Bryce had told her, Everette loved and idolised his sister. If he'd lived he was sure to have given Bryce a helping hand at starting a family. 
She rallied all her courage and dialled the number. 
"Hello, This is Jodi Bishop." 
"Yes, I have seen the news. Before we discuss how the press got this information, I want you to confirm that the donor was Joseph Royal." 
"Yes, my security number is 91101980." 
Tears started to roll down her face as she listened to the answer. 
"And the rest of the batch? Is it still secure and available only to me?" 
"Thank you. I'll be in touch." 
She replaced the phone and looked at the picture of Lindsey and herself on Bryce's desk. 

You wanted us to be a family, honey. Are you ready for this? 
She made her way back to the kitchen. Lindsey, thankfully, still wasn't up. 
"Is everything alright? Morris phoned up to say the front of the building is swarming with press." 
"It's true. All of it. I need to get hold of Bryce. I don't want her to panic. Malik Osgood messed with her before and she went crazy. I know she looks big and tough, but she's so sensitive and unsure of herself inside, her first reaction is anger when threatened. I need to speak to her and tell her everything will be ok." 
"I'll get hold of Kris for you." 

To be continued...........
Chapter 6

Kris hung up the phone to Jodi and was more than a little shell-shocked. The crew had told her of the morning news, but she couldn't believe it until Jodi had called. 
After being left in the haunted house at midnight, Bryce and Steve had been placed in the coffins at two am. Bryce had been underground without any communication from the outside for three hours. So had no idea what awaited her outside. 

Steve Jones had bailed after half an hour, screaming that he couldn't take the claustrophobia and the rats any longer. So Bryce had won her dare again, and made some good money for charity. 
"Pauley, who was standing with Kris outside Bryce's trailer said, "How do you think she'll take it?" 

When Bryce had been helped from the coffin she badly needed a shower, so Kris ordered no one to tell Bryce of the breaking news. Kris also still held onto her employer's phone, hoping Bryce wouldn't have the chance to hear the news until she herself could break it to her. 
Kris sighed. "I wouldn't want to be Malik Osgood, that's for sure." 

Just then, Bryce strode out of the trailer. She was beaming and obviously delighted to have won another dare. 
"Woo hoo! What a night! You should see some of the footage I got. Some great noises, I'm sure I got footsteps and..." 
She stopped when she saw the looks on Kris and Pauley's faces. Fear gripped her. 

"What's wrong? Did something happen at home?" 
"No. Jodi and Lindsey are safe. Don't worry. There was a... news story, that broke this morning... it's difficult..." 
"Tell me now!" she demanded. 

As Kris related the details to Bryce, she watched the TV star's face turn to stone. 

At the end, she said nothing, but took off towards one of the crew vehicles. 
"Bryce stop! Call Jodi, please! Don't do something you'll regret!" 
She was in the car and sped off before Kris could finish the sentence. 


Bryce had sped away from the location, with every intention of breaking every bone in Malik's body. She knew he kept an office in the city,, but she found herself to driving towards Brooklyn rather than his office. She felt pulled towards Holy Cross graveyard, where Everette was buried. It took over an hour, but she felt she had to see him. On the way her rage turned to confusion. She had idea what came next. 
Bryce had raced away from the location with every intention of breaking every bone in Malik's body. She knew he had an office in the city,, but she found herself driving towards Brooklyn rather than his office. She felt pulled towards Holy Cross cemetery, where Everette was buried. It took over an hour,, but she felt she had to see him. On the way, her rage turned to confusion. Bryce had no idea what came next. 

What will Jodi think? Will this just be too freaky for her and she'll leave? And Lindsey? Fuck! 
She pulled into the parking lot and sat staring at the entrance to the chapel. Her mind drifted back to one of the saddest days of her life. Everette's funeral. Her father had been so distraught at his son's death that4 he took his grief out on Bryce, blaming her celebrity lifestyle for pulling him into the world of drinking and drugs. 
Their last argument had been the night before the funeral. 
You will not stop me from going to my own brother's funeral, Dad!" 

The priest shifted uncomfortably in his seat. He had come over to the house to lead prayers before the next day's funeral, and had interrupted Benny Royal and his daughter arguing. 

Since her father wouldn't return her calls, Bryce had arrived at the house to find out the arrangements only to be informed that her presence was not wanted. Her mother sat weeping, watching her only surviving child argue with her husband. 

"You will not keep me from my own brother's funeral, dad!" Father and daughter stood nose-to-nose. 
"You brought him to this. He was just a boy and he fell into your lifestyle!" 
"And what lifestyle is that, dad?" 
"Parties, alcohol, drugs! Whatever else you and those other faggots get up to!" 
Bryce's anger was about ready to snap. The familiar feeling of anger twisted through her veins, making her feel a little sick, and her fists balled up ready to strike. 
Father Dunne, the silver haired priest whom she had known since she was a child, jumped between them. The look of fire in the woman's eyes making him fear for Benny. 

"Bryce! Calm down. This will get you nowhere. If you strike your father you will regret it for the rest of your life." 
It took all of Bryce's strength to move away and head for the door. She turned at the door and said, "I was never part of that lifestyle. Show business wasn't for him, he wanted the fame without the work; and because it didn't come, he filled the gap with drugs and alcohol. Where were you, Dad, when he was left unconscious by drug dealers? Where were you when he had to be rushed to the hospital to get his stomach pumped? You weren't there. I was. I picked him off the floor, cleaned him, paid his medical bills and got him into rehab;, but it never worked. He couldn't do it and I couldn't stop him from using. Even when he had no money, and I wouldn't give him any, he found a way. You left me to fight that battle alone, Dad. Think about that when you're throwing blame around. I will be at the funeral tomorrow and I will take my place as his sister." 
Benny turned and walked away from his daughter. After Bryce left, Father Dunne caught up with her and she rolled down her window, "Bryce, he's hurting. I know you are, as well,, but I think deep down he blames himself. Give him time." 
Tears ran down Bryce's face. "It hurts so much Father. Everything I have, the success, the money, doesn't mean much with this pain." 
"It'll never go away, but it will get easier with time, and you will know happiness again." 
"Why are you so sure?" 
"Because I believe God does not give you pain like this without having happiness planned for you. Things will work out as they should." 
He was right. It never did go away, but it did get easier with each day, and meeting Jodi had brought the happiness back. As Bryce walked down to the gravesite, she thought, to donate to a sperm bank, he must have been so desperate. 

The guilt was beginning to gnaw at her guts, twisting and churning her up. 
Bryce found herself standing in front of Everette's headstone. It was planted all around with flowers in different sized pots. "Hey, little bro. I guess dad still takes care of you, huh? I'm... I'm sorry I haven't been here for a while, Everette. It's difficult. I've missed you, buddy. Ever since you... left. It's just been me. Dad still doesn't talk,, but you know what he's like, he could hold a grudge until the end of time. I met someone, but I guess you know that, right? Jodi's perfect; she just gets me. I can be myself with her and I don't trip over my words in front of her. Well mostly. 

You know how rare that is for me. Remember that time you persuaded me to go out to a club with you? I saw that pretty girl at the bar and you introduced me? And do you remember what the first words out my mouth were? I stumbled around my brain, searching for something to say and my opening line was. 'Uh... you have... uh, nice breasts.' She slapped me and stormed off. You laughed for a month over that. Well guess what? I can have whole conversations with Jodi without mentioning her breasts if I want. She's the love of my life. Did you send her to me, little bro? Did you send me into the diner that night?" 
Bryce leaned her head back and took a deep breath, listening to the wind swirl around the graveyard as if it might carry Everette's voice. 
"You helped her get the most beautiful little girl." 
I know you never saw yourself as a family man type; it was always me that dreamed of having the wife, the kids, the white picket fence... oh... you?..." 
A thought flashed through her brain. She knelt down on the grass and touched the stone, hoping to feel closely connected Everette. 
Her mind drifted back to one Christmas seven or eight years ago. She had come home to spend the holiday with her family. After a long day of church and opening presents, they were now enjoying dinner. 

"This has been a great day. We're glad you came home, Bryce. We miss you." 
"I'm sorry, mom, it's just the show is really taking off at the club and I can't take my eye off the ball." 
Benny stood and clapped his daughter on the back. 
"Well. We're together as a family and that's what it's all about. The only thing that will make it better is when you two bring me home some grandkids." 
Father and mother left the two siblings alone, while they cleaned up in the kitchen. 
"Well big sister, you do know it's your responsibility to provide the grandkids? I know you want to find a little lady and settle down one day. I think having kids would give me hives!" 
Bryce laughed. Her brother could be such a queen sometimes. 
"I would love that, Everette,, but there are a couple of problems with that plan." 
"And what would those be, dear sister?" 
"One, whenever I talk to a woman I fall to pieces; and two, I lack the necessary equipment." 
"Oh come on, Bryce. We both know you've always had more balls than I've ever had. Let's face it, sis, you're the son dad wanted." 
"Everette, don't......" 
"No. It's okay, Bryce. I'm not sad about it. It just isn't who I was meant to be. You were, and if you ever get that big motorcycle boot out of your mouth and catch a nice girl, I'll help you out. They'll be all yours." 

Bryce's heart raced as she realized what this meant. "She's mine!" 
She stood and kissed the stone. "Thank you for this gift, little bro. I love you." 
She raced back to the car as quick as she could. 



A lone individual sat in a room reading the article in People magazine. Their hands began to shake as they read on. All of a sudden, the figure's anger boiled over. "Argh!" They ripped the magazine apart, grabbed the chair and smashed it off the wall. 

"Lies! Why are they lying! They're not yours, Royal! They will never be yours!" 


Jodi paced up and down the office. "Somebody must know where she's gone, Kris. How can she just disappear? It's been hours." 
"There's nothing. We checked at Malik's office and People Magazine's local office. Nothing. I want to find her, believe me; I need to know how she wants to handle this. There are only so many times I can say, no comment," said Kris sounding exasperated. 
Jodi sighed. "I'm sorry, I'm just worried. You know what her temper's like. I worry about what she'll do and Lindsey keeps asking questions. She's scared the ghosts got her last night." 
"I'm sorry. Are you two okay? Do you want me to send Pauley over?" Kris offered. 
"It's fine, Colby's with us. Just let me know if hear anything, okay?" 
"Will do. Let me know if you hear anything, too." 
"Thanks Kris." 

"Anything?" Colby popped her head around the door and saw Jodi looking worried and hugging her arms round her chest. 
"Nothing. I don't understand why she wouldn't come home. I know it's a confusing and unreal situation,, but it makes us family. I thought that's what she wanted, maybe I was wrong." Jodi wiped away the tears that started to fall. 
Colby debated saying anything. She didn't like to reveal herself so much,, but Jodi was in pain and she couldn't help, but like the beautiful woman. 
I hope I don't regret this! 

Colby took Jodi's hand and pulled her over to sit down. "I haven't known either of you that long, but Bryce seems to me like someone who lives for her family, and this must have shook her to the core. I had a sister." Colby's voice cracked with emotion. 
"She joined the army as soon as she was old enough. She wanted to be just like me,, but she was no soldier. She got into the medical corps and was stationed in Iraq with me. They were helping the injured in a local village when they came under attack from insurgents. My unit got the call to go in. When we got there, I found her dead; her body lying across a little Iraqi girl she tried to protect. The fact that my unit was too late tortures me. I should have made it on time. I imagine that's how Bryce felt finding her brother dead in his apartment. If I found out my sister had a child I didn't know about, all of those feelings of pain and hurt would come rushing back. I'm sure she's just gone someplace to get her head around it and deal with the hurt and pain that this has brought up." 

Jodi took Colby's hand and said, "I'm so sorry about your sister." 
Colby looked down at her hand clasped in Jodi's. She didn't normally let anyone this close,, but Jodi was a kind caring person and she trusted her with the truth. 
You are one damn lucky woman, Royal. If she weren't taken I would love to be the one to make her smile. 
Feeling a little exposed, Colby decided a tactical retreat was in order. 
"I'll just go and make sure Lindsey's okay." 
"I'm going to run her bath and put her to bed. She wanted to stay up to see Bryce,, but who knows what sort of mood she'll come back in. 
"Okay, can I make us coffee or something?" 
Jodi could sense Colby was itching for something to do. 
"That would be great. Thank you." 
Please be safe, honey. 



Sometime later, Colby jumped from the couch when she heard them door being opened; her hand hovered over her weapon. 
She relaxed when the door opened to reveal Bryce creeping in. 
"Bryce. You're back at last." 
Bryce detected annoyance in Colby's voice. "Yes, I'm back. Any problems?" 
"No. Just Jodi and Lindsey being worried where you were." 
Well what happened to Miss Jodi and Miss Lindsey? 
There was something in Colby's tone that irked Bryce. "Well, I'm back, so you can get home now. Tomorrow we'll discuss the package from last night. Where's Jodi?" 
"I think she's in her room now. She was putting Lindsey to bed." 
Colby gathered her case, but couldn't help having another shot at the TV star. 

"You know Jodi's been in tears. She's been so worried and Lindsey thought the ghosts had gotten you." 
Colby saw a steely look come over Bryce's usually warm eyes. 
"I'm back now, so you can go home and leave me to see to my family." 
After Colby left, Bryce went over to the liquor cabinet, poured herself a whiskey and downed it in one. 
This it, Royal. You have to face her and if she kicks your, butt then you take it. You deserve it. 
She made her way down the hall and, taking a breath, walked into the bedroom. Jodi was sitting at the dressing table in her nightgown, brushing her hair. 
She turned and, when she saw who it was, launched herself at Bryce, kissing all over her face. Bryce gathered Jodi up and squeezed her tight. 
When she was sure her girlfriend was alright, the temper came. "Why didn't you tell me you were safe? I have been worried sick all day! And Lindsey has been asking for you every five minutes! Did you call Kris?" 
"Yes. On the way back. I'm sorry. I had to think. I was so confused." 
"You were confused? I heard it this morning on the news, don't you think I was confused and needed you?" 
"I went to the graveyard to talk to Everette," Bryce said sadly. 

Jodi immediately calmed down. "Oh? And did you come to any conclusions?" 
Bryce stroked the side of Jodi's face tenderly. "Yes. Lindsey is mine. Yours and mine." 
"Of course she is, honey. You know I want us to be a family, even if the donor hadn't been your brother... " 
"No, you don't understand. She really is ours. She was meant to be mine." 
Bryce explained the memory that had popped into her head when she spoke to her brother at the grave. 
"Oh my God. You're right. If he had lived, he would have helped us with this donation. He would have helped us conceive our babies." 
Bryce looked down at Jodi with a new, deeper connection. She didn't think she could love Jodi or Lindsey anymore than she did,, but something had changed. They were forever linked. A family not just of the heart,, but of flesh, blood and DNA. 

"She is ours," Bryce said huskily. 
Jodi saw the look of hunger and want on her partner's face. She felt a pull in her stomach and a steady thud begin deep inside. 
Their mouths came crashing together in a fiery passionate kiss. 
They both felt the need to connect at some deep level, to confirm the bonds between their souls were now unbreakable. 
Bryce needed to take, to prove what was hers and hers alone. She untied the dressing gown, delighted to find Jodi naked underneath. She picked Jodi up, her girlfriend's legs wrapping around her waist while the bruising kisses continued. She carried Jodi over to the wall, balancing her against it. Bryce's big hands found Jodi's breasts, alternating between squeezing them hard and pinching the hard nubs with her fingers, while Bryce's teeth bit and marked their way down her neck. 
"Oh God yes, Bryce! I like it hard. Take me. Take me fast and hard. Please?" 
Bryce growled and felt a rush of power. She thrust two fingers straight into Jodi, who still had her legs wrapped around her. 
"Ah! Oh God! Yes! That feels so good, Bryce. Fuck me! Fuck me harder!" 
Bryce felt she could come any second without any stimulation. It always made her so hard and ready to come hearing the normally very polite Jodi talk in vulgar terms. 
Bryce used her hips to thrust her hand into Jodi harder. She could feel Jodi tighten around her fingers and knew it wouldn't be much longer. 
"Oh! I'm going to come, Bryce." 
Bryce thrust even faster then said into her ear, "you're mine. Mine forever. Come for me now!" 
Jodi's legs tightened around her waist and her nails dug into Bryce's shoulders as she fell over the edge into a white hot heat that seared though her body, soothed by the words of love Bryce was whispering over and over in her ear. 

Panting, Jodi came back to earth and opened her eyes, holding onto Bryce's neck like a life preserver. 
"I love you, Bryce." She reached down between them, starting to undo Bryce's belt. 
"No. I want to feel closer. Inside you. Please?" 
Jodi knew what she was asking. It had arrived in the mail yesterday. They hadn't used it yet, but Bryce had worn it around the bedroom. She said she had to bond with it. 
As soon as she put it on, Bryce felt at home; it felt like a natural extension of herself. She knew that as soon as she touched it and felt the pull in her clit at the same time. Jodi had loved seeing Bryce wear it. The coloring was a near-perfect match for Bryce and it felt so real. 
Jodi ran her fingers through Bryce's thick dark hair. "Yes. I want that. I'll wait for you in bed. 
Bryce lowered her to the ground, letting her get into the big bed. Jodi watched as Bryce got ready. She began to throb again when she saw her girlfriend stalk towards her with the look of a predator about to devour her prey. 

Bryce slipped between the sheets and on top of Jodi, resting her elbows either side of Jodi's head and looking deeply into her eyes. 
"I want you so badly it hurts; I want to be so deeply inside that I'm a part of you." Jodi saw the look of longing in Bryce's eyes, and could feel the new feeling of hardness between them. "Then take what's yours." 
Bryce reached down and felt the copious amount of wetness Jodi had produced. 
"Oh God! You're so ready for my cock." Bryce felt her own hard nub stiffen to an almost painful point underneath the base of her strap on. 
"Yes I 'am. Let me feel you, stretch me, fill me up Bryce!" 
Bryce eased in slowly until she completely filled her partner. 
"Feels so good inside baby." 
Jodi ran her hands up and down Bryce's muscled arms and shoulders. They were among Jodi's favorite parts of her partner's body, and to know that she was the only one who could enjoy them like this thrilled Jodi. 
Bryce moaned as she started a gentle thrust. Jodi looked up at Bryce, mesmerised by the look on her partners face. She saw only pleasure, love and devotion. 
"Baby? Can you feel me? I'm deep inside you. I feel like I can't get close enough." 
"I feel you, honey. You're part of me." 
"Need... need to be closer. It's not enough." Bryce quickly came up on her knees, all the while staying inside, and placed Jodi's legs on either of her shoulders. She pulled Jodi's hips closer. Bryce then leaned forward a little and began a long slow thrust. 
"Oh god, Bryce. It's so deep!" This new position touched a place inside her that made her feel exquisite pleasure, but made her want to cry at the same time. 
"You feel so good around my cock. Shit!" 
"Yes, give it to me harder. Make us come together!" 
"Fuck yes!" Bryce grabbed on to her hips and pulled Jodi towards her thrusts, which were getting faster and faster. The erotic sound of slapping flesh spurred her on towards the end. 
Bryce felt all the tension and pleasure begin to build up to a point where she knew she couldn't stop. 
"I'm coming baby. Can't stop!" 
"Yes, come now. With me, please?" 
"Fuck!" Bryce leaned back and roared, holding onto Jodi's legs and thrusting fiercely as her orgasm seemed to flow from her groin into her girlfriend. 
Bryce collapsed on Jodi, whose arms came around her reassuringly and held her tight as she shook from the power of her orgasm. 
"It's okay, honey." Jodi cooed. 
"I... I... love you." Bryce's voice sounded raw. 
"I know, honey. I love you." 
Bryce lifted her head and tears were running down Jodi's face. 

Oh God! What have I done! 
"I'm so sorry, baby. I was too rough wasn't I? Shit! I... " 
Jodi placed a finger across Bryce's lips. 
"Stop. You didn't hurt me and you weren't rough. You were passionate and in control, just the way I like it. You had me so turned on." Jodi smiled saucily. "And that way you made love to me? You touched places so deep it made me want to cry, scream, scratch your back and smile at the same time." 
Jodi watched a cheeky smirk develop on Bryce's face. She waggled her hips, her strap on still inside. "It was that good?" 
"Ugh. It's tender in there, goofy!" Jodi play slapped her partner's backside. "Yes, it was that good. I loved it." 
Bryce pulled out gently and, lying on her back, gathered Jodi in her arms. 
"I got to tell you, baby girl, that was fucking amazing. I thought I was gonna pass out!" 
Jodi leaned up on her elbow full of smiles. "Yeah?" She stroked Bryce's hard abs. "And how did you like using our new friend?" 
"It was amazing! It was like it was a part of me. It felt like nothing mattered, but being deep inside. I think it's gonna be my new favorite friend." 
Jodi grabbed Bryce's cock and gently stroked it from base to head. 
"Ugh! Baby. I can't concentrate when you do that and we have to talk before tomorrow." 
"You can it feel it when I do this?" 
Bryce nodded. "Bryce nodded. "Yeah. I told you it's like it's connected to my clit. It feels like a part of me and watching it in your hand just blows my mind." 

"Could you come this way?" 
Bryce put her hand over Jodi's and brought it up to her waist. 
"Yes. Easily. So that's why you have to a good girl so we can talk." 
Jodi smirked. "Okay I'll be good,, but you do realise my mind is now whirling with things I want to do to you and have you to do to me?" 
Bryce whimpered. "Yeah. I think you might kill me,, but I'm looking forward to it. Come here, baby girl." Bryce quickly took off the strap on, so they could talk without temptation. 

"So how do you feel about today?" Asked Bryce. 
"Well, apart from the way we found out via that horrid man, Malik Osgood, I'd say it's the most wonderful thing that I could ever have dreamed of. I was meant for you, Bryce Royal. Even before I knew you, I had your baby." 
Bryce's smiled a goofy smile. "It makes me so happy to hear those words." 
"When I went to the clinic and looked through the available donors, you would think that I would pick a blonde donor because Danielle and I are blonde,, but when I came to your brother I just pictured a beautiful dark haired, blue eyed baby. I knew it was right. It was meant to be, Bryce. From the moment we met, it's just been right. Look at the way Lindsey took to you right away? She's always shy with strangers, it's as if she knew you were her other Mom." 
"Mom? I'm a mom? Woah. I never thought of that. Wow." Bryce looked stunned. 

Jodi ticked Bryce's stomach, smiling."Well you're not exactly the mama type like me, are you?" 
Bryce laughed. "I guess not. Too, butch huh?" 
Jodi raised herself above her partner and kissed her obviously wanting more. "Yeah., but that's just the way I like you." 
Bryce pulled away moaning. "Baby girl, you're killing me here. I'm trying to be all grown up and talk about this, and you're making me want to have you again!" 
Jodi giggled like a naughty schoolgirl. "I'll behave. Sorry. Eh...I was looking at your brother's picture today, the one in the frame on the bookcase?" 
"Yeah, that was taken when I made him go hiking with me. He hated it. He could be such a queen. You would have had fun with him. Shopping and that boring stuff." 
"All that boring stuff?" 
"You know. Girl stuff." 
"Oh. I see." Jodi nodded indulgently. "Well even though he's Lindsey's biological parent, she's so much more like you. He's dark and blue eyed, but he's smaller in height and build. I think Lindsey's going to have a bigger build like you. And going by her love of all things like cars, gadgets and games, I think she'll have your personality too." 
"Well what do you expect, she is my kid?" It feels so good to say that! 
Bryce said proudly, "But there's one thing she doesn't have." 
"What?" Bryce rolled Jodi over onto her back and placed a big hand in the centre of her chest. 
"She doesn't have my heart. That little girl's loving and caring nature is all yours, Jodi." 
Jodi ran her fingers through Bryce's hair. "You are my everything, Bryce. Lindsey and I couldn't live without you." 
"That's good because I've something more to say. I want no more talk of going back to your apartment when things are safer. I want you both with me forever. I'll be dammed if my family is going to live in two different places." Jodi went to speak and was silenced again. "I'm not finished. I also want no more talk of giving me time and space before committing to me. I want that commitment, especially now." 
Bryce caressed Jodi's face, her heart thudding at what she was about to do. She had decided at the cemetery what she needed to do, but deciding and actually doing it were two different things. She got up, got the box from her jeans pocket, and walked around to Jodi's side of the bed. Bryce got down on one knee. 
"This should probably be done in a much more romantic way, but... well today pushed things along a bit." 
Bryce took her hand, held out the open box and said, "Jodi Grace Bishop, you are the mother of my child and the love of my life. Will you do me the honor of becoming my wife and making us a family?" 
Jodi sat up, holding the sheet around her. A million thoughts rushed around her head as she looked down at the most beautiful ring she had ever seen. 
"When... " gasped Jodi. 
"I stopped off at DeBeers on the way back. They weren't too impressed with how I was dressed, but when they realised what I was buying, they changed their mind. Is it okay? I... I wasn't sure what to get, but I told the assistant that you liked simple, but that I wanted something really special. She suggested this." 
Jodi looked open mouthed at the large square cut diamond atop a platinum band. 
"Yes." She whispered. 
Bryce looked confused. "Is that a yes you like it or yes you'll marry me?" 
Jodi smiled warmly. "Yes to both. I'd love to become your wife." 
Bryce launched herself towards Jodi and squeezed her tight. 

"Really?" Jodi laughed and nodded vigorously. 
"Wow! You've made me the happiest I've ever been in my life. Oh, the ring." 
Bryce very carefully took the ring from the box and placed it on Jodi's finger. Jodi lifted her hand to admire the ring. 
"It's beautiful, honey. It's like a ring from a fairytale. I'm sure you spent too much money on it." 
Bryce peppered little kisses across her knuckles. 
"You deserve everything. I'm only sorry that you had to go through hard times when you were having Lindsey. You should have been at home enjoying every minute of your pregnancy,, but I can promise you and Lindsey that from now on neither of you will want for anything for the rest of your lives. 
Tears ran down Jodi's face. She had always resisted Bryce spending too much money on them, having to be independent through necessity for so many years. 
"But the declaration Bryce had just made was not about control, it was about showing how much she cared. About how she loved Jodi and Lindsey in a way that Danielle never had. Bryce was a provider and protector by nature and it filled Jodi with joy to know that she and her daughter were the sole focus of that protection. 

"What's wrong? Why are you crying, baby girl?" 
"I'm just so happy. I know we have more to talk about, but please, will you make love to me now?" 
"With pleasure." 
And Bryce did just that. She poured all the love in her heart and soul into their passion, trying to show Jodi just how much the blonde meant to her. 



After making love long into the night, the two newly engaged women slept wrapped around each other. 
Bryce woke up early, around 4:30, and went to make them coffee. 
She came back with the tray and tried to wake Jodi gently. 
"Jodi? Wake up, baby girl." 
"Hmm. Too early, Bryce... go back to sleep." 
"I know its early, baby,, but I've got to go to work in a while and we need to talk before Lindsey gets up, and decide what to tell Kris to tell the press. I brought coffee. It's not as good as yours,, but it's drinkable." 
"Alright! I'm up! I'm up! Give me a nightgown, will you?" 
"Bryce grabbed one from the dresser and gave it to Jodi. Bryce sat down and Jodi took the cup of coffee and sat down beside her. 
"Hmm. tastes good." She looked down at her sparkling ring smiling and said, "We're engaged." 
"Yes, I know. You've made me a happy TV star. Just don't lose that or a small insurance firm may go out of business. 
"It wasn't too expensive was it?" Jodi asked worriedly. 
"You don't need to worry about that, all you need to worry about is how beautiful you look wearing it." 

"You know, I feel a little smug." Jodi said. 
"Oh? And why, apart from having a devilishly handsome fiance, would you feel smug?" 
Jodi smacked Bryce on the arm. I feel smug because Malik Osgood thought he had something on you that was really going to make you angry and upset out lives, but, in fact, finding out about Lindsey was the happiest news that we could have been given." 

"You're right. This is all I've ever dreamed of. That little girl through there is part me, part of my blood, my DNA, my family, and my heritage. Nothing could make me happier. What will we tell her?" 
"I think we should tell her today in case she hears anything on TV. I think if we tell her the truth, that your brother helped me make a baby so you and I could be her Moms, I think that would be best. She's going to be one happy girl having you as a Mom." 
Bryce smiled shyly. 

"I hope so." 
"There's one more thing you need to know about the donation." 
Bryce's heart sank. Shit I knew it couldn't all be good news! 
"What is it?" 
Jodi put her coffee down on the bedside table. 
"You know that my dream had always been to have a large family?" 
Bryce nodded. "Well, when I chose your brother's donation, I bought the whole lot so that Lindsey could have full brothers or sisters in the future, if I could afford to have them. I didn't want anyone else to have it. I checked with the clinic when I called yesterday and the donation is still healthy and viable." 
Bryce looked a little stunned. "You mean... if we want to have some more kids, they'll be ours? The same as Lindsey?" 
"Yes honey. If you want to, you can get me pregnant whenever we want." 
Bryce leaped on Jodi, pinning her to the bed and raining kisses on her face and neck. "I want! I want! When can we start?" She wiggled her hips suggestively into Jodi's groin. 
Jodi chuckled. Hay calm down, goofy! How about we wait till we're married? You really want to have more children with me?" 
"Are you kidding? I want as many as you're willing to have. Remember I told you about how I wanted to buy a house on Long Island on the beach? Fill it up with a family? Have a workshop so I can play with my tools, a boat maybe to take the kids out in? I'll have a big gym, I can teach Lindsey Taekwondo, and whoever else comes along." Bryce said excitedly. 

"The night you walked into my diner you made my dreams come true, you know that?" Jodi replied. 
"I think both our dreams came true, and I think Everette guided me to that diner. I can't imagine my life without you." 
Their lips met, not in fiery passion this time,, but in a tender way the spoke of all the love these two people held for each other. 
"I guess we've decided how we'll handle the press, huh?" Bryce asked. 
"Yes. Tell them we were delighted with the news and announce that we're getting married. No angst or pain here." 
"You do realize, with this story and the wedding, you're going to be in the papers even more. They'll be speculating on what dress you'll be wearing, where we're having it, guest lists, the whole lot." Bryce warned. 
"I don't care. I have you and that's all that matters. I think I'm ready to become the wife of a TV star." 

"Great I'll go and phone Kris before Linds gets up." 
Suddenly a thought flashed through Jodi's mind. 
"Honey! Did you put away your... your... you know, before Lindsey comes in?" 
Bryce laughed at Jodi's embarrassment over it. "You weren't so shy about it when my little buddy was inside you! You were screaming his name." 
Jodi threw a pillow at Bryce's head. "That's enough, TV star! That is if you ever want to have sex again?" 
Bryce dropped to her knees on Jodi's side of the bed. "I'm sorry, baby girl." Bryce leaned in to kiss Jodi's neck. "You know I can't live without your touch, your sweet kisses." 
"Get going you goof!" Jodi smacked Bryce on the arm. 



After getting dressed and making her calls, Bryce made her way back to the kitchen. Kris gave her an earful for leaving yesterday, but she soon cheered up when she realized she had a wedding to help organise. Kris advised that the couple should do one big interview with a major TV station, so the public could see them, and then ask for privacy for the wedding. Bryce had promised she would ask Jodi. 
When she entered the bedroom, she found Lindsey cuddled into her mother. 
"Bry! You back! I missed you. Did da ghosts get you?" 
Bryce lifted the girl and, lying down beside Jodi, brought Lindsey into her lap. 
"Nah! They were scared of me, Smurflet! I missed you an awful lot yesterday too, and I'm sorry I didn't come home till after bedtime, but something came up I had to sort out." 
Lindsey cuddled into her chest, seeking reassurance. "It's okay Bry. I ove you." 
"I love you too, Linds. More than you know." 
Jodi cleared her throat. "Lindsey, Bryce and I have something important to tell you. Come sit between us." 
The little girl looked at her mother with Bryce's big blue eyes. How did I not see it before? She's like a little clone! 

"Remember when you asked me before if you had a daddy?" 
Lindsey nodded. 
"I told you mama went to the hospital and a man helped me make you? Well we found out that the man that helped me make you was Bryce's little brother, and he wanted Bryce to have a baby with mama. So that means you belong to both Bryce and me." 
Jodi watched her little brain trying to work out the puzzle, she probably wouldn't understand fully until she was a little older. 
"Bry are you my daddy?" Bryce gave Jodi a panicked look. 
"That's sort of true honey,, but Bryce is a girl so it's probably better to call her your other mom. We are family sweetie; we all have the same blood, just like you and mama." 
Lindsey crawled up to Bryce and touched Bryce's cheek with her little hand. "Bry? You my mom?" 
"Yeah Smurf. Is that okay with you?" 
Lindsey threw her arms round Bryce's neck. "You my Mom! I have a mom and a mama!" 

Bryce thought her heart would burst from the joy she was feeling. 
"That's right, Smurf. You're my kid and I love you. You know what else?" 
Lindsey shook her head. "I asked your mama if she would marry me so we could become a real family and she said yes. Look at your mama's pretty ring." 
Lindsey's mouth formed an "o". "That's so pretty, mama. We going to be a family? Mom won't ever go away?" 
"Never. I don't think we could get her to leave even if we hit her with a big stick!" 
"Ha! Ha!" Lindsey laughed and jumped up and down on the bed. "I have a mom! I have a mom and a mama!" 
Jodi kissed Bryce on the cheek. "You've made her the happiest little girl in the world." 
"Come play with me, mom." Lindsey tugged at Bryce's hand. 
Feeling she should let them bond more, Jodi said, "You two play and I'll make us breakfast,, but after that mom has to talk with Colby and get ready for work. She's on the TV tonight." 
"Okay mama. Come on, mom!" 
"I think she may never let you go now," said Jodi. 
Bryce had a happy, goofy look on her face. "Good. My daughter is someone you never let go of." 
Lindsey pulled Bryce off to the playroom. 
Jodi sighed. Well, you've done it, Jodi. You've got the family you always wanted! 



Colby walked up to the door of the Royal home at 7 am, unsure what she would find. When she left the night before, Bryce had been AWOL all day and Jodi was getting madder by the second. When Bryce eventually came creeping in, she was glad she wasn't the one to face the young woman. 
When she knocked and Jodi opened the door, whatever scene she thought she would find, it was not this. Bryce was on the floor wrestling and tickling Lindsey, who was laughing and having the time of her life, and Jodi was beaming watching them. 
"Good morning Colby. Come in, I kept some breakfast for you. Bryce Royal! If you make your daughter sick, you can clean it up!" Jodi chastised. 
Her daughter? That's new, thought Colby. 
"Alright Smurf! We better calm down before your mama kicks my, butt!" 
"Okay mom,, but mama wouldn't tick your, butt, she oves you." 
"That's good to know, Linds." Bryce patted Lindsey's head. 

"Bryce, I'll go and get her dressed so you can talk to Colby. Before I do... Colby? We have something to tell you." 
Jodi had lifted Lindsey up and Bryce stood proudly with her arm round Jodi's shoulders. 
Jodi nudged Bryce in the ribs. "Oh yeah. Uh... last night, I asked Jodi if she would do me the honor of becoming my wife, and she said yes. Kris is releasing it to the press today." 
Jodi held out her engagement ring for Colby to see. 
Well played, Royal. In one fell swoop you save yourself getting your balls busted when you get home by bringing a huge diamond ring, and you make sure this little family is yours legally, thought Colby cynically. To Colby, people and especially people in relationships always had agendas. She didn't believe in the love from romance novels, soul mates who would do anything just to make their partner happy, because even family went away eventually. 

Colby leaned in and kissed Jodi's cheek. "Congratulations Jodi. I hope you'll be happy. You too, Lindsey." 
She then shook Bryce's hand. "You're very lucky, Bryce." 
"I know," replied Bryce. "I'll spend the rest of my life trying to make her happy. Come, have some breakfast while we talk." 
Colby watched Jodi walk off to get Lindsey ready for her day, the little girl chattering away to her mother. 
They seem so happy. Maybe real love is possible for some;, but not for me, thought Colby sadly. 
Bryce noticing her security guard looking off after her fiance shouted, "Hey Colby! Let's get started, shall we?" 
"Sure, sorry. I was just thinking." She sat down and Bryce took breakfast out of the oven for her. 
"Thanks. I'm going to put on weight doing this job!" Colby joked. 
"Tell me about it! Ever since I met Jodi, I've had to work a lot harder in the gym. I called Zach this morning. He's got nothing on the letter or the package I got on location. They looked into the guy that Jodi's ex flagged up, but he has no criminal record, pays his taxes, and goes to work. Nothing unusual. Zach tells me that without any evidence there's nothing they can do. They have to wait till he does something." 
"My contact in the FBI traced the email you got to an internet cafe on west 49th Street, no traceable details." 
"I need you to be extra vigilant. Whoever this is doesn't like Jodi being in a relationship with me, so it might get worse once our engagement's announced." 
Colby finished eating and lifted her cup of coffee. "Jodi have any plans today?" 
"Yeah. I don't want her to,, but how can ask her to keep Lindsey cooped up for another day without answering some awkward questions? She wants to go shopping. Oh, and she has an appointment with a decorator this afternoon. 
Jodi going to the park worried Colby. A big open space would be hard to keep safe. 
"I wouldn't recommend it. The press are camped out on the street downstairs. I don't think I could keep them safe without more people. I think you should tell her the truth." 
Bryce looked down at the floor. "I can't. Not yet, at least. She'll be so angry that I've kept this a secret; they've both been through so much over the last few days. I need to let them settle a bit first. I will tell her, just not yet. I'll just tell her it would be too unsafe with the press and stuff." 

Colby sighed. "It's your call. Listen, the decorator Jodi set up the appointment with, Rosie Henderson?" 
Bryce nodded. Jodi had finally found a decorator she liked. After going through all the usual big companies, Jodi had found the website of Rosie Henderson. A recently graduated artist, who had just started her own business. That's so like my Jodi, Bryce thought. She'd rather give a chance an enthusiastic beginner than a slick conventional business. 
"I had my associates run her details." 
Bryce had no idea who Colby's associates were,, but she was delighted that she had employed such an excellent professional. 
"I don't have to worry about anything, do I?" she asked Colby. 
"Not as such. She seems to be your classic arty hippy type. A couple of warnings and an arrest at an anti-war rally." 
Bryce tried not to smile as she observed the disgusted look on the very conservative soldier's face. 

"Well, she's young. I'm sure she's not much of a threat. Do you?" 
"Maybe not,, but I'll be keeping my eye on her. I don't trust that un-American, anti-government sort as far as I can throw them." 
"Okay. Whatever you think's best. Remember, Jodi and Linds are coming into the studio tonight. I'll leave the Jeep with you, the studio is sending a car for me. I need to get another car organised from the dealership." 
"Understood." 
"In the meantime I'm going to try and convince my fiance that she can't go out today." 
Colby smirked. "Rather you than me." 
"Gee thanks!" 



"Look, I'm sorry Jodi. It's just till things settle down a bit. The press would make it impossible to look in the stores anyway." 
Bryce had broken the news to Jodi that she must stay in today. She had not taken it well and was now, rather forcibly, folding the laundry in their bedroom. 
When Bryce received no answer, she tried again. "Jodi please. I'm doing my best here to try and make things okay for you both." 
Jodi ceased her frantic folding and sighed. "I know you are. I don't have to like it though. We're like virtual prisoners in here, and all because of a one-off burglary and some empty threats." 
Bryce stood and walked over to Jodi. Slipping her arms round her fiance's waist. 
"Even if the intruder thing hadn't happened, the press following would be the same anyway. Why don't you get on the net and do the shopping you wanted to? I'm sure you'll still find it fun. There's more choice and less hassle, and it's exciting to get deliveries." Bryce was trying hard to sell the idea. 
Jodi let her head fall back onto Bryce's chest in resignation. They had decided last night that Jodi would shop for new clothes for Lindsey and herself. Since they were now engaged, Jodi had accepted that their finances would now be shared and let go of her fierce independence and Bryce, as Lindsey's mom, said she had a lot of birthdays and Christmases to catch up on. 

Jodi turned in Bryce's arms. "You know what's so infuriating about you, goofy?" 
Bryce smiled, knowing she was going to be let off the hook. 
"I'm sure there's a ton of things annoying about me, baby girl." 
"Well yes,, but the main thing is that no matter how angry I am at you, I can't stay mad with you. You look at me with those blue goofy eyes and I want to hug you tight and kiss you." Jodi proceeded to do just that, her hands going straight to Bryce's, butt. It was one of the many places on her fiance's body that she adored. She loved the way it felt rock solid, but also how it looked in the type of slouchy jeans Bryce wore, with the low hanging back pockets and buckles, her Calvin Klein jockey shorts visible above the waistband. 
Bryce broke the kiss while she still could. "Hmm. I love your kisses, Jodi,, but you shouldn't kiss me like that unless you want me to rip your clothes off! And, unfortunately, I have to go to work." 
"Alright, spoil sport!" 

Still holding Jodi in her arms, Bryce asked. "So? You gonna buy up the internet? Remember, get everything you both need and even if you don't need it, buy it." Bryce gave Jodi's nose a quick kiss. 
Jodi placed her head on Bryce's chest. "It's going to be hard getting used to not worrying about what things cost. I had to struggle to get what Lindsey needed. So be patient with me." 
I'm so sorry you had to go through that alone. Never again, Bryce vowed as she kissed Jodi's head. 
"I understand,, but you don't have to worry again. I'll always take care of you. Your bank and credit cards will take a few days to be posted, but you have my card in the meantime, so just enjoy it. What time's the designer coming?" 
"One o'clock. Going by her website, she seems quite the colorful character. Should be interesting." 
"Well, have fun. I better get to work. Colby will bring you to the studio later. Make sure you do what she tells you and follow her advice when you go out." 
"Yes dear!" Jodi said sarcastically. 
Chapter 7

It was Sunday morning and Bryce was trying to get Lindsey ready to go out. 
"Bryce, make sure Lindsey wears her warmer jacket, its cold," called Jodi from the kitchen. 

Bryce, who was in Lindsey's bedroom getting her ready for their day out, rolled her eyes at her daughter. 

"Mama thinks we can't cope without her, Smurflet." Lindsey giggled. 
Bryce pulled on Lindsey's gloves and whispered, "I'll tell you a secret. I couldn't live without your Mama or you. Let's get to the park." 

When Lindsey was ready, Bryce grabbed her jacket and they made their way to the kitchen. 
Jodi turned and smiled when she saw them. Lindsey looked like a little marshmallow, ready to brave the cold with scarf, gloves, hat and a thick jacket. Bryce had her usual jeans, black padded jacket and beanie hat with sunglasses sitting on her head, ready to try and protect her identity. 

"You two all ready?" 
"Yeah. Were gonna head over to the park, play with the ball, get something extremely unhealthy for lunch and play some more." 
Jodi shook her head. "I know you want to have fun, but try not to stuff her so much that she's sick." 
Bryce picked Lindsey up in her arms and pouted. "Hey, I'm not that irresponsible." 
Jodi gave her partner a kiss on the cheek. "Aw. I know that, goofy. Lindsey you make sure your Mom behaves at the park, okay?" 
"I will, Mama." Lindsey shook her little finger at Bryce, "You promise to ehave, Mom?" 
Jodi burst out laughing and Bryce growled, pretending to bite the little finger offered to her, making Lindsey join her mother in laughter. 
"I promise, Smurf. And as for you, Mama Smurf?" Bryce quirked her eyebrow. 
"You will be punished for laughing." 
"Oh sure! I'm quaking in my shoes!" 
Bryce leaned over and whispered in her fiance ear, "Oh, you will be." 
Jodi felt a shiver run down her spine. Oh honey, I'll look forward to that. 
The blonde cleared her throat and smiled. "Changing the subject completely. Colby says there are only about five paparazzi downstairs. So our plan should work." 
They had come up with a plan to offer the paparazzi that followed them one picture in return for leaving them alone for the rest of the day, or Bryce would publish a picture of them out and about on twitter and facebook, making the paparazzi pictures less valuable. 

"I hope so. It's a bit late to keep Lindsey's face out of the public domain, but if we can control it, then that's half the battle." 
They had both found that since the initial media frenzy, the large throng of paparazzi had thinned down to a core group of about four or five, and they were much easier to negotiate with. 
"What time is Rosie coming?" 
"She should be here any minute." 
"Okay, well remember what we discussed. If you're happy, just go with her and get what you want, but if you do go out shopping with her for stuff, Colby goes everywhere with you." 
Jodi sighed. "Yes, dear! I'm going to put some of Lindsey's things into the guest room. She can sleep there until we've finished her own room." 
"Okay,, but if you need anything heavy moved, please ask Colby. I filled her in this morning when we were sparring. Where is Colby, anyway?" 
"Just checking her cameras, I think. And don't worry, I have Rosie to help as well." 
"Okay. Well have a nice day to yourself. I love you." 
Jodi kissed them both goodbye. "I love you both, too. Stay safe." 
"Love you, Mama. Bye!" 
She walked to the door to see them out. "Have fun!" 
"I don't think she realizes how difficult going to the park with a 3 year old is!" Jodi chuckled to herself. 



Colby watched from the living room as Jodi and Rosie laughed together. Jodi had insisted on sharing a cup of coffee and some chat before they got down to business. 
Jodi had told Colby just to relax and to use the TVs or computers while Rosie was there, but Colby wanted to keep an eye on Jodi's new friend. So she tried to look busy with some paperwork in the living room, all the while keeping an eye on the kitchen table she could see through the door. 

"So the cop was like," Rosie lowered her voice in an imitation of the cop. 'Hey, little lady. If you don't move from this vicinity I will be forced to remove you forcibly.' I say, 'well I'd like to see you try!' I knock the guy's hat off and his face goes purple with rage, and I think, 'oh well, I guess I'm not going to make my shift at the bar tonight.'', but just then the crowd surges from behind me, some guy fighting with another cop, I get pushed off to the side and the cop can't find me. So I take that as a sign that it's time to call it a day ahead to work." 
The two women laughed. "Rosie. You really are committed to the cause!" 
"Well someone has to stand up to the government and big business." 

While they were talking, Colby had entered the kitchen. Rosie saw Colby tut and shake her head in disgust. 
"Sorry to interrupt, Jodi,, but do you mind if I get a cup of coffee?" 
"Of course not, I'll get it for you." Jodi jumped up to get the coffee. 
Rosie could feel angry eyes boring into the back of her head. She turned quickly and found herself staring into Colby's stormy eyes. 
"Something bothering you, soldier boy?" 
"Yes, you." 
"Oh? Do tell me why?" Rosie replied sarcastically. 
"It bothers me that while hard working people are trying to get to their jobs, they get held up by the likes of you. It bothers me that brave public servants have to deal with you and your hipster friends, while they should be out helping and protecting law abiding citizens." 
Rosie's face was turning slightly red with anger. Of all the... low down... 
She stood, facing Colby head on. "It's the likes of me that will save this country from people like you who will give us a future of war and global warming, with the rich getting richer on the backs of the poor!" 
Colby smirked. "What? Did your yogi teach you that?" 
"Argh!" Rosie squealed in frustration. 
Jodi thought this was the right time to intervene. "Okay, why don't we agree to disagree? Rosie? Shall we go to Lindsey's room and discuss the plans?"As she steered Rosie out of the kitchen, she patted Colby on the shoulder and said with a smile, "Why don't you have some cookies with your coffee, Colby, and relax." 
When they left the kitchen, Colby slapped her hand down on the counter. 
That was so unprofessional, Forest! What are you doing? Why are you letting that hippy get to you? 
For the moment, she had no answers. 
"I'm so sorry about that, Jodi. What must you think of me? Listen, I'll just go. You don't want someone who shouts her mouth off like that to work for you." 
Jodi looked at her with a smirk. "Don't be ridiculous. I found it quite amusing," said Jodi. 
"I don't know why she annoys me so much. I hardly know her and she just makes me angry." 
"I know she appears kind of, buttoned up and moody,, but she's really very nice." 
"I'll take your word for it, Jodi. Thanks for giving me this chance. Can I show you my plans and test out the paint samples?" 
"Sure, I've been looking forward to it." 


"Mom! Mom! Higher!" Lindsey shouted. Bryce was pushing her on the swings. 
"Any higher, Smurf, and you'll be flying." She let the swing come gently back down to earth. 
They had been playing for about an hour and Bryce didn't think she'd ever had as much fun. 
Bryce swung her little girl up in her arms. How about we get some lunch, Linds? Then we can play with your ball." 
"Yeah! Me hungry. We get pizza and fries, Mom?" 
"Sure, kid, and ice cream for dessert. You can get whatever you want today,, but don't be surprised if Mama makes us eat healthy stuff tomorrow to make up for it!" 
Lindsey screwed up her face. "Ew! No like ealthy." 
Bryce smiled. "Me neither. Let's go get pizza, Smurf." 

Across the park, someone watched the mother and daughter walk away. 

"That girl is your double, Royal. She has nothing of my precious Jodi running through her veins. You can keep your brat. My Jodi and I will make our own family. Soon. You may have imprisoned her with your so-called security, Royal,, but I'm too clever for you. I will rescue my woman. No one takes what is mine!" the figure thought feverishly, and slipped away. 

The sound of the new friends' laughter brought Jodi and Rosie into the apartment. Colby followed with a scowl on her face, laden down with all their purchases. 

"Hey, it was an accident!" Rosie said defensively. 
"Yeah. Of course it was!" 
Jodi and Rosie had spent the afternoon shopping for furniture and paint samples. In Home Depot there had been an incident with a sample can of paint, that Rosie was holding, and Colby's shirt. 
"Listen, soldier boy. If I had wanted to get paint on you, you'd be covered from head to foot!" 
Jodi thought she should intervene before this escalated any further. 
"Colby, I'll get you one of Bryce's t shirts to put on. Why don't you two stop arguing and dump the stuff in Lindsey's room, okay?" 
Colby sighed and padded off with the bags. As soon as Colby's back was turned, Rosie stuck her tongue out at the tall woman, smirked at Jodi and followed her nemesis to Lindsey's room. 
Jodi shook her head and went to get the t-shirt for Colby. "What am I going to do with those two?" 



Bryce and Lindsey came crashing through the door. The TV star had her daughter slung over her shoulder. They'd had a wonderful day together, bonding and making up for the time they had missed together. 
"Now where did I put that Smurf of mine? I must have left her at the park? Oh well, I'm sure Mama will understand." 
Lindsey giggled and kicked her legs trying to get Bryce's attention. 
"You no forget me, Mom! I up here!" 
Bryce made a big show of twirling round, looking for where the voice had come from. 
"That sounded like Linds? Where'd that come from?" 
"Here, Mom! Up here!" The excited girl shouted. 
Bryce looked up and faked a shocked expression. "Linds? There you are! I knew I put you somewhere." 
"Ha! Ha! Put me down, Mom." 
"Okay, kid. Let's go and see what your Mama and Rosie have done to your room." 
They found a tense looking Colby and Rosie, trying very hard to ignore each other. Lindsey ran over to get one of her toys still left in the room. 
"Hi guys. Hey Colby, did you have an argument with a can of paint?" Bryce joked. 
"Very funny. It was an accident, apparently." Colby looked pointedly at Rosie, who gave her a disgusted look in return. 
"O...kay. Can you tell me where my fiance is?" 
"She went to your room to get me a t-shirt to change into,, but that was about twenty minutes ago. Must have got caught up in something. 
T-shirt? My t-shirt drawer? The letters! Shit! Fear gripped Bryce's heart. The fear that she kept hidden deep inside, that life with Jodi and Lindsey was too perfect and she would somehow mess it up. Either that or the stalker would steal her away. 
"Um... could you guys watch Lindsey for me?" 
"Sure," replied Rosie. Colby was immediately on alert. "Is everything okay, Bryce?" 
"Yeah... just... um, I'll be back in a bit, okay?" 
Bryce rushed to their bedroom. The door was shut. She took a deep breath. Come on, Royal. You can do this! She opened the door to find an empty room. Bryce's drawer was turned upside down, the t-shirts strewn all over the floor. Bryce's heart began to beat faster as her eyes lifted towards the bed where the letters were set out. The originals of the more recent letters that Bryce had not turned in to the police yet and photocopies of the rest. They were all there,, but Jodi was not. 

Bryce checked their bathroom and, when she found nothing, she frantically checked through the rest of the apartment. 
"Jodi? Jodi? Are you here?" Colby and Rosie appeared, reacting to Bryce's shouts. 
"What's wrong?" 
"She's not here! She found the letters and she's not here. She's left me, Colby!" 
"What's wrong? Is Jodi okay?" asked Rosie, totally confused at what was happening. 
Bryce grabbed her jacket and keys. "Will you please watch Lindsey for me?" 
Colby stood in front of her employer, blocking her path. She knew Bryce was so distressed and panicked that she shouldn't be out there alone. 
"I'll come with you. Rosie can watch Lindsey; you can trust her. Just let me do my job." 
"No. I'm going alone. Jodi's out there upset and angry and without protection. I need to find her, quickly. I trust Rosie, but the stalker could take this opportunity to take Lindsey, to hurt us, to use her as leverage to get to Jodi. I need you to protect her. Rosie? Colby? Please take care of our daughter." 
"Of course we will." Rosie lifted Lindsey, who had wandered into the hallway after hearing her mom's shouts. 

She looked worried. "Mom? Where Mama?" 
Bryce stroked her little cheek."I'm just going to pick Mama up. We'll be back soon." 
As she turned to leave, Colby grabbed her arm. "Bryce, she'll be close by. There's no way she would leave cute stuff here for long. Call me, okay? Let me know she's safe. If he has gotten close to her, come back and let me do my job, alright?" 
Bryce nodded and left the apartment. Out in the hall, she braced herself against the door, taking a few deep breaths to help with the wave of nausea that came over her. 
Fuck! Get yourself under control, Royal! Jodi needs you . 
The wave passed and she headed to the elevator. 



Bryce found her herself standing on the sidewalk, with no idea where to go. 
Her heart thudded and her hands shook in panic. She nervously ran a big hand through her dark hair. 
Think! Where would she go? She doesn't know anyone! What If he's got her? No. Stop it! You can't think like that . 
"Where are the paparazzi when you need them? They follow her around for months and then I choose today to manage to get them off her tail." 
As Bryce looked up, she noticed a man with a camera leaning against a building across the street. 
She rushed across the road, narrowly missing a taxi cab on the way to the lone paparazzo. 
The photographer looked a little shocked at the sight of the big, angry, muscled, TV star bearing down on him. 
"You! Did you see my fiance leaving my building?" 
"Uh... I..." The young man thought she was angry about him harassing them. 
"I don't have time for this!" Bryce grabbed his camera and flicked through the shots he had taken and spotted a few showing Jodi walking down the road. 
Bryce grabbed the photographer by the shirt. "Where did she go after this?" 
He couldn't believe his luck when he saw Jodi Bishop come out of the apartment building alone. She was usually surrounded by a pack of photographers, each vying for a shot,, but today he was the only one. Royal had offered a shot to the assembled pack earlier in exchange for leaving them alone for a day out. The rest had,, but his editor wanted him to hang around and try to get a shot of a new arty looking woman who had been seen coming and going. So when he had seen Jodi leave, he took a few shots before turning his attention back to the apartment. 

"Tell me now!" 
"Sh... she walked down to the end of the street and I think went into that bar." 
With a sigh of relief, he watched the TV star run off down the street. 

Bryce stood outside the bar door catching her breath. It was one of the many gay bars in the village. She had passed a few times, but never went in for a drink. 
Plucking up her courage, Bryce walked through the door. 
The place was quiet. A few people sat at the bar and tables up front, or in the booths in the back. 

"Hey Bryce! Nice to see you. Get you a drink?" The barkeep had spotted her already; she had forgotten to put on her usual dark glasses and hat. 
Bryce walked up to the bar. 
"No, that's okay. I was looking for my fiance." She took out her wallet to show her Jodi's picture. 
"Has she been in here?" 
"Hey, I don't need the picture, everyone knows what your honey looks like. She's been in the magazines for I don't know how long. By the way, you lucked out getting that girl; she's one fine looking woman!" 

Bryce was getting exasperated. "Yeah. I know. Listen buddy, this is kind of urgent, could you tell me if she's been in here?" 
"Sure! Could you sign this for my girlfriend?" She held out a napkin and pen. 

Bryce grabbed it and scrawled out her autograph. "There, now Jodi?" 
"Thanks. Oh, she's in the last booth down there. Some dyke's been hitting on her for the last twenty minutes." 
Bryce's head snapped around towards the back booth. She couldn't see Jodi,, but saw a short looking, butch woman in a business suit hanging over the side of the booth. Bryce growled and shot off towards them. 



Jodi had no success in getting rid of this woman who couldn't seem to take a hint. She had just wanted to have a quiet drink somewhere she could think and process what she had discovered. 

"Listen baby, why don't we go get some dinner somewhere. I just got a big promotion today at my law firm. I'm a partner now." 
The woman looked rather smug, as if being a lawyer usually impressed women she decided she liked. 
Jodi sighed. "Listen, I told you, I just want to be on my own. Besides that, I'm engaged, see?" She lifted her hand. 
That's some sparkler! thought the lawyer. Still, she's fair game . 

"She's not here, though, is she? A woman as pretty as you shouldn't be without company." Jodi was feeling suffocated as the lawyer blocked off her exit and stroked her shoulder. 
The lawyer felt herself yanked backwards by the collar. "Get your hands off what doesn't belong to you and beat it!" 
"Hey! Who do you think you... oh." The overconfident lawyer turned around and had to look up to see the face of a huge, obviously angry, girlfriend who happened to be a famous TV star with a gold medal in taekwondo. 

"Sh... she's your..." 
"Yeah, she's mine. So I'd advise you to get out of here before I throw you onto the sidewalk on your ass!" 
The lawyer moved away from the booth as quick as she could, tripping over tables and chairs on the way. 
"Uh... sure thing. Listen, if I knew she was with you... I'll just... just go. Sorry." 
With that she was gone. 

Bryce sat across from Jodi, who was staring into her glass. 
"Um... hey, baby." 
Jodi looked up from her drink with a scowl. "Don't "baby" me. I'm not interested." 
Shit! You knew you would fuck this up! 
"Listen. I know your upset..." 

"Upset?" Jodi barked. "You think I'm just upset? Do you know what it felt like to find those letters? To know that I've been happily going around day-to-day thinking you and Colby were just being over the top, only to find out the threat is real and very dangerous. What gave you the right to keep that from me like I was some little child who needs to be taken care of? When I read those letters, it took me right back to finding those messages on Danielle's phone. " 
Bryce slammed her hands down on the table. 
"You're comparing me to your lying cheating ex? I don't believe this! I was trying to protect you. It's my job! You should never have left the apartment; it's not safe for you out here." 
Jodi was shocked at Bryce's outburst of anger. It was supposed to be her that was angry. 
"Don't you shout at me like that. Just leave me alone to think!" Tears were beginning to roll down her cheeks. 
Bryce's heart was breaking watching Jodi cry, knowing that she was crying because of her actions. 
Great, Royal. You come here to beg for forgiveness and you end up yelling at the woman you love! 
"I'm so sorry for shouting. I'm just panicking. When I got home and you weren't there... I've never been more frightened in my life. Please just give me fifteen minutes to explain. Come home with me and let me talk. If you still want to go, I'll have Colby take you wherever you want. I promise." 

Jodi silently stared into her drink. "Please! Just fifteen minutes. Look, Lindsey was really worried when you weren't home; I told her I was just going to pick you up. If I don't come back with you..." 
Jodi stood up. "You have fifteen minutes, but if I'm not satisfied, Colby can take Lindsey and me somewhere, a hotel or something." 
I could lose them over this. Lose everything , thought Bryce dejectedly. 
"Thank you, Jodi." Bryce stood to follow her partner when Jodi stopped and looked her right in the eye. 
"Don't ever use our daughter to get what you want again." 
She walked on with a chastised Bryce close behind. 


The couple's walk home had been in silence. When they entered the apartment they found Colby, Rosie and Lindsey playing in the living room. Rosie and Colby felt the tension immediately take over the room. Lindsey ran straight up to Jodi, who lifted her up and cuddled her tight. 

"Mama, you back! I din't know where you were," Lindsey pouted. 
Jodi kissed her daughter. "I just popped out for a bit, sweetie." 
While Jodi talked to Lindsey, Bryce spoke to Colby. 
"Colby would you mind taking Lindsey to McDonalds for some dinner?" 
Colby patted her on the back. "Sure." 
"Uh Jodi? How about Colby takes Lindsey to McDonald's?" Bryce asked gently. 
Jodi sighed, "Yes. That's probably a good idea. Lindsey you want to go out with Colby?" 
"Yeah! Wosie come, too?" Colby looked nervously at her nemesis, wondering what the young woman's reaction would be. 
"I'd love to, sweetie!" Then turning to Colby said, "Come on, soldier boy!" Rosie grabbed Lindsey's jacket and they walked hand in hand towards the door. Colby followed behind, hands in pockets, muttering, "God help me!" 


Jodi and Bryce found themselves alone in the living room. 
Jodi sat down and said, "Well, I'm waiting." 
Bryce paced and ran her fingers through her hair. 

"After the break in and the message scrawled on the mirror, you and Lindsey were so scared, so upset. When I went to work the next day there was a letter waiting for me. I told Zach and Theo right away. I asked them not to tell you. You and Lindsey were happy and settled and beginning to relax. If I told you about the letter, you would have been upset again and you would have been watching your every step and looking over your shoulder all the time, waiting for the next letter or for the stalker to pounce; instead of doing what you did do, which was relaxing into family life here, with me. When I didn't tell about you the first letter and more kept coming, I was committed to that path, I got in deeper and deeper. Colby said I should tell you,, but I knew you'd be angry and I didn't want to spoil everything we've built." 

Jodi shook her head. "That was not your decision to make, Bryce. I swore after Danielle that I would never be kept in the dark or have a partner make decisions for me again." 
Bryce was shaking. I'm going to lose everything. The big woman fell on her knees in front of Jodi, tears welling up in her eyes. 
"Please. I'm sorry. I made the wrong decision. I thought I was doing the right thing to protect you both. I love the two of you more than anything in the world. I'll never keep anything from you again." 
Jodi's resolve was crumbling as she saw Bryce cry, terrified of losing them both. 

When I see her upset like this, all I want to do is put my arms around her and make it all better. This is her first serious relationship. She finds out she has a daughter and gets engaged; her life is changed beyond recognition in a few months and all the time a stalker has been hanging over her head, threatening to take her family away. Think about the pressure she's had to bear, alone , thought Jodi. 

She took Bryce's tear stained face in her hands. "I don't agree with what you did, but I can understand why you did it. I love you with all my heart. Lindsey and I are so lucky to have you to keep us safe,, but don't ever keep things from me again!" 

Bryce's emotions overflowed in sheer relief. She threw her arms round the blonde's waist, head in her lap. "Oh god, thank you! I love you so much, baby girl, I promise you there will never be any secrets between us again. Shit! I thought you'd take Lindsey and leave me." 

Jodi stroked her partner dark head. "Oh, goofy. I was mad and hurt, but please know I would never leave you, I might be angry for a while, maybe a few days, but we'll always work it out, I promise. I will never leave you. You're the love of my life." 



Colby smirked. She looked over at Rosie as she unloaded their meals from the tray. 
The tall woman had annoyed Rosie when they reached McDonald's by insisting on paying for dinner. She was sure she heard the words chauvinist pig being uttered. 
Colby got her way and now Rosie was sorting Lindsey's food for her, while trying her best to ignore Colby. 

"There you go, Lindsey. You want ketchup?" 
"Yes, please." 
Rosie started on her fries and apple pie. She could almost feel Colby's smirking face without looking up. 

"You got a problem, soldier boy?" 

Colby picked up her huge double cheeseburger with bacon and took a big bite. "Let's just say it wasn't a huge surprise that all you got was fries and an apple pie." 
"Meaning?" asked Rosie, her annoyance growing. 
"Let's just say if there was a checklist for being a lesbian, you would have every box checked off." 
"Excuse me?" 
"Come on? You're in the art business, anti-war, anti-government, anti-authority, anti-big business, professional protestor, vegetarian and I'm quite sure you have some rainbow flag stickers or jewelry somewhere around you or your apartment." 
Rosie was enraged. "Excuse me, soldier boy!, but if you were to ask everyone in the restaurant who was the lesbian here, every single one would point to you, sitting in your men's suit with your extremely short men's hairstyle, and your 'Oh I'll pay the bill, little lady,' attitude. Ms., butch of the Year, 1955!" 

Colby smiled. She mentions my being, butch all the time. Hmm. Interesting . 
"Well, perhaps Lindsey doesn't need to hear us bicker? Truce?" 
Rosie took a deep breath and nodded. Oh! That woman infuriates me! 
"How are you doing, kiddo?" 
"Okay Dackson, you build my toy from my appy meal?" 
"Of course. Give it here." Colby began to build the toy car from a Disney movie. 
Rosie decided to change the subject. "So what was that all about? Bryce said Jodi found some letters?" 
"I don't think we should talk about it with little ears listening." Colby indicated her head towards Lindsey. 
"Oh...yeah. Sorry," Rosie replied quietly. 
"It's not something I could talk about to outsiders anyway. For security." 
"Oh yeah, because I'm really a threat to security, aren't I?!" 
Colby leaned across the table and said in a quiet, but firm voice. "You're an unknown quantity, to an extent. I don't know as much about you as I would like to, and I don't take chances with my work." 
"What do you mean? Have you been checking up on me?" 
Colby leaned back in her seat, looking smug."I ran a few background checks, its normal practice." 
Rosie's face was a picture of rage. "Normal practice? How dare you! I have a right to privacy! That's a breach of my human rights!" 
"Grow up, hippy girl! That's the way the real world works." 
Lindsey who had been watching her friends get angry said, "Wosie okay, Dackson?" 
Colby smirked. "She's fine, munchkin. Just a bit excited, that's all." 
Rosie directed a fiery look towards her dinner companion. 
You are the most infuriating person I have ever met! 



Bryce and Jodi were cuddled up on the couch when Colby and Rosie returned with Lindsey. 
Bryce refused to let go of her fiance. She had come so close to messing things up and vowed to do anything to keep her family together. 
Jodi stood to take Lindsey in her arms. 
"Thanks for taking her, guys. I appreciate it," Jodi told Colby and Rosie. 
"Anytime. Why don't I leave you guys to it? I'll come back tomorrow," said the young decorator. 
Jodi nodded. She felt Bryce join her and snake an arm round her side. 
"Yeah, thanks you two. Colby, you can pull out if you like. We're in for the night now. If you want to come over early tomorrow and spar, I'd like that. It will give us a chance to talk about our plans, as well," Bryce told Colby. 
"Will do." Then turning to Rosie said, "Can I give you a ride anywhere?" 
Rosie just scowled back at her. "I don't think so. Jodi I'll just go and collect my things from Lindsey's room." 
Ungrateful hippy freak! "Fine. That's the last time I try to be nice!" Colby said as Rosie walked away. 
Jodi saw the look of hurt on Colby's face. "She's young, Colby. You two just seem to clash. Don't worry about it." 
"I'm not worried. I couldn't care less what she thinks of me. I'll see you two tomorrow." 
Jodi could tell that the tough looking woman was bothered, but said nothing. 
"Bye Colby. Thanks for today." 
"Yeah thanks, buddy," added Bryce. 

Later when they had put Lindsey to bed, they shared a glass of wine on the couch, Bryce still holding onto Jodi at every opportunity. 
"So what will we do next, honey? About the stalker situation." 
"I thought maybe I could invite Theo and Zach over to talk about it. Now that everything's out in the open, when can see where they are with it and you can ask them any questions you may have." 
"Sounds like a plan. Let's go to bed. We've a lot to do tomorrow. We have to visit the preschools, remember? And Kris wants us to meet with the wedding planner. I thought we could just leave Rosie to her work here. Is that okay?" 
"Yeah, sure. I called Theo earlier and told him I wouldn't make training, I'll just spar with Colby in the morning. I can't wait to marry you, baby girl." 
Jodi kissed Bryce on the cheek. "Me neither, goofy. Let's go to bed and snuggle." 
Bryce lifted her fiance from the couch. "After today, that sounds like heaven, Jodi." 


It was Monday morning and the new family had a lot to pack in. Bryce was in the office talking with Colby, while Jodi got Lindsey ready for their day. 
"So is everything sorted now?" Asked Colby. 
Bryce let out a long breath. "Yes, thank god. She was so angry. Her ex kept things from her before so this hit a raw nerve. I made a bad choice, but she's forgiven me, and I won't make that mistake again." 
"It's better in the long run if she knows. We can now secure the apartment and any outings properly, with her full cooperation." 
"Yeah. I called Theo and asked him to come over with Zach and have a talk with her about it." Bryce explained. 

"Great idea. So what's on the agenda today?" Colby asked. 
"Were heading over to visit a couple of preschools, then meeting with the wedding planner Kris recommended," Bryce scowled. 
"I thought you couldn't wait to be tied down? I mean the very thought of marriage makes my stomach queasy,, but you're Bryce Royal, responsible family woman." 
"You're right, I can't wait. I wish it were tomorrow,, but I wish Jodi would just tell me where to show up and when. It'll be all 'What do you think of this fabric?' and 'Green or blue?'" 
Colby laughed. "I hear you, my friend!" 
Bryce heard someone clear their throat at the office door. Her head darted around to find Jodi glaring at her. 
Shit! 
"I heard that, goofy!" Bryce jumped up. 
"You know I don't mean anything, baby. I just..." Bryce was silenced by a kiss. 
"Shh! I know, honey. Relax, okay?" Jodi said with a smile. She knew Bryce was a little sensitive after last night. 
"Okay, um... you two ready to go?" 
"Sure, and as a special treat, you and Colby can pick the table decorations!" She turned on her heel, and left the two women rolling their eyes. 



"And so here at Greenfield School, we pride ourselves on diversity and a dedication to teaching young people the responsibility that they have in their communities." 
Bryce and Jodi were meeting the principal of the second school of the day. Kris had said that this school was favored by a lot of gay couples, due to their progressive policies. 
The first school had been a little traditional and Jodi felt the staff were uncomfortable with Lindsey having two mommies. 
As soon as they arrived at Greenfield, they felt a completely different atmosphere. The principal was warm and friendly, and quite eager for the famous couple to choose the school. They had been escorted to a large playroom where Lindsey could play, so Bryce and Jodi could talk with Mrs. Whitmore, the school principal. Colby stood guard at the door. 

"That sounds great. What do you think, Jodi," asked Bryce. 
While driving over, Jodi had looked through the school brochure and balked at the cost, $20,000 a year,, but Bryce managed to bring Jodi around by talking up the security benefits. 
"Are there any entrance requirements?" 
"Yes. We have an entrance exam,, but I'm sure Lindsey will have no problem. We usually require children to be four years old on, or before, September 1st,, but in your circumstances, with Lindsey just moving into the area, I think I can bend that rule for you." 
"You understand our need for security? Colby Forest, our security consultant, would need to escort Lindsey, with either Jodi or myself, to and from school. Colby would need full access to the school, and we need your assurance of Lindsey's security during the day," added Bryce. 
"We will have no problem accommodating your needs, and I can assure you that we have a number of families, here at Greenfield, who have similar needs. As you saw when you entered the school, no one gets in or out without going through our security. For any field trips we will, of course, be flexible on any extra security you think is necessary." 
"Well that answers all my questions. Could we have a few minutes to discuss our options, Mrs. Whitmore?" 
"Of course, just call me when you're ready." 
When she left the room, Bryce called her daughter over and lifted her onto her lap. 
"Hey Linds. Remember we said this could be your preschool?" Lindsey nodded. 
"Well, what do you think? Do you like it here?" When Mrs. Whitmore had shown them around, Lindsey seemed excited by the brightly colored and friendly environment. 
"Yeah, Mom. They ave tool toys! And loads of puters!" 
"Well that's good. What do you think, Jodi?" 
Jodi let out a breath. "Well it certainly is an impressive set up,, but then it should be at those prices!" 
"Jodi, come on, we talked about this," Bryce chastised. 
"I know. It will give Lindsey an incredible start in life. I like the principal and her staff, and it seems like a warm and friendly environment, compared to the place this morning." 
Bryce turned and took Jodi's hand; Lindsey had darted off to play with the toys again. 
"That's what I want for our daughter, the best start in life. We both had normal working class families and educations, and there's nothing wrong with that,, but if we give Lindsey the best education we can, then her life has so many more options. I want Lindsey to be able to do everything she wants to with her life. That's not so bad is it?" 
Jodi smiled and kissed Bryce lightly. 
"No, it's not. You know you are just the sweetest TV star in the world!" 
Bryce flashed a smug smile and said, "Well, I do try." 
"You know what this means, don't you?" 
"What?" 
"Shopping! Lindsey's going to need lots of new clothes for preschool. You wanted me to be more comfortable with spending our money; well you're going to end up being sorry you ever encouraged me!" 
"Never! I love to see you two getting nice things. I'm sure Colby will be delighted about more shopping trips." 
Bryce looked over to the door and caught Colby giving her a disgusted look. Bryce simply smiled back. 
"Well, let's go tell Mrs. Whitmore the good news." 
Bryce stood and went in search of her. 


After setting an appointment for the entrance test, Bryce, Jodi and Lindsey stopped for lunch before heading off to meet the wedding planner. They tried to make the first meeting as quick as possible as Lindsey was getting tired and restless. 
They decided the wedding would take place at the Metropolitan Community Church, followed by a reception at the Four Seasons Hotel, where they would stay overnight. Jodi promised Justin, their wedding planner, that she would return soon for a more in-depth appointment, without Lindsey, to discuss dresses, food and all the other details. 

They arrived home with a tired and grumpy Lindsey. Bryce and Colby promised they would play video games with her until dinner, which cheered her up immensely. 
Jodi went to check on Rosie's progress. 
"How's it coming?" Jodi asked. 
The room was now completely empty. Bryce and Colby had cleared out the furniture for her. 
"Oh hi, really good. I've given the walls a base coat of paint. Tomorrow, I'll start sketching out the jungle designs in pencil, before they're painted." 
"Great, I should be able to help tomorrow. I've got no plans. I do want to go clothes shopping for Lindsey,, but I think it would be unfair to trail her around the stores after today. Especially since Bryce's working, so I can't leave her here." 
Rosie nodded. "How did everything go today?" 
"Great. We got Lindsey signed up for preschool, then made some very brief arrangements with the wedding planner. Lindsey had had enough by that point so we couldn't plan too much. I'm going back to have an appointment on my own." 
Rosie observed that Jodi looked a little sad. 
"Are you okay?" 
"Yeah, it's nothing. It's just that, at times like these, I miss having a mother to share this with, to help make decisions. My family and I are estranged and I don't really have any girlfriends, it's just been Lindsey and me for so long, and Bryce will be no use at choosing things." 
Rosie felt sorry for Jodi. She knew how it felt to miss a mother. "Listen, if you ever want a second opinion or someone to go with you, feel free to ask me. There's nothing I like better than choosing dresses and fabrics." 
Jodi beamed in relief. "Really? Oh that would be wonderful! This whole celebrity wedding thing is really overwhelming." 
"No problem. It'll be fun, and I get to annoy Colby, even more fun!" 
The women laughed. Poor Colby! thought Jodi. 


In the evening, once Lindsey was safely put to bed and Rosie had left for the day, Theo and Zach came over to talk with Jodi, Colby and Bryce. 
After serving coffee and cookies, Jodi sat close to Bryce, gripping her hand for reassurance. 
"Anything new?" asked Bryce. 
"Not really. We checked out the waiter Danielle had mentioned was overly interested in Jodi. His name is Drew Simpson. He seems like a quiet guy. Lives with his elderly mother. He did have a few magazines lying around that had you both on them,, but he struck me more as a fan than anything." Theo said. 
Bryce turned to her fiance. "Do you remember him, Jodi?" 
"Yeah. He was harmless, it was just a crush. If I met Danielle at the restaurant, he would make me feel uncomfortable by looking and 'accidentally' brushing past me. Just your typical guy who's not very successful with women." 
"Well they're the type to watch out for, so we'll keep an eye on him, but until we get anymore leads, there's not really a whole lot we can do," Zach added. 
Bryce sat forward in her seat, obviously agitated. 
"What about Danielle? Are you sure about her? She has a history of violence." 
"Bryce! I don't like to talk about that. Danielle wouldn't do something like this. She was a cheater yes,, but she liked women, lots of women. She wouldn't get fixated on me like this." Bryce was annoyed by being chastised in front of everyone and Jodi defending Danielle. She got up and poured herself some scotch, a scowl on her face. 
Colby, feeling a need to change the subject and break the tension, said, "What about the wedding, guys? We're going to need extra protection for the day." 
Theo agreed. "You're right. The wedding may be a catalyst for whoever this is to act, so we have to take extra care. We'll coordinate with you on security." 
Bryce still stood with her back to the group. Jodi could feel the anger coming from her. 
She needed to talk to her alone. 
"Thanks for coming over and talking with me," Jodi said, standing and brining the meeting to an end. 
"No problem, Jodi. We'll be in touch. Goodnight. Night, Bryce." 
Bryce turned briefly and said goodbye. 
After she and Jodi saw them out, Colby said. "I'll head off, too. Go talk to her. She's just stressed." 
Jodi nodded. "Thanks, Colby. Goodnight." 
When they were alone, she walked over to her partner, who had her back to Jodi. 
"Well, that was rude!" Bryce just snorted in reply. 
"And drinking isn't going to help! Why are you so angry?" 
Jodi reached and touched her partners shoulder, only to have it pulled away. 
Bryce turned. "Why am I angry? Are you serious? You defend your lying, cheating, and abusive ex right in front of my friends! You talk to me like I'm some child! And you ask why I'm angry?" Bryce stomped over to the couch and sat down with her drink. 
What is wrong with her? This isn't like my Bryce? thought Jodi. 
"Oh and I'll drink where and when I like!" 
Jodi was hurt, but tried to remain calm. "I don't know what's really bothering you,, but I only said that Danielle wouldn't want to harm and frighten me like this. I know she was violent, but this is a whole different ball game. I think you're frightened and a little jealous of my past with Danielle, and that's why you're acting like this. So I'm going to let you sort it out in your head yourself. I'm going to bed." Jodi knew Bryce could be emotionally fragile and was struggling to cope with a threat coming from a faceless person. She knew, given some time to calm down, she would come seeking love and reassurance. 
Bryce was left in the living room by herself. She drank the rest of her whiskey and got up for another. 
She felt foolish. How could she say that in front of Theo and Zach! Made me look like some jealous idiot. How can no one else see it's probably Danielle?! Someone who's violent like that! Of course it could be her! 
Hmm. Maybe Jodi felt embarrassed having her past talked about like that. Shit! That's why she busted your balls, you idiot! Fuck! Bryce sat wondering how to get back into Jodi's good graces. 


Bryce crept into their bedroom. Jodi was asleep, but had laid out Bryce's sleepwear of white sleeveless t-shirt and boxers. Always thinking of me, baby girl. You don't deserve her, Royal! 
Bryce got ready for bed in the bathroom, so as not to wake Jodi. She got into bed and lay on her back. She desperately wanted to reach out to Jodi, but thought she would be rebuffed. 
A few minutes later, unable to wait any longer, she caved. 
"Jodi? Jodi?" 
Jodi, who was only half asleep, opened her eyes. 
"What is it, honey?" 
"Em... I'm... I'm sorry, okay. I was out of line. I just get really scared and Danielle is an easy target because she hurt you before. I hate to think of you with her." 
"It's okay, goofy. I know you're scared. Come here." Jodi opened her arms to her partner and Bryce latched onto her fiance like a limpet. 
"I'm sorry, I'm an idiot." Bryce mumbled into Jodi's breasts. 
"You're not an idiot. You've been through a lot, honey. From bachelor to just about to be married with a child in the space of 3 months. It's a lot of responsibility. You're just scared." 
"I just want to protect you. I want you and Lindsey to have a happy calm life." 
"We will. We'll get this sorted out somehow." 
"You always make things better, Jodi. How do you do that?" 
"Because I know you, Bryce Royal. You're in my soul and I love you." 
Bryce climbed up and kissed Jodi tenderly. 
"I love you with all that I am." 
"Can I talk to you about something?" 
"You know you can." Bryce lay down and pulled Jodi into her arms. "You know how we said if I got along well with Rosie that we'd ask her to do the decorating on the new house?" 
Bryce nodded. 
"Well how would you feel about her doing our bedroom here? I mean it's going to be well into January before we move to the beach, and we're still going to be staying here every so often." 
"Of course, I told you before this place is yours to do with what you want. I know it's bland, I want you to make both places homey, do the whole place if you'd like." 
"Great. Gives me something to do. I'm used to being out at work every day. Oh, and Rosie offered to come with me to see the wedding planner, and to take a look at some dresses. I really appreciated it. I don't have friends and a girl usually has her mother," she said sadly. 
"I'm sorry, baby girl. I'm sorry you don't have her to share it with." 
"I can only guess what she's making of us from the newspapers and magazines. Disgusted, no doubt. She's probably asking Father Peters to pray for me." 
"We don't have the best luck with families do we?" Bryce said sadly. 
"We have the family we're creating together and that's what counts." 
Bryce kissed Jodi. "Your right again, baby. I'm glad you're making a friend in Rosie. She seems like a nice girl." 
"She is. Let's get some sleep, goofy. Night." 
"Sweet dreams, baby girl. I love you." 
Bryce closed her eyes and silently prayed that no harm would come to her beloved little family. 

"What are you doing on the show this week?" Jodi asked Bryce the next morning. 
"It's really cool! You'll like this, Linds. It's a basketball challenge, the contestant to get the most baskets wins. Boring you might say,, but not when you put a trampoline in front of the basket. We run up, jump on the trampoline, which sends us high in the air, well above the basket, then you get a really cool slam dunk before you come crashing down to the mats." Bryce enthused. 
"Dats so tool, Mom!" 
"Isn't it dangerous, Bryce?" 
"Well, of course, a little bit. That's what my show is all about., but I'll be fine." 
Jodi looked unconvinced. 
"Mom, me come see you do it?" 
Bryce smiled eagerly. "Yeah! What do you think, Jodi? Will you two come on Friday?" 
"Yes, that's fine., but don't blame me, TV star, when we're at the emergency room because Linds has been copying your stunts!" 
"Nah! You'll love it won't you, Smurf! So what's on the agenda for my girls today?" 
Jodi walked around to clean Lindsey's face of breakfast. 
"We goin to paint manimals, Mom!" 
"We're going to help Rosie with the room." Jodi explained to Bryce. 
"Ah, okay. Well have fun! I better get going. Where's Colby?" 
"Oh, playing with her security cameras, I think." 
Standing, Bryce said, "Okay Linds, where's my kisses before I go?" Lindsey stood up on her chair to be lifted by her Mom for a hug and a kiss. 
"Now you be a good girl for your Mama, all right?" Lindsey nodded. 
"Love you, Linds." 
"Love you, Mom." 
"Go on to your room, Linds, and I'll come and get you dressed in a minute." 
Lindsey ran off happily and Bryce pulled Jodi into her arms. 
"You be good as well, baby girl." 
Jodi smiled, her hand teasing down Bryce's chest. "I'm always good, TV star. Now go and do some work, and stop distracting me with your good looks!" 
Bryce laughed and kissed her fiance thoroughly. "I'll take my good looks to work then. I love you." 
"I love you too, honey. Be careful doing that trampoline stuff." 
"I will. I'll call at lunchtime." 
As Jodi saw Bryce off to work, she welcomed Rosie in, and promised to join her as soon as she had Lindsey dressed. 


Bryce walked into the studio building and was met by Kris. They talked as they walked to Bryce's office. 
"Morning Kris. What do we have planned today?" 
"Meetings with the writers at one, Christian Donald the actor will be in at 11 to meet you. Oh, and we need to make a decision about the interview with you and Jodi before the wedding." 
Bryce laughed and joked. "So not a lot, then?" 

"Funny!" Kris said sarcastically. 

"Okay, okay. I've been thinking about the interview thing. Jodi's willing to do it and get all the attention out of the way,, but I don't want her going on a show with an audience. That's too much pressure for someone who's not used to it. I think the interviewer should come to the show when Jodi and Lindsey are there watching. They can get an interview with us before I do the show, and get some good footage of Jodi and Lindsey watching. The main thing being, it's on my territory and I can control what footage is taken." 
"That's a great idea Bryce, I agree. Should I contact the short list of interviewers and feel them out?" asked Kris. 
"Yeah. If they are free to do it Friday, Jodi and Lindsey are coming in anyway., but make it clear that I want final say on what goes out. My first choice would be Mattie Edwards of the Today Show. She's done this sort of thing before and wouldn't be very aggressive. I'll okay it with Jodi when I call her at lunch." 
"No problem. I'll get right on it. I'll be back with your protein shake in a minute, okay?" 
"Sure. Thanks, Kris." 

Colby had heard laughter coming from Lindsey's bedroom all morning. She had to reluctantly admit that Rosie seemed to cheer Jodi up. 
Colby was doing some research into both Drew Simpson and Danielle Bianchi. 
Her contacts in the FBI had forwarded all the information on file with police and government databases. They had assured her that there was nothing in them, but Colby wanted to go over them with a fine-tooth comb, as they had nothing else to go on. She didn't really think there was any evidence that it would be Danielle, but since Bryce was so wary, Colby felt she had to look into her background. 
She started with Drew. He had no police record whatsoever; his employment record looked okay, although he did seem to move from job to job a lot. 
'Hmm. Looks like he's in a job for six months or so then let go. I think I need to talk to some of his past employers.' 
Her thoughts were interrupted by Lindsey running into the office. 
"Dackson! Dackson! Come see dhe manimals I drawed. Lindsey said jumping up and down. 
Colby smiled. "Sure, munchkin. Lead the way." 

Lindsey ran ahead of her into the bedroom. Colby found Jodi and Rosie sitting on the floor, laughing at Jodi's attempt to draw the outline of a giraffe. 
"I think I should leave the outlining to you Rosie, and I'll help color them in. Hey Colby! You come to see our handy work?" 
"Yeah, Lindsey wanted me to look at the drawings." Lindsey pulled her over to the little corner she was responsible for. 
"Ook, Dackson! Dis a ion and dis a hippo." Lindsey said proudly. 
"Hey that's great, kid. It's going to look cool." 
"Yeah you're a great help, Lindsey." Rosie added. 
Jodi stood and said, "Can you two keep an eye on Linds while I make us some sandwiches for lunch? 
"Sure," replied Rosie. "Okay Lindsey, let's see if we can get Colby to draw a monkey for us." Lindsey ran to get her pencils. "Can you actually do something artistic with those hands or can they just shoot guns?" 
Colby shot Rosie an angry look then walked up and whispered in her ear, "You have no idea what I can do with my hands, and you'll never have the pleasure of finding out." 
Rosie gulped hard and shivered at Colby's deep voice. She quickly shook off the feeling and watched Colby sit and draw with Lindsey. 
Why do you do that to me, Forest! 


Jodi was nearly finished making lunch when the phone rang. 
"Royal residence." 
"Hey, I like the sound of that." 
"Hi honey! How's your day?" 
"Oh busy, you know. I bet you and Linds are having more fun." 
"Yes. I've laughed so much this morning. Rosie is really funny and Lindsey is taking decorating so seriously." 
"I'm glad you're both having fun. Listen, I wanted to talk to you about something. You know we discussed doing one big interview before the wedding?" 
"Yes. Do you have something in mind?" 
"Yeah, I would like it done at my studios, so I can control it. I thought of asking them to do a piece when you're at the show Friday. You know, a kind off behind-the-scenes type of thing, with an interview first. What do you think?" 
"Hmm. I suppose that sounds less scary than going to some other show with people I don't know. I'll still be really nervous though, I won't know what to say." 
"Don't worry, you'll be fine. I'll look after you. I'll set it up, then?" 
"Sure, if you think that's best." Inwardly Jodi was terrified at the thought of talking to a camera. 
"Okay, baby, I'll set it up. I better go, I won't be late tonight. I love you and tell Linds I love her." 
"I will. We love you, too. Take care, honey. Bye." 
"See you later." 
Oh Bryce. I hope I don't disappoint you! 


The day of the interview arrived and Jodi had been a nervous wreck all day and was currently pacing up and down Bryce's dressing room. 
"Baby, you look sick with nerves. I'm sorry we have to do this because of me." They had come into the studio earlier than usual to do the interview and were waiting for the TV crew to get there. Lindsey was totally absorbed in playing her Nintendo 3DS in front of the TV, and Colby was off doing a security sweep with Pauley around the studio. 
Jodi stopped pacing and turned to look at Bryce. "I'm sorry, honey. I don't want you to ever feel bad. We agreed that this was the best way to handle the public interest in us." 
"Come sit here, Jodi." Bryce patted her lap. 
Jodi sat and cuddled into Bryce's strong neck. "I just don't want to let you down." 
"You never could. Just remember, follow my lead and if you're unsure about anything or don't want to answer a certain question, just tell me and we'll stop. It'll be edited afterwards, anyway." 
"Okay I will, and you're sure they won't ask Lindsey anything? I don't think that would be appropriate." 
"That was my first stipulation, don't worry. They can only take shots of her playing while we talk and when they follow you while I'm doing the show,, but that's all." 
"Mom? You elp me? Me can't get by dis bad monster." Lindsey padded over with her Nintendo in hand. 
"Sure Smurflet, up you come." Jodi moved onto the couch and Lindsey took her place. 
"What have we got here? Woah, that's a big monster!" 
"Get him, Mom! Kill him dead!" Lindsey bounced up and down on her lap. 
"What kind of games are you buying your daughter, TV star?" Jodi asked wryly. 
"Hey, they're just kid games. Nothing wrong with killing monsters." 
Jodi watched Bryce's fingers whizz over the, buttons, while Lindsey looked on engrossed. Jodi's heart melted. They are so alike. I'm so glad I found you, Bryce. 
"You killed him dead! Yeah! Tanks, Mom." Lindsey jumped off her lap and toddled back to her space in front of the TV. 
"She seems happy." 
"She's happy since she met her Mom." Jodi told her partner. 
Bryce smiled. "So did you have a good time shopping today for Lindsey's new clothes?" 
Jodi had taken Lindsey to Greenfield School for her entrance test on Wednesday and she had passed with flying colors, so she had asked Rosie if she would like to go shopping with her to buy Lindsey new clothes and school supplies. 
"It was fun. It was really good going with someone who enjoys shopping as much as I do. I think she's going to be a good friend." Bryce saw a strange look cross Jodi's face. She gently stroked her fiance's face. 
"What is it?" 
"Well I was just thinking how nice it was to get Lindsey exactly what she needed, and really nice things at that, without worrying or sacrificing something else. Lindsey missed out on a lot before we found you and I just want you to know that we appreciate what you provide for us." 
Bryce's chest puffed out a little at the compliment. "Thank you, baby,, but that's my job. Don't feel sad about the past, you did a great job bringing up Lindsey on your own. She's a happy, bright kid and she loves you. I'm just glad I can take care of you both now." 
Bryce kissed Jodi lightly then, as her kiss was getting deeper, Kris knocked and came in. 
"Sorry to interrupt you both, but Mattie Edwards and her crew are set up in the conference room." 
Bryce turned to Jodi and said, "You ready for your first trial by television?" 
Jodi gulped. "As I'll ever be!" 
"Let's go then. The camera is going to love you. Just like me!" 

Chapter 8

It was Sunday morning and Bryce was trying to get Lindsey ready to go out. 
"Bryce, make sure Lindsey wears her warmer jacket, its cold," called Jodi from the kitchen. 

Bryce, who was in Lindsey's bedroom getting her ready for their day out, rolled her eyes at her daughter. 

"Mama thinks we can't cope without her, Smurflet." Lindsey giggled. 
Bryce pulled on Lindsey's gloves and whispered, "I'll tell you a secret. I couldn't live without your Mama or you. Let's get to the park." 

When Lindsey was ready, Bryce grabbed her jacket and they made their way to the kitchen. 
Jodi turned and smiled when she saw them. Lindsey looked like a little marshmallow, ready to brave the cold with scarf, gloves, hat and a thick jacket. Bryce had her usual jeans, black padded jacket and beanie hat with sunglasses sitting on her head, ready to try and protect her identity. 

"You two all ready?" 
"Yeah. Were gonna head over to the park, play with the ball, get something extremely unhealthy for lunch and play some more." 
Jodi shook her head. "I know you want to have fun, but try not to stuff her so much that she's sick." 
Bryce picked Lindsey up in her arms and pouted. "Hey, I'm not that irresponsible." 
Jodi gave her partner a kiss on the cheek. "Aw. I know that, goofy. Lindsey you make sure your Mom behaves at the park, okay?" 
"I will, Mama." Lindsey shook her little finger at Bryce, "You promise to ehave, Mom?" 
Jodi burst out laughing and Bryce growled, pretending to bite the little finger offered to her, making Lindsey join her mother in laughter. 
"I promise, Smurf. And as for you, Mama Smurf?" Bryce quirked her eyebrow. 
"You will be punished for laughing." 
"Oh sure! I'm quaking in my shoes!" 
Bryce leaned over and whispered in her fiance ear, "Oh, you will be." 
Jodi felt a shiver run down her spine. Oh honey, I'll look forward to that. 
The blonde cleared her throat and smiled. "Changing the subject completely. Colby says there are only about five paparazzi downstairs. So our plan should work." 
They had come up with a plan to offer the paparazzi that followed them one picture in return for leaving them alone for the rest of the day, or Bryce would publish a picture of them out and about on twitter and facebook, making the paparazzi pictures less valuable. 

"I hope so. It's a bit late to keep Lindsey's face out of the public domain, but if we can control it, then that's half the battle." 
They had both found that since the initial media frenzy, the large throng of paparazzi had thinned down to a core group of about four or five, and they were much easier to negotiate with. 
"What time is Rosie coming?" 
"She should be here any minute." 
"Okay, well remember what we discussed. If you're happy, just go with her and get what you want, but if you do go out shopping with her for stuff, Colby goes everywhere with you." 
Jodi sighed. "Yes, dear! I'm going to put some of Lindsey's things into the guest room. She can sleep there until we've finished her own room." 
"Okay,, but if you need anything heavy moved, please ask Colby. I filled her in this morning when we were sparring. Where is Colby, anyway?" 
"Just checking her cameras, I think. And don't worry, I have Rosie to help as well." 
"Okay. Well have a nice day to yourself. I love you." 
Jodi kissed them both goodbye. "I love you both, too. Stay safe." 
"Love you, Mama. Bye!" 
She walked to the door to see them out. "Have fun!" 
"I don't think she realizes how difficult going to the park with a 3 year old is!" Jodi chuckled to herself. 



Colby watched from the living room as Jodi and Rosie laughed together. Jodi had insisted on sharing a cup of coffee and some chat before they got down to business. 
Jodi had told Colby just to relax and to use the TVs or computers while Rosie was there, but Colby wanted to keep an eye on Jodi's new friend. So she tried to look busy with some paperwork in the living room, all the while keeping an eye on the kitchen table she could see through the door. 

"So the cop was like," Rosie lowered her voice in an imitation of the cop. 'Hey, little lady. If you don't move from this vicinity I will be forced to remove you forcibly.' I say, 'well I'd like to see you try!' I knock the guy's hat off and his face goes purple with rage, and I think, 'oh well, I guess I'm not going to make my shift at the bar tonight.'', but just then the crowd surges from behind me, some guy fighting with another cop, I get pushed off to the side and the cop can't find me. So I take that as a sign that it's time to call it a day ahead to work." 
The two women laughed. "Rosie. You really are committed to the cause!" 
"Well someone has to stand up to the government and big business." 

While they were talking, Colby had entered the kitchen. Rosie saw Colby tut and shake her head in disgust. 
"Sorry to interrupt, Jodi,, but do you mind if I get a cup of coffee?" 
"Of course not, I'll get it for you." Jodi jumped up to get the coffee. 
Rosie could feel angry eyes boring into the back of her head. She turned quickly and found herself staring into Colby's stormy eyes. 
"Something bothering you, soldier boy?" 
"Yes, you." 
"Oh? Do tell me why?" Rosie replied sarcastically. 
Here they go again! This is going to be fun with Rosie working here most days , thought Jodi. 

"It bothers me that while hard working people are trying to get to their jobs, they get held up by the likes of you. It bothers me that brave public servants have to deal with you and your hipster friends, while they should be out helping and protecting law abiding citizens." 
Rosie's face was turning slightly red with anger. Of all the... low down... 
She stood, facing Colby head on. "It's the likes of me that will save this country from people like you who will give us a future of war and global warming, with the rich getting richer on the backs of the poor!" 
Colby smirked. "What? Did your yogi teach you that?" 
"Argh!" Rosie squealed in frustration. 
Jodi thought this was the right time to intervene. "Okay, why don't we agree to disagree? Rosie? Shall we go to Lindsey's room and discuss the plans?"As she steered Rosie out of the kitchen, she patted Colby on the shoulder and said with a smile, "Why don't you have some cookies with your coffee, Colby, and relax." 
When they left the kitchen, Colby slapped her hand down on the counter. 
That was so unprofessional, Forest! What are you doing? Why are you letting that hippy get to you? 
For the moment, she had no answers. 


"I'm so sorry about that, Jodi. What must you think of me? Listen, I'll just go. You don't want someone who shouts her mouth off like that to work for you." 
Jodi looked at her with a smirk. "Don't be ridiculous. I found it quite amusing," said Jodi. 
"I don't know why she annoys me so much. I hardly know her and she just makes me angry." 
"I know she appears kind of, buttoned up and moody,, but she's really very nice." 
"I'll take your word for it, Jodi. Thanks for giving me this chance. Can I show you my plans and test out the paint samples?" 
"Sure, I've been looking forward to it." 


"Mom! Mom! Higher!" Lindsey shouted. Bryce was pushing her on the swings. 
"Any higher, Smurf, and you'll be flying." She let the swing come gently back down to earth. 
They had been playing for about an hour and Bryce didn't think she'd ever had as much fun. 
Bryce swung her little girl up in her arms. How about we get some lunch, Linds? Then we can play with your ball." 
"Yeah! Me hungry. We get pizza and fries, Mom?" 
"Sure, kid, and ice cream for dessert. You can get whatever you want today,, but don't be surprised if Mama makes us eat healthy stuff tomorrow to make up for it!" 
Lindsey screwed up her face. "Ew! No like ealthy." 
Bryce smiled. "Me neither. Let's go get pizza, Smurf." 

Across the park, someone watched the mother and daughter walk away. 

"That girl is your double, Royal. She has nothing of my precious Jodi running through her veins. You can keep your brat. My Jodi and I will make our own family. Soon. You may have imprisoned her with your so-called security, Royal,, but I'm too clever for you. I will rescue my woman. No one takes what is mine!" the figure thought feverishly, and slipped away. 

The sound of the new friends' laughter brought Jodi and Rosie into the apartment. Colby followed with a scowl on her face, laden down with all their purchases. 

"Hey, it was an accident!" Rosie said defensively. 
"Yeah. Of course it was!" 
Jodi and Rosie had spent the afternoon shopping for furniture and paint samples. In Home Depot there had been an incident with a sample can of paint, that Rosie was holding, and Colby's shirt. 
"Listen, soldier boy. If I had wanted to get paint on you, you'd be covered from head to foot!" 
Jodi thought she should intervene before this escalated any further. 
"Colby, I'll get you one of Bryce's t shirts to put on. Why don't you two stop arguing and dump the stuff in Lindsey's room, okay?" 
Colby sighed and padded off with the bags. As soon as Colby's back was turned, Rosie stuck her tongue out at the tall woman, smirked at Jodi and followed her nemesis to Lindsey's room. 
Jodi shook her head and went to get the t-shirt for Colby. "What am I going to do with those two?" 



Bryce and Lindsey came crashing through the door. The TV star had her daughter slung over her shoulder. They'd had a wonderful day together, bonding and making up for the time they had missed together. 
"Now where did I put that Smurf of mine? I must have left her at the park? Oh well, I'm sure Mama will understand." 
Lindsey giggled and kicked her legs trying to get Bryce's attention. 
"You no forget me, Mom! I up here!" 
Bryce made a big show of twirling round, looking for where the voice had come from. 
"That sounded like Linds? Where'd that come from?" 
"Here, Mom! Up here!" The excited girl shouted. 
Bryce looked up and faked a shocked expression. "Linds? There you are! I knew I put you somewhere." 
"Ha! Ha! Put me down, Mom." 
"Okay, kid. Let's go and see what your Mama and Rosie have done to your room." 
They found a tense looking Colby and Rosie, trying very hard to ignore each other. Lindsey ran over to get one of her toys still left in the room. 
"Hi guys. Hey Colby, did you have an argument with a can of paint?" Bryce joked. 
"Very funny. It was an accident, apparently." Colby looked pointedly at Rosie, who gave her a disgusted look in return. 
"O...kay. Can you tell me where my fiance is?" 
"She went to your room to get me a t-shirt to change into,, but that was about twenty minutes ago. Must have got caught up in something. 
T-shirt? My t-shirt drawer? The letters! Shit! Fear gripped Bryce's heart. The fear that she kept hidden deep inside, that life with Jodi and Lindsey was too perfect and she would somehow mess it up. Either that or the stalker would steal her away. 
"Um... could you guys watch Lindsey for me?" 
"Sure," replied Rosie. Colby was immediately on alert. "Is everything okay, Bryce?" 
"Yeah... just... um, I'll be back in a bit, okay?" 
Bryce rushed to their bedroom. The door was shut. She took a deep breath. Come on, Royal. You can do this! She opened the door to find an empty room. Bryce's drawer was turned upside down, the t-shirts strewn all over the floor. Bryce's heart began to beat faster as her eyes lifted towards the bed where the letters were set out. The originals of the more recent letters that Bryce had not turned in to the police yet and photocopies of the rest. They were all there,, but Jodi was not. 

Bryce checked their bathroom and, when she found nothing, she frantically checked through the rest of the apartment. 
"Jodi? Jodi? Are you here?" Colby and Rosie appeared, reacting to Bryce's shouts. 
"What's wrong?" 
"She's not here! She found the letters and she's not here. She's left me, Colby!" 
"What's wrong? Is Jodi okay?" asked Rosie, totally confused at what was happening. 
Bryce grabbed her jacket and keys. "Will you please watch Lindsey for me?" 
Colby stood in front of her employer, blocking her path. She knew Bryce was so distressed and panicked that she shouldn't be out there alone. 
"I'll come with you. Rosie can watch Lindsey; you can trust her. Just let me do my job." 
"No. I'm going alone. Jodi's out there upset and angry and without protection. I need to find her, quickly. I trust Rosie, but the stalker could take this opportunity to take Lindsey, to hurt us, to use her as leverage to get to Jodi. I need you to protect her. Rosie? Colby? Please take care of our daughter." 
"Of course we will." Rosie lifted Lindsey, who had wandered into the hallway after hearing her mom's shouts. 

She looked worried. "Mom? Where Mama?" 
Bryce stroked her little cheek."I'm just going to pick Mama up. We'll be back soon." 
As she turned to leave, Colby grabbed her arm. "Bryce, she'll be close by. There's no way she would leave cute stuff here for long. Call me, okay? Let me know she's safe. If he has gotten close to her, come back and let me do my job, alright?" 
Bryce nodded and left the apartment. Out in the hall, she braced herself against the door, taking a few deep breaths to help with the wave of nausea that came over her. 
Fuck! Get yourself under control, Royal! Jodi needs you . 
The wave passed and she headed to the elevator. 



Bryce found her herself standing on the sidewalk, with no idea where to go. 
Her heart thudded and her hands shook in panic. She nervously ran a big hand through her dark hair. 
Think! Where would she go? She doesn't know anyone! What If he's got her? No. Stop it! You can't think like that . 
"Where are the paparazzi when you need them? They follow her around for months and then I choose today to manage to get them off her tail." 
As Bryce looked up, she noticed a man with a camera leaning against a building across the street. 
She rushed across the road, narrowly missing a taxi cab on the way to the lone paparazzo. 
The photographer looked a little shocked at the sight of the big, angry, muscled, TV star bearing down on him. 
"You! Did you see my fiance leaving my building?" 
"Uh... I..." The young man thought she was angry about him harassing them. 
"I don't have time for this!" Bryce grabbed his camera and flicked through the shots he had taken and spotted a few showing Jodi walking down the road. 
Bryce grabbed the photographer by the shirt. "Where did she go after this?" 
He couldn't believe his luck when he saw Jodi Bishop come out of the apartment building alone. She was usually surrounded by a pack of photographers, each vying for a shot,, but today he was the only one. Royal had offered a shot to the assembled pack earlier in exchange for leaving them alone for a day out. The rest had,, but his editor wanted him to hang around and try to get a shot of a new arty looking woman who had been seen coming and going. So when he had seen Jodi leave, he took a few shots before turning his attention back to the apartment. 

"Tell me now!" 
"Sh... she walked down to the end of the street and I think went into that bar." 
With a sigh of relief, he watched the TV star run off down the street. 

Bryce stood outside the bar door catching her breath. It was one of the many gay bars in the village. She had passed a few times, but never went in for a drink. 
Plucking up her courage, Bryce walked through the door. 
The place was quiet. A few people sat at the bar and tables up front, or in the booths in the back. 

"Hey Bryce! Nice to see you. Get you a drink?" The barkeep had spotted her already; she had forgotten to put on her usual dark glasses and hat. 
Bryce walked up to the bar. 
"No, that's okay. I was looking for my fiance." She took out her wallet to show her Jodi's picture. 
"Has she been in here?" 
"Hey, I don't need the picture, everyone knows what your honey looks like. She's been in the magazines for I don't know how long. By the way, you lucked out getting that girl; she's one fine looking woman!" 

Bryce was getting exasperated. "Yeah. I know. Listen buddy, this is kind of urgent, could you tell me if she's been in here?" 
"Sure! Could you sign this for my girlfriend?" She held out a napkin and pen. 

Bryce grabbed it and scrawled out her autograph. "There, now Jodi?" 
"Thanks. Oh, she's in the last booth down there. Some dyke's been hitting on her for the last twenty minutes." 
Bryce's head snapped around towards the back booth. She couldn't see Jodi,, but saw a short looking, butch woman in a business suit hanging over the side of the booth. Bryce growled and shot off towards them. 



Jodi had no success in getting rid of this woman who couldn't seem to take a hint. She had just wanted to have a quiet drink somewhere she could think and process what she had discovered. 

"Listen baby, why don't we go get some dinner somewhere. I just got a big promotion today at my law firm. I'm a partner now." 
The woman looked rather smug, as if being a lawyer usually impressed women she decided she liked. 
Jodi sighed. "Listen, I told you, I just want to be on my own. Besides that, I'm engaged, see?" She lifted her hand. 
That's some sparkler! thought the lawyer. Still, she's fair game . 

"She's not here, though, is she? A woman as pretty as you shouldn't be without company." Jodi was feeling suffocated as the lawyer blocked off her exit and stroked her shoulder. 
The lawyer felt herself yanked backwards by the collar. "Get your hands off what doesn't belong to you and beat it!" 
"Hey! Who do you think you... oh." The overconfident lawyer turned around and had to look up to see the face of a huge, obviously angry, girlfriend who happened to be a famous TV star with a gold medal in taekwondo. 

"Sh... she's your..." 
"Yeah, she's mine. So I'd advise you to get out of here before I throw you onto the sidewalk on your ass!" 
The lawyer moved away from the booth as quick as she could, tripping over tables and chairs on the way. 
"Uh... sure thing. Listen, if I knew she was with you... I'll just... just go. Sorry." 
With that she was gone. 

Bryce sat across from Jodi, who was staring into her glass. 
"Um... hey, baby." 
Jodi looked up from her drink with a scowl. "Don't "baby" me. I'm not interested." 
Shit! You knew you would fuck this up! 
"Listen. I know your upset..." 

"Upset?" Jodi barked. "You think I'm just upset? Do you know what it felt like to find those letters? To know that I've been happily going around day-to-day thinking you and Colby were just being over the top, only to find out the threat is real and very dangerous. What gave you the right to keep that from me like I was some little child who needs to be taken care of? When I read those letters, it took me right back to finding those messages on Danielle's phone. " 
Bryce slammed her hands down on the table. 
"You're comparing me to your lying cheating ex? I don't believe this! I was trying to protect you. It's my job! You should never have left the apartment; it's not safe for you out here." 
Jodi was shocked at Bryce's outburst of anger. It was supposed to be her that was angry. 
"Don't you shout at me like that. Just leave me alone to think!" Tears were beginning to roll down her cheeks. 
Bryce's heart was breaking watching Jodi cry, knowing that she was crying because of her actions. 
Great, Royal. You come here to beg for forgiveness and you end up yelling at the woman you love! 
"I'm so sorry for shouting. I'm just panicking. When I got home and you weren't there... I've never been more frightened in my life. Please just give me fifteen minutes to explain. Come home with me and let me talk. If you still want to go, I'll have Colby take you wherever you want. I promise." 

Jodi silently stared into her drink. "Please! Just fifteen minutes. Look, Lindsey was really worried when you weren't home; I told her I was just going to pick you up. If I don't come back with you..." 
Jodi stood up. "You have fifteen minutes, but if I'm not satisfied, Colby can take Lindsey and me somewhere, a hotel or something." 
I could lose them over this. Lose everything , thought Bryce dejectedly. 
"Thank you, Jodi." Bryce stood to follow her partner when Jodi stopped and looked her right in the eye. 
"Don't ever use our daughter to get what you want again." 
She walked on with a chastised Bryce close behind. 


The couple's walk home had been in silence. When they entered the apartment they found Colby, Rosie and Lindsey playing in the living room. Rosie and Colby felt the tension immediately take over the room. Lindsey ran straight up to Jodi, who lifted her up and cuddled her tight. 

"Mama, you back! I din't know where you were," Lindsey pouted. 
Jodi kissed her daughter. "I just popped out for a bit, sweetie." 
While Jodi talked to Lindsey, Bryce spoke to Colby. 
"Colby would you mind taking Lindsey to McDonalds for some dinner?" 
Colby patted her on the back. "Sure." 
"Uh Jodi? How about Colby takes Lindsey to McDonald's?" Bryce asked gently. 
Jodi sighed, "Yes. That's probably a good idea. Lindsey you want to go out with Colby?" 
"Yeah! Wosie come, too?" Colby looked nervously at her nemesis, wondering what the young woman's reaction would be. 
"I'd love to, sweetie!" Then turning to Colby said, "Come on, soldier boy!" Rosie grabbed Lindsey's jacket and they walked hand in hand towards the door. Colby followed behind, hands in pockets, muttering, "God help me!" 


Jodi and Bryce found themselves alone in the living room. 
Jodi sat down and said, "Well, I'm waiting." 
Bryce paced and ran her fingers through her hair. 

"After the break in and the message scrawled on the mirror, you and Lindsey were so scared, so upset. When I went to work the next day there was a letter waiting for me. I told Zach and Theo right away. I asked them not to tell you. You and Lindsey were happy and settled and beginning to relax. If I told you about the letter, you would have been upset again and you would have been watching your every step and looking over your shoulder all the time, waiting for the next letter or for the stalker to pounce; instead of doing what you did do, which was relaxing into family life here, with me. When I didn't tell about you the first letter and more kept coming, I was committed to that path, I got in deeper and deeper. Colby said I should tell you,, but I knew you'd be angry and I didn't want to spoil everything we've built." 

Jodi shook her head. "That was not your decision to make, Bryce. I swore after Danielle that I would never be kept in the dark or have a partner make decisions for me again." 
Bryce was shaking. I'm going to lose everything. The big woman fell on her knees in front of Jodi, tears welling up in her eyes. 
"Please. I'm sorry. I made the wrong decision. I thought I was doing the right thing to protect you both. I love the two of you more than anything in the world. I'll never keep anything from you again." 
Jodi's resolve was crumbling as she saw Bryce cry, terrified of losing them both. 

When I see her upset like this, all I want to do is put my arms around her and make it all better. This is her first serious relationship. She finds out she has a daughter and gets engaged; her life is changed beyond recognition in a few months and all the time a stalker has been hanging over her head, threatening to take her family away. Think about the pressure she's had to bear, alone , thought Jodi. 

She took Bryce's tear stained face in her hands. "I don't agree with what you did, but I can understand why you did it. I love you with all my heart. Lindsey and I are so lucky to have you to keep us safe,, but don't ever keep things from me again!" 

Bryce's emotions overflowed in sheer relief. She threw her arms round the blonde's waist, head in her lap. "Oh god, thank you! I love you so much, baby girl, I promise you there will never be any secrets between us again. Shit! I thought you'd take Lindsey and leave me." 

Jodi stroked her partner dark head. "Oh, goofy. I was mad and hurt, but please know I would never leave you, I might be angry for a while, maybe a few days, but we'll always work it out, I promise. I will never leave you. You're the love of my life." 



Colby smirked. She looked over at Rosie as she unloaded their meals from the tray. 
The tall woman had annoyed Rosie when they reached McDonald's by insisting on paying for dinner. She was sure she heard the words chauvinist pig being uttered. 
Colby got her way and now Rosie was sorting Lindsey's food for her, while trying her best to ignore Colby. 

"There you go, Lindsey. You want ketchup?" 
"Yes, please." 
Rosie started on her fries and apple pie. She could almost feel Colby's smirking face without looking up. 

"You got a problem, soldier boy?" 

Colby picked up her huge double cheeseburger with bacon and took a big bite. "Let's just say it wasn't a huge surprise that all you got was fries and an apple pie." 
"Meaning?" asked Rosie, her annoyance growing. 
"Let's just say if there was a checklist for being a lesbian, you would have every box checked off." 
"Excuse me?" 
"Come on? You're in the art business, anti-war, anti-government, anti-authority, anti-big business, professional protestor, vegetarian and I'm quite sure you have some rainbow flag stickers or jewelry somewhere around you or your apartment." 
Rosie was enraged. "Excuse me, soldier boy!, but if you were to ask everyone in the restaurant who was the lesbian here, every single one would point to you, sitting in your men's suit with your extremely short men's hairstyle, and your 'Oh I'll pay the bill, little lady,' attitude. Ms., butch of the Year, 1955!" 

Colby smiled. She mentions my being, butch all the time. Hmm. Interesting . 
"Well, perhaps Lindsey doesn't need to hear us bicker? Truce?" 
Rosie took a deep breath and nodded. Oh! That woman infuriates me! 
"How are you doing, kiddo?" 
"Okay Dackson, you build my toy from my appy meal?" 
"Of course. Give it here." Colby began to build the toy car from a Disney movie. 
Rosie decided to change the subject. "So what was that all about? Bryce said Jodi found some letters?" 
"I don't think we should talk about it with little ears listening." Colby indicated her head towards Lindsey. 
"Oh...yeah. Sorry," Rosie replied quietly. 
"It's not something I could talk about to outsiders anyway. For security." 
"Oh yeah, because I'm really a threat to security, aren't I?!" 
Colby leaned across the table and said in a quiet, but firm voice. "You're an unknown quantity, to an extent. I don't know as much about you as I would like to, and I don't take chances with my work." 
"What do you mean? Have you been checking up on me?" 
Colby leaned back in her seat, looking smug."I ran a few background checks, its normal practice." 
Rosie's face was a picture of rage. "Normal practice? How dare you! I have a right to privacy! That's a breach of my human rights!" 
"Grow up, hippy girl! That's the way the real world works." 
Lindsey who had been watching her friends get angry said, "Wosie okay, Dackson?" 
Colby smirked. "She's fine, munchkin. Just a bit excited, that's all." 
Rosie directed a fiery look towards her dinner companion. 
You are the most infuriating person I have ever met! 



Bryce and Jodi were cuddled up on the couch when Colby and Rosie returned with Lindsey. 
Bryce refused to let go of her fiance. She had come so close to messing things up and vowed to do anything to keep her family together. 
Jodi stood to take Lindsey in her arms. 
"Thanks for taking her, guys. I appreciate it," Jodi told Colby and Rosie. 
"Anytime. Why don't I leave you guys to it? I'll come back tomorrow," said the young decorator. 
Jodi nodded. She felt Bryce join her and snake an arm round her side. 
"Yeah, thanks you two. Colby, you can pull out if you like. We're in for the night now. If you want to come over early tomorrow and spar, I'd like that. It will give us a chance to talk about our plans, as well," Bryce told Colby. 
"Will do." Then turning to Rosie said, "Can I give you a ride anywhere?" 
Rosie just scowled back at her. "I don't think so. Jodi I'll just go and collect my things from Lindsey's room." 
Ungrateful hippy freak! "Fine. That's the last time I try to be nice!" Colby said as Rosie walked away. 
Jodi saw the look of hurt on Colby's face. "She's young, Colby. You two just seem to clash. Don't worry about it." 
"I'm not worried. I couldn't care less what she thinks of me. I'll see you two tomorrow." 
Jodi could tell that the tough looking woman was bothered, but said nothing. 
"Bye Colby. Thanks for today." 
"Yeah thanks, buddy," added Bryce. 

Later when they had put Lindsey to bed, they shared a glass of wine on the couch, Bryce still holding onto Jodi at every opportunity. 
"So what will we do next, honey? About the stalker situation." 
"I thought maybe I could invite Theo and Zach over to talk about it. Now that everything's out in the open, when can see where they are with it and you can ask them any questions you may have." 
"Sounds like a plan. Let's go to bed. We've a lot to do tomorrow. We have to visit the preschools, remember? And Kris wants us to meet with the wedding planner. I thought we could just leave Rosie to her work here. Is that okay?" 
"Yeah, sure. I called Theo earlier and told him I wouldn't make training, I'll just spar with Colby in the morning. I can't wait to marry you, baby girl." 
Jodi kissed Bryce on the cheek. "Me neither, goofy. Let's go to bed and snuggle." 
Bryce lifted her fiance from the couch. "After today, that sounds like heaven, Jodi." 


It was Monday morning and the new family had a lot to pack in. Bryce was in the office talking with Colby, while Jodi got Lindsey ready for their day. 
"So is everything sorted now?" Asked Colby. 
Bryce let out a long breath. "Yes, thank god. She was so angry. Her ex kept things from her before so this hit a raw nerve. I made a bad choice, but she's forgiven me, and I won't make that mistake again." 
"It's better in the long run if she knows. We can now secure the apartment and any outings properly, with her full cooperation." 
"Yeah. I called Theo and asked him to come over with Zach and have a talk with her about it." Bryce explained. 

"Great idea. So what's on the agenda today?" Colby asked. 
"Were heading over to visit a couple of preschools, then meeting with the wedding planner Kris recommended," Bryce scowled. 
"I thought you couldn't wait to be tied down? I mean the very thought of marriage makes my stomach queasy,, but you're Bryce Royal, responsible family woman." 
"You're right, I can't wait. I wish it were tomorrow,, but I wish Jodi would just tell me where to show up and when. It'll be all 'What do you think of this fabric?' and 'Green or blue?'" 
Colby laughed. "I hear you, my friend!" 
Bryce heard someone clear their throat at the office door. Her head darted around to find Jodi glaring at her. 
Shit! 
"I heard that, goofy!" Bryce jumped up. 
"You know I don't mean anything, baby. I just..." Bryce was silenced by a kiss. 
"Shh! I know, honey. Relax, okay?" Jodi said with a smile. She knew Bryce was a little sensitive after last night. 
"Okay, um... you two ready to go?" 
"Sure, and as a special treat, you and Colby can pick the table decorations!" She turned on her heel, and left the two women rolling their eyes. 



"And so here at Greenfield School, we pride ourselves on diversity and a dedication to teaching young people the responsibility that they have in their communities." 
Bryce and Jodi were meeting the principal of the second school of the day. Kris had said that this school was favored by a lot of gay couples, due to their progressive policies. 
The first school had been a little traditional and Jodi felt the staff were uncomfortable with Lindsey having two mommies. 
As soon as they arrived at Greenfield, they felt a completely different atmosphere. The principal was warm and friendly, and quite eager for the famous couple to choose the school. They had been escorted to a large playroom where Lindsey could play, so Bryce and Jodi could talk with Mrs. Whitmore, the school principal. Colby stood guard at the door. 

"That sounds great. What do you think, Jodi," asked Bryce. 
While driving over, Jodi had looked through the school brochure and balked at the cost, $20,000 a year,, but Bryce managed to bring Jodi around by talking up the security benefits. 
"Are there any entrance requirements?" 
"Yes. We have an entrance exam,, but I'm sure Lindsey will have no problem. We usually require children to be four years old on, or before, September 1st,, but in your circumstances, with Lindsey just moving into the area, I think I can bend that rule for you." 
"You understand our need for security? Colby Forest, our security consultant, would need to escort Lindsey, with either Jodi or myself, to and from school. Colby would need full access to the school, and we need your assurance of Lindsey's security during the day," added Bryce. 
"We will have no problem accommodating your needs, and I can assure you that we have a number of families, here at Greenfield, who have similar needs. As you saw when you entered the school, no one gets in or out without going through our security. For any field trips we will, of course, be flexible on any extra security you think is necessary." 
"Well that answers all my questions. Could we have a few minutes to discuss our options, Mrs. Whitmore?" 
"Of course, just call me when you're ready." 
When she left the room, Bryce called her daughter over and lifted her onto her lap. 
"Hey Linds. Remember we said this could be your preschool?" Lindsey nodded. 
"Well, what do you think? Do you like it here?" When Mrs. Whitmore had shown them around, Lindsey seemed excited by the brightly colored and friendly environment. 
"Yeah, Mom. They ave tool toys! And loads of puters!" 
"Well that's good. What do you think, Jodi?" 
Jodi let out a breath. "Well it certainly is an impressive set up,, but then it should be at those prices!" 
"Jodi, come on, we talked about this," Bryce chastised. 
"I know. It will give Lindsey an incredible start in life. I like the principal and her staff, and it seems like a warm and friendly environment, compared to the place this morning." 
Bryce turned and took Jodi's hand; Lindsey had darted off to play with the toys again. 
"That's what I want for our daughter, the best start in life. We both had normal working class families and educations, and there's nothing wrong with that,, but if we give Lindsey the best education we can, then her life has so many more options. I want Lindsey to be able to do everything she wants to with her life. That's not so bad is it?" 
Jodi smiled and kissed Bryce lightly. 
"No, it's not. You know you are just the sweetest TV star in the world!" 
Bryce flashed a smug smile and said, "Well, I do try." 
"You know what this means, don't you?" 
"What?" 
"Shopping! Lindsey's going to need lots of new clothes for preschool. You wanted me to be more comfortable with spending our money; well you're going to end up being sorry you ever encouraged me!" 
"Never! I love to see you two getting nice things. I'm sure Colby will be delighted about more shopping trips." 
Bryce looked over to the door and caught Colby giving her a disgusted look. Bryce simply smiled back. 
"Well, let's go tell Mrs. Whitmore the good news." 
Bryce stood and went in search of her. 


After setting an appointment for the entrance test, Bryce, Jodi and Lindsey stopped for lunch before heading off to meet the wedding planner. They tried to make the first meeting as quick as possible as Lindsey was getting tired and restless. 
They decided the wedding would take place at the Metropolitan Community Church, followed by a reception at the Four Seasons Hotel, where they would stay overnight. Jodi promised Justin, their wedding planner, that she would return soon for a more in-depth appointment, without Lindsey, to discuss dresses, food and all the other details. 

They arrived home with a tired and grumpy Lindsey. Bryce and Colby promised they would play video games with her until dinner, which cheered her up immensely. 
Jodi went to check on Rosie's progress. 
"How's it coming?" Jodi asked. 
The room was now completely empty. Bryce and Colby had cleared out the furniture for her. 
"Oh hi, really good. I've given the walls a base coat of paint. Tomorrow, I'll start sketching out the jungle designs in pencil, before they're painted." 
"Great, I should be able to help tomorrow. I've got no plans. I do want to go clothes shopping for Lindsey,, but I think it would be unfair to trail her around the stores after today. Especially since Bryce's working, so I can't leave her here." 
Rosie nodded. "How did everything go today?" 
"Great. We got Lindsey signed up for preschool, then made some very brief arrangements with the wedding planner. Lindsey had had enough by that point so we couldn't plan too much. I'm going back to have an appointment on my own." 
Rosie observed that Jodi looked a little sad. 
"Are you okay?" 
"Yeah, it's nothing. It's just that, at times like these, I miss having a mother to share this with, to help make decisions. My family and I are estranged and I don't really have any girlfriends, it's just been Lindsey and me for so long, and Bryce will be no use at choosing things." 
Rosie felt sorry for Jodi. She knew how it felt to miss a mother. "Listen, if you ever want a second opinion or someone to go with you, feel free to ask me. There's nothing I like better than choosing dresses and fabrics." 
Jodi beamed in relief. "Really? Oh that would be wonderful! This whole celebrity wedding thing is really overwhelming." 
"No problem. It'll be fun, and I get to annoy Colby, even more fun!" 
The women laughed. Poor Colby! thought Jodi. 


In the evening, once Lindsey was safely put to bed and Rosie had left for the day, Theo and Zach came over to talk with Jodi, Colby and Bryce. 
After serving coffee and cookies, Jodi sat close to Bryce, gripping her hand for reassurance. 
"Anything new?" asked Bryce. 
"Not really. We checked out the waiter Danielle had mentioned was overly interested in Jodi. His name is Drew Simpson. He seems like a quiet guy. Lives with his elderly mother. He did have a few magazines lying around that had you both on them,, but he struck me more as a fan than anything." Theo said. 
Bryce turned to her fiance. "Do you remember him, Jodi?" 
"Yeah. He was harmless, it was just a crush. If I met Danielle at the restaurant, he would make me feel uncomfortable by looking and 'accidentally' brushing past me. Just your typical guy who's not very successful with women." 
"Well they're the type to watch out for, so we'll keep an eye on him, but until we get anymore leads, there's not really a whole lot we can do," Zach added. 
Bryce sat forward in her seat, obviously agitated. 
"What about Danielle? Are you sure about her? She has a history of violence." 
"Bryce! I don't like to talk about that. Danielle wouldn't do something like this. She was a cheater yes,, but she liked women, lots of women. She wouldn't get fixated on me like this." Bryce was annoyed by being chastised in front of everyone and Jodi defending Danielle. She got up and poured herself some scotch, a scowl on her face. 
Colby, feeling a need to change the subject and break the tension, said, "What about the wedding, guys? We're going to need extra protection for the day." 
Theo agreed. "You're right. The wedding may be a catalyst for whoever this is to act, so we have to take extra care. We'll coordinate with you on security." 
Bryce still stood with her back to the group. Jodi could feel the anger coming from her. 
She needed to talk to her alone. 
"Thanks for coming over and talking with me," Jodi said, standing and brining the meeting to an end. 
"No problem, Jodi. We'll be in touch. Goodnight. Night, Bryce." 
Bryce turned briefly and said goodbye. 
After she and Jodi saw them out, Colby said. "I'll head off, too. Go talk to her. She's just stressed." 
Jodi nodded. "Thanks, Colby. Goodnight." 
When they were alone, she walked over to her partner, who had her back to Jodi. 
"Well, that was rude!" Bryce just snorted in reply. 
"And drinking isn't going to help! Why are you so angry?" 
Jodi reached and touched her partners shoulder, only to have it pulled away. 
Bryce turned. "Why am I angry? Are you serious? You defend your lying, cheating, and abusive ex right in front of my friends! You talk to me like I'm some child! And you ask why I'm angry?" Bryce stomped over to the couch and sat down with her drink. 
What is wrong with her? This isn't like my Bryce? thought Jodi. 
"Oh and I'll drink where and when I like!" 
Jodi was hurt, but tried to remain calm. "I don't know what's really bothering you,, but I only said that Danielle wouldn't want to harm and frighten me like this. I know she was violent, but this is a whole different ball game. I think you're frightened and a little jealous of my past with Danielle, and that's why you're acting like this. So I'm going to let you sort it out in your head yourself. I'm going to bed." Jodi knew Bryce could be emotionally fragile and was struggling to cope with a threat coming from a faceless person. She knew, given some time to calm down, she would come seeking love and reassurance. 
Bryce was left in the living room by herself. She drank the rest of her whiskey and got up for another. 
She felt foolish. How could she say that in front of Theo and Zach! Made me look like some jealous idiot. How can no one else see it's probably Danielle?! Someone who's violent like that! Of course it could be her! 
Hmm. Maybe Jodi felt embarrassed having her past talked about like that. Shit! That's why she busted your balls, you idiot! Fuck! Bryce sat wondering how to get back into Jodi's good graces. 


Bryce crept into their bedroom. Jodi was asleep, but had laid out Bryce's sleepwear of white sleeveless t-shirt and boxers. Always thinking of me, baby girl. You don't deserve her, Royal! 
Bryce got ready for bed in the bathroom, so as not to wake Jodi. She got into bed and lay on her back. She desperately wanted to reach out to Jodi, but thought she would be rebuffed. 
A few minutes later, unable to wait any longer, she caved. 
"Jodi? Jodi?" 
Jodi, who was only half asleep, opened her eyes. 
"What is it, honey?" 
"Em... I'm... I'm sorry, okay. I was out of line. I just get really scared and Danielle is an easy target because she hurt you before. I hate to think of you with her." 
"It's okay, goofy. I know you're scared. Come here." Jodi opened her arms to her partner and Bryce latched onto her fiance like a limpet. 
"I'm sorry, I'm an idiot." Bryce mumbled into Jodi's breasts. 
"You're not an idiot. You've been through a lot, honey. From bachelor to just about to be married with a child in the space of 3 months. It's a lot of responsibility. You're just scared." 
"I just want to protect you. I want you and Lindsey to have a happy calm life." 
"We will. We'll get this sorted out somehow." 
"You always make things better, Jodi. How do you do that?" 
"Because I know you, Bryce Royal. You're in my soul and I love you." 
Bryce climbed up and kissed Jodi tenderly. 
"I love you with all that I am." 
"Can I talk to you about something?" 
"You know you can." Bryce lay down and pulled Jodi into her arms. "You know how we said if I got along well with Rosie that we'd ask her to do the decorating on the new house?" 
Bryce nodded. 
"Well how would you feel about her doing our bedroom here? I mean it's going to be well into January before we move to the beach, and we're still going to be staying here every so often." 
"Of course, I told you before this place is yours to do with what you want. I know it's bland, I want you to make both places homey, do the whole place if you'd like." 
"Great. Gives me something to do. I'm used to being out at work every day. Oh, and Rosie offered to come with me to see the wedding planner, and to take a look at some dresses. I really appreciated it. I don't have friends and a girl usually has her mother," she said sadly. 
"I'm sorry, baby girl. I'm sorry you don't have her to share it with." 
"I can only guess what she's making of us from the newspapers and magazines. Disgusted, no doubt. She's probably asking Father Peters to pray for me." 
"We don't have the best luck with families do we?" Bryce said sadly. 
"We have the family we're creating together and that's what counts." 
Bryce kissed Jodi. "Your right again, baby. I'm glad you're making a friend in Rosie. She seems like a nice girl." 
"She is. Let's get some sleep, goofy. Night." 
"Sweet dreams, baby girl. I love you." 
Bryce closed her eyes and silently prayed that no harm would come to her beloved little family. 

"What are you doing on the show this week?" Jodi asked Bryce the next morning. 
"It's really cool! You'll like this, Linds. It's a basketball challenge, the contestant to get the most baskets wins. Boring you might say,, but not when you put a trampoline in front of the basket. We run up, jump on the trampoline, which sends us high in the air, well above the basket, then you get a really cool slam dunk before you come crashing down to the mats." Bryce enthused. 
"Dats so tool, Mom!" 
"Isn't it dangerous, Bryce?" 
"Well, of course, a little bit. That's what my show is all about., but I'll be fine." 
Jodi looked unconvinced. 
"Mom, me come see you do it?" 
Bryce smiled eagerly. "Yeah! What do you think, Jodi? Will you two come on Friday?" 
"Yes, that's fine., but don't blame me, TV star, when we're at the emergency room because Linds has been copying your stunts!" 
"Nah! You'll love it won't you, Smurf! So what's on the agenda for my girls today?" 
Jodi walked around to clean Lindsey's face of breakfast. 
"We goin to paint manimals, Mom!" 
"We're going to help Rosie with the room." Jodi explained to Bryce. 
"Ah, okay. Well have fun! I better get going. Where's Colby?" 
"Oh, playing with her security cameras, I think." 
Standing, Bryce said, "Okay Linds, where's my kisses before I go?" Lindsey stood up on her chair to be lifted by her Mom for a hug and a kiss. 
"Now you be a good girl for your Mama, all right?" Lindsey nodded. 
"Love you, Linds." 
"Love you, Mom." 
"Go on to your room, Linds, and I'll come and get you dressed in a minute." 
Lindsey ran off happily and Bryce pulled Jodi into her arms. 
"You be good as well, baby girl." 
Jodi smiled, her hand teasing down Bryce's chest. "I'm always good, TV star. Now go and do some work, and stop distracting me with your good looks!" 
Bryce laughed and kissed her fiance thoroughly. "I'll take my good looks to work then. I love you." 
"I love you too, honey. Be careful doing that trampoline stuff." 
"I will. I'll call at lunchtime." 
As Jodi saw Bryce off to work, she welcomed Rosie in, and promised to join her as soon as she had Lindsey dressed. 


Bryce walked into the studio building and was met by Kris. They talked as they walked to Bryce's office. 
"Morning Kris. What do we have planned today?" 
"Meetings with the writers at one, Christian Donald the actor will be in at 11 to meet you. Oh, and we need to make a decision about the interview with you and Jodi before the wedding." 
Bryce laughed and joked. "So not a lot, then?" 

"Funny!" Kris said sarcastically. 

"Okay, okay. I've been thinking about the interview thing. Jodi's willing to do it and get all the attention out of the way,, but I don't want her going on a show with an audience. That's too much pressure for someone who's not used to it. I think the interviewer should come to the show when Jodi and Lindsey are there watching. They can get an interview with us before I do the show, and get some good footage of Jodi and Lindsey watching. The main thing being, it's on my territory and I can control what footage is taken." 
"That's a great idea Bryce, I agree. Should I contact the short list of interviewers and feel them out?" asked Kris. 
"Yeah. If they are free to do it Friday, Jodi and Lindsey are coming in anyway., but make it clear that I want final say on what goes out. My first choice would be Mattie Edwards of the Today Show. She's done this sort of thing before and wouldn't be very aggressive. I'll okay it with Jodi when I call her at lunch." 
"No problem. I'll get right on it. I'll be back with your protein shake in a minute, okay?" 
"Sure. Thanks, Kris." 

Colby had heard laughter coming from Lindsey's bedroom all morning. She had to reluctantly admit that Rosie seemed to cheer Jodi up. 
Colby was doing some research into both Drew Simpson and Danielle Bianchi. 
Her contacts in the FBI had forwarded all the information on file with police and government databases. They had assured her that there was nothing in them, but Colby wanted to go over them with a fine-tooth comb, as they had nothing else to go on. She didn't really think there was any evidence that it would be Danielle, but since Bryce was so wary, Colby felt she had to look into her background. 
She started with Drew. He had no police record whatsoever; his employment record looked okay, although he did seem to move from job to job a lot. 
'Hmm. Looks like he's in a job for six months or so then let go. I think I need to talk to some of his past employers.' 
Her thoughts were interrupted by Lindsey running into the office. 
"Dackson! Dackson! Come see dhe manimals I drawed. Lindsey said jumping up and down. 
Colby smiled. "Sure, munchkin. Lead the way." 

Lindsey ran ahead of her into the bedroom. Colby found Jodi and Rosie sitting on the floor, laughing at Jodi's attempt to draw the outline of a giraffe. 
"I think I should leave the outlining to you Rosie, and I'll help color them in. Hey Colby! You come to see our handy work?" 
"Yeah, Lindsey wanted me to look at the drawings." Lindsey pulled her over to the little corner she was responsible for. 
"Ook, Dackson! Dis a ion and dis a hippo." Lindsey said proudly. 
"Hey that's great, kid. It's going to look cool." 
"Yeah you're a great help, Lindsey." Rosie added. 
Jodi stood and said, "Can you two keep an eye on Linds while I make us some sandwiches for lunch? 
"Sure," replied Rosie. "Okay Lindsey, let's see if we can get Colby to draw a monkey for us." Lindsey ran to get her pencils. "Can you actually do something artistic with those hands or can they just shoot guns?" 
Colby shot Rosie an angry look then walked up and whispered in her ear, "You have no idea what I can do with my hands, and you'll never have the pleasure of finding out." 
Rosie gulped hard and shivered at Colby's deep voice. She quickly shook off the feeling and watched Colby sit and draw with Lindsey. 
Why do you do that to me, Forest! 


Jodi was nearly finished making lunch when the phone rang. 
"Royal residence." 
"Hey, I like the sound of that." 
"Hi honey! How's your day?" 
"Oh busy, you know. I bet you and Linds are having more fun." 
"Yes. I've laughed so much this morning. Rosie is really funny and Lindsey is taking decorating so seriously." 
"I'm glad you're both having fun. Listen, I wanted to talk to you about something. You know we discussed doing one big interview before the wedding?" 
"Yes. Do you have something in mind?" 
"Yeah, I would like it done at my studios, so I can control it. I thought of asking them to do a piece when you're at the show Friday. You know, a kind off behind-the-scenes type of thing, with an interview first. What do you think?" 
"Hmm. I suppose that sounds less scary than going to some other show with people I don't know. I'll still be really nervous though, I won't know what to say." 
"Don't worry, you'll be fine. I'll look after you. I'll set it up, then?" 
"Sure, if you think that's best." Inwardly Jodi was terrified at the thought of talking to a camera. 
"Okay, baby, I'll set it up. I better go, I won't be late tonight. I love you and tell Linds I love her." 
"I will. We love you, too. Take care, honey. Bye." 
"See you later." 
Oh Bryce. I hope I don't disappoint you! 


The day of the interview arrived and Jodi had been a nervous wreck all day and was currently pacing up and down Bryce's dressing room. 
"Baby, you look sick with nerves. I'm sorry we have to do this because of me." They had come into the studio earlier than usual to do the interview and were waiting for the TV crew to get there. Lindsey was totally absorbed in playing her Nintendo 3DS in front of the TV, and Colby was off doing a security sweep with Pauley around the studio. 
Jodi stopped pacing and turned to look at Bryce. "I'm sorry, honey. I don't want you to ever feel bad. We agreed that this was the best way to handle the public interest in us." 
"Come sit here, Jodi." Bryce patted her lap. 
Jodi sat and cuddled into Bryce's strong neck. "I just don't want to let you down." 
"You never could. Just remember, follow my lead and if you're unsure about anything or don't want to answer a certain question, just tell me and we'll stop. It'll be edited afterwards, anyway." 
"Okay I will, and you're sure they won't ask Lindsey anything? I don't think that would be appropriate." 
"That was my first stipulation, don't worry. They can only take shots of her playing while we talk and when they follow you while I'm doing the show,, but that's all." 
"Mom? You elp me? Me can't get by dis bad monster." Lindsey padded over with her Nintendo in hand. 
"Sure Smurflet, up you come." Jodi moved onto the couch and Lindsey took her place. 
"What have we got here? Woah, that's a big monster!" 
"Get him, Mom! Kill him dead!" Lindsey bounced up and down on her lap. 
"What kind of games are you buying your daughter, TV star?" Jodi asked wryly. 
"Hey, they're just kid games. Nothing wrong with killing monsters." 
Jodi watched Bryce's fingers whizz over the, buttons, while Lindsey looked on engrossed. Jodi's heart melted. They are so alike. I'm so glad I found you, Bryce. 
"You killed him dead! Yeah! Tanks, Mom." Lindsey jumped off her lap and toddled back to her space in front of the TV. 
"She seems happy." 
"She's happy since she met her Mom." Jodi told her partner. 
Bryce smiled. "So did you have a good time shopping today for Lindsey's new clothes?" 
Jodi had taken Lindsey to Greenfield School for her entrance test on Wednesday and she had passed with flying colors, so she had asked Rosie if she would like to go shopping with her to buy Lindsey new clothes and school supplies. 
"It was fun. It was really good going with someone who enjoys shopping as much as I do. I think she's going to be a good friend." Bryce saw a strange look cross Jodi's face. She gently stroked her fiance's face. 
"What is it?" 
"Well I was just thinking how nice it was to get Lindsey exactly what she needed, and really nice things at that, without worrying or sacrificing something else. Lindsey missed out on a lot before we found you and I just want you to know that we appreciate what you provide for us." 
Bryce's chest puffed out a little at the compliment. "Thank you, baby,, but that's my job. Don't feel sad about the past, you did a great job bringing up Lindsey on your own. She's a happy, bright kid and she loves you. I'm just glad I can take care of you both now." 
Bryce kissed Jodi lightly then, as her kiss was getting deeper, Kris knocked and came in. 
"Sorry to interrupt you both, but Mattie Edwards and her crew are set up in the conference room." 
Bryce turned to Jodi and said, "You ready for your first trial by television?" 
Jodi gulped. "As I'll ever be!" 
"Let's go then. The camera is going to love you. Just like me!" 
Chapter 9

Colby led the way to the conference room where Bryce and Jodi were meeting Mattie Edwards of The Today Show. Bryce held Lindsey protectively in her arms as they walked into the meeting room. The conference room had been reorganised to accommodate the outside TV crew and to give an appropriate background for the interview. A couch had been placed at one end of the room, and the camera equipment was set up directly in front of it. Mattie Edwards walked forward to introduce herself. 
"Hi, I'm Mattie, pleased to meet you Bryce." Mattie Edwards was a petite and beautiful African American woman who was gaining a good reputation in TV news. 
Bryce immediately went into professional mode. "Good to meet you, Mattie, this is my fianc e , Jodi Bishop." 
"Pleased to meet you, Jodi." 
"You too," Jodi said nervously. 
"And this is our daughter, Lindsey." Lindsey had her head buried in Bryce's neck. 
"Hi Lindsey! Aren't you just a cutie pie?" 
"Say hello to Mattie, Linds. She's shy with new people," Bryce explained. 
"Ello," Lindsey whispered. 
"Why don't I go and get her set up with her toys on the floor and then we can get started," Bryce said and moved off with Lindsey. 
"So Jodi. Are you okay with this? You look a little nervous." 
"Yes I'm okay with it,, but I'm nervous. This is all very new to me, and to be honest I think it's strange that anyone would find watching me interesting. Bryce I can understand,, but..." 
"Oh, but there's a great deal of interest in you, Jodi. You are living the fairytale. Every woman has a fantasy of being whisked off their feet by their knight in shining armor. Like Richard Gere in An Officer and a Gentleman . Throw in a rich and famous TV star and your daughter being a Royal then believe me, you're very interesting to the viewing public. 
Listen, just relax. I'm not here to trick you into saying something or to get gossip. I just want to film a nice light-hearted look into your family life." 
Jodi felt she could trust this woman and began to relax. "Thanks for saying that, Mattie. I feel better." 
"Shall we get started then?" 
Jodi nodded and led Mattie over to the interview area. 


Two weeks later, a lone figure sat glued to a special report on The Today Show. 
' I'm Mattie Edwards and one week ago I met with TV personality Bryce Royal on the set of The Bryce Royal Show. I was granted backstage access to the taping of an episode, with Bryce's fiancé Jodi Bishop and their daughter Lindsey watching on. I also got a chance to talk to Bryce and Jodi about their whirlwind romance, their upcoming wedding and being parents in this exclusive interview...' 

The camera followed Mattie as she walked down a corridor into the makeup room to find Bryce getting her pre-show makeup done. Lindsey was in the next chair getting a spider drawn on her face. The pair were giggling and laughing with the makeup girls while Jodi sat on the sofa behind them, beaming at her family. 
The shot then cut to the formal interview. Bryce and Jodi sat close, holding hands; Lindsey sat at their feet playing with her toys. 

'Bryce, Jodi, thank you for agreeing to this interview. The public has been fascinated by your story over the last few months and they ' re eager to hear the true story of how you found each other. Bryce I know you're a big twitter fan, and after we've had a chat I'd like to ask you both some questions your fans have tweeted in to the show.' 

'We'd be happy to Mattie' replied Bryce. 
Jodi gripped Bryce's hand tight. 

'Bryce if I can turn to you first. You're known for your dangerous death defying stunts. Is becoming a parent and getting married the scariest thing you've done yet?' 

Bryce laughed, looked lovingly at Jodi and said. 'No. Not scary. Daunting maybe,, but scary? No way. I think getting married will be the best thing I've ever done.' 
Bryce lifted their clasped hands and kissed the back of Jodi's knuckles. 

The camera caught Mattie smiling warmly at the gesture. 

'So, there's a lot of myth and rumor about how you two met. Can you tell us how it really happened?' 

'Well I had just finished a show and decided to walk home instead of taking a cab. I needed to clear my head a bit. I passed Jodi's diner and, since it was starting to rain, I thought I'd go in and get a cup of coffee. I sat down at the counter and then Jodi turned around to serve me, I looked into her eyes and I was a goner.' 

Bryce looked at Jodi with a big goofy look on her face. 

'And Jodi, what did you think when you saw this huge TV star in your diner?' 

Jodi cleared her throat nervously. 'We'll that's the funny thing. I seemed to be the only person in the western world who didn't know who Bryce Royal was. So I saw this tall extremely good looking woman sitting there with sunglasses on.' 

'I usually wear sunglasses and a hat just so I don't draw attention to myself.' Bryce interjected. 

Jodi laughed softly. 'I just thought she was either extremely arrogant or some criminal!, but then she took them off and well... I was a goner too.' 

'That's very romantic. You say you didn't know who Bryce was Jodi?' 

'That ' s right. I worked all the time and the only TV I ever got to see was kids ' shows.' 

'What did you think when she told you about herself?' 

'I couldn't believe it. I mean, I'll tell you a secret, Bryce away from all this is shy and quite reserved. I couldn't imagine this person I had met could be on television.' 

The figure watching the TV shook with anger, their knuckles growing white as they gripped the arms of the chair. 

"Look at her! She's been seduced. My beautiful Jodi. You've been tainted, but I'll rescue you, don't worry. You'll soon forget that dirty abomination ever touched your perfect body!" 

On the TV, the interview continued. After talking and taking viewers questions, the cameras then followed Lindsey and Jodi as they watched Bryce perform. 

"I love you Jodi," the figure said to the screen. 



Bryce and Jodi were cuddled up in bed watching the interview as it aired. It was Bryce's day off and they were spending the morning in bed. 
"Well, it seemed to go well. Let's see what people thought of it." Bryce reached over Jodi and grabbed her phone from the bedside table. 
"How are you going to do that with a phone, goofy?" Jodi asked. 
"My twitter buddies will tell me." 
Jodi cuddled into Bryce's side while her partner opened up the twitter app. 
"Wow! Look at that! We ' re trending." 
"Trending? What does that mean?" 
"Really? I need to get Lindsey to teach you about this sort of thing." 
Jodi play slapped her partner. "Okay goofy. Behave! What does it mean?" 
Bryce put the phone down, rolled on top of her fianc e and kissed her nose. 
"It means people all over the world are talking about us, about the show. It's good." Bryce's hand started to wander, stroking down Jodi's thigh and squeezing her bottom. 
"Your daughter will be running in here any minute, TV star." 
Bryce began kissing Jodi's neck and then whispered in her ear, "I bet she won't be up for a while, she was up late watching a movie last night. Besides, I locked the door." 
Jodi gasped as she felt her nipple harden under Bryce's big hand. 
"Ugh! Honey, we have so much to do today. Theo and Zach are coming over to work out with you, and Colby and I are going with Rosie to meet the wedding planner later. Oh god that feels good!" 
"You feel good, baby girl. I woke up wanting you and I have to have you. I can give it to you fast and hard." 
"Oh... you know I can't resist when you say things like that." Bryce lifted Jodi ' s cream satin chemise and pulled it off. 
"You shouldn't wear these silky things to bed. They make me so hot!" Jodi helped Bryce pull off her own clothes until they were both naked. 
"Well you're the one that buys them for me..." Jodi was silenced by Bryce's hard kiss, her tongue probing, tasting the sweetness that was Jodi. 
"I love you so much!" Bryce reached down and parted her fianc e 's slick wet folds. 
"Honey, take me! Fast and hard like you promised." 
Without another word, Bryce opened herself up and mounted Jodi's thigh, then without warning thrust two fingers deep inside Jodi. 
"Oh god you're so deep, I want more Bryce. I want to feel you in every part of me." 
"Jesus! You feel so fucking good," said Bryce as she added a third finger into Jodi and thrust faster against her thigh. 
"I can never get enough of you, baby girl. I need you all the time." 
"Yes Bryce!" True to her word Bryce gave Jodi fast and hard, she could feel Jodi frantically claw at her back as a deep orgasm threatened to overwhelm her. 
"Ah! Bryce! Bryce! It's going to be too much!" 
"Let go baby. I'm here." And she did. Bryce swallowed Jodi ' s screams in a kiss, trying to keep the noise down. 
Jodi lay gasping for breath at the power of her orgasm. She opened her eyes in time to see Bryce throw her head back and grunt out her release as she thrust herself onto Jodi's thigh. 
As she always did, Jodi threw her arms around Bryce's neck and held her while she cooed and whispered words of love into her partner's ear. After making love, Bryce was at her most vulnerable and Jodi knew she needed the reassurance of Jodi's love until she came back to earth. 
"I love you so much it hurts," whispered Bryce. 
"That was amazing, honey. I wanted you everywhere, so deep." 
"You are amazing, Jodi." 
"What brought that on?" 
Bryce tenderly removed her fingers from Jodi and lay down, pulling her fianc e into her arms. 
"It was watching you talk about us. I could see the love pouring from you as you talked. I'm so, so lucky to have you two. I can't wait till we're married." 
"Were lucky to have you, honey. I can't wait till I'm your wife. ' Mrs. Jodi Royal ' has a great ring to it." 
"Yes it does." 
Jodi quickly sat up. "I can hear Lindsey moving around in her room." She pulled on her chemise and robe. 
"I'll distract her while you get washed up. Theo, Zach and Colby will be here in the next hour. 
"Okay, thank you baby. Tell the Smurflet I'll see her in a minute." 
With one final kiss Jodi headed off to get Lindsey. She smiled walking down the hall as she heard Bryce whistling her way into the bathroom. 
She's happy. I hope it can always be like this, Jodi silently prayed. 



Later that morning after Theo and Zach had left, Colby decided to follow up on the information she had on Drew Simpson. She called a couple of his previous employers to find out why he'd been let go. She was just hanging up the phone when Bryce walked in. 
"Hey, you look serious. What's up?" 
Colby let out a long breath. "Remember I got my contacts at the FBI to dig up all they could on Drew Simpson and Danielle?" 
Bryce nodded. "Well I've been going over it. I was sure there must be some small detail we had missed." 
Bryce came and sat on the edge of the desk. "And was there?" 
"Yes and no. Nothing big. I just noticed a pattern in his employment history. Within four to six months of starting a new job, he's getting fired." 
"So he's a terrible employee. How does that help us?" 
"It's the reason why he's being fired that tells us something. Each manager told me there started to be incidents with female members of staff. He would fixate on one woman, at first just being annoying and displaying all the signs of a crush, then the women would start to report he was harassing them. Inappropriate touching, taking an over-interest in the female employee's personal life, and reports of him following them home. He sounds like he has problem with women and appropriate boundaries." 

"That sounds like exactly the type of guy we ' re looking for. What do we do next?" 
"There's nothing we can do unless he does anything and we can prove it." 
Bryce stood and slammed her fist down on the desk angrily. 
"Why do people keep saying that to me? Let's go over and see him. Just you and me, we'll have a quiet word." 
"Bryce, it won't be a quiet word if we go over there. You'll do something you'll regret and the press will be all over you." 
Colby stood and walked over to Bryce, placing a hand on her shoulder. "Even if it is him, he can't get to her. Our security is too tight. Theo and Zach said this morning they ' re going to get patrol cars to do drive-bys during the day. You or I are always with her and now that Jodi knows everything, she's not going to take any chances." 
"I guess you're right." Bryce sighed. "I'll just go and see Jodi before you guys go out." 
"Sure. Don't worry, okay?" 
Colby followed Bryce out of the office into the hall and saw Rosie struggle to move a heavy toy chest into Lindsey's newly decorated room. The room had been finished the previous night and now all that had to be done was to dress the room. 
Colby moved to Rosie quickly and pushed her gently out of the way. "Let me get that for you." Colby having a much bigger and stronger frame, picked up the toy box easily and carried it into Lindsey's bedroom without a problem. 
Rosie came stomping behind her and said furiously, "If I wanted your help I'd ask for it. What gives you the right to take over something I'm doing? I'm not a weakling; I'm a woman just like you, or have you forgotten that you are one?" 
Colby saw red and came face to face with her. "Oh excuse me! I know we're both women, but I think even a child Lindsey's age could recognise that I'm bigger and stronger than you!" 
As Colby said those words, both women felt a heat pass between them. They were both breathless and angry, their faces getting closer and closer until... Lindsey came running in looking for her toy box. 
The sudden rush of sexual arousal was unmistakable. Colby had to get out of there. 
"Don't worry. I'll never help you again." Colby headed out of the room and when she found herself in the kitchen, she grabbed onto counter. 
Fuck. I almost kissed her! What is wrong with me? She is everything I can't stand about being a lesbian. God! Why is my body reacting like this? 

In the other room Rosie was having similar problems. 
Oh my God! I almost kissed her! Rosie knew there was no mistaking the clenching low in her stomach. 

She's exactly the sort of lesbian I hate. I like a woman to look like a woman!' Rosie tried to convince herself, but Colby ' s words said kept replaying over and over in her head, making her heart pound. 'I'm bigger and stronger than you.' 
"I'm just overtired. That's what it is," Rosie told herself. She took a deep breath and pushed the attraction that her body was feeling down. Out of sight, out of mind. Or so Rosie thought. 



Jodi was in the bedroom, standing at the windowsill, where she had set up a mirror and her makeup. She was getting ready to go out when Bryce came in. 
"When Rosie decorates this room, I need to get a vanity. It's hopeless trying to put on makeup in here. 
Jodi felt Bryce come over and put her strong arms around her waist. Bryce rested her chin on Jodi's shoulder and met her fianc e's gaze in the mirror. 
"Is there something wrong, honey?" 
"Just frustrated. Colby did some research into Drew Simpson." 
Jodi turned in Bryce's arms. "What did she find?" 
"He has a history of getting fired because of complaints from female co-workers. He would fixate on a woman and bother her, harass her, even following her home. It seems to fit." 
Jodi shivered. "It does sound like it, I guess." 
"You don't think so?" 
"Well he was sleazy, but I don't think he had the intelligence to plan this sort of thing. I could be wrong." 
Bryce thought, Maybe this could be the perfect excuse to suss Danielle out. 
"Um, maybe we should talk to Danielle about it. Get her opinion?" 
Jodi froze and her heart started to beat fast. Even though it appeared from what Theo and Zach said that Danielle had gotten help with her problems and had settled down, the thought of seeing her face to face scared Jodi. 
"No! No! I couldn't do that. I don't want to see her, Bryce!" 
Bryce pulled Jodi quickly into a tight hug and stroked the back of her head. 
"Sh, baby. It's okay. I meant Colby and me. I would never want you ever to see Danielle. Ever!" 
"I know it was a long time ago and she's sorted herself out,, but just the thought of seeing her makes me panicky." 
Bryce lifted Jodi's face in her hands. "Forget I said anything. I shouldn't have brought it up when you're going for a nice day out. I was just frustrated because Colby said we would have to wait to see if Simpson made a move. 
Trying to lighten the mood Bryce said, "Tell me what you're going to do today? You look beautiful, by the way. I love you in skirts!" 
Jodi wore a black Armani pencil skirt with a cream silk blouse. Over time Jodi was building up an excellent wardrobe, which suited Bryce's way of life. 
"I know. That's why I buy so many!" 
Sitting on the bed, Bryce patted her lap as she usually did to get Jodi to sit. 
"So what are you two doing?" 
"Well we're meeting Justin, the wedding planner, and going to look at dresses." Bryce was delighted at the huge smile of Jodi's face. 
"Cool! Do I get to see?" 
"Not a chance, TV star. I want you to be surprised when I walk down the aisle." 
"Hmm. I can't wait." Bryce pulled Jodi forward for a kiss, lightly grasping her chin. 
"So what are you and Lindsey going to be up to today?" 
As Bryce was about to answer Lindsey came in with the toy toolbox Bryce had gotten her. 
"You comin, Mom?" 
"In a minute, Smurf. Linds and I are going to build a bookcase and a desk for her room. She's got her tools and I've got mine." Bryce gave her fianc e a cocky smile. 
Jodi's breath hitched at the image in her head. "... Do you have a tool belt?" 
Bryce looked at Jodi like she crazy. "Of course. I love tools, remember?" 
Jodi gulped. "Linds can you go and ask Rosie if she's ready to go for me?" 
"Yeah Mama." 
When she was out of the room, Jodi kissed Bryce deeply and passionately. 
"Hmm. You're so incredibly, gorgeously, deliciously, butch!" 
The kiss left Bryce breathless. 
"Tool belt? That does it for you?" she asked in a husky voice. 
"Oh yeah. I want to book an appointment with you when we have some alone time. Hmm, your worn-looking low-hanging jeans, tight t-shirt, tool belt," Jodi squeezed Bryce's crotch. 
"... and your new little buddy." 
Bryce growled. "Oh God yes!" 
Jodi quickly stood up and said, "I better get going or I'll be late for my appointment." 
"Tease!" 
"Me? Never," Jodi said, feigning innocence. 
Bryce stood and took her fianc e in her arms. "Me and my tools plan on collecting on your promises." 
"I'm counting on it, goofy!" 
Lindsey ran into the room and said. "Mama? Wosie weady." 
Bryce scooped her daughter up in her arms. 
"Give me a kiss, sweetie. You and your Mom behave, okay?" 
"Yeah Mama." 
Jodi put on her jacket, grabbed her purse and went out to meet Rosie and Colby at the front door. Rosie and Colby were trying their best to ignore each other. "I left your lunch in the fridge, okay?" 
"Yes mama Smurf, now get going and have a lovely time." 
"I will." 
After giving each of them kisses, Jodi, Rosie and Colby made their way out the door. 
"Stick close to Colby, baby." Bryce shouted after her. 
Bryce shut the door and said, "You ready to have fun, Smurf?" 
"Yeah! C'mon Mom, me want to ammer!" 


After meeting with Justin and the dress designers, Jodi and Rosie were enjoying a quiet lunch in a small restaurant that Colby had selected. After much negotiation, Colby sat at a separate table near the back of the room. Jodi had wanted them all to sit together, but Colby insisted that she must have a clear view of the room. 
"You definitely made the right choice Jodi, that dress is gorgeous," said Rosie. 
"I completely agree; it ' s perfect. I'm so glad you came with me, I would have been lost without someone to bounce ideas off of." 
Rosie smiled. "No problem. I'm always happy to shop, and I don't often get to do it in designer stores." 
"I'm still getting used to it. It's amazing really. I never would have imagined that my life could change so dramatically and so quickly. The magazines have called our story a fairytale, and that's what it is to me. Things like this don't usually happen to people like me. Getting the love of my life and creating a family for Lindsey. I mean, me, the wife of Bryce Royal? It's incredible." 
"Not to anyone who sees you two together. Bryce looks at you like she'd walk to the moon just to see you smile." 
Jodi blushed. "Bryce is wonderful and unique. I've never felt so loved or experienced the unshakable security that she gives me." Jodi watched Rosie stare off into the distance, a look of sadness on her face. 
"What about you, Rosie. Are seeing anyone special?" 
Rosie laughed with no hint of humour in her tone. "No. I date,, but no one special. I guess I'm waiting for the passionate, can't keep your hands off each other kind of love that you have." She looked down and swirled the drink in her glass, thinking of the way Colby made her head swirl and her heart pound. "Maybe not everyone deserves it." 
Jodi took her hand and smiled. "You deserve it, and I'm quite sure the woman for you is out there. Just be open to it when it comes along." 
It had not gone unnoticed by Jodi that, as well as being constantly on the lookout for danger, Colby's eyes had flitted back and forth over Rosie. 
Interesting, thought Jodi. 
Rosie checked her cell phone and started laughing. 
"What? What's funny?" asked Jodi. 
Rosie handed over her phone. "Look at twitter. Bryce posted a picture of herself in her tool belt, holding her drill like a gun! Lesbians all over the world will be swooning." 
Jodi laughed. "She is such a goof, isn't she? So, are you working tonight?" 
"Not officially,, but I am going into the bar. I do volunteer work with a breast cancer charity and I'm organising a charity night at the bar to raise money." 
Jodi sat forward in her seat, very interested. "Really? How did you get involved with that?" 
Rosie hesitated and then said, "Um... my mom died of breast cancer when I was 14. It's just been dad and me since then. We've both had a lot of help from them over the years, and I like to give something back." 
"That's a wonderful thing to do Rosie. Is there anyway Bryce and I could do something to help?" 
"Any help would be wonderful. If you and Bryce came to the charity night, it would sell more tickets, bring in more money." 
"Let me talk to Bryce. I think we can come up with something better than that." 
Rosie smiled warmly, "Thank you. That would be great." 
"Shall we head back?" Rosie nodded and Jodi signalled to Colby, who came over quickly and took the shopping bags for them. 
"I just need to finalize my plan to start your bedroom tomorrow and then I'll head down to the bar." 
"Okay, I'll talk to Bryce about your charity night later, what's the bar called again?" 
"O'Reilly's." Colby looked suspiciously. What has she got Jodi to agree to? 
"Let's get home and see if Bryce still has all her fingers, Colby!" 
Rosie and Jodi laughed as Colby led the way to the car. 



"Mama! Ook what we built!" Lindsey and Bryce stood proudly beside a cute little drawing desk and wardrobe. 
"Wow! Great job, sweetie! Were you a big help to your Mom?" 
Bryce walked over and kissed her fianc e . "She was brilliant. Couldn't have done it without her." Lindsey's face beamed with pride. 
Jodi picked up her daughter and gave her a kiss. "Did you follow all the instructions?" 
"Instructions? Nah! Instructions are for wimps! Aren't they, Smurf?" 
"Yeah, imps." 
Jodi shook her head and laughed. 

Colby saw that Jodi was safely with Bryce and decided to join Rosie in the master bedroom, where she was preparing her plans to start decorating the next day. 
Rosie looked over her shoulder when she heard someone enter the room. 
"Something I can't help you with?" 
"When you first started working here, I warned you not to take Jodi's kindness for granted." 
Rosie turned and sighed. "And what, in your estimation, have I done to take that kindness for granted?" 
"Whispering in Jodi's ear, trying to get her to influence Bryce into helping your little charity night. What is it? Save the whale or the save the beaver? Some shit like that? That's usually what your kind is into." 
Rosie felt the fury boil up inside her. 
"My kind? And what kind is that?" 
"The animal loving, protesting, vegetarian, crystal loving, lesbian, let's get in touch with mother earth and our womanhood kind!" 
Rosie was struggling to hold her tears back. 
"And your sort of lesbian is better? Aping everything masculine and upholding the male dominated society we live in! Your way of being gay should be consigned to history. Now if you'll excuse me, I'm going home, and you can keep your opinions to yourself in the future." 
Rosie hurried out of the room, holding back her tears. She quickly popped her head around the door to Lindsey's room and said. "I'm just going to head out now, okay guys?" 
Jodi sensed something was wrong. "Oh? Do you have to rush? I was going to make dinner for us all?" 
"That's really kind, but I've got a lot to get ready for tonight." 
"Okay. I'll see you out." 
"Please don't bother. I'll see you all tomorrow, alright?" 
Strange. They must be bickering again, thought Jodi. 
"Bye Rosie. Thanks for going with my girl today." Shouted Bryce. 
"No problem. Bye then." 
"Bye Wosie. Tank you for my woom." 
"You're welcome, Lindsey." 
"Honey, check and see if Colby's okay." 
Bryce looked puzzled, "Why would anything be wrong with Colby?" 
"Because Rosie looked upset." 
"Why... I don't... sorry baby, I don't understand." 
Jodi sighed indulgently and kissed Bryce tenderly. "No, you wouldn't my goofy TV star. Just trust me and go." 
"I'm going, I'm going!" 


A short time later Jodi came into the office where Bryce and Colby had been talking. 
"Honey, dinner ' s ready." Jodi turned to Colby who was packing up her case. 
"Colby would you like to stay? There's plenty?" 
"Uh... no, I'll just head home thanks. I've got a couple of things to take care of." 
"Oh, okay. Oh Bryce? Before I forget, I was talking to Rosie today about some volunteer work she does for a breast cancer charity. Her mother died when she was a teenager and they really helped Rosie and her Dad out a lot. She's having a fundraising night at the bar she works in. I said I would talk to you about doing something to help out? I'm sure you could attract people to buy tickets by doing something?" 
Bryce nodded. "Sure, I'd love to help. Let me think on it and I'll come up with something, okay?" 
"Thanks honey." Jodi looked over at Colby, who was just staring ahead looking as white as a sheet. 
"Are you okay, Colby?" 
Oh my God! The things I said to her. Fuck! Her Mother died! I've got to apologize. 
"Colby!" Bryce asked a little louder. 
"Wh... what... sorry?" 
"You alright?" 
"Yeah listen, I'm going to go. See you tomorrow." Colby rushed out of the apartment quickly. 
Jodi and Bryce just looked at each other. "What was all that about?" 
"I don't know," replied Bryce. "She was fine earlier." 
"Did you talk like I asked you?" 
"Yeah." 
Jodi sighed in frustration. 
"Well what did she say then?" 
"I said, 'Is everything okay?' she said 'Yeah.' I said 'Cool.' Then we started talking about the Knicks. I said I could get courtside tickets if she wants to go with me." 
Jodi threw her arms up in the air. "Unbelievable!" Jodi turned on her heel and marched back to the kitchen, shaking her head as she went. 
Bryce was a bit dismayed and shouted, "What?" 



Later that night, Jodi and Bryce lay together in bed, Jodi with her head on Bryce's shoulder, her leg thrown across her fianc e 's thighs. 
"Hmm. I love this time of day." 
"Bedtime?" 
"Yes. Lying here all snuggled up, in the dark, relaxed until we fall asleep, safe and warm." 
Bryce smiled in the darkness and kissed Jodi's head. 
"Yeah, you ' re right. Before you and Linds moved in, I hated the night, the silence. I used to just sit up in bed and mess around with my iPad until I fell asleep." 
"Poor goofy. I wasn't much better. I felt nervous all the time, especially at night. Noises, bumps in the night. I was always afraid I wouldn't be able to protect Lindsey." 
Bryce pulled her in a little tighter. "Well now you don't have to worry about that." 
Jodi smiled and nuzzled into her partners neck. "No I don't. I've got my very own six foot one, muscle bound, scary fianc e to protect us!" 
"Grrr! Yes you do. So... you're not going to tell me anything about your dress?" 
"Nuh uh. You are going to be surprised." 
Bryce let out a frustrated breath. "Will you at least let my suit designer see it? So we don't clash or anything?" 
"Already done. Justin took care of that." 
"Hmm. He would." Bryce grumbled. 
"Hey don't grumble honey. I love you." 
"Well, I don't get to know anything. And me and my tool belt never got to play with you, like you promised." 
"Aww! Poor goofy! You were too busy playing with your daughter. I promise you can get your tool belt out soon. Just think, when we move into the new house you'll be walking around with it on all the time, fixing things, buildings things, catching me unawares in the pool house." 
Bryce's fingers drifted under Jodi's nightgown. "Mmm. That's what I'm talking about." 
Before Bryce's gentle seduction got anywhere, Jodi said, "I hope Rosie and Colby are okay." 
Bryce sighed. "Why wouldn't they be?" 
"They both looked upset earlier. I think Colby likes Rosie." 
Bryce turned to look at Jodi, "What? I thought they hated each other?" 
"I think there's more to it. As much as Colby protests about Rosie, her eyes follow her wherever she goes and she seems genuinely hurt when Rosie rebuffs any olive branch Colby offers. I think Colby's a sensitive soul really, quite sweet underneath it all." 
"Sweet? You're kidding me right? This is the same Colby Forest special forces officer, who's trained to kill on command?" 
"That's just on the surface, though. There's more underneath all that." 
"You wouldn't say that if you saw her trying to throw me onto the mat when we spar." 
"But you're getting quite friendly with her, you two must talk as well as train?" 
"Yup. We do." 
"Well?" 
Bryce looked at her strangely. "Well what?" 
"Argh! What do you talk about?" 
"Oh! Uh? Your security, obviously, training, sports... um..." Bryce appeared to be thinking hard. 
"She said she'd take me down to the gun club and teach me how to shoot!" 
"I give up! I'm going to sleep." 
"What'd I say? Baby? What did I do?" 
"Nothing honey, just being your goofy self. Go to sleep," Jodi mumbled. 
None the wiser, Bryce shut her eyes. What are we supposed to talk about? 


Colby walked home that evening, hoping the night air would make her feel better. The guilt over what she had said to Rosie was weighing heavy. She found herself walking towards O'Reilly's Bar. 
Maybe if I could see her and say sorry. Colby walked through the doors and found a quiet corner where she could look out for Rosie. As she scanned the room she noticed some appreciative glances towards her. Colby was a woman very confident in her ability to find a companion for the night, but that sort of entertainment held no attraction for her now. Then Colby saw her. Out on the dance floor with an androgynous looking woman. 
I knew that would be the kind she would go for. The sort that would love to be, butch, dress and live like me, but doesn't have the balls. 
Colby's stomach twisted as she watched the androgynous character pull Rosie close and whisper in her ear. 
A waitress approached Colby's table. 
"Hey honey? Can I get you something?" 
Colby stood. "No thanks. There's nothing for me here." 
The waitress looked confused as Colby left without looking back. 



As soon as Rosie arrived at work the next day, Colby sought her out. She had been feeling guilty about what she had said all night. 
Colby found her in Jodi and Bryce's bedroom, drawing out some plans. When Rosie saw who had entered the room, she turned back to her sketch pad. 
Colby walked up to her sheepishly, and cleared her throat. "Um... Rosie, could I have a word?" 
"If you must," she said coldly. 
"Um... listen, I wanted to apologize for what I said yesterday. I had no idea what kind of charity it was or why you were involved with it. I jumped to conclusions, and I was wrong. I'm really sorry if I hurt you." 
Rosie sighed and stood facing Colby. "You jumped to conclusions because you're determined to dislike me,, but that's fine. You don't like me; I don't like you. We have no need to be friends, we simply work in the same place at the moment, so let's just try to avoid each other as much as possible and if we are forced to speak, then we can at least be civil." 
Rosie heard Jodi call her name from the other room. As she left Colby standing there, she said, "Oh and as for hurting me? You don't have to worry. In order to feel hurt you have to care about the person, and believe me Colby Forest, I will never care about you." 
Colby felt like she had been kicked in the gut. She had no idea why,, but this girl seemed to be able to bulldoze her way through the armor she had built up around her heart. 
Rosie was just about out the door when Colby said, "Rosie? I know what it's like to lose someone in your family. If you ever need to talk... " 
"I don't think so. You are the last person I would ever want to talk to." 
Colby was left alone in the room. 



Rosie had followed Jodi to Bryce's study after the blonde called her. When they entered, Bryce was packing her case, ready for work. 
"Honey, you wanted to see Rosie?" 
Bryce looked up and smiled. "Yes. Sit down. You too baby. Now my girl was telling me that you do a lot of work for a breast cancer charity and you were holding a fundraising evening?" 
"Yes, 'In the Pink.' It's a small charity that helps families cope with the diagnosis, with finding the right medical treatments, money advice and in the end, if need be, they help young children and families with grief counselling. It helped my dad and me a lot." 
"Sounds like a wonderful organization, doesn't it honey?" Jodi added. 
"Sure does. I'd love to help. I've been thinking about what I can do to raise money and raise the profile of the charity. As for raising money, I could compete in a pool tournament during the fundraising evening at the bar. You could charge an entrance fee and I'll put up some really good prizes." 
Rosie looked delighted. "That would be wonderful, Bryce. Thank you. I think every lesbian pool player in New York will want to take part!" 
"I hope that will raise some money, but it'll just be a drop in the bucket. I want to raise some serious money for you. Every season The Bryce Royal Show takes on a charity, we build up publicity from January until we go off the air in April. I encourage the viewers and advertisers to sponsor me on a segment of the show called 'Bryce Cares', it's a charity dare . In previous years, I've done mountain climbs, triathlons, marathons; things like that. We show it in the final episode, it's very popular and we raise a hell of a lot of money. Normally, charities send in their information and I get together with the producers to decide which one to choose. This year, I'd be prepared to take on 'In the Pink'." 

Rosie jumped up, rushed around the desk and flung her arms around Bryce. 
"Oh, thank you so much! You have no idea how much this will help." 
Bryce's face turned red. Her awkward shyness kicking in. She wasn't used to anyone, but Jodi being this close. 
Rosie suddenly realised what she was doing and disentangled herself. "Oh sorry." Rosie turned to Jodi. "Isn't it fantastic?" 
"It sure is! Thank you, honey." 
"Is it all right if I phone one of the organizers and tell them the good news?" 
"Sure. Go ahead." 
Once Rosie had left the room, Jodi came and sat on Bryce's lap and gave her a tender kiss. "You are the sweetest, kindest goofy I've ever met." 
"I'm just glad I can help. Hey the pool tournament will be fun, it'll be like a night out, and we've never been to a gay bar together. Kris could watch Linds for the night." 
"Hmm. That would be great. I love you so much. You've made that young woman very happy, and you said you're not good with women." 
"I'm not. Just you. Now I'm gonna be late for work, I better get going." 
"You ' re right. I better get Lindsey ready for school." 
"Okay remember, make sure Colby drives. If anyone tries anything I want her at the wheel." 
In the intervening weeks Bryce had gotten a second car for Jodi to use, so she could still use her jeep for work. 
"Honey things have been quiet. Maybe whoever it is has gotten fed up." 
"No. It's been too quiet and I don't like it." 
I have the feeling something is coming. I don't know what,, but I'm going to be ready!' thought Bryce. 



The next few weeks remained quiet on the stalker front,, but everything else moved on at a swift pace. Everyone seemed to be busy. With Lindsey happily settled in at preschool, Jodi's days were freed up for wedding planning and decorating. Jodi was gradually putting her stamp on the apartment. Their bedroom had been finished and now she and Rosie had turned their attention onto the family room. Rosie was delighted, it was the most stable work she ' d ever had, she ' d made a friend and she was enjoying helping with the wedding plans. Jodi had also asked her about working on the new house. 
Rosie's relationship with Colby remained the same. There had been no more arguments though, and they were both being very civil. 
Jodi walked into the family room with lunch bagged up for Rosie. 
"Rosie, I made you some lunch to take with you." 
"You didn't have to do that! Thanks." Rosie was finishing up early to go down to hear a guest speaker at Occupy Wall Street. 
"Well you have to eat. Take care, okay?" 
"I will. Thanks for letting me leave early," Rosie said as she packed up her gear. 
"No problem. You've given up so much of your free time to help with the wedding arrangements." 
"Hey, I'm enjoying it. See you tomorrow." 

Jodi saw Rosie off and went to the kitchen to prepare this evenings dinner. About an hour later, Colby wandered into the kitchen, looking as though she was at a loose end. 
"Sit down and I'll make coffee. We've got plenty of time before we pick Lindsey up at preschool." 
They sat and enjoyed coffee and some muffins Jodi had made. 
"You must get bored Colby. I mean, you're used to protecting movie stars and politicians. The high and mighty. I don't exactly lead an exciting life. Trips to the store and school can hardly compare." 
"I like you both and I have come to think of you and Bryce as friends, it matters to me that you ' re safe and we catch this person. It's made a good change of pace to work with a family. It's made me think. I haven't really been round a happy family before." 
"But your sister..." 
"She and I loved each other and would have done anything for each other, but our home life wasn't that good. We moved around a lot with my father being in the army. My mother was more interested in going to the country club or tennis lessons than taking care of us. We were closer to the housekeeper than to our mother." 
Jodi saw Colby lost in her memories, pain etched on her face. The normally stoic soldier seemed unusually open. 
Jodi covered Colby's big hand with her own. "I'm sorry." 
Broken from her memories, Colby said, "Hey, don't be sorry. You, Bryce and Lindsey have shown me what a real family is like. What happiness can be like... where's Rosie?" 
Hmm. I wonder why she thought of Rosie when we were talking about happiness and family. 
"Um, there's a speaker she wanted to hear down at the Wall Street protests." 
Jodi was expecting to hear some sigh or sarcastic comment,, but none came. Colby simply nodded. 
That's new. 
Their quiet companionship was interrupted by the sound of Colby ' s cell phone. 
"Excuse me Jodi. Forest. Yeah? Yes, we are going to pick up my client ' s daughter,, but we don't go near Wall Street." 
Wall Street? What's that about? Colby looks worried. 
The former soldier hung up the phone cursing. "Shit!" 
"What is it?" 
"That was my contact in the FBI. He was giving me a heads-up that there is going to be trouble at the Wall Street protests, in case I was taking my client anywhere near there. He says they've been monitoring an underground anti-capitalist group. The internet chatter says they ' re going to infiltrate the protest and cause unrest. The police have been informed and they've been ordered to go in hard. Anyone caught up in it is going to be in trouble." 
"Oh no! Rosie!" 
"Yes, I know. I can't let that happen to her,, but I can't leave you unprotected." I can't let someone else I care about get hurt! Do I care about Rosie? You know you do. 
"You have to go Colby." Jodi could see that Colby was warring with herself and thought of a solution. 
"How about I call Bryce and see if Pauley can come over? You could go then, right?" 
"Okay. Thanks. I really don't want to leave her out there. She's not as tough as she thinks." 
"I know. Give me five minutes, okay?" Jodi lifted her iPhone and began calling Bryce. 



Bryce sent Pauley over right away and Colby was now making her way down to Times Square in the car. She had heard on the car radio that things were already bad. Rioters were charging police and EMT's had been called for the injured. Colby made her way as far as she could before she was stopped by roadblocks. 
She found a place to park the Jeep and started running towards the crowds. 
Hang on, hippy girl. I'm coming to get you! 



Rosie was scared. All around her was a mass of bodies pushing and pulling her all over the place. It was chaos. It had all started peacefully enough. There were a lot more people here than usual, but she had put that down to the speaker the organizers had scheduled. As the speech was coming to an end, the tension in the crowd rose considerably as vans full of riot police arrived. First a few bottles and rocks were thrown by the crowd, and then the whole event descended into a nightmare. Groups of the crowd were charging the cops and breaking windows with homemade weapons. Even those not wanting to be involved in the violence had no choice, but to be swept along by the crowd. Cops were using batons and shields to try and quell the rioters. People were being trampled underfoot, and it was taking all of Rosie ' s strength to stay on her feet. She let out a scream when the man next to her was hit in the face by a police baton and blood spurted from his injuries onto Rosie. She frantically tried to push herself to safety, but was trapped by the bodies around her. She was becoming frantic as the claustrophobia that she had always suffered with threatened her control. 

Oh God! I'm going to die! 
Suddenly her feet were knocked from under her and she fell to the ground. Rosie instinctively threw her arms over her head in an effort to protect herself from being trampled. 
Just as she was giving up hope, she felt a big hand grab her collar and bodily lift her out from the crowd. 
Her savior lifted Rosie up in her arms; Rosie threw her arms around a strong neck and opened her eyes to see Colby looking down at her. 
They gazed into each other's eyes, saying nothing, until a push from the side knocked them from their moment. Colby used her body to buffet Rosie from the crowd and force her way to safety. 
Rosie nuzzled her face into the crook of Colby's neck, finding a sense of safety and protection in Colby's quiet strength. 
They made it to safety further down the street. Once on the sidewalk, Colby put Rosie down, but the young women didn't let go of Colby. 
Rosie clung to her like a life preserver and so the former soldier pulled Rosie in close. 
Thank God I found you! 
"Colby! Thank you! Thank you so much for saving me!" Rosie was in shock and shaking all over. 
"Shh. Just try and breathe normally, darlin ' ." The endearment slipped out in the emotion of the moment. 
When Colby noticed the blood splattered all over her, she grabbed Rosie's face in her hands. "Where are you hurt?" 
"It... It's not mine. I just got kicked in the face. How did you... ?" 
"I'll tell you everything once I get you somewhere safe. Follow me; I have the car parked further down the road. " 
Rosie was numb and meekly followed Colby, who pulled her along. Once Colby had her safely in the car she said, "My apartment isn't far from here. I'll take you there and get you cleaned and patched up." 
Colby was in command mode, but the usually feisty Rosie was so much in shock she never questioned it. 


Ten minutes later they were at the door of Colby's apartment. 
"Come in and sit down. I'll just get some things to get you cleaned up." 
Colby's apartment was spartan to say the least. She had just the basics of furnishings and no art or pictures on the walls. 
Rosie took a seat on the couch and looked around. Empty. This apartment feels empty. 
She saw a picture frame on a side table and got up to take a closer look. Unbeknownst to her, Colby had come back into the room and was watching her. 
"That's my baby sister." Rosie turned to meet Colby's eyes. 
"She is very beautiful." And she was. A lighter-haired, more petite version of Colby. 
"She was." 
"Was? What happened?" 
"Um... she was killed in Iraq." Why am I telling her this? 
"She was an army medic. Sarah's unit went in to provide healthcare to the people of a small village. The village was targeted by insurgents because they had accepted help from the coalition forces. They came under fire and Sarah was killed trying to protect a little girl. I couldn't get there in time to save her." 
Rosie was shocked. She had protested the war and thought she knew everything about what was wrong there,, but she had never come face to face with the human cost of the war. She felt the need to reach out and soothe the soldier who seemed weighed down by guilt. She grasped Colby's hand. 
"I'm so sorry Colby. I know how painful it is to lose someone so close. You have to know it wasn't your fault?" 
Colby felt the tenderness of Rosie touch and words. Inwardly she wanted to let Rosie's touch take away the pain of the memories. Outwardly, she simply nodded and said, "Sit down so I can get you cleaned up." 
Colby came to sit beside her, carrying a first aid kit and a glass of what looked like scotch. 
"Here drink this. It'll calm you down. I called Jodi when I was in the kitchen to let her know you were okay. She was worried when we heard." 
Rosie covered Colby's hand with her own as the former soldier was getting things from the first aid kit. 
"Wait! Who's watching Jodi and Lindsey? You didn't leave them alone?" 
"No, of course not. Jodi called Bryce and asked her to send over one of the studio security guards. Here, keep your head up." 
Colby dabbed Rosie eye with an alcohol wipe. 
"How did you know there was trouble?" 
"My contact at the FBI called to warn me in case I was anywhere near with a client." Colby continued to dab at Rosie's injury. 
"Why did you come for me?" It was a simple question,, but Colby didn't have a simple answer. 
"I would have done it for anyone." 
"You would have dropped everything, left your client and ploughed through a riot for anybody? You don't even like me." 
Colby hadn't realized that she was stroking Rosie's cheek with her thumb instead of the medicated wipe. Both their faces were inching closer together. 
"I never said I don't like you, hippy girl." 
Hearing the nickname that Colby had called her from the start knocked Rosie out of their passionate stare. 
"Didn't you? Ever since I started working for Jodi and Bryce, you've made it clear you couldn't stand me." 
Feeling the rebuff keenly, Colby resorted to her usual defensive posture. 
"Just because the things you stand for are wrong and un-American doesn't mean I dislike you." 
Rosie pushed away from Colby."Un-American? Listen soldier boy, I'm grateful that you came and rescued me today, but don't pretend we are ever going to like each other. I don't know why you came today, but let's just quit while we're ahead, before we start arguing again. Can you give me a change of clothes? Then I can get out of your hair." 
Colby sighed in resignation. "I'll get you a t-shirt and some jeans; they'll be really big on you though." 
"It's fine. It'll get me home anyway. Can I use your bathroom to wash this blood off?" 
"Sure. It's the first door on the left, down the hall. I'll go get you some clothes." 



Rosie looked at herself in the mirror in Colby's bathroom. She had been shaken at how close she had come to kissing her nemesis again. Why does this keep happening? I hate her. Don't I? She came and rescued me. Why would she do that? Maybe I'm being a bit ungrateful. 
Rosie heard a knock at the bathroom door. "I've got some clothes for you. I'll pass them in to you." 

In a few minutes Rosie was dressed and walking back to the living room. Colby laughed at the sight of Rosie swimming in her clothes. 
"Hey, it's not my fault you're so freaking big, soldier boy! So quit laughing." 
"Oh come on! You look sweet. Like a little girl." 
Rosie shoved Colby to the side on her way to the couch and began putting on her shoes as she retorted, "Do you have anything in your wardrobe that isn't men's clothing?" 
"No. I like men's clothes. It's who I am." 
"Yeah, I know what you are." 
"Oh we're back to the, butch crap." 
"Yeah we are., butches like you make straight people think we secretly wish to be men. Well I'll tell you, that sort of thing belongs in the past. The lesbians I know aren't afraid of our femininity and we don't need a strap-on cock to make love to a woman." 

Colby stood leaning against the wall and laughed. "You think I'm frightened? And you and your little friends and girlfriends at the bar aren't frightened?" 

"What would you know about my friends?" 
Colby pushed off the wall and walked over until she was face to face with Rosie. 
"I came to your bar one night. I saw you dancing with your little girlfriend." 
Girlfriend? Wait she came to O'Reilly's? She must mean Jess. 
Jess was one of her friends and a regular. They had gone on a couple of dates,, but that was all. Rosie didn't have any interest in pursuing the relationship any further, but she had a feeling that Jess did. 
"She's not my girlfriend." Rosie barked back. 
"Well you looked cozy enough to me." 
"What does it matter how cozy I am with anyone. It has nothing to do with you." 
Colby realised that Rosie was right. She wasn't about to reveal how it twisted her guts to see Rosie in someone else's arms. 
"Well I can still tell her type! The type that dreams about living their life the way I do,, but doesn't have the balls to carry it off. You talk about not being scared of your femininity? I'm not afraid of my masculinity. Do you have any idea what it's like to live like me? You stick out whether you want to or not. The straight community signals me out as a lesbian, I can never be in the closet, and certain elements of the gay community like you and your little friends, ridicule people like me because it doesn't sit well with the modern fashion of what it means to be gay, and believe me, that's all it is. Fashion. It used to be fashionable to be, butch and femme, now everyone has to look like girls or like an Androgynous 12 year old boy!" 
"You don't know anything about my friends! And I like a woman to look like a woman; I don't find women who feel the need to dress like men attractive." Rosie moved towards the door to leave. Colby caught her arm and pulled Rosie back into her chest, keeping a firm grip on the young woman, not allowing her to move. 
"I know one thing about you, Rosie." 
The young woman gave up struggling, knowing Colby wouldn't really hurt her. 
"What is that?" she spat. 
Colby spoke into Rosie's ear, smiling when she felt the girl shiver. "You talk a lot about me being, butch. All the time, in fact." Colby stroked her fingers down Rosie's arm. 
"It makes me think that far from hating them, you'd secretly love a big, butch like me to take control of your body." 
Colby kissed Rosie's neck lightly, bringing a moan from the young woman and goose bumps down her arms. 
"Pin you to the bed and fuck you till you scream my name." 
Rosie seemed to be lost in the haze Colby was creating. She moaned and wrapped her arm around the back of Colby's neck, pulling her tighter into her own body. 
What had started out as a game to prove a point to Rosie had turned into something different. 

Colby's heart was hammering in her chest, she couldn't believe she had her hands and lips on this beautiful young woman. Rosie's neck tasted delicious and Colby wanted more. She grazed the young woman's neck with her teeth. 

Rosie was faring no better, the feeling of Colby's mouth on her was indescribable and it was overwhelming her senses. Rosie had never felt a response from her body like this. Colby was like no one she had been with before. She was raw, passionate, animalistic, and totally in control of Rosie's body. 
Colby's hands slid from Rosie's hips up to her breasts and squeezed with two strong hands. 
Rosie's hands covered Colby's, encouraging her to squeeze harder. 
"Oh god yes! Harder Jack..." 
"Yes darlin ' ." And the older woman gave her harder, alternating between squeezing Rosie's breasts, pinching her nipples, kissing, and biting down on her neck. Colby ' s hips naturally started to thrust into Rosie's, buttocks. 
"You want this?" 
"Uh... yes... Oh God, Jack!" 
'Wait! Jack? What the hell am I doing?' Suddenly coming to her senses, Rosie pushed away from the soldier ' s grasp. She turned and shouted, "What the hell are you doing? Don't you ever touch me!" Rosie was shaking from the lust coursing through her veins and the shock of what she was about to do. 
Colby was struggling to come out of her own lustful daze, she stumbled forward towards Rosie. "Wh... what?" 
Rosie backed away from her. "Stay away from me! Why did you do that? We despise each other!" 
What the hell is wrong with her? I know I was just trying to make a point at the start,, but then she encouraged me. She wanted it. She told me! 
"What the hell are talking about? I didn't exactly force you did I? Who was the one pulling my head down onto your neck, and whose hands were encouraging me to squeeze your breasts? And I suppose your nipples hardened under my fingers because you were cold?" 
Rosie had no answers for these questions. At least none that she wanted to share with Colby. 
"You took advantage of me. I was in a weakened state. Injured and in shock. You come riding to my rescue then get me back here and immediately start seducing me." 
"Seducing you? I can't believe this. I leave my job to come and save your ass, and this is the thanks I get? I opened myself up to you, I told you about Sarah. I never talk about her to anyone. I can see now that I made a huge mistake. You know there is something between us. You're just too frightened to admit you want someone like me." 
Rosie grabbed her jacket. "Let's just pretend this never ever happened and go back to ignoring each other." 
She slammed the front door leaving a bewildered Colby wondering how her good deed had gotten her to this point. 
On the other side of the door, Rosie leaned against the wall taking deep breaths. 
What is happening to me? I've waited all my life to meet someone who makes me feel like this. I feel like I want her to devour me,, but I know it'll never be enough. Oh God! The feel of her lips on my neck, I know someone like Colby would be difficult to let go. I need to fight this! 
Chapter 9

"I'll call you at lunch time, baby. Bye!" Bryce yelled as she left the apartment. Normally Bryce left it to the last minute before heading to work, as she hated to leave her family. This morning though, the tension in the Royal household was palpable. Something seemed badly wrong between Rosie and Colby. They always had some sort of tension between them, but this morning if they got within three feet of each other, the bad feeling was virtually sparking off of them. Jodi had promised to have a 'sensitive chat' later, and Bryce gratefully exited the apartment to get an early start at the studio. 
The TV star was walking towards her jeep in the parking lot when she noticed an envelope on the windshield. 
Her heart sank as she lifted the envelope and started to open it. 

Are you ready for the end game Royal? 
It's time to take back what is mine! 

Bryce scrunched up the paper in her hand. "Fuck! I'm going to get you, you bastard!" 
She grabbed her phone and called Kris. "Kris, send Pauley over to my apartment and push back my script meetings till late this afternoon." 
"Is everyone alright, Bryce?" 
"Yeah. Don't worry. I just need to borrow Colby for a bit, so I need Pauley here." 
"Okay I'll send him right over. Just be careful, whatever you're up to." 
Bryce dialled again and got Colby. "I got another message. Pauley's coming over to sit with the girls. We're going to pay our chief suspects a visit." 



It had taken some convincing to persuade Jodi that this was a good idea,, but Bryce had been determined. She was sick of constantly playing catch up. Now was the time to take control. 
"Are you sure we should visit Danielle first?" Colby asked from the passenger seat. 
"Yeah. Everyone is so convinced it can't be her, if that's true she can give us an insight into this Drew guy." 
"Okay. Let's just keep it calm though, okay?" 
Bryce just nodded,, but it didn't convince Colby. 


Back at the apartment things were tense. Lindsey had been kept from going to preschool because of this new threat. Pauley had come over with a few of his studio security team. He posted one with the doorman at the front, one at the door leading from the parking lot, one outside the apartment door, and finally he was standing guard in the apartment. Rosie was sitting in the kitchen with Jodi and Lindsey. 
Jodi, who had long since given up sitting and doing nothing, had emptied the cupboards and was now standing on a stool scrubbing them out. 
Lindsey knew something was wrong and could feel the nerves pouring off her mother. 
"Mama, you okay? When Mom comin' back?" 
Jodi sighed and said a little sharply, "I don't know, Lindsey. I don't seem to have any say in what your Mom does." 
Lindsey looked up at Rosie worriedly. "Hey Linds, why don't I put on a DVD for you in the living room, okay?" 
When Rosie returned, she found Jodi fanatically scrubbing. The kitchen was upside down, with food and dishes from the cupboards strewn around the kitchen. 
"Jodi? I got Lindsey settled. Are you okay?" 
The blonde climbed down from the stool and collapsed onto the kitchen chair, sobbing. 
"Oh Jodi, come here!" Rosie pulled her chair up next to Jodi and pulled the blonde into a hug. 
"It'll be alright, Em. Bryce and Colby will sort this out and be back before you know it." 
"I don't know what's happening to me. I'm even being horrible to my daughter." 
"You're not being horrible. She just doesn't understand what's happening." 
"I don't think I do either," Jodi said sadly. 
Rosie grabbed the box of tissues and handed one to her friend. 
"Why the cleaning though?" 
Jodi sniffed and tried to wipe away her tears. "Oh, it's what I do when I'm stressed or worried. Clean everything, whether it needs it or not." 
"I can understand, well not the cleaning. I lock myself in my apartment and draw and paint. I can lose myself in it." 
Jodi was starting to calm a little. "Every time I start to relax and enjoy just being a family, this whoever they are does something and the fear and the worry comes right back. It's always hanging over our heads." 
"It must have been difficult, and in a new relationship and all." 
"It has been. I can sense Bryce worrying about it, even when she says she's not. It weighs heavy on her. I mean imagine meeting your future wife and discovering you have a daughter all in a matter of months, and on top of that there's someone constantly trying to take that away from you." 
"Must be hard on her." 
Jodi sighed, "It is, and she seems to fixate all her anger and worry and jealousy onto Danielle." 
"Well from what you've told me about how Danielle treated you, I'm not surprised." 
"Yes I know,, but it's the past. Danielle's the past and is no threat to Bryce,, but she just can't see that and she's mixing up the stalker threat with Danielle." 
"Well..." Rosie hesitated. "No, it's none of my business really." 
"What we're going to say? You're my friend; please tell me what you think." 
"I can understand why she's super sensitive about Danielle. Apart from the normal anger you would feel hearing about a partner's bad treatment by an ex, you were having her kid when you were with Danielle. That's got to cause some jealously,, but worse than that you told me Danielle roughed you up a bit and was violent while you were pregnant. Then when you left her, you had to bring Lindsey up yourself in really difficult conditions. Knowing how protective she is and how she likes to look after her family, I guess Bryce feels a lot of guilt for not being there for you even though there's nothing she can do about it now. I think that's why she fixates on Danielle." 
Jodi dabbed her tear-stained eyes and smiled. "You're right. I don't know why I didn't connect it. You're wise beyond your years, Rosie Henderson." 
"My dad always said I was an old soul. When mom died, he fell apart. Even though I was just a teenager, it was up to me to support him and talk him through it." 
"I can see how you were such a comfort to him. So wise one, tell me something or talk to me to keep me distracted." 
Suddenly Rosie's face looked strained and she said out of the blue. "I think I'm falling in love with Colby and I can't stand her." 
"Oh boy! I better make some coffee." 



Bryce parked the jeep across the street from a nondescript downtown apartment building. 
"We should have let Theo and Zach know we were doing this," said Colby. 
Bryce turned off the engine and turned to her friend. "They would have stopped me, and you know I have to do this." 
"Alright,, but remember to keep calm. We're only looking for information on this Drew character, we don't have a shred of evidence that Danielle is involved. Okay?" 
Bryce said nothing, but nodded. Colby wasn't convinced. "My FBI buddy tells me she doesn't start work until five, so she should be in right now." 
"Let's go." Bryce led the way over to the apartment buzzer. Just as Bryce was about to buzz up, someone exited the apartment building, allowing the pair to get past the security door. 
"Apartment 15 should be on the second floor," Colby said after checking the mail boxes for Danielle's name. 
"Let's go." 
They climbed the stairs and stood at the door of apartment 15. Bryce looked at Colby, who said, "Were just making inquires, okay?" 
Bryce knocked and heard a shout from inside. "Just a minute!" 
The door was open and Bryce came face to face with Danielle Bianchi . Their eyes met and Bryce knew instantly that Danielle knew exactly who she was. Looking Danielle up and down, she felt that familiar anger and jealousy twisting in her stomach. The woman stood around 5 foot 6 and had been handsome, but it looked as though the drinking and drugs had taken their toll. Her short blonde hair was wet; she had obviously just come out the shower. 
"You're... Bryce..." Danielle stammered. 
The TV star stood to her full height, looking down on Danielle and said, "Yes, Bryce Royal, and this is my security consultant, Colby Forest." 
"You're engaged to Em." Bryce hated hearing Danielle use a pet name for her fiance. 
"I'm engaged to Jodi, yes." Bryce said correcting the name. 
"I don't know if you're aware, but Jodi is being stalked by someone." 
"Yeah I read that. I hope she and the baby are okay?" 
At the mention of Lindsey, Colby saw Bryce's face become like stone, her knuckles turned white, she was squeezing them so hard. 
"My family is perfectly fine," Bryce said staking her claim. 
Colby decided it was time for her to step in. "The police have some suspicions about a man who Jodi knew when you were both together, we wondered if we could come in and ask a few questions to see if you can help us?" 
"Sure, anything to help Jodi. Uh... come in. Excuse the mess, I'm just getting ready for work." Danielle went around the small basic apartment, lifting up clothes and magazines. 
"Why don't you take a seat and I'll throw on some jeans and a t-shirt, I just got out of the shower." 
Bryce remained standing, but Colby sat and said, "Thanks, you go ahead, we'll wait." 

Five minutes later, Danielle appeared fully dressed. She took a seat across from Colby; Bryce remained standing keeping her intimidating position. 
Colby thought she would start and set the tone for the questioning. 
"We've been looking into Jodi's past, trying to find anyone that has shown an interest in her. I believe the police came to see you and you told them about a guy named Drew. Could you tell us about him? I know you already told the police,, but maybe there's something they could have missed." 
"Sure. I'll do anything I can to help Jodi." Danielle looked up to meet Bryce's eyes then quickly looked back to Colby. The huge TV star looked angry and ready to rip her apart at any moment. 
Bryce watched on while Colby questioned her. 
Anything to help Jodi! What a fucking liar! Yeah you really wanted to help her when you cheated on her, hit her and tried to force yourself on her when she was pregnant with my baby! Bryce watched Danielle meet her murderous stare then quickly look away. 
Yeah. That's right, look away coward. You haven't got the guts to stand up to someone like me, only smaller pregnant women! Bryce thought angrily. 
"So he started to be more than a nuisance then?" Colby asked. 
"Yeah, Jodi came to the restaurant a lot to visit me between shifts, stuff like that. When it started off, he was just over familiar, then he would touch her whenever he could. Jodi told me she'd seen him a few times around her college campus, just watching her. I was angry as you can imagine, some lowlife bothering my girlfriend, I didn't want anything or anyone to hurt Em." 
Bryce snorted, unable to hold her tongue any longer. "That's fucking rich coming from you!" 
Colby said, "This isn't helping Bryce, we're here to get information, not pass judgement on the past." 
Danielle stood gathering her courage. "No. It's okay. Ms. Royal's been desperate to let me have it since I opened the door, so let's have it." 
"Big talk for a coward who beats her girlfriend." 
Oh brother! Here we go! thought Colby. 
"I admit I didn't treat Jodi very well, I had anger problems from my childhood that led me into drinking and drug problems." 
"Oh boo hoo. Mommy and Daddy weren't very nice to you so you thought, 'I know, sleeping around and beating up my girlfriend will make me feel better!" 
"It wasn't like that, I..." 
Danielle stepped back as Bryce went aggressively nose to nose with her. 
"You're scum, Bianchi . Do you remember trying to force yourself on her while she was pregnant with Lindsey? You don't how many times I've wanted to come over here and kick your ass,, but I've been talked out of it." 
"Yes! I remember!" Danielle shouted, sinking back into her chair, head in hands. "I remember cause that's when I knew I had to get help and I left. I know what I did and I have to live with the guilt. I've been working through it with my shrink ever since, and I've found solace in my faith. I know that Jodi was too good for me and the best thing I've ever had,, but I'm clean now and I've worked on my anger issues and rebuilt my life. I have a new girlfriend and I'm trying my best to be a decent partner. That's all I can do. I'm sorry for what I did, and I'll help you in any way I can." 
Colby saw Bryce take another step towards Danielle and jumped up between them. 
"This is not helping, Bryce. We need to find out all we can to protect Jodi." 
Bryce took a deep breath, gulping down her rage. "Fine. Question her,, but I swear to you Bianchi , if I find out you have anything to do with this, I will hunt you down and make you wish you'd never been born!" Bryce turned and moodily went to stand by the window, her back to Colby and Danielle. 
"Ms. Forest, you don't believe I have anything to do with this? I'm just trying to live a quiet life with my girlfriend and keep clean, ask my counselor if you don't believe me!" 
"Calm down, Danielle. We have no evidence that you have anything to do with it and we're not investigating you. So what happened next? Did you warn him off?" 
"Yeah I did, and got him fired from the restaurant. As far as I know he moved to a different part of town after that, and we didn't hear from him again." 
"Could he hold a grudge against Jodi, do you think?" 
"I don't know. Maybe. I guess he wouldn't have known where to find her before she started appearing in the magazines and stuff, when she got with Bryce." 
"Hmm. Do you think he could be violent?" 
"He always struck me as just a creepy guy around women; I really don't know if he would hurt anyone, I mean he was scared of me when I confronted him about it. So I don't know." 
"Well I have nothing further. Take my card and if you think of anything else, just call me on this number." 
Danielle took the card from her. 
Colby turned to Bryce who was still looking out of the window. "Do you have anything else Bryce? Or should we go?" 
Bryce turned and threw an icy glare at Danielle. "Nothing. I've said all I needed to say." 
"Thank you for your help, Danielle," Colby said as she and Bryce made their way to the door. 
Danielle who remained seated said, "Bryce? Will you tell Jodi that I hope her new life will be a happier one?" 
The TV star stopped, but said nothing, then continued on her way out the door followed by Colby. 



The pair returned home a few hours later, after staking out Drew Simpsons house. There had been no sign of him, so they had eventually given up. Bryce had been silent most of that time, lost in her own thoughts. When they got back to the apartment, Bryce hadn't wanted to talk about it and went straight to work out in her gym. Colby filled Rosie and Jodi in on what they had learned. Jodi was concerned about how angry and stressed Bryce obviously was,, but thought it best to let her partner work her frustrations out on the punching bag. 
Rosie had reluctantly accepted a ride home from Colby, wanting to leave the couple to their privacy after a trying day. 
Jodi had a difficult time putting Lindsey to bed, as Bryce hadn't come to read her a story like she did every night. Jodi knew Bryce hadn't done this on purpose,, but had just been so wrapped up in her workout that she lost track of time. When she eventually did get Lindsey to sleep, Jodi decided on an early night. She sat up in bed reading, hoping that Bryce might want to talk when she eventually came to bed. 
Two and a half hours later an exhausted, sweaty Bryce came into the bedroom. Chest heaving and body buzzing with energy, she sought release in the love and reassurance that only her fiance could provide. Bryce saw that Jodi had dozed off reading, so she went to the wardrobe and got what she needed then stalked towards the bed. 
Jodi awoke, hearing the sounds in their bedroom. She looked up to see Bryce standing, looking at her from the side of the bed, saying nothing, but communicating everything with her eyes. Her eyes said I need you, I want you, I need to connect, to know you're mine and only mine, and I'm scared. Jodi's body instantly reacted to the hungry looking Bryce, who had just pulled off her t-shirt and was standing only in her shorts. Bryce's muscles looked pumped, taut and utterly erotic as the sweat from her workout ran down her hard shoulders, chest and the hard washboard stomach that Jodi so adored. Jodi could almost swear she could feel the testosterone pouring off Bryce's body as she waited for her fiance to beckon her to the bed. 
Jodi pulled off her silk nightgown and watched as Bryce's eyes raked over her body, she felt her nipples harden under the needy gaze of her partner. 
"Come to me, honey," Jodi beckoned her, letting her legs open up, showing her partner what was hers. 
Bryce pulled off her shorts leaving her naked with her strap-on standing hard and ready. They didn't always use this in their lovemaking,, but Bryce wanted to be deep inside her fiance both physically and emotionally. As she looked at her partner lying ready and open, her hand unconsciously began stroking her hard appendage. Bryce met her partner's eyes and moved towards her. 
She moved herself onto Jodi, their eyes never once leaving each other as they continued their silent communication. There would be no words, no extensive foreplay, Bryce needed reassurance and release, and Jodi would give it to her. She could so easily read the emotional needs in Bryce's eyes and knew they were truly in each other's soul. 
Bryce held her cock at fiance's entrance waiting for Jodi's signal. Jodi's head gave a slight nod, as her hand stroked Bryce's cheek lightly. 
Bryce's eyes never left Jodi's as she thrust inside her. 
Jodi could tell from the first moment she looked at her partner, that she was wound up and close to the brink. It wouldn't take long for Bryce to reach her release, but this wasn't about long passionate lovemaking, it was about giving Bryce what she needed, and Jodi would willingly give it to her. 
Bryce moaned as her thrusts became faster. Jodi tenderly stroked the TV stars back and shoulders, all the time trying to show all the love she had for her. 
Bryce's breathing changed and the thrusts became harder and even faster; Jodi knew the older woman's orgasm was seconds away, she took Bryce's head in her hands and said, "Don't close your eyes, give me everything." 
This seemed to spiral Bryce closer to the edge as her moans became louder and her hips thrust wildly, until she went over the precipice. 
Jodi saw it in Bryce's eyes before she heard her passion. Her blue eyes seemed to soften and the whites grow milky as all the love, anxiety, and fear poured out of them. 
"Ah, ah, argh!" Bryce roared out her release as if she had been wounded. 
After she collapsed, Jodi hugged her tightly as she heard Bryce's breathy sobs. 
"It's okay, honey. Let it all out. I love you. I love you." 
Bryce very rarely cried, but it was as if the cork had been popped from all of her bottled up emotions. All the fear, anxiety, stress, everything that she had been carrying on her shoulders since this situation began, flooded out. 
Bryce's sobs started to lesson as Jodi tenderly stroked her back.. The tears gradually ebbed away and Bryce, who was still inside her partner, raised up on her elbows to look down at her love. Jodi stroked away the residual tears that were covering her partner's cheeks. 
"How do you know? Know what I need?" Bryce croaked. 
"Because you're in my soul and I am in yours. I will always know." 
"I didn't know what it was to live until I met you. I can't ever lose you, or Lindsey." 
Jodi traced a finger along Bryce's lip. 
"You never will. We are yours. Forever. Now sit up and we'll talk, okay?" 
"Yeah, I think I need to." 



Jodi lay on Bryce's chest, listening to the heart that beat only for her. 
"Tell me about today, honey." 
Bryce took a big breath and exhaled. "When I found that message this morning, I lost it. I was so scared. Whoever this is wasn't just warning me they were coming, they were showing me they could get in anywhere. That parking lot is security monitored 24/7, cameras everywhere, and still they got in unseen. Zach called Colby this afternoon to say there was nothing on the film, they got in, cut the cameras and went about their business. It's frightening." 
Jodi said nothing, but gave Bryce's chest a kiss of reassurance. 
"I had to do something, even if it was, as it turned out to be, a waste of time. We've got nothing on this person, it's like they don't exist, so I had to turn my frustration on the only two targets I had. Danielle and Drew. 
I know I promised you before I went that I would be calm, I promised Colby before we went in too. When she opened the door and I saw her I... Well I had built up this image in my head of who she was,, but then I saw her. She was ordinary looking. A bit pathetic really. I take it the alcohol and drugs have messed her up a bit; the energetic ladies' woman you had described, she was not. When I looked at her, all I could see were the pictures in my head of her hurting you, lying and cheating, making you cry, and I wanted to kill her. What made it worse was that she was trying to be so reasonable, saying she would do anything to help you, and she was so sorry she lost you." 
Jodi raised herself up and looked down at Bryce. "She said that?" 
"Yeah and that she only treated you so bad because of the alcohol and drugs, oh and some crap about a terrible childhood. You know, it was all 'Poor me, I couldn't help being such a women beating lowlife, Mommy and Daddy were nasty to me.' Pathetic." 

"Yes. She did always think her problems were worse than everyone else's." 

"I came so close to punching her,, but Colby stopped me. It took everything in me to turn around and let Colby continue questioning her. I was so near my breaking point, and then we couldn't get that Drew Simpson at home so we left and came back here. I'm sorry I couldn't talk right away and I'm sorry I missed the Smurf's bedtime story. I'll make it up to her, I just... I don't know, everything that I've been feeling came crashing down on me today after seeing her. I'm just so fucking scared of losing you, it's tearing me up inside. It's like I've been given this taste of happiness, family life, contentment, and it could be taken away from me at any moment. When I was working out on the bag, I just kept seeing Danielle's face. I punched and kicked until I was wrung out, and I knew that the only thing that would soothe me was you. You always know what I need, and you always give it to me. I wasn't too rough, was I?" 
Jodi stroked her partner's face. "Never. You could never be too rough. Your body and your mind just needed to connect, to know that I was yours, and you did that. Honey, we can't continue like this forever. What if we never find out who this person is? You can't be so close to the edge all the time. Your family needs you, your daughter needs you, and in case you forgot, we're getting married next week. You've done everything you can to protect your family, Bryce. Colby is the best, trust her to do her job. We need you to just be with us and not always thinking of our problems." 
Bryce pulled Jodi back down for a kiss. "I'll try, baby girl,, but don't expect me ever to compromise on my family's safety. I could never do that,, but I will try. I love you both with all my heart." 
"We know that, honey. We love you too." 
Bryce was emotionally and physically exhausted, and drifted off to sleep with Jodi stroking her stomach as she always did. 
I 'm sorry I brought this fear into your life, thought Jodi sadly. 



The next morning Bryce headed into work early to try and make up for missing so much yesterday. After Colby and Jodi took Lindsey to preschool, Rosie came over to finish up a few things and gather her equipment for moving onto the next job. 
An initial commission to decorate Lindsey's room had blossomed into a redecoration of most of the apartment, and a strong friendship between the young decorator and Jodi. 
Jodi had been delighted with the friendship; she'd had no friends, apart from co-workers, since she broke up with Danielle., but today the job was over and Jodi was going to miss the day-to-day company of the young woman. And, it wasn't as if she wouldn't be seeing Rosie much. After discussing it with Bryce, she had asked her to be a bridesmaid and she was, of course, helping Jodi with planning the wedding. 
Rosie was packing up her stuff when Jodi came into the family room. 
"You all set?" 
"Yeah just about. I can't thank you enough for giving me a chance. It's done wonders for my business to have a celebrity job in my portfolio." 
"No problem. You've done a fantastic job and you fit right in with my family life, which is what is most important to me." 
"I know. You're a great couple and Lindsey's just adorable, so it's been a pleasure." 
"Have you got a new job fixed up?" 
"I have jobs backed up now after my last celebrity client." Rosie smiled. 
"Well just remember to keep January onwards free for the Long Island house." 
"Don't worry, I'll be all yours. Well, that's me all done. I guess I'll see you at the next dress fitting?" 
"Yes. Come here." Jodi opened her arms to give the young woman a hug. 
When they pulled away, Jodi said, "What are you going to do about Colby?" 
The two women had had a heart to heart about Rosie's feelings for the bodyguard. 
"Nothing. My body and my heart are obvious reacting to some sort of latent primal need to mate with a Neanderthal Alpha female!, but luckily I have a mind and a brain to overcome these... these... urges." 
Jodi laughed. "Well good luck with that, in my experience your body and your heart know what you need better than your brain,, but I'll leave that up to you. Oh! Lindsey made you a picture to take with you. Hang on, I'll just go and get it. I think... it's in her room." 
After Jodi left, Rosie grabbed her bags and was about to leave when Colby came in, hands in pockets, looking rather uncomfortable. 
Rosie sighed. She was hoping to get away with talking to the former soldier who made her act and feel things that she couldn't control. 
"Can I help you with something?" 
Colby looked a little lost and unsure of herself. 
"Uh... um... Jodi said you were leaving today?" 
"Yes that's right." Rosie felt flustered, she needed to get out, this little boy lost look of Colby's was making her heart ache. 
"Well... I..." 
"Could you get to the point?" 
Colby walked closer. "I didn't want you to leave without saying goodbye, and talking about that day at my apartment. I didn't mean..." 
"I really don't want to talk about that day, and as for saying goodbye, well... we've never been friends, in fact you hated me on sight and have hated everything about me, so..." 
Colby stood head down, saying nothing, but nodded. 
"I'm going then," Rosie said, but she couldn't move and felt her hand lifting to stroke Colby's face. Oh god! Get out of here Rosie before you kiss her! I can't be trusted around her. 
When Rosie finally got her legs to obey and went to walk past, Colby's arm shot out and grabbed her elbow. 
"I've never hated you, hippy girl. You have principles; you stand up for what you believe in. You're kind, caring and give up your own time to the service of others. There is no one that is more perfect than you. You are everything." 
Colby then lifted Rosie's hand, kissed it tenderly and left the room. 

Rosie was left gobsmacked. I'm everything. Did she actually say that? Oh Jack! 

"Here it is! She worked on it all day yesterday," Jodi said coming into the room with Lindsey's picture. 
"Are you okay, Rosie?" Jodi knew something had happened with Colby. When she saw her go into the family room, she held back hoping the stubborn pair would work something out. Jodi was a romantic and hoped she could see her two friends as happy as she was,, but by the looks of things, it hadn't gone well. 
"I'm fine Em. I'll see you at the final fitting on Friday?" 
"Yes. Let's have lunch first and catch up on the week," Jodi said as she walked Rosie to the door. 
"That would be great." The two women hugged and Rosie left. 
Great! Now I have a moody bodyguard to cheer up! 



The lone figure sat staring at a close-up photo of Jodi, taken by the paparazzi, happy and smiling. They picked up the phone and dialled. 
"We move today. I've had enough of watching what's mine play the blushing bride. Pick me up in 20 minutes." 
Click. 



Jodi and Colby were on their way over to pick up Lindsey from preschool. Jodi had tried to talk to Colby about Rosie, but her bodyguard hadn't being forthcoming. 
A familiar picture popped up on her iPhone as it began to ring. 
"Hello, goofy." 
"Hey, baby girl. How goes your day?" 
Bryce sounded so much brighter toady. Last night's talk and emotional release had helped the TV star. 
"Good. We're on our way over to pick up Lindsey. How's your day been, honey?" 
"Manic. I missed a lot yesterday. That's part of the reason why I'm phoning, baby. I have to work late tonight to catch up, probably most of the week actually. I'm sorry I'm neglecting you and Linds,, but I promise we'll do something nice on Sunday. We'll make it a family day." 
"It's okay, honey. We understand. So what's the dare this week?" 
"Eh... I don't really think you want to know. You know how you worry. Let's just say it's called car dominos." 
Jodi sighed. She was getting used to the constant worry that was the lot of being the partner and wife of daredevil, Bryce Royal. 
"Yes, you're probably right. Just promise me you'll be careful, and make sure you eat something." 
"Yes, mama Smurf! Don't worry I'm always careful. I've got a family to look after now." 
"You just remember that, TV star!" 
"It's always on the forefront of my mind. I'll call you before I leave the studio, okay?" 
"Alright, honey. I love you." 
"Love you, baby girl." 
Almost as soon as Jodi hung up, her phone rang again. It was Lindsey's school. 
"Ms. Bishop? This is Mrs. Whitmore from Greenfield School. We've been trying to get hold of you on your home and cell numbers." 
"I'm sorry Mrs. Greenfield, we're driving over to pick Lindsey up and I was on another call. Is there a problem?" 
Colby mouthed, 'What's wrong?' 
Jodi's heart started to pound. "There has been an incident. An unknown man has gained entry into the school under the guise of being a contractor. He got into Lindsey's class, ordered the teacher to remove the other children at gunpoint, and now has Lindsey held hostage. The police are here..." 
Jodi dropped the phone. "Oh my God! My baby! Colby! We have to get her back!" 
Colby pulled over at the side of the road, picked up the discarded phone and got the full story from Mrs. Whitmore. 
"We're five minutes away. Tell the police we'll be there." 
Jodi was in shock, shaking with tears streaming down her face. Colby pulled her into her arms. 
"We're going to get her back. I promise. This is what I do. I won't let you down." 
"Please Colby. Please get my baby back!" 
Colby pulled the jeep back onto the road and began to break all speed limits to get to the school as fast as possible. 



Colby's jeep screeched to a halt as near as she could get to the school. It was surrounded by crowds, police and TV crews. Jodi was numb and Colby had to physically drag her over to the hub of police officers at the school gates. 
Jodi watched as a team of armed police got suited and geared up, readying to storm the building. 
She pulled at Colby's arm frantically. "Colby, don't let them go in with guns blazing please! You know what can happen! Lindsey will get hurt, please!" 
Colby steadied Jodi, her hands grasping Jodi's shoulders. "Listen, were going to talk to the cops in charge. Whatever happens, I'll get her out." 
"I need Bryce, Colby." 
"Here, call her while I talk to Zach. I can see him over there." 
Jodi merely nodded and began to dial. In the meantime Zach had come over to speak to them. 
"Forest. Glad your here." 
"What's the situation?" 
"It's Drew Simpson. He's got the classroom barricaded. Our negotiator has been in contact with him. He's demanded to see Jodi and have safe passage away with her. We're at the end of the line with it. We're just about to send the armed task force in." 
"Zach you know what a risk that is. A little girl's life is at stake." 
"What other options do we have?" 
"Let me go in. I'm trained for this. It's less of a risk sending one person in." 
"You know I can't authorize that Forest. Whatever you have been, you're a civilian now. I can't send in a civilian." 
Jodi had finished her phone call to Bryce and had joined Zach and Colby. 
"Look, all his attention will be out front on you guys, I can go in the back of the building. Give me 30 minutes. Come on, this is Lindsey we're talking about." 
"Zach please... Let Colby try. Please..." Jodi broke down in tears. 
The cop looked torn between his duty and friendship. "I could lose my badge over this!" 
"Thanks," said Colby, taking off her silver suit jacket. 
"I'll need a radio and a vest." 
"Of course. Anything else I can do for you?" 
"Watch Jodi for me. She's going to be unprotected until Bryce gets here." 
"Of course I will. Bryce is going to be like a raging bull when she gets here." 
"Hopefully I'll have Lindsey out by then." Colby then turned to Jodi. 
"Stay beside this police van, okay? Do not move from here." 
Jodi's tear stained face grew angry. "What does it matter? It's been Drew all along. My daughter is in danger because he wants me!, but he's in there, so I think I'll be safe." 
Suddenly she became like stone. 
"Zach, if Colby can't get her out, you are not going in with your guns. He wants me? He can have me. I'll exchange myself for her." 
Colby hugged the small blonde. "It won't come to that. I'm going to get her. Stay here and wait for Bryce, okay?" 
Jodi nodded,, but she knew she would die for her daughter if that's what it took. 




Bryce ran every red light and nearly had several collisions on her way to Lindsey's school. When Jodi called, she had never felt such fear. It was even worse than the night Jodi had the intruder, because this time someone had a gun pointed at her daughter's head. 
Her stomach had roiled as she grabbed onto her desk to steady herself. 
Kris had said that Pauley should drive her, but Bryce simply ignored her, grabbing her keys and running out to her car. 
"Get out of my fucking way!" Bryce screamed at the other drivers. 
She was frustrated. Even breaking the speed limit, it would take her 20 minutes to get there. 
I knew I shouldn't have listened to everyone and let my guard down. I need to protect my family. 



Colby shimmied her way through a window at the back of the school. Gun drawn she stalked her way through the eerily empty halls. 
She had spoken to the principal and caretaker, and had a rough idea of where she should head. As she got closer to the classroom, she heard the tears of Lindsey calling out for her moms and it broke her heart. 



Across town, Rosie watched the siege live on the bar TV. Tears ran down her cheeks as the cameras panned onto Jodi being held back by the police. 
Her occasional date, Jess, sat at the bar watching Rosie's reaction. She could be found propping up the bar most of the time Rosie was working. She loved the beautiful bartender, but couldn't so far get Rosie to take their friendship to the next level. 
"Isn't that who you've been working for Rosie?" 
She simply nodded. The TV news continued. 

This reporter understands that the family's body guard, ex special forces soldier Colby Forest, has persuaded the authorities to let her go into the preschool and rescue the TV stars daughter from the armed gunman. 
A picture of Colby while she was still in the army, dressed in full camo and holding a gun, appeared on the TV. 

"Oh God Jack!" she whispered. 
Jess heard the name and knew she'd heard it mentioned before. Who was this 'Jack' that had her love so worried? 
"Isn't that the soldier that you hated? The one that works for Royal?" 

' You are everything,' Rosie remembered the words that had haunted her since this morning. 
"I don't hate her! We just don't see eye to eye," Rosie replied angrily. 
"Okay! Okay! I'm sorry I said anything." Jess took her drink and stalked off moodily to talk to some of her friends. 
I need to get over there! She ripped off her apron, grabbed her coat and walked out of the bar without a backward glance. 
"Hey! Where are you going?" the manager hollered after her. 
Rosie couldn't hear him. She sent up a silent prayer for them all then added, Sarah, I know you're looking down on your big sister. Please keep her safe! 



"Shut the hell up, kid! You'll see your Mom when she decides to come in here!" 
Drew Simpson had tied the little girl to a chair in the corner away from the door. He nervously kept looking out of the window. 
"Mama! Mom! I scared! Come get me!" the hysterical girl screamed. 
"Shut the fuck up!!" Drew was panicking; this hadn't gone as his partner had promised. Not used to using a gun, his hand shook as he pointed it at the little girl. 
Drew jumped when his cell phone started ringing. 
"What's happening? I'm trapped in here with a screaming brat, surrounded by armed police, and there's no sign of me getting Jodi! You promised!" 
"Just hold it together. I'm getting things ready for our getaway. You will get out, I promise," his partner said, and then thought, I just won't promise what state you'll be in when you do. 
"I know I wanted Jodi, but I don't know if she's worth this," Drew said. The sweat was pouring down his face from the nerves and fear. 
"She is worth it. Believe me. I just need a little more time. Jodi is persuading the police to let her come in as we speak. Keep their attention on you and we'll both get what we want." 
"Okay. Just get me out of here!" 

While Drew had been distracted talking on the phone, Colby had taken position outside the door. Luckily there was a window on the door, so she got a good layout of the room. 
She made a quick assessment of Drew. She could see he was in way over his head, he was shaking, nervous, constantly looking out of the window; he wasn't even holding his gun properly. 
Probably never even used one before. If I can just get the door open and get him in one clean shot, then Lindsey will be safe. I just have to choose my moment, Colby thought. 
The Gods seemed to be smiling on Colby. As Lindsey's crying become too much for Drew, he raised both hands to cover his ears, taking his gun away from pointing at Lindsey. 
Colby kicked open the door in one smooth movement. Drew only had time to meet Colby's eyes with a look of surprise before the soldier shot him in the forehead. 



Outside, Jodi waited with Zach. She had never felt such anguish and longed to be in Bryce's arms. 
"What's happening? Tell me." 
"We can't tell until Forest radios in." 
"Can't you contact her?" Jodi asked desperately. 
"No. We have to maintain radio silence. No matter what happens, even if I have to leave this vicinity, stay next to these police officers." 
Jodi nodded then they all heard shots ring out from the school. 
"No! Lindsey!" 
Zach pulled out his gun and shouted. "Go! Go!" Signaling the armed police to enter the school. 
"I'm going in. Don't move, Jodi!" 
"Oh God! Bryce I need you!" 




Bryce's car screeched to a halt. She jumped out and ran at full speed towards the main entrance, taking the police barrier like a hurdle. A wall of police held her back as she got closer. She struggled, pushing and shoving. 
"Let me pass! That's my daughter in there! Lindsey! Lindsey!" she screamed. 
Theo, who had been manning the radio link between Colby and the police came rushing over. 
"Bryce! Calm down, buddy!" 
The cops who were restraining her said, "Should we cuff her, detective?" 
"No! Leave her with me." Theo grabbed her head. 
"Bryce! Look at me! Look at me!" 
Bryce stopped struggling as much. "Lindsey's in there! She needs me!" 
"Lindsey's safe, Bryce. Look!" 
Bryce looked across the playground to see Colby walking towards them with Lindsey in her arms. 
Bryce ran over to meet them. Lindsey who had been silent since she had witnessed the shooting, started to cry uncontrollably when she saw Bryce and reached out frantically for her. 
"Mom! Mom! Bad man! I scared!" Colby handed Lindsey over to a relieved Bryce who pulled her daughter tightly to her. 
"Thank God! Linds, you're okay now. Mom's here." 
Bryce looked at Colby and said, "Thank you so much, Colby. I owe you anything you ask for." 
Colby stroked Lindsey's dark head. "Don't mention it. I wasn't only doing my job you know, I care a lot about you all." 
Bryce nodded and reached out to shake Colby's hand. "You're a true friend. Who was it?" 
"Drew Simpson. He wanted Jodi in exchange for Lindsey." 
Bryce growled. "The thought of her family so close to danger enraged the TV star,, but the sound of her daughter's sobs made her put her anger aside, to be dealt with later. 
"I want my Mama!" 
"Come on, Linds. You're okay now." Lindsey hung onto her Mom like a life preserver. 
Theo and Zach joined them; Zach clapped Colby on the back. 
"You had me worried when I heard those shots." 
"He was an amateur. It was no problem." 
Bryce knew Jodi would be going out of her mind with worry and said, "Where's Jodi? She'll be so worried." 
"I told her not to move from the police van. I'll go get her," Zach said. 
A police officer came over and said, "Detective. There's a Rosie Henderson wanting to be let through. Says she's a friend." 
"Let her through," Colby said. Zach nodded in agreement. 
Rosie ran through the crowd of press and onlookers. "Is everyone okay?" 
"Yes, we're okay." Rosie hugged Bryce and Lindsey. 
"Thank God! How did you get her out?" 
"Colby went in and got her." 
Rosie threw her arms around the bodyguard and whispered in her ear. "I'm so happy you're safe, Jack." 
Colby was surprised at the hug, but knew it wouldn't last long, so she drank up the warmth and smell of the young woman while she could. 
Rosie realised she was hanging on a bit too long and pulled back. 

Zach came running over. "She's not there. I can't find her." 
"What do you mean you can't find her?" Bryce snapped. 
"I told her to stay at the van and she's just not there. I've ordered a search." 
"Where's my Mama? Want Mama!" Lindsey sniffled. 
Bryce tried not to show her panic in front of Lindsey. "Rosie? Would you watch her?" 
"No problem." 
"I'm going to find her, Linds. You stay here with Rosie, okay?" 
Bryce handed her over to the young woman and said. "Colby lets go." 

They ran off towards the main throng of vans and police at the front gates. Bryce pushed past people, shouting frantically for her mate. 
"Jodi! Jodi!" 
The police checked everywhere, and Bryce and Colby went around the school building twice and found nothing. She tried calling Jodi's cell phone, but it went straight to voicemail. 
"Colby, where is she?" Bryce shouted. 
"I don't understand it," said Zach. "She was right there, right up until the shots were fired. I told her not to move and we went into the school to back up Colby." 
Bryce ran her hands through her dark hair frantically. "She can't have just disappeared?!" 
She pulled her iPhone back out and dialled. "Come on, baby. Pick up! Voicemail again! She never turns her phone off." 
"I've got men questioning everyone to find out if they saw anything." 
Bryce's phone beeped in her hand. She opened up her mail and saw a message from sanctityofgod.com . Her stomach dropped to her toes, and her hand shook as she opened the mail. 
Colby, Zach, Theo, and the world's media looked on as Bryce fell to her knees and howled. 
Colby grabbed the phone and looked at the mail. She brought her hands to her mouth when she saw a picture of Jodi, tied, gagged and unconscious, in the back of a van. 
The message below read: 

'I've taken back what's mine. My wife will be wiped clean from the stain of your touch.' 
Danielle 


Waiting for the sequel? Try these scary titles from Audrey Bones!


