


CAN YOU 
MEND IT?

Part 2 - TORN


by Billy Wood-Smith






Copyright © Billy Wood-Smith
2021 Edition
All rights reserved. No part of this to publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any from or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying or otherwise, without prior permission of the author.

This novel is a work of fiction.
Names, characters, events and even some locations are purely fictitious and a work of the author’s imagination. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental.







For more on the books (such as Who’s Who; some more info on the characters; a timeline etc.) check out the official website
http://www.billywoodsmith.com

Table of Contents

Stay out of it! 
PJ or BJ
Returning
Pete’s Party
At the Pub
Drawer Contents
Jealousy Approach Backfiring
It’ll be okay/ Relax/ Can I still come over? 
After Midnight
Saturday Morning Breakfasts
Evening with Jack
Hope you know what you’re doing…
Off to London/ Off to See Mom
First Night in London
Aren’t you going to take this? 
Monday in London/ at the Cabin
Tuesday in London/ at the Cabin
Wednesday in London /at the Cabin
…calling you anyway
Dripping Bathroom Faucet…
Can I come by? 
An Irresistible Dinner Invitation
An Equation
Stay
Crumbs and Kisses
The things that we don’t say…
Breakfast noises
See you tonight



Stay out of it! 
(Thursday, August 22nd)

 “Hey Joe, I got a text message from Jack, asking if we wanted to meet him at the Irish pub tomorrow,” Sarah said as she sat down on the ottoman. 
Across from her, her brother was sitting on the sofa, his legs resting on the coffee table, his computer on his lap, some sports program running on TV. He glanced over at her.
“That band Rick told us about is playing,” Sarah babbled on.
“Yeah, I know,” Joe said with little enthusiasm. He reached for the remote control to turn down the volume on the TV. “I got Jack’s message too. Don’t think I’m gonna be able to make it, though. Already sent him a response.”
“What other grand plans do you have for tomorrow night?” Sarah asked.
His expression turned into an annoyed, clenched-jaw kind of look that told her that he didn’t like her question – probably because now he had to quickly make up some viable answer.
It was Thursday evening. Sarah had just come home from work. Almost exactly 24 hours had passed since the very bizarre scene in her kitchen Wednesday evening – a scene like out of some dramatic play. It had starred Joe, Liz and D as protagonists and Jack and herself as supporting cast. It still made her cringe every time she thought about it.
 “I’m not in the mood for the pub and unplugged love music, okay?” Joe grumbled, putting an extra dark emphasis on love.
“Fine,” Sarah said, rolling her eyes at his tone.
“Sarah, I just really don’t feel like–”
“Fine,” she cut him off.  “That’s fine!  Then don’t!” With that she rose from the ottoman and turned around to leave. She was hungry and she was tired and she wasn’t going to deal with his bad vibes here! 
“Don’t be mad, okay?” Joe said behind her, his tone suddenly more conciliatory. “I know you guys probably want to cheer me up or something, but really – I don’t need cheering up! I’m perfectly fine!”
“Yeah, sure!” Sarah scoffed. “Good for you!”
“Sarah–” Joe started, sounding slightly exasperated, but then he just stopped and changed the topic. “I called the insurance company today, by the way.”
“Oh, you did?” Sarah stopped under the archway that connected the living room to the kitchen.
“Yeah. I reported the damage, and they confirmed that it’s covered. I still have a free claim, so the premium won’t shoot up. I made an appointment at the Volvo dealer here to have it fixed but couldn’t get anything until next Thursday.”
Sarah nodded. “Good that you’ve got that arranged.” She felt relieved to hear that he had taken action to have any reminder of Liz’s last insane, evil deed erased from his Volvo. It was too bad it would have to wait for another week.
“And I’m glad it’s all covered,” she said. 
“Yep,” Joe nodded, his eyes trailing off towards the window. “Otherwise I may have had to kill her after all…” 
“I wouldn’t blame you if you did,” Sarah said drily. 
He let out a little laugh, his eyes returning to her. “I thought you might feel that way. It’s kind of comforting that I’m not the only one.”
“Oh, you’re not!” Sarah assured him.
Across from her, Joe was rubbing his chin. “Hey, but about tomorrow night – you should really go. I mean – just because I’m not… You and Jack should definitely go!”
A little baffled at this sudden shift back to the initial topic, Sarah nodded. “Yeah, sure. We’ll still go. We don’t need you!”
“No, you definitely don’t,” Joe agreed. “And you sure shouldn’t let Jack go all by himself!” There was a mischievous little twist to his smile now. 
“Well, who knows,” Sarah said in a joking tone that didn’t quite sound real, “if both of us cancelled, he might just ask his… mysterious whoever she is. Maybe he’d actually welcome that.”
Joe shrugged, trying to keep a straight face. The way Sarah had just phrased it and her tone clearly showed that she wasn’t cool about her good friend Jack possibly being in love with someone else.
Joe shrugged. “Well, he asked you and me though, right? And who knows, you might actually be able to find out some more details from him than I did…” He gave her his best innocent smile. “Because I think we do have to watch out for Jack a bit. Just so he doesn’t make any silly mistakes.”
Sarah looked back at him undecidedly and was just opening her mouth to say something when he quickly said: “Oh, by the way, if you’re hungry, there’s some chili con carne in the fridge…”
She raised her eyebrows. “You made chili?”
He let out a little laugh. “I can cook some things, okay? Kind of had to, over the last three years. Liz sure couldn’t cook at all!” He grimaced at the memory. “Anyway, I kind of had a craving for chili, and enough time, so – help yourself.”
“Wow. Thanks. ” Sarah looked impressed.
~~~
While she warmed up some of the chili, Sarah checked her phone.
There was a text from D.
Thanks. Need to prepare and pack for London.
D
Sarah put the phone aside, took the chili out of the microwave and then sat down at the kitchen table to eat.
She had sent D a text message this morning:
Hope you’re okay. Let me know if you wanna meet or talk. 
Sarah
The very delayed response showed that D neither wanted to meet nor talk but was caught up in preparations for London (or pretended to be…)
Sarah wasn’t sure what exactly had happened between her brother and D, but she had this nagging feeling that it wasn’t anything good. (Whatever good meant in this particular context.) All she did know was that D had – after her absolutely terrific confrontation with Liz – walked out, and Joe had gone after her. Five minutes later he had returned with a grim face, had wordlessly pulled out the chair beside Jack and sat down, his arms crossed, his eyes on Jack’s water glass. Sarah had excused herself at this point and taken her food upstairs to her room to eat it there while trying to come to terms with the crazy developments that had just occurred in her kitchen.
 Fifteen minutes later she had heard the doorbell, and Liz’s brother, Steve, had arrived to pick the evil witch up. Shortly afterwards Jack had left and she had heard Joe walk up to his room.

Sarah finished the rest of her chili and leaned back in her chair for a moment. She couldn’t deny that she liked having Joe around and cook for her, but at the same time it worried her.
She got up from the table, put the dishes into the dishwasher and peeked into the living room where he was typing something into his computer.
Sarah leaned against the archway. “The chili was really good,” she told him.
”Did my best,” he said with a half-smile over at her.
“You can cook for me anytime!” she grinned. “I can put out the recipes  of the dishes I would like to have prepared… And, of course, if you’re bored, you can always mow the lawn, change my car’s oil or – I’ll find something for you to do besides playing on your computer–”
“I wasn’t exactly playing on my computer!” There was irritation in his voice now. “I actually work on this thing, okay? It’s what I do.”
“Yeah, well, sorry,” Sarah said. “Don’t be so touchy! You didn’t exactly look like you were working…”
“I’m not touchy at all,” he retorted. “And okay, for the last half an hour I wasn’t working as in ‘doing something for R&D’. I’ve been trying to change my postal address on every freaking thing to the address here. I hope that’s okay.”
“Sure,” Sarah nodded. “Probably a good idea.”
“Yeah. I really need to stop my mail from going to Liz. Because who knows what could come out of that.”
“Mhmm.” Sarah nodded, eying him warily. His eyes had already returned to the computer screen. 
“But about tomorrow night…” Sarah started again, then paused for a moment, weighing if she should really say what had just crossed her mind. “I could even see if D also wants to–“
“Don’t even think about it!” he interrupted her sharply. “Stay out of it!” He pointed his finger at her as he spoke. “And this time I really mean it!”
Surprised and a little annoyed by the tone, Sarah gave him a provocatively wide-eyed look. 
Then she shrugged, “Whatever you say…”
“Thank you!” He dropped his gaze back to his computer. “Besides, she’s already got some really important plans for tomorrow night. Don’t you know that?”
Sarah frowned. “No. What do you mean?”
Obviously going for maximum suspense, he clicked around with his mouse a few more times and tapped on some keys before he answered.
“She’s going to a party,” he finally announced, looking straight at her now. “She’s going to a party with Peeete.” 
As the message was sinking in, Sarah had a hard time keeping her face from slipping. She hadn’t had any idea. D had never mentioned it. Probably for very good reasons, as she would have gotten an earful! She must have mentioned it to Joe, however. Or he had found out about it by himself. Whatever it was, this was absolutely idiotic!
“You didn’t know about it?” Joe seemed surprised.
Sarah decided not to comment. This was a lot more screwed up than she had feared.
Joe turned the TV off.
“But even if she didn’t have that lovely party going on,” he said darkly, while taking his feet off the coffee table. “She doesn’t want to see me, okay? And quite honestly, I don’t really want to see her either.”
Sarah undecidedly rubbed the bridge of her nose.
“What happened?” she asked, halfway expecting him to tell her again that she should stay out of his business. 
Surprisingly he didn’t do that.
“Well, you know…” he said with a sneer while closing his laptop, “she put on a really good show last night in your kitchen – we have to give her that! – but at the same time–“ He paused for a moment, his eyes narrow now. “It’s kind of absurd, but anyway: Sounds like seeing Liz there suddenly made her realize… I mean really realize that I’d been living with Liz for the past few years and not in some fucking monastery.” He sucked in a sharp breath before he continued in the same angry tone as before. “And that’s a serious problem for her now. And suddenly she isn’t even sure – how did she put it? – that she knows who I am anymore…” He shrugged and placed his hands on the closed lid of the computer. 
Watching him, Sarah wished that she had been prepared for all this in some way (preferably by D). Maybe then she would have had a good and helpful response up her sleeve. But with all this being brand new information (and not exactly the comforting, heart-warming kind) she was still trying to process it.
“Well, D isn’t always rational,” she finally said in lack of anything better to contribute. “Especially when she’s suddenly standing right in front of your precious ex, who’s dressed like a hooker. I’m surprised she pulled it off as well as she did. Some kind of breakdown had to be expected, though.”
“I know that,” Joe said, tracing the edges of his laptop with his fingers. “But even taking that into account – I mean, what am I supposed to do, huh? She explicitly told me to back off. So…”
Sarah looked back at him, scrambling for something to say, but then it didn’t seem as if he really expected a response.
“She told me to back off and, honestly, I think that’s exactly what I’m going to do. At least until she gets back from that seminar thing in London.”
Sarah faltered. Judging from what he had just said, D must have told him about her trip to London, but omitted the fact that attending some seminars wasn’t the sole purpose of this trip. She hadn’t mentioned the job.
“So, that’s where we are,” Joe concluded. Then he got up, the laptop clutched under his arm and headed for the door. “I think I’ll go for a run,” he said. “I really need some fresh air…”
PJ or BJ
(Friday, August 23rd)

Sarah parked in the parking lot outside the apartment building where Jack lived. The Irish pub they were going to was a few minutes away and had hardly any parking. So they would just walk from here.
She climbed out of the car, grabbed her purse and her sweater from the passenger seat and walked through the hedge to the main door. She rang Jack’s bell. A few seconds passed, then she heard the intercom click.
“Hi Sarah, come on up,” she heard Jack say. The door opener buzzed and she pushed the door open.
Climbing the stairs to the second floor, Sarah could hear Jack’s voice and laughter from upstairs. She figured that he must be out in the stairway talking to someone – a woman judging from the second voice and the flirtatious giggle that was audible now. Sarah couldn’t help feeling a mild flash of irritation.
“Hi, Sarah!” Jack called as she reached the landing on the second floor. He was standing in the open door to his apartment; Sam, his golden retriever beside him, and a dark-haired woman standing just outside his door.
“Hello,” Sarah said with a quick glance at the woman who was now turning around to her. She was holding a half empty bottle of red wine vinegar in her hands.
“Sarah, this is Wendy, my new neighbor from upstairs,” Jack said politely. “Wendy, this is Sarah, a good friend.”
“Hi,” Wendy smiled a big but somewhat forced smile. She was pretty, tall and probably four or five years older than Jack. And she didn’t seem too pleased that her chat with her handsome neighbor had just been cut short.
“Wendy’s borrowing some red wine vinegar,” Jack explained the obvious.
Sarah nodded and smiled and thought to herself that borrowing vinegar had obviously only been an excuse to ring Jack’s bell.
“Anyway,” Wendy said with a sweet smile back at Jack. “Thank you. Now I can continue my cooking. Maybe next week I can actually have you over for something. If you have time…”
“Yeah, sure,” Jack nodded with a non-committal smile.
Wendy reached out and gave Sam a quick pat. “And you can come too,” she said in a voice that people use to talk to babies and puppies. Sam gave her a bored look, turned around and trotted back into the flat where he shook himself before he disappeared from sight.
“Well, thanks again,” Wendy said and – in Sarah’s direction – she chirped a quick, “Nice to meet you.”  Then she headed upstairs.
Jack ushered Sarah inside, gave her a quick peck on the cheek and closed the door behind her.
“I still need a few minutes,” he told her apologetically. “Started a download on the computer a while ago that has been taking forever. It’s almost done though. So, if you don’t mind, I’d like to wait a few more minutes until it’s finished.”
“Sure, no problem.” Sarah followed him to the living room where Sam had laid down on his blanket beside the sofa and was watching her sleepily as she stepped around him to sit down. She reached out and massaged his head for a moment. Obviously not very impressed, Sam rose and left for the kitchen.
Across the room, Jack had sat down at his desk, monitoring the progress the computer was making.
“Almost done,” he reported with a glance over his shoulder.
“Don’t worry about it,” she said and reached for a magazine that was lying on his coffee table.
Staring at his computer screen, Jack was waiting for her to find the manuscript. He had put it right under the car magazine. There was no way she would miss it. He would still tinker around with his computer a bit – something that could have easily waited until later – and she would flip through the car magazine a little, get bored with it very soon and then hopefully spot the other thing on the table – something a lot more interesting…
He was following Joe’s advice here – advice Joe had sent in a short text message yesterday:
Hi Jack, sorry, but I can’t make it to the pub tomorrow. But you and Sarah should definitely go! Seriously! I think you should go for it! Because friendship sometimes just doesn’t do it… And if you want my advice: Make her jealous! She needs a little kick in the butt!
Joe
For lack of any other good ideas and strangely thrilled about what seemed to be Sarah’s brother’s blessing, Jack had dug out the manuscript Wendy had given him two weeks ago. She had rung his doorbell at 11:30 pm, he had opened just wearing his boxers and a T-shirt, assuming it must be an emergency. Instead it had been Wendy, batting her eyes, looking him up and down in a way that made him feel highly uncomfortable and asking him if he would mind browsing through the book she had written – a modern-day romance. Maybe he could let her know what he thought about the male character. Did his feelings/actions seem realistic?
He had refrained from asking her to come inside. He had pretended to be very tired, promised to read what she had handed him and wished her goodnight.
Afterwards he had totally forgotten about the manuscript for several days. When he had come across it again, he had taken it to the bathroom with him for a first quick look at it. He had read about half of the first chapter and found it neither very exciting nor particularly captivating. He knew he should read some more soon – even if just out of courtesy – but he simply hadn’t gotten around to it yet.
In the living room behind him, he could hear Sarah shift on the sofa now, and the car magazine was put back onto the coffee table. Then there was a moment of silence.
“What’s that?” she asked.
Pretending not to have heard, Jack quickly leaned closer to his computer screen as if something crucial or puzzling was just happening that needed his undivided attention.
When he turned around two seconds later, the manuscript was in Sarah’s hands. So far still unopened.
“Oops!” he exclaimed with an exaggeratedly uncomfortable glance at what she was holding. 
She gave him a questioning look back. “What is this?” she asked and glanced at the front page again, where centered bold black letters proclaimed, Three Days with You by Wendy Andrews
“My neighbor’s masterpiece,” Jack told her with a meaningful nod.
Sarah raised her eyebrows. “She wrote a book?”
Jack nodded with a crooked smile. “Yep! Obviously.”
“And you’re the first who gets to read it or what?” Sarah’s tone had turned slightly scathing.
Jack shrugged. “One of the first at least, I guess.” He grinned. “Supposedly she needs an unbiased guy to verify that what she writes isn’t totally off from the male perspective… ”
“Oh, okay,” Sarah said ultra-sweetly. “And what exactly would unbiased guy mean in this particular context?”
“I didn’t really dare to ask,” Jack whispered with a conspiring grin. He had to keep himself from bursting out laughing about the face Sarah was making. He had absolutely no idea where following Joe’s advice would take him, but so far this was a lot of fun. Sarah actually did seem a bit annoyed by the whole Wendy thing. In this context it came in handy that she had run into Wendy already on her way in. In contrast to the manuscript lying around, he had had nothing to do with that. It had been pure luck that Wendy had decided to pay him one of her many (badly disguised) visits right at the time he had expected Sarah.
This time Wendy’s dropping by had been about vinegar she claimed to desperately need to finish her cooking. He had taken his time finding the bottle and then dragged the chat with Wendy out until – Bingo! – Sarah had arrived. Just in time to get a glimpse at Wendy. That way she could at least put a pretty face with the name on the manuscript…
“What’s it about?” Sarah asked, the manuscript still unopened on her lap.
“Some romance,” Jack said with a shrug. “Haven’t gotten past the first chapter yet. And from that I would say it’s chick-lit at the most.”
Gloomily staring at the front page, Sarah was obviously wondering how often Wendy came by to drop something off or pick something up.
“Can I look at it?” she asked with what looked like a mischievous spark in her eyes.
“Sure!” Jack nodded encouragingly and turned back to his computer. 
Behind him Sarah had started flipping through the pages.
Suddenly she stopped.
“Oh-my-God!” she breathed, barely suppressing a giggle.
Jack whisked around, frowning. “What?”
Theatrically pressing her flat hand against her chest, Sarah glanced over at him for a moment and then back at the manuscript in her lap. She feigned gasping for air.
“What?” Jack couldn’t help laughing at the face she was making.
“You haven’t looked at this very much yet, have you?” Sarah bubbled.
“Nope!” He shook his head, a little perplexed. “What did I miss?”
He came over and dropped down on the sofa next to her.
As he leaned in a bit as if to get a closer look at the words on the page she was holding open with her hand, Sarah resisted the impulse to scoot away. Even when his arm was brushing against hers now and there was this unexpected tingle in her stomach.
“Oh, this is quite steamy,” she said bravely. “Very steamy, actually…”
“Really?” Jack frowned and leaned even closer, his eyes on the manuscript. “Or are you kidding?”
“No, I’m not kidding,” Sarah said trying to keep cool.
“Then I’ll definitely have to read it!” he announced and leaned back in the sofa, thus breaking the contact. “What’s so steamy about it exactly?” The Wendy story being X-rated material had not been the plan, of course, but who knew, it might serve its purpose just as well if not even better.
Sarah had turned to him. With some more distance between them now, she could finally think relatively clearly again. She put on a devious smile, straightened up and lifted the open manuscript up – very much like a grandmother who is about to read a lovely goodnight story to a child. 
“Let me read to you from this chapter,” she chirped. “It’s titled – and I quote – B-J.”
Jack swallowed. Obviously this book really was X-rated.
“P J as in pajamas?” he asked quickly.
Sarah shook her head. “Nooo,” she drawled. “Not P-J as in pajamas, B-J as in –“
“Brother Joe?” Jack blurted out as if he was in the final round of a TV quiz show. “Or bad Jack?” He batted his eyes.
“Yeah, bad Jack!” Sarah laughed and pointed her finger at him. ”Bad actor Jack!” She let the manuscript sink into her lap. “Don’t play dumb here, okay? The chapter is called B J and from what I’ve seen so far, that’s exactly what it is about…a blow job…” 
“Oh, that,” Jack said like it was just now dawning on him, and he was very pleasantly surprised. With a content sigh he crossed his arms behind his head and stretched out his legs, crossing them at the ankle. “Alright then,” he said dreamily. “You wanted to read to me? Go ahead. I’m all ears…” He closed his eyes.
“Well, maybe Wendy would like to read it to you herself,” Sarah scathed. “Or she might even be willing to throw in a demonst–”
She fell silent very abruptly when she saw Jack’s eyes fly open, a somewhat unhappy look appearing on his face. “Sarah, please,” he said with some exasperation, “I hardly know her, okay? Besides –”
“Well, it’s kind of hard to believe that she’d give something like this to a guy she hardly knows,” Sarah interrupted, her gaze dropping back to the words on the paper. “Or maybe that’s just Wendy’s way of getting to know guys and turning them from unbiased to I-don’t-know-what.”
As she quietly read a few more sentences, she shook her head. “I mean, I’m just trying to imagine how you would give her constructive feedback on this. Like – ‘You know, Wendy, that part in the B-J chapter where you describe how the girl–”
Before she knew what was happening, Jack had snatched the script away from her and stuck it between himself and the armrest of the sofa, his elbow pressed against it.
“That’s enough now, you evil, evil book critic,” he laughed. “You just don’t appreciate good literature –”
“Give it back,” Sarah giggled and reached across him to snatch it back. “This is so incredibly educational!”
“No no no no no!” Jack had put his arm around her back and was tickling her with one hand while trying to keep her from getting her hands on the manuscript. And Sarah, even though she tried to keep giggling and fighting him, was starting to feel increasingly lightheaded, breathless and pleasantly cornered.
Suddenly they both stopped laughing. And Jack, avoiding eye-contact, removed his arm from behind her and scooted over, away from her. Then he gave her a quick glance and a lopsided smile and pushed himself up from the sofa.
“Looks like this is finally done,” he told her as he stepped up to his desk chair, his eyes fixed on the computer screen. “Guess we can go anytime.”
Returning
(Friday, August 23rd)

Ten minutes after Sarah had left to go to the store and then meet with Jack, Joe pulled the front door closed behind him and walked up to where the Volvo was parked alongside the road. 
Stone-faced he gave the damaged front and passenger side another close look. He couldn’t wait to have this repaired! He wasn’t normally very emotionally attached to his car. And had this damage occurred in a normal accident, his main concern would have probably been the fact that, as long as the headlight was smashed, he shouldn’t drive around in the dark too much. Knowing that the damage had been inflicted by Liz, though – probably even intentionally – made it almost unbearable to look at. Made his stomach knot.
He checked his watch. It was 5:30 pm. If he really wanted to do this thing he’d been thinking about, he needed to get going here pretty soon.
The idea had come up shortly after he had talked to Steve on the phone. He had hung up and gone to get some oil from Sarah’s garage for the squeaky door of the garden shed. In the garage Sarah’s bicycle had caught his eye and he had suddenly realized that – no matter what he had just told Steve – there was actually one thing he was aching to have back. His bike.
Still in the garage, he had fished out his phone, accessed the e-mail account and scrolled to the latest newsletter from the gallery Liz worked for. Fortunately he hadn’t deleted it yet or unsubscribed from their mailing list. Sometimes those stupid newsletters did come in handy after all.
As it turned out, there was an event scheduled at the art gallery for tonight. How very convenient! Glamour-Barbie-Liz surely wouldn’t miss such an excellent opportunity for a glittering appearance. Joe knew that she usually left for these things around 6:15 pm.
~~~
The drive to Munich took him almost two hours. Once in town, he took the road by the art gallery just to make sure that Liz was really there and not at home.
Sure enough, he could see her yellow beetle parked outside.
Ten minutes later he drove into the underground garage of the apartment building where they’d been living together for almost three years. His heart was beating annoyingly fast as he pulled into his usual spot that was still paid for until the end of the quarter.
Drawing in a deep breath, he got out of the car. 
He did feel a bit like a criminal.
He headed to the corridor where all the basement storage compartments were. Theirs was the second from the back. 
He unlocked it. His bike was in the very front, leaning against the tall shelf. It didn’t seem like anyone had touched it since he had parked it here a little over three weeks ago.
Towards the back, behind a bunch of boxes, Liz’s bike was collecting dust. Seeing it made him let out a dark chuckle. Her parents had given her this extremely expensive piece of equipment shortly after he and she had moved in together. They had wanted to support their daughter’s sudden and unexpected interest in outdoor activities. Joe ground his teeth at the memory of Liz in her Sporty Barbie mode at the very beginning of their relationship.
Just like her parents, he had been dumb enough to fall for that show. Liz had used the bike exactly three times in three years…
Pulling his bicycle out, Joe inspected it quickly. It looked okay. Surprisingly. He had expected slashed tires, severed brake cables and/or a scratched frame, but it looked fine. Maybe the fact that Liz detested coming down here (because of the spiders!!!) had saved him.
From the shelf to his right he took his bike helmet, hung it over the handle bar and then walked the bike to the car. He put down the back seat and heaved the bike in through the back – miraculously without getting his T-shirt dirty.
Afterwards he returned to the basement compartment and grabbed his backpack that was leaning against the wall and stuffed it with some tools that were sitting on the shelf to his right. He was just reaching for a special flashlight he had stolen from his Dad when moving out from home three years ago, when the small picture frame up on the top shelf caught his eye. There was no picture in it or even a glass or a back. It was just the empty frame – only that it wasn’t entirely empty. A spotted spider about the size of a thumb nail had built a perfect web inside that frame and was sitting in the very center of it, waiting for victims. It looked almost fake in its slightly disgusting beauty – almost like a piece of art.
Joe chuckled as he tried to imagine the title Liz’s gallery might put on a little sign next to it: Spider in Spider Web, framed… He doubted that Liz would appreciate it – despite her supposedly great sense for art…
He put the backpack over his shoulder and quickly picked up the two parts for the roof rack that attached to the railing of the Volvo. Then he locked the compartment and headed back to the garage where he put everything into the car.
He was about to get into the driver’s seat and head back to Innsbruck when he made the spontaneous decision not to leave just yet. Since he was already here and Liz was not, why not quickly go upstairs?

Beside their door the sign still said J. Reilley/L. Davis. It seemed weird. At the same time he wondered if Liz might have had the lock changed. But when he put his key in now, it turned just fine.
He stepped inside the flat, his throat suddenly strangely dry. Now he really felt like a criminal, even though his name was still on the door.

The air in here was really stuffy.
It smelled like smoke and like the sickeningly sweet heavy perfume Liz had started using a while ago. There had been times when he’d walked into the bathroom after she’d sprayed around with that stuff and it had almost made him gag.
Suppressing the urge to open the windows, he tried to focus. 
What had he come up here for exactly? 
He headed for the small office room and turned the PC on. There were still a few files on this computer that he wouldn’t mind having.
While it was booting up he squatted and pulled out a big ring binder from the bottom shelf beside the desk. He swiftly went through the paperwork inside, looking for his insurance policies – for the car, his bike, his additional health insurance, the legal and the accident insurance.
It had occurred to him yesterday morning, when he had called the insurance company about the car, that all his insurance paperwork was still in the flat with Lunatic Barbie.
Flipping through the binder now, he took everything out that was Liz’s and tossed it on the desk. He had just decided that he would keep the binder.
The PC was booted up by now and Joe snatched a USB stick from the cup with the pens. With a few quick swipes and clicks of the mouse he moved the folders and documents he wanted onto the USB drive. Then he shut the computer down again and left the room. 
In the entryway he opened the broom closet and took out two Ikea bags. He dropped the ring binder into one of them and added a pair of his shoes that Liz must have kicked into the broom closet. Then he headed down the hallway towards the closed bedroom door. Since he was already here, he could as well get the rest of his clothes – if they still existed.
He pulled the bedroom door open and came to a complete halt.
For a moment he just stood there, blinked, swallowed and then briefly closed his eyes. Why had he ever thought nothing could surprise or get to him anymore? 
Exhaling slowly he opened his eyes again. 
Actually, what lay before him here, wasn’t really surprising. It still made him shudder, though.
His bedding had been moved from the sofa back to the bed. The comforter cover and pillow cases had been changed to the horrible red satin-like ones that Liz had once purchased as a Valentine’s Day surprise. Even at the time he had neither liked the sheets (he hated the feel of that slippery stuff against his skin) nor what she had consequently initiated between them.
After the next row with her he had made a point of ripping those sheets off his bedding and replacing them with the navy and white striped cotton covers his Mom had given them.
Well, from the way it looked, Liz was back to using the red sheets now that he was gone.
The sheets were crumpled, half fallen off the bed – not just on what he knew was Liz’s side. He would have attributed this bedding mess to Liz’s annoying habit of hogging the bed and all the sheets and comforters she could get her hands on, but taking into account the overall bedroom scene here, he couldn’t help concluding that she must have had a guest – a guest who obviously appreciated the slippery fabric more than he ever had.
There were two empty wine glasses on her bedstand, one with her bright red lipstick on it. 
Over on what used to be his side, he spotted a small black square wrapper with a torn off edge – a condom wrapper… 
And to complete the chilling picture, there was this scarf that was kind of pulled through the slots of the wooden bed-headboard and tied to it. 
He remembered the scarf. Liz had bought it for Dad’s funeral and then made a big fuss about how that material was just too scratchy around her neck. Obviously she had found another use for it now. He refused to think this through.
Feeling slightly unbalanced, he tried to focus on his actual mission – packing some more of his stuff.
He stepped up to the closet, pushed the door open and started pulling out his clothes that he stuffed into the bag (hangers included – he needed some anyway). He loved Ikea bags for the uncomplicated packing they allowed!
Once the first bag was full, he opened the second one, threw in some shoes and a suit and then stepped around the bed to his dresser.
He was just pulling the top drawer open when he almost stepped on a tube that was lying on the floor. He bent down and picked it up. Lubricant!?! With pointed fingers he set the tube next to the empty condom wrapper and then turned away.
From the open drawer he scooped some sweaters and T-shirts into the bag, trying hard to keep his mind focused on the packing and only that. He opened another drawer and picked out two belts and a tie that he added to his collection. Finally he pushed the drawers shut and walked back around the bed where he had left the other bag.
He bent down to pick it up and suddenly spotted a yellow piece of paper – a post-it note – on the carpet. He took the few steps over and snatched it from the floor.
Written in black ink, in bold, uneven letters it said,
Lizzie, 
you were great, amazing, sexy… ♥♥♥
Bob
Joe bit down on his lower lip. He could literally feel his stomach knot at seeing this. At least – so he told himself – he wasn’t left wondering who exactly Liz had spent the night or just a few adventurous hours with. It was Bob, the loving husband of her boss Linda…
Sucking in a quick breath, he pulled his phone out of his jeans, went to camera mode, propped the note up against the stems of the two wine glasses and took two quick shots, making sure the writing was legible and the lipstick visible. Then he picked the note back up, walked over to his bedside table, took out the pen he always kept in the drawer and made his own little adjustment to the post-it note. In very small but straight blue letters:
Slut!!! 
Joe 
He leaned across the bed and placed the note on Liz’s pillow. 
He had already straightened up again, ready to take his bags and leave, when he had another idea. He snatched the note back and added another word right in front of Bob’s signature: Fantastic. (Hadn’t Liz told him that Bob was just fantastic??? Fantastic Bob, that’s what it said now!) Chuckling to himself, he replaced the note on the pillow and then stepped away from the bed. He took another picture of the whole scene and a close-up of the bedside table with the condom wrapper and the tube of lubricant. This was such a picture perfect setting… In this context he didn’t really care that he had made some little adjustments to the scene. This wasn’t a crime scene where shifting lubricant tubes from the floor to the bedside table would mean tempering with the evidence…
Finally, with a few disturbing photos taken, Joe exhaled and slid the phone back into the back pocket of his jeans. He picked up the two stuffed Ikea bags, headed out into the hallway and left. 
Back at the car he was just putting the bags into the trunk when it struck him that there was one more thing he just needed to do… 
Five minutes later he drove out of the garage, feeling strangely elated. Upstairs in the flat Spider in Spider Web, framed had been lovingly set up on Liz’s bedside table beside the two wine glasses, and was just waiting for Liz to return. Who knew, maybe Mr. Spider would even take a stroll across the red satin sheets and take a rest on Fantastic Bob’s note…
Pete’s Party
(Friday, August 23rd)

Pete pulled into one of the three disabled spots in the very front and brought the car to a jerky halt.
D pressed the fingernails of her index and middle finger against her thumb and tried to keep herself from lashing out at him. The last ten minutes in his car had already been an immense strain on her patience and her self-control, but his choice of parking spot now made it almost impossible not to stomp her foot and scream at him how much she hated his aggressive attitude behind the wheel – his jerky, reckless driving, his constant tailgating, his passing cars where he shouldn’t and his dismissive remarks about everyone else on the road. He was a tall guy who turned into a bully the moment he climbed into his oversized black vehicle – maybe due to some minority complex that this car compensated.
“Okay, then,” Pete said tensely as if they were on their way to an especially uncomfortable event.
“So, you’re seriously going to park here?” She asked through gritted teeth. She couldn’t even look at him right now. 
“There’s no one here except for people from my company,” he said in a patronizing tone. “And there’s still two free disabled spots left anyway.” He paused for a moment. “But if you’d like me to, I will of course park somewhere else. Just tell me where.” 
“Anywhere but a disabled spot, would be nice, yeah, but do what you want. It’s your car.”
With that she opened the door and slid out. And he did the same.
She knew she shouldn’t have come. Not when anything he did just agitated her like this.
She had tried to make a clean cut almost three months ago. It had taken long enough to finally work up the courage – or cruelty – to state plainly and clearly what, so far, she had only hinted at (even if very bluntly) on several occasions: that she wasn’t happy in that relationship and wanted to end it. 
She had told him on a Sunday evening when he had gotten ready to leave after having spent the weekend at her place. It had turned into real drama. He had totally lost it. He had acted as if this came totally out of the blue, with no indications beforehand whatsoever. He had ranted and whined and demanded an in-depth explanation why she felt that way – and why, all of a sudden, that was a problem. She had tried to justify it. She had pointed out that it had, by no means, been out of the blue, and that she would have thought he’d agree that staying together didn’t make any sense if one party didn’t have the right feelings anymore.
Three months later they had reached a point where Pete now kind of accepted that it was over, but insisted that they at least needed to stay friends. And every once in a while he was still questioning her decision and expressing his deep regret.
It always made her feel guilty. And it had been out of guilt that she had agreed to come to his company party with him one last time – because he supposedly didn’t know who else to ask and all his colleagues were bringing someone…
So, here they were. And even though the evening had just begun, she was already on the verge of exploding. 
She desperately needed to calm down – for her own sake and Pete’s.
She had had this ball of anger in her stomach ever since he had called her during her drive home from work this afternoon.
“I think we should meet at the Park&Ride and take my car from there,” he had said. “It would look weird if we arrived in different cars.”
“Why? What’s weird about that? We’ve arrived in different cars before – especially when I come straight from Innsbruck,” she had pointed out.
He had sighed and, in a somewhat accusing tone he had asked, “Can’t you just once do something just because I ask you to?”
“Huh? Just once? Remind me again why I am coming to this thing with you tonight? Because I desperately wanted to? You asked and I said yes.”
“Yeah, well… Thanks very much for making this immense sacrifice!”
“I didn’t say that, but… It’s not like I reject everything… But fine, I’ll come to that Park&Ride.”
“Good,” he had seemed content. “What are you going to wear?”
D had sucked in a quick breath and shaken her head to herself. They had been through this so many times. His question usually was nothing but an introduction to his telling her what he wished she would wear. 
“Maybe I’ll just wear my pajamas,” she had responded.
“Hahaha,” he had said drily. “You know how they are. They just judge you by what you wear…”
“I think I can be trusted to dress to the occasion,” she had retorted.
“Why don’t you wear the blue dress and the sandals we got on our last vacation?” Pete had suggested.
“Can I just wear what I feel comfortable in?” she had asked a little snappily, not intending to reveal to him that the blue dress he was referring to was lying in a clothes recycling container.
“Sure, you can wear whatever you feel comfortable in,” he had assured her. “I just think that blue dress would look really good…”
“Yeah well, but I just don’t feel comfortable having my boobs pushed up like that when I’m around your colleagues.”
“Why not show what you’ve got?” he had chuckled. 
“Just let me wear what I want to wear, okay?” she had grumbled.
“Okay, okay… Sorry!” He had sounded upset.
There had been a tense pause after this. Finally he had cleared his throat. “By the way,” he had said. “Why don’t you bring my stuff and I’ll give you yours, and we can get that taken care of.”
D had been momentarily speechless at the unexpectedly constructive suggestion. She had long ago given up hope to get her stuff back from him. And since it was only a few cosmetics, clothes and overnight essentials, she had decided that she could live without them.

She had arrived at the agreed Park&Ride almost fifteen minutes late. The reason had been a chocolate stain on her dress that she had only noticed when she had already been out the door on her way to her car. What had followed had been a frantic attempt to wash out the stain, which hadn’t worked, of course. Eventually, she had pulled a wrinkled dress out of her ironing pile, quickly ironed it and then struggled to find matching sandals by throwing a lot of shoes out onto her bedroom floor. She had left totally stressed out and without Pete’s stuff…
She had gotten to the Park&Ride late, and Pete had given her this tense as-a-parent-I-have-to-have-a-lot-of-patience look that she hated so much. They had hardly exchanged a word on the ride over.
As they made their way from the parking lot to the entrance of the building now, with Pete walking a few steps ahead, his back appearing even more tense and straight in this perfectly fitting, expensive suit and with his black hair cut way too short for D’s taste, she told herself once again that she needed to change her attitude – at least for this evening. She had agreed to come along, so she needed to get through this halfway gracefully. And she needed to never agree to any friendship services like this again!
When Pete came to an unexpected halt in front of her, she almost bumped into him. 
He turned around halfway, looking troubled. “I’m sorry, Danielle,” he said quietly. “It just seems like I do everything wrong.”
D neither knew what exactly he was referring to (the parking job, the drive, his mood, the invitation to this event), nor what to say in response.
“That’s not true,” she mumbled not sounding very convincing.
“I’m so glad you came tonight,” he said softly and reached out to touch her arm. “You look great…” His hand skated up to her shoulder.  “And I know you don’t want to hear it, but I missed you.”
D forced herself not to yank her arm away. “Yeah, I’d rather not hear that,” she said with a weak smile. “Makes me feel guilty.”
He smiled. “That’s not why I’m saying it. Just… let’s just be okay tonight, okay?” He took her hand and continued walking towards the entrance. 
Reflexively D stumbled on beside him, her head spinning. She wanted to pull that hand away, because leaving it there would only set a very bad precedence. When there were footsteps and voices behind them and someone called Pete’s name, though, she realized that pulling her hand away now would only cause a scene. 
And, after all, this was the last time and she could do one evening…
Pete had stopped and turned around to see who it was.
“Hi, Martin,” he said with a smile that D found a little too smiley to be real. Was this the Martin he had told her about? The one who had just started at the firm half a year ago, and who – as far as she knew – Pete didn’t really like because – how had Pete said? – Martin was a horrible bragger.
To her great relief Pete let go of her hand now and gave Martin a friendly slap on the back like a good old friend. Then he introduced them. “Martin, this is Danielle, Danielle, this is Martin. I don’t think you’ve met.”
D shook Martin’s hand. Then Martin introduced them to the woman at his side. Her name was Francine. She seemed a bit older than Martin, but nice, bubbly and almost a little underdressed, which D found both refreshing and surprising. After the stories Pete had told her about Martin, she would have expected him to arrive in a showy car (if she wasn’t mistaken they had come in the Mazda that was parked in the second row behind Pete’s car) with a glittery girl on his arm.
The four of them headed inside, crossed the lobby and the dining hall and went out to the back patio where the other guests were standing around bar tables, sipping on their glasses and chatting.
As she stepped outside, Pete and Martin chatting next to her like best friends, D spotted a few people she knew from previous events and nodded Hello to them. Pete grabbed some drinks from a tray and handed her a glass. Then he took her hand again and they went to stand at one of the free tables with Martin and Francine. A few minutes later they were joined by the head of human resources, Erica, a friendly middle-aged lady that D had met at the last Christmas party. Erica was there with her husband Tom and waved another couple over.
Soon almost everyone was immersed in small talk. Amazingly even Pete seemed to be having a good time chatting with Erica and Martin. They talked about work and some new and obviously annoying software system that had just been set up.
D glanced at Francine, who was standing next to her and who looked about as bored with the software subject as herself.
“So where do you work?” Francine asked when she realized D was looking at her.
“Oh, I work in Innsbruck,” D answered politely. ”For a company called Swan.” She had always found the job topic tiresome, but right now and in this setting it seemed like a perfectly valid small talk subject.
“In Innsbruck?” Francine seemed surprised. “You don’t commute every day, do you?”
“No, I have a place there,” D said, “Duplex kind of place.”
“Oh, so you and–” Francine paused and glanced towards Pete, obviously trying to remember his name.
 “Pete,” D helped out and was already scrambling for a viable response to what Francine was for sure going to ask.
“Right! Pete…” Francine looked embarrassed. “I’m so bad with names!”
“Don’t worry!” D laughed, finding Francine more likeable by the minute. “So am I!”
“So you haven’t known each other for long then?” Francine asked.
Reminding herself that this was the last time she was going to have to deal with things like this, D smiled. “Oh, we’ve been together for a while, but with both of our jobs and everything… it’s still kind of a weekend relationship.” Was there regret in her own voice? Wow. She really didn’t have to overdo the acting here.
Francine’s expression had turned sympathetic. “Must be hard,” she said.
Dropping her gaze, D gave a quick nod. If she were to answer honestly, of course, she would have to say that living apart had probably been the easier part. But honesty wasn’t the point at parties like this. So she just smiled and, afraid that Francine might ask follow-up questions that would require more distortions of the truth, quickly asked Francine where she worked. A little embarrassed, Francine admitted that she was currently still looking for a job in the area, as she had just moved from another town to be with Martin. She went on to talk about how Martin and she had met during a pilgrimage in France almost a year ago. The mention of the pilgrimage caught the attention of Erica and Tom and the other couple at the table, and soon everyone was talking about having been or wanting to go on a pilgrimage in France.
~~~
Forty minutes later they were in the middle of having dinner.
D was sitting at a table of six between Pete and Francine, with Erica from HR across from herself. Beside her, Pete was talking to Martin and Tom.
The food was really good and Francine was nice, talkative and entertaining (and had so far refrained from asking any more personal questions). Everything had been okay – until two seconds ago, when Francine had lightly said, “This is really such a pretty place. Can’t wait for tomorrow. You’re coming for the brunch boat ride, right?”
The question had caught D off guard. She was still trying to come up with a nice way of saying that no, unfortunately she wouldn’t be able to stay overnight, when Erica had leaned over and answered Francine’s question with a smile, “Oh, I think everyone’s signed up for that.” She was obviously pleased with the full attendance.
Baffled, D shot a quick glance over to Pete. He had fallen silent very briefly, but then quickly continued his heated conversation with his neighbors as if nothing had happened.
Her heart beating violently, D forced herself to smile at Francine and Erica and pull herself together.
“Oh, really?” She could only hope that no one noticed the trembling in her voice and her hands. “I didn’t even know. Sometimes Pete just likes to surprise me, I guess…” She managed to make it sound funny but, with a glance at Pete, who pretended to be immersed in men’s talk, she barely kept herself from kicking him under the table. Obviously he had reserved a room for the night after all. And signed them up for tomorrow’s activities.
Erica and Francine had continued their conversation about the plans for the next day. And Pete was laughing out loud at something Tom must have said.
The anger balled up in the pit of her stomach D realized that, as much as wanted to, she could hardly confront him right here and now. She couldn’t make a scene with everyone watching. She needed to get out of this arrangement, but she couldn’t yell and scream right now. So, she continued eating despite the total loss of appetite she had just suffered.
“Pete said you’re going to take a trip to Spain in November,” Erica suddenly said. D almost choked on her food. Erica was looking directly at her. 
“Oh…” It was all she could say while trying to process this and come up with some strategy.
“Tom and I just got back from Seville two weeks ago,” Erica babbled on. She was a nice woman who just wanted to make friendly conversation. “That’s kind of the area you’re going to, right?”
D gave an undecided nod-shrug with a fake smile – a reaction that Erica could read as another he’s-so-secretive-about-it-and-I’ll-just-let-him-surprise-me statement if she liked. 
“Pete kind of asked me for some tips,” Erica explained.
“Oh…” D nodded, her head spinning. Was Pete living in some parallel universe? Or did she just somehow not manage to get her point across? She had been very clear about not wanting to spend the night here and also about the need for him to cancel that vacation.
“I’ll have to tell you a few of the things I told him,” Erica said with a wink, “because I’m kind of afraid that, when it comes to shopping streets and art museums, he might not share some of the tips I gave him.”
D nodded, feeling kind of dizzy. Art museums were surely not the kind of thing Pete would forget. They were on the top of his list of things to do when on vacation, while they generally just bored her to death.
With a forced smile she listened to Erica’s recommendations for this trip to Spain that was only going to happen over her dead body.
After the main course had been cleared off the table, the conversations were interrupted by the CEO holding his celebratory speech. D didn’t really take much of it in, other than that it was a long speech that shone a light on the firm’s entire exciting 25-year past and some of the grand plans for the future. Her mind was circling around possible ways to get out of this impossible, horrible situation.
After the speech, dessert was served, and Francine and Erica got into a conversation about France. 
D kept spooning up all her dessert, feeling like a robot that just ran an automated emergency program – smile, scoop up food, lead spoon to mouth, swallow, repeat…
Beside her, Pete and the other guys had gotten caught up in a discussion about winter tires, and Pete was in his know-it-all mode. 
When the waiter came to pick up the dessert bowls and asked if he could bring them anything else, conversations – including Pete’s – were interrupted.  
Straightening up in her chair, D decided that it was now or never!
She turned to Pete. “Darling–” she said sweetly, almost choking on the word. “Darling, I think I left something in your car.” She placed a hand on his arm. “Do you mind coming outside with me for a moment?”
Pete gave her a dark look, but with so many onlookers he probably didn’t see any way to wiggle out of it. 
With a frozen smile he pushed back his chair. 
“Excuse us for a moment,” D said with a forced, sweet smile at the others and got up. Making sure that Pete was following, she headed across the dining hall, through the lobby and straight out to the parking lot. 
Pete was following a few steps behind.
At his car D stepped around to the back and leaned against the bumper. His car was always spotless, so there was no danger of getting her dress dirty. She looked up at him and shook her head. 
“What the hell is going on here?” 
“Well I’m sorry that I didn’t send out an official information about our changed relationship status,” he snapped. “I thought, just this once, we could just lean back and enjoy it.”
“Huh? Enjoy it?” D looked at him incredulously. “Enjoy what? Finding out that you obviously booked a room for us, although I specifically told you not to? Or hearing that you asked Erica for tips for a vacation that I told you to cancel months ago? Don’t tell me you still haven’t done that!” Her voice was sounding a little shrill despite all efforts to at least sound composed.
Pete gave her a stubborn look back.
“Oh, so you haven’t,” she concluded. “Isn’t that going to cost a lot?”
His expression turning hard, he shrugged. “Let that be my problem, okay?”
“Sure, fine. Your problem,” she retorted. “I guess I don’t understand the wisdom behind it, but well…”
“I thought you might still change your mind,” Pete said with an air of resignation.
Her jaws clenched, D swallowed.
He threw his hands up. “Fine. Yeah, I know I’m an idiot!”
She lowered her head and stared at the ground. 
Shook her head. 
Took a few deep breaths. “I didn’t say that… I just….” She huffed out a tense breath and started over. “I didn’t expect everyone to know that we have split up,” she said. “It’s no one’s business. But that you’re intentionally doing things that give the wrong impression.”
Pete shook his head in frustration. “Man, how I hate these discussions…”
D’s head snapped up, her eyes wide. “You hate these discussions?” She just couldn’t believe it, but then she nodded, suddenly getting it. “Oh, right,” she said slowly and a lot calmer than she felt. “I forgot you find it annoying that I never just do what you want. How dare I?”
“My God, Danielle,” he released an exasperated sigh and ran a hand over his face. “Don’t make such a scene, please!”
D gasped for air. “I’m by no means making a scene. But this is not going to work, okay? I’m not letting you trick me into an overnight stay here.” She let out an angry, little laugh, “Even if I wanted to, I didn’t bring anything! How am I supposed to –”
 “You’ve got everything you need…” he said nudging his head towards his car. “Since I brought your stuff, I would think there’s…”
D felt her jaw drop. “Oh, is that why?” 
Now his sudden eagerness to bring along her stuff made perfect sense! There was no denying that – equipped with that – she would easily have everything she needed for a few days and nights.
“You had that planned all along,” she concluded, feeling – and even sounding – a bit freaked out.
“Well, sorry, but I was kind of hoping you’d be a slightly better sport about it,” he said.
“Yeah, just do the exact opposite of what I told you and expect me to be a better sport about it!” she fumed.
“Danielle,” he said calmingly “Why is this even such a drama?” He gave an exasperated shake of his head. “It’s just me, okay. How many times have we shared a room? It’s not a big deal! And I won’t touch you, don’t worry! I know we absolutely wouldn’t want that… Even though, you can’t tell me you don’t need someone to hold you every once in a while…”
D swallowed. Talking about holding her… Involuntary her mind had flashed back a few days and pulled up the memory of Joe lying on the sofa behind her, his arm wrapped around her, his hand on her belly. She sucked in a quick breath, trying frantically to keep any feelings attached to this memory at arm’s length as it made her eyes well up. Everything having to do with Joe seemed like distant science fiction at the moment.
 “I’m not staying!” she said warily.
“God, Danielle.” Pete’s tone indicated that he thought she was being irritatingly unreasonable.
“I’m serious!” she told him, struggling not to let this feeling of guilt surface that he seemed to trigger every time. “We’re going to go in there now, I will put on a good show of how I’m suddenly not feeling well at all, and how I’ve just realized I didn’t bring the pills with me that I desperately need. I’ll make it credible, don’t worry. And then you’re going to take me back to my car within the next half an hour. And if you’ve had too much to drink you’ll ask the waiter to call me a taxi and you’ll offer to come with me, but I will insist that you stay. And you will stay… And I’ll leave it up to you to come up with some explanation which rare illness I’m suffering from.”
He let out a bitter laugh. “This is just childish.”
“Yeah, right. I am being childish!” She shook her head in disbelief. “We can do it differently too, of course. I can make a scene in there that you won’t forget and that will make everyone think they are just witnessing the horrible end of our wonderful relationship. Then I’ll call myself a taxi and that’s it. Are you getting me? This is me trying to let you save your face, okay? Because I do care about you. And I really don’t want to hurt you, but if you play games like this…” Instead of finishing her sentence, she threw her hands up.
Pete stared at her, obviously still considering another manipulative approach, then his expression turned resigned (maybe that was the manipulative approach though?) and he just said, “Fine.”
At the Pub
(Friday, August 23rd)

“So, how’s the situation at home?” Jack asked. “How’s Joe doing?”
They were sitting on a bench at a small table in the back of the pub.
The band had just left the stage for a fifteen-minute break.
Sarah shrugged undecidedly. She had no idea what to tell Jack. 
It wasn’t only the tricky subject, though. Sitting so close to him  made it a bit hard to focus. 
They had been lucky to find a place to sit at all. When they had arrived, all there had been left was this space on the bench they shared with two other people.
From the corner of her eye she saw Jack turn his head now and look at her from the side.
“I mean – I don’t know what happened Wednesday night when he and D were outside,” he said, “but he sure didn’t look happy when he came back.”
“Well, he isn’t happy, I can tell you that,” Sarah said, staring at the small table in front of her.
“How long have you known?” Jack was still looking at her. 
“What?” She picked up her glass.  
“How long have you known that there’s something going on again?” he specified, “between Joe and D. And don’t tell me you had no idea! Because I did see your face Wednesday night when you found Liz in your kitchen. You knew exactly that that wasn’t just bad, but super-bad!”
“I did know about it, yeah,” Sarah admitted and took a quick sip. “I kind of… stumbled over some evidence after the second night he’d spent somewhere else…” 
“I didn’t realize he had been gone two nights.” He was still looking at her from the side.
“Yeah,” she nodded, feeling hot. “After the grill party and then the night after that.”
“And you really think he was with D then?” Jack seemed skeptical.
“He definitely was at her place,” she insisted. “Didn’t even try to deny it.”
“Oh…”
“Well, it wouldn’t have made a whole lot of sense when he was walking around with a sweater over his arm that I had pulled out from under D’s sofa one day earlier.”
“Oops,” Jack let out a surprised laugh. “No use denying it then, you’re right! Who would have thought…?”
“Supposedly he slept on the sofa, though,” Sarah said pointedly and shot Jack a split-second look. “Both nights…”
“Oh, did he?” Jack chuckled.
“Yeah. At least that’s what they both claim independently of each other.”
“Looking at the current mess, it would probably be a good thing if he had only slept on the sofa,” Jack contemplated.
Instead of any statement Sarah just nodded gloomily.
“I can’t believe you didn’t say a word about it, though,” Jack said. “Like when we were sitting in that hotel lobby after Liz called.”
Again, she gave him a quick look. He was sitting way too close though to not get totally caught in his gaze and get very distracted.
“I was close to telling you,” she said and dropped her gaze to her hands. “But I didn’t think it would be fair to them – especially to D.”
“Yeah, I guess.” He reached for his glass, accidently nudging her with his arm in the process. 
At least he had stopped looking at her.
Sarah quickly reached for her own glass as well.
“Looks like you eventually figured it out yourself, though,” she said after a small sip.
“Yeah…” He nodded. “Just took me a bit longer. I mean, on the way to the hotel Sun said something that made me realize that the night after the grill party your brother had actually driven D home after Sun. But I figured he probably just wanted to negotiate some kind of truce for the weekend. But when he borrowed my swim shorts and you told me that D had just gone swimming…” He broke off for a moment. “I kind of assumed it was only him though.”
“Yeah. Well, it’s not,” Sarah said drily. “Or, at least, it wasn’t until Liz showed up.”
“Did you talk to her about it?” Jack asked.
“Kind of,” Sarah said. “After we’d played mini-golf.” She huffed out a dry little laugh and glanced at him. “But you know how it is…”
He laughed. “Oh, the we-can’t-talk-about-Joe thing?”
“Mhmm,” Sarah nodded. “It didn’t go to well and she decided she’d rather go and jump into the cold lake.”
Jack laughed.
“Did you talk to Joe?” Sarah asked without looking at him. 
“Yep,” Jack nodded. “That last night at the hotel after we got back from the bar. He’d gone home early, remember?”
“Yeah.”
“And so had D…”
“Mhmm.”
“Well, we ran into D in the lobby.”
Sarah looked at him and nodded.
“As it happens, your brother was not in our room when I got there. Even though he’d supposedly been soooo tired. He only turned up ten minutes later.” 
“Oh…”
“Yeah. Anyway, I told him not to mess with D again.” Of course this was a very short and censored summary of the conversation Joe and he had really had that night. Thank God Sarah couldn’t read his mind…
“That’s him being told twice,” Sarah said flatly. “Only that the current mess isn’t really his fault. It’s Liz, the stupid bitch!”
Jack nodded. “Yeah, well, she’s a real problem. I just hope we’ve seen the last of her.”
“Me too!” Sarah nodded. “But I’m actually also pissed at D, if I’m honest.”
“Why’s that?”
Sarah was tracing the emblem on her glass with her index finger. “Just the way she’s shutting me out. I sent her a text, asking if she wanted to talk or get together before she leaves for London, but–”
“She’s going to London?”
“Yeah, for some work-related thing,” Sarah said, not intending to get into the job issue now. “I mean, I fully understand that running into Liz might not be very easily to digest, but –”
“I thought her exchange with Liz was great,” Jack said.
“Yeah, sure.” Sarah let out humorless little laugh, “but it sounds like she told Joe to back off afterwards. When they were outside…” 
“Ouch.”
Sarah nodded. “I mean – I can see why her seeing Liz might not have been the greatest experience, but it wasn’t his fault that that stupid bitch showed up. And it’s not like D didn’t know about Liz.” 
She paused for a moment. 
“Anyway, the other thing Joe said, is that she’s apparently going to some party with Pete tonight…”
Jack raised his eyebrows. “I don’t get it. But I guess I don’t have to.”
“Well, I don’t get it either,” Sarah grumbled. “So that makes two of us. And my brother would probably happily join the club as well.” She irritably shook her head. “The whole thing with Pete’s just soooo annoying! It’s just… He won’t let go of her, and she’s drowning in guilt. Not a good combination. And then we have my brother sleeping on her sofa, and Liz showing up in my kitchen… It’s just... Grrrr.”
Laughing, Jack nudged his shoulder against hers. “Like I already told you at the lake: you can’t save everyone!”

Drawer Contents
(Friday, August 23rd)

Joe was watching the 10 o’clock TV news in the living room and simultaneously surfing the internet on his laptop when, all of a sudden, his mouse stopped working. He wiggled it around a bit, hoping for a reviving effect, but in vain. The cursor remained frozen on the screen.
Finally he  turned the mouse around, took out the batteries and replaced them with some he spontaneously pulled out of Sarah’s remote control for the stereo.
Immediately the little arrow on the screen came back to life. Knowing that he better not just steal batteries out of Sarah’s devices here, he returned the batteries to the remote and then headed up to his room where he thought there might still be spare batteries in one of his desk drawers. At least he had always had some there. And since nothing had changed in his room during the three years of his absence (except for the relocation of two plants to Sarah’s room), he was confident that the batteries would still be there. The question was, if they still worked.
His room was on the second floor under the roof, with a bathroom across the landing. 
Rummaging through the contents of the top drawer of his desk, he pushed aside a few pages of copied guitar music, an old notepad and postcards his parents had sent from their travels when he had still thought they were leading a happy marriage.
Eventually he found the package with the batteries, took two out and was just going to push the drawer shut again when he spotted the corners of some photos sticking out between other things.
He came to a halt and gazed into the drawer for a moment. He knew which photos these were. When he had still been living here, they had been tacked to the pin board above his desk. And then he had ripped them off after talking to Danny’s brother Robert in one last (even if just half-hearted) attempt to get her to talk to him. It hadn’t worked, of course. Even before that call he had known that it was over. And part of him had been okay with it. But it had still been a bit of a shock when Robert had told him almost apologetically that she was absolutely not going to talk to him. To vent his anger he had ripped the photos off the pin board. He didn’t remember what had stopped him from tearing them to pieces like intended, but obviously he had ended up just shoving them into the drawer.
Hesitantly he reached for them now and pulled them out. 
There were three: The first one showed the whole gang of friends gathered around a headless snowman.

Still staring at the photo in his hands, Joe took a step back and sat down on the foot end of his bed.
It had been a fun trip up the mountain in August almost exactly six years ago. 
For this photo he had come to stand right behind Danny. It hadn’t been a pure coincidence. And even if he had obviously managed to flash a perfectly cool smile at the camera, he recalled having been quite distracted at that moment – by imagining what taking a step forward and putting his arms around the girl in front of him would feel like.
He had moved back to Innsbruck from Vienna four months earlier and had absolutely hated it. After one and a half years of living away from home and enjoying the perfect freedom, it had been the most annoying and frustrating thing to find himself back under his father’s roof. The constant paternal surveillance, the fact that he had been expected to stick to all kinds of idiotic rules again and to readjust to his family’s sometimes very annoying routines and quirks. Such as having dinner at six-thirty sharp every night, rotating kitchen chores, constant questions of where he was going and where he had been, and his father’s unspoken doubt that his son was ever going to get anywhere with that computer subject he had chosen to pursue.
Those first few months until the summer holidays had been really tough. Not just because he didn’t exactly enjoy family life but also because transferring to Innsbruck University right in the middle of the term had meant adapting to a different curriculum, and trying to catch up with everything by the end of June for the yearly finals.   And failing those would have been a disaster – because it would have proved his father right.
He would have probably gone insane in these first few months, hadn’t it been for his motorcycle that he could just take off with, and for all kinds of flings he had had with all kinds of girls.  It seemed silly today, but he must have gone through five or six ‘girlfriends’ in less than three months. Sort of a recreational game…
The thing with the girls had eventually led to problems with Sarah. In well-meant attempts to get him out of the house and temporarily away from his studying, she had often urged him to come along when the gang was planning something together. He’d regularly claimed to be busy, too tired or just not in the mood. Once Sarah had figured out that, at the same time, he was not too busy or too tired to ride his motorcycle to meet with some girl, she’d gotten really ticked. Which had led to the weirdest arguments you could possibly have with your sister. 
It had been kind of annoying, because Sarah had actually developed an obsession with his love life. One scathing remark here, one acidic comment there. Sometimes he had been able to just shrug it off and ignore it, sometimes it had really set him off and they would have a little hissing match on the stairs up to her room or in the hallway outside the kitchen. And then there had been the times when Sarah intentionally initiated these rows when her new friend happened to be over.
Danny.
Unlike the rest of the gang, some of whom he had known since kindergarten, Danny had been new to him when he had moved back. She hadn’t been Danny to him at the time, of course. Mom and Dad had called her Danielle, which had seemed kind of formal; Sarah, Jack and the other friends had called her D, which had seemed like this close-friends kind of thing. The question of what he should call her hadn’t posed itself until several months later. 
Being Sarah’s friend she’d been over at the house a lot, sometimes sitting across the dinner table from him. He remembered that he’d liked having her around for dinner as she didn’t only have a nice smile, she had also brought some fresh wind into the otherwise dull or non-existent dinner conversations, and even Dad had seemed less tense and grouchy in her presence.
At the end of June of that year he had passed his exams and the summer holidays had started. His life in Innsbruck had improved considerably at that point – especially with Mom and Dad leaving for their four-week vacation and Sarah starting her summer job at the hospital.
With his own summer job not about to start until August, he had started hanging out with Jack more and had tried to cut back on the time he spent with Hannah, the July-girlfriend, who had already started getting on his nerves.
Then there had been the memorable Saturday at the end of July when he’d come downstairs for breakfast, feeling tired from being out until the early morning and agitated by a few things Hannah had said and done. He’d come downstairs and found D/Danielle sitting in their kitchen. She had been waiting for Sarah, who was caught up in an extended telephone conversation with their Californian cousin. 
Up until that day Sarah’s friend and he hadn’t exchanged a lot more than Hello’s and Bye’s and the occasional Could you pass me the salt/butter/sauce? across the dinner table. That Saturday morning, alone in the kitchen, they’d for the first time, had a one-on-one conversation and he had – out of some crazy mood – decided not to go over to Hannah’s as planned. Instead he had joined Sarah and her friend for their Saturday program. They’d gone to some place along the river where they’d met up with D/Danielle’s brother and his girlfriend for a picnic and a music event. But then, just as they had arrived there, D had started feeling really sick, and he had ended up driving her back to her dorm. 
That day he’d suddenly realized that he felt dangerously drawn to Sarah’s friend – a discovery that had absolutely terrified him. After all, he had this one strict, unnegotiable rule about dating and it said to never ever to get involved with any of Sarah’s closer friends.
Never. Ever. Period.
Sarah had already been way too well-informed about his love life as it was. Under no circumstances would he have wanted to put himself in a situation where she might actually get first hand-information on it from her best friend. And past relationships had taught him that girls discussed even the juiciest matters with their girlfriends…
Blowing out a long breath now, Joe gave the photo one last look and then slipped it behind the other two. 
The second picture showed Danny, standing next to her bicycle, shooting a questioning and slightly flirty look into the camera. He had always liked that photo, she had always found it stupid.
He gave the picture another long look, went on to the last one – a snapshot of her and him, hugging in her parent’s living room. Robert had taken this one at New Years’ Eve that year.
His attraction to her had eventually outweighed the fear that she might leak classified information to his sister (which she never had). 
The really hard part had been to get her to trust him. She had liked him. He had known that early on. But given everything she knew about his ever-changing girlfriends she had been extremely wary getting close to him.
He would have probably never had a chance with her, hadn’t it been for the motorcycle accident. Some distracted truck driver had apparently pulled out of a side street and boom! He still didn’t remember a thing. All he knew was that he eventually woke up in the hospital, his entire body hurting like hell and a very pale Sarah at his bedside. 
His motorcycle had been destroyed and he had been seriously banged up, but fortunately alive. And, contrary to what the doctors had first feared, he didn’t have any head injuries. 
It had still really, really sucked. Being stuck in that hospital bed, in pain and with his family getting on his nerves already after the second day.
Things had gotten a lot better on the third day when he had opened his eyes after a nap and found Danny awkwardly standing in his hospital room. She had been Danny to him by then…
During the two weeks he’d had to stay in the hospital she had slowly started to cave. Unexpectedly.
By December they were heavily involved, but nobody knew about it. 
After Christmas break at least her family knew, because he had shown up at their house just before New Years to see her. She had been sick with the flu and unable to travel back to Innsbruck. So he had gone there – and stayed for four days…
His family was left in the dark until a lot later, and might have stayed oblivious much longer, if there hadn’t been this horrible dinner sometime in mid-January. Danny and he had generally tried to avoid situations by that time, where she’d come over while he was there. Simply because sitting at the Reilley’s dinner table across from each other like in old times, acting innocently when you knew you’d be cuddling up in her dorm bed together a few hours later, would have just been too awkward. 
That evening Sarah had convinced her to stay for dinner, though. And she had agreed because he had supposed to be doing something with Jack. Only that Jack had cancelled and they’d therefore had to have dinner together – surrounded by his family…
He couldn’t remember what had triggered it (if anything), but Dad had started picking on him for not being home the previous evening when he had been expected to help with some silly project. 
One thing had led to another and Dad had consequently felt inspired to comment on his son’s unreliability in general and the burning question how he always found these kinds of girls to fool around with. Joe remembered biting his tongue hoping the discussion would stop if he didn’t add to it. 
But Dad had been on a roll. Probably had had a bad day at work…
Like a pit pull that had his teeth sunk into something and couldn’t let go, he had pursued the issue. Even though both Sarah and Mom were trying to make him stop. 
Unimpressed Dad had carried on and Joe remembered finally bursting out using the F-word and telling his father to mind his own business. 
Of course that had triggered a lecture on how he shouldn’t swear at the dinner table - especially when guests were present (Danny…). 
And then, returning to the initial subject, Dad had dropped some mocking remarks about how his son hopefully didn’t rely on these kinds of girls to take care of protection…
That’s when Danny had snapped. 
She had tossed her napkin onto the table, hissed ‘Shit’ and then told Dad to his face that, “Guess what. He was with me, and I’m perfectly capable of taking care of protection!”
So, that’s how his family had found out… 
Dad had been stunned, shocked and finally embarrassed. He had eventually apologized – at least to Danny. And maybe for the first time in his life, Joe had actually felt like Dad was somewhat impressed and pleased with him. 
The gang hadn’t known a thing about the relationship until he had broken it to them in a somewhat unconventional way during a weekend they all spent at a mountain cabin for Rick’s birthday.
Right from the start Danny and he had been great together. And things could have continued to be great and smooth and perfect. But then two things had happened.
The first thing that had rocked the boat had been his finding out about his father’s affair – a discovery that had literally blown him away. It had totally screwed him up for several weeks. The initial shock had soon given way to profound misery and disorientation. 
He hadn’t had the slightest idea how to deal with it, what to do about it, if to tell anyone – and who, for that matter. 
Above all he hadn’t had a clue how he’d be able to keep living in the same house with that sick bastard.
The dilemma and the tension had almost driven him crazy. He’d become irritable, withdrawn and unfair to everyone around him – including Danny. 
After several weeks of his being in a state like that, Danny had given him the choice: To either get his act together or finally tell her what was going on or call it quits. 
So he had told her. And it made all the difference. 
Things between her and him could have gone back to being great after that. But then a new problem popped up – something that, from an objective point of view, shouldn’t have been a problem at all: Things between them had simply been too perfect.
He had never been with anyone for longer than three months. Relationships had always had an expiration date. Danny and he had almost made it twice that long by then…
He had gotten cold feet. And Danny had caught it. How could she not? Especially since they had had this weird deal. He had told her early on that he didn’t do the L-word. She had been okay with it as long as he was convincing otherwise – which, at some point he simply hadn’t been anymore. Because he’d been paralyzed with fear of being trapped.
He had started boycotting the relationship. First subconsciously, then fully aware of what he was doing. All in all he had behaved like a complete jerk. 
It had gone on for three, maybe four weeks and then it had been over. Bang! Just like that. It had happened so suddenly that, at first, he hadn’t even known what had struck him. There hadn’t been much fuss or drama leading up to it, like there had been with Hannah or all the predecessors. It had simply suddenly been over. 
He had arrived at her dorm a lot later than agreed, he had mumbled some insincere apology that, just by itself, had been a provocation, and she had opened the door that he had just come through and told him that he should probably get out – and that there was absolutely no sense in dragging this out any further if he didn’t feel right about it.
He had spent the next two days trying to convince himself that he was relieved. 
He was free again – yeah! Yippee! 
Just that it had felt like crap. Her quick clean cut had left him feeling like he was missing a limb or two. A painful surprise. 
He had had girls kick him out of their lives before, so that hadn’t been anything new.  The new thing about this breakup had been that the girl had neither been bitchy nor had she clung to him desperately. She had just been there one day and told him to get out when he hadn’t appreciated that.
Now that he thought about it, he realized that she had done the same thing after he had screwed up with Liz two years later. Clean cut, no fuss, no drama, no tears. 
Only, that after Liz, he hadn’t gotten her back…
The first time he had managed to get her back. It had taken two weeks, though, and several futile calls and trips to the dorm – each of which she had countered by telling him to get lost and just find someone else to play games with. 
The thing that had finally made her change her mind had been the CD he’d burned for her. A bunch of songs that basically said all the things that he wouldn’t tell her otherwise. The L-word in all possible variations. 
She had given him another chance, and things had really gone well after that. Until – a year and a half later – when the idea for the exchange year in London had first popped up and he had gotten cold feet again – ice-cold feet.
Drawing in a long breath, Joe let the photos slide back into the drawer now and pushed it shut with his knee. He knew that somewhere in the top drawer there might still be his application for the exchange year. Definitely nothing he wanted to look at right now.
He hadn’t played fair in regard to London. She had kind of sensed it and given him more than just one chance to tell her that he was having second thoughts. Did he really want to do this? Would he rather not do it? Was there anything wrong? He had kept lying and pretending. And then he had started messing around with Liz.
Well, at the end Danny had gone to London without him. And since Pete had obviously been on some waiting list in case anyone dropped out or cancelled, Pete had gone in his place. 
Ironically, Pete had ended up not just taking his place in the exchange program but also with her.
Stepping away from his desk now, Joe leaned his head back. 
Stupid fucking Pete! It was Friday night. Pete’s company party was probably in full swing by now. Maybe some dancing?  Why not? They were still friends… Peeete and her. 
He could feel his jaws ache from clenching them so hard.
Just imagining Pete’s arms slung around her…
This whole being-friends-with-Pete thing and her still spending quality time with that weasel was driving him up the wall. Because it indicated that Pete was still a player here. Why else would you want to stay friends after you broke up other than because you’re not entirely sure? 
Joe massaged his temples. What about himself, though? Did he still consider himself a player? After Wednesday night, did he even still want to be? She had told him to back off, and she had said that she didn’t even know who he was anymore… What more did he need?
Chewing on his lower lip, he exhaled. She had also said that she needed to think – about everything. He hadn’t given that part of their unpleasant conversation a lot of attention so far, but maybe he should. Because even though it was hard to tell where that thinking about everything would get her, and even though the pure thought of her thinking made him uneasy, it might actually mean that not all was lost.
Besides, he should probably do some thinking himself…

Jealousy Approach Backfiring
(Friday, August 23rd)

“You like her?” Sarah asked. 
They were on their walk back from the pub.
She had contemplated asking this question for an entire hour now while the music had been playing and Jack had been sitting so close to her. 
“What?” Jack turned to her and gave her a questioning look. “Do I like who?”
“Wendy,” she said like it was self-evident. “Do you like her?” 
Beside her, Jack frowned and slowed down a bit. 
After two glasses of Guinness his mind was not as quick as he would have liked. Her question had come somewhat unexpected. He had wanted to make her a bit jealous earlier, but the plan had not included her flat-out asking him things like this. If it had been, he would have consumed only non-alcoholic beverages and would have had a good strategy how to handle this. As it was, his brain was clouded, and he had no strategy at all.
“Like her as in ‘Do I want to go out with her?’ ” he asked slowly.
Sarah rolled her eyes. “Yeah, if that’s what you wanna call it…” The way she said, clearly indicated that ‘going out’ had not exactly been what she had meant.
“I hardly know her,” Jack claimed vaguely, well aware that this was not an answer to her question.
“I mean, she’s pretty,” Sarah contemplated. “And very imaginative, from what I can tell…” Her tone was a little too sweet.
“Yeah, well…” Jack shrugged and ground his teeth. Maybe leaving the manuscript out without knowing its steamy content had not been the smartest move.
“How old is she anyway?” she asked.
“I have no idea…” he answered. “But if you desperately need to know, I’ll ask her for you next time I see her.”
“Like when she needs to borrow olive oil next time? Or when she cooks for you?” Sarah smiled.
Jack gave her a puzzled look. He couldn’t quite tell if she was jealous, or if she was just making fun of him. His brain felt a little paralyzed, and women were hard enough to figure out in a sober state.
“I was just wondering,” Sarah carried on lightly. “She seems a little older.”
“She’s not that old,” he countered, not even sure why.
“Well, maybe she just looks old,” Sarah said with a shrug.
Jack stopped walking. Turned to face her.
She stopped too. Gave him a challenging look.
“Okay,” he said with some exasperation, “before this gets any weirder now… As far as I remember, the initial question was if I like Wendy. The answer is, no, she’s actually getting on my nerves, but I am a very nice guy, so I won’t show it.”
Sarah laughed. “Yeah, that’s very nice of you! And maybe you don’t want to totally push her away. After all, that manuscript of hers reads like a menu of all the services she’s willing to offer…”
Jack rolled his eyes. “Then let me get back home quickly, so I can read it more thoroughly.”
He continued walking.
“Sorry,” Sarah caught up with him. “Don’t be upset, okay? I was just asking because…” She shrugged. “Joe said–” 
She fell silent when she saw Jack falter. 
“What?” There was an incredulous, little cough. “What did Joe say?”
“Well – ahm…” Sarah was stunned by the abrupt and dramatic change in climate. “He said that you’ve met someone…” She was trying for a light, joking tone, but her throat felt terribly tight all of a sudden.
“Your brother is a real idiot,” Jack announced, walking faster now.
“Oh, so he just made it up?” Sarah couldn’t help feeling relieved.
Jack exasperatedly shook his head. “No. But…” He threw out a hand.
“Was for his ears only, huh?” Sarah concluded flatly. “Just between you and him.”
Jack gave her an uncomfortable look. “Sarah, you’re really reading way too much into this.”
“Yeah, right.” She knew it was obvious now that she was pissed that Jack had confided in Joe about something he didn’t want to discuss with her. 
“It’s not just between him and me,” Jack claimed, “but… I don’t know…Can we maybe talk about this some other time?” 
“Sure.” 
Sarah kept walking next to him in sort of a haze. 
“Sorry I brought it up,” she muttered. “I kind of thought with us being friends you’d… well – I guess talking to Joe is still easier – from man to man.” She let out a chuckle that sounded hollow. 
Jack swallowed at the mention of friends.
“Anyway,” Sarah said bravely. “I’d be happy for you.”
Jack blew out a tense breath through gritted teeth. Perfect. Excellent! What more could he possibly wish for?
“Sarah, I really don’t want to –“ 
“Yeah, I get it,” she interrupted irritably, “You really don’t want to talk about it with me. That’s fine.” She shot him a quick look from the side. “Sometimes you’re just so much like my brother…” 
It’ll be okay/ Relax/ Can I still come over?
(Friday, August 23rd)

The drive home took D about twenty minutes. It was twenty minutes spent struggling to stay focused on the road rather than on the disastrous evening she had just had. 
Pete had driven her back to her car after she had put on a good show in the dining hall, claiming that she wasn’t feeling good at all and that she had unfortunately forgotten the pills she should be taking in such a case. She had avoided specifying the exact nature of her medical issues and had expressed her regret at not being able to enjoy the rest of the evening and the boat ride tomorrow. Then they had left.
Pete had been pale and very quiet during the entire ride, and she had almost felt sorry for him – especially when he had trailed behind a slow-moving, banged-up vehicle in an acceptable distance without trying to pass even once. He clearly hadn’t been quite himself. 
At her car he had gotten out, fished the bag with her stuff from his trunk and, after a few tense seconds, had apologized, sounding sincere and crushed. 
“I didn’t mean to make you feel like I don’t care what you want,” he had claimed. “I just – I guess I just really wanted us to spend some time together after I hadn’t seen you for so long. Maybe I thought it would change things…”
She hadn’t known what to tell him. 
He had started fiddling with his keys and eventually wrestled a key from the ring – the key to her front door that she had given him two years ago. 
She had taken it, a big lump in her throat, and seriously wondering if she might have overreacted earlier. 
Pete had asked if it would be okay for him to get in touch with her the next time he was in Innsbruck – just so he could pick up his stuff and they could get that over with. She had told him to just send her a text or give her a call. 
Finally, he had stiffly wished her a safe drive home, climbed back into his car and driven off. 

Unlocking her front door now, D felt miserable. She repeated to herself that she hadn’t really had a choice, and that her reaction at dinner hadn’t been cruel but perfectly justified. Sarah would agree with her. Sarah would be proud of her for putting her foot down. 
Or not? 
Somehow the thought of Sarah didn’t have quite the reassuring effect she had hoped for. Mainly because Sarah would, before anything else, surely want to know how a situation like tonight’s could have ever occurred in the first place. ‘So you agreed to this? To come to his stupid party with him? And you didn’t see this coming? I mean, seriously, D, it doesn’t take a rocket scientist… I just don’t believe this! And then you forgot to bring along his stuff? You still didn’t give him his crap? So you’ll soon be seeing him again? My God, D… You really can’t be helped!’
 Slipping off her sandals in the entryway, D could almost hear it…  ‘And tell me again where my brother spending two nights on your sofa fits into all that?’ 
Feeling her throat tighten at this last thought, D sucked in a deep breath and walked across the living room straight over to the two big paper bags containing Pete’s stuff. She grabbed the handles and transported the bags into the spare room where she intended to keep them until Pete picked them up.
Exhausted and, for the hundredth time, cursing herself for having forgotten Pete’s bags at home, she went to the bedroom and took her pajamas out from under her pillow. As she unzipped her dress and stepped out of it, she glanced at the side of the bed that Pete had used to sleep on during his weekends here. And she realized that, no matter how bad she felt about the confrontation she had had with him tonight, it was nothing in comparison to how bad she would feel if she had caved and stayed at the hotel with him. She would be lying awake all night, listening to him breathing, her stomach cramped with anger at herself and at him – and a sense of total resignation at her inability to ever end this. And there was a very good chance Pete wouldn’t have stayed on his side of the hotel bed… 
She headed to the bathroom and washed her face. 
Then she took her electric toothbrush out of the mirror cabinet and squirted toothpaste on it. She pushed the start button and nothing happened. Yeah, right. The battery light had been blinking for at least two days. Now it was definitely dead. Time to finally charge it! 
She turned to the cup that held her regular toothbrush to use it instead, but then she came to a sudden halt.  In the cup with her toothbrush was the green one Joe had used last week after the grill party.
Her chest tightened as a few of the memories caught up with her now. Joe making her dance with him; the kiss on the counter; his tired face when she had handed him the toothbrush; his shuffling into the bathroom with it…
She swallowed hard. And there also seemed to be something in her eyes… 
With trembling fingers she took her toothbrush from the cup, scraped its head against that of the electric one to transfer the toothpaste and started brushing her teeth. 
Thoroughly. 
Like in the commercials. 
Making lots of foam. 
Concentrating on the proper movement. 
Brushing teeth was important. Yes! Brush. Rinse. Spit. 
Then rinse toothbrush… 
When she was done, she placed the toothbrush on the sink. She couldn’t put it back into the cup under any circumstances. She couldn’t bear to look at that green toothbrush anymore tonight… 
She went to bed, hoping that she would be able to quickly fall asleep. She was tired. Very tired actually. But her mind wouldn’t stop returning to the green toothbrush, making it impossible to fall asleep.
She was squirming under her covers; breathing heavily; desperately wishing she could turn that thinking machine off.
Somehow, seeing Pete today, the less than pleasant development of this evening and the pure fact that, even when Pete was nice and sweet and attentive, he annoyed her to no end, had put into perspective some other things…
Things regarding Joe.
Did it really matter that he had been with Liz? What difference did it make what had happened years ago? As long as he was back now...
She suddenly wished she could just call him. Tell him whatever, but mainly retract all the crap she had told him two evenings ago – such as that she wasn’t sure who he was anymore. Why in the world had she said that? It just wasn’t true. That, and that she wanted him to back off…
Thinking about him, made it hard to breathe. 
She had been so incredibly stupid! 
She closed her eyes and saw his face. His smile. His eyes… A giant lump was rising in her throat as she remembered the way he’d touched her arm at the car.
Lying stiffly in her bed, she suddenly felt this desperate need to jump out of bed and get her phone. Call Joe. And somehow make it better…
But she couldn’t just wake him up in the middle of the night and tell him that, hey, after going out with Pete, she was suddenly very sorry.
Closing her eyes, she tried to control herself. She felt a tear roll from the corner of her eye over her temple onto her pillow. 
She so wanted to hear his voice! She could almost hear it. A sleepy, slightly sarcastic voice saying, “Hey, how nice of you to call in the middle of the night to tell me that backing off is cancelled, but couldn’t you just have told me tomorrow?”
By that time she’d be too choked up to speak. And unlike Pete, who had no sense whatsoever for her emotional state, Joe would get it. Somehow he almost always did. 
‘Danny… you need to relax. Okay?’ And then: ‘Or do you want me to come over?’
In her bed D drew in a deep breath. Somehow, just imagining this had made her feel a little better. If she did call Joe now, there was a good chance he’d say all those things. And she just knew that he’d end up coming over. And he definitely wouldn’t sleep on the sofa then…
It brought a weak smile to her face and the need to call him right this moment subsided. He was probably sound asleep. She shouldn’t wake him up. She could call him tomorrow. They’d be alright.
After Midnight
(Very early Saturday, August 24th)

Joe’s bedroom; 1:15 am
Joe was pulled out of his sleep by his mobile phone ringing. 
At first he didn’t really know it was his phone, of course. He was sound asleep and dreaming about being in the flat he had lived in with Liz. He was sleeping on the sofa and from the bedroom he could hear the alarm clock going off. It wouldn’t stop. And Liz, who was in the bedroom, wouldn’t turn it off.
He was so tired. And all he wanted was to sleep some more. He really didn’t want to get up and walk into the bedroom to turn the alarm off himself. Going into that bedroom would only prove what, so far, he had only been suspecting - that Liz was in there, messing around with someone else…

Eventually he had woken up. Really woken up. 
In his room. 
In Innsbruck. 
And he had realized that it wasn’t Liz’s alarm, but his phone on the bedside table that was making the noise. 
Still not quite awake, he reached for it. 
It was Liz calling…
Groaning, he quickly pushed the button to turn off the phone and dropped it on the bed beside him. 

D’s bedroom; 1:25 am
D had been tossing and turning for several hours now, with only a few short episodes of restless sleep. There had been some blurry dreams – Pete whining about her being so hostile; Joe slamming the car door shut and walking away; Pete showing up at her doorstep with a suitcase he had packed for her so they could go on vacation together; Joe’s Volvo pulling around the corner just as she climbed into Pete’s car.
All in all, a bunch of very unpleasant dreams the exact meaning of which she didn’t really want to analyze. 
Huffing out a resigned breath, she flopped onto her back and stared up into the darkness. 
She so wanted to go to sleep! Without dreams…
Suddenly she remembered the package of melatonin pills. She and Robert had bought them during their summer trip to Sweden a few years ago, and as far as she remembered, the pills had really helped them go to sleep even during midsummer night.
She climbed out of bed and retrieved the pills from her medicine cabinet. The package showed a long-nosed, snoozing cartoon character in a hammock. She pulled out the blister pack. There were four pills already missing. She pushed one out and took it with milk right out of the carton.  
Then she headed back to bed.

Joe’s bedroom; 1:55 am
Joe turned over in his bed, for what seemed to be the twentieth time since turning off his phone. He was wide-awake now – with little to no hope of going back to sleep anytime soon. Especially since his mind had started circling around Danny. 
When the phone had rung earlier – and once he had realized that it was his phone ringing – there had been this brief flash of hope that the call might be from her. Stupid, of course!
He closed his eyes and tried to block out the thoughts that kept trickling in now – of her slipping under his blanket on her sofa last week, of her brushing back a strand of hair from his forehead, her fingertips trailing down from his eyebrows to his nose, then over his lips, waiting for the alligator to attack. And then the kiss. He swallowed as he remembered that.
Grinding his teeth, he directed his thoughts to the last conversation they had had at her car. Particularly the part where she had claimed she needed to think. 
Maybe all that would come out of it was her deciding that everything she had let happen since the grill party had been a huge mistake. 
But even if she came to the conclusion that she would still like to have him around, it seemed highly unlikely that she’d just contact him and tell him so.  Knowing her, she’d rather die than do that. Her pride would surely get in the way.
Blowing out some air, Joe realized that he might just want to stop her thinking process and try to make her snap from a post-Liz-sighting mindset to a Let’s-do-some-experiments-on-the-sofa mindset.
He even already had some vague ideas how to accomplish that – some of them highly unorthodox, of course. Those were the best ones!
Suddenly feeling very inspired, he smiled to himself. Maybe he’d just pay her a visit after breakfast…
Saturday Morning Breakfasts
(Saturday, August 24th)

D was woken up at 6:25 am by the noise of a message coming in on her mobile phone. Immediately wide awake and with her pulse racing, she grabbed the phone from her bedside table. 
She could literally feel her heart plummet when it turned out to be a message from Pete. 
Danielle,
I still feel horrible for last night. Kept me awake till 2. 
I’m really sorry. 
I’ll get in touch next week about picking up my stuff. 
Pete
Growling to herself, D let her hand with the phone sink onto the bed and turned over.
~~~
Joe had woken up at 6:20 am – way before his usual time. As soon as he had opened his eyes, his mind had darted back to his nocturnal epiphany that he should pay Danny a visit this morning and ignore her instructions for him to back off. 
Somehow, after a few hours of sleep, the whole idea didn’t seem quite as excellent anymore this morning. And the thought that she had spent the last evening with Pete, and how that might have turned out, didn’t help at all. He had a vivid imagination. Unfortunately…
~~~
Still in bed, D flopped on her back again, feeling increasingly tense and anxious. She needed to call Joe. The sooner the better. Get it over with. 
With a glance at the alarm clock that showed 6:40 now, she decided that it was still too early. Maybe she should get up and iron some things she needed for London. She could start packing too. Just to pass the time. And she might want to figure out what she actually intending to say to him.
~~~
Joe was sitting at the kitchen table, munching his breakfast and trying to read the paper. 
It was 6:40 am. 
The radio on the counter was playing, and Sarah wasn’t up yet. He hadn’t heard her return last night, so she must have gotten home late. 
He flipped to the next page of the newspaper and took a sip of coffee. He was really trying hard to stay focused here. On the newspaper and nothing else. At least for right now.
His mind had already trailed off, though, and started reviving the idea of going over to see Danny this morning. Why not? It had seemed like a good idea last night. He wanted to see her… or not? 
~~~
D had been ironing and then packing for a while. 
It was 7:20 now, and she was just carrying the ironing board back to the spare room. On the way out, she grabbed the pile of freshly ironed clothes from the coffee table and took them to the bedroom. Some she placed in the suitcase that sat on her bed, the rest she distributed between the armoire and the dresser. 
She was almost done packing. There wasn’t much space left in the suitcase. Just enough for her toiletry case and a hairdryer (as the hotels usually only supplied the real gutless kind). 
With a quick glance at her watch she decided that it was still too early to call Joe. She would wait another half hour. She could have a shower in the meantime and eat some breakfast. Her stomach had been growling for a while now anyway. It was doubtful how much she’d be able to eat before that call, but she should probably try. 
~~~
At 7:50 am Joe pushed the last piece of bread into his mouth and wiped his hands over the plate. Then he folded the newspaper in half and, his plate and coffee cup in hand, pushed back his chair to get up. That’s when something in the newspaper caught his eye and made him stop short: A swan logo in one of the job ads.
He set the dishes back down on the table and pulled the newspaper closer. 
The swan logo… 
This was the company Danny worked for, right? He had seen the swan logo on a flyer she had had on her fridge. 
Leaning on the table, he scanned through the ad, then read it again – this time more thoroughly. It was for a job in London. 
A weird feeling creeping up on him, he sat down again, pushed the dishes aside and unfolded the newspaper again. The job ad referred to an article about Swan in today’s business section. 
After impatiently going through almost the entire newspaper, he finally found that article. It included a short summary on the company’s history and an interview with Harry Swanson, the company’s CEO.
According to this, Swan&Co was a successful mid-sized company that Harry had founded together with his brother fifteen years ago. They had 35 employees in Innsbruck and three in London. Harry was quoted as saying that the London unit, as he called it, was headed by his brother David and had just moved to a bigger office space due to expansion plans that included hiring a few more people. The plan was to handle more of the export directly from London. 
In one of the last paragraphs Harry said: Ideally one or two of our export staff from Innsbruck would relocate to London for a two-year period and help build up the export department there. We’re going to be hiring at least two additional people, maybe three, depending. 
Glaring at these words, Joe felt like someone had shoved him under an ice-cold shower. He wasn’t sure what Danny’s job description was exactly, but he did know that it had something to do with exports. And no matter how hard he tried, he just couldn’t get rid of the feeling that her leaving for London on Sunday had something to do with this job ad.
~~~
Sarah lay awake in her bed, eyes wide open, gaze fixed on an uneven spot on the ceiling, and her ears tuned to Joe stomping up to his room. 
It was almost eight now, and she had been awake for nearly an hour. A while ago the smell of coffee had seeped into her room, but she had stayed in bed and waited. 
 She realized that she wouldn’t be able to avoid her brother all day, but she didn’t think she could handle a light breakfast conversation about her evening with Jack right now. In fact, the pure thought of the exchange Jack and she had had on the way back to her car made her throat tighten. 
It had been the most embarrassing talk she had ever had with a guy in her entire life.
Right now she had no idea how she’d ever be able to face Jack again. She could tell him all she wanted how happy she’d be for him. The fact was – and he probably sensed it – that she was not. Whoever that woman was, she hated her!
~~~
Eight o’clock: Brushing his teeth in his bathroom upstairs, Joe glared at his reflection in the mirror. Had he not had the toothbrush between his teeth, he might have clenched his jaws.
He had been such an incredible idiot! Lying there in his bed last night, feeling all cozy, fluffy – and planning how to get her back… 
Ha! Thank God he had come across that article! What a revelation! Without that, he might have made a total fool of himself. 
Spitting out the toothpaste, he briefly closed his eyes, his hand clamped around the toothbrush. This whole thing about her having to think had just been a maneuver to distract from the fact that the thinking had been done long ago, and the decisions had been made. She was going to take a job in London.
~~~
Sitting on her sofa – in jeans and a red T-shirt, her hair washed and half her breakfast still on her plate, D drew in a deep breath and took her phone from the coffee table. It was exactly eight o’clock now. Time to make this call…
She scrolled through the contacts until she found Joe’s name.
After a quick deep breath and a short moment of hesitation, she pressed call and put the phone against her ear. 
The call went straight into voice mail, without it ringing even once. 
Her pulse deafening in her own ears, she listened to Joe’s voice saying, ‘Hi, you’ve reached Joe Reilley. I can’t take your call right now, but please leave a message and I’ll get back to you as soon as I can.’
Feeling winded, D ended the call.
~~~
Joe had just returned to his bedroom after brushing his teeth and decided to call his Mom and find out what she wanted to do about getting together the next day. 
He took his phone, which was still lying turned off on the bedside table, and turned it on. 
As expected, the symbols for missed calls and text messages popped up immediately. Liz was so predictable… 
He decided to treat himself to at least one of her messages since he was actually curious what Liz had to say about his visit to the flat.
The message read:
You’re one sick asshole! How dare you!?!
If you want anything from the flat, you schedule that with me!
I will have the lock changed.
I hate you! 
Liz  
Somewhat disappointed that she had neither mentioned Spider in Spider web, framed, nor the loving note from Fantastic Bob that he had tampered with, Joe considered sending her a text back, inquiring about that – just to tick her off. But then he dropped the idea. Somehow he wasn’t really up to playing games right now, and it wasn’t worth it either. 
He clicked to the missed calls list next, ready to delete them all. Liz had tried to call… five times. He faltered. No, only four times. The last call on the list wasn’t from Liz. It was from Danny. 
He stared at the screen and scraped his teeth over his lower lip. Somehow his stomach suddenly felt as if he had had rocks for breakfast.
He swallowed hard, his mind whirling.
His thumb was itching to immediately initiate a return call. He held himself back though.
It would take a while to get this into his head – and his heart – but he absolutely couldn’t call her. Or see her. He needed to stay very far away from her!
He released a tense breath.
Then he cleared the missed calls and called his Mom.
Evening with Jack
(Saturday, August 24th)

“Hi there.” Joe sat down across from Jack. They had spontaneously met at the pub after Jack had called and suggested it.
“How was last night?” Joe asked after telling the young waitress what he wanted to drink.
“Not so great, I’m afraid,” Jack said, “I mean, the music was good, of course, but the rest…”
“Which rest? Sarah?”
“Yeah.” Jack slowly nodded, his eyes on the table. 
“How come? What did you do?”
Jack coughed. “What did I do? Maybe we should start with what did you do?”
“Huh?” Joe looked puzzled.
Jack smiled unhappily. “You know, I only told you that… well, that I like Sarah so you wouldn’t kill me thinking I’m getting in your way with D…” He fell silent for a moment when he saw Joe’s expression turn hard at the mention of D. 
“Well, anyway… I actually thought this would stay between you and me. I didn’t really expect you to turn around and tell Sarah.”
Joe frowned. “What? I didn’t tell Sarah that you’ve got a thing for her.”
Jack shook his head. “Well, maybe you didn’t go quite that far, but she knows that there’s someone. And that’s–”
“Well, I kind of dropped a few hints, yeah,” Joe admitted, his tone a little defensive now. “But that was mainly to see how she takes it. A little test. To support your cause…”
“Yeah, thanks a lot,” Jack said drily. “As a result she flat-out asked me yesterday if I like Wendy.”
“Who’s Wendy?” 
“My neighbor,” Jack answered.
“O-kay.” Joe was confused.
“Remember when you recommended that I make Sarah a bit jealous?”
Joe nodded, his expression indicating that he was still lost. 
“Well, I did that,” Jack reported. “Left a manuscript lying around, that Wendy had given me. Got lucky enough to have Sarah come up to my door right when Wendy was borrowing some vinegar…”
Joe raised his eyebrows.
“I just wanted her to maybe get a bit jealous,” Jack said. “I mean – Sarah. But then that manuscript turned out to be a slightly pornographic novel and…” 
Joe raised his eyebrows higher. 
“I can lend it to you if you want…” Jack offered with slight irritation. “Wendy needs an – and I quote – unbiased guy anyway, to confirm that she got the male perspective right. So, if you’d like to take on that responsibility, be my guest!”
Joe defensively waved a hand. “No, thanks. Sounds extremely tempting, but thanks. And who knows if I’d even be unbiased enough.” He took his glass and took a swig. “So, Sarah met your Wendy…”
“She’s not my Wendy…”
 “No, of course not,” Joe couldn’t help chuckling, but turned serious again as soon as he saw Jack’s expression harden. “Anyway, what happened that was so traumatizing?” 
“Like I already said, Sarah flat-out asked me if I like Wendy.” Jack didn’t seem pleased that Joe appeared to have missed this earlier or hadn’t taken it seriously enough.
“Right, you already said that,” Joe said quickly. “Sorry.” He rubbed his chin.
Jack gave him a dark look.
“Well, what did you say?” Joe asked cautiously.
“I had had two Guiness by that time, and I wasn’t really up to the task, alright?” Jack retorted. “Especially when it turned out where the question was coming from. She said that you had told her that there was someone. And it was almost like – why hadn’t I told her when I had told you…”
Joe grimaced uncomfortably. 
“What was I supposed to do?” Jack went on, “I mean – I told her it’s not Wendy. No idea if she even believed it or not. In any event, she told me in the course of the following really awkward conversation how happy she’d be for me.” Jack broke off and smiled an unhappy smile. “Nice huh? I kind of tried to kill the topic by saying I didn’t want to talk about it right then. That upset her, of course, because I obviously didn’t have a problem talking about it with you…”
“You should have just grabbed her and kissed her,” Joe said with a little smirk.
Jack growled. “Yeah, that’s exactly what you would have done, I’m sure. And it’s not like it didn’t cross my mind. But can you even imagine what that would have turned into?” He paused for a moment, then shrugged. “Well, maybe I should have just done it, who knows. It would have at least kept her from telling me again how happy she’d be for me and, how – with me and her being friends, I should be able to just tell her things as important as this.”
Joe blew out a sympathetic breath. “Friends, huh?” 
“Mhmm. Great, isn’t it? And she’d be just so happy for me…”
“Bullshit!”
“Whatever!” Jack gave a dismissive shake of his head. “She also told me I remind her a lot of her brother….” 
Joe couldn’t help laughing at that. “Now, that must have really hurt,” he chuckled. “You really wouldn’t wanna be compared to him!”
“You bet I wouldn’t,” Jack had to keep himself from grinning now. “Because let’s face it, her brother is really an idiot and he’s incapable of keeping a secret!”
Joe chewed on his lower lip. “Yeah, sorry.  Really. I only wanted to wind her up.”
“I know,” Jack nodded. 
“I did it for you,” Joe said theatrically.
“Yeah nice, but…”
“I guarantee you that she’s not cool about you and someone else,” Joe said.
“And you know that how?” 
“These are the results of my evil little tests!”
“Great. How can I ever thank you? Just do me a favor, Joe, okay? Keep out of it in the future.”
“Yeah. I’ll do that,” Joe nodded. Then he laughed. “Actually – now you really do sound like Sarah’s brother…”
~~~
“Dammit!” D slammed the phone on the sofa beside her and briefly closed her eyes. 
Her pulse was racing and the already familiar “Hi, you’ve reached Joe Reilley…” was still ringing in her ear. 
This time the call had not gone straight to voice mail. There had been three rings at first and only then his voice mail message had come on.
She leaned forward, her elbows on her knees, and gloomily stared at the carpet.
The call had been rejected. Intentionally. 
Taking a deep breath, she told herself she shouldn’t read more into this than it might be. Maybe he was somewhere where he couldn’t talk. And maybe he would call her back later. Only that, with twelve hours already having passed since her first call, she wasn’t sure he’d call back at all.
~~~
 “Are you okay?” Jack asked with a perplexed look over at Joe.
They had just been talking about some weird customer Jack had dealt with at the car dealership recently, when Joe’s phone – which had been lying on the table face-down – had started ringing. 
Jack had interrupted his story to give Joe a chance to pick up. But then Joe had just pressed the side button on the phone, his expression hard.  
“Are you okay?” Jack asked.
“Sure,” Joe said curtly.
“You didn’t even look who it was,” Jack noted.
“Yeah, well – might spoil my evening if I did…”
“Liz?”
Letting out a humorless chuckle, Joe shook his head. “Not necessarily, no.”
Jack frowned. “Do you wanna tell me what’s going on?” he asked.
Joe shook his head. “Not really,” he said with a cheerfulness that could only be fake. He reached for his glass, took a sip, his eyes firmly on the base of the glass that he was twisting around on the coaster.
Suddenly his eyes flashed up again “Do you wanna hear something funny?” 
“Sure.” A little hesitantly, Jack nodded. “Something funny would be good…” 
“I was over at the flat Friday night,” Joe said. “Picked up some stuff…”
Jack’s eyes widened. “I thought you weren’t going to–”
“I wasn’t planning to,” Joe corrected. “But… Well, I realized that I at least want my bike back. So I got it. And some other stuff. Made sure that she wasn’t home, though…”
“Well, I’m glad to hear that,” Jack said with a trace of sarcasm. “And there’s a funny story in this?” 
Joe shrugged. “I think it’s funny, at least. Here.” He picked up his phone and tapped on the display a few times, also getting rid of the message of a missed call. “You have to see this.” He handed the phone to Jack.
A little warily Jack took it. He glanced at the display for a moment, and then gave Joe a questioning look. “An empty picture frame?”
“Ever think of getting your eyes checked, Jack?” Joe reached over and zoomed in on the picture. 
“That’s Mr. Spider in Spider web, framed,” he announced.
“I see,” Jack said, checking Joe’s expression for signs of insanity before glancing back to the picture.
“I left that on her nightstand…” Joe grinned. “Found it in the basement and I thought – it’s such a nice little gift. Hope Mr. Spider didn’t climb out of his frame, but even if he did, maybe he crawled under her sheets…” 
“That is kind of funny.” A grin was spreading across Jack’s face.
“And she deserves it, too, believe me,” Joe said. “Go to the next picture and you’ll fully agree. She’s still spending quality bed time with her boss’s husband, good old Fantastic Bob…”
Looking a little pained and clearly wondering what kind of proof he might get to see if he did go to the next photo, Jack rubbed his nose. 
“Don’t worry,” Joe said cheerily, “It’s not half as X-rated as your neighbor’s book!” He took the phone from Jack and swiped his finger over the display. 
“Here. This one and the next two.” 
Jack took the phone. Once he got a proper glimpse of the close-up of Bob’s post-it note, his eyebrows snapped together. “Holy Shit!” he muttered and scrolled to the next photos. “Wow… That Bob guy must be a complete idiot.” 
Joe shrugged. “Yeah, well – he hasn’t known her long enough, obviously. Or the sex is so good that he doesn’t notice anything strange. Calls her Lizzie…”
“No, that’s not what I meant,” Jack said, shaking his head. “But no halfway intelligent cheater would leave handwritten notes signed with his real name in the home of his mistress. That’s just plain stupid! Especially if the mistress knows the wife.”
Joe let out a surprised little laugh. “That’s a very good point. I hadn’t even looked at it that way yet.”
Hope you know what you’re doing…
(Sunday, August 25th)

It was a little after nine in the morning, the sun was up, the ground was still moist, the birds were singing and Sarah had just reached the steeper part of the path leading up to the viewpoint.
She had woken up early and decided to just have a quick, light breakfast and then leave the house before Joe could appear in the kitchen and possibly share with her the newest he might have found out about Jack and his new flame last night. She really didn’t want to hear it.
A morning walk and fresh air would do her good…  
When her phone suddenly rang in the pocket of her jacket she first thought it might be Joe, looking for her.
But the call turned out to be from D.
Sarah frowned, not quite sure what to expect. She hadn’t heard from D since the short messages they had exchanged on Thursday – about D neither wanting to meet nor talk.
“Hello D!” she said as cheerfully as she could.
“Hi, Sarah!” D almost sounded as if she were mirroring Sarah’s tone.
“How are you?” Sarah asked.
“Good,” D claimed, “I’m good. How are you?” 
“Oh, I’m fine.” Sarah said, struggling to keep up the light tone. “Just walking up to the viewpoint…”
“Oh, really?” D sounded surprised. “Still kind of early…”
“Yeah, I just couldn’t sleep anymore,” Sarah said. “What about you? Are you done packing yet?” 
“Yeah, I’m done. We’re leaving today, so I better be packed.”
“When is your flight?” Sarah asked.
“At two.”
“Oh, okay. When are you getting back?”
“Thursday afternoon.” 
There was a short moment of silence. 
Sarah was still not sure where the conversation was going and why D had called in the first place.
On her end, D was trying to fight the feeling that Sarah’s friendliness sounded a little forced, almost as if there was some underlying anger.
“I’m sorry I didn’t call earlier,” she finally said. “I just – there was a lot going on…”
“No problem,” Sarah retorted, trying hard not to sound snappy. There had been a lot going on in D’s life lately… Yeah, no kidding. With Pete’s stupid party and all.
“What have you guys been up to?” D asked. 
“Oh, this and that,” Sarah said, wondering if this was D’s way of asking about Joe. If it was, she’d have to be a little more specific! “On Friday Jack and I went out to the Irish pub where Rick’s cousin’s band plays.” 
“Oh, right,” D said. “Rick mentioned them at the grill party. Sounded interesting.”
“Yeah, they’re really good,” Sarah confirmed, keeping it matter-of-factly.
“Great…” D sounded a bit absent all of a sudden.
Sarah clenched her jaws. So here they were, tiptoeing around all kinds of issues… This was stupid!
“I was kind of thinking about calling you to see if you wanted to join us,” she finally said. She had decided that she’d rather play with open cards. “Actually, I did almost call you, but Joe said you have plans already…” 
There it was. She knew she was being a bitch.
On the other end D seemed to have stopped breathing. Sarah wasn’t sure if it had been caused by the mention of Joe’s name or by the blunt reference to her plans on Friday evening. 
“What do you mean?” D asked, her voice strained.
“I don’t know,” Sarah said extra lightly, “and – well – maybe Joe was just making things up, but he seemed to think you had plans to go to some party with Pete of all people.” 
On the other end D was sucking in an audible breath. Then there was an irritated chuckle. “Yeah, well…” 
“So, he wasn’t hallucinating then?” Sarah concluded pointedly. 
“No,” D retorted. “He wasn’t hallucinating.” There was an edge to the way she said it.
“So you seriously went out with Pete…” 
“Grrr, Sarah! I know what you think, okay? But I didn’t go out with him as in go out and have a great time… He asked me weeks ago if I’d go to this work party with him, and… well – I said yes then, so…”
“Great,” Sarah said merrily. 
“Sarah – it was a last time kind of thing, okay? And I know that I’m an idiot, but…” She broke off and there was a tense silence. 
“No one said you’re an idiot,” Sarah snapped. “Just… Well – I guess I don’t really get it. But I don’t have to anyway. I just hope you know what you’re doing…”
On the other end, D sucked in a sharp breath. “If this is about your brother...” she started tensely.
“Yeah,” Sarah interrupted. “I’m afraid this actually might be about my brother. I know it’s not my business, and I know you’re both grown up, but…”
“But what?”
“He’s still my brother,” Sarah said. “And even though I understand that he did some really stupid things, and he hurt you, and you probably won’t ever trust him again, there’s no reason to… ” She broke off and then rephrased what she was going to say. “I don’t want him to get hurt, that’s all.”
“And that’s directed at me,” D concluded flatly.
There was total silence on Sarah’s end now. 
“I’m not out to hurt him,” D said with an air of exasperation. “I’m really not…”
“Yeah, well,” Sarah muttered. “I sure hope so.”
D swallowed, realizing that she was just now seeing a side of Sarah she’d never seen before. The protective older sister.
“I really thought you handled Liz amazingly well,” Sarah said, her tone more conciliatorily, “and I can imagine what meeting that bitch actually meant to you. But it wasn’t Joe’s fault that she decided she’d just come by and take his car hostage and –”
“What was that?!?”
Sarah was about to shoot back something sarcastic when it dawned on her that D probably really didn’t know. She hadn’t been around when Jack had explained it.
“She must have still had a key for the Volvo somewhere,” she told D, “and since he wasn’t talking to her, she came to Innsbruck, took the car and told him she’d wreck it if he didn’t meet with her.”
“I didn’t know that,” D said, her voice trembling. 
“Yeah, well –“ Sarah mumbled, “She wrecked the car anyway – the entire front on the passenger side is smashed. I’m just glad Joe had the brains to take Jack along for that meeting with her. God knows what else might have happened…” 
D had fallen totally silent on her end.
The silence dragged on for several seconds, making Sarah really uncomfortable.
“D, listen…” she started, “I didn’t want to –”
“I tried to call him,” D interrupted her, sounding weary. 
Sarah faltered.
“I tried to call him,” D repeated. “Yesterday. Twice.” She released a tense breath. “I couldn’t reach him.”
“Maybe he just had the phone turned off because of Liz,” Sarah said slowly. 
“Yeah, maybe,” D muttered, not sounding convinced at all.  
“I’m sure he’ll call you back.” Sarah trying for a reassuring tone.
“Yeah, we’ll see,” D replied vaguely. “Anyway, I should let you go.”
“Well, have a safe trip,” Sarah said. 
“Yeah. Thanks…”
Off to London/ Off to See Mom
(Sunday, August 25th)

Reilley house; 11:00 am
When Sarah got home from her walk, the garage door was wide open. Inside the garage Joe was squatted beside his bike, a wrench in his left hand. 
 “Hi.” He looked up as she walked over to him. “Where’ve you been?”
“Oh, I just went for a walk up to the viewpoint,” Sarah said.
He gave her a quick searching look, then he continued working on his bike.
 “Thanks for leaving the coffee,” he said. 
“Welcome.” Sarah took a step closer, her eyes on the bike.
She frowned. “Where’d your bike come from all of a sudden?” It wasn’t as if she didn’t already have a few troubling theories. 
Joe scratched his head. “I kind of went to get it…”
“Huh?” Sarah’s eyes widened. “Are you crazy? You went to Liz’s place?”
“It’s not technically just Liz’s place, okay?” he corrected.
“Whatever,” Sarah scoffed, not intending to get into a discussion about whose place it technically was. 
“When did you go there?” 
“Friday night,” he said with a shrug. “While you were out with Jack.”
“Oh, is that why you didn’t want to come to the pub?”
He shook his head. “No, that just came up spontaneously. I needed some more clothes, some paperwork and my bike…” He picked up a wrench and squatted again. “And Liz wasn’t home anyway. I made sure of that.” 
“How very comforting,” Sarah mocked.
He gave her an annoyed roll of his eyes and then directed his attention back to his bike. 
Sarah watched him as he fiddled with the wrench and some nut that seemed tight. Considering that he still had that brace around his right hand he wasn’t doing too badly… 
“My bike could use some attention too,” she told him. “Just in case you get bored.”
“Yeah, I’ll have a look at it later,” he nodded. “Even if I’m not bored.” He winked at her, reached up to the workbench to exchange wrenches again and then, before continuing his work, quickly pulled out his mobile phone from the back-pocket of his shorts and laid it on the workbench. 
Sarah squinted at the phone and considered having a little talk with him about possible important calls he might have missed over the past 24 hours. 
“Are you sure you don’t want to come this afternoon?” Joe interrupted her thoughts. 
“What?” Still caught up in her contemplations about D’s calls, it took Sarah a moment to grasp that he was talking about his meeting with Mom. 
She shook her head. “I think today should really be only you and Mom. You’ve got a lot to catch up on.”
Joe blew out some air. “Maybe I forgot to mention it, but it won’t just be me and Mom. Apparently Aunt Tess insisted we have coffee at her place, and our mother somehow didn’t have the guts to tell her no, so – I guess it’s going to be me and the both of them.” He rolled his eyes. “Can’t wait!”
“Yeah, that’s life!” Sarah grinned. 
“Life sucks a bit today,” he said with a dark little chuckle. 
“You’ll get over it.”
“Hopefully.”
“When are you going?”
“I’m supposed to be there around two. Oh, and don’t let me forget the flowers. Got some yesterday.”
Laughing, Sarah reached out to pat his shoulder. “Good boy!” 
“Mhmm. By the way, what did you already tell Mom?”
“About what?” Sarah gave him a puzzled look. “Oh, about you?”
“Yep.”
“I didn’t tell her anything.” 
“Well, you must have told her something,” Joe said. “I mean – you talk to her every other day, so… I just kind of need to know what she already knows.”
“I have told her absolutely nothing about Liz and you,” Sarah insisted. “Not because she didn’t ask, but because you made it very clear that you want me to keep out of your affairs.” She tilted her head and gave him a challenging look. “Don’t tell me you would have liked me to make an exception in this particular case!” 

At the Airport; 1:20 pm
As a woman’s loudspeaker voice called all passengers for today’s two o’clock flight to London to get ready for boarding, D reached into the pocket of her jacket and turned her phone off. 
Even though getting a call in this environment would have been less than ideal – what with June, Rachel and Ellen sitting right next to her – she had still been kind of hoping that Joe would call. He had not. And now the phone was turned off and would probably have to stay this way for a good part of the coming four days – except for when she was alone in her hotel room. 
Beside her, her colleagues were scooping up their jackets and grabbing their carry-ons. D did the same, and together they got in line for boarding.
“You’re so quiet today,” June commented with a glance over at her. “Are you okay?”
D nodded and quickly pulled her mouth into a smile. “Yeah, sure, I’m fine.” 
“You’re afraid of flying, huh?” Rachel gave her a sympathetic look over her shoulder. “My sister gets like this every time she has to get on an airplane.”
D was about to protest that she wasn’t afraid of flyling at all, but then she decided that this was the perfect cover-up for her apparently behaving a little weird and preoccupied. 
She slowly nodded. “Yeah, always makes me a bit nervous.”

Joe’s car 2:00 pm
Joe took a slightly out-of-the-way detour to his aunt’s house.
Driving through nice scenery, he tried to mentally prepare himself for what lay ahead: an afternoon of being questioned by his Mom and his aunt… 
He hated to admit it but in this particular case he would have welcomed it very much if Sarah had already given Mom at least a rough overview of some of the highlights – such as his leaving Liz and what had happened to his hand (as that would undoubtedly be one of the first things he would have to explain). With Mom already knowing the basics, he could have just grumbled something such as, ‘I guess you’ve already heard…’ and let Mom take it from there – ideally by saying something comforting and then fully understanding that he didn’t feel like talking about it in any more detail. 
Unfortunately it wouldn’t work like that. Mom would want to get a full report from him. And to make things worse, Aunt Tess was going to be there as well. How much better could it possibly get? A nice afternoon of discussing his very private life and his hand injury with Mom and her very outspoken sister. 
Of course the two of them couldn’t force him to talk about things he didn’t want to talk about. He could always just issue a very brief statement and then refuse to take any further questions. That might actually be the safest thing to do – for the sake of them all – because once he got into chatting about Liz, he tended to use some offensive vocabulary that neither Mom nor Aunt Tess would appreciate hearing over coffee and cake. 

When he pulled into his aunt’s street forty minutes later, he could see already from far away that the few parking spots along the street were all taken, and that Aunt Tess’ driveway was blocked by a big garbage can. It was positioned right in the middle with the lid hanging open. There was a ladder leaning against the hedge that separated Aunt Tess’ driveway from the neighbors’, and some leaves and clippings were lying on the ground. Obviously someone was working on the hedge and had left the garbage can out.
Annoyed, Joe pulled halfway into the driveway, blocking the sidewalk and part of the street, and was just releasing his seatbelt to get out and move the garbage can, when a man appeared from the other side of the hedge. He had giant hedge sheers with him that he leaned against the ladder, while motioning for Joe to stay in the car. He hurried over to the garbage can, flipped the lid shut and pulled the whole thing aside. Then, smiling broadly, he made an inviting gesture, bowing slightly.
“Thanks!” Joe called out of his rolled down window. 
He parked the car right in front of Aunt Tess’ garage door and climbed out of the car, holding the flowers he had brought in his right hand. 
The guy nodded and had already half turned around again to return to his gardening duties, when he spotted the damaged front of the Volvo. 
“What happened to your car?” he asked with a slight southern-European accent. 
“Angry girlfriend,” Joe responded with a shrug, not even sure why he was being so honest. Had his Mom been standing here asking the exact same question, he would have probably just grumbled, “Stupid accident.”
“Ouch,” the man grimaced. “Not good… Angry women are dangerous.” The way he said it, made Joe realize that this man could probably contribute a story or two on the topic of angry women.
“I’m Thomas, by the way,” the guy said and confirmed, what Joe had already guessed by then. “I live next door.” 
Thomas had made a move to extend his hand, but then looked down on it and pulled it back in mid-movement. “Sorry, dirty hands…” There was an apologetic smile.
“No problem,” Joe said, actually quite relieved that he didn’t have to draw attention to his own right hand and the brace around it.
“I’m Joe,” he said and smiled back.
“I thought so,” Thomas nodded. “Your Mom showed me some photos the other day. From when you were little. And your sister –” Thomas squinted, obviously trying to remember the name of the sister in question.
“Sarah,” Joe helped out, glad that Sarah wasn’t present to hear that Thomas might have seen her nude baby pictures. She would have undoubtedly had a fit.
“I’ve heard a lot about you,” Thomas said with a smile, his tone indicating that – surprisingly – what he had heard must have been mainly positive. 
For lack of a better response, Joe laughed. He could hardly tell Thomas that he had heard a lot about him as well. From Sarah, who had pointedly described him as Aunt Tess’ Spanish neighbor – Latin Lover kind of guy – who supposedly had the hots for their mother, and who – according to Sarah – their aunt was trying to set their mother up with.
Looking at Thomas now, Joe couldn’t imagine that this man seriously needed Aunt Tess’ aid in hooking up with women. Thomas was in his fifties, had full, slightly greying hair, a healthy tan, looked like he was in good shape and had a friendly personality and a winning smile. What was there not to like? He would have to ask Sarah. She would surely be happy to explain it to him.
“Now there’s your Mom,” Thomas nodded towards the house behind Joe and raised his hand to wave. “Hello Julia!” His smile seemed to intensify a notch, then he turned back to Joe. “Nice meeting you,” he said and finally headed back to his hedge.  
Joe turned around to the house. There was his Mom – smiling, but seeming a little taken aback by the sight of her son and Thomas happily chatting in the driveway. 
With a growing smile she came striding towards him now, her arms wide open – an introduction to a very big hug. Joe almost wished he could just follow Thomas and hide behind the hedge.
“There you are!” Mom beamed and wrapped her arms around him. “It’s sooo good to see you!”
Joe had just enough time to hold the flowers out to the side, before he was pulled into a bear hug, and kissed several times on any part of his face his Mom could reach.
Despite the fact that he was absolutely not a big fan of big hugs and family kissing, he endured it willingly and tried his best at an appropriately affectionate response, using his left hand to rub his Mom’s back while holding the flowers out of hug range with his right. 
Finally, Mom loosened her embrace. She gave him another loving look, her hand briefly resting on his cheek, and then released him, quickly straightening out his shirt collar again, that had suffered a bit during the hug. 
“Let’s go inside,” she said and linked her arm under his. “Aunt Tess has everything set up for coffee.”
They entered the house. 
“Hello, long lost stranger!” Aunt Tess came hurrying out of the kitchen. “So glad you finally made it!” She pulled him in a quick one-armed hug, engulfing him in a cloud of heavy perfume. 
“Good to see you,” Joe said and gave his Aunt a quick pat on the back.
“You look good again…” Aunt Tess decided contently, as she held him away from herself a bit like one would do with little kids before telling them how much they had grown since the last encounter. “Last time I saw you, you looked as if a butcher had cut your hair, and you had this horrible… beard…”
Joe couldn’t help laughing. Always very straightforward, Aunt Tess…
“Yeah, I kind of got away from that,” he said and rubbed his chin where the beard had been. He had given up the look very quickly, once it had served its purpose of pissing Liz off and teaching her that she wasn’t in control of the way he dressed, shaved or had his hair cut. A very important lesson at the time. 
He held out the flowers to no one in particular. “They are for both of you,” he said. 
“We will share,” Aunt Tess said and took the flowers. “Thank you! I’ll just put them in –” She fell silent as she spotted the brace around his right hand. 
Mom had noticed it too. And they were both about to ask the unavoidable.
“I’ll tell you later,” he said and theatrically hid his hand behind his back as if it were a big secret that would still be revealed.
“Okay, you do that,” Aunt Tess said with a smile and turned to head back into the kitchen. “Why don’t you two go ahead to the sun room, I’ll be right there with the coffee…”
~~~
“Ladies and gentleman, we’re now starting our descent to London. Please remain seated with your seatbelts fastened…” 
The pilot’s voice over the intercom shook D awake. She must have dozed off over the steady humming of the jet engines. Blinking dazedly now, she looked out of the small window beside her. The weather down there looked a lot better than predicted. 
As the plane descended in what almost felt like several waves of small dives, her ears popped. 
A sudden thought of Joe flashed through her head and caused a serious rush of anxiety. Maybe he had called in the meantime? But maybe he hadn’t. It made her stomach twist. 
~~~
Joe took a first bite of the pastry and tried to relax. They had just sat down at the nicely set table in the sun room, Aunt Tess had poured the coffee and Mom had asked the introductory question of questions: “So how are you doing, darling?” 
Gazing at the pastry on his plate, Joe nodded. Okay, time to do this! 
 “Good,” he said with a little shrug. It was this stupid answer that just rolled off your tongue out of some reflex. He knew that this was neither true nor would it be satisfactorily detailed information for his audience. The look Mom was giving him across the table proved it. She had her eyebrows raised questioningly and reminded him very much of Sarah.
He shrugged again and looked away, briefly biting down on his lower lip. “Liz and I split up,” he said quietly, keeping his eyes fixed on his plate.
He could hear Mom release a tense breath. Then there was a long moment of total silence.
“I asked Sarah how you’re doing,” Mom finally said solemnly. “I mean – I kind of had a feeling that something was wrong. What with you suddenly coming to Innsbruck to stay with Sarah. You did have us worried…”
“Yeah, well,” Joe said and poked some pattern with his fork into the frosting of the pastry. He wasn’t sure what else to say.
Suddenly Mom let out a little chuckle. 
It made him glance up at her. 
“I figured it must either be that you’ve split up,” she said with a crooked smile, “or that she’s pregnant and you fled to Sarah because you’re scared to death.”
Joe coughed out an astonished laugh. What was that? For the sake of anyone around this table he wasn’t going to mention that Liz had actually claimed that she was pregnant to make him come back to her.
“I’m actually glad it’s not the latter, to be honest,” Mom said with an air of confidentiality.
Joe raised his eyebrows in surprise. 
“Don’t get me wrong,” Mom hurried to say. “I wouldn’t mind being a grandma at some point, but –” 
She fell silent when she saw him grimace.
“Mom, please...” 
“Okay, sorry!” She smiled. “I’ll stop.”
“Thanks!”
There was a short pause.
“So, what happened?” Mom asked cautiously. “Or don’t you want to talk about it?”
His eyes locked with his mother’s, Joe pondered it for a moment. Then he cleared his throat and dropped his gaze. “It’s not been going too well for quite a while,” he said and shifted his cup on the saucer back and forth. 
“How long have you been together?” Aunt Tess inquired from his right. 
“Three years,” Mom answered even before he could.
“That’s long…” Aunt Tess contemplated. “I didn’t realize it had been that long. It’s always so amazing to me how you young people just move in together and split up again and then move in with someone different… When we were young…” She shot her sister a meaningful look. “When we were young there was no way we could have experimented like this. You had to first get married and then…”
“Yeah, right…” Joe said through gritted teeth. He was really not in the mood for this kind of lecture.
“Well, that’s the way it was then,” Aunt Tess insisted with a shrug. “No living together unless there was a ring. And sex was–”
Keeping his head down, Joe was grinding his teeth, hoping that this would end very soon. This wasn’t just uncomfortable, this was painful. 
Suddenly Mom let out a laugh that sounded a bit forced. “Yeah, that’s the theory,” she chuckled, obviously eager to break the tension that had built up. “But Tess, let’s face it, no one really stuck by those rules. Or did we? I didn’t! Did you?”
Looking up from his plate, Joe glanced from Mom to Aunt Tess. This was starting to get interesting. 
Aunt Tess shrugged. “Well, not always of course…” she admitted reluctantly.
Mom laughed. “I thought so. Because really, Tess, you can’t tell me you and Thommy Sanders never…”
Raising his eyebrows, Joe shot his aunt a quick look.
“Me and Thommy were never even going out,” she claimed in a you-must-be-crazy tone.
Mom laughed again. “Right. Like that proves anything…” She took a sip of coffee. 
“Well, it’s not like–” Aunt Tess started.
“It’s fine,” Mom interrupted her with a reassuring nod.
Joe continued eating his pastry, wondering how much more bizarre this get-together could possibly get.
“Why would you think Thommy Sanders and I…?” Aunt Tess inquired, obviously not ready to let this go.
“Because I actually saw you,” Mom said flatly. “But – Just forget about it. It doesn’t matter. Let’s just not pretend we were so much better than our kids – my kids, actually.”
“That’s not at all what I was saying,” Aunt Tess grumbled with an air of defiance. “Just that we didn’t have the option of living together beforehand.”
Mom shrugged. “I guess. Might have been good for us, though.” 
First Aunt Tess seemed as if she was going to contradict, but then she slowly nodded. “Maybe you’re right,” she said. “I might have realized earlier what a worthless cheater Allen was.” She paused, seeming deep in thought for a moment. Finally her face lit up and she made a grand gesture around the room. “Well, I guess he wasn’t that worthless after all!”
Joe let out a halfhearted chuckle and glanced at his watch. How long was he required to sit through this? He had not been looking forward to talking about himself, but having to listen to these kinds of personal contemplations by his Mom and Aunt wasn’t a whole lot better.
“So, what happened with your girlfriend?” Aunt Tess suddenly asked, obviously remembering the initial, still somewhat unresolved issue. 
“It didn’t work,” Joe said flatly.
Aunt Tess frowned.
Holding her gaze, Joe shrugged. “Let’s just say we wanted some very different things.” It had come out a little stubbornly.
Aunt Tess, still frowning, tilted her head to the side. Questioningly. 
Clenching his jaw, Joe shot his Mom a dark look. She understood. “Tess, can we just –” she started.
“Sure,” Aunt Tess shrugged. “But, I mean, considering that they lived together for three years.” She turned back to Joe. “What different things did you want?” she asked skeptically. “She wanted to get married and have children, and you didn’t?”
Joe coughed. Angrily.
“Tess!?!” Mom gave her sister a warning look. 
“She was the little brunette, right? Sarah’s friend?” Tess carried on. “The one you went to the cabin with that one time.”
“No, that’s not the one…” Joe retorted cuttingly.
“That was Danielle,” Mom corrected. “Liz is blonde…”
Aunt Tess’ face suddenly seemed to slip as it started to dawn on her that she had made a horrible mistake. 
“Oh, right,” she said uncomfortably. “I’m sorry. I think I totally mixed that up. That’s right. The blonde one! Was at the funeral too. Black dress, lots of makeup?”
“Yep, that’s the one.” Joe confirmed with audible irritation. 
“But the other one was there too, right?” Aunt Tess asked, sounding a little helpless all of a sudden. “At the funeral.”
Joe sucked in a sharp breath through clenched teeth. 
“Yes, Danielle was there too,” Mom confirmed with some exasperation before he could blow up. “She was there with her new boyfriend.” 
A hard look on his face, Joe acknowledged Mom’s pleading, split-second glance over at him that seemed to urge him to please, please keep it together and not lash out at his aunt. He huffed out some air through his nose and angrily shook his head. 
“Sorry…” Aunt Tess said, sounding genuinely troubled. “I’m really sorry. I got them mixed up. It’s not like they’re very much alike even, but still. Maybe I’m losing my mind.” She chuckled uncomfortably. “Sorry, Joseph. So you split up with the blonde one?”
His jaws still tightly pressed together, Joe briefly considered rejecting any further statements. But then he decided to just get it over with. He cleared his throat. 
“Yeah, I split up with the blonde one,” he said matter-of-factly. “And before you get wrapped up in the wrong ideas here,” he gave his aunt a firm look. “I didn’t do it because I got cold feet, or because I met someone else, okay? Just for the record. I decided to leave because, first of all, she was fucking around with at least three other guys over the past eight months…” With some satisfaction he registered that Aunt Tess had just flinched. And he wasn’t even done yet! “Then she slammed the car door shut on my fingers here,” he lifted his braced right hand and saw both his Mom and his Aunt turn pale. “Well, and since I didn’t want to come back and play happy couple with her anymore after that, she called a friend to tell her to tell me that she’s pregnant.” He could see Mom’s jaw drop. “She fortunately changed her mind about that a few days later…” 
Mom exhaled audibly. 
“Well, and on Wednesday,” Joe continued, “she had another great idea to surprise me.” He let out a bitter laugh. “She came to Innsbruck, took my car and wrecked the front just to – well, I don’t know – convince me to come back, I guess…” He paused for a moment. “That’s why I couldn’t come by last week, Mom, remember – my car problem…?”
“My God,” Mom breathed.
Joe shrugged, suddenly feeling a bit guilty for having it sprung on them like this. 
“How long has this been going on?” Mom inquired, her tone suddenly accusing. Of course, he had always told her that things were just fine.
“A while,” he said evasively.
“During all the times you told me you were doing great?”
“Mom, listen…”
When Mom blew out some air and shook her head as if to get rid of some dark thoughts, Joe realized that he sometimes did that exact same thing. Now he knew where he got it from.
“Well, it’s good that you left then,” Aunt Tess concluded from beside him. “It sounds like quite a mess. And that’s always dangerous.” She turned to her sister. “Didn’t Thomas tell us about this woman – his ex-wife, I think – who became really erratic and violent, too?”
Wordlessly Mom nodded.
“Probably good for you to be back in Innsbruck for a while,” Aunt Tess said to Joe.
He nodded, his gaze on his coffee cup. “Sure. It’s nice,” he said, tracing the edge of the saucer with his index finger.
“Well, and if you ever want to use the cabin…” Aunt Tess offered. 
“Actually,” Joe said slowly, “maybe that would be a good idea.” He rubbed his chin and looked at his aunt. “Would you mind?”
Aunt Tess face lit up. “Not at all! You want to?”
He nodded. “Yeah, that would be great. Just for a few days.”
“Anytime!” Aunt Tess laughed and pushed back her chair. “Let me just get you the key. Otherwise we might forget it.” And off she was.
“I wish you’d told me,” Mom said when they were alone.
He looked away. “Yeah, well…”
“I know,” she said softly, and reached out to touch his arm. “I’m glad you left her.” She gave his arm a gentle squeeze.
He nodded and tried to overcome the tightness in his throat that this motherly touch was causing. 
“Have you seen Danielle?” Mom suddenly asked cautiously. “Sarah said you were all going to some hotel for a get-together.”
Keeping his eyes focused on the table, Joe swallowed. Then he nodded. “Yeah, sure –  I’ve seen her.” 
“How did that go?” Mom asked gently, her hand still on his arm.
He glanced up and dismissively shook his head. “As expected…” he said darkly. “Not good at all!”
First Night in London
(Sunday, August 25th)

They had landed at Gatwick Airport at 2:45 pm local time and headed straight to their hotel close to Liverpool Street station. 
After quickly freshening up a bit they left again to meet David and his wife at the London Eye Ferris wheel.
Just as they arrived there, the clouds lifted and the sun peeked out. 
David had made reservations for a ride, so, instead of having to wait in line, they were ushered into their own private bubble right away and started their slow ascent.
Gazing down at the English capital that was on the most perfect display here, from high up and with the sunshine, D felt this enormous rush of excitement – excitement to be back here. She had briefly experienced the same feeling right after they had landed in Gatwick, but then the thought of Joe and how she hadn’t been able to get in touch with him before her departure had caused this serious lump-in-throat condition that had overpowered everything else.
Being in this big clear bubble high above this city that she had always liked, the lump in her throat seemed to have shrunk considerably – at least for the moment.
Straightening up a bit, D decided to enjoy this trip. Stop worrying about things and just enjoy being here. 
When their bubble reached the highest point on the Ferris wheel, David offered to take a photo of the four of them and then pointed out the most important sights down below.
Fifteen minutes later they exited their bubble, happy and chatting, and followed David and Colleen across the bridge towards Big Ben and the Parliament where they took some more photos.
After a stroll around Westminster they decided that they didn’t have to see the Abbey from the inside. They headed to a typical English pub instead, the owner of which Colleen knew personally.
They spent almost two hours there, had great food, beer and cider and talked and laughed about all kinds of things. David was very much like Harry – laid back, friendly, good sense of humor and a lot of interesting stories to tell. And Colleen was a bubbly, nice person with the coolest Scottish accent.
They left the pub a little after nine and said goodbye to David and Colleen at the tube station.
They were about to walk down the stairs to the tube and take it back to Liverpool Street station when Rachel announced that she didn’t feel like going back to the hotel just yet. She hadn’t had a chance to go out at night ever since her little daughter had been born eighteen months ago. Therefore, she didn’t want to miss this rare opportunity.
June, always in a party mood, immediately agreed to join Rachel for some London nightlife, while Ellen and D returned to the hotel.
Aren’t you going to take this?
(Sunday, August 25th)

D said goodbye to Ellen at the hotel elevator.
On the walk from the tube station to the hotel Ellen had talked about how she had always wanted to live abroad for a few years. It had never worked out, however. And now, being married and just having bought a house with her husband, the chance had gone.
“Guess I envy you and June a little,” she had said. “You’ve still got the freedom to do anything you want. I mean – I love my husband, and my life, but sometimes I wish I had done some things while I was younger…”
D had smiled and nodded and realized that that annoying lump in her throat had just returned, and was bigger than ever.

Back in her room now, she kicked off her shoes and checked her watch. It was almost ten o’clock.
She reached into her purse, pulled out her phone and turned it on. Sitting down on the bed, she typed in her pin code. Finally the main display came on.
One quick look, and her heart dropped.
There were no missed calls…
The air in the room suddenly felt too think to breathe.
She swallowed hard.
Then squinted. 
While there was no symbol for missed calls on the display, there was one for text messages. 
Her pulse racing now, she tapped a finger on the phone.
There were three new text messages in total. The first one was from Mom, just wanting to make sure she had arrived safely.
The other two were roaming infos.
There was nothing from Joe.
Nothing!
Trying hard not to let this get to her, D exhaled. Then she straightened up and started typing a message back to her Mom. Despite the very undemanding text, it took her a while to put it in. Her mind somehow just wouldn’t focus properly. 
Had a good trip and a nice evening with boss of London office and his wife. Went on the London Eye… Got some great pictures. 
Love, Danielle
She hit send and then just sat there for a moment, staring at the unpacked suitcase across the room. She should unpack. Then go to sleep. Calling Joe again, when he must already have two missed calls, was kind of pathetic.
Her hands had already initiated the call, though. Pathetic or not…
Holding the phone to her ear with a slightly trembling hand, she started to count the rings, intentionally trying not to think about what she was going to say. She had no idea what she would say. As long as she just got him on the line… 
Ring, ring, ring – five, six, seven, eight.
When it kicked into voice mail, she swallowed hard. Somehow she wasn’t able to hang up just yet, even though, what followed was predictably excruciating: ‘Hi, you’ve reached Joe Reilley. I can’t take your call right now, but please leave a message and I’ll get back to you as soon as I can.’
Her mouth dry and her stomach knotted, D ended the call. His not picking up was bad enough. But it was the recording of his voice that made her eyes tear up.
~~~
Sarah looked at her brother incredulously.
She was standing beside the sofa in the living room, just having returned home.
Joe was sitting with his legs on the coffee table, some brainless action film playing on TV. 
Sarah had dropped in to inquire how his afternoon with Mom and Aunt Tess had gone. He had grumbled that it had been okay. She had just been contemplating asking for some more details when his phone had started vibrating on the coffee table. It had taken him only a fraction of a second to grab it, flip it over and slam it display-down on the sofa beside him.
Despite his amazingly swift reaction, Sarah had caught a good enough split-second glimpse at the name of the caller.
“That’s D,” she pointed out unnecessarily. The phone was still vibrating.
His face hard, Joe glared towards the TV where the hero was just driving an orange KTM motorcycle through explosion after explosion and still came out alive and the bike still looking like brand new. 
“Aren’t you going to take this?” Sarah pressed.
Avoiding eye-contact, Joe shrugged. “Not right now, no,” he said decisively.
Sarah blinked, momentarily baffled by the cold tone. She was about to open her mouth and protest, when he glanced up, shot her a dark look and simultaneously raised a hand. The typical just-cut-it-out gesture.
“Sarah, I don’t wanna hear it, okay?” he said, just in case the gesture wasn’t perfectly understood. “I already told you: Keep out of it! Please!”
“Joe…” Sarah started solemnly, but fell silent when she saw him suck in an angry breath. Before he could say anything, she raised her hand, copying his gesture. “I’ll keep out of it, don’t worry,” she scoffed, “I’ll totally keep out of your crap! It’s way too confusing for me anyway.”
For a moment they glared at each other. Then Joe released an exasperated breath and dropped his gaze to the remote control in his hand. “Sorry,” he said with a weary shake of his head. “It’s just –” He shrugged. “I don’t know…”
“God, you two…” Sarah muttered dismissively while heading out of the living room. 
A few minutes passed. Joe kept watching TV, and Sarah was doing something in the kitchen.
“Is this the key to Aunt Tess’ cabin?” Sarah had suddenly appeared in the archway between kitchen and living room. The keychain with the little red bell was dangling from her hand. And with every movement she made with her hand, the bell was ringing merrily.
Joe shot her an irritated look.
She held his gaze and raised her eyebrows. “Are you going there?” The bell rang some more.
“Can you stop ringing that frigging bell?” Joe snapped.
“Are you going to the cabin?” Sarah asked again, the bell still dangling and ringing.
His jaw clenched, Joe’s eyes briefly flickered to the bell, then back to her.
Sarah provocatively rolled her eyes at him and let the bell ring a few more times until even she was getting annoyed by it. Finally she folded her hand around the whole keychain and held it steady. “Now, can you answer my question?” she asked sweetly.
“Yeah, I’m going there for a few days,” Joe confirmed with a shrug. “I’ll be back on Thursday, though, because I’ve got to take the car in for repair.” 
“Okay,” Sarah nodded. “Is this because of D? Your retreating into the woods…” 
“It’s simply because I want to!” he retorted sharply. “And I am not retreating into the woods…” He imitated her tone in the most unflattering way.
Sarah’s eyes narrowed. Then she shook her head. “Great!” she exclaimed and threw up her hands, the bell ringing shrilly. “If that’s the way you wanna solve your problems!” She disappeared to the kitchen again.
“I don’t have any problems!” He called after her.
“Good for you!” Sarah called back. 
Monday in London/ at the Cabin
(Monday, August 26th)

D’s hotel, London; 7:50
On her way down to have breakfast, D was waiting for the elevator. She wasn’t feeling good at all. There still hadn’t been any sign of life from Joe. 
No call, no nothing. 
The elevator came and she got on. There was no one else on it, so she took out her phone. Not to check for calls or messages again. She knew there weren’t any. But there was something else on that phone that might make her feel a little better: the last exchange of text messages she had had with Joe over a week ago.
Joe (from across the table at the Italian restaurant): 
Go w S and try to escape in 30 min or so. Let me know if it works. Joe
D: (half an hour later on her way to the hotel): 
Escaped. D
Joe: 
Great! Let’s meet at the rental boats.
D: 
OK. Just getting a jacket.

Drawing in a shaky breath, D desperately wished she could turn back time and start over at exactly that point. That had been before things had started to go so wrong. Joe had still really wanted to see her then. Now he wouldn’t even pick up the phone anymore when she called…
The elevator doors opened and she exited, feeling worse than before. 

Reilley house, 9:30 am
From the open window of her room Sarah watched her brother pack his car. The case with the laptop over his shoulder, he was just putting his big duffle bag into the trunk. Minutes earlier he had rolled the bike out of the garage and lifted it up to the roof rack.
He disappeared in the house again for a moment and returned with the cooler that she had talked him into stuffing with at least half of everything she had in her fridge.
“Okay,” he called over and looked up to her window. “I’m off…”
“Have fun!” she called back.
There was a brief shadow passing over his face, but then he smiled. “Yeah thanks!” With a quick wave of his hand he got into the car.

London, Conference Center; 10:15 am
The title of this first presentation of the day ‘How to best handle meetings with difficult business partners and co-workers’ had sounded promising. Unfortunately, the two women leading through this, were only exploiting every possible cliché, and there wasn’t any new insight whatsoever. 
So, after only half an hour, D’s mind had wandered off. To Joe… It made her almost dizzy to think that she might not get a chance to straighten things out with him until she got back to Innsbruck. What if, by then, the stupid things she had said to him last Wednesday had become impossible to retract? Because they had been out there too long and poisoned everything? Like some nasty green venom that slowly spread through the blood stream and eventually killed the patient.
She swallowed hard and tried to remind herself of the kiss on the pier or in the lake or on her kitchen counter… or on her sofa. Those had been so exhilarating and real. It couldn’t all just be gone by now. Or could it?
When the people around her started clapping, she snapped out of the semi-haze she had slipped into over her considerations. She quickly joined in the clapping until it died down and people started rising from their chairs. There was going to be a fifteen minute break.
Beside her, June was stretching and yawning.
“Let’s go and have some coffee,” Ellen said from the chair on the aisle and got up.
“Sounds good,” D nodded and waited for June, who was sitting between Ellen and herself to get moving.
As they slowly filed out of the room to the hall where complimentary coffee, snacks and other refreshments were set up D couldn’t help quickly pulling her phone from her purse halfway and checking it. 
There were no missed calls, no new text messages. Nothing!
Feeling drained, she let the phone slip back, put on a smile and followed the others to the coffee machine.

Innsbruck, Dr. Mayer’s Practice; 8:05 am
“Joseph!” Rick’s Mom looked up from her desk with delighted surprise. “It’s so nice to see you! Rick said you’d be coming in.”
Joe smiled. Rick’s Mom had always – since he could remember – been at the reception desk of her husband’s doctor’s practice. And she was obviously still doing it now that Rick was slowly taking over from his Dad.
“You haven’t changed a bit, Mrs. Mayer,” he said, well aware that this was quite a cheesy line even though he really meant it.
She laughed. “That’s nice. Not really true, but nice… How have you been? Are you visiting your sister?”
Joe nodded, sticking with the non-committal smile. “Yes, I’m here for a little while, and Rick said I could come by and have this checked.” He raised his braced hand.
“Oh, what did you do?” Mrs. Mayer asked.
Joe shrugged. “Got two fingers stuck in a car door…”
Like everyone before her, Mrs. Mayer cringed at the thought. And there was even some sympathetic murmuring from the waiting room behind him, where two grey-haired ladies were flipping through magazines.
“I was kind of hoping I could maybe finally get rid of the brace,” Joe said.
“How long has it been?” Rick’s Mom asked.
“Four weeks tomorrow.”
She nodded. “We’ll see what we can do. It’ll probably be ten minutes or so.”
“Okay, thanks.” He turned to the waiting room. One of the ladies there looked up and gave him a sweet smile. Smiling back, Joe took a seat and wondered if he should maybe just hold on to that brace, as it seemed to be a real hit with women of all ages.

London; 3:50 pm
Stepping out of the conference center into surprisingly nice weather, D checked her watch. They had been released from the last presentation a little earlier than expected and had the rest of the day off.
“What do we do now?” June asked.
“If you wanted to, we could go down to the Tower,” D suggested. “Takes ten minutes to walk there, and I think they’re open another two hours. That’s not a whole lot of time, but you could at least see the Crown Jewels.”
“Oh, yeah, let’s do that!” Rachel cheered. “I’d love to see the Crown Jewels.”
“Yeah, sounds good,” Ellen agreed.
“Let’s do it then,” June laughed. “Because I‘m not sure when else they’ll get a chance.”
Rachel put on a little fake frown and muttered, “Yeah, just rub it in that those limitations don’t apply to you two.”
“Not rubbing it in,” June claimed.
“No, not at all,” D smiled despite the little sting she felt at the reference to all the time she might still have in London in the coming years. “Let’s go!”

They arrived at Tower Hill, and there were only three other people still buying tickets at the counter. Most visitors were already leaving the Tower.
Heading through the different courtyards, Rachel, Ellen, June and D followed the signs for the Crown Jewels.
D remembered coming here with Pete and some other students a few months into her exchange year. They spent almost the entire day in the Tower - seeing every exhibition there was and standing in line for almost an hour just to see the Crown Jewels…
Before the exchange year she had not really known Pete. She had probably seen him in passing at the university a few times, but that was it. 
They first time she’d really ‘met’ him as such had been at the Welcome party for the foreign exchange students here in London. He had come up to her, obviously recognizing her and struck up a conversation. It had been kind of nice to meet someone from home.
Their paths had consequently crossed about once a week after that as they had both signed up for the weekly trips and events the university organized for foreign students. 
Over time they had become friends. He’d been nice, friendly, reliable. Sometime he’d asked her about Joe. “You’ve been together with that guy for a while, right? Reilley.”
She had confirmed it. And changed the topic. She had refrained from correcting Pete that she’d been with Joe not just for a while but for almost two and a half years, and that it still hurt like hell to think about him.
Pete hadn’t touched that topic again even though it had clearly interested him. 
By mid-December she had started to sense, however, that he might actually aim for a little more than just friendship. There had been a few things he had said or done that gave that impression, but she had tried to ignore it. 
They were both heading home for Christmas break, and – as crazy as it might be – she desperately wanted to see Joe. And she would have probably still taken him back…
A few weeks later she had returned to London. 
Instead of seeing Joe and possibly working things out with him, she had found out that he had left Innsbruck shortly after she had moved out of the dorm and was now living with Liz in Munich.
She had been absolutely devastated. And in a weak moment back in London she had poured her heart out to a friend. Pete. 
After that he had stepped up his efforts to convince her that, in contrast to ‘that Reilley guy’, he deserved her. He had been attentive, gentlemanly and respectful, not rushing into things, but making sure she knew that he liked her. Somehow it had felt good. And she had liked him too. He didn’t have Joe’s wit, his almost cocky self-confidence and the sweep-you-off-your-feet appeal, but – at the time – that had seemed like a good thing. 

“Here we are,” June proclaimed with a grand gesture towards a stone building that supposedly housed the Crown Jewels.
“Yeah, right,” D muttered, only slowly pulling her thoughts back to the present.
She followed the others inside. With Rachel walking ahead, they made their way through the maze of dividers and handrails which were designed to channel the thousands of visitors that moved through here every day. The place was pleasantly deserted now.
After passing through a few rooms, they reached their destination.
“Wow!” Rachel had stopped in the doorway to a dimly lit hall with a brightly illuminated giant glass cabinet that contained an assortment of crowns and other jeweled royal accessories – the Crown Jewels.
D could hear June and Ellen gasp as they walked over to the conveyor belt that ran by the cabinet at a very slow but steady pace. This was another sophisticated feature to handle and move masses of people.
Stepping on the conveyor belt herself, she gazed at the sparkling display. Even the second time around, she didn’t really like that stuff. Just too much of everything…
A few minutes later they stepped out into the bright courtyard again, all of them squinting, as their eyes readjusted to the light.
They still had forty minutes left until the Tower closed for the day.
After a short discussion they decided to split up, so each of them could spend the remaining time the way she preferred. Ellen and June headed to the special exhibit on Henry VIII, Rachel wanted to see the Crown Jewels again and D walked off to just stroll around a bit.
After a while of passing through courtyards, she walked up the stairs to the boardwalk that lead along the crown of the outer wall. It was nice to be up higher. Below, in the courtyard, she could see a few people taking pictures with a strange-looking piece of art. She watched them for a while as they were chatting and laughing. Finally she turned around. This was the perfect view of the river and of Tower Bridge. And looking across the river to the other side, she could see the people walking, jogging or resting on one of the benches on the South Bank promenade.
Glancing at Tower Bridge again, the amazing white and blue construction in the perfect evening light right now, D pulled out her phone to take a picture. 
She forced herself to only take a photo and not even think about the fact that there had been no calls or messages…
So, she took the photo. Then, the phone still in hand she stared at the shot.
Her heart beating wildly, she considered the idea she had just had: Maybe she needed to try a different approach with Joe. She could send him the picture – with a short text. Something like, ‘Wish you were here. And this is me having a deja-vue…’  
She stared at the photo a little longer. 
Then she blew out a tense breath and slid the phone back into her purse. 
She couldn’t do it…

Lake Cabin; 4:40 pm
After unloading the car and putting the contents of the cooler into the small fridge in the cabin, Joe got a glass of water and stepped outside. 
Just a few meters down was the shore of the lake – the water dark green, little waves washing over small round rocks. Everything was quiet. There were a few more cabins on the opposite side, and two up the hill behind him. With school still being out, most of the cabins must be occupied, but surprisingly he neither saw anyone, nor did he hear anything. Which was nice…
 He went over to the wooden bench and the table under the big Willow tree, brushed the leaves off with his hand and sat down. 
He took another sip from his glass, then set it on the table and leaned back, his hands locked behind his head. He closed his eyes – listened to the waves and the birds. There was a smell of warm, moist soil and pine needles in the air. 
He opened his eyes again, drew in a deep breath and then released it as slowly as he could. He was glad he had come here. He would work on the program he was supposed to write for Arlin, one of their Italian customers. And when he needed a break, he could jump into the lake or take a bike ride. He’d keep himself busy and try not to think about the things that would just drag him down. Such as those calls from Danny that he hadn’t taken or the looks both Jack and Sarah had given him for that – looks that had been kind of justified. He knew it. He felt bad enough about it. But at the same time he didn’t know what else to do. He surely didn’t want to hear her lie to him or explain things that really didn’t need explaining…

London; 7:40 pm
After having had great Fish&Chips and hard cider at a pub close to Covent Garden, D and the others were on an after-dinner sightseeing spree, led by Ellen and her guide book.
It was fun. They had all had enough cider to make them a little tipsy and giggly, and they had gotten lost twice on their way from Covent Garden to St. Paul’s Cathedral. Conveniently, one of those little detours had taken them to the Millennium Bridge and they had walked halfway across it and taken a few good pictures from there. 
Afterwards, they managed to find St. Paul’s Cathedral, walked around inside for a while, sat in the pews to rest their feet and then climbed up to the Whispering Gallery and the Stone Gallery. The higher they got, the paler June turned. She muttered that she didn’t really like heights all that much and then took the fastest way down again. 
After the cathedral they walked on to see Trafalgar Square, took pictures from all angles and then started making their way to the last sight on Ellen and Rachel’s list: Buckingham Palace… 
“I need another cider after this,” June proclaimed as they were getting closer to the area where the palace was supposed to be. 
“Yeah, that sounds great,” Rachel agreed, “My feet are getting really tired.”
D nodded. “Mine too.” She was feeling nicely delayed by the last cider she had had. “A place to sit down and some more cider sounds nice…” She didn’t care if another cider would make it impossible for her to walk straight, as long as it let her hold on to this nice, numb, detached mood where she didn’t feel bad about Sarah’s brother anymore. 

Lake cabin; 8:30 pm
Joe was sitting in the big comfortable chair in the cabin, his legs resting on the worn ottoman, and was scribbling some notes on a paper notepad. He had been doing this for the past two hours, outlining the general idea for the Arlin program. He was unexpectedly inspired. If he got this program written by Thursday, he could send it to Steve to test before he went on vacation. 
He put the pen aside for a moment and rubbed his eyes with the thumb and index finger of his right hand. Lowering his hand again, he gave it a long look. It was nice to be rid of the brace! He flexed his fingers as far as he could, then sprawled them and flexed them again. The middle and ring finger that had been broken were clearly not as flexible as the others. 
Rick had said that with some exercises and a bit of time, he would regain full flexibility in this hand soon. He just hoped that was true. 
Picking the pen back up, he tried to concentrate on his notes again. He wanted to work on this until he was tired enough to go to bed and straight to sleep. That way he would be able to avoid brooding over things he didn’t want to think about. 
Unfortunately his mind had already started to drift off, though.
To Danny’s phone calls. 
Why did this have to be so damn hard?
Maybe he was doing her wrong? Unlikely, given the evidence, but still…  
Couldn’t he at least send her a message? To make them both feel better. 
Something… 
Anything… 
Such as…I’m at my aunt’s cabin. Let’s talk when you get back.
He shook his head to himself. It wouldn’t benefit anyone. It would just prolong the misery. By the time Danny got back to Innsbruck he needed to be over this! 

Reilley house kitchen; 8:40 pm
Sarah dropped her purse on the kitchen counter and went to the pantry. A candy bar in hand she came back and leaned against the countertop. With her free hand she dug through her purse, searching for her mobile phone that had beeped during her drive home from work. 
There was a message from Jack. And it looked as if he had also tried to call her sometime during the afternoon, but she hadn’t heard it. 
Feeling a sudden, destabilizing rush of adrenaline, Sarah opened the text message. 
Hi Sarah,
I’m not sure what your work schedule’s like this week, but I’d like to go and see the documentary about backup singers we talked about. Do you wanna come? Wednesday? Let me know.
Jack
Sarah had to suppress the urge to call him right back and tell him that anytime was fine. Given her unstable emotional state regarding Jack, it did not seem advisable at all to go to dark places with him; with seats close together. If she joined him for that, all she would do throughout the film was think about him, and how she wished he had not met that stupid whoever she was. 

London, D’s hotel room; 11:10 pm o’clock
D got back to the hotel room feeling tipsy and strangely upbeat. Amazing what some alcohol and the company of three other giggly women could accomplish.
Joe still hadn’t called, of course. For tonight that was alright, though. She was past the point where anything worried her anymore.  
She got ready for bed and had already pulled back the blanket to slip under, when she suddenly remembered something she had not dared to unpack last night. It would have only made her feel worse. Tonight she didn’t care… 
She pulled the suitcase out from beside the wardrobe and unzipped the front pocket. She reached in and pulled out a little plastic bag. Inside the bag was a green toothbrush – Joe’s green toothbrush…
She returned to the bed, placed the toothbrush on the bedside table, lay down and looked at it for a while. She wasn’t sure why she had brought that toothbrush with her, but she hadn’t been able to stop herself. The suitcase had already been packed and closed, and she had been waiting for the taxi to the airport, when she had quickly used the bathroom one last time, and there, in the cup next to the sink, had been the toothbrush. Following some spontaneous crazy hunch, she had grabbed it, stuffed it into a plastic sandwich bag from the kitchen and slipped it into the front pocket of her suitcase. 
Well, here it was… - solid proof that she was going crazy. Giggling to herself, she turned off the light.
Tuesday in London/ at the Cabin
(Tuesday, August 27th)

London, Swan Offices; 8:55 am
They had all met in the small conference room of the new Swan offices this morning to discuss some accounts that had, so far, been handled by Ellen and Rachel, but were going to be taken over by David and his team as of next month. 
Their first seminar at the conference center didn’t start until 10:30 today. 
Swan’s London offices were located only a block away from Old Spitalsfield market in an older building that had just been remodeled – a building with great character – cool windows, stairways, old cast iron elevator. 
Swan&Co was renting the entire second floor. Half of the office space and the small kitchen, lunch area and the meeting room were already tastefully furnished, the rest was still empty, obviously waiting for the arrival of the new employees. The whole place was bright and inviting, had high ceilings, big windows and hardwood floors.
Rachel and Ellen had spent the last twenty minutes giving detailed information about each of their accounts they were handing over. Now they were issuing some warnings regarding two very special customers, a choleric elderly gentleman who had brought Ellen close to tears more than once, and a Chinese-born American who kept cancelling and changing orders, and who was close to impossible to understand due to his very heavy Chinese accent. 
For D and June, who didn’t have much to contribute to this, the meeting offered a good opportunity to get a first glimpse at the site, to meet the people already working here and to see how they interacted. 
As for David, D found the first impressions she had had of him confirmed: He seemed focused and knowledgeable, but at the same time laid-back, friendly and always up for a joke. His assistant, Alice, was Australian and had told them right away that she had come to London for her sweetheart. She seemed like a chipper, open, smart and hard-working young woman. She was currently doing most of the accounting and some of the exports. Sven, who handled most of the sales and exports, was from Sweden and hadn’t elaborated yet on what had brought him to London. He was tall, blonde, in his early thirties and seemed like nothing could upset or irritate him. And, as Ellen was vividly describing some outrageous thing their choleric customer had done a few months ago, D couldn’t help picturing how Sven, confronted with those problems in the future, would probably just shrug it off and drive the customer wild with his extreme calmness. 
D glanced at June beside her and found her watching Sven with big adoring eyes. Seemed like a replacement for Jim might have already been found. Sven was exactly June’s type… 
The fourth member of David’s team was Günther, the IT guy. He was German, also in his early thirties, and had this tense, geeky and lecturing attitude that reminded her a bit of Pete. 

Lake Cabin; 2:15 pm 
Joe had spent the morning outside on the bench under the willow tree, putting the first parts of the Arlin program into his laptop. He had been so immersed in this that he had almost lost track of time. Only when the smell of grilled food from one of the cabins across the lake had blown over, had he realized that it was already past noon.
He had made himself a sandwich and was just now returning to his place under the tree with a plate in one hand and a glass of lemonade in the other. 
As he sat down and started munching on his sandwich, he pulled his phone out and checked it. 
No new calls, no new messages. 
He told himself that he was relieved. 
He went on to check his emails and read the online news. 
There wasn’t anything exciting.
He took the last bite of his food, put the phone aside, brushed his hands over the plate and pulled the laptop closer again to scroll through the last few things he had put in. 
Suddenly the phone started ringing beside him. 
His eyes darted over to it, his hand on the mouse clenching. When he saw that it was Sarah, he exhaled and picked up.  
“Hi, Sarah!” 
“Hi,” she seemed surprised to have him pick up so promptly and with a friendly tone. “How’s it going?”
“Excellent. I’m sitting outside, under the tree, the sun is shining, the lake is sparkling, the ducks are squawking because I didn’t want to share my sandwich with them, and I’m playing on my computer as you would say.”
“Oh, so you’re working,” Sarah concluded, obviously having learned her lesson. 
“Mhmm. Actually being quite productive, believe it or not! What’s up?”
“I just talked to Mom and we – her, me and Aunt Tess – are going to a comedy performance Thursday night. Just want to see if you wanted to come too. Aunt Tess has an extra ticket. The show’s supposed to be really funny. A woman and her cello.”
“Thursday night?” Joe thought about it for a moment.
“You’re still coming back Thursday, right?”
“Yeah. I need to take the car in in the early afternoon.” He paused. “But why don’t you just go to that thing? I might give you the key for the cabin to take back to Aunt Tess, but…” he broke off.
“You don’t want to come,” Sarah concluded.
“Na, not really.”
“Too many bossy women in one place, or what?”
“Well, I didn’t want to put it that way, but yeah, I think I’ve had enough of Aunt Tess for a while, and I’m not very much into cello music.”
“It’s not cello music, it’s cello comedy!” Sarah retorted, “I checked it out on the internet. Sounds really funny.”
“No thanks. Really…”
“Fine,” Sarah said briskly.
“Why don’t you ask Jack?” Joe suggested.
“Because Mom thought it would be nice if you and me and her…”
“Yeah, well, Mom will get over it. And she won’t mind if it’s Jack instead of me. Might not even know the difference.”
Sarah couldn’t help laughing.
“Well he’s like her second son,” Joe said lightly, “and he’s probably like a second brother to you, so…” He paused, just for effects, “Ask Jack, and everyone should be happy.”
There was a short moment of silence on the other end, and Joe thought he could hear Sarah draw in a breath as if to shoot something back. But then she just grumbled vaguely, “Yeah, I’ll think about it. But I don’t think so. Maybe Aunt Tess wants to invite Thomas… Anyway, I’ve got to go. See you Thursday.” 
Somewhat alarmed by his sister obviously now preferring the extra ticket going to Thomas than to Jack, Joe decided to send a text message:
Hey, Jack,
have you talked to Sarah lately? Everything okay? 
Jack’s response came six minutes later when Joe was already working on his program again:
Think she’s avoiding me.
Frowning, Joe wrote back:
Why don’t you give her a call?
Response:
I did that already. Let me handle it, okay? Please don’t get involved!
Joe:
Okay. Sorry. What happened?
Jack:
Sent her a text asking her out to a (docu) movie. She doesn’t want to go. Found some silly excuse. 
Anyway, let me know when you’re back.
Joe:
Okay. Don’t give up!
Jack:
We’ll see…

London, Conference Center; 3:35 pm
D shifted in her seat, trying hard to concentrate on the PowerPoint presentation the young lady with the heavy Indian accent was projecting to the big screen on stage. The topic was the importance of understanding one’s business partners.
It would have been very interesting – especially the part about body language and small talk rules in various cultures. The only problem was that the presenter’s accent was so thick that a lot of what she said was lost – at least to D. And with things onstage not being exactly captivating, her mind eventually trailed off and started circling around the probability of something just being wrong with Joe’s phone or the connection in general. She was fully aware that these were pathetic contemplations. Still, flat-out ignoring calls didn’t seem to be his style – even if he was angry and frustrated. 
This morning she had even briefly worried that something might be wrong with him – health wise (coma, lost voice, amnesia…). It was highly unlikely, though, as in such a case Sarah would have surely contacted her.
Maybe she should actually call Sarah? This situation and the fact that she couldn’t do anything about it as long as she was stuck here in London was starting to really wear her out. Maybe Sarah would have an idea what was going on. Maybe Sarah could help. Only that Sarah would probably rather not be dragged into this. And it might really piss Joe off.

Lake Cabin; 5:20 pm
As he was biking up a hill behind the cabin, Joe wondered if this trail had always been so long and steep.  Somehow it seemed more exhausting today than he remembered it from the past. This actually qualified as torture…
Determined to make it all the way up nevertheless, he gave himself a push and finally, seriously panting and his calves burning, managed to pedal the last hundred meters to the clearing. 
His legs a bit shaky, he jumped off and just stood motionless for a moment, one hand pulling the break, so the bike wouldn’t roll backwards. His heart was racing and his breathing going like he had just jogged up to the summit of Mount Everest. 
The view from up here was stunning - the sparkling lake and the cabins’ red roofs below him and impressive mountain tops all around. 
He swung his leg over the bike and put the kick-stand down. Then he sat down on the stump of what must have been a very large tree. 
Leaning back on his outstretched arms, he closed his eyes and turned his face to the sun. His breathing had calmed down a bit and he was feeling nicely powered out. 
He was really happy with the progress he was making on his program. He enjoyed being here… This was great… Quiet, peaceful…
 And damn lonely!
He tried to keep his eyes closed and his attitude positive but it wasn’t easy. Especially now that patches of memory of the weekend he had once spent here with Danny started reemerging. It made his chest tighten. That was the kind of stuff he really didn’t want to think about!
When, after a few moments of struggle, it was clear that he couldn’t control his mind enough to steer clear of painful things, he opened his eyes and pushed himself up. 
He got back on his bike and headed back to the cabin. The ride down was easy and fast. 
Time to get back to work. 

London; 6:55 pm
D leaned back in her chair realizing that she had eaten way too much. With Rachel and Ellen returning to Innsbruck tomorrow morning, David had insisted on taking the four of them and his Swan team out for dinner. Colleen had come too. 
They had been in this fancy Indian restaurant for an hour and a half now, several courses of excellent food had been passed around, they had eaten a lot, the food was almost gone and everyone around the table appeared to have reached a coma-like state. 
Slowly the conversations picked up again. 
June asked Sven where he was from exactly and what had brought him to London. He started talking about the small town near Malmö where he had grown up. His sister had just had a baby and he couldn’t wait to visit home and see everyone in October. He also missed the Swedish food – especially things that he couldn’t get at IKEA. Before June could push for more information – particularly the kind that would let her know if there was a girlfriend anywhere, Günther got involved in the food conversation. He spoke about the impossibility of finding proper rye bread anywhere in London and how that really affected his diet. He pointed out how healthy rye bread was and how many different kinds there were in his hometown in Germany and how he personally knew the baker...  He was kind of on a roll and might not have stopped anytime soon if David hadn’t interrupted nicely and started telling a few anecdotes of his early years in London and why he had ended up in London in the first place: Initially, when Harry and he had first considered setting up a one-man office in London six years ago, the plan had been for Harry to be ‘the man’. But then, two months before the planned departure date, Harry had met his future wife, and his leaving had suddenly become an impossibility. 
David laughed as he told this. He shrugged and smiled in Colleen’s direction. “So,” he concluded, “In the end it was me who took the trip… And I’m actually glad that it was me instead of Harry.” 
Everyone laughed at the way he said it, and Colleen reached out, patted his shoulder and smilingly sighed, “Me too!” 

Lake Cabin; 7:55 pm
Just having finished eating some hastily made pasta with leftover lasagna sauce that Sarah had given him from her freezer, Joe leaned back on the bench outside the cabin and glanced at his computer on the table. He had reached a tricky part in his program before dinner, and he still wasn’t quite sure how to solve it. 
He directed his gaze towards the lake, telling himself that he had worked enough for today. Maybe tomorrow he’d have a great solution.
He looked at the mountains across the lake. The sun had set almost half an hour ago, and it was getting darker. And there, between the two most prominent mountain tops, the moon was slowly coming into sight – so far still looking transparent or dimmed because the sky wasn’t real dark yet. But even like this, it was obvious that it was a full moon.

London; 9:25 pm
D got off the tube at Tower Hill and stepped into the cool, but clear London night. After the Indian dinner, some of the others had still wanted to go out to a club. She, along with David, Colleen and Ellen, had decided that she had had enough. She had taken the tube back with Ellen and then gotten off a couple of stops before their destination, telling Ellen that she still wanted to take a quick stroll and some photos on Tower Bridge. 
She pulled her cardigan tighter around herself and followed the pedestrian path that lead over to Tower Bridge. 
There was still a considerable amount of car traffic and a few pedestrians crossing the bridge. 
It was a little windy, especially once she was on the bridge, and she had to hold her face against the wind so her hair wouldn’t blow into her eyes. 
She had gotten about halfway across the bridge, when a young giggling couple came towards her, arms slung around each other, stopping every ten steps for a passionate kiss. It made her turn away and step up to the banister. 
Resting her arms on the railing, she looked down at the water of the river and took a few deep breaths. Then she glanced up at the sky. There was a full moon tonight…
Chewing on her lower lip, she let her gaze wander from the moon above her over to the skyscrapers of the City, and then further to the Tower of London, which was artfully lit at this time of night. 
She dropped her gaze to the water below her again and swallowed. Standing here on the bridge again, it was hard not to think of the first time she’d come here – at the end of her first week as an exchange student…
She had walked about halfway across the bridge, a lump in her throat growing and growing with every step, until she had totally come apart. A hand grabbing hold of the railing of Tower Bridge she had burst into tears. Sobbed like a child. Because it had finally really hit her that this was it – that she was here by herself – without Joe. Until then, she had kept so busy with packing and preparing for the trip, and then with getting set up in the dorm here and with finding her way around the university that it hadn’t totally sunk in yet. Or she hadn’t allowed it to. But standing here on Tower Bridge, three years ago, it had struck her so hard – that she had probably lost Joe. 
She had been sniveling and dabbing her nose with a half-used tissue (the only one she could find in the pocket of her jacket) when an elderly gentleman had stopped and lightly touched her shoulder. He had looked at her with real concern and inquired if she was okay (and not about to throw herself off the bridge). 
She had claimed that she was be fine. 
The man, obviously not convinced at all, had given her an encouraging nod and said something like, “If this is about love, dear, some things are meant to be, and some are not. Time will tell. But you can’t force it.” With this not exactly comforting piece of advice he had handed her a fresh tissue and walked on. 
After this, she had stood there, blowing her nose and trying to pull herself together. 
Suddenly there had been a falling star… 
And she’d made a wish – stubbornly choking down tears, she had wished that Joe and she might still have a chance. That maybe, if she let him be for right now, they could work it out over Christmas break. 
That hadn’t happened, of course. Joe hadn’t even come back to Innsbruck for Christmas. He had been living with Liz by then.
D shivered. Remembering that still made her stomach knot. It had felt like the end of the world. 
It hadn’t been, though…
And now here she was. Three years later. Standing on Tower Bridge again. Feeling crappy about the exact same guy again. Only that this time, she couldn’t blame him for messing things up.
Sucking in a quick breath, she stepped away from the banister and continued her way across the bridge. She took the stairs down to the South Bank Promenade and walked along the river for a few minutes. 
There were still some joggers doing their evening fitness program and several happy-looking couples wandering from or to one of the restaurants along the Thames. 
She sat down on one of the benches that were facing the City skyline, the Swiss Re Building sticking out with its unusual shape.
She checked her watch. It was 9:40 pm. 
She took her phone out and held it in her hand for a moment, trying to keep calm. When she pressed call, her heart was racing, though, and her mouth had turned totally dry.


Lake cabin; 9:41 pm
Joe was sitting cross-legged on the big bed in the cabin loft, a fire burning in the fireplace in the living area below. His computer on his lap, he was scrolling through his program, making small changes here and there. 
He had found a solution for his earlier problem and was now reviewing his work again before he was going call it a night. 
Yawning, he reached for the half-eaten chocolate bar on the bedside table and took a bite. 
That’s when the call came in. 
His eyes flickered over to the phone beside him. What he saw made him stop chewing. 
It was Danny. 
He exhaled and momentarily locked his jaws so tightly, the chocolate and nuts grinding between his teeth, that it almost hurt. 
He stared at the number on the display. Thank God he had not connected this contact with a customized picture yet! Had there been a photo, he couldn’t have done it – not picking up. He would have caved at the third ring. 
He forced himself to resume regular breathing and finally swallowed the chocolate that had by now melted in his mouth. 
The phone kept ringing. 
When he thought he just couldn’t stand it any longer, he bolted up from the bed and climbed down the ladder to the living room. 
Time to put some more wood on the fire. 

London, South Bank Promenade; 9:42 pm
After eight rings that D experienced through a thickening haze, the call went into voice mail. 
She hung up before she would have to hear his chipper voice telling her – again – that he couldn’t take her call, but that he’d get back to her. By now she was relatively sure that he wouldn’t.
She shakily rose from the bench and, her mind blank, headed back across the bridge.
Wednesday in London /at the Cabin
(Wednesday, August 28th)

Lake cabin; 3:30 am
Joe gasped for air, his eyes flying open and his heart thumping heavily. 
It took him a moment to realize that he was in his aunt’s cabin. 
It was dark outside and rain was pelting against the windows and onto the roof right above him. 
He had had this dream. And it had seemed so real and he just wished he didn’t remember any of it. He definitely didn’t want to think about it. Only that he couldn’t avoid it now. Not when he thought he could still literally feel Liz’s mouth on his and at least one of her hands in his shorts – with results that outlasted the dream. This was just sick. 
What was even sicker though, and that was just dawning on him slowly, was that the setting of this dream had been in Sarah’s kitchen. With himself leaning against the counter, Liz pressed against him, doing that thing with her hand, and Danny suddenly appearing in the doorway. What had woken him up, was Dream-Danny grabbing the pull-down sprayer from the kitchen faucet, turning it on and pointing it straight at him, the ice-cold water hitting the side of his face…
Lying motionless in bed, the immediate effects of the dream slowly fading a bit, he listened to the rain. Finally he got up and climbed down from the loft to get a glass of water. Sipping it, he stepped up to the window and looked out into the darkness. It was pouring out there.
He released a long breath and told himself that he really wasn’t to blame for the crap he dreamed. Most of the time he didn’t remember it anyway – probably a good thing. And thinking about good things: as sick and twisted as this Liz-in-action dream may have been, he probably had to consider himself lucky that he hadn’t had the same kind of dream with Danny as the hands-on protagonist. That, he realized, would have thrown him back light-years… 

London, D’s hotel room 6:30 am
D was standing in the bathroom. The towel she had wrapped around herself was starting to come undone while she was trying to put some mascara on. She tucked the towel back in place and continued getting ready for this last day in London. June and she were going to the Swan office in two hours for a meeting with David and the others to officially talk about the export jobs. Just thinking about this made her feel extremely on the edge. She was trying to tell herself that this didn’t mean she’d necessarily have to transfer to London in the end. Of course she didn’t have to do anything she didn’t want. Only that, first of all, she had no idea anymore what it was she really wanted, and secondly, pulling out of the job thing would be a bit embarrassing at this point.
Blinking at her own reflection in the mirror, she wiped a stray eyelash from her cheek and told herself that she’d just have to go through with it for right now – collect all the information, get an impression and see how things turned out. Who knew, maybe she’d get back to Innsbruck and find that her moving to London was an excellent idea. 
Because really, who knew what Sarah’s brother was up to…

Lake cabin; 7:50 am
Joe flopped onto his back and exhaled. What a crappy night! He had fallen into a very unrestful sleep after his little intense nightmare and was feeling gloomy, sleepy and irritated this morning. And he was getting kind of hungry too.

London, 2:15 pm  
A little after two o’clock, D and June stepped out of the building that housed the Swan offices into a bleak but fortunately not rainy afternoon.
The meeting had gone well. There had been a relaxed, friendly atmosphere and June had had thousands of questions, most of which David or Alice had answered patiently.
D had mainly listened and only asked very few things herself. Everything seemed clear and straightforward anyway. She could see herself working with these people. Günther had the potential to get on her nerves in the long run, but it seemed like there was one such co-worker wherever you went. 
David had released them with good wishes for their trip home and the assurance that, as far as he was concerned, the two of them joining his team would be a perfect match. He just needed to make sure Harry could really live with both of them transferring. 

Lake Cabin; 6:05 pm
Joe scrolled through his work on the computer screen one more time. The program was finished! With the weather having been disgusting until maybe half an hour ago, he had worked on it since the morning, with only two short breaks – one for lunch and one for a quick coffee to overcome a sleepy-spell around two.
He quickly attached his finished work to an e-mail and sent it on to Steve. 
Hi Steve,
attached is the Arlin program. Should work. Can you check and run it? Let me know.
Thanks!
Joe
He stretched, tilted his head from side to side to loosen up and then rose from the chair with a big yawn. 
He walked over to the door and pushed it open. 
The air outside was still cool, but the sky had cleared up, the sun was peeking through some patches of clouds and the ground outside the cabin looked as if it were steaming. 
Rubbing his eyes, he contemplated what to do with the rest of his day. After having been inside until now, he felt like he needed to get out and do something.
Finally he climbed up to the loft and changed from his sweats, that he was still wearing, into jeans and a T-shirt. He would ride his bike along the lake into the small town and have something to eat there.  

London, Oxford Street; 6:20 pm
“This will be so much fun,” June beamed and snuck her arm under D’s. “I love this city, I like the people, David and the others seem really nice, and… I’m sooo excited!”
“Yeah, it’s great,” D nodded with a big smile that took all her strength. She needed to show at least some enthusiasm, even if it made her feel extremely dishonest because she actually didn’t feel much right now apart from the extremely urgent need to get home to Innsbruck.
“What’s wrong?” June had stopped walking and was giving her a searching look.
“What?” D let out a forced chuckle. “Nothing’s wrong, why?”
“I don’t know,” June shrugged, not letting D out of her sight. “You just don’t seem like yourself recently. Actually, since just before we left Innsbruck. You seem kind of – down.”
“Well, I’m not,” D claimed.
“Maybe not down,” June corrected herself. “But something’s bothering you.”
For a moment D still considered denying it, but then she just let out a resigned breath. “That obvious, huh?” 
“To me, yeah.” June nodded with a smile. “What’s up, D?”
Glancing at the floor, D tried to decide what to tell June. Finally she cleared her throat and looked up. “There’s this guy…”

Lake town; 7:25 pm
“Are you still waiting for someone or are you ready to order?”
The young waitress tilted her head and gave Joe an expectant smile.
“I’m ready,” he said. “No one else coming…” 
After she had put his order into her little machine, she stuck around for a moment giving him an undecided, squinting look. “Are you staying at the cabin up at the lake? The one on the west side?”
“Yeah, why?”
“I think I saw you with your bike yesterday.”
“Oh, really? Yeah, I guess I was dragging myself up the hill yesterday…”
She smiled a broad smile, revealing perfectly aligned teeth. “My grandparents own the cabin just above yours. And I’m staying there while I have my summer job here.” She nudged her head towards the restaurant. Then she laughed. “I’m like… all by myself.” She laughed again. “I like it. Makes me feel so grown up!”
Joe laughed, wondering how old she was. Maybe twenty? 
“Okay, I’ll be back with your order,” she announced and disappeared.
While he waited, Joe watched the people that were strolling by beyond the planters that divided the restaurant’s outside seating area from the public square with the artsy fountain. People-watching was always good entertainment.
“Here, some perfect roast chicken and fries.” The girl had reappeared with a large plate of food. 
“Looks great,” Joe said as she set it down in front of him, leaning down far enough to reveal a sample view of a nice lace bra and its generous contents.
“I’m Lisa, by the way,” she told him and straightened up again, her blue-grey eyes locking with his.
“Joe,” he said and unrolled the silverware from the napkin.
“You’re at the cabin by yourself?” she inquired lightly.
“Yep,” he nodded.
There wasn’t much going on in the restaurant at the moment as most people seemed to eat later. With no other customers to tend to, Lisa was in no particular hurry to move on. 
“I think we’re the only two lonely people out there,” she contemplated with a little giggle. “Everyone else seems to have their entire extended family with them.”
“Yeah, seems like it,” Joe said vaguely and quickly took a sip from his glass.
“Okay, enjoy your food,” she said and left.

London, D’s hotel room, 8:15 pm
D had just wished June a good night in the corridor outside their rooms. After two long nights of going out, even June was powered out and hadn’t had anything against returning to the hotel right after dinner. 
On the tube, D had heard her phone beep in her pocket with a message coming in, but she had resisted the urge to pull it out and check it right away. 
Alone in her room now, she finally felt able to have a look. 
The message was from Pete:
Danielle,
I’ll be in Innsbruck again next Friday. Can we meet late afternoon – neutral place, your choice – and you can give me my stuff? 
Pete
She typed back:
Okay. Café at the river? 4:30pm?
Then she started packing. 

Lakeside town; 9:30 pm
Joe glanced at Lisa who was twisting the straw of her cocktail between her fingers, her eyes on her glass. 
She had insisted on taking him to this place – a café/bar with live music that she had supposedly been coming to since she was a little kid. 
Going out with her had not been the plan, of course. It had only come up when she had brought him the check and informed him that she was off in twenty minutes. 
“I mean…” she had smiled and shrugged. “If you wanna do something afterwards. Since we’re both all by ourselves…”
For a moment he had hesitated. Then he had said, “Sure, I’ll just stick around then.”
 They had been here for half an hour now, sitting at a table outside, sipping their drinks. Lisa had talked a lot – about having been raised by her grandparents after her very young single mother had apparently run off with some guy who wanted to travel the world. 
Surprisingly, she seemed fine about it. “Grandma and Grandpa are great,” she told him. “I actually call them by their first names. Couldn’t have wished for better parents.” 
Then she had gotten into talking – in a little more detail than Joe really felt comfortable with – about her last boyfriend who, in her opinion, had been way too immature. The examples she gave for his alleged immaturity didn’t prove a whole lot, but Joe politely refrained from pointing that out to her and just nodded. All in all she was nice, entertaining company. So, why upset her to defend a guy he didn’t even know? She still had the bubbliness of someone who hadn’t been out of school very long. She said she had just turned twenty-one and was studying biology. 
Up ahead the band, three men in their sixties, had just come on the small stage and were setting up their equipment. 
“So how old are you?” Lisa asked.
Joe tore his eyes away from the stage and turned to face her. 
“Twenty-seven,” he said and picked up his glass.
“Okay,” she seemed to think about that for a moment. “Where are you from?” she asked then.
“Innsbruck.”
“I’m studying there, you know,” she exclaimed as if they had just discovered a major coincidence.
“Oh, really?” Joe said with a polite smile.
“Mhmm. Do you have a girlfriend?”
He faltered for a moment at the blunt question. Then he slowly shook his head. “Nope.”  
Before she could ask anything else, the band started playing. And Lisa grimaced. “Shit, I didn’t think about the fact that it’s Wednesday,” she said apologetically. “Really sorry. Guess Wednesday is Oldies’ night…”
Joe laughed. “It’s fine,” he said. “Seems like they’re pretty good. Nothing wrong with Oldies.”
Her face lit up. She seemed relieved. “Okay. Then let’s dance!” She jumped up and, beaming at him, extended her hand. “Come on!”
Joe considered if there was any good way to get out of this, but Lisa had already grabbed his hand and was pulling on it, giving him a pouting look. So he got up and they danced. 
She was easy to twirl around. The first fast songs got them both a bit out of breath. Then, eventually, the band played a slower song. And with the way Lisa slung her arms around his neck and snuggled up to him, Joe knew for sure what he had avoided to consciously acknowledge so far: that what he was doing here – or letting her do – might eventually land them in the bed of either his cabin or that of her grandparents.
He had somehow expected that his telling her that he was six years older would scare her off. It surely didn’t seem like it, though – on the contrary. Holding her like this, he could clearly feel her breath against the side of his neck, her fingers trailing up into his hair and her chest against his. And against any good judgment he pulled her closer still. It made her lift her head a bit and give him a raised eyebrow smile before she rested her cheek against his shoulder again.

London, D’s hotel room, 11:40 pm
D had finished packing – except for the things she still needed tomorrow morning – and the green toothbrush that was still lying on her bedside table. 
She had gotten ready for bed, turned off the lights and tried to go to sleep. But then she couldn’t. The prospect of being back in Innsbruck tomorrow and how to further pursue the quest to finally talk to Sarah’s brother, had made her head spin. With all kinds of What-if’s.
Releasing a resigned breath, D finally turned the light back on. 
She got up and pulled her laptop out of the carry on that she had already stuffed it into. Sitting down on the bed, she turned it on. She’d try an e-mail to Joe. Even if she’d never send it. It was just something she felt she needed to do right now. 
Her fingers had already started flying over the keyboard before she had made up her mind what it really was, she wanted to say. Words appeared on the screen:
Dear Joe,
I don’t even know
She deleted everything and started over.
Joe,
I tried to call you, which I’m sure you know, but somehow
D deleted again and gave it another try:
Hi,
I’m sitting in my hotel room wondering 
Deleted, started over.
Joe,
I really wish you’d picked up your phone and we could have talked. 
Huffing out an irritated breath, she hung her head and dropped her gaze from the screen to her hands on the keyboard. She deleted what she had written and tried again.
Joe,
I’m not sure what’s going on. I tried to call you. You didn’t pick up. Your stupid voice mail message says that you’d call me back. Hahaha! You haven’t. But then again, I didn’t leave a message. Maybe you only call people back who leave messages? Not sure what I was supposed to say, however. I’m here in London, I’d really like to talk to you, but Grrr….
D stopped typing. Closed her eyes. Swallowed. Opened her eyes again. This was silly! Sending him anything in writing when she neither knew what she really wanted to tell him nor which kind of mood he might be in when he read it, was crazy. She had survived until now and she’d survive the last eighteen or so hours until she was home again and could actually, maybe, hopefully catch him in person. 
Somehow the experimental messages had a positive effect, though. It almost seemed as if just letting her fingers loose, helped sort out thoughts and feelings better than sitting and brooding. So she started another message. One that she knew she would never ever send – one that was only for herself.
Dear Joe,
guess you`re angry – or dead. Because otherwise you would have probably picked up your phone or called me back. I didn’t think just ignoring calls was your style. But maybe by now I’ve maneuvered myself into the same category as Liz – someone you don’t even want to talk to. The worst part is that I can’t even really blame you. (And you know I would much rather blame anyone but myself ;)) I’m so sorry about what I said Wednesday night – and I mean the things I said to you at the car and not the stuff I said to Liz in the kitchen! 
I really wasn’t fair to you! It’s not true that I don’t know who you are or that I want you to back off. I know exactly who you are, because you’re still who you’ve always been. Just maybe with a little less temper and slightly more patience. 
For what it’s worth: I didn’t want to see you when you came to the grill party, but you’ve still got it. That questionable talent to sweep me off my feet.
It drives me crazy and I can’t wait to see you and I just really hope you don’t back off!

Lake cabin; 11:10 pm
Joe yanked the T-shirt over his head and just dropped it. He hastily undid his jeans and pulled them down. Stepping out of them, he almost fell over when his left foot got caught, but eventually he kicked himself free. 
The jeans landed a little ways away on the ground. 
He took a few steps forward.
Felt the cold water around his feet. 
He kept walking, the water coming up to his knees now. 
Finally he just flung himself forward into the cold, dark lake. 
He dove down as far as he could, dug both his hands into soft ground, grabbed a handful of mud and let it escape through his fingers as he swam further, trying to stay close to the ground until he ran out of air and resurfaced with a gasp. 

Lisa and he had been dancing slow and very close for a while when the band had started playing a song that had let him come to a complete and awkward halt. Against all Odds – a Phil Collins song. Already at the first few chords he had felt the full impact. Like a kick in the stomach. 
Lisa, totally oblivious, had given him a dreamy look. “This is such a great, sad song,” she had whispered and cuddled up to him.
Somehow he had managed to pull himself together and continue dancing with her. It had felt as if the floor underneath him was totally unstable. This song… It had been on the CD he had made Danny a few years ago. And it was absolutely hitting a nerve even today. Maybe more than ever.
‘Take a look at me now…’ the man on the stage was singing.
Joe huffed out a breath that made Lisa stir in his arms and giggle with a flirtatious look up. 
Yeah - take a look at me now. Dancing with this young woman, her fingers playing in his hair, her breath against his neck, her chest against his. Take a look at me now… 
After three days of successfully ignoring Danny’s calls, of ducking all the things he didn’t want to feel for her, of telling himself that he’d be just fine, it all caught up with him here on the dancefloor. ‘You’re the only one who ever knew me at all… so, take a look at me now…’ He was so not over it…

Joe turned on his back, paddled a little with his hands just to keep afloat and stared up at the sky – and the moon that wasn’t quite full anymore. He had no idea how he had eventually made it through the song. He didn’t remember much of the last dance. It was all one big blur in retrospect. His legs must have been moving alright, though – even if his mind had been somewhere else entirely.
Once the song had ended, he had told Lisa that he needed to head home. He claimed to have just remembered about a very important business call that was going to come in via FaceTime in half an hour from overseas. 
Lisa had been very sweet and understanding and had even suggested he just come by her cabin after the call. The intention had been crystal-clear. He had told her that he might not be able to make it tonight, so sorry, those calls could take forever and usually required him to do some work afterwards. Maybe they could hook up some other time. 
He had paid for the drinks, walked her to her car, had given her a harmless kiss on the cheek, found his bike and headed back to the cabin. 
It had taken him ten minutes to get back – ten minutes of memories popping up left and right. Memories of things he wished would just stay buried in the very back of his mind. Memories of the time he and Danny had spent at the cabin - almost five years ago…
Take a look at me now!!!
They had taken a midnight swim one night – going in with bathing attire, coming out without, glued to each other and heading straight for the mattress they had dragged down in front of the fireplace from upstairs.
Plagued by these kinds of thoughts, he had reached the cabin. He had felt almost sick by then. It was plain scary how it obviously just took the right piece of music to do this to him. 
He had leaned the bike against the table and gotten out of his clothes. He needed a cold swim - a very cold swim! Maybe that would help…
…calling you anyway   
(Wednesday, August 28th)

Sarah said goodbye to her four colleagues outside the Italian restaurant at the mall and walked around the building. She was the only one who had parked in the back.  It was her specialty to always park the furthest away – an old habit from a time when her parking skills had been very poor and she had felt safer, parking where no one else did. Joe liked to wind her up about this whenever he rode in the car with her and ended up having to walk across an entire parking lot or further.
It had been a spontaneous decision tonight to join the little group from the lab for an impromptu goodbye party for Beatrice – a colleague, who was going on maternity leave in a few days. 

Sarah slipped into her car, buckled up and turned the key in the ignition. There was a weird sound, but the car didn’t start. She turned it off again, waited a moment and then tried it once more. Again, there was this strange noise, as if the engine was turning, but it just didn’t get to the point where it would fire up. Sarah made a third attempt. With the exact same result. Her heart dropped. 
Biting down on her lower lip, she said a quick prayer and tried it one more time. With no success.
Finally she slammed her hands on the steering wheel and growled. 
Shit! 
What absolutely crappy timing! 
She leaned back in her seat. 
Her colleagues were long gone and probably wouldn’t have been much help anyway. 
Joe was out of town, and so was D. 
That left Jack, of course. 
Sarah checked the time. It was 11:05 pm. 
Jack had wanted to go to the movies tonight, right? 
The film was probably over by now, but who knew how his evening had turned out. 
Who knew if he was even alone? 
After her rejecting the invitation to join him, he might have worked up the courage to just ask his mystery woman instead. Maybe he was with her right now… 
She couldn’t call Jack with car problems when he might be caught up in activities she didn’t even want to think about! 
Or could she? 
Some evil part of her was all for it, actually. Call him, yeah. Call him, no matter what he might be doing and with whom! If he really happened to be with Miss Whoever-she-was, that woman could as well learn right away that Jack had some other urgent obligations as well… 
It rang four times then Jack picked up.
“Sarah, Hi…” He sounded surprised. 
“Bad time?” She suddenly felt guilty for calling him.
“No, it’s fine, I was actually on my way to bed…” 
“Oh, I thought you’re probably just getting home from the movie.”
“I didn’t go.”
“Oh. Why not?”
“Didn’t feel like it. Since you turned me down…”
“I didn’t turn you down. I just – ahm…” She hated herself for babbling incoherent stuff like that. “Are you alone?”
Jack coughed out a laugh. “Yes. Why do you ask? Do you wanna come over?” 
Sarah felt a heat wave hit her. “No, I – I actually couldn’t, even if I wanted to. I’ve got a problem with my car.”
“Why? What’s wrong?”
“Won’t start.”
“Where are you?”
“At the parking lot behind the River Mall. I spontaneously decided to join a bunch of colleagues, and… well, now I’m stuck.”
“What are the symptoms?”
“What? Oh, it’s not starting. It sounds like it’s close, but it just doesn’t start. I don’t think it’s the battery, though. Didn’t have anything turned on, and it’s relatively new too.” She let out a little sigh. “Anyway, Joe’s out of town…”
“Right. Oh, that’s why I get the honor.”
“That’s not true. I just… I didn’t want to bother you.”
Jack laughed. “You’re not bothering me,” he said decisively. “Okay?”
“Okay,” Sarah said in a small voice.
“Good. So – I’ll leave right away. Need to go by the dealerhip first, though and get the Jeep. Because, if I need to tow you, I can’t do it with the old BMW. It’ll probably take me twenty minutes.”
“Okay,” Sarah said. “I’ll wait. Thanks, Jack.”
“No problem!”
~~~
Thirty-five minutes later the Jeep was parked next to Sarah’s car and Jack, in his sweats and a T-shirt, was leaning over the engine compartment, frowning.
Sitting in the driver’s seat with the door open, Sarah was waiting for further instructions when to try and start the car again. 
 “Might be the fuel pump,” she heard Jack say as he stepped around the car and passed by her door, giving her a lopsided smile. 
He went over to the Jeep and got a small rubber hammer out from the back. “Just need something to hit it with.”
She heard him fiddle with something in her trunk and finally, there was a loud clunk – the noise of the hammer hitting something metallic. “Okay, now try and start it…” 
She turned the key in the ignition – and the car started as if there had never been any problem at all. 
“Great!!!” Clapping her hands Sarah was about to turn the engine off again, jump out of the car and possibly give Jack a hug.
“Wait. Don’t turn it off!” Jack had come up beside her. “Now that it’s running, we better try to get it to the dealership. You may need a new fuel pump if it just craps out like that. So, I’d like to look at it tomorrow. Just don’t turn it off until we get over there.”
Sarah slowly nodded. “Okay. Thanks.”
“Sure,” Jack said, “Just follow me, we’ll park your car there, I’ll drop off the Jeep and then I’ll take you home.”
~~~
“Sarah…” 
She had been about to get into his car, but the serious tone made her falter and turn around to him.
His hand on the passenger door of his ancient BMW he gave her a firm look. “Can I ask you something?”
The tone made her stomach knot. “Sure…”
“Are you avoiding me lately or am I just imagining it?”
Dripping Bathroom Faucet…
(Thursday, August 29th)

Thursday morning Joe left the cabin a lot earlier than planned because at 5:30 am three or four cats had started meowing, moaning and hissing somewhere just below his window, and there had been no way to keep sleeping through it. So, he had gotten up, had had a quick shower and breakfast, cleaned up the cabin, turned off the water heater and headed back to Innsbruck. 
The plan was to go to the house first, drop off his stuff – except for his bike. Then he’d take the Volvo to the dealership and ride the bike home. 
It was 9:10 when he turned into their street. 
With the house coming into sight, he noticed the old BMW that was parked in the driveway. 
He squinted. It was kind of a strange time for Jack to be here. Shouldn’t he be at work? 
As he parked the Volvo alongside the street, he wondered if there might be something wrong. He pulled out his phone and checked if Sarah had tried to call while he might have been without coverage on the road over the mountain.
There were no calls. 
Looking at the phone immediately made his throat tighten, though – at the memory of the calls there had been and that he had refused to take.
Shoving the phone back into his pocket, he climbed out of the car. With the cooler in hand, he walked up to the front door and unlocked it, expecting Sarah’s chatter and Jack’s calm voice from the living room or the kitchen. The house turned out to be dead quiet. 
He walked down the hallway and into the kitchen and found it deserted. On the table were used breakfast dishes for two, along with a jar of jelly and honey, some cut meats and cheeses that still looked relatively fresh and a bread basket with a roll still left inside. 
Joe raised his eyebrows. Okay… He set the cooler down beside the fridge and then returned to the hallway. 
“Sarah!?” he called.
When there was no answer, he called again. “Sarah!?” - this time loud enough to raise the dead, in case there happened to be any.  
Suddenly there was rumbling from upstairs, like a chair being pushed over in Sarah’s room, and then her door flew open. 
“Joe?” she called – out of breath and sounding a little stunned.
Seconds later she appeared on top of the stairs, wrapped in her oversized blue bathrobe, face flushed, eyes blinking a little more than necessary. “Hi, you’re here early,” she babbled with a smile that looked very forced.
“Yeah,” Joe shrugged, “Some stupid cats woke me up at five-thirty…” He gave her a searching look. “Are you okay? That’s Jack’s car outside, right? Is he here?”
Sarah seemed to falter for a moment. “Ahm… Yeah, he’s… I had a problem with my car.”
“Oh,” Joe nodded. “Okay.” His mind was still processing the information and struggling with some pieces that just wouldn’t fit properly. 
“And now Jack’s just… fixing something in the bathroom,” Sarah said louder than necessary. She was avoiding looking at him. “The faucet was kind of dripping.”
“Oh…” Joe said again. He watched her come down the stairs, her hand tightly holding on to the handrail and her eyes fixed on the steps. Suddenly he saw with absolute clarity that the thing that didn’t make any sense here, was her still wearing that bathrobe. That, and the breakfast dishes in the kitchen. 
He was about to pointedly inquire how she could have possibly noticed something being wrong with her car when she was still in her bathrobe? And what’s up with the breakfast dishes? 
Something changing in her posture now made him reconsider this approach, though. About halfway down the stairs she seemed to have straightened up, and she had raised her eyes and was looking straight at him – her expression not uncomfortable or insecure anymore, but strangely determined – or rather, challenging.  
So, while Joe knew that any halfway attentive brother with half a brain would have started asking some questions here and now, he found it safer to refrain. He wouldn’t challenge her on her silly story. Mainly because she seemed to be expecting just that. 
“I see,” he said instead and gave her his best smile. “Car problems and a running faucet.” There was a slightly mocking edge to the way he said it. “Well, I’m glad Jack’s here to help then.” Having said that, he turned and walked into the kitchen to unload the cooler.
Sarah followed him and started taking the breakfast dishes from the table over to the dishwasher.
Joe pretended to be immersed in moving things from the cooler into the fridge. Of course, any attentive brother would have asked her who she had had breakfast with (Jack?) and when (before or after the car problems had emerged?)
“There’s some coffee left if you want,” Sarah said behind him. “And bread.”
Joe nodded, his eyes on the last thing he was taking out of the cooler. 
“Yeah, sure. Thanks.” He was finding this increasingly weird. So, Jack had had breakfast here and Sarah was still in her bathrobe. And she didn’t even care to try and cover it up?
He took a coffee mug out of the cabinet and filled it with the remaining coffee.
Behind him, Sarah was noisily putting the silverware into the dishwasher. 
Joe stirred sugar into his coffee and then turned around, leaning against the counter. 
“So, Jack got your car fixed then?” he asked as he rose the cup to his lips. 
Sarah seemed to come to a brief halt, but then reached for the honey jar and took it to the cabinet above the microwave. 
“Actually,” she said over her shoulder, “The problem with the car was last night.” She turned around to face him now. “It’s still at Jack’s Dad’s dealership.” 
Joe felt his jaw drop before he could stop himself.  Sarah had crossed her arms over her chest and gave him a challenging look.
 “O-kay,” he said slowly. So she was openly admitting that Jack had been here all night? Because that’s what this was, right? Joe was just contemplating asking her for confirmation, when he heard footsteps coming down the stairs. Right. Jack was still here, too.
“Hi… Joe.” Jack appeared in the doorway. He seemed clearly uncomfortable.
“Hello Jack!” Joe beamed. “I hear you helped Sarah with her car last night and fixed something in the bathroom this morning.” 
Jack’s eyes darted from Joe to Sarah, his expression undecided, maybe questioning.
Joe took another sip from his coffee, then set the mug down beside him. “I’ll be right back,” he said, pushing himself away from the counter. “Gotta unpack my stuff and then take the car in.” As he squeezed by Jack, who was still standing in the doorway, he gave him a quick, friendly pat on the back.
~~~
Sarah looked after her brother, then directed her gaze at Jack and shrugged uncomfortably. “He wasn’t supposed to be back before noon,” she said apologetically.
Jack pulled his mouth into a hesitant smile. “Well, I guess he knows now.” 
Sarah slowly nodded. “Yeah…” There was a short pause. “Am I seeing ghosts or was he not very surprised?”
“I don’t know,” Jack said. “I just came down, so I have no idea how surprised he was initially. But with you in your bathrobe and the breakfast dishes still around…”
Sarah nodded gloomily. 
~~~
Back at the car, Joe took the laptop bag and his duffle bag out of the trunk and then slammed it shut. From the corner of his eye he could see Jack coming out of the house, so he unzipped the duffle bag and pretended to be fiddling with something.
“Do you need a ride back afterwards?” Jack called over to him.
“No, that’s alright.” Joe shook his head. “I’m  just going to ride the bike back. Thanks, though!”
Jack had come up beside the Volvo and was uncomfortably rubbing the back of his neck.
“You’re probably late for work anyway,” Joe said, unable to suppress a little smirk.
Jack dropped his gaze and blew out a tense breath. “Yeah, I actually am pretty late for work. I’ll talk to you later, okay?”
Joe nodded and laughed. “Mhmm, don’t worry about it. I think I’m in the picture…” 
Jack grimaced. “I was afraid of that.”
“I think it’s great,” Joe said lightly.
“Right.” Jack nodded, obviously unsure how to respond to this.
“Sometime I’d like to hear how you got there, though,” Joe chuckled.
“Yeah, maybe sometime!” Jack said, mirroring the chuckle. Then he turned around and headed to his car.
~~~
Sarah had gone upstairs after Jack had left and was having a shower. The little scene in her kitchen kept playing over and over in her head while the warm water was raining down on her. 
The first shock at Joe’s unexpectedly early return, and at being almost caught making out with Jack had faded. Thank God, though, that Jack and she hadn’t been making out in the kitchen where it had initially started right after breakfast… 
She had been glad at first that Joe hadn’t questioned her ridiculous explanation for Jack’s being here. But then, the longer Joe had just nodded and smiled, the more suspicious she had found his lack of skepticism. 
~~~
Joe returned to the house forty minutes later on his bike. 
Sarah was in the living room, talking to Mom on the phone about where and when to meet tonight for the music/comedy show. From the hallway he heard her inquire if Aunt Tess still had the extra ticket and, if so, it would be okay to bring Jack… 
Joe decided to head upstairs before Sarah could get off the phone. 
~~~
He had been in his room for maybe ten minutes when there was a knock on the door. 
He grumbled a permission to enter, having a vague idea of what was to come. He’d rather not do this now, but there probably was no way to avoid it…
“Hi,” she said curtly as she entered.
“Hi.” He pushed his dresser drawer shut, folded up his empty duffle bag and shoved it into the closet.
When he turned around to Sarah again, she was standing in the doorway, her arms crossed over her chest. Not a good sign.
He went to perch on his desk. 
“I thought you’d be dying to ask me things about Jack?” she said. 
“Like what?” He was trying for a puzzled tone. 
“Oh, I don’t know.” She strolled into the room and sat down on his bed.  
Joe ran a hand through his hair and looked at the floor. Well, he could as well just do it… 
“Sure,” he said as lightly as he could. “I can ask you this: Is something going on between you and Jack?” It came out sounding less like a serious question than a rehearsed line from a theatre play. 
When there was no immediate answer, his eyes trailed up to her.
“Yep,” Sarah said with a jerky shrug. “There’s a lot going on…” The announcement was made with some stubbornness. “Because, as it happens, I found out that Jack didn’t really meet anyone but…” she fell silent and tilted her head challengingly. 
Joe blinked, feeling uncomfortable. 
“But you knew that anyway, didn’t you?” There was an accusing edge.
“Knew what?” Joe asked, pretending to have no idea.
“Oh, don’t give me that, Joe,” she blasted. “Now it all makes perfect sense. You telling me about Jack’s abs.”
Joe had to keep himself from laughing out loud. Obviously that had left quite an impression.
“On the ride back from the hotel,” Sarah said as if to help him remember. “I actually thought you’d somehow lost it – telling me about that…” She shook her head.
Joe threw his hands up and bowed his head. “Okay, okay… I had a vague idea. Alright?” A smirk appeared on his face. “Well, now that you’ve seen the abs with your own eyes –”
“You had a vague idea or you knew exactly?” Sarah interrupted him sharply.
He grimaced and glanced to the side. “Do I have to answer that?”
“You just did!” Sarah announced. 
He shrugged, giving her an apologetic smile. “I just –”
“You’re just horrible,” she hissed.
“I’m glad it worked out, though,” he said.
Sarah coughed. “Yeah and I bet you think it’s all thanks to you.”
He shook his head. “Not at all. I’m just surprised at your speed in this.” 
“Huh?” her eyes widened. “Who are you to point fingers?”
“I’m not pointing fingers. I’m just observing,” he corrected. “Knowing you, I would have thought you’d keep poor, old Jack at arm’s length for the next…” He feel silent when he saw her face turn from angry to deadly. 
“Well, maybe you just don’t know me all that well, little brother,” she snarled.
Joe shrugged. “Maybe… Or – obviously.” He grinned. “Anyway, I think it’s great!”
“Yeah, whatever,” she grumbled. “Anything to make you happy…”
Can I come by?
(Thursday, August 29th)

It was four-thirty in the afternoon when D unlocked the door to her home. 
She set the suitcase down in the entryway, hung up her jacket and walked across the living room where she dropped her purse on the coffee table. Then she opened the door to the deck. The weather in Innsbruck must have been really warm while she had been gone. It was hot and stuffy in here.
With the air streaming in from outside now, it did seem to get a little less stuffy, but definitely not much cooler. A quick glance at the digital weather station on the shelf showed that it was about 10 degrees warmer here than it had been in London.
She went over to the kitchen, poured herself a glass of apple juice from the fridge and sat down at the bar. She couldn’t wait to get out of her clothes and have a shower! It had been seven hours since they had left the hotel for the airport and she felt sticky, thirsty and worn out.
Drinking her apple juice, she swiveled back and forth on the barstool and gazed towards her purse on the coffee table. She hadn’t checked the phone since she had landed. Not only because June had been around all the time, but also because she dreaded to even look.
She had reached the point where as much as just thinking of that phone made her throat tighten.
She finished her juice. Then, after another moment of hesitation, she slipped off the barstool and took the few steps over to the sofa. She sat down, took her purse and felt the anxiety rise. 
With unsteady hands she pulled out her phone. 
When she saw that there was a text message, her heart skipped a beat and then started racing.
It turned out to be nothing but another roaming info…
Slumping into the back cushion of the sofa, D drew in a few breaths. Of course, there was still nothing from Joe. She should be used to it by now, but somehow she wasn’t.
The phone cradled in her hands, she kept staring at the display. Tried to get herself to do it, call him again.
But then she decided to first have a shower and get into some cooler clothes.
In the bathroom she got undressed, put her hair up and stepped under the shower. Her mind was spinning and her stomach cramped. Now that she was back in Innsbruck, there was no way around trying to tackle the issues with Joe. Find out what was going on. She might go crazy if she didn’t do that very soon. Only that she was scared to death.

A few minutes later she stepped in front of the bathroom mirror, a towel wrapped around herself. She looked tired but okay. There was no need and no energy to do anything with her hair or face right now. And even if there were, for what?
She picked up one of her perfume flasks and sprayed some on herself, the nice scent improving the mood and the self-confidence at least marginally.
Lost in thought, she went to the bedroom, dropped the used clothes on the chair next to the window and slipped into the first two pieces of matching clothing she came across – a pair of white pants and a blue short-sleeve blouse. When the many buttons on the blouse turned out to be a real challenge for her unsteady hands, she realized that she should have just pulled on a T-shirt. What was she getting dressed for, anyway?
Nervously clearing her throat, she returned to the living room.
She sat down and took her phone, her heart immediately racing again. There had been no calls or messages in the meantime, of course. She hadn’t expected any.
She tapped her finger on the display until she got to the list of calls. Her finger hovering over Joe’s name, she hesitated for a moment. Then, her throat tightening, she pressed call. 
She counted the rings. 
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, voice mail. 
“Hi, you’ve reached Joe Reilley…”
Her mind blank and her hands and fingers only moving in delayed motions, she hung up. 
She let herself sink against the back cushion and swallowed hard. 
This had to end!
She straightened up a bit and, with a few taps on her phone, chose another number.
It rang twice, then Sarah picked up.
“Hi D!” She sounded a bit too neutrally-friendly. “So, you’re back!”
“Hi! Yeah, I’m back.” D struggled for an upbeat tone. “Just got in an hour ago… How are you?”
“I’m good,” Sarah said, “Just getting ready to go out. I’m going to a comedy thing with Mom, Aunt Tess and Jack.”
“Oh. Great…” D said, “Sounds like fun.” She was about to ask if Joe wasn’t going as well, when Sarah asked: “So how was London?”
“Good,” she responded reflexively. “It was good. Interesting.”
“Great. So, do you think you’re going to do it?” Sarah asked. “The job, I mean. Probably a great opportunity.”
Shoving her free hand between the seat cushions and digging her fingers into the side of one, D inhaled slowly. Trying to concentrate on the job issue now, made her feel dizzy. It was currently ranking so very low on her priority scale. 
”I’m really not sure,” she said quietly.
“Okay…” Sarah let out a chuckle that sounded a bit forced. “Do I even dare ask why it is that you’re not sure?”
“No, don’t ask,” D said, leaning her head back so it was resting against the sofa cushion.
“Let’s see,” Sarah said anyway, “Why would you not be sure?”  There was a theatrical little pause. “Could it have anything to do with the crappy weather over there? Or would you miss me? Or can’t you see yourself working with June? Or do you just not like the city? Or… My brother wouldn’t have anything to do with it, right?” 
“You have a brother?” It was a very weak attempt at joking. 
“Yeah, I do have a brother,” Sarah said softly.
“Is he around?” D could hear her own voice trembling.
“He’s out running at the moment,” Sarah said. “He just got back today.”
“Got back from where?”
“He spent some time at Aunt Tess’ cabin.”
“Oh. Since when?”
Sarah thought about it for a moment. “Ahm… Since Monday.”
“Oh.” On her end, D had gotten up from the sofa. “How’s the phone connection at the cabin? Do you know?”
“Not too bad,” Sarah replied. “Why?”
D let out a little chuckle that sounded bitter. “Because I’ve been trying to call him,” she said. “I couldn’t reach him, though. And he never called me back either…”
On her end of the line, Sarah released a tense breath.   
“I really need to talk to him,” D said, her voice not quite steady.
“Have you not talked to him at all?” Sarah asked cautiously. “I mean – since Liz showed up here?”
“Well, I would have loved to talk to him,” D retorted her tone laced with sarcasm, “But –”
“He’s such a jerk!” Sarah burst out. “I mean, what does he have that stupid phone for if –”
“Maybe he has it to make a point,” D contemplated. “Anyway, do you think I can just come by your house?”
“You mean now?” Sarah seemed surprised. 
“I know you’ve got to leave soon, but yeah, can I come by now? Do you think he’ll be there?”
“I guess so,” Sarah said slowly. “Yeah, sure you can come by. Anytime…” And after a little pause she added. “Might be a good idea, actually.”
~~~
Ten minutes later D left home and headed over to Sarah’s. She had considered riding her bike, but even though the forty-minute ride would have given her some more time to think and work off some of the anxiety she was struggling with, she had taken the car in the end. Mainly because it was already evening now, and she didn’t feel comfortable riding home on the forest road in the dark later. 
It was 6:55 pm when she rang Sarah’s bell. 
The door was opened right away. 
“Hi. Come on in,” Sarah said with a smile and a grand, inviting gesture. “Joe’s not back yet, but it can only be a matter of minutes…” She winked and gave D a quick hug. 
“Thanks,” D smiled an unconvincing smile. “Don’t let me keep you. You probably have to go. I’ll just wait. You don’t mind, right?” 
“No, not at all!” Sarah was taking her jacket from the coatrack and slipped into her shoes. “Get something to drink if you want.” She motioned towards the kitchen, “You can turn on the TV, too. Just feel at home, okay?”
D nodded. “Yeah, thanks.”
Sarah glanced at her watch. “Okay, I’m off. Need to pick up Jack.” She took a step towards D and gave her arm an encouraging rub.
“Good luck with my brother,” she said with a little smile. “It’ll work out.” 
“Thanks,” D mumbled tensely. “We’ll see. Say Hi to your Mom and Jack!”
“Okay. I will.”
An Irresistible Dinner Invitation
(Thursday, August 29th)

After Sarah had left, D sat in the living room and flipped through some old magazines. She couldn’t really focus on anything, but at least it gave her something to gaze at while her mind was preoccupied with other things.
This was like sitting in the dentist’s waiting room when you don’t know what to expect but you’re bracing yourself for the worst. A root canal or some teeth being yanked out without anesthesia, for example. 
The only thing missing was the horrible noise of the drill in the background. Unlike a dentist’s waiting room, this place here was dead quiet.
Ten endless minutes must have passed by the time she heard the key in the front door. 
Her throat immediately tightening again, she slowly rose from the sofa. Even this reminded her of a visit to the dentist – particularly the moment when you’re finally called in and find that your previously throbbing toothache has suddenly mysteriously disappeared and been replaced by blank panic.
Her legs somewhat unsteady, she made her way from the living room into the kitchen and stepped around the table. From here she had a perfect view down the hallway.
Joe was just pulling the front door shut behind himself, his back to her. When he turned around now and his gaze flickered over to the kitchen, he came to an abrupt halt.
“Hi,” he said stiffly and rearranged his face from a momentarily perplexed expression to something unreadable. “Is Sarah still here?” It was less a question than an assumption. 
“No, she left a while ago,” D said, well-aware that he didn’t seem exactly thrilled to see her. “She just let me in.”
A hand propped against the wall, he slipped out of his shoes and pushed them into a spot beside the umbrella stand. 
“What brings you here then?” He was still slightly out of breath from the run.
D felt her mouth go dry at the look he was giving her. It seemed like there was an ice-cold breeze blowing over from him.
“I’m actually here for you,” she said, trying not to lose her composure.
He coughed out a sarcastic, little laugh. “You’re here for me?!?” 
She swallowed. This had just felt like a punch in the guts.
Obviously not quite comfortable with the situation himself, Joe was still standing in the hallway, his left hand cupping his right elbow now and his gaze drifting off to the umbrella stand beside him.
“I tried to call you,” D said, amazed that her voice wasn’t cracking yet. It sure felt like it would any moment. “I tried it several times. But somehow you never picked up and you didn’t call me back either.”
Some silly part of her was still hoping he’d tell her that he had never gotten any calls. Instead she could see him draw in a long, controlled breath, and his eyes briefly trailed up to her before returning to the umbrella collection. His expression was hard.
Staring at him, D was starting to feel kind of sick. Judging from his reaction there had definitely not been an unfortunate misunderstanding or a mysterious telephone malfunction. He had done it on purpose and he wasn’t even going to make an effort to deny or justify it.
“Why?” she squawked and placed a hand on the back of a kitchen chair for stability.
Without looking up Joe gave a brisk shake of his head and shrugged.
D felt an unhealthy mix of devastation and fury grab hold of her.
“For God’s sake, can you at least talk to me!?!” This was her yelling now. The calm was all gone.
Across the hallway, Joe’s head jerked up and he let go of his elbow.
He threw out a hand. “What do you want me to say, huh?”
D gasped, her heart thumping in her chest violently. Did she seriously still want him to say anything at this point?
“Forget it!” She snatched her purse from the table. Then, her eyes focused on the front door, she headed that way. She just needed to make it through that door and to her car! Hopefully her legs would carry her. Thank God she wasn’t here with her bike!
Joe reflexively took a step back when he saw her storm out of the kitchen towards him, or better, towards the front door behind him. 
She blew by him, her hands clutching her purse, and he caught a whiff of that perfume. A flash of raw pain in the pit of his stomach.
“Wait!”
Facing the milky glass of the front door, her left hand already reaching for the door handle, she came to a halt.
“Just wait…” Joe repeated tensely from behind her.
Her shoulders slumped, she weakly shook her head. “Why? What for?” She couldn’t look at him now or he might see that she was fighting tears.
“I don’t know,” he said. “Just…Since you’re already here…” 
She gave him an incredulous look over her shoulder. “Since I’m already here…” She let out a bitter laugh. “Thanks…”
“Listen, Danny…” Joe sucked in a tense breath. “I’m sorry, but I’m hungry, I’m exhausted, I need a shower, obviously, and I…” He paused for a moment as if to sort out what he was actually going to say. “I realize we probably need to talk, but–”
“No need to talk!” D cut him off with a jerky little shake of her head. “Really! I got all my questions answered already. Thanks so much! Don’t let me keep you from having a relaxing shower!” She reached for the door handle again.
He had placed his hand on her upper arm before he could even think about what he was doing. It had been more of a reflex.
It made her stop mid-movement.
He expected her to yank the arm away immediately, maybe even whisk around and slap him. But then she just stood there with her back to him, rigidly holding herself straight.
He released her arm and ran a hand over his face. “I’m going to order a pizza,” he said, “So – if you want one too–”
Still staring at the front door, D clenched her hands to fists. She had no idea anymore what to do. Walk out? Stay? Turn around and punch his nose? Walk out? Stay? Her head was spinning. And to make matters worse, there actually was a runaway tear trailing down her cheek now. She hastily wiped it off with one of the fists.
“Danny, come on…” His tone was a homeopathic dose more softly than before.
Turning around to him, D shook her head. 
“Believe it or not,” she said through clenched teeth “but I will pass on your absolutely irresistible dinner invitation. Why don’t you just go and enjoy your shower!”
“Which kind do you want?” he asked, totally ignoring what she had just said. “Hawaiian?”
Swallowing hard, she dropped her gaze and shrugged.
“Okay. I’ll order Hawaiian then,” he said. Then he turned around and headed towards the kitchen.
Looking after him, D was feeling like in a haze. She wasn’t hungry. In fact, she wasn’t even sure she’d ever be hungry again. But since the pizza idea seemed to be an offer to communicate, she should probably just go with it.
In the kitchen Joe had snatched the pizza delivery menu from beside the microwave and was calling in the order.
“It’ll take twenty minutes,” he informed her after he had hung up. “I’m going to have a shower in the meantime…” He had stepped out into hallway again and was tensely pushing his right hand through his hair.
“You got rid of your brace…” It had just occurred to her now and she had said it before she had really considered how shaky her voice would sound.
“Yep.” Avoiding eye contact, he nodded. “Rick checked it.” He flexed his fingers a few times, the middle and ring finger clearly a lot less cooperative. “Supposedly some exercises will help to get everything moving properly again, but we’ll see…” He briefly met her eyes. “So… I’ll go upstairs and have a quick shower. Do you want to watch TV or something in the meantime…” He nudged his head towards the living room.
“Why don’t I just wait outside on the front steps,” D muttered. “And you can just call me in whenever it suits you.”
“Well, you can come upstairs too,” he said, seeming confused.
“No, we wouldn’t want that!” D angrily shook her head.
“Sure, come on up,” he said and started walking up the stairs. 
After a moment of hesitation D followed him. It had rubbed her the wrong way – his telling her to wait downstairs. The closer they got to his room, however, the tenser she felt. It would have been nice to come back here under more welcoming circumstances.

Holding the door open, Joe watched her step into his room.
He saw her blink and briefly bite down on her lower lip, the fingers of her right hand nervously rubbing against the thumb.
It was beyond him why she had wanted to come up here. It seemed like an unhealthy thing to do, but well.
He was just glad that he had left the room in a halfway tidy state, and that the day cover was on the bed. Maybe it was silly, but for some reason it did seem crucial that the bed was at least covered. It was bad enough that it was here – because there was absolutely no way she wasn’t looking at it, remembering when she had last been here and knowing that Liz had slept in that exact same bed since.
He quickly pushed the thought away. There was nothing he could do about it and it didn’t matter much anymore either. 
“Well…” he said with an uncomfortable little shrug, “Have a seat somewhere.”
He expected her to go for the desk chair but she went to the bed instead and sat down on the edge of it. He could feel her watch him as he grabbed a pair of jeans, a white T-shirt and some underwear from his dresser now.
 “Okay. I’ll be back…”

In the bathroom across the landing he dropped his fresh clothes on the closed toilet. Growling to himself, he pushed both his hands through his hair, leaned his head back and took a few deep breaths. He urgently needed to get his act together. He didn’t have the slightest idea how to handle this.
Placing his hands on the sink and leaning on his outstretched arms, he gave himself a long, tense look in the mirror. 
Her showing up here was unplanned, to say the least. He had ignored all her calls, he hadn’t returned any of them and as a result, so he had assumed, she would do her clean-cut kind of thing. You reject/hurt me, I ban you from my life. That’s how this was supposed to work. That’s how it always worked with her, right? What about that stupid pride of hers? How could she show up here when he had so blatantly ignored all her calls?
Thinking about it now, he realized that she might have only come because she hadn’t understood – until maybe five minutes ago – that he had done this intentionally. She had wanted to storm out the moment it had become clear to her. And then he had stopped her from leaving. For whichever stupid reason.
Dropping his chin to his chest, he glared into the sink for a moment. Why in the world hadn’t he just let her go? Sure, she probably felt like she needed to talk and explain and whatever else to make her feel better. It wouldn’t make him feel better, though. So why expose himself to that? He had been doing fine the last few days, hadn’t he? (Except for maybe last night after hearing that stupid song…) Why risk that peace of mind and invite her to have pizza with him? Just so she could get some weight off her chest. He didn’t want to hear it. Really didn’t. But from the way it looked, he didn’t have a choice now.
He shouldn’t have caved! He should have let her go. Then he wouldn’t have to endure her tiptoeing version of ‘Hey, there’s a job in London…’
He glanced up at his reflection again. Blew out a long breath. Told himself he’d be okay. All he had to do was tell her that he had done some thinking as well. About everything… And that yeah, actually, warming this up – her and him – wouldn’t have worked anyway. They both needed a fresh start… He would surely be able to come up with some bullshit that sounded good and reasonable. And with some luck he’d even be able to convince himself.
He pulled his mouth into a forced smile. He could do this! He’d have a quick cold shower, and then off into the ring. It should be over in half an hour max.
He yanked his T-shirt over his head and grabbed his toiletry case. He wondered if it made any sense to unpack this before he was leaving for Amsterdam. Theoretically he wasn’t leaving until Monday but, who knew, after tonight’s pizza dinner, he might actually want to change the flight to Saturday…
He rummaged through his toiletry case, still trying to find his shower gel. Finally he realized that he must have left it at the cabin.
Squatting, he opened the door of the cabinet under the sink to look for a replacement. There were still some things here from before he had moved. He reached inside and grabbed a bottle of the shower gel he’d used to buy when he had still lived here. It actually smelled really good. 
~~~
Sitting on the edge of Joe’s bed, D was struggling to regain her bearings. She felt miserable. 
Being alone in his room after so many years and under the given circumstances was awkward and really painful. 
She hadn’t been here a lot. Not even while they had been together.
He had only felt comfortable taking her up here when neither his parents nor Sarah had been around – a combination that had hardly ever occurred. And even more rarely overnight. 
Usually he had just come over to her dorm – and slept there. 
Exhaling sharply, she tried to keep these memories at arm’s length.
She let her gaze wander around. Not much had changed. The bookshelf beside the bed still seemed to hold the same books, the dresser beside the closet was the same, the guitar was leaning against it like it often had then. Seeing the guitar caused a little sting, but she refused to acknowledge it. Instead she glanced up at the framed photographs above the dresser. One showed Mr. and Mrs. Reilley in their early forties, looking like a happy couple. In the frame below was a family portrait of the entire Reilley family – Joe and Sarah must have been around fifteen years old at the time. Then there was a photograph of Grandma Reilley on her 80th birthday and a picture of Sarah and Joe as kids. They were both smiling angels’ smiles, each of them missing at least one front tooth… They had been cute kids.
Her gaze drifted over to the desk that set beside the window. The pin board above it was empty. It hadn’t been that way when she had been here last. There had been three photos pinned to it then – the picture of the whole gang around the headless snowman, a picture he’d taken of her during a bike ride and a shot of him and her at her parents’ house.
Releasing a slow breath, she told herself that it could hardly be expected for these photos to still be there. At least there weren’t any photos of Liz instead – or he had taken them off if there had ever been any.
She wondered how many times Liz had actually been here. Definitely a year ago – for his Dad’s funeral. 
Her thoughts were still circling around that day of the funeral when the sound of the bathroom door being opened outside brought her back to the present. She quickly straighten up, her stomach knotting.
Barefoot and with his hair wet, Joe stepped in, now wearing Jeans and a white T-shirt. He was about to close the door when the doorbell rang downstairs. 
Obviously assuming that this was the pizza delivery, he wordlessly grabbed his wallet from the desk and then just headed out of the room and down the stairs.
D was rising from the bed with the intention to follow him. Only that she was momentarily strangely overwhelmed by something. Something indefinable that affected her more deeply than anything had in a long time. 
When it only got worse once she stepped out on the landing, a moist wave from the bathroom engulfing her here, she suddenly knew what it was: This smell. The most appealing mix of woody, spicy, warm and comforting… For a long time this had been synonymous with being close to him – just like his voice or the way he laughed. How very convenient that he started surrounding himself with this scent again exactly at a moment where he was acting like a total jerk!
Pulling herself together, she kept walking down the stairs. 
From the entryway she could hear Joe tell the pizza delivery person – a girl, judging from the giggling – that she could keep the change. 
D reached the downstairs area just as he was closing the front door.
“I’ll pay for mine,” she told him.
“That’s okay,” he said with a dismissive shake of his head. “Do you want to eat here?” He motioned towards the kitchen. “Or…” There was a moment of hesitation. “...upstairs?”
Glad that the smell of pizza was currently stronger than anything else, D thought about it.
 “Can we have a picnic on your bed?” she asked insecurely.
“Sure.” It did sound a lot like Whatever.
He stepped around her into the kitchen and got a bottle of lemonade from the fridge.
“That okay?” he asked, his eyes firmly on the bottle.
“Yeah, sure.” She nodded reflexively and got two glasses from a cupboard. Her hands were trembling. 
An Equation
(Thursday, August 29th)

A few minutes later they were sitting on his bed, their backs against the headboard, legs stretched out, the pizza boxes on their laps and no one having said a word for minutes.
Joe had already finished his second slice of pizza and was just picking up his third, while D was still working on her first piece, not sure that she would ever even make it to a second one. 
Every bite she choked down was a struggle. Her throat felt tight, her stomach knotted and her mind alarmingly unfocused. There were some things she had come here to say, of course, and she did remember what those things were. Only that now, given the way he’d been acting so far, she felt too choked up to possibly say any of it. She couldn’t remember ever seeing him so reserved.
Beside her, Joe had finished his third slice and was brushing his hands over the pizza carton. Then, instead of eating his last slice, he closed the lid and crossed his arms over his chest.
D tensed up when he turned to look at her. 
She hastily took an alibi bite and chewed on it endlessly.
“So?” He said flatly.
Chewing, D was waiting for more than that So?, but there wasn’t anything else – except for maybe a stiffening of his back against the headboard.
She turned and looked at him. 
He was giving her a steady glance back, his eyes unreadable, his jaw tight.
“What – So?” She asked, feeling her heart thumping heavily in her chest.
His expression seemed to darken. With a slight shake of his head he dropped his gaze and released a long, exasperated breath.
D felt her throat tighten. “What?” she asked, trying for a mocking tone. “Now that you’re showered and have been fed, we can talk?” She placed the remainder of her pizza piece in the box and snipped her fingers. “Like – So? Now Talk!”
“Yeah, well – I guess we can as well just get it over with, or not?” His voice was cutting. “I mean – whenever you’re ready, of course.” 
“Get it over with?” Her voice cracked. “You know…” She was struggling to fight the dryness in her mouth. “I mean – I can see how you’re probably angry about what I said… at the car Wednesday night, but –”
“Why don’t we just skip that part?” he cut her off. “That’s been great, yeah, but that’s hardly what we should be talking about, is it?”
She faltered. “What?What should we be talking about? You mean Pete’s party?”
He seemed thrown off for a moment. 
“Nooo,” he said then. “That’s not what I meant! I don’t really give a shit about that, to be honest.”
D clenched her teeth and her fists. “Well, what did you mean, then? Maybe you could let me know, so we’re both on the same page.”
Instead of an answer, he just gave her a cold look.
“I’m here because you didn’t pick up your phone when I tried to call you,” she blasted, hoping that the angry tone would mask her fighting tears.
“Just get to the point, would you?” He shook his head. “Skip the complaints about me not picking up my phone and skip the crap about the last pleasant talk we had at your car. I can do without that. Let’s get to the point and get it over with, because I’d actually much rather just move on with my life. Especially since you already have.”
Totally baffled, she stared at him. 
“I don’t know what you –” 
She fell silent when Joe grabbed his pizza box, slid his legs off the bed and got up. He went over to his desk, dropped the pizza box there and started going through the small stack of paperwork beside his laptop.
D watched him with confusion. 
Finally he pulled something out and turned around again.
He returned to the bed and sat down on the edge of it, one leg bent under him.
“See if this helps,” he said darkly and, almost like a public prosecutor in a courtroom drama who was confronting the defendant with some incriminating evidence, he slapped a torn out page from a newspaper on the bed between them. “Here…” 
D stared at the page. And then, very slowly, it finally started to dawn on her what was going on here…
What she had before her, was part of the job ads from Saturday’s paper. One of the ads had her company’s swan logo on it. It was the ad for one of the jobs in London.
Joe had gotten up from the bed again and returned to his desk. He pulled out the chair and sat down on it backwards so he was facing her. He crossed his arms over the back of the chair and gave her an expectant, hard look.
“So how was London?” he asked acidly.
D swallowed, her gaze dropping to the ad.
“Because that’s what you were in London for, right?” he scathed. “They had a nice informative interview with your boss in that issue too. Harry, right?”
D’s eyes flickered up to him. She hadn’t had any idea… It made sense, though. He must have come across this in the paper and somehow made the connection. He wasn’t dumb.
What he had said about skipping everything and just getting to the point so they could both move on, flashed through her head again. And even though that look he was shooting her almost made her shiver, she was starting to feel as if she could finally breathe again. There was this weird sensation of relief.
With trembling fingers she pulled the article closer. 
“So, is this why you’re like that?” she asked cautiously.
“Why I’m like what?”
“Strange, distant, cold, mad, weird…” Her tone indicated that the list didn’t end there.
Joe coughed out an angry laugh. “Oh, am I?”
“I would say so, yeah!”  she retorted. “Definitely!”
“Well, maybe that’s just the way I am,” he suggested, “I mean, last time I saw you, you told me that you’re not even sure who I am anymore or something like that. So, maybe you’re just finally seeing me clearly. Maybe that’s just the way I am…”
D briefly closed her eyes and inhaled. “And there they say only women are erratic,” she muttered.
“Huh?” He frowned.
“Nothing,” she said. “Just that two minutes ago you told me that you wanted me to skip that part.” She shot him a crooked smile across the room, suddenly feeling like she was finally getting a grip on this situation.
Obviously thrown off by the friendly face, Joe glared back at her gloomily.
“I’m sorry I said what I said at the car that night,” she said, not letting him out of her sight. “So there! And no, that’s not the way you are!” She exhaled. “At least not normally…”
He shrugged. Then he blew out a long breath. “Whatever!” He dropped his gaze to the floor. “Can you please just get to the point!”
D scratched her right eyebrow. “Right,” she said, her voice unsteady. “Okay…” 
She looked at the newspaper page again, trying to gather her thoughts. “This is not the job I was in London for,” she finally said as calmly as she could. “But you’re right, one reason I went was to check out a job. I had told my boss a few weeks ago – way before we…” She broke off and started over. “Anyway, I told him that I was generally interested. The colleague I share my office with is transferring, so…” She paused for a moment, glanced up, checked his expression. When there was nothing encouraging at all, just a guarded glare back at her, she dropped her gaze again and continued. “Well… since we had to go over there for a conference anyway, they also had us meet with the people working in the London unit and – yeah, find out more about the job, see the offices, that kind of thing.”
Joe nodded darkly. “Keep going…” It clearly sounded like, ‘Let’s get it over with…’
Rolling the edge of the paper between her fingers, D tried to decide what to say next. She had not been prepared to discuss this with him. At least not right now. All she had wanted for tonight was to see him and hopefully figure out what was going on. See where things stood between them. Maybe she’d never have told him about the job unless she decided to take it. And that was a decision she didn’t think she’d be able to make without taking some time and sorting things out with him.
Well, the way this evening was developing, it was crystal-clear that she would have to change her plan drastically. He had greeted her with icy behavior, he had plopped the London issue into her lap without warning, and he was reserved as a clam. She could forget about taking her time to figure out what it was she wanted. Either she was straightforward with him right now, or the decision would be made for her. If it hadn’t been made already… 
The last three days of feeling miserable about not being able to reach him, and the last half hour of feeling seriously choked-up could probably serve as excellent indicators of what it was that really mattered to her. There might not be a need for much deeper soul searching. There definitely was no time for it!
She cleared her throat. “Okay,” she said.
Across from her, she saw Joe blink and his jawline harden as if he was bracing himself.
She kept her eyes on him nevertheless. “It would be a great, real interesting job,” she told him matter-of-factly. “No doubt about it. I like the city, they have a nice office there, the people seem great – with the exception of one slightly weird guy. So, really, there’s nothing wrong with it.”
Joe nodded, his expression unflinching. He actually nodded like nothing she said could possibly surprise him anymore.
D realized that she could only hope that he was still listening and that she’d still be able to get through to him. 
“Don’t act like you know it all, Joe, okay?” she grumbled with a quick shake of her head. “At this point I’m neither sure I’d get the job, nor that I’d really want it!”
Without giving her another look, Joe got up from his chair and stepped up to the window beside the desk. His hands shoved in the back pockets of his jeans, thumbs sticking out, he glared out the window. There was not really anything interesting to see. It was getting dark, the streetlights were on, and the couple from across the street was taking their over-bred, freaky dog for an evening walk.
“Were you even listening?” D snapped behind him.
He shrugged and kept glaring out the window. This had become kind of a habit - turning his back on people and staring into space. It was a bad habit he had developed thanks to Liz. It just helped him focus or stay composed, and it made it easier to get through situations he would rather avoid altogether.
“Joe!?!”
“Yeah, I’m listening,” he confirmed dismissively while still looking out the window. “And I’m sure you’ll get the job. And I think you should definitely take it! It’s a great opportunity!” He had not intended to sound bitter, but well, that’s the way it had come out.
On the bed, D dug her fingernails into the bed cover and stared at his back. He sounded like he had already closed the file and stored it away. 
“So, you recommend that I take it, huh?” she concluded darkly.
She saw him shrug, but then he neither said anything, nor did he turn around. 
Overwhelmed by a mix of despair, helplessness and fury, she snatched the newspaper page from the bed, crumpled it into a ball and threw it across the room, towards him. Unexpectedly she even managed to hit his shoulder. “Thanks for letting me talk to your back,” she hissed. “I just absolutely love that!”
Releasing an audible, exasperated breath, Joe turned around and leaned against the windowsill, giving her a what-do-you-want-from-me? look.
“Oh come on, Joe,” D said, unable to mask her frustration. ”Even without you in this equation, I’m not totally sure I’d want to go and live in London for two years now.”
Joe tilted his head with a surprised look. “I’m in the equation?”
Momentarily speechless that she had gotten a reaction, D looked back at him. She couldn’t help picturing an antique manual pharmacy scale that had, until a while ago, been perfectly balanced by a bunch of tiny weights on each plate, and then this big rock was dropped on one side, making the entire scale come crushing down from the countertop, the big rock landing on top of it, smashing the scale. In this lovely analogy, Joe was the rock. (She would rather die than tell him that.)
He was still over at the window, shooting her that surprised, expectant look.
“Well, yeah, you are in the equation” she confirmed grudgingly. “Is that really such a surprise?”
He didn’t say anything, just dropped his gaze to the floor and started gnawing on his lower lip.
“But you don’t deserve to be in the equation,” she told him. “Not after you’ve ignored my calls and are behaving like a total jerk here…”
She could see him draw in a deep breath.
Finally his eyes returned to her and he scratched his head. “Total jerk, huh?” For the first time this evening he looked a little less tense and defiant.
“Total jerk, yeah,” she nodded. She couldn’t keep a softer note from creeping into her voice. “A complete, absolute, total jerk.”
“Sounds like the highest level I can achieve in that department,” Joe contemplated.
“Yeah, I’ll award you the gold medal later,” she retorted. “I usually don’t give out prizes for that, but since you totally exceeded my expectations...”
There was a trace of a smile playing around his mouth now.
“Anyway,” D said, struggling to stay focused. “Regarding that job…” She paused, trying to get this straight. “When I applied, it wasn’t really for career reasons. I mainly applied because, at the time, it seemed like a great way to get some distance between myself and Pete.”
Joe raised his eyebrows. “Oh, really?”
“Yeah, really.”
“You don’t need to leave the country just to get rid of that moron,” Joe scoffed. “I can easily help you with that.” He sounded considerably more upbeat now – almost inspired. And D didn’t doubt for one moment that he would be very happy to assist her in this matter and that his assistance might even be highly effective.
“I’m serious,” he insisted.
“Yeah, I’m sure you are,” she said, trying to suppress any form of amusement or, worse even, any sign that she might be considering it. “Thanks for the offer, though. I’ll let you know…” She paused for a moment before returning to the initial subject. “All I’m saying,” she said slowly, “is that this job thing didn’t just pop up yesterday. It’s been on the radar long before we – I mean, you and I…” She made a little swirling gesture with her hand that should say it all. “Anyway, I just went to look at this job, okay? No decision made, no nothing. But, in case you’re interested, I’d have a really hard time leaving, as long as you’re around and… as long as we’ve still got that – something. If we even still have it…”
Joe looked at her and his expression finally lost all its tension. “Well, I still have it, if that’s what you’re asking…” 
Stay
(Thursday, August 29th)

Joe pushed himself away from the windowsill. 
“Guess I’ve really earned a jerk medal,” he contemplated as he stepped around the bed to her. “I’m sorry I didn’t pick up.”
 “Mhmm,” D growled, trying hard to unwaveringly hold his gaze as he came closer. “And you’re hopefully also sorry that you didn’t call me back, and that you just ignored me, and that you made me feel like crap, and that you–”
She abruptly interrupted her summary of all the things he should be sorry for when he sat down on the bed, his hip only millimeters from her outstretched legs.
“Yeah, I’m really sorry about all that,” he assured her, hardly suppressing a grin. “And I bet you’re not even nearly done listing my many offenses...”  He gave her his best puppy-eyed raised-eyebrows look.
“Don’t look at me like that!” D moaned, trying to ignore the hot flashes this was causing.
“Sorry,” he rearranged his face into a fake grave look. “Better now?”
“No,” D grumbled, struggling not to start giggling. “Not better at all.”
“I missed you,” he said softly.
“I didn’t,” she lied and dropped her gaze to her knees.
“Oh, really?” Joe leisurely draped his arm over her legs, his hand coming to rest on the bedcover.
Her eyes trailed up again.
“You’re a liar,” Joe announced and nudged the side of her thigh with his thumb. “A horrible, horrible liar…” He grinned and leaned closer.
Caught in his gaze, D swallowed. It didn’t take a rocket scientist to predict what he was planning here…
His hand from the bedspread was on her thigh now, administering a gentle rub. “Hey…” he said and tipped his nose against hers.
She released a resigned breath. “Yes?”
He tilted his head and kissed her.
She closed her eyes and just let this amazing floating-in-the-air kind of feeling take a hold of her. He was so good! An expert! Totally disarming. That kiss… Professionally executed. Soft and gentle, but still bringing enough tongue into the game to send your head spinning, your mouth involuntarily cooperating and your fingers aching to dive into his hair. There was just no way he didn’t know about the effects those kisses had on his victims. Otherwise he wouldn’t apply them with such perfect timing and precision…

Drawing out the kiss in all possible ways and overwhelmed by the response he was getting, Joe managed to shift both their weights and pull her down on the bed with him.
Her hands in his hair now, one of his hands against her face, the other sliding over her waist, sneaking under the blouse, gliding up her side over soft bare skin…
He had decided that he needed to do this right and properly this time. Either he managed to leave an absolutely irreversible impression or he could as well just give it up altogether. He had been way too cautious and too considerate on previous occasions. An honorable tactic that had not exactly benefited anyone. This thing with her had been a roller coaster ride ever since the grill party. Up and down, up and down… It was about time it stabilized a bit – at least to the point where things wouldn’t just evaporate overnight. In fact, thinking about overnight, it might be a step in the right direction if he could convince her to stay overnight. Here. Now. With him…
The idea of keeping her here caused a brief, pleasant rush of adrenaline that vanished very rapidly when he realized that he might be getting a bit ahead of himself and of things he was comfortable with. While part of him wanted nothing more than to rip off her clothes and take it from there, there was still this other part, probably residing in the small area of his brain that was still functioning halfway properly, that was extremely worried, if not to say petrified. With the same worries that had bugged him when he had first considered sleeping with Christine in Amsterdam: this deep-rooted fear that something from his crazy time with Liz might have rubbed off and changed him and the way he did things – things in bed… 
Sleeping with Liz had, primarily at her initiation, often been crossing a line. Holding Danny in his arms now, the pure thought of that seemed just sick. Like some horrible crime he had been dragged into and that might have somehow left its traces. 
Maybe he was paranoid and it hadn’t rubbed off at all. Liz was the crazy one, not him, right? And Liz had not been entirely satisfied with his performance on these occasions anyway. But still… 
And now it scared the shit out of him that this crazy stuff might surface in the wrong moment with the wrong girl and wreck it all. He wasn’t sure if that could even really surface without the girl provoking it full force (which Liz had), but it was this absolutely terrifying horror scenario… He tried to find comfort in the fact that his night with Christine had been fine. She had not seemed to have any complaints, and he had not found sex – especially the straightforward kind – so elating in a very long time. However, the fact that Christine had been happy and content didn’t mean a thing. Christine hadn’t known him before – at least not closely and intimately enough to possibly detect any anomalies. Danny had known him. She had known him in and out. And there was a good chance – if he had changed – that she would notice it. She had the comparison and, as far as he knew, she had a pretty good memory.
Struggling with these kinds of complicated contemplations, he was starting to lose the momentum on the kiss – the momentum, and the conviction that he really should be pushing this much further right now. 
He broke the kiss and pulled back a little, propping himself up on his elbow.
D opened her eyes. “What?” Her hand slipped out of his hair and she nervously scratched her eyebrow.
“I don’t wanna mess this up…” he said, his gaze on the bedcover beside her head, his hand tracing one of the lines in the pattern.
“Didn’t exactly feel like you were in the process of messing things up,” she said softly and reached out to touch his face.
“You don’t think so, huh?” He leaned into her hand that had come to rest against his cheek.
She shook her head, her gaze meshing with his. “I think you were doing fine,” she whispered, her thumb tracing his jaw. “And somehow you really smell good.”
Joe coughed out a laugh. “Oh, really?”
“Yeah, I don’t know what it is, but you got me hooked here…”
“Can only be the shower gel,” he chuckled and leaned closer. “Some ancient shower gel…”
D inhaled exaggeratedly deeply, then rolled her eyes and made a dreamy face.
He grinned. “Well, great! Who would have thought that it’s so easy…” 
Still propped up on his left arm, he placed his right hand on her belly and ran his palm over the fabric of her blouse. “Do you have to work tomorrow?” he asked, his hand starting to fiddle with her blouse buttons.
Briefly closing her eyes, D gave a slight shake of her head.
“Then stay,” he whispered leaning close to her ear. He had managed to flip the three bottom buttons open, and his hand was sneaking in; sliding against her skin. He felt her quiver at the touch.
“Just stay,” he repeated, and slowly moved his hand across her belly, loving every little flinch he was causing.
“Of course Sarah will probably have another one of her Teddy-and-Barbie fits,” he said, “but…” He shrugged and bit her earlobe. 
“Sarah doesn’t mind as long as it’s me,” D announced with a shaky, little chuckle.
“You sure about that?” He gave her a skeptical look.
“Pretty sure, yeah.”
“Oh really?” He leaned in and teasingly brushed his lips over hers. “Another good reason why you should stay…” With that he pulled out his hand and started undoing the remaining two buttons of her blouse. 
When he brushed the fabric aside and she closed her eyes, he leisurely let his fingertips dance from her collarbone down to the valley where the bra pushed her breasts together.
He leaned in for another warm kiss on her mouth.
This time the response wasn’t quite what it had been earlier. In fact, somehow the entire girl seemed to have tensed up a bit. 
He pulled back a little, his hand coming to rest against her ribs. “What’s wrong?”
Avoiding eye contact she pulled her mouth into a forced smile. “I… I don’t know.”
“What’s there to know? I mean – of course Sarah surely won’t believe that anyone slept on a sofa this time, but I really don’t care.” 
D chewed on her lip. “Neither do I,” she said then.
“But? You wanna just go home?” He took his hand off her and raised it in a surrendering gesture.
“That’s not what I meant,” she said uncomfortably. “Sure, I’ll stay – love to. But as for this…” she motioned from him to her and back to him. “I mean, where this is going…”
Joe was looking back at her expecting to hear that this was going way too fast…
“I’m off the pill,” she announced instead. “And I don’t carry condoms around with me. So, unless you do, I think we have a problem…”
It took Joe a second to process what she had just said. It was kind of nice to have a confirmation of her general willingness to take this all the way, but he couldn’t deny that what she had just told him qualified as a serious problem. He didn’t have any condoms either… There had been two complementary ones in the hotel bathroom in Amsterdam. He remembered that now. And he wished he had taken the remaining one with him upon departure.
D was facing away from him now, staring at the guitar on the floor. “We can’t risk it,” she said, obviously correctly interpreting his silence as an admission that he didn’t have any protection either.
Joe watched her, wishing he could read her mind. Was she relieved now that he didn’t just have to reach into his pocket or wallet and pull out a variety of condoms, or was she actually at least a little disappointed? Was this problem just a welcome excuse or would she welcome a solution? It was so hard to tell.
While he was still pondering what might or might not be going on in D’s head, he suddenly realized that, if they really, really wanted a solution, there actually was one. A pretty good one even.
“If that’s the only problem we have,” he slowly said, “I happen to know where Sarah has some condoms.”
Her eyes flashed over and met his. He couldn’t quite read her expression. Disbelief? Surprise? Disgust? Relief? Amusement?
“No pressure,” he said with a little smile and a shrug. “Just so you know that there is a solution…”
“Okay.” D looked skeptical. “But you can’t just go and steal Sarah’s condoms…”
He raised his eyebrows questioningly. “Why not? She’ll never know. Has a whole package – in the medicine cabinet. I came across it last week when I was looking for a bandage…”
“Oh.” D sounded enlightened. “So you innocently go looking for a bandage and accidently take something out of the wrong box?”
He grinned. “Yeah, something like that. Mix-ups like that happen all the time…”
D was just going to say something else, when there was a deep growling noise.
“Was that your stomach?” Joe looked at her, feigning shock.
“No,” she looked a bit embarrassed now, “that must have been some freaky animal under your bed.”
“There are no freaky creatures under my bed,” he said, rubbing his hand over her belly. “Only in my bed…” He smiled. “You’re hungry.” 
“Well, guess who spoiled my appetite earlier!” she grumbled.
He nodded. “All my fault, huh? Well, then let me go and warm up that pizza for you…” He pushed himself up.
“I don’t really want any more pizza...”
“Well, you’ll have to eat something,” he said. “What do you want?”
She thought about it for a moment.
“Do you have any chocolate?” she asked then.
He laughed. “There’s probably some downstairs, yeah.” He rose from the bed and picked up her pizza carton from the floor. “Sure you don’t want any more of this?”
“Yes.” She nodded and quickly clutched her hands to her belly when there was another loud growl.
Crumbs and Kisses
(Thursday, August 29th)

Three minutes later Joe returned, a chocolate bar in his left hand and a glass of milk in his right.
“I see chocolate,” D chirped with a greedy grin. She had sat up and was leaning against the headboard. “Come here…” Like a lazy princess she waved for him to come over.
Stopping at his desk, Joe set down the milk and sternly shook his head.  “I will not let you eat this on my bed,” he informed her. “I seem to remember that you are a real crumb monster, and I don’t really want to roll around in chocolate crumbs later, if you know what I mean.” 
He held out the chocolate bar like a dog biscuit.
She shook her head dismissively. “And you seriously think there’ll still be any rolling around in bed later if you treat me like that?” She scoffed. But then she got on all fours and crawled across the bed towards where he was still holding up the chocolate bar.
Joe couldn’t help but notice that she seemed to have partially buttoned up her blouse again. Too bad. This could have been such a nice sight…
D climbed off the bed and snatched the chocolate bar from him.
“Thanks!” she smiled. Holding the chocolate bar over the garbage can beside his desk, she tore the wrapper open and took a big bite. Then she reached for the milk and had a sip.
Joe watched her with some amusement.
Once all the milk and two thirds of the chocolate bar were gone, he stepped behind her and wrapped his arms around her. 
Giggling, she tried to wiggle away. 
“I’m going to crumble all over your floor,” she warned him.
“Well, you’re doing that anyway.” He leaned closer, his breath against the side of her neck. “I’ll just make you vacuum before you leave.”
Pretending to be immersed in her snack, D stuffed the last piece of chocolate into her mouth and brushed her hands over the garbage can. She faltered when she got another whiff of that shower gel scent.
“I seem to remember that I had those open already,” Joe mumbled as he started fiddling with her blouse buttons again. 
“I don’t,” she claimed sweetly.
“You evil little witch,” he whispered into her ear. “I go downstairs and get you food – or what you consider food – and what do you do?”
“Yeah, well, sorry…” She chuckled as he started blowing tickling kisses on her neck. “See it as therapy for your right hand…”
“Mhmm.” He snipped the last button open again. “I got you something else, by the way.” He held up a condom wrapper.
“So you really stole that from your own sister?” D tried for a disapproving tone.
“Yep,” he shrugged against her and tossed the condom onto the bed. “Desperate measures. I doubt Sarah has counted them.” He leaned his chin on her shoulder and slowly ran his hands up her arms. 
“You must never tell her, though.” He brushed the blouse down her shoulders and stepped away far enough so he could pull it off entirely. “I’m pretty sure Sarah wouldn’t like it – even if it’s for you!” He draped the blouse over the back of his desk chair.
D let out a nervous laugh, feeling a little chilly. Not for the lack of her blouse, but for the lack of his body behind her. She turned around to him.
“So, are all our problems solved for right now?” he inquired, extending a hand and brushing the back of his thumb over her jaw.
She slowly nodded and hesitantly placed her hands on his hips. Her eyes locking with his, she sneaked her thumbs under the hem of his T-shirt and pushed it up a bit.
The corner of his mouth curled up. 
“You want me to take this off?” he asked. 
D shrugged. “You could…”
“Right,” he said, chuckling. “I could…” One quick move and he pulled the T-shirt over his head.
D felt this weird, exhilarating tingle in her stomach as she watched him. This really had not been the plan. Her staying overnight…

Joe had flung his T-shirt towards his desk chair,and was combing a hand through his hair that had come out a bit tousled. “I’m going to roll around in bed now…” he told her. “In case you feel like joining me…” He grinned and flung himself sideways onto the bed behind him. Then he propped himself up on his elbow and gave her an expectant look. 
Sucking in her lower lip, D swayed her head from side to side as if she had to really think about this some more.
That made him push out his lower lip and flop on his back, arms to the side. 
“Come on,” he moaned as if he had been waiting for hours. Then, as an afterthought, he lifted his head, a smirk on his face. “I smell pretty good, by the way.” 
“Aren’t you full of yourself!” she laughed and crawled onto the bed.
 “Come here…” Joe got hold of one of her arms and pulled on it until she lost her balance and let herself fall squarely on top of him. 
“Very nice,” he chuckled, the feel of her body – particularly her soft bra against his chest – and the smell of her perfume almost making him dizzy. Burying his face in her hair, he drew in a deep breath. “And you smell pretty good too…” He wrapped his arms around her. 
Softly chuckling, D buried her face against his neck. “Not as good as you.” 
One of her hands had slid between the mattress and his back so her palm came to rest under his shoulder blade. The other hand she placed on his chest, just below his neck, her fingertips sweeping over the collarbone.
She pushed herself up a bit, so she was looking down on him. 
He gave her a crooked smile, his gaze meshing with hers.
Then he lifted his hands to her cheeks, slid one into her hair and pulled her face a little closer. 
A teasing brush of a kiss. 
Then, once he felt her lips part, he caught her lower lip between his front teeth, softly pulling on it, before he released it again and kissed her fully. 
He was going for a mind-sweeping kiss here – one that would swipe her mind of any reservations there might still be. Even if, right now, she didn’t seem very reserved anyway. But he’d rather be absolutely sure…
His own reservations were all gone by now. And having her so close just confirmed that keeping her here overnight was definitely the way to go. 
Holding her like this, he noticed once again how much smaller she was than Liz – or even Christine. In a way, it was like having driven a big truck on a wide Autobahn forever and suddenly needing to take a mountain bike down a really steep, narrow, winding path. It was more challenging, more complicated, but also way more exciting! 
It felt great… And it would be fine!
When the kiss ended, with both of them out of breath, he gave her a gentle push so she’d lie on her back and then propped himself up beside her, his palm running over her belly. That’s about where they had had to break off earlier because of the growling stomach… 
“Nice bra, by the way…” he whispered and leaned down for another brush of his lips over hers. He could feel her wrap her arms around him while he did – soft hands starting to skate over his back. 
“I do think it’s in the way, though, don’t you?” He gave her another kiss and slowly moved his hand from her stomach up while leaning his hip against her side some more, making it impossible for her not to notice that he was pretty turned on here. He was determined to take it slow, however. For the sake of them both. 
His hand had come to rest on her ribs, right below her bra. Sweeping his thumb over one of the bra cups, he placed a few tender kisses on the exposed skin between the cups. “Nice, but in the way…” 
“It’s in the way of what?” D asked saintly.
“In the way of getting appropriately close.”
“Who would want to be so close to you, anyway?” She gently nudged her hip against him.
“Some clueless chick that just stumbled into my bedroom and got high on chocolate…” 
He buried his face against her neck for a moment and then started to slowly kiss his way down along her shoulder strap, over that amazing spot right between her breasts towards her belly. 
Simultaneously he undid her pants.
Softly rubbing his cheek against the incredibly soft skin of her stomach now and blowing a few kisses towards her belly button, he grabbed her pants right around her knees and tugged on them.
“Come on Danny, help me out here…” He glanced up at her.
To his big surprise she really raised her hips off the bed and let him pull the pants off.
“Promise me,” he whispered as he came face to face with her again,  “Promise me that you’ll never ever tell Sarah about this thing I stole, okay?” He was nose to nose with her now, sounding dead-serious, his pelvis firmly against her thigh.
She laughed, her fingertips tracing his spine. “I wouldn’t even know how to phrase it…”
 ”Good!” He kissed the tip of her nose. “It is indeed unspeakable!” He chuckled. “After seeing how furious she was when she thought I’d fed her Tiramisu to some sexy stranger, I don’t even want to know what she’d do if she ever found out about this.”
“She would probably kill you,” D said indifferently.
“Doesn’t sound like you’d even care…” he said, pretending to be shocked.
She laughed. “I would – at least a little bit…”
“Oh really,” he gave her a squinting look as if he wasn’t even sure about that. “It would be a real disaster, though, because it would remind her of something she’d rather deny.”
“And what is that?” D asked, unable to mask her amusement at his grave, theatrical tone. 
“That Teddy bear and Barbie might be doing anything like – you know… where they’d actually need what I stole from her”
D burst out laughing and held him a little tighter. “Maybe we’re better off not doing it then,” she suggested saintly.
“Oh, I think we definitely should do it!” With a swift move he rolled them both over, pulling her on top of himself. This was definitely the time to get rid of the bra…
He snatched it open in the back and moved his hands up to her shoulders, his thumbs pushing under the straps and slowly pulling them down her shoulders. 
That’s when he felt her slightly tense up against him – her arms on his chest and the knee that had somehow landed between his legs after his flipping them over, suddenly seeming a bit rigid. 
He gave her a searching look and kept his hands from moving any further. She wasn’t looking at him. Scraping her teeth over her lower lip, she was glancing at where her hand was cupping his shoulder.
“Hey,” he nudged his chin against her temple. “You wanna stop this?” He was trying to sound as if he would be okay with it, even though he was sure that he wouldn’t be. Not at this point.
A few seconds passed. Then he saw her blink, swallow and slightly shake her head. 
“Sorry…” she mumbled with an apologetic smile. Then she lifted herself up a little and shrugged. 
Taking this as permission to carry on, Joe swiped the straps down all the way, and she willingly pulled her arms out, one at a time and finally flung the bra over her head and back towards the desk. It landed in the garbage can on top of the chocolate bar wrapper and all the chocolate crumbs.
Barely keeping himself from bursting out in laughter, Joe put his arms around her again and held her tightly. When he felt her breath on his ear and her fully relaxing against him again, he closed his eyes – just trying not to miss a thing. Her breasts smoothly against his chest, her stomach on his, her hip putting a nice amount of pressure on just the right spot between his legs, the warmth of her skin…. 
He had forgotten just how much he loved the feel of her. She was so soft and fit so perfectly against him – and she smelled so good.
They lay like this for a half a minute. 
When Joe felt her stir against him he loosened his embrace a bit and opened his eyes. 
Both her forearms resting on his chest now, she looked at him. Then she propped herself up a little.
“What?” he asked, caught in her gaze.
She smiled and tilted her head. Then she moved a hand to his cheek and traced his lower lip with her thumb.
“This is where I kiss the guy, right?”
The things that we don’t say…
(Very early Friday, August 30th)

Joe woke up around three, feeling really thirsty. 
It took him a second to grasp where he was (not in the cabin anymore) and that he was not alone. 
The realization caused a flash of excitement.
D was sleeping far on her side of the bed. 
He remembered how she had always used to do that. No matter how close they might have gotten before. Once she was tired and ready to fall asleep, she needed her space – no arm around her, no one spooning with her, no chin on her shoulder, no palm on her belly – no touching…
There had been times when this don’t-touch-me-when-I-want-to-sleep policy had really frustrated him and made him feel rejected. His perspective had changed since then. Thanks to Liz… 
Liz really had taught him a whole bunch of lessons! Sometimes it had felt as if she might choke him. She had clung to him at moments when he wished he could be alone for a moment and figure out how, after a horrifying fight, they had ended up in bed together. She had the freaky ability to switch from first throwing stuff at him, to suddenly behaving like a purring love-sick cat and pushing all available buttons. Those scenes would regularly occur when he returned from a business trip. At first she’d welcome him with this weird, suspicious and aggressive attitude that would make him want to turn on his heel and head straight back to where he had just come from. Then, suddenly, she would change – without him really doing anything besides staring out the window trying to zone her out. 
They’d end up in bed. 
Because that was Liz’s remedy for everything. 
And much later, when he was trying to go to sleep and stop thinking about how screwed up that whole relationship was, she’d still be holding on to him like her life depended on it. Sometimes he had felt like he couldn’t breathe.

Quietly he got out of bed, trying not to wake D. It was almost totally dark in the room except for the little bit of light from the streetlamps that came in through two small cracks in the shutters. 
In the bathroom he filled a glass with water and drank it, leaning against the sink. Scenes from a few hours earlier flashed through his head and sent a few waves of warmth through his body.
They had put the stolen condom to some absolutely incredible use. 
And afterwards they had lain there, spooning – his chest against her back, his bent legs under hers, his arm across her belly, his hand on her waist, her hand on his… 
He had been in a state that he had almost forgotten existed: Totally, pleasantly exhausted, weightless, relaxed and just… happy.
Sleeping together had been so smoothly, excitingly perfect – until the moment when they had collapsed against each other and he had momentarily been scared that she might wreck it all by saying it. That thing that just seemed to automatically slip out of girls’ mouths right after good sex. The thing with the L-word…
She hadn’t said it. She had just buried her face against his neck, her breathing slowly calming.
He had told himself that he was relieved.
Setting the glass back on the shelf now, he drew in a deep breath and gave himself a questioning look in the mirror.
‘Don’t mess with D…’ That’s what both Jack and Sarah had told him. He sure hoped he wasn’t messing with her. He really wasn’t intending to. 
His fear of her possibly dropping the L-word bomb, was a bit disconcerting, however, even to himself. Was he still not over that? How could he roll around in bed with her and still be scared of the L-word? What would he have done if she had actually said it? 
Blowing out a tense breath, he turned away from the sink and told himself that he should stop thinking about this for right now. His mind had already drifted off, though. To a time almost six years ago – when they had first slept together. In her dorm room. He had still been somewhat disabled after the motorcycle accident – damaged knee, bruised ribs, banged up shoulder. 
They had slept together and she had said it then. Just like that. Despite the fact that he had previously issued a warning that he didn’t like talking about feelings, and that he didn’t do the L-word. 
Never. 
Out of principle. 
With no one. 
Because he had a serious problem with the implications. 
Despite all this she had told him that she loved him. 
And, surprisingly, it hadn’t freaked him out nearly as much as he thought it would. 
He had never said it back, though. 
Well, she hadn’t said it this time… 
Maybe she had learned her lesson and was proving a point. 
But maybe it had just not even crossed her mind that she could say it…
 Growling to himself, he shook his head. 
Part of him was seriously troubled that she hadn’t said it. 
He was all screwed up, wasn’t he? 
Idiot! 
He couldn’t have it both ways!
~~~
As he slid back into bed, D stirred on her side. 
She mumbled something incomprehensible and turned to face him in the dark.
“Sorry,” he whispered. “I didn’t want to wake you.”
“I need to go to the bathroom anyway,” she muttered. Then she rolled out of bed on her side and shuffled around the bed, hitting her foot against the garbage can on the way to the door.
She returned two minutes later, bumped into the garbage can again, scoffed and then crawled back under the covers. She scooted over to where he was lying on his back, reached out and placed an ice-cold, slightly wet hand on his chest.
“Eeww,” he flinched and put his own hand on top of hers.
“Washed my hands…” she explained unnecessarily and rubbed her chin against his shoulder before she gently kissed it.
“We do have warm water too,” he told her with a chuckle.
“Mhmm,” she mumbled indifferently. “I will go back to sleep now. Good night.”
“Good night,” he whispered and lifted his hand from hers, expecting her to pull away and return to her side of the bed. But then she didn’t. 
“Don’t tell me you can sleep like this,” he said.
“Let’s try,” she whispered and moved her hand down to his stomach.
“Okay,” he put his hand back ontop of hers and slid his fingers between hers.
It took only minutes until her breathing slowed down and a slight twitching of her hand told him that she was asleep again.
Listening to her breathing and feeling her warmth, Joe wasn’t sure if he would be able to go back to sleep right now – or that he even wanted to. Her hand on his belly had just twitched again and sent this amazing tingle through his entire body.
Laying there in the dark here, having her so close, Joe started playing a mind-game – a really daring one: he tried to imagine what saying these words would feel like – the thing with the L-word. The thing he had refused to ever say out loud. Because, to him, it equaled being trapped, vulnerable and at somebody’s mercy…
His jaws clenched, he spelled it out in his mind – the thing with the L-word. One word at a time. Just really carefully – ready to stop anytime. To get a feel for how scary it would actually be. 
At some point, over this unusual experiment, he fell asleep.
Breakfast noises…
(Friday, August 30th)

Sarah woke up from the smell of coffee and the clatter of dishes from the kitchen. It was almost nine.
She had gotten home around 11:10 pm the previous night and been quite surprised to see D’s car still parked outside. 
Obviously Joe and D had somehow gotten through several hours without her walking out or his throwing her out.
Sarah had entered the house, somewhat prepared to walk into an uncomfortable situation, such as finding her brother and D involved in a tense discussion in the kitchen or cuddled up on the sofa, watching some film and maybe hastily pulling apart as soon as they noticed her, because Joe was so skittish when it came to showing affection with anyone around.
The house had turned out to been dead quiet, however, and the entire downstairs deserted. Joe had apparently taken D upstairs with him.
This morning it was clear: D had actually stayed overnight.
Hearing the commotion in the kitchen now, Sarah contemplated if she should get up and go downstairs, or stay in bed until D had left.
Finally she decided to get up. Why not take advantage of her brother having made coffee and possibly having been to the bakery? And even if meeting D for breakfast might at first be a bit weird for all of them, there was no one she would rather see her brother having breakfast with…
~~~
“Good morning!” Sarah strolled into the kitchen, her eyebrows raised and a big grin on her face. “Hi D…”
Turning around on her chair, D gave her a lopsided smile. “Hi, Sarah…”
“There’s coffee left for you,” Joe said with a grand gesture while bringing over a steaming coffee mug for D and himself. “I got some bread for you, and – before I forget and you get any wrong ideas: she…” He nudged his head towards D. “She slept on the sofa…”
Sarah laughed out loud. “I’m so glad to hear that!”
“Yeah, aren’t you,” Joe grinned.
Sarah got a plate and a coffee cup out of the cabinet. From the corner of her eye she could see Joe step up to the table, set down the coffee cups and briefly run his hand across D’s back before sitting down beside her. 
Sarah poured her coffee. “I won’t ask you which sofa that would be,” she said without turning around.
“Thank you,” D and Joe said from behind her almost simultaneously. When they both started laughing, Sarah couldn’t help laughing too.
See you tonight
(Friday, August 30th)

“I’ll call you tonight, okay?” leaning her back against the closed front door, D draped her arms over his shoulders, locked her hands behind his neck, got on her toes and gave him a quick, warm tease of a kiss.
“Yeah, do that,” Joe nodded and pulled her closer for more of that kiss. “Maybe I’ll come over…”
“You really like my sofa, huh?” she chuckled and pulled away a little, trying to appear in command when he literally made her head spin.
He gave her an exaggeratedly stern look.
“I’m not going to sleep on the sofa!” he announced.
“Oh, you’re not?”
“Or, actually, I will happily sleep on your sofa, as long as you’re there too,” he stepped closer yet, cornering her between himself and the door, his hands on the doorframe on both sides of her. Tilting his head, he leaned in again and kissed her. Passionately… 
Then he took his hands off the doorframe and stepped back. 
“Okay, you’re released for right now…” 
D smiled and nodded and raised a hand, giving his cheek a gentle stroke of her thumb before she turned around and opened the door.
Leaning against the doorframe Joe watched her walk towards her car. 
It bothered him quite a bit that she was meeting Pete this afternoon. 
Supposedly Peeete was in town, preparing some customer for an audit and she would meet with him at the Riverside Café around four to hand over the two bags of his stuff that were still at her place.
It sounded harmless as can be, but it still bothered him. He had done his best not to let it show, however. Because his getting territorial here might not come across so well at this point. 
Outside, D had reached her car and turned around again. She smiled and waved. “Bye…”
He raised a hand. “Bye. See you tonight…”




Note from the author:

Please take a minute to rate or/and review this book. 
And if you’d like to know more about how Joe and D’s story continues, check out the third and final part of the series.

If you want to drop me a note, you can through the website. www.billywoodsmith.com
