 


CAN YOU 
MEND IT?

Part 1 - REUNION


by Billy Wood-Smith





Copyright © 2014 Billy Wood-Smith
Revised Edition 2021
All rights reserved. No part of this to publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any from or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying or otherwise, without prior permission of the author.


This novel is a work of fiction.
Names, characters, events and even some locations are purely fictitious and a work of the author’s imagination. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental.

While this story is taking place in Innsbruck, a beautiful city in Austria, it could happen almost anywhere around the world. 
For more on this book check
www.billywoodsmith.com

Table of Contents


Leaving
Pictures and Memories
Grocery Shopping
At the Airport
Guess Who’s Coming
Reaching Amsterdam
Saturday Evening Dinners
Such a Nice Guy!
Morning Sun Sneezes
D’s Sunday Afternoon
Party and Pills
Monday at Work
Leaving Schiphol Airport
Tuesday Evening
Lasagna Dinner
About Mom – and Dad…
Potato Salad Preparations
Grill Party
Wrong Chauffeur
Finding a Phone
Still up? 
Music and what it stands for…
It’s still good music! 
Just forget about it?
Waffles or Pancakes
A Talk with Jack
Lunch, Shopping and Borrowing CDs
An Afternoon Alone
Finishing the Tiramisu
Alligator Attacks
Garbage bags
Breakfast with Sarah
Parking Lot Reflections
My Dish, Your Sweater
Calls
Lakeside Hotel Arrivals
Dinner from Hell
As if she had planned it…
Dark Road Home
Safety Measures and a Bad Night
Awakenings
If it means anything to you…
Going Swimming
The Stalker
Italian Dinner with Friends
Boat Ride
Getting in the way of something?
Drive Home from the Lake
I don’t hate him
Are we still talking?
Meeting with Steve
Gone Car
Back off!
Note from the author
Leaving 
Location and Time: Joe’s and Liz’s flat in Munich, Germany on a Saturday morning in August

“Good morning, Honey,” Liz (27) tweeted as she strolled into the kitchen.
Joe (27) glanced up from the paper that he had spread out on the table in front of him and set the coffee mug down. Stone faced he watched her walk across the kitchen – her long blond hair damp from the shower, her short, pink silk kimono loosely tied around her waist.
As she approached the table, she tilted her head. “Are you still not talking to me?” She sounded like a pouting, little girl.
He watched her come closer, his jaws tightly locked. 
She stepped up to his chair and laid her hand on his shoulder. “Come on…” she purred as she bent down and ran her hand over to his other shoulder. Her arm draped around his shoulders now, she blew a kiss on his right temple. “Don’t be like that…” 
With the way she was positioned, and with her kimono not being really tight around her body, her bending down like this revealed an unobstructed view. Joe took that in for a moment and then glanced up at her. Did she really think that still worked? Apparently she did! He could feel her breathing close to his ear while she slowly let her fingertips dance along the collar of his shirt, her thumb teasingly running up to the nape of his neck, her other fingers extending towards his cheek, obviously attempting to make him turn his head to face her.
“Just cut it out, Liz,” he snapped and jerked his head away from her hand. “Just leave me alone!”
“Honey, come on!” She let out a silly, nervous giggle and perched against the table. “This is so silly! It’s Saturday, you’ve been angry long enough!” She reached out to touch his face again.
Joe turned away. “Stop that!” Then, with a quick movement, he pushed the chair back and got up. “I assume you’re done in the bathroom and the bedroom for right now?” Without waiting for an answer, he walked out of the kitchen, across the hallway, into the bedroom.
He pulled the curtains open with a lot more force than necessary and opened the windows. It still smelled like alcohol and smoke in here. She had definitely been drunk when she had gotten home last night sometime around two in the morning. He had pretended to be sound asleep on the sofa, but he had heard her stumble around, and the air in here spoke for itself. The tiny cocktail dress she must have been wearing, lay crumpled on his side of the bed. 
With a disgusted growl he snatched it off the bed and flung it onto the floor on her side. The dress was probably where the smell of smoke was coming from.
Joe walked over to the closet and almost tripped over one of her high heel sandals. He gave it a kick that took it flying under the bed.
He pulled the small suitcase he used for business trips from the top shelf of his closet and set it on the bed. From the corner of his eye, he could see Liz appear in the doorway. The pouting-girl expression from earlier had been replaced by a furious grimace. “How much longer are you going to act like this?” she hissed.
Ignoring her, Joe opened the suitcase and started filling it with clothes –  a couple of folded dress shirts, a pair of nicer shoes, one pair of sneakers, two ties, a pair of jeans, two polo shirts, socks and underwear for four days. His suit and another pair of slacks were already in a suit bag that was hanging behind the door.
“So you really, really have to pack right now, don’t you?” Liz snarled.
“Leave me alone,” he mumbled, keeping his eyes on the suitcase.
“You aren’t leaving until tomorrow anyway,” she said. “So why do you–?”
“The flight leaves today at two,” he told her coldly.
“Since when?”
“Does it matter?”
“Did you change it? Are you seriously going to leave, with things being so messed up between us?”
“Just let me pack, okay!”
“You’re such an asshole!”
He scoffed. “Sure.”
For a moment there, he expected her to throw herself at him next, with raised fists, but instead, she just violently stomped her foot on the floor, pulled the kimono tighter around herself and grabbed her belt, pulling so hard on both ends that the loose knot was turned super-tight. Joe suspected she would have to cut it off, if she ever wanted to get out of her kimono again.
“This was the last peace offer you’ll get from me,” she hissed.
“Oh, no!” 
He zipped up the suitcase and set it next to the bed on the carpet. Then he went back to the closet and pulled his big duffle bag out. He could feel her watching him as he sat it on the bed. He started packing the bag now. A few folded T-shirts, two cotton sweaters, more socks and underwear – enough to last for about eight days.
“What the hell do you need all that for?” Her voice suddenly sounded a bit shrill. “It’s just a three day business trip!”
Joe turned around and looked straight at her.“So?”
There was a moment of complete silence with Liz just staring at him. He turned around again, took two pairs of shorts from a drawer, folded them in half and laid them into the bag as well.
“What’s this supposed to be?” she barked and took a step into the bedroom.
Trying hard to stay calm, Joe rolled up a belt and slid it into his bag between the socks.
”Joe!?” she yelled. “Answer me!”
“It’s not that hard to figure out, Liz.” 
“Ah, I see,” she snarled. “You’re going for real drama here, aren’t you?”
“Me???” He shot her a puzzled look and shook his head. “Do me a favor Liz, go and have breakfast or whatever. Just leave me alone!”
While he walked around the room collecting and packing some more things, Liz yelled something about how much she hated him and how he was just the worst thing that had ever come her way. He abstained from returning the compliment, even though it would have hit the nail right on the head. Instead, he carried on with his packing.
“You’re crazy!” she hissed as if she still couldn’t believe this. “You can’t just go!”
Looking up at her, Joe let out a bitter laugh. “Watch me!” 
“This is just ridiculous!” she yelled.
“I’ve had it, Liz,” he told her sharply. “That’s it! You need to get help and I need to get out of here!”
“There’s nothing wrong with me!” she screamed. “You’re the one that… Oh, just go then!” She threw her hands in the air. “I don’t need you!”
“Good!” Joe flattened the contents of the bag with his left hand and checked how much space he had left. Not a whole lot.
He had just turned to his dresser again when she suddenly came flying at him from behind. He saw it too late, even though he should have expected it. Her hands like claws in front of her face, she lurched forward. “You’re such an ass…!” She dug her fingernails into his left shoulder that it hurt. “You told me this was just another business trip! And now…” 
He jerked his shoulder out of her grip. “Well, that’s what it is – just another business trip,” he growled through clenched teeth. “I just won’t be coming back here afterwards. But since you just told me how much you hate me, I’m confident you’ll be relieved to see me go! And by the way,” he changed to a fake-friendly tone, “you might be interested to know that Eric is not coming with me. I mean, just in case you need someone to warm your bed…”
Before she could stage another attack, he turned around and walked into the bathroom to get some stuff from there.
She followed him, hissing obscenities now. 
After half a minute, it must have dawned on her that he wasn’t even listening. So she changed her strategy: she started crying.
Joe had to keep himself from parroting her.
“If this is about Eric…” she croaked, shaken by a sob.
“I couldn’t care less what you do with Eric or Bob or What’s-his-name from upstairs…”
“Well, and that–” Almost choking on the words, she nodded towards the brace around his right hand. “I didn’t do that on purpose.”
“Right,” he coughed and continued filling his toiletry case with things from the mirror cabinet.
“Well, think what you want, you asshole!” Liz screamed and slammed her hand against the white doorframe. Next, she angrily scraped her fingernails over the paint so hard that Joe couldn’t help glancing at the floor to see if any of those false things had been ripped off. Amazingly, they had not. The doorframe had a few pink lines now, though, from the nail polish.
He shrugged and zipped up his toiletry case. After a quick look around, he decided to still grab a shampoo bottle from the shower.
Liz, meanwhile, dropped into the chair outside the bathroom and started sobbing again, her face buried in her hands.
Joe walked by her, back to his bag. Maybe two years ago her bawling would have still had the desired effect. At this point in their relationship he had already seen it all (or at least more than enough for his taste), and her tears didn’t get to him anymore. They definitely didn’t make him soft. On the contrary, there had been times when the theatrical sobbing had made him so angry. More even, than her ranting and screaming.
Before he had met her, he had not even known he could get so angry. There had been fights with her, where keeping himself from losing it had been excruciatingly hard. She really knew how to push your buttons. But if you let her push you to the point where your hand might slip, you’d find yourself in an entirely different kind of disaster.
By now, he was semi-immune to the insanities and provocations she delivered. He liked to tell himself that he had developed a venom-repellent protective coat and that this was a good thing. Still, sometimes his own calmness and indifference scared him – more than the anger and the struggle to control it ever had. The anger had been normal, given the circumstances. Not giving a shit anymore, no matter what she said or did, was not.
“I know exactly why you’re in such a hurry to get to Amsterdam!” Liz interrupted his contemplations. “There’s some bitch you can’t wait to…”
“Now look who’s talking!” Joe let out a bitter laugh. “Just shut up, Liz, okay? The only thing I really can’t wait for in Amsterdam is peace and quiet!”
When Liz countered this with another round of hissing obscenities and verbal attacks that were way below the belt line, interrupted by well-delivered sobs, he realized that staying halfway calm and focused here was getting harder by the minute. It was only a matter of time before his protective coat, as good as it may be, would get porous. It was like with a rain jacket and too much rain.
The drama had dragged on for days now, and Liz’s malice had been delivered in dosages that were way above average, even for her standards. They had been at war ever since he had returned from a business trip two and a half weeks ago. Three days later, things – or, actually, Liz’s behavior -  had gotten totally out of hand… 
When he had returned from the emergency room that night, his mind had been made up: he was pulling the plug. He was leaving. It was long overdue.
Since then, he had made sure he had as little contact and interaction with her as possible. She had made a few attempts to sweet-talk and make up with him, but he had just shut her out. At work, he had tied up the loose ends, he had rescheduled the flight to Amsterdam and he had had a long talk with Steve.
There was still a little space in the duffle bag, so he got his trekking sandals from the closet and packed those as well.
That’s when the sobbing and hissing behind him suddenly stopped. It was amazing how she was able to just switch it on and off.
From the corner of his eye Joe registered that Liz had risen from her chair.
“You’ll have to come back anyway,” she told him – her voice surprisingly calm now.
“No, I don’t.” He kept his eyes on the bag.
“Well, what about the company? Are you going to run away from that as well?”
Ignoring her, he took out the sandals again, put another sweater underneath and then put the sandals back on top.
“Or are you going to move into your office now?” She laughed. “Kind of pathetic, but since you’re the co-owner, why not, huh?”
Joe turned around and shot her a cold look. “Nooo, I’m not moving into the office. Besides, your brother can run the company by himself for a while. I don’t need to be there.”
Her expression turned puzzled. Obviously, she had been sure that she had it all figured out – his plan, that for sure was never going to work. And now it turned out that the plan might be entirely different after all. Suddenly there seemed to be a trace of panic in her expression. 
Joe couldn’t help enjoying that for the moment it lasted. “I’m taking a time-out,” he told her matter-of-factly. “Your brother has already given me his blessing.”
“Oh, you’ve already discussed everything with Steve,” she scathed.
“The business side of it -Yes! This mess - No!”
“You can’t just leave!” she yelled and suddenly took two quick steps towards him. She got hold of the bag and tried to pull it off the bed, her face distorted with fury.
“God, stop that!” Joe grabbed the strap of the bag with his left hand and jerked it back to where it had been, giving her a dark look. But Liz was still holding on to the flap of the outside pocket with one of her hands. “Get it if you want it…” she grinned.
Joe shook his head, reached over and grabbed her hand on the bag with his left hand. He knew he better keep his right hand out of the struggle here. Blocking her with his right arm, he managed to keep her from getting the second hand on the bag while he literally pried her fingers off the bag one by one. 
“Let go of my hand,” she whined and tried to pull it out of his tight grip. His eyes locked with hers, he gave her fingers a well-measured squeeze as a warning. 
After letting go of her hand, he quickly turned around, stepped behind her and slung his arms around her waist. While she kicked and screamed, he half carried, half shoved her out of the room into the hallway and then quickly slipped back into the bedroom, slammed the door shut and locked it before she could follow him.
He went over to the bed and sank down on it. 
Drawing in a deep breath, he buried his face in his hands for a moment and tried to pull himself together. 
In the kitchen, something shattered on the floor. Maybe his coffee mug? Another bang. Most likely the juice glass?
Then he heard Liz shuffle around the kitchen. A minute later, her footsteps approached the bedroom door again.
A metallic noise that seemed to come from the key hole was audible, and the key Joe had just locked the door with, fell on the bedroom carpet. Crap, had Liz found another key? 
After a few seconds of the other key clunking around inside the lock, Joe heard something metallic hit the tile floor in the hallway. She must have dropped the other key in frustration because it hadn’t fit.
Rubbing his forehead, Joe pushed himself up from the bed. He really needed to get out of here as fast as he could.
Outside, Liz was swearing. Then she started banging and kicking against the door, calling him all kinds of names. 
He zipped up the bag, grabbed his jacket from the hook on the door, put it on, snatched the key from the floor and stuck it back into the keyhole. Surprisingly, it stayed there despite another kick from Liz against the door. 
Joe checked the pockets of his jacket, making sure his wallet and car keys were still there. It occurred to him that he still had a spare car key in one of the drawers in the living room, but trying to retrieve it now was not a option.
He suddenly thought of something else and returned to the bathroom. From a drawer, he took an unopened package of painkillers, opened it, pulled one of the two blister-pack sheets and the leaflet out and stuffed both in his jacket.
Back in the bedroom he took another quick look around and then decided that he had everything.  The laptop and the iPod were in the car already, his new mobile phone in the back pocket of his jeans. Liz had destroyed the previous phone during a tantrum last month.
He slung the strap of the duffle bag over his shoulder, grabbed the suitcase and took the clothes bag from the hook on the door. 
Time to go!
As he set the suitcase down to unlock the door, he realized that it had become suspiciously quiet outside. Bracing himself for any kind of attack that he decided to fend off with the suitcase, he quickly turned the key and pushed open the door. 
To his surprise, Liz was sitting in the kitchen across the hallway and was not lurking beside the door, ready to fling herself at him.
While he headed for the front door that led to the common stairway, he could hear Liz’s chair scraping against the tile floor in the kitchen. 
“Joe, I–” She was coming closer, her tone pleading now.
 He reached for the door handle and was just pushing it down, when she caught up with him and got hold of his right hand in an attempt to hold him back; keep him from walking out. 
He jerked his hand out of her grip in a reflex that did not take into account the consequences on the broken fingers. The instant, sharp pain that flashed from his hand all the way up to the top of his head was a stark reminder. For a moment, he was literally seeing stars. 
Liz used his brief state of pain-induced immobility and attempted to push between him and the door to block his way.
“My God, Liz, just get out of my way!” he shoved her aside and walked on.
In her pink kimono and barefoot on the tile floor she followed him to the common stairway.
He kept walking towards the stairs while she was hissing incomprehensible stuff right behind him.  Then, suddenly, in a perfectly calm and clear voice, she said: “Oh, now I get it!”
He kept moving, not about to show any interest in what she thought she had just figured out.
“You’re going to Innsbruck, staying with your sister… – Sarah. Aren’t you?” She was just probing.
He ignored her.
“Oh, I’m sure Sarah will be just thrilled!” Liz snarled.
Joe gave an irritated shake of his head and kept walking.
“Oh… and what’s her name?” Liz gloated. “Danielle.” She dragged out the name. “Right? Danielle. I bet she’ll be really happy to see you. Who knows, maybe she’ll even take you back!”
Joe had stopped and jerked around, the bottom of the suitcase dangerously close to hitting her legs. 
Unprepared for his sudden change of course, she almost lost her balance, but managed to grab the handrail just in time and catch herself. 
Face to face with him now, she grinned. Tilted her head and looked straight into his eyes. Provocation at its finest.
Joe exhaled through clenched teeth. Then he shook his head, turned around and started walking down the stairs. There was no way he was taking the elevator today, as that would have meant being locked up in a very small space with a very crazy woman for the six endless seconds it took to travel down two floors.
Liz kept following him, currently unexpectedly quiet.
Finally, he reached the door to the garage, pushed it open and headed for his Volvo.
Liz followed close behind, now screaming again. “Oh, and won’t it be nice to see Jack again? Now he and you can compare notes about me…”
“Oh just shut up!” he hissed. “Do you really think I want to share with anyone what’s going on here?” He threw the bags into the car through the driver’s door, afraid that - if he took the time to put them into the trunk – she might pull them out or come up with some other kind of stunt before he could even start the car.
Now he dropped into the driver’s seat, quickly pulled the door shut and locked the car from the inside. Maybe he was overreacting, but better safe than sorry…
Liz was standing a few meters away from the car, an incredulous expression on her face. It almost seemed as if she was only now coming to the conclusion that he hadn’t been bluffing.
Joe started the engine, still expecting her to do something crazy such as throw herself at the car as he backed it up. He didn’t really know how he would react in such a case. 
But then, surprisingly, she just kept staring at him from where she was standing. Once he had fully pulled out of the parking spot, she turned around and stormed off towards the door they had just come through.
Driving out of the garage, Joe realized that his hands were trembling and he had a hard time changing gears. Of course, the brace around his right hand and the fact that he seemed to be unable to give the hand the rest it desperately needed, didn’t help at all. Since the struggle with Liz there was a throbbing pain from the broken fingers all the way up to his elbow. 
He drove for fifteen minutes, just to get some distance between himself and Liz. Then he pulled into the parking lot of a large grocery store and parked the car.
Leaning back in his seat, he took a few deep breaths and briefly closed his eyes. Okay, he had finally done it. It was over! He couldn’t believe how drained he felt.
Opening his eyes again, he gazed through the front window, watched the people hurrying or strolling in and out of the store; people in business outfits, young mothers with little children, an older lady with a cane, a guy and a girl in a close embrace, stopping a few times to kiss. Joe looked away.
Even though the extreme tension that had had a grip on him for the past few days was starting to ease a tiny bit now, he still felt as if someone had literally sucked the life out of him. That had, of course, happened gradually over the past two and a half years. It was probably like being exposed to a toxin for an extended period of time. The effects don’t stop right when the exposure ends. Some damage might even be irreversible. Maybe the indifference and the cynicism he had developed would remain. Only time would tell.
He got out of the car and moved his luggage from the passenger seat to the trunk. His right hand was really hurting now. The two broken fingers that were fixed to the molded plastic brace by a padded black Velcro strap seemed more swollen than they had been this morning. The entire hand seemed kind of swollen. He slightly loosened the strap around the broken fingers and also the one around his wrist. Everything seemed too tight right now. Maybe he should actually try the painkillers they had prescribed at the hospital? So far, he hadn’t needed them, because the stuff they had fed him right after it had happened had been potent enough to get him through the first few days, and after that, he’d been okay. But last night he had banged his hand against the metal frame of the sofa when making his bed, and just now, the row with Liz, had really set it off. 
With his left hand he pulled the sheet of pills and the leaflet out of his jacket. He unfolded the leaflet and scanned through it. The side effects, of course, ranged from drowsiness to vomiting to hallucinations all the way to heart failure. He just hated taking medication!
As he turned the page around, he saw the warning in bold letters not to drive a car or operate any heavy machinery after taking the pills.
With a frustrated growl he stuffed the pills and the leaflet back into his pocket. He’d just have to deal with the pain for now
Pictures and Memories
Location and Time: Danielle’s duplex in Innsbruck, Austria, on the same Saturday morning in August

D was pulled out of her sleep by the barking of the neighbor’s little dog outside her window. 
She drowsily reached for the alarm clock on the bedside table. Ten o’clock already? She hardly ever slept past nine on weekends. But last night she had watched TV until past midnight, which was somewhat untypical too.
She climbed out of bed, stretched and pulled back the curtains. The bright sunlight made her squint. It was going to be another beautiful August day. 
And there, in the neighbors’ backyard, Tiffany, the little, spoilt Yorkshire terrier was bouncing around Mrs. Wilder and barked excitedly. 
Stepping away from the window, D shot herself a quick look in the mirror and tried to decide if she should first have a shower or breakfast? There was no rush to get anywhere today. She only had to leave around three-thirty to drive to Salzburg for Mom’s birthday party.
Thinking about that party and the undoubtedly great food her brother Robert would be preparing, her stomach growled – a clear sign that she should have breakfast before her shower.
She slipped into her sweat pants and shot an unhappy look at the pile of clothes on the chair beside the window. The ironing pile… Sometime she really needed to iron that stuff. 
The ironing pile along with three other fabric piles in here – one on the bed, two on the carpet beside it – were left from her big project of cleaning out her closets and drawers. What was lying around, either needed to be ironed or taken to the clothes containers close to her office. The get-rid-of piles included things such as mustard-colored towels that had belonged to her grandma, a cocktail dress that Pete had bought her and that revealed just way too much cleavage and the flowery tablecloth with eight matching napkins that Aunt Sauvie had given her for her twentieth birthday and that she had never used. Hopefully someone else would appreciate them more.
D walked from the bedroom through the sun-flooded living room and on to the kitchen that was separated from the living room by two waist-high cabinets and the bar counter. She started the coffee machine.
Ten minutes later, D was sitting on the big sofa in the living room, a plate with toast, scrambled eggs and a few slices of cheese on her lap and a steaming coffee mug on the couch table in front of her. She pressed a few buttons on the remote controls and continued watching her show from the previous night. It was a sixty-episode romantic comedy that had first aired twelve years ago. Like almost every teenager then, she had been addicted to it at the time, but had totally forgotten about it over the years. Now Robert had given her the complete DVD set for her birthday, and she was watching an episode or two (or four like last night) whenever she had time. She noticed how much her attitude towards relationship issues had changed over the years, though. As a teenager she had been devastated when the two protagonists had split up. She – like most of her friends - had desperately hoped for the two to get back together. That had never happened, however, and – looking at it today – she could totally understand the girl’s refusal to even consider giving the guy another chance. He was a jerk and he deserved to be kicked out of her life!
D had just finished eating her egg and was chuckling over a funny scene, when her phone beeped from the coffee table. 
Lifting her plate, she leaned forward, already bracing herself for a text message from Pete. But it turned out to be a message from Sarah instead:
Hi D,
Are you up yet? Don’t forget to check if you have any good photos for next weekend. I could pick them up early this afternoon. I’ll see Jack tomorrow.
Sarah
D sighed. She had really hoped to get out of this task by just ignoring it long enough. It had been looming over her head for more than two months now, and she had dreaded it ever since Rick and Jack had come up with the idea of assembling a show of photos and films for the get-together next weekend. Everyone was supposed to contribute their best or funniest photographic material.
With a resigned breath, D sent a reply back to Sarah: 
Okay. D
Then she directed her attention back to what was happening on TV. She didn’t get to enjoy it for very long, however. After two minutes the phone beeped again with a text message from her brother, Robert:
Danielle, do you have any birthday candles that you could bring for the cake? 
Thanks, 
Rob
She typed in a quick response:
I’ll bring some. D
Then she resumed watching TV, her breakfast plate now empty. Soon the phone came to life again. This time it was ringing. And the display showed a picture of Pete. 
She gloomily looked at the image for a moment. She should really delete that picture at some point, because it caused all kinds of unpleasant emotions. With a slight, irritated shake of her head, she turned the TV off and got up from the sofa. The phone rang a few more times and then fell silent.
In the kitchen, D put the dishes into the dishwasher and then looked for the birthday candles Robert had asked her to bring. She had to open a few drawers until she finally found them behind the aluminum foil and the plastic bags. There were seven left. That would have to do. Mom wouldn’t want the full amount of candles on the cake anyway. 
She put the candles with her purse so she wouldn’t forget them later. Then, checking her watch, she tried to make up her mind if she should have her shower now. She decided to face the picture task first. Just to get it over with…
She went to the spare room and grabbed the old laptop from the shelf beside the tower of moving boxes that still contained stuff from the dorm room and from her room at her parents’ place in Salzburg.  In the very back of the room lay the camping stuff she hadn’t used in over three years. Going camping had just not been an option with Pete. When he went on vacation it had to at least be four-star hotel.

Back in the kitchen, D set the old laptop on the dining table under the window and started it. The photos her friends were interested in would be on this computer. 
Drawing in a deep breath, she waited for it to boot up. It took a while, so she straightened out the placemat beside herself and pulled the blue binder with the swan logo and some images of London over. Her boss at Swan, Harry Swan had handed it to her a few days prior. It contained all the information on the conference/seminar in London she and some colleagues were going to attend soon. Also, the job descriptions for three new positions Swan was creating in their London subsidiary were in the binder. Harry and June, D’s closest colleague at work, were both trying to convince her to apply for a transfer to London. June had already applied herself.
Finally, the computer was ready, and D clicked her way through screens to the My pictures folder. She could feel the anxiety rise. A total of twenty-three folders popped up on the screen, the first dating back to when she had gotten the laptop, the last from two and a half years ago. The folders’ names were made up of the respective year and season, which gave a very general idea of their content. 
Okay. D blew out a tense breath. She would have really liked to avoid this de-facto trip to the past, but here we go…
She clicked on the folder that had been created around the time she had come to Innsbruck almost seven years ago to study at the university. While the computer was taking its time to open the folder, the mobile phone started ringing again from the sofa.
Briefly closing her eyes and grinding her teeth, she clenched her hand around her mouse. Most likely that was Pete again. 
On the screen a miniature overview of pictures appeared, and D clicked on the first photo. It showed her parents’ car in the crowded dorm parking lot, the trunk stuffed to the limit. Next pictures: Robert and Dad carrying her shelf from the car to the dorm; Mom in the dorm’s lobby, smiling; dorm room 415 in its initial bare state; her parents in a café in Innsbruck; Robert perched on the desk in her dorm room, boxes, bags and other moving stuff all around him. 
The next picture must have been taken a few days later and showed her dorm room again, now looking more inviting – with her rug, her curtains and the framed print of a mountain with thunderstorm clouds. Today, this picture was hanging in her entryway on the wall beside the front door.
Her gaze fixed on the screen, D remembered these early days in Innsbruck and how her emotions had been a crazy mix of excitement and anxiety; happiness and loneliness; frustration and excitement… 
Before moving into the dorm, she had never lived away from home. She had had no friends in Innsbruck, and figuring out the somewhat complicated university system as well as getting used to dorm life had been a bit overwhelming at first. She had gotten used to it soon, though. And the kitchen on her dorm floor had turned out to be the perfect place to go to when you needed company.
Tapping on the mouse, she speed-clicked through the rest of the pictures. They were kind of interesting, but they had been taken before she had made Sarah’s acquaintance.
She opened a new folder. The first photo that came on showed Sarah rolling her eyes at Jack. 
She had met Sarah in an extracurricular intermediate-level Italian language course a few weeks after moving to Innsbruck. The Italian professor had instructed everyone to team up with the person sitting next to them and come up with a short doctor-patient dialogue in Italian. Her partner for this turned out to be Sarah, and they had had an absolute blast writing and then performing their dialogue. Sarah had impersonated a flirty elderly male doctor and D had played a very whiny, hypochondriac female patient. 
Despite the fact that Sarah was a year and a half older, they had clicked right away and become friends. They had so much in common – same kind of humor, same taste in music and films, similar views on the big issues of the world.
Having grown up in Innsbruck, Sarah was living in a house with her parents and had a circle of friends, most of whom she had known since kindergarten. Her younger brother was living and studying in Vienna. 
D continued clicking through her pictures and soon found some that were taken at a party at Jack’s.  Sarah had taken her to this party so she could finally meet ‘the gang’. There was a good photo of Carey and Rick, then Jack hugging a giant bowl of chips; Tony, Anja and Sun sitting on the carpet in Jack’s parents’ living room and, finally, Sarah and Carey chatting in the hallway...
Smiling to herself, D created a new folder that she named ‘For Sarah’ and copied the best pictures from this folder over.
After Jack’s party it hadn’t taken long for her to become part of Sarah’s group of friends. There had always been something going on or planned – hikes, bike rides, parties, movies, trips by train or car. It had been a lot of fun.

With a quick swipe of the mouse and a click on the next folder a new miniature picture overview opened up. D clicked on the first photo and found herself looking at Sarah, who was leaning against a stack of wood, a water bottle in her hand, a backpack on the ground in front of her. This must have been on one of their hikes together. Next came a shot of some trees, a stream and snow-covered mountain tops; then Jack with a big stick pretending to herd sheep; Rick and Carey, smiling, surrounded by sheep; Carey, still surrounded by sheep, looking into the camera a little uncomfortably, her arms crossed. D chose some good shots and copied them to the compilation for Sarah, then opened another folder. It started out with some shots from another hike with the gang. Must have been in late October or so. There were Jack and Rick on a muddy path, looking a bit unhappy; a close-up of what looked like one frog mounting another; an unfocused shot of Rick and Sun posing arm in arm, typical photo-smiles on their faces. Then Carey sitting on a bench, munching on a sandwich… 
D chose a few good photos and copied them over. 
The next folder contained Christmas photos: Jack feeding Sarah a Christmas cookie; Sun and Anja wearing Santa hats; mulled wine party at the dorm… Then pictures of her family around the Christmas tree: Mom trying on the coat she had gotten as a gift; Dad presenting a new tool; Robert hugging a massive cook book…
As she went through another folder, she found pictures of a trip to Venice with the Italian course. There was Sarah posing in front of some gondolas; Sarah and someone else waving from the Rialto Bridge; Sarah and herself, with wet hair and drenched, in a restaurant, huge plates of steaming pasta in front of them. 
D picked a few images from the Venice trip, added them to Sarah’s folder and continued. 
There were several shots of Robert, proudly posing beside his new car; then a series of photos of drunk-looking people in the dorm kitchen, candles and many wine and beer bottles and glasses on the table. 
Her finger on the mouse was tapping and she was going through pictures swiftly until she faltered and stopped clicking. A photo of Carey talking to Sun in the Reilleys’ garden, both holding a glass of wine in their hands. D felt her throat tighten. These were from Sarah’s 21st birthday party… 
She was definitely entering more uncomfortable territory now! 
Resisting the urge to switch to another, more harmless folder, she kept clicking through this one:  Sarah pointing to a pretty birthday cake: Happy 21st Birthday; Sarah with some birthday guests; a great shot of Sarah’s parents; Grandma Reilley sitting on a chair, looking exhausted.
Another click, and Grandma was replaced by the entire Reilley family under their cherry tree. 
D swallowed as she gazed at the smiling family – Sarah, with her Mom, her Dad, her Grandma – and Joe.
The picture was almost six years old. She didn’t seriously still have a problem with that?!? No way! She forced her eyes to focus on Sarah’s brother.
Up until this birthday party, she had never met him. She had heard of him, of course. He was a year younger than Sarah, had gone to school with Jack and Sun, was studying in Vienna and hardly ever came home. Therefore, his showing up for Sarah’s birthday had been a surprise.
Letting her eyes trail towards the window for a moment, D took a deep breath. She hadn’t been sure which emotional impact looking at these photos would have. It came as an immense relief that it was okay. She was looking at his picture here and was still feeling fine. She had obviously reached a state where this was nothing but a bunch of old photographs!
Almost feeling as if she’d passed a dreaded exam, D clicked through the rest of the folder and finally copied a few pictures of the birthday girl and friends (not brother, though!) into the collection for Sarah. Then she stretched and yawned and told herself that she could stop now. She had put together enough pictures to prove that she had made an effort. That’s all that mattered.
On the other hand, why not look at some more? Now that she knew that it was okay…
She opened the next folder. 
Sarah, Jack and Anja beside their bikes, some beautifully blooming trees behind them; then a shot of herself and Sarah on a bench, enjoying the spring sun.  During this bike ride, Sarah had told them that her brother was returning to Innsbruck in April. The reasons for this transfer from one university to the other in the middle of the term had not been totally clear, but Sarah had had some wild theories, all based on the assumption that her brother had been caught messing around with a girl who turned out the be the daughter, niece or girlfriend of the professor who (and that was a fact) was giving him serious trouble now. 
D absent-mindedly clicked through the next few photos: images of her parents; Robert and herself in the backyard at home. Then some shots of Carey and Anja painting a white wall a warm yellow; Sarah stirring paint in a bucket; Jack and Tony taping off windows frames. This had been in the flat that Anja had rented in May of that year. They had all helped with painting walls and with the move.
Joe must have been back in Innsbruck by then, but he had not been there for the painting and hadn’t joined them for any activities for quite a while. One reason had been his being busy trying to adjust to the different curriculum at Innsbruck University in time to pass the yearly finals in June.  The other reason, and Sarah loved to bitch about that – had been his motorcycle and girls.
D scratched her head and tried to concentrate on the photos rather than the memories that were starting to pop up uncontrollably now.
She picked a few pictures of the painting project and copied them over, then she moved on to the next folder, unable to stop.
It started with a shot of Jack showing off his newest remodeled car – an old VW beetle. Then Sarah and Joe beside the beetle, giving a thumbs up. 
It had happened gradually.  Her falling in love with Sarah’s brother…
Even though he had still not participated in any activities with the gang, she had run into him when being over at the Reilleys’ to visit Sarah. Mrs. Reilley had regularly insisted D stay for dinner before going back to the dorm. Joe had been sitting across from her at the dinner table then. Their exchanges had not gone beyond Hi and Bye and the occasional Could you pass me the butter, please?, however.
That had changed one Saturday in late July, when he had spontaneously joined Sarah and herself to the river.
Blocking out any deeper thoughts about this day, D continued going through photos: There was Sarah standing next to Joe’s motorcycle, a look on her face that clearly showed how much she detested that thing; Joe and his Dad, both smiling, the tension tangible despite the friendly faces. 
D clicked further. There were pictures from up at the mountain, some snow on the ground. The whole gang had taken the cable car up that day in late August. The view had been fabulous – snow-covered sun-lit mountaintops, fog in the valley.  
The next photos showed Rick and Sarah putting their knitted hats on; then Jack, Rick and Joe building a snowman. 
Joe’s coming along for this had been a surprise. It had been the first time he actually joined the group since he had moved back to Innsbruck.
As D clicked on, the snowman onscreen was finished and finally given someone’s knitted hat, Jack’s scarf and buttons made from some cookies Carey had brought.
A little hesitant, D continued going through the following photos: Tony pretending to strangle the snowman with the scarf; Joe attempting to protect the snowman with a broken ski pole that he had found nearby; Rick walking away with the snowman’s head under his arm. Finally: their group gathered around the headless snowman, Sarah cradling the snowman’s head and Jack stroking it’s cheek.
Joe had been standing right behind her when this picture had been taken. It had probably been a coincidence. She still remembered being so aware of his being there. And it had been the first time she had secretly wished he’d stand closer.
Stubbornly ignoring the pang in her stomach that the photo caused, she marked the picture and added it to the collection for Sarah. It was a good shot, so, why not?
Afterwards she closed the folder and leaned back in her chair. Maybe it was time to stop. What she had seen so far, had affected her less than feared. There was no need to push it, though. And something told her that the material in the following folders would be pushing it. What she’d get to see was plenty of photographic evidence of her relationship with Sarah’s brother. She really didn’t need to see that! Or did she?
Twisting a strand of hair between her fingers, she dropped her eyes to the keyboard. To stop or not to stop?
She glanced back up at the screen. Then, slowly, she steered the cursor towards the next folder and opened it with a double-click. 
As soon as the overview of miniature pictures came on, she changed the view to list, making the forty mini pictures disappear and pulling up a list of forty file names instead. The file names consisted of the letter P followed by a seven-digit number, and there was no way of telling which picture those were pertaining to. She was going to play this like Russian roulette – steer the mouse on a file and open it with a double-click. She was going to apply this procedure to a few randomly picked pictures from this folder and the following two, then she would stop this and have her shower.
The first photo she opened showed herself, standing beside her bike, shooting an undecided look into the camera.
Not giving herself time to think about this very first bike ride with Sarah’s brother, she picked another picture. It turned out to be Joe sitting on her dorm bed, a coffee mug in his hand. 
D swallowed. This must have been after his accident. Yeah, because there were the crutches beside the desk.
Drawing in a deep breath, she clicked back to the list of P-files, placed the cursor somewhere and double-clicked. Her parents’ Christmas tree with a lot of nicely wrapped packages lying underneath…
She had left Innsbruck that year to spend the Christmas days with her family. The plan had been to be back in Innsbruck for the gang’s New Year’s party. But then, on Christmas Day she had come down with a bad cold and a fever, and there had been no chance she could have travelled back to see her friends. It had been devastating – until, totally out of the blue, Joe had showed up at her parents’ house and ended up staying over New Year’s. 
Releasing a shaky breath, D opened the next folder. Looking at the list of numbers before her, she tensely steered the mouse almost all the way down: Jack, leaning against a tree and eating a banana, Tony and Kim hugging in the background. Probably one of the first times Tony had brought his girlfriend along.
Next photo: Herself sitting on a bench, a sandwich in hand, and Joe leaning over from behind the bench, pretending to be clawing for her sandwich.
The following picture turned out to be of the dorm kitchen after the cleaning service hadn’t showed up for four days in a row. She had e-mailed this ‘piece of evidence’ to the carrier that ran the dorm.
She chose another file: Robert, Joe and herself in her parents’ living room, Joe’s arms wrapped around her.
Before she could get sucked into memories here, she closed the file and the folder and then just sat there for a moment. Did she really want to see more?
Not quite sure what was driving her, she opened a folder from a year later. First picture: a small wooden cabin at a lake, trees around it, Joe’s car parked next to it. They had spent a few days at his aunt’s cabin.
Even though she knew, she should probably avoid the following photos, her hand had already clicked further: Joe standing in the lake, the water up to his waist, hair dripping wet, the cabin in the background. 
D swallowed. Then she gave the guy on the screen another glance and finally made him disappear. 
Okay. Deep breath… 
Last two pictures. 
Her hand a bit sweaty now, she clicked on whatever the cursor landed on: Joe at the grill, waving a dangerous-looking fork at the camera and smiling a big smile.
D exhaled and scrolled all the way down to the very last photo: It must have been taken in a Chinese restaurant. There was the typical décor and lots of bowls with all kinds of dishes. Across the table, Rick was holding up his chopsticks and beside him, Sarah was smiling. To her right, Jack was looking into the camera – with Liz cuddling up to him. 
D exhaled and closed the file. 
Grocery Shopping
Location and Time: A grocery store in Innsbruck, Austria; same Saturday, just before noon.

Sarah (28) pushed the shopping cart into the aisle with the noodles. It was eleven-thirty and the store was crowded. Sarah growled to herself, annoyed that she hadn’t gotten to the store earlier. She had planned to, but then Mom had called from Spain where she was traveling with Aunt Tess, and they had talked for a while. After that, Sarah had spent some time putting together a shopping list and finally sent a quick text message to D, pushing her about the photos again…
She looked at her grocery list. She wanted to prepare lasagna for when Joe came. Ideally, she would make the sauce already during the weekend because there might not be enough time for it on Monday or Tuesday after work. 
In a way, she still couldn’t believe that he was really coming. He had only been back in Innsbruck twice over the last three years. The first time had been for his last two exams three months after he had left. He had asked Jack for asylum – supposedly because he had wanted to avoid Dad. Sarah suspected that he had also wanted to avoid her, though. She hadn’t really cared to see him either. After the mess he had caused by getting involved with Liz…
Had it not been for Jack, she and Joe might have stayed angry at each other for a lot longer. But Jack had basically forced them to get together and talk things over. At first, they had just grumbled at each other, but eventually they had had a good talk. They had carefully avoided speaking about Liz or D, though, because that would have destroyed any common ground they may have found. Instead, Joe had told her that he was trying to start a software company with Liz’s brother, Steve, and how living away from home was great. 
They had stayed in touch after that – by e-mail every other week and a call on the phone on special occasions like birthdays and Christmas.
If she was honest, she had never been sure how he was really doing, no matter what he said or wrote. He had always claimed to be fine, but she had had her doubts. Maybe just wishful thinking, though, because she couldn’t stand Liz.
Thirteen months ago, Dad had died. Totally unexpectedly. His assistant at the university had found him late at night in the office. He had had a heart attack. 
Joe had come for the funeral – together with Liz. It had been crazy two days, with all of them functioning in a haze, shocked from the loss, overwhelmed by the arrangements that needed to be made, and finally, almost numbly, getting through the funeral itself.
There had not been much chance to talk with Joe. Liz had always been around, and Sarah had had no interest in discussing anything personal in her presence. Only on the very last morning, Joe and herself had had a moment alone. It had been good, but kind of short – and tense. At the end, just as an afterthought, she had told him that if he ever needed a vacation (from work or anything else…) he should come to Innsbruck and use his old room - anytime. Joe had laughed and leaned over and given her a spontaneous hug – a very rare thing, coming from him…

When Jack’s and Rick‘s idea for a reunion of ‘the gang’ had started to take shape a few months ago, she had forwarded the invitation to Joe as well. Not in her wildest dreams had she expected a positive response. 
First there had been no response at all. But then, three weeks ago, she had received a text message on her mobile phone.
Hi Sarah,
just decided I’d like to come for this reunion thing. Could I stay with you?
Joe
She had read the message twice to make sure she hadn’t misunderstood. Then she had sent it on to Jack, who had been equally thrilled. 
To Joe she had responded:
Hi Joe,
Wow! I’m still trying to recover from the surprise! Sure you can stay with me! Got a big house here… Stay as long as you want! Jack says Hi, by the way. Wants to know if you want to share a room with him at the hotel?  We’ll make the reservations.
Sarah
Joe had answered:
Hi,
Sharing a room with Jack sounds great. Tell him Hi. I might actually really stay a little longer. Would that be okay?
Joe
And she had texted back:
Hi Joe,
Yes. Would definitely be okay. Would be great, in fact!
Sarah

Glancing from her shopping list into her cart that only contained a head of lettuce and two packages of lasagna noodles so far, Sarah decided to head towards the canned food section next. 
She was just walking past the pineapples, when her phone started to ring in the depth of her purse. She started digging through the contents but didn’t find the phone before the call was diverted to voice mail. The call had been from Joe.
 She was about to call him back, when he called again. 
“Hi, Joe… I was too slow,” Sarah said.
He laughed. “Do you maybe have a little too much stuff in our purse?”
“Nothing I don’t need,” she retorted.
“Of course! You limit yourself to the absolute essentials.” He was definitely making fun of her.
“Yeah, yeah. Hahaha! Where are you?”
“On my way to the airport.”
Sarah was confused. “I though you weren’t going to Amsterdam until tomorrow.”
“Yeah, well, the initial plan has changed a little,” he admitted. “I’m going today. And I just wanted to give you a quick call because I might have my phone turned off a lot over the next few days. For the meetings and stuff… I’ll check my messages though.”
Sarah raised her eyebrows, finding the statement a bit weird, but keeping herself from commenting on it. “Are you still coming to Innsbruck on Tuesday evening?”
“Yeah, that hasn’t changed. I’m supposed to land in Munich around four-thirty, I think, and then drive to Innsbruck. I’ll give you a call once I get to my car.”
”Okay, sounds good.” Sarah took four cans of tomatoes from a shelf. She also grabbed some tomato paste and then pushed the cart towards the cooling section.
“I’m grocery shopping at the moment,” she told him, “I want to make lasagna Tuesday night. Mom’s recipe. Maybe I’ll make some Tiramisu as well. So, make sure you’re hungry!”
“Sounds great! Don’t worry, I’ll be hungry.”
“Good!” Sarah leaned down and reached for a carton of milk. “I still can’t believe you’re actually coming.”
“Yeah, I know…” He laughed, but it sounded a bit forced. Then he said something else, but the connection was starting to go bad. “Can… still hear me?” He was breaking up.
Sarah frowned. “The connection is pretty bad,” she said, not sure how much of this he would still hear. The last thing she heard from him sounded like “…call you Tuesday…” 
Sarah was about to put the phone back into her purse when a text message came in:
Photos ready. You can come for coffee and pick them up anytime before 3. 
D
Sarah checked her watch, then responded:
Great. I’ll come by around one.

After this, Sarah continued her grocery shopping, her mind now circling around something she had tried not to think about too much until now. With Joe having just confirmed that he was definitely coming, she would have to finally tell D…
At the Airport
Joe reached the airport after a forty-minute drive. He took his suitcase, the suit bag and the laptop out of the trunk and headed for the terminal.
It was only noon and he still had two hours to kill. 
He bought a sandwich and something to drink and then sat down at a gate that didn’t have any flights scheduled anytime soon and was therefore deserted. He was just going to sit here, eat his sandwich and watch the crowds hurrying by until he had to move to his designated gate.
If things had gone as planned, he wouldn’t only be flying out tomorrow instead of today, but he would also be travelling with Eric, Steve’s geeky assistant. Things had absolutely not gone as planned, however.
Eric had been supposed to become his backup regarding, the Dutch company, SCANY, that Joe was about to visit. SCANY wasn’t only their most important customer/business partner but had also been the very first… Joe still remembered how, at a time when the Homepage of their new software company had still been running a little bumpily, the company name – which they had decided would be Reilley&Davis – hadn’t yet been properly registered and the e-mail account was barely set up, they had received an inquiry from the Netherlands. It had been from a Jan van de Velde, who wrote that he had just come across their website and was wondering if they might be able to come up with a tailor-made filing and documentation software solution for his company. Steve had gotten in touch with Jan and asked for the specific requirements, which Jan had consequently sent them, summarized on six pages. 
Joe and Steve had spent the next two days and parts of the nights feverishly trying to figure out if – and how – they could do it. They had been so excited. And they had come up with a draft solution that Jan had been enthusiastic about. Also, Jan had said that none of the other companies he had talked to previously had been willing to agree to the requirement that someone at SCANY’s IT department would be trained in the new program well enough to do the basic troubleshooting and support in-house. To Steve and Joe that hadn’t been a problem but rather a relief as, at the time, R&D had consisted only of the two of them and a part-time assistant. Not being expected to provide all the support themselves had been an advantage. 
They had closed the deal with SCANY and made more money on it than Steve and he had thought realistic. Jan had consequently played a big part in R&D’s taking off as quickly and successfully as it did. Jan had a lot of business partners that he recommended R&D to, and many of them had become happy R&D customers as well. 
By now R&D, had grown from three people in a tiny office to 10 people occupying the entire first floor of a new office building that Steve’s Dad had built.
Eighteen months ago, R&D and SCANY had entered into a cooperation that would let SCANY represent R&D’s products and even do some of the servicing, mainly in Belgium, Netherlands and Scandinavian countries. Clearly a win-win situation. But then, six months into it, Steve and Jan had had a falling out over what had later turned out to be a misunderstanding about a commission payment. Steve had said some things that had pissed Jan off and resulted in Jan’s refusal to deal directly with Steve from then on. Over the past five months Joe had therefore handled any communication with SCANY exclusively and also gone to Amsterdam twice, while Steve had stayed in the background and tried to prepare his assistance, Eric to take over as a backup for Joe when it came to dealing with SCANY.
For this business trip Eric had been supposed to come along, so he could see SCANY’s facility in Amsterdam and meet the key people there. 
But then something had happened that had made Joe realize that he couldn’t travel with Eric under any circumstances.
He had first noticed Eric acting kind of weird around him two months ago. Then, one evening about three weeks ago, he had been in the office later than normally and Eric had dropped in. He had looked very pale and seemed unusually nervous. He stood in front of Joe’s desk and asked if they could talk. Joe had offered him a chair and Eric had sat down, saying that there was something he just needed to get off his chest, even if it meant he’d get fired as a consequence. At hearing this, Joe expected to hear of possible offenses like embezzlement or Eric selling company secrets. And while he was still considering how to react to something like that, Eric started talking about his recent visit to an art gallery – specifically, to the opening night of an exhibition by his favorite contemporary sculptor. Avoiding eye contact, Eric reported that he’d run into Liz there. This made Joe realize that they must be talking about the gallery Liz was working for – the gallery where her job actually was to make arrangements for the paintings, sculptures and whatever else to be insured, properly wrapped, loaded, shipped and finally set up in the gallery. Sometimes she also planned the VIP opening receptions. Personally attending those VIP events wasn’t part of her job, but she loved to do it nevertheless.
Eric had immediately recognized her, of course. And he’d been surprised that she remembered him, even though she had never spoken to him when she had dropped by R&D to see Joe or her brother.
Joe could just picture it: low-cut dress, dangerously high heels, lots of make-up, some alcohol, sweetest voice…
Eric continued his account: Liz had been so nice as to introduce him to the artist – the contemporary sculptor working with bronze. 
Joe had forgotten the artist’s name the moment it was mentioned. He didn’t know that guy and he really didn’t care about these unimportant details when, by now, it was crystal-clear to him where this story might be heading. Eric could as well just get to the point.
Still, Eric kept on babbling about the magnificent pieces of art the gallery had on display that night. In the course of the evening, he had had a bit much of the complimentary sparkling wine, though. But it had been such a great event…
Finally, Eric started talking about the time when he had been about to leave the gallery. It had been late, most people had left by then, he had gotten his coat and suddenly run into Liz again. She was leaving as well and suggested they share a taxi. Supposedly she was a bit scared all alone at this time of night and since they only lived a few blocks apart…
Eric had been surprised and – so Joe suspected – immensely flattered, that she knew where he lived – and that she apparently viewed him as prime protector material from whatever she was scared of.
Joe had to keep himself from scoffing and rolling his eyes at so much naiveté. But who could blame Eric? He just lacked the extensive experience one gathered when living with Liz for a period of time - experience that Joe had and that made it possible for him now to imagine even the things Eric hadn’t mentioned yet or was for sure going to leave out: Liz all tipsy and giggly from the drinks she had undoubtedly had, merely stumbling to the taxi, dropping in the backseat close to Eric. Her pushed-up breasts barely contained in the low-cut dress; the freshly painted lips smiling while she leaned closer and told him some anecdotes from the art gallery.  Sometime during that drive she had probably suggested that Eric get out with her and come upstairs for a quick drink – just to make sure there were no predators looming in the hallways of the four-story building. After all there was two or three creepy neighbors who were always giving her that look. (Who wouldn’t when she was dressed like that?)
 Once in the flat, the strap of her dress would slip down her shoulder as she served the drinks. Then she’d confide in Eric that, with her partner being gone so much, she was sometimes really lonely and unhappy. Finally, she would apply one of those highly seductive kisses that were lethal to the untrained victim… 
And while Joe was already wracking his brain if geeky Eric had actually had the guts to sleep with her and, if so, where and how, Eric was still lagging way behind with his report, talking about the taxi ride and how she had leaned closer than he had felt comfortable with. But, well, he didn’t want to offend her. And then… – ahem… she had kind of persuaded him to come upstairs with her… His voice suddenly started cracking, and with his eyes firmly on the desktop between them, Eric insisted that he didn’t know how it had happened but that he had had way too much to drink… She must have gotten him in a really weak moment, because otherwise he would have never… Well, but then she had started kissing him and – yeah…– well…– you know… Shit! – I’m sooo sorry…
Digging his fingers into the armrests of his chair, Joe tried to keep a straight face, when, at the same time, he was actually torn apart between getting up and breaking Eric’s nose and just bursting out in crazy laughter. Not because it was funny. It really wasn’t. It was anything but funny. But he knew that kind of kiss, didn’t he? A kiss that could literally wipe your mind clean of any good judgment. A kiss that assured you that she was fine with anything you could possibly dream up. It had worked on him, hadn’t it? Three years ago? Not at the very first attempt, but eventually it had worked just fine, even on him.
Across the desk, Eric had fallen silent. Obviously he was unable or unwilling to put the rest of the story into clear words or full sentences. He was sitting there, hanging his head and obviously waiting for Joe to explode. Fire him. Kick him out of the office and end his misery. But Joe, not even sure what was driving him, felt this sick need to find out more; to make absolutely sure he didn’t read anything wrong into this. He cleared his throat and looked right at Eric. “Okay, Eric…” Even to himself he sounded ghastly unemotional, almost a little bored. “If I’m reading this right, you’re telling me that you screwed my girlfriend. Right?”
Eric’s eyes darted up and then quickly away again. Face beet-red, he was scrambling for words. Maybe he would have preferred being fired and kicked out, to having Joe phrase his offense so bluntly.
“So, where exactly did this happen?” Joe inquired. “In our bed?”
Eric’s eyes widened at the question. Then he gave a short shake of his head, which could either represent a negative response or just a sign of disbelief at the question itself. Joe wasn’t sure.
“Where?” Joe leaned forward on the desk. “In our bed? On the kitchen table? On the washing machine? The sofa? So many possibilities…” He chuckled darkly.
Eric stared back at him like he doubted Joe’s mental state.
Furious at the cowardice, Joe slammed his hands on the desk and then pushed himself away from it on the rolling chair, almost running into the file cabinet behind him in the process. “I asked you a question! Even multiple choice…” he barked, “Just pick one, because I want you to fucking answer me! Where?” Finally he was finding words and a tone that seemed to fit the situation…
Eric had closed his eyes for an instant and shaken his head some more. But then he cleared his throat and choked out an answer: “Sofa.”
Drawing in a deep breath, Joe glared at him for a moment. Then he exhaled sharply. Okay. Now he knew. Not that it really mattered. Maybe, if Liz hadn’t a few months prior to this, revealed to him that she had slept with Bob, her boss’s husband, Eric’s account would have shocked him. But with the Bob story and also some indications that she had something going on with the dorky neighbor upstairs as well, it did not. Not really. Not anymore. After all, there was also a body-builder delivery guy from the gallery that he suspected she’d messed around with. Maybe even with some of the artists. Who knew? From the way it looked, she wasn’t really picky…
Joe scratched his head and tried to decide how to proceed with Eric. A sick part of him would have just loved to continue the cross examination and find out even more. Such as the exact position. He was just burning to know if Liz had chosen the more conservative route or the really wild ride with this particular victim. One look at Eric made it seem unlikely, though, that he was going to give that kind of information unless physically tortured. Plus, if Joe was honest to himself, he wasn’t entirely sure he was withdrawn enough to be able to handle an honest answer. “Did you stay overnight?” he had asked instead. He needed to know that, at least.
Eric stared at him wide-eyed. He looked as if he were in pain. (Even without actual torture!)
“I mean, it’s a comfortable sofa…” Joe mocked.
“I was drunk,” Eric mumbled evasively.
“Right. So, I guess that means you fell asleep right afterwards and stayed…”
Looking away, Eric nodded. He seemed to have shrunk over the course of this bizarre conversation. It made Joe realize that Eric probably felt like the mouse that was being teased by the evil cat. Which was ironic, because if there was an evil cat in all this, it was probably Liz, wasn’t it? Only that, if Liz was the cat and Eric was the mouse, Joe wasn’t quite sure what that made him. He absolutely refused to see himself as another mouse she thought she could play with. He’d actually prefer the role of a big, dark dog that chased the cat and the mice…
“I’m really sorry,” Eric muttered, his gaze down on his lap. “I know I totally screwed up… I’ve never screwed up like that in my life. Still can’t believe I did that. It’s been haunting me… And I didn’t want you to find out from anyone else.”
“Yeah, well, thanks for that,” Joe said dryly, unable to see great advantages of finding out this way. But all in all, it didn’t matter anyway. After Bob and the neighbor and whoever else there was.
“I understand if you want to fire me,” Eric said. “You can tell Steve tomorrow…”
Joe coughed out a bitter, little laugh. “Like, Oh, good morning Steve! By the way, I fired your assistant because he screwed my girlfriend and your sister… Like that?”
His expression frozen, Eric shrugged.
Joe watched him for a moment, trying to figure out what to do. This was just the weirdest situation.
“Okay Eric,” he finally said, “As sick as I find this, I don’t see much benefit in firing you. You’re good at what you do, workwise I mean…” He had to keep his thoughts from wandering off and imagining Liz and Eric, naked and entangled in some twisted Kamasutra position, and Eric being good at that. “You’re Steve’s assistant, not mine. And as far as I’m concerned, Steve doesn’t really need to know about this.”
Eric gave him an almost incredulous look.
“Don’t get me wrong,” Joe growled, “I do find this disgusting. But you’re not exactly Liz’s first – how shall I say? - adventure… It might come as a disappointment to you, but it’s not that you’re so extremely hot, Eric, but just that she’s such a –“ He dismissively shook his head. “Never mind!”
Eric stared back at him blankly.
“But even though I want you to stay on,” Joe continued, “I don’t want to have anything to do with you in the near future. Okay? And l definitely don’t want to go on a trip with you. Understood? So, try to stay out of my way and come up with some excuse why you can’t fly to Amsterdam with me.”
Eric had nodded, his expression reflecting both confusion and relief about this arrangement. “Thanks…” A little shakily he had gotten up and left.
Joe hadn’t gone home that evening, but spent the night on the pull-out sofa in the office. The next morning he had sent Liz a text message.
Just in case you’re wondering. Didn’t feel like leaving the office after Eric dropped by last night and told me about you f*** him. Your brother’s assistant, your boss’s husband… Great choices, really!
 She had called him back right away but he hadn’t picked up. 
Then he had received a text message. 
Jealous, Honey? Well, I guess I was lonely that night. Blame yourself! Eric’s pretty good, by the way…
And he had sent her back,
 You’re just sick…!

The loudspeaker calling some passengers for the final boarding of a flight to Oslo jerked Joe out of his unpleasant memories. 
Looking at his watch, he realized that the boarding of his own flight was going to start soon. 
He grabbed his stuff and made his way to the crowded gate for Amsterdam. 
It would be a short flight.
Guess Who’s Coming
“Hi, Sarah!” With a big smile D held the door open and let Sarah in. “We can have coffee on the terrace, if you want...” She nodded towards the garden furniture outside the big living room window. “The sun is shining, the birds are singing and surprisingly no one has started a lawn mower yet.” She laughed.
“Sounds good!” Sarah followed her friend through the small entryway into the living room and over to the kitchen.
“I put your pictures on a USB stick,” D said and pointed to the old laptop that was still humming on the dining table.  “The folder’s still open, if you want to check it out. I’ll make coffee in the meantime.”
“Yeah. Sure…” Sarah placed her purse on one of the bar stools and then pulled out a chair from the dining table. She started clicking through the photos D had put together.  She felt really tense. On her way over here she had considered multiple ways of how to best tell D that Joe was coming. She still didn’t have a good plan, though. The subject was just so tricky between them. Maybe it was a good sign that D was still in such a good mood after going through old pictures this morning. But maybe she had made sure she only looked at the right kind of pictures…
The suspicion that D had selectively only looked at pictures from the before-Joe era turned out to be wrong. The photos D had put on the stick were actually really good and from various years. Suddenly Sarah laughed out loud.
“What’s so funny?” D asked from the kitchen.
“Our hair,” Sarah chuckled. “In the Venice pictures. And wow, the ones with the sheep – Jack was so skinny and tall…”
“Well, he’s still tall,” D said, “just not quite as skinny. Looks better now, if you ask me.”
Sarah nodded to herself and clicked further. D must have really made an effort here. There were shots from various events and years. 
As a new picture appeared on screen, Sarah faltered. Raising her eyebrows she took in the image: There was everyone gathered around the headless snowman. Everyone – including Joe… 
Surprised Sarah shot D a quick look and found her rummaging through a cupboard and pulling out a package of cookies. 
Turning back to the screen, Sarah wondered if maybe this photo meant that D wouldn’t take the news so badly after all. This surely was a surprising picture to find in this collection. Maybe there was more? Sarah clicked her way through the rest of the photos, but the snowman photo remained the only one that did have her brother in it.
“Some really good shots!” she told D when she was finished. She ejected the USB stick. “Thanks for digging them out!” 
“Welcome,” D nodded as she poured coffee in two cups.
“What’s that?” Sarah had spotted the blue binder with the swan logo and the images of London. 
“Nothing, really” D said a little too quickly.
Sarah shot her friend another look. 
Countering that look, D shrugged. “Well, just look at it, Sarah. It’s not that exciting.”
“I didn’t know your company had an office in London,” Sarah said as she opened the folder and started browsing through the first few pages.
“They’ve had it for two years,” D told her while putting some cookies on a plate.
“Some job openings in London.” Sarah said. “In export…”
“Yeah, there are three new jobs they’re creating over there.”
Sarah closed the folder and got up from her chair. “Are you thinking about it?” She stepped up to the bar counter. 
“Not really”, D shook her head. “I haven’t even properly looked through the folder yet. June is probably going to transfer to one of those jobs, though.”
“Really?” Sarah knew that June was D’s favorite colleague and the one with whom she shared the office.
“Yeah, she kind of jumped on the opportunity as soon as it came up. Wants to get away. She’s really excited about it. And I get to hear every new detail she finds out about it, whether I want to hear it or not.”
“You’re not even tempted?” Sarah took one of the coffee cups.
“Like I said,” D said, “I haven’t even really looked into it properly.”
“You liked London during the exchange year,” Sarah noted.
“Yeah, sure…” D shrugged. “Still… moving there for work for two years? I don’t know… So far, I haven’t given it much thought. Really. I’ll look at it, though. Even if it’s just to satisfy June, who’s asking me every day almost. And if I suddenly decide to apply, you’ll be the first to know!”
~~~
“Still cleaning out your closets, huh?” On their way outside Sarah stopped and glanced through the open bedroom door at the clothes piles. 
“Almost done,” D said, “Even if it doesn’t look like it. I just need to go to the clothes container sometime.”
“Do I see Pete’s favorite dress in that pile?” Sarah seemed amused.
“Yep. You can have it, if you like. I’ll even throw in some deadly sandals to go with it.” 
Sarah shook her head. “No thanks! But if that’s the curtains from the dorm under that horrible table cloth, I’ll take them.”
“Sure. I can’t use them here because the windows are so large. And I do need to get rid of some stuff…”
D stepped out on the wooden deck, put the plate and her mug down on the round wooden table and opened the umbrella that was attached to the railing. Then she sat down across from Sarah. 
“So, do you still have to work Wednesday evening,” D asked and reached for a cookie, “or were you able to switch with someone?” 
Sarah shook her head. “No. I’ve definitely got to work. One of my colleagues is sick and we’re one person short anyway. There’s no way I could switch with anyone. It really sucks, that I’ll miss the grill party, but at least I’ll have Friday and the whole weekend off for sure. That’s cast in stone.”
“Good. Thank God!” D tried to sound positive. “The main thing is that you can come to the hotel with us on the weekend.”
“Yeah…” Sarah nodded. Her job at the hospital lab had some irregular hours, but she liked it a lot, and the people she worked with were really nice.
Looking at D, who had just leaned back in her chair, legs crossed, Sarah reminded herself that sooner or later she needed to tell D about Joe. She just still didn’t know how to start that conversation. She let her gaze wander to the different plants on the deck and the garden below, most of them blooming nicely – with the exception of one potted bamboo that looked dead. Finally, with an uneasy feeling in her stomach, Sarah forced herself to look at D again.
“What?” D looked right back at her, her eyebrows raised. “You look like something’s bothering you.”
Sarah faltered. Was it that obvious? Well, it was now or never! She would have to drop the bomb sometime.
“Well, ahm…“ Sarah drew in a deep breath, her eyes trailing off towards the tomato bushes on the steps that lead down to the garden. “There’s something I need to tell you...“ She tensely cleared her throat. “I mean – it’s probably not even a big deal, but… ahm… Joe’s coming for the reunion.”
Plop! There it was. Bomb dropped. 
It took a few seconds for the message to sink in. Sarah could see it in D’s expression. For a fraction of a second, there was this deer-in-the-headlights look that was quickly replaced by a controlled mask. “Oh is he?” D said drily and dropped her gaze to the cookie plate. “What a great surprise!” With her thumb she brushed over the rim of the plate.
Sarah tried to remember when she had last mentioned her brother’s name around D. Since the breakup she had avoided it at all cost. The last time she’d mentioned him was when she had told D that he was coming for Dad’s funeral.
“He’s coming Tuesday afternoon,” Sarah specified. This basically meant that while she couldn’t attend the grill party, one member of the Reilley family would be there after all.
D nodded, without looking up. Then she released an audible breath and took a cookie.
“D, listen –” Sarah started.
“It’s fine!” D interrupted her, the cookie still in her hand. “It’s a surprise, of course – and not exactly a good one, if you don’t mind me saying that. But if he wants to come…” Instead of finishing her sentence she shrugged and stuffed the cookie into her mouth.
Sarah took a sip of coffee. Somehow she couldn’t help feeling guilty. “I’ve kind of known for a while that he might come,” she said uncomfortably, “But until he called this morning, I was almost sure, he’d cancel. I didn’t want to upset you…”
D’s eyes narrowed a bit. “Why would I be upset?” She made it sound like the most ludicrous idea. “I’m not upset at all!” She picked up her coffe. “He can do whatever he wants. I don’t care!”
“Right,” Sarah said dryly. “Good for you.”
The sarcastic edge wasn’t lost to D. She gave Sarah a brief, sour look, then quickly raised the cup to her lips. After she had had a few sips, she put the cup down and leaned forward, her elbows resting on the table and her hands wrapped around the cup. A seemingly endless minute passed with neither of them saying a word or allowing eye contact.
Finally D let go of the cup and started stacking the remaining cookies into a little tower. “Is she coming too?” Her eyes remained firmly on the cookie construction.
“No, just Joe,” Sarah said.

Gazing at her cookie tower, D was trying to pull herself together. She just hated how this had thrown her off. It really shouldn’t have such an impact. It shouldn’t have any impact! What was her problem? There had always been the possibility that he’d come, hadn’t there? After all, the goal of a reunion was to get everyone together. Still, since he had so totally dropped out of all of their lives (except for maybe Sarah’s), it had appeared safe to assume that he wasn’t coming for this thing. His attendance had seemed so unlikely that she had just ruled it out. Her mistake! Because, as it turns out, he was coming after all! Voila! Boom! Crap! She better get her act together here very quickly!
She peered across the table at Sarah who was pretending to be fascinated by the appearance of the limp-looking apple tree in the neighbor’s garden. It made D realize that this was a real crappy situation for Sarah too. She was probably totally torn apart between looking forward to seeing her brother again, and feeling bad for her best friend who she knew would rather forget that this brother even existed. D tried to imagine the same constellation with her own brother and Sarah. It would be close to impossible to constantly filter out everything she might have on her mind regarding Robert. And something told her that Sarah probably had quite a few things on her mind regarding her brother. 
”It really isn’t a big deal,” D said as firmly as she could. ”It’s good to know, though, so I can prepare myself for that encounter.” With her hands she indicated quotation marks. “But it’ll be okay. Don’t worry about me!”
Sarah nodded, not seeming totally convinced yet. She took a cookie from the stack.
“The main thing is that I don’t have to see her,” D insisted. “Everything else I can handle – especially in a group setting.”
Sarah nodded again. “Yeah, with all the others there, you should be able to stay out of each other’s way easily.” She took a sip of coffee. A conspiring smile appeared on her face. “And regarding Liz, I am actually really, really glad myself that she isn’t coming. She’s just such a bitch. I actually wonder how well things are still going with them. Guess I’ll find out.” 
Struggling to keep her expression neutral, D gazed towards the garden. She couldn’t blame Sarah for wanting to talk with a friend about things she might be worried or curious about when it came to her brother. In this particular case, however, D didn’t feel as if she could be that friend. Especially since she couldn’t think of any acceptable and civilized response to what Sarah had just said. And a sarcastic ‘They can both rot in hell as far as I’m concerned!‘ would hardly qualify as a constructive comment in the eyes of his sister. 
“Sorry,” Sarah said with an uncomfortable half-smile. “You probably really don’t want to hear my contemplations about this.”
D shrugged. “It’s okay. I just don’t know what to say. I can’t really think of anything halfway nice or constructive…”
The way she said it made Sarah laugh. And at the end, they were both laughing, relieved that this tricky talk was over. Neither of them was willing to worry just yet about what kind of strain Joe’s actually being here might put on their friendship.

Just as they stepped into the living room a few minutes later, D’s phone started to ring from the sofa again. She briefly faltered, but then just kept heading to the kitchen.
“Go ahead and pick up,” Sarah said, “I’m leaving anyway…”
D shook her head. “I can always call back later.”
Sarah scoffed. “So, I guess it’s Pete then?”
“Most likely,” D said drily and opened the dishwasher.
“Has he still not given up?” Sarah inquired darkly.
Shaking her head, D leaned against the countertop. “At this point I’m not sure he will ever give up!”
“God, that stupid idiot!!!”
D blew out an audible breath. “He just drives me insane. And I just hate how guilty he makes me feel!”
“Well, don’t feel guilty then!” Sarah retorted. “There’s nothing to feel guilty about! You’ve been nice and fair. What he’s doing is unfair and manipulative. You need to stop talking to him. Really! It doesn’t help him and it sure isn’t good for you!”
D dropped her gaze to the floor. “I know that,” she said, “ and you know that. Unfortunately it’s a lot easier said than done when obviously, he doesn’t see it that way.” She ran a hand along the countertop. “As you can see, I’m not picking up right now, right? And this is probably already his fourth call today that I haven’t picked up…”
Sarah threw her arms out in frustration and growled.
D let out a bitter, little laugh. Sometimes it was comforting that Sarah found it equally frustrating. Fortunately, when it came to Pete, Sarah and herself could talk freely and bluntly. None of the restrictions and inhibitions that came with conversations about Sarah’s brother applied to their talks about Pete.
“All I can tell you from my experiments with picking up and not picking up,” she told Sarah, “is that not picking up doesn’t help much. He just keeps calling. And when I actually do pick up because I just can’t stand it anymore, we spend the first ten minutes discussing why he can’t reach me and how that makes him feel. Every call I don’t pick up seems to make the ones I actually do take three times as bad. It’s like with a snake that grows more heads each time you cut one off.” With her hands she made some movement that was supposed to indicate the many snake-heads floating around.
“Well, what does he even still want?” Sarah asked with an angry frown.
 D let out an unhappy, little laugh. “Let’s see… He wants to find out if we can meet, or if he can come by and we can go out to eat together, for example. He wants to hear me defend for the hundredth time why I ended our great relationship; he questions if I even know what would make me happy; he insists that we really need to give it another try. He even thinks we should still go on vacation together since we’re both alone. And when it’s not about any of these topics, he bitches about his work…”
Sarah rolled her eyes and huffed out an angry breath.
“Well, and the newest thing…” D said before Sarah could articulate her doubtlessly many thoughts on the bleak summary. “The newest thing is… It’s all about us staying friends.” She managed to pronounce friends like something offensive, and the quotation marks she indicated with her fingers, added an additionally suspicious touch. “So, that’s where we are right now. Staying friends and the terms and expectations for that. Unless I change my mind to get back together.”
“Which you won’t, hopefully.” Sarah irritably shook her head. “Anyway, now it’s about being friends, huh?”
“Yeah.” D smiled an acidic smile. “Of course, I’m even a big disappointment in that department!”
Sarah hit her forehead with her flat hand. “Oh God, that idiot! He doesn’t just want to be friends. That’s total bullshit and it never works.”
“Yeah, but it’s kind of hard to flat-out tell him that I don’t even want to be friends with him at this point. Especially since the ‘friend thing’ was one of my great lines when I broke up – that I value him as a person and I would like to keep him as a friend…” She let out a bitter laugh. “See, how these things come back to haunt me?!?”
“Yeah, but he just twists things the way he needs them. I can just see it. It probably goes like this: Oh, Danielle, all I want is your friendship, and as friends we need to talk on the phone three times a week, meet regularly, share all our secrets…”
“Yeah…” D shrugged and stared at the floor.
“He doesn’t seriously still want to go on vacation with you, though, right?”
“He did until last week,” D said. “He still hadn’t cancelled the trip to Spain.”
Sarah coughed. “And how exactly does he think that would work? You and him happily sharing a hotel bed, or what? Next he’d probably suggest that  - ” Sarah broke off and hesitated for a moment, but then she said it anyway: “Oh Danielle, since we’re both single and lonely now, it’s really no big deal to have some sex – amongst friends, you know …”
D’s expression had turned hard. “Thanks a lot, Sarah, for this very valuable contribution!”
“Sorry!” Sarah grimaced guiltily. “Maybe I did get a little carried away.” Deep down she feared that she might have just hit the nail right on the head. It was just so like Pete… “In any event,” she added, “I really think he’s manipulating you.”
D shrugged. “I’m doing my best not to be manipulated, Sarah, but sometimes it’s kind of tough to be so rude and cruel. Anyway, unless you’ve got an ingenious new approach…”
Sarah had picked up the USB stick from the counter and was playing with it. She wished D would just recklessly cut Pete off once and for all. D wasn’t normally weak or easily manipulated or undecided. But Pete obviously knew exactly which buttons to push to drag this on and on and on.
“Maybe you should just tell him that you’ve suddenly fallen madly in love with someone else and vice versa,” Sarah suggested. “Then you might even get out of the friendship thing. After all, there might be a big, strong guy having a jealous eye on you…”
D couldn’t help laughing. “Yeah right…” Her gaze shifted to the blue folder with the swan logo on the dining table. “Or maybe I’ll just leave the country. That might solve the problem too!”  She made it sound like a joke. But Sarah wasn’t sure it really was one.
Reaching Amsterdam
It was early afternoon when Joe dropped onto the big hotel bed, arms stretched to the side. Peace and quiet! He had two hours before he was supposed to meet Peer and Christine for dinner. 
He had made it a habit to get together with them whenever he was in Amsterdam. He knew Peer from the first year at university, when Peer had been a Dutch exchange student and they had briefly shared a flat in Vienna. 
Seeing Peer and Christine was always good. They were a nice, fun and obviously happy couple that always had enough to talk about and didn’t mind if he was very quiet at times. The things he had been spending most of his time with lately – such as fighting with Liz, working way too much and taking off on any possible business trip – just didn’t really make for great dinner conversation. Thankfully, Peer and Christine just told him about what was going on in their lives and didn’t really press him on his.
Stretched out on the hotel bed, Joe now put his bent left arm under his head and his braced right hand on his stomach. The pain in the broken fingers was almost gone now. He wouldn’t need to try the pills after all.
Staring up at the unusual light fixture on the ceiling, he zoned out. It was such a weird feeling to know that he wouldn’t return to the flat in Munich. The breakup with Liz had been long overdue, of course. But it was still strange.
Over the last year and a half, or even earlier than that, things with Liz seemed to have slowly spun totally out of control. It had gone from bad to worse. Now that he thought about it, he wasn’t sure when it had ever been really good…
The downward spiral had started with Liz taking the job at the art gallery and getting more and more involved in the evening program even though that wasn’t part of her job. She would spend hours getting ready for those events. Sometimes it had literally made his jaw drop when, on her way out, she had blown him a kiss and he’d once again thought to himself that she really looked like a wannabe Hollywood star heading for the red carpet.
She had dragged him to two of these VIP things right after she had started working there. She had really wanted him to come along. To experience what she thought was just sooo great and exciting.
He had joined her not knowing what he was stumbling into. 
It really was a world of its own! The art, that he had a hard time identifying as such; all the people pretending to know just what the artist had meant to express with the distorted piece of metal or the smeared mess of paint on the canvas; and finally the artists themselves, oh, my…
It had been somewhat fascinating to watch, though – from one of these stylish and surprisingly comfortable chairs in the back corner.
After the first such evening he had refused to go again. Because it just didn’t do anything for him. 
But then Liz had tormented him until he agreed to try it just one more time. Because this time was going to be different, and because she really wanted to finally introduce him to her boss.
So he had agreed… He had headed there right after work, running a little late, feeling hungry and stressed out. And he had found himself surrounded by the same crazy theatrical crowd as the previous time, with Liz fitting in just perfectly. He still remembered her coming towards him in that extremely tight glittering dress and on her high heels that made her almost taller than him. She had given him a kiss on the cheek and stopped a passing waiter to get a glass of wine for herself and one for him. Then she had lead him across the room through all the people and presented him to Linda, her boss. Linda had turned out to be a nice and – considering the environment – relatively normal woman in her early forties. Her husband, Bob, had been there as well. He seemed a bit older, maybe forty-five, thinning hair, very tall, rough features, piercing light-green eyes, but a friendly smile. Joe had shaken his hand (a big hand!) and made some small talk. Little did he know that ten months later those hands would be all over Liz.
Joe remembered searching for food after meeting Linda and Bob.
His stomach had been growling and he had lost Liz in the crowd to someone she absolutely needed to talk to. He had found the buffet and retreated to his favorite fancy chair in the second exhibition room with a bunch of hors d’oeuvres on a plate. Munching on the tiny culinary creations, he had let his gaze wander across the room over all the strange people and the weird art. Finally his eyes had come to rest on the life-size bronze mermaid that was hovering right next to his chair. She had some truly mesmerizing, perfectly shaped breasts… 
At some point he must have nodded off. He remembered being woken up by Liz kicking his leg with her pointy shoe, hissing something unfriendly. He had quickly straightened up and lifted his head from the mermaid’s chest that it had tipped against during his little nap. Liz had been fuming at him for his obvious lack of interest in art and his horrible manners. And he had groggily gazed back at her, rubbing the right side of his face and distracted by his seriously aching cheekbone that had obviously been resting against the mermaid’s prominent bronze nipple a little too long. He had never been invited to the art gallery again.
Liz went every time, though. And a lot of times she had way too much to drink there. She had always been somewhat irrational, short-tempered or plain bitchy but the alcohol magnified that to an unbearable extent. He had tried to talk to her about it a few times, but it had only lead to her screaming at him and totally freaking out.
He had started being gone a lot. On business trips. Intentionally. Because he simply couldn’t stand being around her. But at the same time he hadn’t been ready yet to just call it quits. Not because he had been so attached to her, but because breaking up had seemed like such a logistical mess, with their living together and his owning a company with Steve. Plus, he had still been extremely reluctant at the time to admit to the world (and especially Sarah) that he should have never gotten involved with Liz in the first place.
Then, about a year ago, he had found the pills. It had been after an especially crazy night. She had come home drunk, they had had a fight, he had made his bed on the sofa and at three in the morning she had suddenly appeared in the living room and snuck under his blanket, pushing all possible buttons and begging him to be good again. They had ended up having some very ill-advised sex. He had gotten up in the morning, mad at himself. And while Liz had still been asleep, he had followed a sudden intuition, gone through her stuff in the bathroom and found the three different packages of pills, tucked under a shower cap she never used. The first package contained painkillers, the second sleeping pills and the third some stuff that could keep you awake for days. He had tried to talk to her about it – probably the last time he had ever attempted to have a reasonable conversation with her. But it had just turned into another gruesome scene.
There was no doubt in his mind that she had an addiction problem. Alcohol, pills – and the sex thing was possibly another facet of it. Sometimes he wondered how much his being gone so much had to do with all this. 
It really was a chicken-egg problem: Was the mess caused by his being gone so much or was he gone so much because it was unbearable to be around Liz. He liked to think it was the latter. In fact, he was convinced it was the latter.
He would never forget when, half a year ago, during another fight, she had suddenly triumphantly revealed to him that during his last business trip she had slept with Bob, Linda’s husband. Despite his already progressed emotional detachment at the time, the news had still felt like a kick to the stomach. Part of it had probably been male pride, but there had also been utter shock that, to Liz, it didn’t even seem to matter that she wasn’t only hurting him but also Linda.
Hurting him was intended, of course. And she had justified it the same way she justified the thing with Eric a few months later: A pay-back. A pay-back for all the affairs he was surely having during all his business trips.
The funny thing was, of course, that during all the time he had been with her – three years in total – he had really only had one little fling on the side. There had been this girl in Stockholm. Annika. And that had been after Liz had served the Bob-affair to him. He had liked Annika. And she had definitely been crazy about him. But somehow, with the Liz problem still unsolved and Stockholm being a plane-ride away, he hadn’t let it progress very far. He had cut it off before it could turn into anything serious. He had just felt like he couldn’t keep it up. Or maybe he had been scared. Because after how that thing with Liz had turned out… That, in fact, might be a deterrent to get into a serious relationship again anytime soon!
He had almost nodded off when his mobile phone started to ring.
It was Christine. He groggily sat up.
“Hi, Christine!”
“Hi… How are you?” She sounded weird.
“Fine… Are you okay?”
She didn’t answer right away. “Not really…,” she finally admitted. “Listen… ahm… I know we were supposed to meet this evening, but… there’s been a change of plans. Or circumstances...” She seemed to be trying to find the right words. “It would only be you and me… Peer is… He’s gone. We split up.”
“What? When?”
“A week ago.” Christine sounded like she was on the verge of tears. “It’s a longer story.”
Joe scratched his head. “Guess it always is.”
“Do you – ahm – do you still want to meet… – even if it’s only me?” 
“Yeah. Sure. If you feel like it.”
“I think I actually need to get out,” she said with a nervous laugh. “Otherwise I’ll go crazy here.”
Saturday Evening Dinners
After Sarah had left, D felt as if a steamroller had flattened her.
She had really had enough on her plate already with Pete clinging to her like an octopus. That by itself was enough to keep her awake at night. Having Joe thrown in there now as well, was a bit much. 
Contrary to what she had told Sarah earlier, the news had come as a real blow. She was only starting to feel the effect now. It just made her dizzy to think that there was no way to avoid seeing him. Unless, of course, she stayed away from both the grill party and the weekend at the hotel – both things she had been looking forward to for a long time. Until half an hour ago, to be precise. 
And now he ruined it all. 
She didn’t want to see him.
Plain and simple!
Lost in thought she walked out to the deck, closed the umbrella and checked the moisture on the tomatoes. Then she went back inside and packed a few things in a small travel bag. She was going to stay with her parents overnight.

Once on the road she called Robert to tell him that she was on her way. 
The second she hung up, her mind immediately darted back to what she actually didn’t really want to think about...
Over the last three years she had seen Joe exactly once – a little over a year ago at his father’s funeral. 
“I’m so sorry for your loss.” She had already said the same thing three times – to his Mom, Sarah and his Grandma – so it came out easily even when she was finally standing in front of him. She had held out her hand and forced herself to look up at him. He looked nothing like she remembered. His hair was cropped really short and it seemed as if he were growing some kind of beard… In a way she was relieved that he looked like a stranger.
There had been a short, awkward handshake. His eyes briefly meeting hers. Unfortunately he still had the same grey-green eyes.
And the same voice. 
“Thanks, Danny.”
Hearing him still calling her Danny had momentarily made her feel like someone had knocked the air out of her.
It had taken her a few days to fully digest the encounter at the cemetery. 
Her mind had gone through the few seconds over and over again and, for a few crazy moments, she had regretted that there hadn’t been a chance to talk. Or spend a little time together. 
Eventually this feeling had subsided, though.

~~~

The weather in Amsterdam had cleared up and the ten minute walk to the restaurant felt good. Joe had just turned into the street where the restaurant was, when he heard a bike bell right behind him. It was Christine.
“I thought that was you!” A bit out of breath she jumped off the bike and let him kiss her on the cheek. Then she gave him an interested look. “You gave up the real short haircut, huh?” She seemed pleased. “Last time I saw you, it was this short…” Between her thumb and index finger she indicated a few millimeters. “And I think there was a beard as well.”
Joe laughed. “Yeah, that look was just a lost bet kind of thing. I didn’t end up liking it very much.” 
The truth was that he had done both the haircut and the beard only to piss off Liz.
As they walked the rest of the way together, with her pushing her bike, Joe couldn’t help feeling relieved that she was in an unexpectedly cheerful, not a suicidal mood.

In the restaurant they were seated in a secluded dimly-lit area with a candle on the table.
“I guess we’re giving the wrong impression here,” Christine joked once the waitress had disappeared.
“Seems like it…” At the two neighboring tables couples were holding hands and giving each other dreamy-eyed looks. Naïve idealists…
“Hey, what happened to your hand?” Christine frowned, her gaze on the brace around his right hand.
“Stupid accident,” Joe shrugged. “Broke some fingers…”
”Ouch… that must have hurt!” Christine cringed at the mere thought. “But no, don’t tell me the details, thank you…”
“Oh, why not?” He couldn’t help laughing at her horrified face.
“Because it would spoil my appetite. Because it might make me faint. Because it could make me throw up…”
“No, we don’t want that!” He grinned.
“Sucks that it’s the right hand…” she said.
“Yeah, that’s the worst part, actually. And I’m not all that great with my left hand yet. But as long as I can still use the thumb and the index finger…” For demonstration he raised his hand and tipped the fingertips of the two intact fingers together right in front of her nose. “And the small finger, of course…” He stuck it out and made a stuck-up face with it. Christine laughed and opened her menu.
When the waitress came back, Joe ordered steak and fries, and Christine a soup and something French that he didn’t know.
“You have to have some beer, too,” she told him. “You never drink our beer when you’re here, but you should. We’re in Holland!”
“Okay, I’ll have a beer this time.”
As he watched the waitress stroll off, he tried to remember when he had last had any alcohol. He had kind of stayed away from it since things with Liz had started to get so crazy. It had seemed crucial that at least one of them keep a clear head and some sort of control. But since that was over now, he may as well have a beer or two. He didn’t even have to drive afterwards.
Christine’s soup came right away.
“This is the first time in more than a week that I’m actually a bit hungry,” she admitted as she dipped her spoon in. “Might be your influence.”
“Oh, sure!” He laughed. ”I’m famous for my appetite-enhancing effect on other people.”
Chuckling, Christine dropped her gaze to her soup. 
She looked paler and skinnier than he remembered. Her eyes were a bit swollen, but she definitely had an appetite and wasn’t drowning in tears and grief at the moment. He wasn’t sure how well he would have dealt with that. He would have managed, of course, because she was a friend, but it would have been exhausting.
“Okay, we’ve talked about my broken fingers now,” he said and took a quick swig from his beer. “What about your broken heart? Or did you break his?”
She blinked at the unusual introduction but seemed okay with it.
“No…” she slowly said while stirring around in her soup. “He broke mine.” She ate a spoonful, before she continued. ”It’s a bit complicated. Because actually–” Suddenly her voice failed her and she turned away, blinking frantically to chase away tears. 
“Sorry!” She wiped the corner of her eye with her bent index finger and took a deep breath. “Sometimes it still just… Well, it kind of comes in waves.” She turned to look at him again and a faint apologetic smile appeared on her face. “Sorry about that!”
“No problem!” Joe smiled. “We don’t even have to talk about it if it…”
“No, it’s fine. We can talk about it!” She paused for a moment, then she said, “He’s in love with someone else.”
Joe was still trying to come up with an appropriate reaction to what he had just heard, when she added: “And it’s a guy from his work…”
Joe’s eyes widened.
She must have known she would get this kind of reaction. “Yeah, it’s not a tall blonde with big boobs!” She laughed, only to suddenly fall silent again as it must have dawned on her that this description perfectly fit Liz. 
Joe only realized it when he saw her embarrassed expression.
“Sorry,” she muttered, “I really didn’t mean to…”
He couldn’t help laughing. “Don’t worry about it! I don’t know anyone that looks like that…”
There was a moment of silence and a weak somewhat grateful smile, before Christine returned to the initial subject: “He’s been spending a lot of time with this guy. At work and also afterwards. If it had been a woman, I would have probably been suspicious, but this way…” She paused for a moment. “I was just kind of annoyed that he was gone so much, even during weekends, supposedly finishing work projects.” There was a bitter, little laugh. “Not in my wildest dreams would I have thought of that, though!” 
She had finished her soup and put the spoon aside. “I didn’t like that guy at all,” she continued. “Right from the start. I met him a few times. And I normally don’t have strong feelings about Peer’s male colleagues. But this one… Grrr… I didn’t like him one bit and he didn’t like me. He was good-looking but…” She exhaled audibly. “Well, to make it short, it seems like this guy is Peer’s love of his life now, so…I better deal with it.” The last words came out choked and there were tears in her eyes again. She was struggling to hold them back.
“Crap.” Giving her a concerned look, Joe blew out a breath. “I’m so sorry!” He wasn’t sure what to say. “I guess it doesn’t matter if it’s a tall blonde girl or a short bald guy, huh? Hurts either way…”
“Yeah…” With a weak smile she nodded. “Hurts either way.”
The waitress came with the main course and took the soup bowl away.
Surprisingly, Christine hadn’t lost her appetite over the unhappy conversation. Joe was amazed at how she was digging into the mashed potatoes and the duck she had ordered. He glanced at his own steak and the French fries and realized that he didn’t feel like eating much himself. That wasn’t like him at all but, given the circumstances, it could be explained.
“The fact that it’s a guy just makes it harder to understand, I think,” Christine contemplated, her eyes on her food. “I try to tell myself, though, that if he’s really into men, I couldn’t have made it right, no matter what. And even if I miraculously happened to turn into a man overnight, I might not be his type…”
Joe nodded with a smile. “Yeah, there’s always that risk, isn’t there?”
“But you know what really bothers me most?” Christine shot a quick look up at him. “I keep asking myself… and actually some of my friends have asked me this too: did I never notice anything? During all that time… Did I never even suspect that he was gay?”
Joe decided not to comment on that. Picking up one of the French fries with his fingers, he thought of the time when he had first met Peer. Had he ever noticed anything? He actually had. At the very beginning. There had been a few things that Peer had done or said that had at least made him wonder. But then Peer had always been surrounded by plenty of girls. He had constantly had a girlfriend, sometimes even more than one. And then, half a year after his return to the Netherlands Peer had met Christine. And they had lived happily ever after until obviously a week ago…
“I did–” Christine interrupted his thoughts. “I did notice some things, but I really didn’t think about them much. Only in the light of what I know now, those things do kind of stick out.” She shot Joe a quick glance. ”Don’t worry,” she hurried to say, “I’m not planning to go into any more detail here. I’m just saying…” Her voice was failing again. “Man, I was such an–” She was fighting tears again. “Sorry!”
Joe gave her an encouraging smile. “Don’t be sorry! A few waves like this are perfectly justified!”
“I can’t help it anyway,” she said with a helpless shrug. “It’s just  hard to accept that I spent almost five years and invested all these feelings in something that was probably wrong right from the start.”
“Maybe it wasn’t,” he said. “It’s hard to imagine that he could have just been pretending all that time.”
“Well, maybe not. He says he didn’t know it himself until a few months ago.” She paused and put down her knife and fork, her food almost finished. “I’m not sure if he’s being honest or just lying to make me feel better, but I guess it doesn’t make a difference anymore. It’s what it is and I can’t change it.”
Joe nodded at the wise approach, not sure what he could possibly add to that.
“I don’t want to be friends with him, though,” she said firmly. ”I couldn’t take that. It would just hurt. Because, as crazy as it may sound, I still miss him. Or maybe I just miss the routines we had…” She managed a weak smile. “I’m making progress, though. It’s getting better… Especially since it dawned on me that maybe I haven’t been all that happy with him anyway. I thought I was, but now I think I may have just been content and not happy.”
Joe gave her a surprised look. “I guess there’s a difference, huh?” He said it more to himself than to her. So, where exactly was the line between being content and being happy?
“I would have never thought of leaving him, though,” Christine said. “Being content that we mix up with being happy is still a lot better than the unknown, I guess.” She bit down on her lip and looked at him, obviously not sure how he would deal with so much personal information.
“That sounds pretty poetic.”
“I wouldn’t call it poetic, but thanks! Like I said, I’m making progress...”
“You’ve got to give it some time,” Joe said. The thought of patting her hand crossed his mind, but he resisted.
“Are you still in the flat?” he asked instead.
“I thought about moving out. Everyone around me seems to think I need to. But I realized this morning that I don’t want to move. Not just because it’s so much work, but also because I like the place. Sure, I’ll change some things and he still has to pick up his stuff – I’m not looking forward to that, but I think I’m going to stay there.” 

~~~
It was Mom’s 58th birthday.
Robert and his girlfriend, Ann, had arranged for a little party with friends and relatives. Robert loved to prepare big fancy meals from his many recipe books. So, any birthday or anniversary was a good test field for him. And his test results always got a lot of applause.
This dinner turned out to be no exception. Everyone was completely satisfied and well-fed after the main course, a roast with so many side dishes that the plates had been barely big enough to hold everything. It had been delicious. Not even Robert had found anything wrong with his work this time.
As D folded her napkin, she realized that she had eaten way too much. She felt really tired and paralyzed right now, and trying to follow one of the many conversations that were going on around her, was making her even more tired. Aunt Sauvie was talking about her son’s new car, Mom’s friends were explaining to Dad how to best prune some exotic-sounding plant and Mom was assuring the neighbors that feeding their birds during their trip to Costa Rica was no problem at all.
D’s eyes met Robert’s and she hoped he would get the hint. 
He did.
“I think we’ll clear off some dishes,” he said in a tone that wouldn’t allow any contradiction. “We’ll need to run the dishwasher more than once, anyway. So we better get the first round started! And then we’ll be back with dessert.”
“Right,” Ann got up beside him and began collecting some of the plates.
D rose from her chair as well. “I’ll help you!”

In the kitchen Robert opened the dishwasher and positioned himself right in front of it as if he were defending the goal in a soccer match.
“I’ll load it,” he informed them.
D and Ann looked at each other with a shrug and a conspiring smile.
“Sure. After all, you’re the only one who knows how to do it,” D teased. “But there are worse things than a guy who insists on doing kitchen work!” 
She took the garbage can out from under the sink and started wiping the plates one by one with the napkins that were lying on them. The dirty napkins she dumped into the garbage can, the wiped plates she stacked on the kitchen table so Robert could take them from there.
Ann was at the sink, filling it with soapy water to wash some of the dishes that were either too big or too delicate to go into the machine.
“We’re going to grill some steaks with Mom and Dad and her parents at our place next weekend,” Robert said as he took one of the plates right from D’s hand. “I finally want to test the new barbecue… Do you want to come? We’ll probably do it on Sunday. The weather’s supposed to be really nice.”
Keeping her gaze on the plate in her hand, D shook her head. “Sounds nice, but I’ve got that reunion-get-together thing. Remember?”
“Right…!” Robert obviously only remembered it now. “I totally forgot about that!” 
D nodded a little absent-mindedly. “Yeah, that’s this weekend…” Unintentionally it had come out so strikingly non-enthusiastic that it made Robert falter. “What’s wrong?” he asked, a plate for the dishwasher in his hand. “I thought you were looking forward to that.”
D swallowed. Robert sometimes had this seventh sense that detected traces of things you were actually trying to hide.
“Danielle?” Her hesitation, of course, just confirmed that he was onto something.
D was fighting with herself. It wasn’t too late to insist that nothing was wrong and quickly change the topic. Robert would get the hint and let it go. But maybe she actually did want to talk to someone? And in this particular case it couldn’t be Sarah, who normally was her preferred confidant for personal matters of this kind. Sarah was just too closely related to her problem!
“I was really looking forward to it,” she finally said, weighing her words. “Only that things look a little less enjoyable now.”
Robert gave her a puzzled look. “Meaning?”
Pursing her lips she shrugged. “Meaning that Sarah revealed a wonderful surprise to me today.” She paused and gazed at the glasses on the table next to her before she looked back up at Robert. “She said that… ahm…” Crap, she couldn’t even say his name now, could she? She cleared her throat. “Sarah said that her brother is going to bless us with his presence. So…Yippee! We’ll all be happily reunited without any exceptions! What more could we possibly wish for?”
Robert raised his eyebrows. “Uh oh!” He sounded as if he had just watched someone step into dog poop.
“Right. Uh oh...” D repeated dryly while she started moving the glasses around on the table until they were positioned in a perfect three by three square. She could feel Robert watching her.
“Well, you know,” his hands behind his back he leaned against the countertop, obviously deeming this topic important enough to interrupt his activities at the dishwasher for a moment. “I was actually kind of wondering if there wasn’t at least a chance he’d show up for that. But since you didn’t say anything I figured he’s either not coming or you’re okay with it. I didn’t really dare to ask you…”
D shot him a sour look. “Oh, come on Rob, aren’t you a poor intimidated creature!”
Robert shrugged. “Well, you’ve told me often enough to keep out of this very, very touchy subject, so…”
“Well, there was no hint of him coming until today,” D said testily. “And… I mean… he can do what he wants, of course! I don’t care!” She shifted the glasses into a new pattern – an almost perfect circle.  “But can’t he just come back some other time, when I don’t have to see him? I was actually looking forward to a nice and relaxing weekend with friends…”
“And now it won’t be quite as relaxing,” Robert concluded with a trace of amusement.
“No, not relaxing!” D agreed, a bit irritated by his cheerfulness.
“What’s this with Sarah’s brother?” Ann asked from the sink, where she was trying to get the burnt-on sauce off the roast pan. “I didn’t even know she had one.”
“Well, she has one,” Robert assured her flatly. “But we kind of have this oath of silence when it comes to him, because he happens to be her ex.” He nodded his head at D.
“That sounds like a crappy constellation!” Ann said sympathetically.
“You can say that out loud!” D agreed darkly.
Robert had resumed putting dishes into the dishwasher. Now he shot his sister a cautious look over his shoulder. 
“Is he bringing her too?” he asked,”I mean, Liz…”
At the mention of the name, D swallowed. Then she shook her head. “Doesn’t sound like it.”
“Well, that’s at least something!” Robert said. “Are they even still together?”
“I guess so,” D said with an especially indifferent shrug. “But Sarah doesn’t say much, fortunately, and I don’t ask because I really, really don’t care! I’m just glad I don’t get to deal with the double-package! That’s all that matters to me!”
Robert nodded, not looking very convinced. “Is it even such a big deal then if he comes?” he asked. “I mean… it might not be real relaxing with him around, but…you’ve seen him at the funeral, haven’t you? And that was okay…” He turned back to the dishwasher.
Chewing on her lip, D stared at her brother’s back. “Sure, that was okay,” she said gloomily. “But that’s not saying much, as that was a five second kind of thing where the required communication didn’t go beyond me saying ‘I’m sorry’ and his saying ‘Thanks.’ That’s a whole lot different than an entire weekend with various Oh-how-happy-we-all-are-together activities and a grill party on Wednesday to start it all off…”
Chuckling at this pointed summary, Robert put away the last plate and started on the glasses. “Yeah, I guess that’s a little different than a funeral,” he agreed with a little twitch around his mouth. “Especially since the people around you won’t be there for a silent mourning, but to have some fun.”
“Exactly…”
“Yeah, well… what can I tell you?” Robert paused for a moment, obviously really trying to come up with something constructive here. “You need to avoid an open display of the feud between him and you, that’s for sure. Because that would just be really uncomfortable for everyone.”
“I know that!” D snapped. “I’m not planning to do that. Besides, there’s absolutely no feud!”
“No, of course not,” Robert said, parroting her tone. “It’s real comforting and reassuring to hear you say that. Especially the way you said it… You shouldn’t have any problem at all being civilized around him then.”
“Oh, I’ll be civilized, alright!” she said with acidic sweetness, “I’ll be oh sooo civilized and friendly! Even though I would just love to–”
“What?” Robert challenged. “Scratch out his eyes? Punch his nose?”
She shrugged. “Yeah, something like that.”
Robert turned around again and gave her a serious look. 
“Danielle,” he said, his tone somber. “It’s been what? Three years? It’s a little late now, don’t you think? I told you then, when there was a justification and a chance, to kick his ass, yell at him, do whatever else you’ve got to do in order to get it out of your system…” He paused and watched her glance to the side, a stubborn expression on her face. “He wanted to talk to you, remember?” Robert didn’t let her out of his sight. “He even called me that one time, right after you had moved out of the dorm. But you told me to stop meddling and left for London!”
Shooting him a furious look, D sucked in some air as if she was going to give him a snappy response. But then she didn’t say anything after all. Just shook her head and rubbed her forehead.
“I’ll be fine, okay?” she finally said, trying for a calm and grown-up tone. “It’s just been a little surprising, that’s all. And I admit that I would have been just perfectly happy if I never had to see him again. But since I pretty much have to now, I’ll just try to ignore him as much as I can, and if I can’t, I’ll be indifferently friendly to him like I am with every random stranger on the street.”
Robert nodded with a smile. “Good girl! Good plan!” He reached out and patted her on the shoulder encouragingly. “You’ll be fine. Just make sure your sarcasm doesn’t get the upper hand, okay? And don’t take everything he says as an offense that you have to retaliate with nuclear missiles!” He paused when he saw her face. “Yeah, well, don’t look at me like that! We both know that’s what you do! I personally doubt that he’ll want to have a lot to do with you anyway. With some luck he’ll avoid you and you’ll avoid him and things will be fine.”
D thought about that for a moment. “Yeah, you’re probably right.” She grabbed a towel and joined Ann at the sink. There were two pots already washed and waiting to be dried.
Ann looked over at her. “What happened? With that guy. Or should I not ask?” 
“His name is Joe, by the way,” Robert threw in.
D had to keep herself from turning around and knocking her brother upside the head with the pan she was holding in her hand. Did he enjoy this? Was there really any need to say the name out loud? 
“He replaced me with a tramp and ran off with her.” It was a blunt and cold summary.
“And she really was a tramp,” Robert suddenly jumped in. 
D glanced over her shoulder, checking for any sign of mockery. 
Surprisingly there was none.
“Wow. So you agree, huh?”
”Sure, I agree,” Robert said. “No doubt about that.” He closed the dishwasher. “I never told you this, but she actually came on to me once. So I kind of know what -”
“Liz?” D didn’t believe her ears. “Liz came on to you?” She turned around to him, a pot she had been drying in one hand and the dish towel in the other. 
Robert laughed at her incredulous look. “Which part of it is so hard to believe now, huh? The Liz-part or the me-part?”
“Nothing…” D gave a quick shake of her head. “Either part sounds perfectly believable! It does sound, though, as if – unlike Sarah’s brother – my brother didn’t land in bed with her. Or did you?”
Robert shook his head. “Nope. I didn’t. Probably could have, though…”
“I don’t doubt that for one second,” D said with a dry laugh. “Guess that proves that my brother has more brains than Sarah’s…”
Robert shrugged. “One way to look at it.”
“When was that?” D pushed. “And what happened?”
“It was at that birthday party Sarah threw you… for your twenty-third, I think.” He squinted as he tried to remember the details. “I didn’t even really know her… I mean Liz… except for what you’d told me about her and Jack. Jack had brought her along to the party, but then he left earlier for some reason and she must have stuck around.”
“Okay… and?” D sounded impatient.
“Right, Rob… And?”Ann suddenly seemed quite interested was well.
“Well, there’s not that much to tell, really,” Robert tried to tone down their expectations. “I was just standing alone in a corner sipping a drink and actually ready to call it a night when she strolled towards me and struck up some conversation. I don’t even remember what it was about… something totally irrelevant, I think. I do clearly remember her dress, though – or the lack of it… Anyway, after a few minutes, totally out of the blue, I suddenly had her hand running up my arm. And she proposed that we take a drive to the river because the party was way too crowded and boring.” Robert paused for a moment. “And really, the way she phrased it and the body language was unmistakable even for me, and I’m not exactly the fastest when it comes to…”
“No, you’re not!” Ann teased.
“Thanks, Annie.” He gave her a fake pouting look. “Well, anyway… despite the very generous and tempting offer, I politely skipped the chance and drove home to my own bed all by myself.”
“How come?” D frowned at him.
He frowned back. “What do mean? Why did I not go for it?”
She gave him a shrug-nod.
He considered his answer for a moment. “Well, she was Jack’s girlfriend for all I knew, right? And even without that, quite honestly, she seemed a bit gaga to me. That really kind of turned me off.” He let out a little laugh. “So, I suppose, you could say I was too scared.”
“How come you never told me about this?” D wanted to know.
“I’m awfully sorry, but, at the time, I really didn’t see any reason to inform you of all people, if that’s what you mean. The only one that probably would have had a certain interest and even a right to know was Jack. And I didn’t really think it would come across so well if I told him. Like, By the way, Jack… Might have earned me a bloody nose.”
“Yeah…” D nodded, lost in thought. “But still…”
“But still what?” Robert challenged. “Did you want me to tell you after Joe–” He paused for a moment. “Like, By the way, Danielle, sorry about your boyfriend, but she’s already tried the same thing with me too. Only that I didn’t let it get to the point where I could have discovered her possibly irresistible talents…?”
“It would still have been kind of interesting to know,” D insisted, unwilling to let it go.
“Well, you know it now,” Robert retorted and took the pot from her that she had just dried.

~~~
“What’s wrong with your appetite?” Christine asked with a surprised look at all the food that was left on Joe’s plate. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen you poke around in your food like that. Did I spoil your appetite with my stories?”
He shook his head. “No, not your fault! I just wasn’t really hungry.“
She squinted. “Is that really all it is, or is something wrong?”
He looked back at her undecidedly. He really didn’t feel ready to discuss with anyone just yet what was up with his own horror love story.
“There’s something wrong, isn’t there?” Christine diagnosed, not letting him out of her sight.
His eyes trailing off to the side now, he rubbed his cheek with his good hand, debating if he should just deny it and change the topic.
“Joe…?” Christine was giving him a concerned look.
He scratched his head. Now, did he really want to get into this?
“I left Liz,” he finally said flatly without looking at her.
“Oh…” Christine was scrambling for words now. “When was that???”
“This morning.”
“Wow. And you just sit here and let me talk…”
He gave her a little apologetic shrug. “Not my favorite topic, I guess.”
“So, you don’t want to talk about it then?” Christine asked.
He dropped his gaze. “I don’t know,” he said, playing with his fork. “Even if I wanted to talk about it, I wouldn’t even know where to start.”
Christine took a sip from her glass. “Start with…– Well, was it you breaking her heart or the other way around?”
Joe let out a little laugh. “Good question. Let’s see… Regarding my heart, I’m pretty sure it’s not broken. If anything it’s been dissolved in too much acid. And hers – I’m not entirely sure she’s got one.”
“Wow,” Christine sighed. “That’s quite an assessment!”
“Well, maybe that wasn’t totally fair.” 
“How long have you been together?” she asked, ignoring the fairness issue.
“Too long,” he said dryly. “Since you were talking about wasted years earlier…” He let out a bitter, little laugh. “Three years down the drain here…”
“What happened?”
“Oh, I don’t know.” He shook his head, his eyes trailing off to the couple that was sharing a plate of chocolate mousse. “Nothing in particular,” he said slowly, “or everything, depending on the point of view.” He paused again, trying to come up with something to say that would actually make any sense. “It’s kind of hard to describe when you don’t really know her.”
“Yeah…I guess.” Christine nodded, apparently ready to drop the subject if he wanted to.
But then he didn’t want to. Because it suddenly occurred to him that Christine had actually met Liz once. 
“What did you think about her the one time you’ve met her?” he asked.
Suddenly Christine looked uncomfortable. 
“I don’t know,” she shrugged, avoiding eye-contact. “It was just for one dinner. And it’s kind of hard to judge someone after spending just a few hours with them. She’s probably a lot different when you’re alone.”
Joe grinned. “Not a whole lot.”
“Okay… Well, if you really want to know… I can’t say I liked her very much. And I did kind of wonder why you two were together.”
He gave her a questioning look. 
“Well – how should I put this?” Christine seemed hesitant to spell out her thoughts. “You just didn’t seem happy or… ahem… you didn’t even really seem like yourself. Of course, I didn’t know you all that well then, but you’d always seemed like a pretty nice, laid back guy. But that night you were… you seemed irritated, tense. I don’t know…”
“Well, she brings out the best in me,” he said with obvious sarcasm, “and maybe also the other way around.”
Remembering that dinner two years ago still made him cringe. It had been horrible. Liz had initially said she wasn’t coming. To punish him for something, or just out of spite. When she had realized that he was perfectly okay with going by himself, she had suddenly decided she’d join him after all. Because who knew if he was really just meeting friends!?! 
They had been late, of course, because it had taken her forever to get ready. She had ended up strutting into that restaurant looking like Glamour Barbie. And she had behaved like a stuck-up bitch.
“So, have you met someone else?” Christine interrupted his thoughts.
He shook his head. “No. There’s no one else. At least not on my side. On her side, yeah, there’s a whole bunch of guys.” He shrugged. “But that’s only a side-topic, really. There were so many other problems…” He paused for a moment. “I don’t even know where to begin. Take what you’ve seen of her and add alcohol, pills and a possible mental problem – borderline or whatever they call it…” He sucked in a breath while rubbing his forehead. “Or maybe it’s not even all her fault. Who knows? Maybe it’s me that causes her to be like that, I don’t know. I simply don’t know. Maybe I’m even going crazy myself…”
“Well, you seem pretty sane and stable to me,” Christine said, “but if you’re already having doubts about that, it’s probably a good thing that you left.”
His eyes trailing to the side again, he nodded. “Yeah, I guess.”
“You haven’t really moved out yet, though, or have you?” Christine asked.
“No, I just packed a few things and left. And after this trip I’m going to visit my sister. That should give me some time to figure out what I wanna do. And regarding my stuff, I packed what I really need, and if it comes down to it, she can keep the rest.” 
He picked up his glass and took a sip of his beer. It was warm by now and tasted disgusting.
Christine’s face had brightened up. “That’s good!” she said, “Get away, be with family… and you still have friends there too, right?”
“Kind of. I haven’t been in touch much lately, of course, but yes, there are some friends. In fact, they’re having a get-together next weekend. Maybe that’s what inspired me to go…”
“Sounds like the perfect plan and perfect timing!” Christine laughed. And then she patted his hand.

Such a Nice Guy!
“So, Danielle, why didn’t you bring your friend tonight? What’s his name again?”
It was almost nine, the birthday cake had been diminished to only a quarter of its size and everyone seemed tired and slightly paralyzed from all the food. Only Aunt Sauvie had just come back to life. She was a friendly but slightly nosy woman. And being their late grandmother’s sister and their Mom’s godmother, she was a regular guest at most family gatherings.
“Was it Peter?” Aunt Sauvie squinted, trying to recall that nice guy’s name.
D managed a forced smile. 
“No, Aunt Sauvie, I didn’t bring him today... And his name is Pete.”
“Ah yes, Pete…” Aunt Sauvie beamed. “He’s such a pleasant and smart young man.”
“Oh, I know…” D was having a hard time masking her irritation with a friendly smile.
“And he’s got a good job, too,” Aunt Sauvie remembered.
“Yeah, he does,” D said, the smile slowly hurting her face, because it was such a struggle to keep it up. “But I’ve got a good job myself!”
“Yes, young women are so independent nowadays,” Aunt Sauvie contemplated, “and I suppose that’s good. But still, once you have children, it’s important that the man…”
“Aunt Sauvie,” Robert interrupted in a joking tone, “You’ve got to stop, because you’re scaring Danielle…” He laughed and so did Ann.
“Well, at some point you do want to get married and have children, though?” Aunt Sauvie looked from D to Robert to Ann and then back to D, while the three of them were shooting each other concerned looks and shrugged.
“Maybe. At some point…” Ann and D answered almost simultaneously. Then they looked at each other and burst out laughing, which kind of cut the tension.
Robert went on to ask Aunt Sauvie how the apricots and figs in her garden were coming along, and with her starting to describe in most enthusiastic terms the almost completed ripening progress, and how everyone present should feel free and help with the harvest, the topic of had successfully been changed. 
Around nine-thirty the party ended. 
Everyone was getting ready to leave, and D’s Dad slipped into his shoes to drive Aunt Sauvie home.
With all the guests gone, D, Robert, their Mom and Ann cleared the last dishes from the dining table.
“I’ll walk with you a little ways,” D said, pulling on her jacket as Robert and Ann were finally getting ready to walk home. “I need some air after all that food. You wanna come too, Mom?”
Her Mom, looking tired but happy, shook her head and dropped onto the sofa. “No, I think I’ll just sit here for a moment and enjoy the quiet house.”

Robert and Ann lived just a fifteen minute walk away. It was good to get out and take a few steps. The air was still warm and it was a clear night. 
Walking next to her brother and his girlfriend, D realized that, for the first time in ages, she was walking next to this couple, not being part of a couple herself. For a long time it had always been her and Pete. Strangely enough, though, what she felt at this moment was a delightful sense of freedom.
“Why didn’t you just tell our dear aunt that she’ll never see Pete again?” Robert suddenly asked as if he could read her mind.
She shrugged.
“Or has that changed?”
“No, hasn’t changed. I just wasn’t in the mood to discuss it over coffee and then deal with her shock at this horrible misjudgment of mine. How could you? He was so perfect...” She made an almost perfect imitation of Aunt Sauvie’s voice.
Robert and Ann both laughed.
“Yeah.” Robert chuckled. “You can’t deny that Pete’s a real big hit with aunts and grandparents!”
“Definitely,” D said dryly.
“It’s his gentlemanly manner, my dear,” Robert said, doing his own Aunt-Sauvie-impersonation. “And his good job and his great I’ve-gotta-compensate-for-something car...” This earned him a scolding look from Ann.
“Anything you want to tell me here?” D challenged.
“No, no!” Robert reached out and patted her shoulder reassuringly. “You know I’m actually so glad you didn’t think he was material to…” and now he fell back into Aunt Sauvie tone, “get married to and have children with.”
D nodded, lost in thought.
“What’s wrong?” Robert suddenly noticed her grave face.
She shook her head. “Nothing.”
“When you say nothing like that–”
With an exasperated sigh, D shrugged. “The thing is that I’m still kind of struggling to get him to accept it. I mean, Pete. The breakup.”
“You’re kidding, right!?” Robert frowned. “I thought he took it so well.”
“Initially it seemed like it, yeah. But that was only because he thought – and I quote here,” she tried to mimic Pete, “that I’m just confused and in a bad mood and I will take it all back very soon.”
“Which you didn’t,” Robert concluded in a hopeful voice.
“No. And he doesn’t understand. And he doesn’t want to understand and …well, how can I not see how perfect we were together? It just goes on and on… Anyway, I’m actually too tired right now to discuss this. Let’s talk about it some other time, okay? I actually think I’ll say goodbye here and head back to the house…” 
Morning Sun Sneezes
Still feeling a little sleepy, Joe looked over at Christine.
She was still asleep. 
Suddenly she stirred.
“What time is it?” she mumbled without opening her eyes.
“Eight-thirty,” he said, trying to make sense of the very mixed feelings he was having here.
She opened her eyes and turned to him.  “Where am I?” she asked, pretending to be clueless. “Who are you? And how did I get here?”
Letting out a somewhat tense laugh, Joe propped himself up and brushed a strand of hair from her forehead. “It won’t help you at all if you pretend you had nothing to do with this…”

When they had left the restaurant it had still been warm outside and they had decided to take a stroll towards the square opposite his hotel together and get an ice cream cone there. It had seemed way too early to say goodbye. Especially since they had both suddenly felt so good and upbeat. 
They ended up sitting in the square forever. Talking about all kinds of things, laughing, watching people.
At some point it had become too cool to stay on their bench for much longer. It had been late and there had been hardly any other people around anymore.
“What if I didn’t feel like going home now?” Christine had asked after they had sat in silence already for a while, both hesitant to say goodbye. “I haven’t felt that good in a long time,” she had added, her eyes on the pavers, “And I’m pretty sure that won’t last once I go home… alone.”
He hadn’t been entirely sure she meant it the way he though she did.  After all, the idea of taking her back to his hotel room instead of letting her go home had crossed his mind more than once over the past few hours. He’d pushed the idea away as idiotic and dangerous, though. She was a friend…
“I usually don’t do this kind of thing,” she had said. “One-night stands, I mean. Actually, I’ve never done one at all. But tonight… Well, really … what would be wrong with it?”
He had cleared his throat. “I … I don’t know. I mean – yeah –  I can’t deny it sounds tempting, but… is that really a good idea amongst friends?”
“Better a friend than some stranger,” she had said. “And we wouldn’t be hurting anyone. There’d be nothing wrong with it…”
“Yeah. I guess.” Even though she was absolutely someone he’d love to take to his hotel room and keep for the night, there had still been something holding him back…
“There’s no strings attached,” she said with a smile, “I promise. I’m not looking for a new relationship and neither are you.”
That had done the trick…

Pulling the sheet over her eyes now, Christine sneezed. 
“The morning sun…” she mumbled.
“Oh, is that what it is?” Joe chuckled, trying to mask how tense he actually felt. Last night had been great, but that didn’t change the fact that he shouldn’t have done this! 
Looking up at the ceiling, she let out a laugh that sounded surprised. “I would say we can do this again,” she said, “but I’m afraid we might endanger the no-strings-attached motto if we did.”
Joe slowly nodded, suddenly feeling relieved. “Yep, there’d be a risk, I’m afraid…”
D’s Sunday Afternoon
When D got home from Salzburg in the later afternoon it was still warm and sunny outside. 
She therefore gave up her initial plan to finally finish the project in the bedroom. Instead she changed into her bikini and a summer dress, packed the London folder, a towel and a few other things into a bag and then got on her bike to head to the lake.

There were only a few people still swimming when she arrived. Most people were already packing up their things and leaving.
D walked over to the area where she liked to sit, spread her towel out on the ground and slipped out of her summer dress.  
She was about to head down to the lake when she heard her phone ring from her bag. There was no doubt that it was Pete again. For a moment she hesitated and wondered if she should take the call now. Then she straightened out the straps of her bikini, walked down to the pier and jumped into the dark green water. 
She stayed in the water for about ten minutes, swam over to the wooden float that was anchored in the middle of the lake, took a short break there, let the sun dry her skin and then swam back.
Out of breath she returned to her towel and stretched out on it.
She pulled the London folder from the bag, and also came across her phone in the process. Seeing it caused a slight pang of guilt. She couldn’t avoid Pete forever… 
The phone showed two missed calls and a message. To her surprise the second call and the message were from Jack, though:
Do U want to drive with me Wed night. I’d pick u and Sun up. Just want to make sure u are still coming…
Jack
D considered this for a moment. Then she typed:
Why would you think I might not be coming anymore??? ;) Driving together sounds good. 
D
There was no doubt in her mind that, had she taken Jack’s call, he would have probably tried to give her some good advice regarding the upcoming reunion – just like Robert had. She could easily do without that!
She started flipping through the folder. 
It really didn’t contain anything she didn’t already know. The new offices were located close to Liverpool street station – just a few blocks from where Pete had been staying during their time as exchange students. The job description of the positions in London matched exactly what June and she were currently doing in Swan&Co’s headquarters in Innsbruck, only for a different market. The company offered to help with the apartment search in London; trips home for Christmas and Easter would be paid for, plus one additional flight home over the course of the year. All in all, it sounded like a nice and very generous arrangement.
The phone rang again just as she was getting lost in what-if considerations regarding London. 
She could see Pete smiling from the display.  
It didn’t make much sense to ignore his calls any longer. He would just call again and again…
“Hi Pete…”  
“Danielle? Hi.” He sounded surprised to actually hear her voice instead of the mailbox.
“Hi, Pete,” she repeated patiently.
“Are you ignoring me now or what?”
“I’m not ignoring you,” she claimed. “I’ve just been kind of busy every time you called. One time I missed it because I was in the shower, then Sarah was here and last night was my Mom’s birthday party. I stayed there overnight, just got home.”
“Right – your Mom’s birthday,” Pete muttered, “everyone alright?”
“Yeah, everyone’s fine,” D said, knowing that he wasn’t really interested in the answer. “Robert cooked. It was great.”
“Well, great,” he said in a non-committal tone as if to quickly be done with this subject. ”You could have called me back, though…”
Obviously. She could have called him back. She hadn’t.
“You could have sent me a message or left a voice mail,” she countered uncomfortably. She knew perfectly well that this was a bit lame.
There was silence on the other end.
“So, you’re back from your trip…” D said, just to say something. If she was honest she didn’t even remember where he had been. Just some kind of business trip. “How was it?”
“It was okay,” he said curtly, “nothing spectacular…” There was a short pause. “I’ve been trying to reach you since I got back Friday night.” He wasn’t ready to let this go, of course.
“Yeah, I know.” She felt and sounded guilty. “What’s so important?”
“Well, if it had really been important I’d be screwed by now anyway,” he responded snappily. “It doesn’t always have to be something important, does it?”
“No, guess not,” she said, wondering if she had overreacted or this was his manipulating her into thinking so.
“Anyway, now that I’ve finally got you on the line, there are two things I’d like to talk to you about…”
“Okay…” Just from his tone she sensed that she probably wouldn’t like what was coming.
“Well…” he started, “I’ve actually been trying to reach you because I thought I might be able to come by your place sometime this weekend and get my stuff. But since I could never reach you…”
“Oh… Okay.” D didn’t quite know what to say, as the first thing that came to mind was, Thank God it’s too late for that now! 
“I guess I could still come by now,” he contemplated, “but now it’s already kind of late and I’d still have to drive home, of course…”
D straightened up, Sarah’s words ringing in her ears. Was he trying to invite himself to stay overnight?
With her free hand she grabbed the next-best rock from the ground beside her towel and threw it into the lake.
“What do you think?” he asked innocently.
“Tonight isn’t really good for me,” she said slowly.
“Why? What are you doing?” There was an accusing edge now.
D sucked in a quick breath. She felt the anger start to ball up in her stomach. It was none of his business what she was doing. Why couldn’t he finally start playing by the new rules? Not being together anymore should change the rules, shouldn’t it?
“Are you going out?” he pushed.
“No, I’m not going out,” she said a bit snappily.
“Hot new guy coming by, huh?” He made it sound like a joke, but D wasn’t quite sure that it was one.
“What makes you think there’s just one?” she replied copying his tone.
“Well, what’s the problem then, if I quickly swing by?” 
Biting down on her lower lip, D tried to keep herself from losing her composure and slipping into hissing or yelling. This was hardly the place for it. Had she been in her home with the windows closed she may have let it out and it would undoubtedly have opened up a whole new can of worms… Why are you so mad at me? You’re so angry sometimes…
She was angry, yes. Because she had wanted him to pick up his stuff (clothes, toiletry things and other knickknacks he still had at her place) for six weeks now. And she had also asked him more than once to please bring along her things from his flat – a pair of slacks, a blouse, pajamas and some makeup stuff. He had come by twice and then always forgotten to take his stuff with him. And he had never even mentioned hers, let alone brought it. So, she was very, very angry. But she’d have to control herself!
“Do you suddenly need your stuff so badly that it’s worth driving all this way to just quickly pick it up?” she asked as calmly as she could.
“Well, I thought I could pick up my stuff and maybe spend a little time with you. We could go out to eat if you haven’t eaten. Or do something else. What’s wrong with that? I mean – I thought we were still friends…”
So, there it was. Of course there was no ‘quickly coming by’. Picking up his stuff was just an excuse to be able to pay her a visit that he would try to drag out as long as he could – maybe (and this was Sarah speaking now) even overnight.
Ramming a pointed rock into the soft soil next to her towel, D tried to decide how to handle this.
“But as a friend it should be possible for me to tell you that tonight really doesn’t work for me,” she pointed out.
“Sure,” he growled, “even though I quite honestly don’t understand why you can’t make some time for me if you’re not going out and no one else is coming by…”
“I want to finish something for work tonight, okay? I’m kind of in the middle of it now.”
“Sounds like you’re outside somewhere…” 
D drew in an irritated breath. “Yes, I’m at the lake – alone, by the way – looking through a folder from work. And then I will go home and work on this some more.”
“What is it?”
“Company secrets! If I tell you they’ll hunt us both down and kill us…”
He didn’t laugh. “Pretty bad if they now even make you work on weekends! I told you, you should have taken that job at my Uncle’s company. It would have been perfect…”
“I happen to like my job,” she said through clenched teeth. “And no, they don’t make me work on Sundays. I just want to finish this because it’s interesting for me…”
Silence.
“Pete, you already said yourself that even for you tonight isn’t ideal because you’d still have to drive back home.” This was her way of telling him that he shouldn’t even think about maybe being able to stay overnight. She was just hoping she had been clear enough. She would hate to have to be any clearer…
“Okay, whatever!“ he snapped, “I get it!”
The silence that followed was hard to take.
D had to fight her first impulse to take a step back now; do something to make her feel less guilty and make him feel better. Such as offering him to come by sometime next week; in the evening; not just to pick up his stuff but also for dinner. She could cook…
The only thing that stopped her was the looming problem of him then possibly wanting to stay overnight.
“What about next weekend,” he inquired sourly. “May I get an appointment then or is one week notice still not enough?”
D swallowed a scathing remark. “I’ve got my thing with Sarah and them next weekend,” she said instead. “I’m pretty sure I told you about that…”
“Ah yes, that!” There was a really condescending undertone. “That doesn’t last all weekend, though, right?”
“Pretty much,” D retorted. “It lasts from Friday afternoon till Sunday night, and there’s a grill party on Wednesday night.” 
“Great!” Pete scoffed angrily. “Where is that anyway? In Innsbruck?”
“No, it’s at the resort at that lake where your parents went for their anniversary two years ago.”
“Oh, really? That’s a pretty spendy place.”
“Rick got us a good deal. Knows the owner or something.”
“I see.” Judging from his tone he was already pondering something else. ”Well, maybe you can drive there with someone else and I could pick you up early on Sunday,” he suggested. “Then we could still do something together around the area.”
D was squirming on her towel. Couldn’t that thing be on the moon and his space ship temporarily broken?
“I really don’t want to leave early. I’m sorry.” She wasn’t sorry at all. Why had she even said that?
“I’d just like to see you, I guess,” Pete admitted with a big portion of hurt in his voice.
“I know.” She was trying for a softer tone now. “But is spending time together really such a good idea at this point? I mean– Really?”
“I don’t see why not? If we’re still friends…”
She didn’t agree. And neither would anyone in their right minds.
“And if there’s no one else, I don’t see any reason at all why we can’t spend time together,” he pushed, sounding like a pouting little kid. “But then again, I still don’t see the reason why we can’t be together! We were a great team, we had a lot of fun and then you go and throw it all away…”
Great. D rolled her eyes. This just seemed to go in circles. All the time. Always the same. But today she was determined to avoid getting sucked into the discussion about her motives for ending their relationship and the validity of those motives. She bit her lip and forced herself to keep quiet.
“Anyway,” Pete finally said darkly, “I actually also wanted to ask you a favor. But I can probably save myself the effort, because you’ll say no anyway.”
“God, stop being so… Just say what it is, would you?”
There was a short pause in which Pete obviously weighed if he would rather pout some more or pursue whatever favor he had wanted to ask.
“Our firm’s summer party is coming up again. It’s also the 25-year anniversary…”
Her jaws tightly locked, D closed her eyes. She unfortunately knew exactly where this was going…
“Well,” he sounded very uncomfortable now, as if he wasn’t even sure he dared to continue. D wasn’t sure if the hesitation was authentic or fake.
“I was kind of hoping we could go together,” he told her, “like the last few years… I’d just hate to go there alone. And everybody’s bringing someone.”
“I don’t know,” D said half-heartedly.
“It’s just–” He sounded helpless now. “It would be just as friends, I promise. And it would definitely be the last time I’d ever ask you to do something like that, don’t worry!”
D concluded that no one at his work had any idea that they had split up. Not that it really was any of their business anyway.
In the back of her head she could hear Sarah whispering “Manipulation, manipulation…” Still, she wasn’t sure she could live with herself if she told him no.
“When is it?” she finally asked, “and where?”
A few minutes later she hung up, totally frustrated and disillusioned with herself.
Her gaze fell on the blue folder again. 
She was going to get her application for London prepared as soon as she got home this evening. With her having, so far, insisted that she wasn’t interested, HR had already run the job-ad in the paper once and would do so again over the next few weeks. So, the sooner she let Harry know that she had changed her mind the less danger there was that someone else might snatch the job away from her.
Party and Pills
Joe took another appetizer from the tray that the lady from the catering firm was holding out to him. 
It was SCANY’s annual summer party where everyone – including all the business partners – seemed to be invited. He wouldn’t have come to Amsterdam just for this, but since he was in town and Jan knew it, he pretty much had to attend.
He had arrived at the party a little late. 
He had spent the day with Christine. 
They had taken the train to the coast to Zandvoort. 
It had been fun. Windy, sunny and relaxed. Actually, ever since she had confirmed in the morning that she still considered the no strings attached rule to apply, being around her had been very relaxed. Only getting back had been quite stressful as the train had had a mechanical problem. They had arrived in Amsterdam almost half an hour later than planned and they still had had to get back to the hotel for Christine to pick up her bike and for him to get changed.
He had slipped into his shirt in such a hurry and in such a clumsy way that he had gotten his broken fingers caught in the sleeve somehow. It had hurt like hell and he had had to sit down for a moment until the pain had subsided enough so he could finish getting dressed and call a taxi.

He had been at the party for an hour and a half now, he had had a quick chat with Jan and his wife, had exchanged a few words with the few SCANY employees he knew better, and had then stumbled into a somewhat comical conversation about Dutch beer with Luigi, one of Jan’s Italian customers and with Anders, one of SCANY’s IT people. 
He tried to enjoy the party, but his hand was really bothering him. It had hurt ever since he had left his hotel room and it didn’t seem to be getting any better.
He decided to leave, head back to the hotel and just take one of his painkillers.

Half an hour later in his hotel room, he pressed a pill out of the blister pack and washed it down with half a glass of water. Then he brushed his teeth, took off his suit and went to sit on the bed.
He turned on the TV and flipped through the channels. 
There was going to be a good movie on TV in half an hour. Until then he could check his e-mails and read the online news on his phone.
He scrolled through headlines and clicked into a few articles that sounded interesting. After a few minutes of this he was starting to feel really tired and a bit drowsy. He rubbed his eyes and struggled to focus. His hand was starting to feel better, which was nice, but at the same time it was almost impossible to think a clear thought or come up with the energy to move. Everything seemed to be happening in slow motion.
Maybe he should just lie down for a while…
Monday at Work
From the moment D turned on her computer at work, it was clear that this was going to be a crazy Monday morning. It started with the computer system being down for reasons that even the IT department didn’t seem to know. And while the experts were frantically trying to fix it, everyone else was feeling lost with no access to their E-mail or to any of their documents on the server.
D had had a clear plan for this morning – or at least for the first half an hour that she usually had the office to herself before June arrived around eight-thirty. The plan had been to send the London application off to Harry. She had prepared it the evening before. She had revised her resume and composed a short e-mail/cover letter and then forwarded everything to her work e-mail address so she could read through it again in the morning before sending it off.
With the system being down, her application e-mail was still stuck somewhere and the plans had to be changed.
June blew in around nine, totally stressed out and babbling something about how she had overslept because Jim must have turned off her alarm clock.
The mention of Jim made D frown. Obviously June had spent the night with the unreliable on-and-off boyfriend again. By now D could write an entire book about this chaotic relationship. She had long given up trying to understand the motives June had for getting back together with him again and again. It seemed to be some sort of game – on both sides...
“Just happened,” June said lightly. “I ran into him in the pub on Main Street Saturday night. And he’s single again and so am I. So, why not?”
D refrained from commenting and just smiled. 
June shrugged. “I’ll be leaving for London in six or eight months, so this has an expiry date anyway. But right now it’s nice to have him back. Just for a good time. Nothing serious.”
D smiled again. She had given up giving advice on this matter. June was grown up.
“Speaking of London,” she said instead. “I think I might apply after all.”
“Really?” June clapped her hands. “You are? Oh that’s great news!”
“Yeah, I had another look at the folder over the weekend,” D said, “and… well, it does look kind of tempting.”
“Yeah, doesn’t it?” June was all thrilled. “I told you! And even if you’re not a hundred percent sure yet, just apply at least. Nothing’s going to be cast in stone. In two weeks we’re going to London for that conference anyway and then we can check it all out, talk to David and meet the people there. Have you told Harry yet?”
“I was going to send him my application today but the system is down and I think we’ll be swamped once it’s back up again. I’ll do it tomorrow morning. Harry’s out of the office anyway.”
“Yeah, don’t wait too long, though. Because Susan from HR told me that they’ve already gotten some applications after their ad in the paper. And we definitely don’t want someone to snatch the job away from you – not that I expect that could even happen, but still…”
“I know, I know!”
June nodded, a broad delighted grin on her face. “Wow! That would be so great if we could go over there together!”
~~~
Joe had spent the morning in SCANY’s claustrophobic little server room together with Anders, trying to solve some problems. They had been trying different things for hours until it had finally dawned on them that they were actually dealing with a hardware rather than a software problem. They needed to replace an electronic part. Anders had called a few places and located a store closeby where he could pick up the part right after lunch.
Since they couldn’t do anything until then, they decided to take an early lunch break.
While Anders went to the company’s cafeteria to have something to eat and bike over to the electronics store afterwards, Joe decided to go for a walk, get some fresh air and maybe find a place to eat. He knew he had about an hour to kill. 
~~~
 With the server finally up and running again, D was just working her way through the e-mails she had gotten when her mobile phone suddenly vibrated on her desk. 
It was Robert. 
A quick look at her watch confirmed that it was already five minutes to twelve. She should have met Robert at the Chinese restaurant across the street already ten minutes ago.
~~~
Joe took a stroll along a canal, turned into a small street for a while, then followed another canal. It was a little cloudy today but still warm enough so he was fine without a jacket.
After a ten-minute walk he found a nice-looking bistro with an appealing menu and stopped there to have lunch.
His hand was fine today, but he was still a little freaked out by the overwhelming effect the painkillers had had the previous night. That stuff had surely helped fast, not just to make the pain go away but also to paralyze his brain and the rest of him. 
He had woken up at six in the morning from the next-door neighbor dropping something in the shower. 
The TV had still been running on low volume just as he had left it. He had missed the movie he had wanted to watch…
~~~
Robert was sitting at a table close to the window when D arrived at the Chinese restaurant. She was out of breath and really hungry. 
“Sorry, I’m late…” she huffed.
“No problem,” Robert said as she sat down. “I just called because I wasn’t sure…”
She stared into her menu for a while, but when the little Chinese lady came to take their order, she ordered the same as always.
Robert was telling her something about a few improvements he had made to the new website for his catering business. He had just started it eighteen months ago, but it seemed to be running very well. And he just loved it. It was great to see him so enthusiastic about something.
“Maybe I’ll send you the test link and you can look through it when you have time,” he said. “See what you think and check if you find any more typos.”
D nodded. “Sure, just send it to me.” 
The food came and they both started dishing some up on their plates.
“I’ve got to tell you something, by the way…” D said as he started eating.
Robert looked up expectantly.
“It’s maybe a little crazy…” she admitted.
Robert’s expression darkened. “Don’t tell me you’re not going to your weekend thing after all…”
She shook her head. “No, it’s got nothing to do with that. I don’t want to talk about that right now either. It’s something totally different: I’m thinking about applying for a job my company has in London.”
There it was.
“Really?” Robert seemed pleasantly surprised. “That’s definitely the good kind of crazy. I mean… I kind of think it would be good for you. And we’d come and visit.” He grinned.
“It would just be for two years or so,” D said. “Sounds pretty interesting. The girl I share the office with is transferring for sure. And maybe I need a change of scenery too…”
“Yeah, I think you might,” Robert said in a tone that she took as a sign that he was thinking of Pete here too. “And you did like London while you were there. So…” He smiled.
“Don’t tell Mom and Dad about this yet, though, okay?”
He nodded. “I won’t. But I really think you should go for it. You need to do these things while you can!”
D nodded, her gaze drifting off.
“When would it start?”
“Sounds like they would want us to start in about eight months. I still have to tell my boss, though. Because – so far – I said that I wasn’t really interested.”
“Oh. What made you change your mind then?”
“Talking to Pete on the phone yesterday…”
~~~
It was around 1:30 pm when Joe returned. Anders wasn’t back yet, so he got himself a coffee from the machine and drank it while standing at the window overlooking the canal he had walked along earlier.
He contemplated what to do in the evening.
Part of him wanted to try and spend it with Christine. If he called her now, maybe they could go to a movie or something. 
He was about the reach for his phone and send her a text, but then stopped himself. If he saw her tonight, there was a very good chance they’d scrap their good resolutions not so sleep together again. And that just didn’t seem like a good idea. For neither of them. 
The night with her had been great, of course – and a comforting reassurance that normal sex with a normal person was still perfectly fine. He hadn’t been entirely sure about that beforehand. In the very back of his mind he had been terrified that the crazy stuff Liz had started getting him into had somehow screwed him up. That didn’t seem to be the case. 
Still, as tempting as it might be to spend another night with Christine, he better not. One of them would get hurt, and neither of them needed that right now... 
Leaving Schiphol Airport
They took off from Schiphol Airport with a delay of almost 90 minutes due to some technical problems.
The guy in the seat next to Joe was nervously flipping through a printout of a PowerPoint presentation and scribbling notes on the pages.
Joe closed his eyes trying to tune him out. He really couldn’t wait to get to Sarah’s. 
Now that he only had a few more hours left to go, it was finally starting to seem real – the thought of being in Innsbruck, staying in the house he had grown up in; seeing Sarah and his friends; meeting with Mom; sleeping in his old room, his bed – without Liz stirring next to him… 
In a way it felt like an opportunity to slow down to a walking pace after an uncontrollably crazy ride that had left him exhausted and disoriented. The madness with Liz and the way he had immersed himself in his job and business trips over the past eighteen months could not have gone on much longer.
He might have considered returning to Innsbruck earlier, but it had not really been an option while Dad had still been alive. 
He had never had a very good relationship with his father. Ever since he could remember there had been tensions. Dad had always had these expectations in him that he had just never been able to meet – even at times when he had still tried to. 
As a seven-year old, when Dad had insisted he compete in the school’s science competition, he had only come in third. As a twelve-year old, when Dad had taken him along to go fishing with two professor colleagues and their sons, he had ended up giving one of the boys a bloody nose for making fun of the book he was reading. 
And at fifteen, when he had already sort of given up trying to score points with Dad, he had insisted on taking guitar lessons on Tuesday afternoons even though Dad had really wanted him to sign up for some extracurricular biology class instead. 
The greatest disappointment for Dad had doubtlessly been when his only son had informed him of his plans to study computer science in Vienna, rather than staying in Innsbruck and following in his renowned scientist-professor-father’s footsteps in the field of genetics. 
Dad and he. It had always been a struggle. He couldn’t remember ever having enjoyed being around that man. 
And after the thing had happened five years ago, being around him had become literally unbearable. 
Joe clearly remembered that evening: After a late class, he had been on his way to the bus, his knee had really bothered him that day, and he had suddenly realized that Dad’s car was still in the university staff parking lot. So, even though he normally preferred the bus to a tense car ride with his father, he had decided to catch a ride with Dad. 
Dad had not answered the phone when he had tried to call him, so he decided to just walk to the office. 
It had been eight-thirty. Time for Dad to head home anyway. Most of the other offices had been dark and deserted by then.
He had walked into the well-lit front room of Dad’s office.
Patricia, Dad’s twenty-four year old assistant, hadn’t been sitting at her desk, but her coat had still been hanging on the coatrack. The door to Dad’s actual office had been closed. 
As he had approached that door to knock, Joe had started hearing noises. The kind of noises you would not expect in this environment…
He had kind of expected the door to be locked, but when he had hesitantly pressed down the door handle, it had opened without problems.
He had had the perfect view of Dad having sex with Patricia.
They had been so busy with each other that they didn’t even notice him standing there.  Paralyzed, he had watched them for a few seconds. Then he had reached into the fruit bowl beside him, grabbed an apple and flung it.
“Fuck, Dad!” he had yelled.
Then had walked away and taken the bus.

Drawing in a deep breath, the airplane’s engines humming soothingly, Joe opened his eyes and glanced at the flight attendant coming down the aisle with the beverage cart. 
He couldn’t believe how this memory of Dad and Patricia was still so vivid! It still made him feel almost nauseous.
This incident had turned an already strained relationship into an impossible one. Right after it had happened, Dad had, of course, tried to talk to him, assure him that it had been a one-time thing; that he had no idea how it had even happened and that it would never ever happen again.
Joe had blocked all attempts to talk it over. He had just walked away or slammed doors shut between them. 
It had been a real dilemma, however. He had really wanted to punish Dad, but that would have meant telling Mom.
He hadn’t been able to bring himself to do it. 
So, for a while there, he had just kept it to himself. And where family life had previously been annoying at times, it was now, at least from his perspective, absolutely unbearable. Because he knew Dad’s dirty, little secret. And his Mom didn’t. And Sarah didn’t. And they would all still sit around the dinner table and pretend to be a happy family. It made him feel like an even bigger liar than Dad.
It had almost driven him crazy. He had become frustrated, grouchy and irritable. Not just with Dad, but also with everyone else – Mom, Sarah and even…. Danny.
As the thought of her passed his mind, he quickly refocused on something else.
His father’s sudden death had been a shock. Heart attack. No warning or anything, and his Dad had been gone. Forever. And it had made the rift between them irreversible, with absolutely no chance of reconciliation. Not that he was sure he would have wanted one.
He had returned to Innsbruck for the funeral. He would have preferred to just go by himself, have some time to digest everything, come to terms with it, be with his Mom, Sarah and Grandma for a few days. But Liz had had to be there. And instead of having some much-needed quiet time with what was left of his family, he had had to deal with Liz and her ever-changing moods, her being too cold, too warm, nagging about how Sarah had said something she didn’t like, or how there had been some bacon in the potato soup his Grandma had made (obviously unaware that Liz was currently on a vegetarian trip.) And, oh my, what should she wear for the funeral?
They had buried his father and he had been just amazed and shocked at how little it affected him.
For Mom, Dad’s sudden death had been a real, devastating shock, of course. Fortunately she had had Sarah and her sister to lean on. Especially Aunt Tess had been great! Up until then he had always found her a bit too flamboyant and weird, but since his father’s death he saw her as sort of a crazy fairy that had saved Mom from drowning in grief and inspired her to completely change her life instead. 
Eight months ago Mom had surprised them with the decision to move in with her sister.  Aunt Tess had just divorced her rich, notorious cheater husband and gotten the house outside Innsbruck, the cabin at the lake and the beach house in Spain, along with a monthly alimony that enabled a worry-free lifestyle.
Mom living with her sister had turned out to be the perfect arrangement: They went to the movies or the theatre together a lot, took little excursions around the area or went on trips to Spain.
For Sarah this had meant a big change, of course. At first Mom, Sarah and he had even discussed if they should just sell the house. But then they had decided to keep it for as long as Sarah wanted to live there. 
Approximately two months after Mom had moved out, Sarah had suddenly had someone moving in with her: Andy – a guy she had been going out with at the time. Joe had never met him, but he remembered being kind of unpleasantly surprised. 
Then, only six weeks later he had heard that Andy had moved out again. Or Sarah had kicked him out. He wasn’t entirely sure. All he knew was that there seemed to have been some kind of a problem and Jack had helped.
 “I’ve got lots of space now,” Sarah had jokingly told him several times afterwards. “So, if you want to move back in with me… Your room’s still there. We didn’t change anything…” 
He had always laughed when she’d mentioned it. Even though there had been times when he hadn’t felt like laughing at all. Sometimes returning to that house and hiding in his old room had seemed so tempting that it had almost hurt. But he couldn’t tell Sarah that. Not then. Not when he was still struggling to keep up appearances that he was ever so happy with Liz and that he had made the right choice.
Well, things had changed… 
He was on his way to stay with Sarah now.
Tuesday Evening
D returned home after work and a quick stop at the supermarket, feeling almost a little lightheaded. 
Harry had called her around noon, sounding really pleased that she was interested in transferring to London after all and saying that he still thought June and her over there would be perfect.
Her mind still whirling with this telephone conversation and the upcoming trip to London, she felt a spontaneous urge to tell Sarah about it. 
She already had pulled out her phone and scrolled to Sarah’s name, when it dawned on her that Sarah might be busy. 
When had Sarah said her brother was coming in exactly? Tuesday afternoon or Tuesday night? She wasn’t sure anymore. Maybe Sarah hadn’t even been so specific about the time. It couldn’t be ruled out, though, that he was already there...
Irritated, that just thinking about this caused her throat to tighten, D drew in a deep breath. If just imagining him in the same town had this effect, what would it be like tomorrow, when she had to actually see him in person? She better get her act together! 
Briefly she considered calling Robert instead of Sarah. He’d surely be pleased about the London news. At the same time, he’d probably also try to give her some more ‘good and valuable’ advice for the grill party tomorrow. She really didn’t wanted to hear that.
~~~
Contrary to what D assumed, Joe was still on his way from Munich to Innsbruck. 
In addition to the delayed flight there had also been an accident on the Autobahn, resulting in a massive traffic jam. 
He had tried to call Sarah as soon as he ran into the ocean of brake lights, but she hadn’t picked up.
Now he was just trying to weave his way through to the next exit and get off the Autobahn when a call came in. Out of a reflex he accepted the call with a tap on the button on the steering wheel, assuming that it could only be Sarah calling him back.
But then it wasn’t Sarah.
“Hi…” there was a hint of shyness in Liz’s voice.
“Hi,” he said coldly while cursing himself for not having checked before picking up.
“So, you finally got your phone turned on again…” It sounded like an accusation.
“You just got lucky, that’s all,” Joe retorted.
“Wow, aren’t you Mr. Charming!”
Grinding his teeth he shook his head to himself.
“What do you want, Liz?”
“What do I want?” It sounded as if he had asked a question that should answer itself. “I wanted to see if you’ve actually come to your senses again!”
“I wasn’t aware I’d ever lost my senses.”
“Oh, come on. That scene you made last Saturday… Even you must see by now…”
Joe felt the heat creep up his neck. “See what?”
“Well, sorry, but you can’t be serious!” She sounded a bit shrill now. “You just pack your stuff and take off? And that’s it?”
His left hand cramped around the steering wheel, he could feel a ball of anger building up in the pit of his stomach. Was she seriously still pretending to herself that it was all just some silly bluff on his side?
“I know you were angry,” she said generously. “The thing with your hand and – yeah, I know I started that fight after when you came back from your trip, but… I mean, you can’t just leave!” She let out a hysterical, little laugh.
Chewing on his lower lip, Joe was trying to keep the anger from boiling over.
“You have to come back here!” she urged, “We need to work this out!”
“There’s nothing left to work out, Liz! I’m out of it. That’s it!”
“Honey, please…” Now there was a trace of panic.
He cringed at hearing her call him Honey. She must have guessed it.
“Joe… Please, come back!” She sounded close to tears now, and Joe concluded that they must be entering the sobbing phase now. He could only hope his protective shield would hold or he would just have to hang up. Thinking about it, hanging up might be a good idea in any event. But then he would just have to deal with it all some other time, of course.
“Listen, Liz…” He was struggling to keep his voice from trembling. “I’m on my way to Sarah’s, I’m tired, I’m hungry and I’m really not in the mood for this now. You know exactly why I left. This is not just about my hand!”
“We can start over…” she said frantically. “You forgive me, I forgive you and we’ll be alright! Just come back home, okay? I promise, I…”
Joe scoffed.
“We both screwed up,” she insisted. 
“Where did I screw up exactly?” he asked sharpy. “Tell me. Come on, Liz! I really want to know! I mean, yeah, you can hold against me that I wasn’t around much lately, but you know perfectly well that there were a few good reasons for that.”
“Yeah, yeah, you got your reasons!” she blasted, her voice choked. “But guess what: I had my reasons too!”
“Oh, I don’t doubt that one second.” 
“They made me feel great,” she hissed. “Fantastic! I’m glad I did it! And Bob was the best I’ve ever had!”
“Good for you!” he cheered. “Glad you found someone. Did he like your stupid games? Huh? And what a great choice, Liz! I just hope for you that Linda never finds out. You could probably kiss your job goodbye if she did.”
“Are you threatening me?”
It took him a moment to understand what she meant. 
“No, don’t worry!” He couldn’t help laughing. “I do think it’s kind of funny, though. I mean… you were so eager to tell me all about this and now you’re scared I might share your secret with his wife? It is a bit ironic, don’t you think?” He let out another little chuckle just to tick her off. Somehow the sarcasm sometimes helped him, and made him seem cool when he really wasn’t. He wasn’t cool about this and he wouldn’t be in a hundred years.
“Well, sorry,” she blasted. “I happen to have my needs too, and since you were gone all the time and even when you were home–”
“Oh, no, don’t apologize!” Joe mocked, trying hard not to let this conversation distract him from what was going on on the road. “I totally understand. Of course you have your needs.”
“Oh, come on,” she yelled. “Don’t tell me that on all your little trips you didn’t fuck around yourself.”
Joe couldn’t help letting out a coughing, bitter laugh. “Here we go again! Just because you keep repeating this won’t make it true. But believe what you want, I don’t give a shit.”
“Well, don’t tell me that you didn’t. Not even once.”
“Not while we were together, no!” he said sharply. “I had plenty of drama in my life with just you, and adding another woman to that would have just been a bit much. It did get pretty close once, yeah, but I didn’t do it. Sorry! I know it’s against everything you believe. But if it helps, Liz, I actually did sleep with someone this weekend in Amsterdam.”
For a moment there was an eerie silence on the other end.
“Well, good for you!” she scathed then, “I hear Amsterdam is just full of little sluts… I just hope it didn’t cost too much and you didn’t catch anything!”
Joe scoffed. “Thanks so much for your concern! But you really don’t have to worry! I do know how to use protection, remember? And as for the girl, I’ve actually known her for a while and she’s great. Great personality, great body! Yeah and the sex – what was the word you used earlier?… Fantastic!”
“Go to hell!” Liz yelled.
“I think I’ve already been there!”
“You asshole!”
He laughed.
“Well, you know what I will do?” she snarled.
“No, please tell me,” he whispered with fake suspense.
“Since I’m so free now and there’s a party at the gallery tonight…”
“Let me guess,” Joe interrupted, “You’ll go there, get drunk and take the artist home, or Bob if he can get away from his wife…”
There was another moment of silence from her now. He expected her to yell obscenities next. But then all he heard was a soft sobbing.
He swallowed. It wasn’t like he wasn’t used to the abrupt changes in direction and mood by now, but somehow it still threw him off.
He tried to concentrate on the road. It was still busy and there was an extremely unpredictable driver right in front of him, changing speeds like Liz changed moods.
“But I don’t want them!” She screamed like a little child whose favorite doll had just been snatched away by an evil aunt. “I want you! I love you. You can’t just dump me like this.”
“Liz, please…” He struggled for a softer tone. “I didn’t dump you. We just don’t work, okay? And now… you need to calm down! Really!”
“I can change, Honey, please… – I need you!”
Joe bit down on his lip, exhaling sharply. 
“Liz, now listen…” Surprisingly his voice still sounded halfway steady. “I know you don’t want to hear it, but you really need to get a grip on this. Get help. Go and see a doctor or whatever. You have some kind of problem and not even a fantastic guy like Bob’s going to put up with that.”
“I’m not a lunatic!” she yelled.
“I didn’t say that. But you need to get it under control! Not for me, but for yourself! Do you hear me?”
“Oh, aren’t you so…”
“And you need to stop drinking…” he interrupted her. “And for God’s sake, stop playing with those pills!”
He heard her inhale, probably getting ready to scream or sob or whatever. But he just didn’t think he could take another round. So he hung up and turned off the phone. He also turned off the radio and opened the window a little to let some cool air in. 
Lasagna Dinner
Sarah glanced up from her plate. Across the table Joe had just finished a huge piece of lasagna in no time and was leaning back in his chair smiling at her.
“That was really good!” he said. “I was starving.”
Sarah couldn’t help laughing. “Do you want another piece?”
He thought about it for a moment and then nodded. “Yeah, why not?”
Sarah watched him walk over to the stove, her gaze dropping to his braced right hand. She had first noticed it when he had given her a hug and it had felt weird against her back.
“What’s wrong with your hand?” she had asked.
He had shrugged. “Broke two fingers.”
Before she could ask any further questions he had headed towards the kitchen and told her how good it smelled.

The lasagna had turned out great. It didn’t look exactly pretty after it had been in the oven a bit longer than planned, but it surely tasted good.
Sarah finished her own piece and put down the fork just as Joe returned with his second piece.
“I still can’t believe you’re actually really here!” she said leaning back in her chair.
He smiled. “Took long enough anyway. Crazy trip today. But it’s really good to be here!”
“Yeah… Now I just have to get used to having you here all to myself…” She knew that this was kind of a blunt way of trying to find out why he was here by himself. “The last time was probably when we were both still studying and Mom and Dad were on vacation.”
“I guess,” he said vaguely, his gaze on his plate.
Watching him, Sarah realized that he looked exhausted. He had fortunately given up the ultra-short-haircut-plus-beard look he had shocked them with at the funeral. He actually looked a lot like he had used to, only much more exhausted. She probably shouldn’t expect him to give her a full report of what was going on in his life right now.
He looked up at her. “When’s Mom coming back from Spain?” he asked.
“Next Tuesday,” she said. “If she had known earlier that you’d be coming, she probably wouldn’t have gone at all, but since they’d already booked that trip and since you said you’d stay longer than the reunion…”
He nodded. “Yeah, maybe I’ll try to get together with her next Wednesday then.”
“How long can you stay?” Sarah asked cautiously.
He met her eyes. “How long can you take it?”
“That depends on how you behave,” she said, trying for a joking tone. 
“Oh, I think I’m a relatively uncomplicated house guest.” he shrugged.
“Then you can stay as long as you want…”
“Thanks…” 
The silence that followed while he was finishing his food made Sarah aware of all the elephants in the room. 
“What?” He looked up at her again with a little frown. “Are you trying to read my mind and diagnose all the things that are wrong with me now?”
“Why would you say that?” Sarah retorted, feeling slightly irritated that he seemed to see straight through her.
“I know that look,” he laughed. “You definitely got that from Mom. But on you it looks even more investigative…“
“Well…” For a moment there Sarah was scrambling for words. “It’s just… You look tired…”
He nodded. “I am tired.” 
“Just from the trip?” She was eying him cautiously.
He slowly shook his head. “Nope. But I’m too tired right now to tell you all the reasons why I’m tired.”
“I’ll have mercy on you tonight then,” Sarah smiled.
“Good. So we can do the interrogation some other time?” 
“I’m not that bad!” she grumbled, “and seems like you’re not denying that there are reasons for an interrogation.”
“No, I’m not denying that. Just not now, okay?”
“Understood. You can’t escape me, though!” She gave him a triumphant look.
With a weak chuckle he nodded. “Yeah, I was afraid you’d say that!”

A few minutes later they put the dishes into the dishwasher, got some tiramisu and ate it in the living room, both stretched out on the L-shaped sofa, each of them leaning against one of the armrests, their toes almost touching in the corner.
“So, what’s going on with you?” Joe asked.
“Oh, not that much. Just work and hanging out with friends.”
“Can’t wait to see Jack,” he said. “Was organizing this get-together his idea then?”
“Yeah. Jack’s and Rick’s. It just seemed like the right time, and then it sort of fell into place perfectly. With the location and everyone having time that weekend – unexpectedly even you…”
He nodded, looking a bit absent-minded. 
“So, what’s everybody been up to?” he asked, his eyes on the dessert plate. “Anything I need to know before I throw myself in there tomorrow?”
Sarah gave him a quick look. “I don’t know. Well, I guess you’re a bit out of the loop…” 
So she started bringing him up to date. 
About Tony and his girlfriend and their four-month old baby. They had almost split up over the unplanned pregnancy, but seemed happy now. 
She told him about Rick and how he was starting to take over his Dad’s doctor’s practice, and about Jack who had recently moved into a new place. She mentioned that Carey had just gotten a divorce after only two years of marriage and that Sun was still the same carefree party girl as she had always been. Finally she told him that Anja had gotten married a year and a half ago and that the grill party was going to be at the place she and her husband, Gerry, had been fixing up. 
Joe nodded, balancing his fork on the rim of his empty plate. “So, tomorrow night,” he said without looking up, “everybody’s coming then?” 
“Except for me, yes.”
“Ah, right…Sorry. “ Now he looked embarrassed. After all, she had already told him that she had to work.
She shrugged. “At least I’ve got the weekend off… And the hotel looks really nice!”
Joe nodded.
“Belongs to Rick’s cousin or some other relative,” she said. “That’s why the price is so reasonable. Pretty spendy normally. Conference rooms, spa area, right on the lake…” She caught herself before she could babble on about how D had been quite excited about the lake-part. 
She wasn’t really sure what effect her mentioning D in this conversation would have on her brother, but she didn’t necessarily want to try. 
“So, Jack and I are sharing a room…” Joe said, glancing towards a lamp across the room.
Sarah nodded. “Yep. Like in old times…” 
She was well-aware that this was not entirely correct. The times when he had shared rooms with Jack on trips had ended when he had started sharing his bed with D.
“That’s great,” he said almost a bit too cheerfully. “And you?”
Sarah faltered. Okay. What now? There was no way to avoid mentioning D now, was there? Or was this maybe his way of asking about her? 
“Me?” she finally said. “Now, what do you think? Who would I be sharing a room with?”
He blinked a little more than necessary but held her gaze, obviously realizing now that she wouldn’t make this easy for him.
“Well, what do you think?” Sarah repeated, giving him a challenging look.
With a little irritated shake of his head he exhaled and looked away.
Sarah decided that she would just skip the answer.
For a moment no one said anything.
Joe was shifting the fork around on the plate he was holding in his lap.
“How is she?” he finally asked without looking up.
“Good,” Sarah said with shrug. ”She’s good.”
There was another short pause with both of them avoiding eye contact.
“I’m glad that you’re still friends…” he said, still staring at his plate. “At least I didn’t wreck that…“
Sarah didn’t quite know how to respond to this. But then again, he probably wasn’t really waiting for a response anyway.
Silence again.
“Is she …” He broke off and cleared his throat. “Is she going to be at the grill party?”
“Why?” Sarah asked. “Are you scared now?”
Giving her an exasperated look, he shook his head. “Ha…Ha…Ha!” 
“Well, sorry!“ Sarah said defensively. “Yeah, she’s probably going to be there. Unless she’s changed her mind after hearing that you will be coming.”
“Okay,” Joe said flatly. “Does she still hate me then, I gather?”
Sarah frowned. Was this a serious question?
“I don’t know if she still hates you,” she said with slight irritation. “Probably. I would definitely hate you!”
With a shake of his head and a humorless laugh he dropped his gaze.
“Anyway… ” Sarah was scrambling to end the topic now - for the sake of them both. “I don’t know for sure if or how much she hates you. D and I usually don’t talk about you. It’s not very good for a friendship, if you know what I mean. But I told her that you’re coming. Pretty much had to.”
“Yeah, yeah, I get it…” Joe said. “Is… what’s-his-face coming too?”
Sarah squinted. “Who?” 
“Pete…” Joe growled, shooting her an irritated look as if he suspected her of playing dumb on purpose. “Is Peeeete going to be at the party as well?”
Sarah shook her head. “No,” she said, “Why would he be at that? He was never even part of that group. Besides, they kind of broke up...”
Joe gave her a puzzled look. But then he didn’t ask what kind of was supposed to mean in this context. And Sarah, for her part, was glad he didn’t, because she was feeling increasingly uncomfortable having this conversation with him. 
She had actually just realized that her not being able to attend the party tomorrow had one significant upside: she wouldn’t be around when her best friend and her brother would have to figure out how to best deal with each other for the coming days. There were probably still going to be plenty of weird moments at the weekend, but, hopefully, the worst would be over by then. She had no desire whatsoever to get caught in the middle ever again!
She saw Joe glance at his watch. 
“You should go to bed,” she said, giving him an encouraging smile, “and I think I will, too.”
With a little nod he got up from the sofa and stretched.
“The food was great. Really!” He seemed to be suppressing a yawn. “And thanks for the update.” He reached out and gave her shoulder a little rub. “And for letting me come. It’s so nice to be  back h– here.”
Sarah squinted. Had he just almost said home? She reached for his hand that was still lying on her shoulder and gave it a gentle squeeze. “I’m glad you came!” she said with a smile.
About Mom – and Dad…
Joe let out a relieved breath when he heard the front door close and Sarah was gone – off to work. It was close to four o’clock.
Eating the rest of his apple, he absent-mindedly flipped through a magazine. The conversation Sarah and he had had this morning and that had dragged on until half an hour ago was still whirling around in his head, mixed with the nagging feeling that he had let himself get carried away a bit. He had never wanted to tell Sarah about Dad’s affair.
He had come down from his room this morning, still a bit sleepy and determined to have some coffee before he told Sarah anything about Liz.
Sarah had already been up, having breakfast in the kitchen and checking e-mails on her phone. There had been one from Mom – from Spain – and she had read it to him.
“Sounds like they’re having a good time,” he said, relieved that she hadn’t jumped right on the Liz-topic, “I’m glad Mom’s getting out. Aunt Tess seems to be really good for her!”
“Yeah, I guess,” Sarah muttered, not sounding too enthusiastic.
“You don’t sound too happy about it,” he noted with some surprise.
“I am,” Sarah claimed, “Really! It’s just that sometimes I’m not so sure Aunt Tess has the best influence on her.”
He coughed. “You’re talking about Mom, right? Not some fourteen-year-old whose friend has persuaded her to smoke pot?”
“Yeah, just make fun of me!” Sarah retorted testily.
“Well, sorry…” he was struggling to keep a straight face. “What happened? Did Aunt Tess take her to a Chippendales show or something?
“Nooo,” Sarah growled, “but I think she’s trying to set Mom up with a guy that looks like a retired Chippendale.”
“Which guy is that?” he inquired.
“Their new neighbor,” Sarah said darkly, “Thomas or something. Spaniard. Latin lover type. I met him last month at Aunt Tess’ birthday dinner. I think he’s got the hots for Mom.”
“O-kay…”
“And Aunt Tess has already talked Mom into going out with him at least once that I know of,” Sarah carried on, “and then she keeps inviting him over…”
“Oh, my God,” Joe feigned shock.
“Just forget about it!” Sarah snapped angrily.
“Well, that’s pretty hard now that you brought it up…”
“Yeah, I’m already regretting that!”
“Too late now,” he chuckled. “So, what’s up with the hot Spaniard exactly?”
“Don’t call him that!”
“Sorry, but you kind of put that picture into my head,” he said innocently. “What’s he like? How old is he? Is he nice?”
“I don’t know him that well.” Sarah seemed a bit irritated. “Seems like he’s about her age. Has been married before, I think… And yeah, I guess he’s nice. That’s not the point, though.”
“Well, what’s the point then?”
“I don’t know. I just find it weird. Mom going out with some guy.”
“Oh, come on, Sarah. I mean, even if they hit it off… Just be happy for her, would you? Life’s short enough. Why shouldn’t she still have some fun?”
“Let me guess – with fun you mean sex, huh?”
“That’s your interpretation,” he shrugged, “but it’s not like it would be the first time our mother has ever had sex. You and I are living proof.”
“You’re just horrible!”
“Why am I horrible? If she wants to go out with the hot guy, let her. If she wants to have long, fruitful conversations with him, great. If she just wants to fall into bed with him, so be it. Let her be happy! I think it’s great that she’s not totally given up on that kind of stuff.”
“Well, don’t you find it at least a bit weird?”
“No. Why?”
“It’s just so… quick. Dad’s only passed away a little over a year ago… and Mom… I actually didn’t think she’d ever again… do that kind of stuff.”
“Neither did I, but I’d be very happy if she proved us both wrong.”
“Okay, I guess that’s one way of looking at it,” Sarah grumbled, her tone indicating that she didn’t necessarily agree with him.
He had meanwhile started heating up some water for a soft-boiled egg and pushed a piece of bread into the toaster. And when Sarah got up from the table now, put away her dishes and went upstairs to her room to get dressed, he was almost relieved because that meant the discussion was over.
So he thought.
They had agreed to go over to the cemetery later. Sarah really wanted him to go with her – to put a new candle on Dad’s gravesite together. 
And that’s where Sarah picked the topic back up again…
“It’s just so hard to believe that he’s just gone,” she said, as they stood at the grave.
“Yeah, I know,” he mumbled. Even today he didn’t feel a thing…
“I know you’ve always had your issues with him,” she said on the way back to the car, “and he’s not always been fair to you.”
“Oh, you don’t say…” He let out a humorless little laugh.
“No, I mean it,” Sarah insisted. “I know he could be a real pain in the butt. More with you than with me. Maybe because you were the son and therefore he probably projected all his dreams and stuff on you.”
“Yeah, maybe. Only that his dreams and expectations unfortunately didn’t quite match mine.”
They got into the car.
“You’ve always been much closer to Mom…” Sarah said as she pulled out of the parking lot.
“I guess…”
“Maybe that’s why you’re so much more thrilled about Mom moving on.”
“Is this about the hot Spaniard again?”
“Don’t call him that!”
“Tomaaas…” he corrected himself, trying for a Spanish pronunciation with a drawn out aaaa.
Sarah shrugged. “It just bugs me. I mean – while we were standing at his gravesite, I was kind of wondering how it would be if Dad was still alive and it was Mom lying there.”
Joe couldn’t quite follow. The thought of it made him cringe, though.
“I don’t want her to replace Dad with some…” Sarah suddenly seemed close to tears.
 “She’s not replacing Dad, for Christ’s sake!” He burst out.
“Well, not quite yet. But who knows…”
“Just wait and see, okay?”
“It’s just so hard to believe, because, you know, Mom and Dad have always seemed so perfect.”
“Hmmm…” he grumbled, biting his tongue.
“I don’t think, if Mom had passed away, Dad would have ever –”
“Yeah, right...” A sarcastic edge had crept into his tone.
“You don’t think so?”
“Sarah, just stop acting like Mom is doing something bad and Dad’s been some sort of saint!”
“I’m just saying that –” 
“And I’m just saying that Dad would have moved on too,” he interrupted her irritably.
“What makes you so sure about that?”
“I just know, okay?”
“Hah! How can you just say that?”
They had arrived in front of their house. Sarah had turned to him and was staring at him accusingly. He looked away.
“I know you don’t believe me,” he said slowly, “because he seemed like such a man of principles and moral standards. I was pretty impressed and intimidated by that myself.” 
He shifted his gaze back to her. “But then I realized that he was quite a hypocrite.” He suddenly knew that he had to tell her. Because otherwise he would always be the angry one in her eyes, the one being unfair to a dead man.
“What do you mean?” Sarah frowned at him. “How was he a hypocrite?”
He was still scrambling for the right way to phrase it when her tone became accusing again. “You’re still so mad at him, Joe! Sometimes I really don’t understand you!”
“I know he was a hypocrite because I’ve seen some things…” he retorted.
“Oh, really? And what’s that?” Sarah challenged. “Huh? What is it you’ve seen? Dad watching porn on the internet? Dad sexting to some beautiful stranger? Come on, tell me!” The way she said it showed that she still thought he was just being unfair.
“He had an affair,” he said as matter-of-factly as he could.
“What?” Sarah stared at him, squinting. There was disbelief in her tone. “Do you think that’s funny?” 
There was a short pause. 
“Joe!?!”
“No!” He shook his head. “I don’t think that’s funny. Never did. I’m dead serious.”
“You can’t be…” 
As he looked back at her, Joe saw her expression change from anger and disbelief to some sort of hesitant acceptance.
“How do you know?” she asked almost breathlessly.
“Because I walked into his office one night right when he was –”
“When he was what?” Sarah’s face had turned pale.
“He was screwing Patricia…” he said quietly.
Sarah stared back at him blankly.
“I’m sorry…” he said, really meaning it.
Sarah huffed out a breath and shook her head, her eyes trailing away from him.
“Crap!” 
“Yeah…” Joe nodded.
“When was that?” she asked without looking at him.
“A few months after my accident.”
“And you never said a word?” 
“What was I supposed to say?” He was starting to feel a bit helpless. “And who was I supposed to inform? Sorry, but I couldn’t have told you or Mom.”
“Did you talk to him at least? Make him stop?”
“I talked to him, alright. He sobbed and swore that it would never happen again. Did I believe him? I’m not sure.”
“Man…” Sarah rubbed her hands over her face. “That’s just… I can’t believe you kept this a secret until now.”
“Yeah, well…” He shrugged. “Anyway, maybe it was just a one-time thing, okay? I don’t know. He’s dead. And Mom’s alive. So, I want you to stop nagging about Mom going out with Thomas like she’s in the process of dishonoring Dad’s spotless memory. It wasn’t all that spotless.”

Finally, they got out of the car.
He headed up to his room and Sarah went to sit in the backyard.
When he came downstairs again an hour later to ask if he should warm up some lasagna for her too, she was sitting in a lawn chair, a book in her lap. He could tell that she was brooding about something, and it wasn’t hard to guess about what. So he quickly went to the kitchen to warm up lunch for both of them.
He came back outside with a tray and they sat down at the patio table to eat. That’s when the next round of their unpleasant conversation started.
“I’ve been thinking about what you said,” Sarah said slowly.
“O-kay.” 
“It kind of… well, you know how he died, right?”
Eyeing her cautiously, Joe frowned. “Just what you told me – or Mom.  He had a heart attack in his office and someone found him and called the ambulance.”
Sarah nodded gloomily. “It was late at night and the person who found him was Patricia.”
Joe swallowed as it dawned on him what she was indicating.
“Maybe I’m seeing ghosts,” Sarah said, her voice cracking, “but do you think they might have – you know – and he had a heart attack in the course of it?”
Blowing out some air with his lower lip sticking out, Joe looked back at her. It wasn’t all that far-fetched…
“I don’t know,” he said, “sounds like a storyline form a pretty bad movie.”
“Yeah, it really does.” Sarah let out a humorless laugh and shook her head. “God, Patricia… She’s lucky she’s moved far, far away.”
“Oh, has she?”
“Yes.”
For a little while they both just ate their food until Sarah picked up the conversation again. “You should have told me,” she said.
“I couldn’t.”
“But it screwed you up – keeping it to yourself!”
“A bit, yeah, I guess.”
“I know it did! A few months after your accident… I bet that was exactly the time when you were suddenly so irritable and grouchy and impossible that even D almost–” His expression turning hard made her swallow the rest of her sentence.

Sitting alone on the sofa now, Joe stretched and told himself that Sarah was an adult and that it was probably good that he had told her. It hadn’t been quite the conversation he had had planned to have with her today, but sometimes plans changed…
Potato Salad Preparations 
D got off work already around three. 
It was the start into a long weekend. She had taken Thursday off, and Friday was a public holiday and therefore off as well. 
On her way home she went by the bakery in her neighborhood and got two loaves of white bread that she had promised to bring for the party.
Jack was going to pick her and Sun up around five. She had plenty of time to get ready.
At home, she decided to quickly prepare the potato salad and then change into whatever she wanted to wear for tonight. Jack was going to pick her and Sun up in a little over an hour.

She had already boiled the potatoes and the eggs the previous night. Now all she still needed to do was slice them, add a few diced pickles, make a mayonnaise dressing and mix everything. 
While she was cutting up the potatoes and eggs, her thoughts wandered off, of course – to what lay ahead. 
There was no use denying that the prospect of an entire evening with Joe around was making her extremely uneasy. She could only hope that she would manage to get through it without any weird scenes or embarrassments. The master plan was to ignore him when she could, and to be indifferently friendly when she couldn’t ignore him. She better not mishandle this. Because – as Robert had pointed out – it would create a crappy situation for everyone.
She tasted the potato salad, added a little more salt and then tried it again. Finally declaring it finished, she covered it with foil and put it into the fridge.
The next forty-five minutes she spent slightly touching up her make-up and getting dressed for the party. She slipped in and out of a few different outfits and finally ended up wearing navy-colored linen pants, a white blouse-type shirt and sandals. She grabbed a blue sweater for when it got cooler in the evening.
She gave herself another glance into the mirror door of her armoire. This looked and felt fine. Without giving the impression that she had spent hours getting ready or that she was out to impress someone. Somehow, that seemed important for tonight.

Grill Party
Jack picked her up almost half an hour later than planned because there had been some problem with his car.
When she climbed into the backseat now, D was immensely relieved that he had picked Sun up first. This way, there was no danger of Jack and herself being alone in the car, struggling to avoid talking about the elephant in the room. Or – and that would be even worse – Jack not avoiding talking about it… 
Jack knew just as well as Sarah that she absolutely didn’t want to see Joe. In fact, Jack probably knew best, as he’d actually been there when everything had fallen apart. She could only hope that his concerned look wouldn’t follow her around all evening. 
In the passenger seat, Sun was talking about something funny her cat had done this morning. It made Jack laugh, and even D couldn’t help laughing. 
Sun was unique. She looked a bit like a not very tall film star: red flowing hair, amazing curves, slightly more make-up than necessary (but not enough to cover her funny freckles), low-cut summer dress, flat golden sandals and a toothpaste-commercial smile. And she seemed to almost always be in a sunny mood.
With Sun going on about her cat for a while, then about her new neighbors and finally about all the decisions she had to make regarding the purchase of a new car, the ride passed quickly and D thought that maybe her being so quiet and preoccupied hadn’t even been noticed. 
Her mind was racing around something that had only occurred to her a few minutes before leaving home: She had realized that there would surely be a lot of hugging and cheek-kissing for hello and goodbye tonight. She usually didn’t have any problem with that, but there was exactly one person at the party today, with whom she absolutely didn’t wish to have any form of physical contact! She just wasn’t sure how she would be able to avoid it without causing an awkward scene. 
When Jack turned into Anja’s and Gerry’s street now, D felt her anxiety increase a notch. Tensely rolling the top of the paper bag from the bakery between her fingers, she scanned the cars that were parked alongside the street. Some she didn’t know, of course, as they probably belonged to the neighbors, but she did recognize Carey’s Ford, Tony’s blue Kia and Rick’s VW SUV. 
With Jack parking right behind a sand-colored Volvo Cross Country now, D could feel her stomach drop. The Volvo had Munich license plates. This could only be Joe’s car.

While Sun got out of the car as soon as Jack turned off the engine, D was in no particular hurry to follow her to the house. She waited for Jack instead. 
Her salad bowl cradled in her arm and the bag with the bread dangling from her hand, she stood beside the car while he took the big cooler out of the trunk.
“You ready for this?” he asked with a glance over his shoulder.
“Guess I don’t have much of a choice,” D said drily, “but yeah, it’s fine! Don’t worry.”
Jack gave her an encouraging smile. “It’ll be okay, D,” he said and closed the trunk. “And if you want, I’ll try to get Joe to sit right next to me for dinner and you just make sure you sit as far away from us as possible.” 
D felt a little embarrassed by the suggestion. But then she just nodded. “Yeah. Sounds good. Thanks…”

At the front door Anja had just released Sun from a hug. “We were afraid the meat would never arrive!” she laughed with a glance towards Jack.
“Well, here it is!” He held up the cooler. “And we’ve got lots of it! My uncle went a bit overboard. I hope you didn’t just invite me because I bring the meat…”
“Well, who would want to put up with you without that?” D teased.
“I’ve got a lot of other qualities!”
“Oh, we know, we know!” Anja patted his shoulder and let him give her a kiss on the cheek. “Gerry and the guys have the grill all fired up. So, you can actually take the meat out to them right away…”
Jack disappeared into the house and D stepped up to Anja, giving her a one-armed hug.
“We have a table set up outside for all the salads,” Anja said, “You can probably put yours out there already. The barbecuing shouldn’t take them too long. Hopefully.”
D laughed. “You don’t trust them?”
“Well, I sure don’t trust Gerry,” Anja chuckled, “or Jack…”
“Yeah, that’s definitely not one of Jack’s many qualities,” D said and handed Anja the bag with the two loaves of white bread. “Can I give this to you for right now? I’ll just say Hello, drop off my salad and  then I’ll cut my bread.”

As Anja headed towards the kitchen with the bread, D took a few steps down the hallway – towards the living room from where she could hear voices and laughter. Drawing in a deep breath, she reminded herself that she needed to stay calm and composed here – at least on the outside. She absolutely needed to pull this off! 

“Hi, D!” Tony gave her a welcoming smile as she entered the living room. He and Carey were both sitting on the sofa and chatting with Sun, who was still standing beside the glass door that lead outside.
“Hi, how are you!” D managed to sound a lot more cheerful than she felt. Upon entry she had caught a glimpse through the window at the backyard. There, under the big oak tree, Jack was just setting the cooler down beside the three guys who seemed to be monitoring the grill: Gerry, Rick – and Joe. 
Giving Tony and Carey a smile while her stomach was still kind of twisted, D tried to pull herself together. Had she really thought she was prepared for this and it wouldn’t affect her? The way she could feel her pulse under her temples now seemed to prove her wrong! The fact that he looked exactly like she remembered him from when they had still been together, didn’t help at all. No beard, no short-cropped hair. 
“Did you not bring Kim?” she asked Tony.
Tony shook his head. “Na, we couldn’t find a babysitter for tonight. She’ll come with me on Friday, though.”
Beside him Carey and Sun were chatting about someone they had gone to school with.
“That’s good,” D said, smiling at Tony. “You two can probably really use a weekend alone – well, not that you’ll actually really be alone this weekend, but…”
Tony laughed. “No, but we can’t wait!”
“I haven’t seen Kim in a long time,” D said. “Last time must have been a month or so before the baby was born.”
Sun had just turned to head outside. “I’ll drop off my salad and say Hello to everyone…” she announced.
“What did you bring, D?” Tony nodded towards the salad bowl D was carrying. “Hopefully your potato salad?”
Laughing, D nodded. “I’d probably get kicked out if I brought anything else.”

After another minute of chatting with Carey and Tony, D finally turned to head outside as well. In the patio door she almost collided with Rick, who was storming in.
“Oh, sorry!” He stopped. “Hi, D!” He gave her a big hug despite the salad bowl in her arm and then continued his way to the kitchen to get something the grill masters desperately needed.
D stepped outside, carefully avoiding looking towards the oak tree. 
Gerry and Anja had a nice, big backyard. On the brick patio everything was already set up for the feast: To her right was a colorfully set table with seven chairs, and to her left was the buffet table Anja had mentioned. There were already several salad bowls and a stack of dinner plates. Beside it, a cooler held cold drinks.
D set her salad bowl down between the others, while registering from the corner of her eye how Sun was now joining the little group at the grill; giggling and hugging everyone. Rick had just returned with a big serving plate and a special fork. And Sun was hugging Joe.
D took the aluminum foil off her salad bowl and crumbled it into a little ball. How exactly was she planning to handle the greeting ceremony?
She glanced towards the oak tree and saw Jack give Joe a surprised look. “What happened to you?” 
Sun released Joe from an extended embrace and took his right hands in hers, her expression worried.  “Yeah, what happened to your hand?”
From where she was standing D didn’t have the best view of the hand in question, but it almost seemed as if there were some kind of a brace around it.
“Argh. That looks painful,” Sun moaned, still holding Joe’s hand.
“Stupid accident,” he said with a dismissive shake of is head and pulled the hand out of Sun’s. “Hopefully I’ll survive it.”
D wasn’t prepared for it when his eyes flickered over to her now.
“Hi, Danny,” he said with a short nod.
“Hi.” Her throat had gone dry as she found herself caught in his gaze, even if over this distance. Just like her, he seemed to have rehearsed a neutral friendly face.
She directed her gaze over to Gerry. 
“Hi Gerry,” she said, trying for a light and cheerful tone. “The table looks really nice.”
Gerry nodded. “Yeah, Anja did almost all of it. She had the day off. All I did was start the grill.”
Rick burst out laughing. “I could have sworn I saw Joe start the grill…”
“No, no,” Gerry claimed, “He was just assisting…”
D managed a half-hearted chuckle. “Hopefully, with so many assistants, the food will turn out alright.”
“You sound like you don’t trust us!” Jack complained.
As an answer D just laughed. After Jack had burned all the steaks the last time they had grilled, he should know why no one trusted him.
“I still need to cut my bread,” she said, glad that she had an excuse. On the way to the patio door she hung her purse over the chair that was located the furthest away from the one with Jack’s jacket on it.

In the kitchen Anja was standing at the island in the center, cutting some cucumbers for a salad. On the counter beside her, she had already put out a wooden cutting board, a knife and a breadbasket for D.
“We’re really lucky with the weather,” Anja said. “We did kind of have a Plan B to eat in the living room in case it rained, and it would have probably worked, but it would have been pretty crowded…”
“I’m sure it would have worked somehow,” D said confidently and put the first loaf of bread on the cutting board. “And it’s really great of you to let us have the party here! I mean – it’s a lot to prepare and set up.”
“We love to have parties!” Anja said. “That’s no sacrifice at all!”
As soon as D started cutting her bread, there were crumbs flying everywhere including the floor. She faltered, looking at the mess guitily.
“Don’t worry about it,” Anja said, “Gerry has just gotten us a new vacuum cleaner and he needs to test it anyway.”
“Well I’ll give him something to enjoy then!” D said gratefully and continued cutting.
A minute later, D had just started cutting her second loaf of bread, the kitchen door behind her flew open and someone came in. “Hi there…”
Recognizing Joe’s voice, D almost dropped her knife.
“I’ve been appointed to grill the steaks!” he informed them and stepped up to the island beside Anja.
“Thank God!” Anja threw out a hand. “I’m sure glad you’re doing it, because Gerry keeps burning my steaks. And Jack…” Instead of finishing her sentence she just rolled her eyes.
Joe laughed. “I just met your husband, so I can’t say anything about his grilling abilities. But as for Jack, I’d really have to agree. Experience has shown that, whatever great meat he gets from his uncle, he destroys it…”
He placed a small piece of paper on the counter and held it down with the elbow of the braced hand.
“So, how would you like your steaks?” he asked, while scribbling a crooked A and a shaky D on the paper with his left hand.
“I’d like mine done, but not too done,” Anja said.
Joe drew a d next to the A and added a little wavy line probably to remind him not to get the steak too done. Then he looked up again.
“Danny?” 
D had so far kept her eyes on the bread. Now her eyes darted up at him, and she had it on her tongue to tell him to stop calling her that. It just stung to hear him say it.
“Medium, right?” he asked. It was a normal harmless question, friendly even. Nothing wrong with it! She should have just said yes. He had often enough grilled for her, so what was the point? He would have gone and grilled, and no harm would have been done. 
But then it irritated her to no end how he behaved like a good old friend who knew exactly what she wanted.
“I don’t want a steak, thanks.” It came out a bit snappily.
Joe’s expression hardened. “You don’t want a steak?” He made it sound as if she had just requested the heart of the cow served on a bed of chocolate chips.
“No, thanks.” Her heart was pounding against her ribs violently.
“Would it make a difference…” he asked with a bit of sneer, his eyebrows raised at her, ”if Jack grilled it?”
D momentarily felt stunned.
“I’m sure Jack would do that for you, Danny,” Joe said acidly, “but I do think you’re much better off if I grill your steak, even if…” Instead of finishing his sentence, he shook his head and looked away.
“I don’t want a steak, thank you very much!” she insisted.
He coughed. “That’s just stupid and you know it!” He had already opened his mouth to add something else, but then he just shook his head again and walked out of the kitchen, leaving the door open behind him. It had probably been either that or slamming it shut.
With the sound of his footsteps fading, it became very quiet in the kitchen. 
D repositioned her hand on the bread and picked up the knife again, but there was no way she should handle a sharp object right now. Her hands weren’t steady at all, and she could feel Anja looking at her.
“Don’t say anything Anja, please,” she said without looking up. “I know this was childish…”
Anja laughed – a friendly, sympathetic laugh. 
“Maybe a little,” she said and went to close the kitchen door. “If I was in your place, I probably wouldn’t want a steak from him either. I might want him on the grill instead…” 
That made D laugh in spite of herself.
~~~
When Anja and D joined the others outside a few minutes later, Jack, Gerry and Joe were at the barbecue, while everybody else was chatting on the patio.
“The sausages are ready, and the steaks are almost done,” Joe announced from the grill and waved the grill tongs like a conductor. “You may want to get your drinks and your salad and sit down…”
“Do you want me to dish up some salad for you, Gerry?” Anja held up an empty plate and shot her husband a look across the backyard.
“Yeah, sure…” He nodded, “No noodle salad, though. No offense, Tony!”
D glanced at Jack, who was standing beside the grill, holding the big serving plate so Joe could put the sausages on it. 
“Jack, can I get you some salad as well?” she asked.
He looked over and nodded. “Yeah. That would be great, thanks! Just give me a little of each.”
“Joe…?” That was Sun at her sweetest. “Do you want me to prepare a salad plate for you?”
Briefly turning around, Joe shook his head. “No, thanks. I’d rather do it myself. I’m pretty picky…”

After getting salad for herself and Jack, D sat down.
Her chair was facing the house; the backyard and the grill were behind her. To her right, at the head of the table, Tony was just pulling his chair out, and to her left Carey and Rick were laughing about something. Anja and Gerry were sitting right across from her with the house wall behind them, and Sun was just plopping down on the chair between Gerry and the empty seat that either she or Jack had assigned to Joe.
 
“Ta Da!” Jack arrived with the big serving plate. The sausages looked and smelled really good, and everyone pounced at them like a hungry pack of wolves. 
It was only now that D realized how hungry she was. She hadn’t had much for lunch and only some chocolate in the afternoon. Now she almost wished she hadn’t acted like a stubborn, little child earlier and also ordered a steak like everybody else. Of course she would rather die than admit that.
From the grill behind her she could hear Joe announce that the steaks were done as well. The metal lid of the grill was closed and she could hear his footsteps approach on the gravel path.
To distract herself and ideally seem calm, she reached for a piece of bread and started buttering it. 
The footsteps came closer.
D kept buttering her bread. 
Joe stopped right behind her chair.
Feeling hot now, D quickly reached for another piece of bread and started buttering that as well.
“Okay. Here are the steaks,” he said. “Tony – one rare for you…”
From the corner of her eye D could see a really nice-looking steak (even if a little too bloody for her taste) being slid onto the plate Tony was holding up.
Still hovering right behind her, Joe continued delivering steaks to Rick and Carey before – to her relief – he wandered off towards Jack.
Once Jack and Sun had their steaks and he had placed one on his own plate as well, he came strolling back. And stopped right behind her chair again! She couldn’t see him and he wasn’t close enough to touch, of course, but just sensing him behind her was making her edgy. 
“Anja, done, but not too done…” he said, prompting Anja to hold up her plate and give her husband a challenging look. “You know how to do this now, Gerry?”
Gerry laughed and nodded, and let Joe give him a steak as well.
With the last steak just having been delivered, D started to relax. Now he’d finally disappear from behind her!
“Okay…” she heard him say, sounding even closer.  “I still got another medium here.” And then his arm appeared over her right shoulder and a steak landed on her plate.
D’s first impulse was to take the plate with the steak and fling it right back at him. Alternatively, she considered pushing her elbow back into whichever body part of his happened to be right behind her at that moment. But Joe, maybe anticipating a reaction like that, had already walked over to the salad bar.
Still a little dumbfounded D glanced up. From across the table Anja was giving her a wink and a smile. Yeah. Right. Now she had gotten a steak after all. There were definitely worse things that could happen…

As they started eating, conversations popped up around the table.
Beside D, Tony was taking about his little baby boy. It would have been an interesting enough subject, but she had serious trouble really focusing on it. She was kind of distracted - by things going on at the other end of the table. By Joe taking his seat, for example. He had come back from the salad table a minute ago with a giant portion of potato salad on his plate. Obviously he had decided not to retaliate her steak-rejection with a potato-salad-boycott. 
Now he was laughing out loud about something Jack must have said.
Stabbing some cucumbers on her plate, D tried to focus on something else. She really wished she could just zone him out.  But there seemed to be a confused, defective sensor in her brain that was tuned to him no matter what. And it wasn’t as if he were talking exceptionally loud or behaving weirdly. At least an objective onlooker would view it that way.
Annoyed with herself, D consciously steered her attention back to the conversations that were going on right around her. Beside her, Tony was just handing his mobile phone over to Anja, so she could look at a few pictures of the baby. The boy was about eight months old now, and it was good to see Tony so enthusiastic and proud. After all, Kim getting pregnant had been a real test for their relationship, with Tony almost taking a job abroad to flee the responsibility. It was thanks to friends’ interventions, that Kim and he had at least kept talking. And then, just before the baby had been born and at a time when everybody had more or less given up hope, they were suddenly back together.
“Kim looks good!” Anja said as she scrolled through the pictures.
“Yeah, she’s doing well,” Tony smiled. “It’s too bad her parents didn’t have time to babysit tonight, but I’ll bring her for the weekend.”
“Well, sounds like you’re happy!” Gerry said from across the table.
Tony nodded, looking embarrassed. “Yeah, after getting over the initial shock and after behaving like a jerk… It’s exhausting, but at the same time it’s so exciting and rewarding. I can actually recommend it now. In case you’re considering it for yourself.”
Anja faltered with a glance at Gerry. “Um, not right now, I think. Maybe in a few years?”
Gerry laughed and patted her back. “There’s no rush, don’t worry…”
After Anja was done with the photos she handed the phone over to D next. Halfheartedly scrolling through the images D noticed that the kid was really cute and Kim looked happy. Lots of pictured of the baby from all different angles. Then Tony and Kim with the baby. The baby laughing with spinach all over himself… 
When a series of pictures started that showed what must have been the baptism, with lots of family gathered around, D gave the phone back to Tony. Her attention had drifted off again anyway. 
Joe had gotten up and gotten himself another lemonade. She had registered it from the corner of her eye. And now that he was sitting down again, she could hear him tell Sun that she probably shouldn’t drink any more wine.
D continued eating, now listening to what Rick was saying about a concert he had been to recently. He went on to tell that his cousin had founded a band with some friends, and that they were playing some small unplugged sessions at clubs, doing cover versions of classics and also performing some things they had written themselves. 
“You should go and hear them sometime,” he said with a look around the table. ”They play at the Irish Pub every other Friday. They’re really pretty good.”
“Do you still play, Joe?” Sun asked. It was the thing that probably almost everyone around the table was wondering now. “It was always so cool when you had the guitar with you…”
D could feel her stomach twist as she remembered it: Joe playing the guitar – that one song - when they’d all been at the cabin for Rick’s birthday and no one had known yet that Joe and she were together…
Before she could stop herself her eyes had flickered over to him. He was looking at Sun with a baffled and clearly uncomfortable expression at first, but then he quickly put on a non-committal smile and shook his head. “Nope. I haven’t played forever.” 
There seemed to be some regret in his voice, but D couldn’t tell if it was real. 
“The guitar is still at the house, though,” he said, “but – well –  with this hand I can’t play anyway right now!” He raised his braced hand and shrugged. “You’re actually lucky I can still grill…” With this his gaze suddenly shifted to D, and he was looking straight at her. “I hope the steaks were alright!” His mouth was twitching as if he was barely suppressing a grin.
D quickly looked away, feeling uncomfortably hot. But everyone else, of course, assured him that the steaks had been perfect.

“What’s going on with you, Carey?” Anja asked from across the table.
It made Carey look up from her plate. “Oh, I’m okay,” she said. “Now that the divorce is through... It was pretty hard for a while, but now–” She paused for a moment, lost in thought. “Of course, we should have never gotten married in the first place. But when you’re young and stubborn and your Dad tells you that you absolutely can’t, then, I guess, you just have to. At least we didn’t have a kid. That would have been a real disaster.”
“Yeah, sometimes it’s like you don’t know a person until your everyday life with them starts,” Tony said. 
D was about to comment and totally agree with Tony when Sun’s exaggerated giggling from the other end of the table distracted her.
A quick glance over there showed that Sun was not just giggling in a somewhat silly way, she was also snuggling up to Joe, her hand on his shoulder and her face close to his ear so she could whisper something to him.
D pulled her gaze away from them and rearranged the fork and the knife on her plate so the handles were perfectly aligned.
The situation here was really starting to wear her out. She could pretend all she wanted that she didn’t care what he did, but she just couldn’t tune him out.
Across the table Anja was pushing back her chair and got up. 
“Can I help you take in some dishes?” D asked, suddenly seeing a ray of hope to get away from this table at least for a while.
“Oh, I’ll do it.” Anja motioned for her to stay seated. But then, obviously guessing the underlying motive, she smiled. “Or you can help me, sure!”
While Anja grabbed the tray from behind her and loaded it with the bottles of ketchup and mustard, the jars of chutney and mayonnaise, the salt and pepper shakers, D started collecting the plates. The silverware she laid on the big serving platter in the middle. 
After she had picked up all the plates from her side of the table she took the stack and walked over to Jack with it. 
She tried hard to ignore the how-are-you-doing? look he was giving her as she set the plates down beside him and reached for his.
“Hey D…” That was Sun.
D glanced over at her and tried to focus on Sun’s face rather than the overall picture of Sun’s hand still resting on Joe’s shoulder. 
Sun was looking back at her a bit dazedly. “Can’t you two make peace?” she asked while nudging her head at Joe.
D felt her mouth go dry. Reflexively her eyes darted from Sun to Joe. 
He was staring at Sun. Perplexed. His jaws tightly locked.
Then he very briefly shook his head as if to clear it. 
“You worry too much, Sun!” he said with a cheerfulness that didn’t quite conceal his irritation. “We’re perfectly peaceful!” 
And before Sun could respond in any way, he pushed back his chair and got up. He grabbed the silverware from his plate and Sun’s, put it with the rest of the knives and forks on the big platter and then picked up Sun’s plate and his.
“Sorry, but I think I need to get out of here for a moment,” he mumbled as he squeezed by behind Jack, the plates in hand. 
D quickly took a step back. Out of his way.
She watched him set the plates on the stack with the others.
Suddenly he turned to her and leaned closer. “Just ignore her, okay?” he said, keeping his voice down. 
D swallowed, feeling momentarily paralyzed by the close encounter. 
“She’s pretty drunk – obviously,” he added under his breath. Then he turned to the table and picked up the stack of plates. “I’ll take those in…” he said and walked off towards the patio door.  
D stared after him, stunned. 
Had he just left with the plates that she had collected mainly to get away from him? Her hands balled to fists she felt this urge to yell at him to bring back the plates this very minute. Idiotic, of course. She knew that well before Jack looked up at her with this look that seemed to tell her to please just let it go.
Grinding her teeth a bit, she shot a look around the table and decided that she should probably carry on clearing the table despite the fact that now she had a good chance of meeting Joe on the way to the kitchen. She would just have to ignore him.
She pulled the serving platter that had all the silverware on it towards herself, intending to carry it in like this. But then some knives almost slipped off just as she lifted the plate and she realized that, with her luck, half of the load would slide off with a loud bang somewhere along the way and Joe might come by in just the right moment to witness it all. He might even end up helping her pick everything up, which would make it all the more embarrassing. 
She decided to take the silverware in her two hands and carry it in like that. 
She had reached the patio door when Jack called after her. 
“Hey D…” 
 She came to a halt in the patio door and turned around. 
“Could you bring a few toothpicks when you come back?” Jack asked.
Still looking at him, she nodded. “Sure!” 
She continued her way inside without actually fully turning around again before taking the first step. It was then that she was almost thrown back because she bumped into something. Something relatively soft right in front of her.
Struggling not to lose her balance she almost dropped her silverware. 
She had collided with Joe who had obviously been on his way out. 
He looked at her, perplexed. “Shit – I’m sorry…” 
“No, I’m sorry,” D stammered. “Was my fault!”
Something in the way he held his braced hand against his side caught her eye. 
“Did I get your hand?” She wished she hadn’t, but she was almost certain that she had. And it had probably hurt.
“Don’t worry about it.” He shook his head.
“I… I wasn’t looking…” She suddenly wished that she could just sink into the ground right here. “Sorry.”
“I wasn’t looking either, so…” He shrugged. “And you actually can’t do much additional damage there anyway.” A crooked smile appeared on his face.
Caught in his gaze, D felt the full impact of how familiar his face still was. How many times had she gotten totally lost in those eyes?
”I guess I’m lucky you didn’t stab me with all those knives,” Joe said, slightly amused, “or the forks…”
D glanced down where all the sharp objects were still pointed right at him. She corrected that quickly.
“Would have made me look like a voodoo doll,” he laughed.
Despite of herself, D felt a laugh creeping up on her. But then that laugh got stuck somewhere in her throat because standing here, laughing with him like good old friends just wouldn’t have worked.
This realization must have somehow been visible in her expression as well. It made Joe’s face turn exasperated. 
Defensively raising his hands, he shook his head. “Oh, come on, Danny, can’t we at least…”
“Stop calling me that!”
It was out before she could stop herself. 
Uncensored. 
Angry. 
Mean. 
The moment she heard herself say it, she wished she could take it back. But it was too late.
His expression had turned hard. His lips pressed together in a thin line, he scoffed. “Great. I’m glad we got that part clarified.”
D stared at him, her own heartbeat echoing deafeningly in her ears. 
“Danielle,” Joe said, dragging the name out with a bitter edge. “I guess I’ll get used to it.” He shrugged. “Just do me a favor, though, don’t start calling me Joseph.”
For a moment there, D thought she couldn’t breathe. She tried to hold his gaze, but she couldn’t. So she dropped her eyes to the floor again and waited for this moment from hell to pass.
“You know,” she heard him say in a scathing tone, “that’s already been the second really stupid thing I’ve heard from you in less than two hours, Dann– …whatever!” With a dismissive wave of his braced hand, he turned on his heel.
“Don’t you dare call me stupid!” she hissed after him. “I didn’t want a steak!”
“No one said you are stupid,” Joe retorted over his shoulder. “And you didn’t have to eat that steak!”
He had already reached the door to the patio when he suddenly stopped and turned around again. “Oh, my…” he said with mock concern, his good hand pressed against his chest. “I sure hope you didn’t just choke down that steak so you wouldn’t hurt my feelings!”
With that, he was out the door.
Staring down at the silverware in her hands, D tried to keep the trembling under control. She couldn’t drop the silverware now! And it was unfortunately too late to throw it!
Trying to pull herself together, she slowly walked to the kitchen.  She was feeling shaky, exhausted – and stupid. She had really behaved like an idiot. The second time already this evening. And that was exactly what Joe had just pointed out. 
In the kitchen Anja was putting two ice cream containers and some cookies on a tray. She looked up and smiled as D came in. 
D smiled back, trying hard to conceal her ruffled emotional state.
“Too bad Sarah couldn’t get the evening off,” Anja said while D put the silverware into the dishwasher. “It would have been nice to have everyone together. But it’s great that at least during the weekend it’ll work out. And the weather looks good.”
D kept herself from dropping a scathing remark about how much she would have preferred having Sarah here this evening instead of her brother. 
“The hotel seems really nice,” she said instead. “I’ve never been there, but Pete’s parents spent a weekend there last year and they really liked it.”
“Yeah, it really sounds great,” Anja said. “And the price Rick’s cousin made us sure is unbeatable. Pays off to have one friend with a butchery uncle and one with a hotel manager cousin…” She laughed. “Rick said earlier that for the first evening he’s got a little conference room reserved with a projector, so we can look at the pictures and films.”
“Great,” D nodded, struggling to sound enthusiastic. The concept of having to look at old pictures was actually starting to seem like a looming nightmare. “I’m really looking forward to the lake,” she said. “I’ve always wanted to be able to just step outside and swim.”
Anja laughed. “Yes, I think you can definitely do that there. I’m not much of a swimmer myself, but just having the lake there to look at sounds neat. And I guess there’s plenty to do. I think Rick has already got a whole list of ideas. Hiking, playing minigolf…”

When they returned outside it was getting dark and the candles on the table were lit.
They ate their ice cream and D tried to participate in the chatter that was going on, by uttering an interested Ah!, Oh!, Really? or I know! every once in a while. At the same time the scene from the living room kept playing over and over in her head, making her stomach clench each time. There were so many should-haves and could-haves that were popping up and driving her crazy.
If her goal for the evening had been to smoothly float through it and displaying an indifferent neutral-friendly attitude towards Joe, she had failed. Horribly.
“Hey D,” Anja suddenly pulled her out of her haze. “Didn’t you and Pete take a trip to Lisbon last year?”
“Lisbon…” It took her a moment to redirect her thoughts. “Yeah, we went there last June. Why?”
“Gerry and I’ve gotten tickets from my parents,” Anja said. “For November. Any tips? Restaurants, sights, secret places…?”
With some horror D remembered this trip with Pete. It had been a disaster. But that had nothing to do with Lisbon. 
Lisbon was a beautiful city and there were a lot of fun things to do – providing the travel companions shared the same interests, which Pete and she had not.
She tried to focus on tips for Anja rather than unpleasant memories, and finally started talking about the café with a view of the Vasco da Gama bridge and the great fish restaurant at the river delta. (The one where Pete had behaved like an absolute prick and almost brought the poor waitress to tears.) 
Once she got started, ideas of neat things to do and see in Lisbon just came bubbling out. So many, in fact, that Anja went inside to get a notepad to write things down.
Just as Anja came back to the table, Gerry got up and told her that he and Joe were heading upstairs for a while to see if Joe could help him with the computer trouble they had been having. 
D felt a lot more at ease after this. 
With Joe gone, it almost seemed as if it were easier to breathe. Definitely easier to concentrate.
She told Anja about another great restaurant - a pretty place with outstanding food. (Pete and she had had a fight on the way there. He had suggested again that she should just quit her job, move to his town and in with him and take a job with his uncle’s company. She had rejected the idea. He had pointed out that her unwillingness to make compromises was ruining their relationship. They had spent the entire meal in tense silence, and the remaining two days of the trip had been horrible. She had literally been counting the hours until she would be at home and by herself again.)
Once D ran out of ideas of what to tell Anja, they started talking about other things. Tony, Carey and Rick got involved as well, and Jack moved to Gerry’s chair because he felt somewhat left out at his end of the table with Joe gone and Sun dazedly staring into space.

Around eleven Tony, Rick and Carey decided that it was time for them to leave, Anja went inside with them to see them off and Jack, Sun and D stayed behind on the patio.
“Do you want to leave too?” Jack asked with a questioning look across the table at D.
“Yeah,” she said barely suppressing a yawn, “And maybe we can even make it before you-know-who returns.”
Jack let out a laugh. “Oh, you’re so bad!”
His outburst shook Sun back to life. “What?” She blinked confusedly.
“Oh, nothing,” Jack assured her, “Everything’s perfectly peaceful… And we should get going pretty soon.”

Ten minutes later D dropped into the passenger seat of Jack’s car.
She felt really relieved that they had been able to leave before Joe had reappeared from upstairs. She was going to use the next 36 hours to come up with a fail-safe strategy how to avoid the mistakes on the weekend that she had made around Joe tonight. Just thinking about them made her cringe.
After Tony, Carey and Rick had left, Jack and she had quickly helped Anja carrying stuff inside from the patio and then motivated Sun to raise from her chair. 
“I’m sorry I’m so useless…” she had mumbled as Jack had pulled her up. “I’m afraid I may have had too much to drink…”
Now Sun was already dozing off in the back seat while Jack was fastening his seatbelt. 
He shot D a quick look. “She’ll never change,” he whispered with nod towards the back, “As sweet as she is when she’s sober, she’s really making a fool of herself when she’s drunk like that!” 
He put the key into the ignition and turned it. 
The car made a funny noise, but didn’t start. Unimpressed and probably used to that kind of thing, he just tried it again. 
And again. 
And again. 
And again…
D’s heart was sinking with every new attempt.
Finally Jack slammed his hands on the steering wheel. “Crap!!!! You fucking piece of shit!”
D swallowed. They wouldn’t be going home in Jack’s car, that was for sure. 
“You’ll probably hate me for this,” Jack said and released his seatbelt. 
Wrong Chauffeur
Through the side mirror D could see Jack come out of the house again a few minutes later. With Joe, who was just pulling a sweater on as he was approaching the car. 
D growled to herself. How much bad luck could she possibly have in one single day?
The trunk of the car was being opened and being shut again, then Joe walked by with Jack’s cooler.
“What’s wrong?” Sun muttered wearily from the back seat. 
“Car doesn’t start,” D said flatly.
Jack opened Sun’s door. 
“Come on, Sun,” he said, offering her his hand again. “Change of plans. Joe’s going to take us home.” 
Slowly and clumsily and with some assistance from Jack, Sun started to climb out of the car and grab her sweater and her bag with the salad bowl from the back seat. It took her two attempts to shut her door. Then, with unsteady steps, she headed towards the Volvo.
Taking a deep breath, D got out too.
“I’m really sorry!” Jack whispered as he caught up with her.
“It’s okay,” she mumbled, “Just don’t offer me the front seat, okay?”

When they reached Joe’s car, he and Sun had already gotten in. 
D was relieved that Sun had chosen the back seat on the driver’s side. This way she’d be able to sit behind Jack and hopefully be out of the view range of the rearview mirror. She had already had more than enough unpleasant eye contact with Joe for tonight. There was no need for any more, not even via a rearview mirror.
She settled in her seat, her purse in her lap and the salad bowl on the floor between her feet. Then she tried to relax or appear relaxed at least. 
From the corner of her eye she could see Joe take a case out of the middle console, pull out glasses and put them on.
Seeing him do that suddenly brought back all kinds of memories. For as long as she had known him he had always put on his glasses at the movies and when he was driving. It felt weird to remember this now, and she really didn’t want to remember it either. Stubbornly she turned and looked out the side window.
Suddenly an annoying beeping noise came on.
“Sun, you need to use your seatbelt,” Joe said over his shoulder and turned the car off again. The annoying noise stopped.
“Sun!” He shot an irritated look through the rearview mirror, but Sun still hadn’t as much as opened her eyes. She was peacefully dozing in her seat.
“Come on, Suuuuun!” Now Jack reached back with his hand to give Sun a little push against her knee. “Buckle up for Christ’s sake!”
“Stop that!” Sun moved her legs out of his reach.
“I’ll do it,” D said and released her own seatbelt. She scooted over to the center seat and reached across Sun to pull her seatbelt out. She couldn’t help noticing the smell of alcohol and the impressive view that Sun’s low-cut dress offered to anyone who cared to look from the right angle. A guy would have to be blind to miss that…

With Sun finally safely buckled up, they took off.
D tried hard to concentrate on the view outside her window. Shadows of houses, trees and fences were flashing by. With the radio being turned on, she could only hear bits and pieces of the conversation that was going on in the front – Jack apologizing for making Joe drive such a detour; Joe saying that it was no problem at all; the two of them discussing what could be wrong with Jack’s car; Joe offering to take Jack back the next morning, so they could try and fix the car… 
D turned away from the window and glanced over at Sun. She seemed to be sound asleep. 
Biting down on her lower lip, D slowly let her gaze wander towards the front. Since Joe had to keep his eyes on the road and the rest of his attention was focused on Jack, this seemed like a good time to have a closer look at him… 
He was wearing jeans and a navy blue cotton sweater with narrow white stripes over the blue T-shirt she had seen him in earlier. The glasses looked a little different than she remembered them and the haircut had changed a bit too. All in all, he didn’t look much different than he had three or four years ago – just a little more mature, maybe.
She had actually always liked his style: cool, but classy, without any ambition to show off anything really expensive. (Maybe that’s why it had been so hard to get used to Pete’s constant struggle to show off what he had. Including her.)
She turned back to her window, feeling edgy. This was not a healthy environment at all. She couldn’t wait to get out of this car! 
When they passed the sign to the Autobahn around town now and Joe turned on the blinker and changed lanes, she realized that he was going to take Jack home first. She had kind of hoped he’d feel so uncomfortable transporting her, that he would drive straight to her place and drop her off. Obviously, that wasn’t going to happen! 
It did make sense to take Jack home first, of course, and then, on the way to Sarah’s, go by her place and Sun’s. She could only hope it would happen in that order: first her, then Sun… But she probably didn’t really have to worry about that. He couldn’t want to be alone in a car with her any more than she did with him! 
She glanced at him again, her gaze drifting off towards his hands.
His left hand was firmly wrapped around the steering wheel; the right hand was idly resting on his thigh. There was no ring on either hand – whatever that proved. 
She gave the brace around the right hand a closer look. It seemed to be designed to stabilize the middle finger and the ring finger while the rest of the hand was free to move. The supported fingers looked a bit swollen. 
She looked away, trying to ignore the little sting of guilt and discomfort that the memory of the collision in Anja’s living room had just caused.

After a twenty minute ride they reached Jack’s apartment building.
He wished them a good night, got his cooler out of the trunk and disappeared through the hedge beside the parking lot.
Without a word, Joe backed up the car and drove back towards the Autobahn. 
The radio was playing music, Sun was sleeping beside her and D was staring out her window where the reflectors on the guardrail were flying by.  
She was counting the minutes. 
Literally. 
With some luck she would be out of this car in less than ten minutes.
Suddenly Joe turned the radio down and cleared his throat.
“Sun,” he straightened up a bit, so he could see Sun through the rearview mirror.
 Sun didn’t react.
“You asleep again?” he called a bit louder. “Sun!”
D was about to nudge Sun when she actually opened her eyes. 
“What?” she mumbled dazedly.
“Do you still live in the same flat?”
Sun nodded slowly. “Yeah, same place.”
D suddenly felt winded – her throat really tight. He wasn’t seriously planning on taking Sun home next? Maybe he wasn’t aware of it, but even distance-wise it would be smarter to take her home before Sun.
She shifted in her seat and leaned forward a bit. “You do know where I live, right?” she asked with as firm a voice as she could muster.
“Yeah. Your grandma’s old place, right?” He didn’t take his eyes off the road.
“Yeah…” Her heart beating up to her throat now, she leaned back in her seat. Obviously he was doing this on purpose! 
Her hands cramped around her purse in her lap, she tried to keep cool. She absolutely couldn’t start an argument with him now about the order in which he had to take them home. She would just have to sit through it. If he didn’t have a problem being alone in a car with her, she surely wouldn’t let him see that it bothered her! And really, it could be a lot worse. At least he wasn’t some stranger who might turn into a freaky attacker. Ten tense minutes with the radio playing and both of them hoping that the other wasn’t a mind reader would feel like hours, but it would end eventually. She would jump out, say good night and that would be it…

When they reached Sun’s building, Sun was asleep again.
Joe shot her an irritated look through the mirror. “Sun, wake up!” He reached back and tried to nudge her leg, but he couldn’t.
So D gave her a little push with her hand. “Sun…”
Very slowly Sun seemed to regain consciousness.
Joe watched her through the rearview mirror, waiting for her to sit up and open the door.
When, after almost a minute she was still sitting groggily in her seat, he unbuckled his seatbelt and got out of the car.
He pulled Sun’s door open. 
One hand on the car roof, the other on the top of the door, he looked down at her a little undecidedly. 
“Sun, come on, you’re home,” he said.
She was glaring up at him adoringly. “That’s really nice…” she mumbled.
He blew out an exasperated breath. Then his glance suddenly flickered past Sun towards D, who wasn’t able to look away before his eyes met hers.
“Would you…?” He pointed to Sun’s seatbelt. “I think we do need some help here.”
Somewhat amazed that he obviously wasn’t in the mood to lean over Sleeping Beauty himself here and enjoy the view, D reached over and released Sun’s seatbelt.
“Here.” Without looking up she passed the buckle over to him. 
He took it without touching her hand.
She picked up Sun’s purse and her knitted sweater from the floor where they had landed.
“Thanks.” Sun drowsily grabbed the two things and started to laboriously slide her legs out of the car. She took Joe’s hand that he offered her and let him heave her into an upright position. 
D grabbed Sun’s bag with the salad bowl and pushed it over towards the open door. 
One arm around Sun’s back now, Joe took the bag while trying to get Sun to start moving. “Okay, Sun, come on now!” He nudged his head towards the front door that wasn’t more than twenty steps away.
Finally Sun started to tentatively move her feet. 
Watching from the car, D couldn’t help but notice how heavily Sun was leaning on Joe. And then, just as they had made it up the last step to the front door, Sun stumbled over her own feet. Joe almost dropped the bag as he tried to keep her from falling, his other arm still around her. She ended up falling against his chest instead – in sort of a distorted embrace.
In the car D grimaced and scratched her left eyebrow.
Sun seemed a bit confused for a moment. But then, obviously not unhappy with the current situation, she lifted her arms and slung them around him.
“Joe,” she giggled. “You saved me. It’s so great that you’re back. I’ve always liked you. And I really kind of missed you.”
With a dreamy look she got on her toes and tried to kiss him.
“God!” He jerked his head away from her and backed out of the embrace. He still had to keep his arm around her for support, however, as she did not seem stable enough to stand or walk on her own without anything to hold on to.
“You should really come in,” she said, her speech blurred. 
“I still have someone else to take home,” he reminded her with open irritation. “And at some point I’d actually like to get home and to bed myself, believe it or not.”
When she lifted her hand now to stroke his cheek, he growled and managed to maneuver her close enough to the house to prop her up against the wall beside the front door. 
He held her purse up to her. “Here. Where’s your key?”
Obediently Sun took the purse and started digging around in it. When she finally did pull out a bunch of keys, it took her three attempts to figure out which key would actually unlock the door.
Shaking his head, Joe watched her. 
When the door swung open at last, he gave her a soft push and she shuffled inside. 
“Good night now,” he told her and set the bag with her salad bowl on the hallway floor beside her. “Sleep it off!” 
With that he pulled the door closed behind her and headed back to the car where both his and Sun’s door were still open. 
Walking by, he pushed Sun’s door shut.
“God, that was weird,” he grumbled as he got into the car now.
“Your effect on women…” D muttered quietly while he pulled the car door shut and she assumed that he wouldn’t hear her anyway. She was wrong, though. 
“Wow. Thanks. I knew you’d find the right words!” He shot her a grim look over his shoulder. “Anyway… just in case you were wondering: that, right there, was exactly why I wanted to drop her off first. Needed an excuse why I couldn’t walk her any further than to the front door.”
D let out a sharp little laugh. “Yeah, you always have to expect this kind of thing, don’t you?”
“No, I don’t generally expect this kind of thing,” he said flatly. “But considering how she’s been acting all evening and the amount of wine she’s downed, yeah, I can’t deny I was kind of worried about this.”
“No, I fully understand,” D said sweetly. “Danger’s over now! You definitely don’t have to worry about anything like this with me!”
Scoffing, he shook his head. And D realized that he was – at this very moment – probably thinking to himself how this was the third stupid thing she had said to him in just a few hours.
In the front Joe was just jerking the seatbelt across himself with his braced hand, his expression hard. He must not have had a good grip on the seatbelt, as it suddenly slipped out of his hand and snapped back, the buckle lashing against the brace.
“Crap!” he sucked in a sharp breath and clutched his left hand around his braced fingers.
“You okay?” D asked reflexively before she could even think about stopping herself.
“Yeah, just great,” he muttered and, with a quick movement, he pulled the seatbelt out again and buckled it up, this time without incident.
It was dead quiet in the car now.
D was desperately waiting for him to start the engine.
Instead he was just sitting there. 
After a minute of this, he turned around and gave her a tense look over his shoulder. “I assume you don’t want to move to the front…” 
D shook her head. “No, I’m fine. Thanks.” 
“Okay then…” he said cuttingly and started the car. “I guess I should turn the radio up, so we don’t have to talk…“
Staring out of her window, D swallowed. Ten minutes and she’d be home. Thank God! Being all alone in the car with him made her feel exposed in the weirdest way. As if her tension or even her thoughts might be tangible to him in this environment.
To distract herself, she tried to concentrate on the radio. A very shallow love song that she had never heard before and didn’t particularly like was playing at the moment.
As the song ended, there were commercials.
For a car dealership.
For a big furniture store.
For an insurance company. 
Finally the radio show host came on again. He had a caller – a very talkative young man, who wanted to send his love to his girlfriend who lived in a different town and who he missed like crazy… 
Grinding her teeth, D wished that guy would just say what song he wanted and shut up. Having this kind of love topic float around here was highly uncomfortable. The conversation on the radio continued for another two minutes before the radio host finally asked which song they should play. The caller took a moment to answer. 
“Run to you, by Bryan Adams.”
D froze, her throat suddenly really tight. Not this song! Not here! Not now! 
As the first few chords came on, she felt as if she couldn’t even breathe.
And then it was suddenly dead quiet. 
Joe had turned off the radio.
Swallowing hard, D could hear her heartbeat like thunder in her own ears now.
She glanced at Joe and saw him stare out at the road, his left hand cramped around the steering wheel and his jawline hard and prominent against his cheek. Apparently this wasn’t his favorite song either…
With the silence in the car D was suddenly so aware of her own breathing and the heavy pounding of her heart that she feared that he could hear it too. Of course that was crazy. She couldn’t hear his heartbeat either. But then there was reason for doubt, of course, that he even had a heart…
Finally Joe turned the radio on again. On low volume and on a different station that only played meaningless instrumental music. 
When they passed the bakery close to her house a few minutes later, D reached for the salad bowl and put it on her lap. Preparing to get out of this car – at last…
As soon as the car pulled up alongside the sidewalk outside her place, she freed herself from the seatbelt. “Thanks,” she said quickly and reached for the latch to open the door. 
“Wait–” Joe said.
It made flinch and stop mid-movement. “What?” Her mouth had gone totally dry.
“Just wait a second, okay?” He had leaned his head back against the headrest and was staring out the front window. 
D retracted her hand and hesitantly leaned back in her seat as well. Her heart was racing.
“I know you hate me,” Joe said matter-of-factly, “and I’m perfectly aware that being at the same party, let alone in a car with me, is the last thing you wanted for tonight. It wasn’t really high up on my wish-list either, to be honest! But… well…” Instead of finishing his sentence, he shrugged. 
At a total loss of words for the moment, D dropped her gaze to her salad bowl that she was balancing on her left thigh. There were some scratches in the glass.
“I do know what an ass I’ve been,” she heard him say, “I do know that, believe me. And I wish I could change some things, but I can’t.”
D’s eyes darted up at him. He was still staring out the front window.
“Anyway,” he said and straightened up in his seat enough to where he could shoot her a look through the rearview mirror. “No matter how much you hate me, I think we need to find some way to behave like civilized, grown-up people around each other. At least for this coming weekend.”
Staring back at him via the mirror, D swallowed.
“So that would mean, for instance,” Joe continued, now turning around to her and giving her a direct look, “that, when I ask you how you want your steak, you just tell me.”
“Well, you know that anyway,” D said weakly, unable to hold his gaze.
“Exactly!” He threw out a hand. “But that’s just the perfect example of how you do these really stupid things just to…” He seemed to be looking for the right words. “…just to get back at me or whatever. Either that, or you just flat-out ignore me.”
D’s expression had hardened at the mention of ‘stupid’. 
“That’s not true,” she claimed.
“Sure it’s true,” he said with a shrug, “And Dann– ” He broke off and swallowed the rest of her name, making a face as if he had just tasted something disgusting. “I probably even deserve it,” he admitted, “but in the interest of everyone around us… – they just want to have a good time, okay? No one wants to deal with our crap!”
Her chest feeling really tight right now, D stared down at the salad bowl again. The way he had just connected them both by using those personal pronouns – us and our crap – had totally thrown her off. And the fact that with everything he had said he was hitting the nail right on the head made it even worse. He actually sounded quite a bit like Robert…
“Anyway,” he said in a somber tone. “Do you think you could at least try to… you know…”
She forced herself to look at him. Nodded.  
“Yeah.” She was amazed that her voice still sounded halfway normal.
“Great.” He seemed content.
When he turned to the front again now and leaned back in his seat, D concluded that she was released now. 
She should move. 
Open the door. 
Get out of the car.
“By the way,” he suddenly said, just as she was pulling the latch on the door. “It’s actually good to see you. Despite everything...”
With all the strength she could scrape together, D pushed her door open and willed her legs out of the car, her entire body suddenly feeling like lead. 
“Thanks for driving me home,” she mumbled. “Bye.”
She nudged the door closed and directed her feet down the stairs that lead from the sidewalk to the gravel path through her front yard. Everything seemed to be happening in slow motion and there didn’t seem to be any way to speed it up. The fact that she could feel him watching her from the car didn’t help, of course. 
Couldn’t he just leave?
When she reached the three steps up to her front door and got her key out of her purse, she finally heard the car being started. And as she unlocked her door, he drove off.
She fled inside. Set the salad bowl and her purse on the small side table under the coat rack and stuck the key into the lock from the inside.
She drew in a frantic breath. 
She couldn’t let this feeling get to her! Never in a hundred years! 
Tensely running her hands through her hair, she headed to the bathroom. To the sink. Avoiding a look in the mirror, she turned on the cold water and leaned down. She shoveled a few handfuls of ice cold water right into her face… 
She couldn’t let ten minutes in a car with him throw her into an emotional mess! If she let any of what he had said get to her, then…
Straightening up, she exhaled and opened her eyes. She shot herself a warning look through the mirror. The water had turned her mascara into creepy dark shadows around her eyes, giving her a very unhealthy look. And there was a dark tear-like drop of water mixed with mascara running down her right cheek.
Why couldn’t he just behave like the total jerk she had told herself he was? Why couldn’t he just have taken Sun home last? Even if that meant Sun luring him into her bedroom… 
Involuntarily D ground her teeth. She didn’t really want to think this scenario through. 
Well, and then - why the hell did he have to say that it was good to see her? That had actually been the most disturbing thing he had said all evening. That, and the weird comment about how he’d like to change things.
She poured some make-up remover onto a cotton pad and wiped off the deadly shadows around her eyes.
What part of it would he like to change?
Couldn’t he just have kept his mouth shut? Let her get out of the car and leave? It wasn’t as if she had really needed that lecture on how she would have to drop the hostile attitude for the weekend. She had pretty much figured that out herself by then.
Her reflection was looking back at her. And she watched her own eyes fill with tears until her vision turned cloudy. With a quick impatient move of her hand she wiped the tears off and almost scratched her face with her watch.
If only these last two minutes in his car would stop replaying over and over in her mind.
She took a few deep breaths. In and out, in and out.
Then she turned the faucet on again and shoveled some more water against her face. Like there really was a way to just wash this off… 
It had already started to stick!
She grabbed the towel and buried her face in it. 
This was crazy! 
Growling, she threw the towel against the mirror. It landed in the sink and she left it there.
She walked into the bedroom and changed into sweatpants and a T-shirt. Then she went to the living room and dropped down on the sofa. She had decided to watch TV for a while, because going to bed now was out of the question. Bad dreams were guaranteed, provided that she could sleep at all. Hopefully, the TV would help take her mind off of him!
She reached for the remote and started flipping through the channels. All kinds of programs flashed by: a crime series, a drama movie, a documentary about some hospital related issue, a comedy show, some romantic crap, the news, another series of some kind…
Soon she had gone through sixty stations without having found anything that could interest her enough so she would stop thinking about things she was determined not to think about.
She grabbed the other remote control and started a new episode of her show. Maybe that would help. 
She made every effort to connect with the story that was happening on screen. But there was just no way.
With a frustrated growl she finally turned it all off.
Everything was quiet now.
Tapping the tip of the remote control against her nose, she huffed out a frustrated breath. She might as well face it: a few hours around him and she was all gaga! 
She sat there and stared at the black TV screen for another two minutes. Then she got up from the sofa, went back to the bedroom and whisked a cardboard box out from under her bed. She knelt down beside it and, after a moment of hesitation, slid the lid off the box. Chewing on her lip, she dug around in the box between old photo albums, her first baby shoes, an almost hairless doll she had loved as a kid, a bunch of diaries from when she was a teenager and some other things she had kept as memories. Finally she pulled out what she had been looking for: a CD case with Joe’s slightly messy handwriting on it.
For a moment she held it in her hand and stared at it. This was a really, really bad idea and she knew it! Still, maybe it was something she just needed to do. 
Back in the living room, she took the CD out, set the case on top of the stereo and placed the disk in the player. She grabbed the candle from the shelf, set it on the coffee table and lit it. 
Then she turned off the ceiling light and plopped down on the sofa. Turning the remote control around in her hand for a moment, she reminded herself once again that this was an absolutely idiotic thing to do – the equivalent of a drug dose for an addict who had been clean and relatively happy for three years. A consciously bad, bad, bad decision! But she really needed to know what this felt like! She just did! 
She leaned her head against the backrest of the sofa, closed her eyes and pressed play.
Finding a Phone
Pulling out into the main street, Joe turned the radio off. 
He felt exhausted. This whole evening, even though it had been fun at times, had been a bit much. 
He had always known that Sun was a handful. So far he had never had the problem of being the target of her flirting activities, however. 
He couldn’t say he liked it. And he sure wasn’t very good at dealing with it either. Especially when it got on his nerves like it did and at the same time he had to be kind of considerate in his rejection because, after all, Sun was a friend.
What bugged him a lot more than Sun, of course, was Danny. 
He hadn’t really been prepared for the hostility she had met him with. Not because it was surprising. It wasn’t. Had he given it any thought at all, he could have easily predicted what their first encounter would be like. But he hadn’t given it any thought. Because it would have probably kept him from coming back to Innsbruck. And lately, coming back here had been like the bright light at the end of the dark tunnel. 
Therefore he had carefully avoided thinking about Danny. (And it wasn’t as if blocking her from his mind had been that much of an effort. After three years of practice, it came almost naturally…)
From the moment she had stepped out onto Anja’s patio this afternoon, there had been no way to further ignore the problem, however. 
It had literally blown him away how she still seemed to be exactly who she’d always been and how - and this was a brand new experience – she absolutely hated his guts.
The whole thing with the steak had been a little, stubborn sidekick to make a point. It had been easy to shrug it off. The same could not be said about her lashing out at his still calling her Danny. That had had an entirely different feel to it. It had actually hurt. And it still did.
He had almost reached the turnoff to the short stretch of Autobahn he needed to take to get back to the house, when he suddenly heard the ringing of a mobile phone. 
He frowned. 
It definitely couldn’t be his, because his had been turned off for two days now. The ring tone was amazingly similar, though.
The noise seemed to be coming from somewhere under or behind his seat. Apparently someone had dropped their phone!
After a few seconds of considering this, he pulled into the parking lot of a small bank. The bank was long closed. Some guy was using the ATM and looked over his shoulder now, probably checking whether there was any danger. Well, it was late at night and one never knew.
Joe turned the light in the car on and started searching for the phone. Now that it wasn’t ringing anymore, it was hard to locate. 
It took a while, but then he felt something somewhere under his seat. He tried to grasp it, but it slipped further back. Unwilling to just get out of the car and reach under his seat from behind, he tried again. He had to twist his right hand quite a ways to be able to push it under the seat far enough. Eventually he got a hold of the phone. 
Pulling his hand back out again, he got the brace caught on something under the seat. He noticed it too late and kept trying to retract the hand. The pain that flashed through his arm as a consequence made him freeze. 
Swearing under his breath, he cautiously wiggled his hand free again and even managed not to drop the phone in the process.
He pulled it out and just sat there for a moment, looking at his braced hand. At the rate he was going, his broken fingers might just end up crooked. So far they still looked straight, but now the entire hand hurt again, so, who knew. 
He shifted his attention from his hand to the phone.
Judging from where he had found it, it had to be Sun’s. 
Maybe tomorrow, when he took Jack back to his car, they could swing by her place and drop it off. There was no way he was going back there now.
He almost dropped the phone when it suddenly came back to life in his hand again. It was ringing and the display showed the picture of the caller.
Joe’s eyebrows snapped together.
Pete!?! What an unpleasant surprise! 
The picture must have been taken in some park. There were blooming trees and flowers in the background. And Pete was smiling his stupid smile.
Joe growled to himself. 
He knew Pete from a six-month course they had both attended. Even from the little he’d seen of Pete then, Pete had annoyed him immensely. He couldn’t quite put a finger on why. Pete just seemed like the perfect example of a stuck-up, rich-parents, know-it-all weasel, who was probably hiding some serious complexes or worse. 
The fact that this guy had somehow managed to hook up with Danny was hard to imagine and even harder to accept. 
Dear Pete had been to Lisbon with her, right? How nice!?! Heart-warming! Maybe that picture had even been taken on their trip to Lisbon… 
Still staring at the picture, Joe ground his teeth. Once the Lisbon topic had come up after dessert this evening, he had gratefully taken the opportunity to go and help Gerry with his computer problems.
With pointy fingers he dropped the ringing phone on the passenger seat now while Pete was still smiling from the display. Finally the ringing stopped and Pete vanished.
Joe blew out some air with his lower lip sticking out. Okay… So this was definitely Danny’s phone then. Must have fallen out of her purse when she had helped with Sun’s seatbelt.
Trying to ignore the thumping pain in his right hand, he considered his options.
He could always take the phone home with him and give it to Sarah in the morning. Let her return it. It was a safe and reasonable solution. And, so he suspected, the solution that Danny would favor.
His mind had, however, already gotten stuck on the crazy idea of driving back to her place right now and bringing her the phone in person. 
That idea seemed disconcertingly tempting… 
Trying to look at the matter from all sides, it occurred to him though, that – if he decided to keep the phone overnight – it would be impossible for Pete to reach her. That thought had a certain appeal as well, because, if he was honest, seeing Pete smile from her phone at this time of night, was kind of annoying.
Hadn’t Sarah said they had – how had she put it? – kind of broken up? What the hell did Pete still want from her then, in the middle of the night?
Joe reached over and snatched the phone from the seat again. Maybe there were some more enlightening photos saved on it? 
He was about to click on the display to see if he could get into the photo gallery when the phone started to ring again. 
Pete. Again!
With an irritated growl, Joe dropped the phone on the passenger seat as if it was a hot potato. 
His mind had just been made up! Under absolutely no circumstances should he keep that phone overnight. He just knew that if he did, Pete would call again and smile again and, at some point, he might pick up. Which sick and twisted turns a conversation like that might take, he didn’t even want to imagine… 
No, he was going to take that phone to her right now!
Still up?
The street leading down to D’s house was quiet. 
Most houses seemed dark by now. Only in the first house to the left the lights were still on. Judging from the many cars that were parked outside, they must be having a party.
Joe remembered being in this house for a birthday party once. He must have been seventeen or so. Sarah had been going out with a guy who lived there and, for some silly reason, she had decided to take her brother along for the guy’s birthday party. Maybe so Dad wouldn’t ask too many questions and just assume they were doing something with the gang.
Thinking back now, Joe remembered how he had ended up making out with Sarah’s boyfriend’s older sister that night – a girl who had easily been four years older than him. 
Judy. 
He remembered being bored at the party. And the music there had been horrible too. So he had relocated to the huge overgrown garden to smoke some slightly illegal substance that someone had pushed on him a few minutes earlier. Suddenly Judy had appeared between the bushes and asked if the joint was any good. 
Since it had only been his second (and pretty much last) joint ever, he hadn’t been able to say much about the quality and had just let her try.
They had started kidding around, then seriously flirting. And eventually they had ended up messing around against that tree. 
He hadn’t been the driving force in it, but he could hardly be called an innocent victim either. Rather someone who had welcomed the nice opportunity. 
Suddenly Sarah had appeared with her boyfriend… 
Even today he wasn’t sure if they had really been looking for him (like Sarah claimed) or if they had just been trying to find a place to be alone. 
In any event, Sarah had been disgusted – that had been her exact word, yeah. Disgusted with him and even more disgusted with Judy, who, according to Sarah’s interpretation, had taken advantage of her little brother… (Hahaha!)
Judy and he had met again a few more times. He had kind of had a crush on her. Or at least he had thought so. Even though, in reality, he had hardly known her. And the things they had spent their time with weren’t exactly suited to get to know each other better. The focus clearly lay on physical stuff. It had been quite educational, though… 
Thinking about it today, he was torn apart between amusement and embarrassment. But then again, he had been only seventeen and people that age should be allowed to make mistakes.

When he passed the little bakery on the right now and D’s building came into sight, he could feel his stomach cramp. It had suddenly occurred to him that, were this a movie or a novel, something like a forgotten phone would never be a coincidence. 
Maybe he was supposed to act on this? 
He considered it for a moment and then pushed the idea aside.
This wasn’t some sappy teenage soap but his own messed up life! He really had enough drama in his life already as it was. No need to add any more!
He wasn’t even sure how she would react to his showing up again.
She might not open the door. 
She might not even be awake anymore. The house actually did seem pretty dark… 
He was already considering turning the car around and just driving home when he noticed the flickering light that seemed to be coming through the window facing the street.
Okay, so she was still up… 
He pulled up alongside the street and parked the car.
Undecidedly he glared towards the front door of the duplex building while simultaneously reaching for the phone. For a moment he just held it in his hand. Then, taking a deep breath, he got out of the car.
He could feel his heart beating harder as he walked up to the door now. 
His finger already on the doorbell, he hesitated. He decided to softly knock instead.
He waited for a moment, then knocked again.
“It’s me…” he said just loud enough that someone right inside the door might hear it, “You dropped your phone in my car!”
Even if she heard him, he was almost certain that she wouldn’t open. He should have just brought the phone to Sarah to give back. It had been a really stupid idea to hand-deliver it now. What exactly was the point here? He should really just –
The sound of the key being turned in the lock made him falter.
Then the door slowly swung open about halfway. 
He was prepared for an aggressive ‘What?’ or an angry look, but she just stood there, looking tired and almost fragile – not only because she appeared to have washed off the bit of make-up she had been wearing earlier.
She was standing in the half-open door in  blue sweatpants and a T-shirt, and she was barefoot. 
From her T-shirt a green alligator was grinning and showing a big mouth with lots of sharp teeth. One of them was sparkling golden. 
He knew that T-shirt… 
Trying not to think about where he had seen that alligator last, he looked away – towards the side table with the salad bowl that was sitting beside her. 
Then the framed print right above the salad bowl caught his attention: Mountain Lake with towering thunderstorm clouds. 
In the dorm, this picture had been hanging over her bed.
With clenched jaws Joe dragged his eyes away from that print and glanced towards the living room behind her. It was dark except for a candle that was flickering on the coffee table. 
That shelf next to the sofa looked like the one from the dorm…

Starting to feel quite a bit out of balance here, Joe looked back at D.
For a moment her eyes flickered up to him. As soon as she found him looking back at her, she quickly dropped her gaze to the phone in his hand.
He handed it to her. This time he made sure he did touch her hand, even if just very briefly.
“Thanks,” she said. “Where was it?”
“What? Oh – It was under my seat.”
She turned the phone around in her hands.
Joe shrugged. “I just noticed it because…” He paused for a moment weighing his words. “Peeeete called.” 
The way he overstretched the eeee made her look up. She raised her eyebrows and gave him a look that he couldn’t quite read.
“Don’t worry,” he said, “I didn’t pick up. Didn’t really feel like talking to him.”
Her eyes locked with his now, she blinked, obviously imagining that scenario – his picking up Pete’s call. 
He waited for her expression to turn angry, but it didn’t.
“You… you really didn’t have to come back just for that,” she said instead, her eyes dropping to the phone again. “But… of course, it’s good to have the phone. I’m meeting Sarah tomorrow and it would be a bit tricky if I couldn’t find my phone and she couldn’t reach me. So…” She looked up again. “Thanks!”
“You’re welcome.”
She touched her right eyebrow with her index finger and brushed over it in what seemed to be a nervous gesture.
Joe swallowed. He knew that gesture too. He’d seen her do that so many times…
It was at this exact moment that he realized just how good it was to see her. In sweats, without any make-up, barefoot and tired.
Biting down on his lower lip, he tried to shake off the weird feeling that was creeping up on him here. 
He should go! 
He had brought back the phone and that had been the point, right?
His job was done. Standing around here any longer was really having an unsettling effect.
He had already shifted his weight, ready to take the first step away from the door and head back to the car, when he suddenly noticed the faint music that was coming from the living room. One song had just faded and a new one had started. 
Despite the very low volume, he immediately recognized the piece at once. It made his throat tighten. He hadn’t heard this song in a long time. Not just because it was hardly ever played on the radio.
As he stood there, somewhat paralyzed and trying hard to tune out the music, he suddenly realized that – when he had handed her the phone and mentioned Pete earlier – there had also been something affecting him in a weird way. 
Music? 
He hadn’t been consciously aware of it then, but he was almost certain of it now: everything had been very quiet after he had said the name with the drawn-out eeee. It had been quiet but not totally silent! There had been some music in the background. Definitely. 
Staring past her towards the stereo on the shelf in the living room, he tried to recall what kind of music had been playing then. He hadn’t paid attention at that moment, so it might be impossible to reconstruct.
Suddenly – and unexpectedly – a short segment of the melody from earlier flashed through his head. 
And he immediately knew exactly which song it had been.
With the current and the previous song now identified, his head was buzzing. 
He was weighing the probability of both these songs playing anywhere in just one single evening in this particular order. The probability was close to zero. 
Unless, of course – and that’s when it hit him – she was listening to the CD he had made for her…

Music and what it stands for…
”Well… have a safe drive home,” he heard her say through the haze that had just come over him. 
She had straightened up and, despite what she had just said, she looked at him a bit undecidedly.
Giving himself a push, Joe nodded. “Yeah thanks,” he mumbled. “Good night.” 
And as he turned around and walked down the three steps to the gravel path, he heard the door close behind him and the music stopped.
~~~
Shutting that door, D almost felt as if she were trying to shut the giant, metal gates of a fortress. 
She almost couldn’t do it.
Somehow, these last five minutes had cost her all the strength and composure that she still might have had. 
And that music that was still playing was taking the rest. 
Putting this particular CD on had really been the cruelest self-experiment she could have come up with. 
Did she really have to see how far she could go here? How far she could push herself? 
Well, maybe this had been just a tiny step too far?
Closing her eyes, she leaned her back against the wall beside the door and then slowly slid down until she was sitting on the floor. 
If she had been going for the maximum amount of pain, she had really nailed it. Well done! 
First accidently drop your phone in his car, then put on the music that could kill you just by itself, and then – to top it all off – get lucky enough to have him show up at your doorstep right in the middle of it. A deadly mix, really!
The evening and the ride in his car had been bad enough, but having him back here – eye to eye – friendly and nice, had made it so much worse! 
She didn’t want him to be nice! 
She didn’t want him to be any of the things that reminded her of the guy she used to know and that she had tried so hard to ban from her memory. But with everything he’d said or done this evening, there was no denying that he still was exactly that guy.
She pulled her legs up and wrapped her arms around her knees. 
She should turn off that music, of course. But what good would it still do? For tonight, the damage had already been done. 
Burying her face in her arms now, she was fighting tears. 
Maybe she should just let go and stop fighting for composure here. Even if she cried all night, no one could see her and no one would ever know. It might actually be helpful to get it out of her system. Kind of like an immunization for the next few days.
She hadn’t really come to a conclusion when the next song came on. And that’s when – even without her explicit permission – tears started streaming down her face uncontrollably. There was absolutely no way she could have still fought it. Not with this song – and the memories that seemed to be stuck to it like glue.
This hurt like hell…
As the first tears reached her lips and she stuck out her tongue to check how salty it tasted, she tried to remember when she had last cried. 
It had been a few years ago. 
But it had been about the exact same guy.
~~~
Like in a haze, Joe walked back to the car and dropped into his seat.
Somehow his head was spinning. With all the wrong ideas.
Rubbing his forehead, he tried to regain some control over his mind. It didn’t work, though. That music had really hit him full-force!
Crap! 
He should never have come here! 
He should have just turned that stupid phone off and dropped it into Sarah’s lap tomorrow morning. 
He had totally underestimated what coming back to Innsbruck would mean emotionally. It had been ludicrous to block out the fact that he would have to see her, and what that would mean. 
It would have been wise of him to not simply dive head-first into this great adventure of coming for the reunion, but to prepare himself a bit that this whole thing might be a bit… – confusing? disturbing? unsettling? And not just for him.
Hearing the music there at her doorstep, in combination with having her right in front of him – close enough to touch – had somehow whacked him totally out of balance. There was something about music that could – in a heartbeat – bring back memories and feelings. Even the ones that he had thought were well-buried. 
To everyone’s life there probably existed something like a very personal soundtrack. The two songs he had just heard – or rather the entire CD he had made her – were part of the soundtrack to his time with her. Yeah, and the Bryan Adams song that the idiot on the radio had ordered earlier, was the score to the final, absolute disaster.
Leaning back in his seat, Joe drew in a deep breath. 
Over the past three years he had been avoiding the songs he had put on that CD at all cost. He had regularly changed the radio station as soon as he recognized the first familiar chords. And if any of these songs had been played during a party, he had swiftly relocated to the next balcony or patio – anything that had fresh air and a door that could be closed to block the sound. 
Running into this music right here and now seemed like a nasty joke.
Chewing on his lower lip, he tried to make sense of this. 
There was something terribly wrong with the concept of her listening to this CD. 
The music was hard for him to take, alright, but, if there was one person in this world that he would have sworn would have an equally hard, if not harder time listening to that stuff, it was her. 
So, why on earth was she doing it? Why would she put that CD on? Tonight?
He swallowed as his mind slowly worked its way through this. 
Yeah – why? 
Tilting his head back against the headrest, he slowly exhaled. 
It was just a guess, of course. And he wasn’t a trained psychologist. But based on his common-sense psychology, it did make sense in a weird way… 
His eyes on the car clock, he tried to focus. 
It was almost one o’clock. 
He should go home and take one of his painkillers. The thumping pain in his hand that he had briefly forgotten about was getting harder to ignore. 
With some luck those painkillers wouldn’t just help against the pain in his hand but also knock him out before he had a chance to deal with any of the issues that were trying to come to the surface here. 
He really should go home!
There was something holding him back, though. Some weird fluffy-cozy-toasty feeling that was firmly connected to the music – and her. 
It scared him to death. It really did! She had spent the entire evening exhibiting just how much she detested him, and he came out of it feeling so drawn to her that it hurt. Because that’s what it came down to, wasn’t it?
He should definitely go home! He had so messed it up with her three years ago! He needed to keep out of her way. He did owe her that. And it was probably best for him as well.
He closed his eyes for a moment. 
In his head thoughts had started spinning in a dizzying fashion around anything but keeping out of her way. 
He opened his eyes again. Forced himself to look at his right hand. The two broken fingers were swollen and they really hurt. This was a fact and a clear sign that yes, he should quickly go home, take the painkillers and go to sleep. It was a good, safe and reasonable plan. Those other ideas that were swirling around in his head were the exact opposite of good, safe and reasonable!
He placed his finger on the button to start the car. 
Tomorrow was another day! And tomorrow would be a lot easier if he just pressed that button. Now! 
He started the car and put it in gear.
And then he turned it off again and got out.
This was playing with fire, of course. 
He knew it, but he didn’t exactly care. 
It’s still good music!
D was still sitting on the floor behind the door, hugging her knees and just surrendering to how that music in combination with everything that had happened this evening made her feel. 
When she heard footsteps approaching outside, she straightened up. Petrified.
There were a few soft knocks. 
“Danny! Open, up… Please.” 
Her heart had kicked into an unhealthy racing beat and her mouth, and even her tear-filled eyes, had dried up. 
Joe knocked again.
She forced herself to keep up the vital functions at least – such as breathing and blinking. 
“Come on, Danny, open up…” 
Inside, D swallowed hard. She could ignore it, of course. Just like he was obviously ignoring that he shouldn’t call her Danny! 
She could play deaf or better dead and pretend for the rest of her life that it had been a wise decision. It would be a wise decision, no doubt about it. Very wise and safe! But would she actually be able to live with it?
“Danny…” There were two more light knocks.
With a trembling hand D wiped the tears off her face.
Then she slowly got up.
Outside, Joe was feeling as if he had sprinted up a steep hill on an empty stomach. His heart was racing and he felt almost a bit nauseous.
Lightly knocking on her door once again, he told himself that this was a stupid, stupid, stupid idea! She would never open now! She would have to be crazy to. And it was probably better that she didn’t open. He should go back to the car and they could both pretend this had never happened.

He had already taken the three steps down from the door to the gravel path when the key turned in the lock now. 
As he turned around, he found the door open. She was leaning against the wall inside, looking towards him, a somewhat shocked expression on her face. There was no way of telling if she was shocked because he had come back or shocked because she had actually opened him.
He stepped up to the door again.
She had dropped her gaze, seeming kind of lost and helpless.
“What?” she asked quietly without looking up.
He looked at her, feeling pretty lost and helpless himself. Judging from her red nose and the slightly swollen eyes, she had been crying…
Now what? Did he have any plan as to what to do or what to say?
Her having opened the door had been so unexpected that part of him was still kind of stunned. In a way he still expected her to look up and tell him to get lost. But she just stood there with hanging shoulders, her gaze fixed on the floor between them and said nothing at all.
In an attempt to keep himself from doing anything stupid now, such as reaching out and touching her face, he quickly placed his left hand against the doorframe.
“What do you want?” she asked shakily, her eyes briefly flickering up to him. 
“I’m not sure…” 
Her eyes had returned to the floor.
He cleared his throat. “Ahm… if you want me to leave, just… just say so, okay? I’ll leave, I promise… and I won’t ask why you’re listening to that…” He nodded towards the room behind her.
He saw her close her eyes for a moment and bite down on her lower lip.
“I’m serious,” he said, “I’d just take off and assume that this is your usual going-to-sleep music…”
With an impassive shrug she glanced up at him. Her red eyes meeting his for a moment. She still didn’t say anything, though. 
Joe decided that, under the given circumstances, this wasn’t all that bad.
“Can I come in?” he asked, his hand tracing the molding around the doorframe.
Instead of any kind of verbal response she exhaled audibly and looked up at him once more, obviously slightly baffled by the question. Then she dropped her gaze again, maybe considering what to do in such a surreal situation.
Keeping an eye on her, Joe had to fight the strong urge now to reach out and gently tilt her chin back up to him. Instead he took his left hand off the doorframe and shoved it into the back pocket of his jeans.
Suddenly the silence was broken by the ringing of her phone. She must have been holding it in her hand all the time.
Seeing her lift her arm and look at the display, Joe realized that this was probably it now: the abrupt end of their little, late-night open-door meeting. That stupid creep Pete! Couldn’t he call some other time? 
In a rush of frustration, he slammed his right hand against the doorframe and took a step away from the door. The immediate pain that flashed from his hand all the way up to his shoulder now, reminded him that he might want to consider using a different body part next time he felt the need to hit something. 
The ringing phone still in her hand, she glanced up at him for a moment. And he was prepared for her to give him an apologetic smile or something and close the door. He just knew that with Pete calling again now, there was no way it could be avoided.
But then she didn’t pick up. In fact, as he caught a glimpse at the display of her phone finally, it didn’t even look as if the display showed Pete’s stupid picture. It showed some kind of name instead.
“Jack,” D said and gave him another quick, slightly uncomfortable look. Then she turned the phone off and placed it beside the salad bowl on the side table.
Joe couldn’t quite believe it. According to his little vision the door should be closed by now. Well, it was still open. And as her eyes locked with his now, her expression almost scared, she gave the door a little push with her bare foot and stepped aside.
It was only then that he realized that he wasn’t entirely in control of his own movements. He felt momentarily paralyzed and had to give himself a real push to make his feet move across the threshold. But she probably wasn’t in any particular hurry to have him step inside anyway.

Somewhat stunned by her own actions, D watched him come in. Then, her hand gripping the door handle tightly, she shut the door and remained with her back to the room – and to him for that matter – for a moment. God, what was she doing? She briefly closed her eyes, and exhaled. Then she slowly turned around.

Following an instinct, Joe headed straight for the stereo.
He stopped the music and picked up the CD cover. 
He squinted. By the way the plastic case looked, it must have been through some very rough times. But then again, he was surprised that it still existed and hadn’t been ceremonially destroyed long ago. 
Drawing in a long breath, he read the titles that he had listed on the cover. There were some love songs that – given the circumstances – really shouldn’t be played in this kind of setting. He still couldn’t believe that she had put that CD on. That was one crazy thing to do!
As the silence in the room seemed to be getting heavier and almost choking, he changed his mind. She had already exposed herself to the worst part of that CD anyway. So, why not listen to some more? 
In search of something a little less heavy as a warm-up for himself, he skipped the CD forward a few songs. 
Cindy Lauper – Time after Time.

D hadn’t moved. She was still leaning with her back against the door, palms pressed firmly against the wood surface and her eyes following him. 
It was really all she could do, because with those wobbly knees she couldn’t walk, with that dry mouth she couldn’t talk and with a totally clouded brain she couldn’t even think clearly.
Initially she’d been extremely relieved when he had walked over to the stereo and done what she hadn’t been capable of: he had turned off that music. Yeah, he probably thought she had gone completely nuts for listening to that. He had picked up the CD case and given her a slightly accusing, raised-eyebrow look. (Well, yeah, that case had been abused and he was lucky it still existed!)
Then he had placed the CD case back where he had found it. 
And just now – to her absolute horror – he had pushed some buttons and had turned the music back on again.
She felt her heart skip a beat, maybe more.
“Turn it off…” Her voice was cracking.
He shrugged. “It’s still good music.”
“It’s crap…”
His eyes firmly trained on her, he shook his head. “No, it’s not crap!” 
He pulled his sweater over his head, careful not to get his braced hand caught in the sleeve, and then tossed it back towards the sofa.
“Okay…” he said while he ran the fingers of his left hand through his hair and gave her a cautious look across the room. “Wanna dance?”
In disbelief D shook her head.
He came strolling towards her anyway.
She sucked in a quick breath, scrambling for a flight plan. But she couldn’t move. There was just no way.
Joe stopped two steps away from her. 
“Come on.” He tilted his head to the side – with a smile that seemed a bit unsteady.
Unable to hold his gaze, D shook her head again. But even without looking at him, she could feel his eyes on her.
Then he reached out and took her right hand.
Reflexively her eyes darted up at him. She really wanted to jerk that hand away from him but somehow she just couldn’t.
“Danny, come on…” he said softly and tugged on her hand.
“You can’t be serious,” she scoffed weakly. But for reasons she didn’t quite understand, she did let him pull her away from the door and a few steps into the living room.
“Come on, just dance with me…” He lightly placed his braced hand against her lower back.
~~~
From the moment he put his arm around her, Joe was literally holding his breath. 
Even though the current dancing position wasn’t close by any means, and although he was giving her more space here than she would have probably had were she dancing with the Pope, he was certain that this was not going to work. Never in a hundred years would she go along with this. He was expecting her to push him away any moment. Push him away and kick him out. After all, what he was doing here was just outrageous!
“Just try it, okay?” he said nevertheless. “Dance with me.” 
This felt a bit like holding a large piece of wood in his arms. At the same time he was totally in awe that she even still was in his arms.
“Danny, relax!” He told her softly and pulled her a little closer. He had started moving with the music – constantly expecting her to lash out at him and end this. 
But then, slowly, very slowly, he felt the resistance fade and she amazingly did start to dance with him – if what they were doing could actually really be called dancing. 
Dancing or not, it made his head spin. 
“Just relax, okay,” he whispered. “And do something about that arm that’s hanging down so limply…”
Scoffing, she raised the arm.
But, even though he knew that it was on his shoulder now, he could hardly feel it, because she rigidly kept it from fully resting against him. 
So he pulled her closer still, into what might actually pass as a close dancing position. He knew this was pushing it, and he desperately hoped that he would get away with it. 
~~~
Staring over Joe’s shoulder, D knew she was slightly trembling. She was struggling to control it, but there was no way. 
God, what was he doing? 
Why on earth had she let him? 
This was all wrong! 
It was almost like some absurd dream, only that she was pretty sure it was real. And despite being dangerously stupid, it just felt… amazing. Which made it even more wrong, of course!
Putting on that music in a masochistic moment and allowing herself to soak in the pain of a lost romance was one thing. But letting the protagonist of that romance walk in here, take her into his arms and transport her right back to La-La land was pointing to a very serious mental defect on her part.
And he was doing his best to take her to La-La land here. 
His hand against her back; his face too close to her temple; his breath in her hair. 
And during all this, the music had just skipped to another song.
And with the new song he seemed even closer. 
Way too close… 
She came to a halt.
“God, stop it–” There was lump in her throat. 
She pulled her hand out of his and tried to break away. 
Joe held her back, his left hand around her upper right arm, his right hand on her left shoulder. 
“Wait…”
She could feel the tears burn in her eyes and quickly dropped her head. Looked away. She was just pathetic. 
“Look at me,” Joe said.
Shaking her head she kept her eyes down. Stomped her foot.
“Hey…” He brushed the thumb of his braced hand over her chin. “You let me in, so I guess we should make it worth it somehow, don’t you think?” His left hand from her arm had slid up to her shoulder.
“I have no idea why I let you in,” she muttered, slowly winning the struggle against the tears. “But this is just plain crazy!”
“I pretty well know this is crazy,” he admitted. “But quite honestly, I don’t give a shit! Do you? Besides, if you really need to do this music thing, you may as well do it properly.”
She let out a bitter laugh and glanced up. “So you’re trying to help me torture myself, is that it?”
“Well, yeah, if that’s how you want to see it…”
She nodded darkly. “Yeah, that’s exactly how I see it.”
“Okay. Forget it then…” He let go of her and raised his hands in a surrendering gesture. Then he took a step back.
Although she had pushed for it, the sudden loss of his touch came unexpected for D. She suddenly felt cold and almost a bit lost. Of course she would rather die than admit that. She could hardly tell him to please just carry on with what he had been doing. 
“Come on,” Joe reached for her hand again. “With my screwed-up hand I won’t be able to do this a whole lot longer anyway.”
Unable to look at him, she shrugged awkwardly. His hand around hers felt so incredibly, dangerously good… And then his braced hand was back against her back and he pulled her against himself. 
No, she didn’t give a shit either!
“Okay,” Joe whispered contently, his face dizzyingly close to her ear now. “And about your arm…” 
With a fake little growl she moved the arm up to where it rested on his shoulder.
He nodded. “Big improvement!”
He pulled her closer still - close enough to actually feel her breathe.
For a moment the breathing seemed to have stopped, though, as if she were holding her breath. He kind of liked that effect! 
With a new great song just starting, he leaned the side of his head against hers and started to slowly move his hand up and down her back with the music. He was way past the point where he still cared how this was going to play out or how it might further complicate his life – which it undoubtedly would. This was the best he had felt in years. He was actually surprised that he was even still capable of this kind of emotional high. During the last few months he had been so numb that he had feared it would never get better. The little episode with Christine had kind of shown that there might still be some life left in him, of course. It had been nothing compared to this, though! This was like flying!
When the second song was coming to an end after a few minutes, Joe expected her to pull away. He had made up his mind that he would let go of her in such a case and leave. But then she just repositioned her arm against his shoulder and – for the first time since they had started this dancing thing – she actually did seem to relax against him. And that felt even better than flying.
“I meant what I told you in the car,” he told her, “I–”
When he felt her tense up and there was this faint shake of her head against his, he broke off. 
“Okay,” he whispered with a short nod. 
To his relief she seemed to loosen up after that. And she moved her hand – from his shoulder to a spot right between his shoulder blades. 
Exhaling quietly, he closed his eyes and just concentrated on the warmth of her palm that he could clearly feel through the fabric of his T-shirt.
“I don’t hate you,” she whispered and let her hand slide up further. “And I’m not ignoring you.” 
“Well, not anymore,” he said, only too aware that her hand had just been placed against the back of his neck really lightly. 
A touch that literally made his head spin.
“Would be close to impossible to ignore you,” she muttered and  brushed her fingers over the nape of his neck.
“Good.” He wasn’t quite sure himself if he was referring to what she had just said or to what she was doing with her hand.

Eventually the third song was ending and Joe knew that he wasn’t going to be able to keep holding his right hand up against her back any longer. The pain was starting to drive him crazy. He should get going and hope that he’d still be able to drive – especially shift gears.
What was holding him back, however, and what had made him ignore the pain until now, was the fact that, if he left now, he knew for sure that this – whatever it was – was going to vanish overnight like a stain on a white shirt in a detergent commercial. 
She would pretend it never happened and stay out of his way in the future. And he wouldn’t have the guts to call her on it.
“Your hand?” D had come to a halt. Of course she had noticed the weakening of the touch against her back to the point where she could hardly feel it anymore.
Joe nodded, his gaze on the floor.
“Bad?” she asked.
“Pretty bad.” With a weak smile he looked up. “This just really sucks!” He let go of her.
“Do you want anything for it?” D asked, eyeing the braced hand, “Creams, Pills…– or an amputation?”
Joe burst out laughing. “Now there’s a progressive approach! But no, I’m not quite ready for that yet. Not while there’s still hope. Creams won’t help, though.” 
He gingerly touched the swollen fingers with his other hand.
“These two are broken…” he shrugged. “Normally I’m okay, but today… Well, today wasn’t such a good day…”
“Guess I contributed to that,” she said guiltily.
He smiled. “Yeah, you landed one hit. But the other three or four were my own fault.”
“I’ve got some pills,” she offered. “Nothing really strong, but…”
Even while she said it, she knew that it was silly to try and avoid the unavoidable. This was the end of their insane, little get-together. 
Well, it had to end sometime. Maybe better sooner than later. Because it could only get crazier from here on. 
Still, just the thought of him leaving right now and things turning back to the way they had been before, made her feel like a diver whose mouthpiece for the oxygen had just been ripped out and there was no air…
Bracing herself for what just had to happen, D stood there waiting for him to say it. She was prepared to put on a brave smile and wish him a good night.
But instead of saying anything, Joe strolled over towards the kitchen and sat down on one of the bar stools. 
His braced hand resting on his knee, he gave her an undecided look across the room. 
“Well…” he finally said with a little shrug. “I mean… I do have something with me… for emergencies.” He pulled a single blister-packed pill out of the back pocket of his jeans and looked down on it, turning it around between his fingers.
Suddenly feeling strangely relieved, D went over to the kitchen, switched on the small light above the stove and got two glasses out from a cabinet. She filled them with water, sat one on the bar counter in front of Joe and took a sip from the other.
Pulling the glass closer, Joe wrapped his left hand around it, his eyes on the blister-packed pill on the counter next to him.
D watched him. 
“Aren’t you going to take it?” she asked as he took a sip from his glass now.
“That’s pretty potent stuff,” he mumbled evasively and sat the glass back down.
“Well, that’s probably a good thing,” she said with a faint smile.
What was he waiting for?
He was glancing over at her with an expression she couldn’t quite read. Some of it was just fatigue and pain, but there was also something else.
“There’s a little problem,” he finally said. “I shouldn’t drive after I take this.”
The moment the message reached her brain D could feel her expression freeze.
“And that’s not some stupid trick!” he assured her with a dry little laugh. “It’s only that… – well, after I took one of these in Amsterdam, I… ahm… I kind of know that it’s not just some over-cautious disclaimer-warning when they tell you that you shouldn’t drive. Or play with a chain-saw. Shouldn’t even walk very far, probably.” He gave her a weak shrug. “Yeah… So it’s either I leave now and take this at home, or I take it now and drop dead on your sofa in about twenty minutes.” Tapping the index finger of his left hand against his glass, he gave her a somewhat challenging look. “It’s up to you! Your choice...”
“My choice?!?” D coughed, bewildered. “What were the options again? You leave now and drive home like this, even though you can hardly stand it just sitting here, or you – stay???” 
Her gaze wandered over to the sofa.
“I personally would clearly prefer the sofa-option,” he told her with a crooked smile. He knew very well that he was really pushing it here.
D rubbed her right eyebrow. This was crazy! There was no way she could let him stay! Or could she? 
“I will deny that I ever said this” she slowly said after a moment, “but I prefer the sofa-option too.”
Joe raised his eyebrows. “Oh, you do?”
“Shut up and just take the stuff, okay?” She leaned against the counter behind her and watched him from across the kitchen.
Joe rubbed his chin, as if still pondering it. Then he reached for the pill.
“Alright,” he said and pressed it out of its packaging even though something striking had just occurred to him: His home base here in Innsbruck was not some hotel where no one would notice or care if he didn’t return to his room overnight. He was staying with Sarah. And Sarah would surely notice it, and she would undoubtedly ask questions. She always asked questions. Maybe he would get lucky and make it back home tomorrow before she was up. That was a big maybe, though. 
Determined not to worry about Sarah until he absolutely had to, he put the pill into his mouth and washed it down.
Across the kitchen D had pulled herself up on the countertop, her legs dangling down and her water glass beside her.
“Okay,” Joe said as he slipped off his barstool, “I guess I’ll have to stay now.”
With him strolling towards her, D nervously reached for her glass and took a sip. After that she kept the glass in her hand and let the last bit of water squish around inside. Keeping this up in a leisurely fashion became harder the closer he came, though. Her hands just weren’t quite steady anymore. 
He stopped right in front of her, leaving just a little space between himself and her knees.
And the music had just skipped to a song that, under other circumstances, would have been excruciating.
Staring at her glass in her hands, D was wondered how she would feel about all this tomorrow. “There are some rules…” she mumbled.
Joe laughed. “Yeah, I know…” Then he placed his braced hand on the counter left of her, and she thought she could feel the faint touch of his thumb against the side of her thigh through the fabric of her pants. 
She glanced up at him again. He was looking back at her, his eyebrows raised. 
“What?” he asked innocently. “I haven’t even done anything yet…”
“You sure didn’t have to get up from your chair to do nothing,” she countered.
“Yeah, me getting up from that chair is kind of suspicious, isn’t it? But don’t worry! I’ll be knocked out here pretty quickly! Better use the time we’ve got…” 
With this not exactly comforting remark he eased the glass from her hand and set it on the counter far enough away so she couldn’t easily get it back.
Her eyes had followed her glass and were still resting on it when he raised his hand now and touched her chin. 
Joe kind of expected her to fight it or turn away when he tilted her chin up a little to make her look at him again.
Instead he saw her swallowed and her gaze meshed with his.
And then he just leaned in and gave her a short, soft kiss right on the lips. It was over before she could even blink.
Drawing in a shaky breath she glanced to the side.
“I’m not breaking the rules yet, huh?” There was surprise in his voice.
D’s gaze flashed back up at him. Of course this was breaking the rules! But then again, he had been breaking all kinds of rules over the last forty minutes – with her ready assistance. Somehow she didn’t want him to stop breaking rules just yet… 
From the look of it he wasn’t seriously considering it anyway, though.
As if to test the limits, Joe leaned closer again. 
Of course her legs were in the way of getting really close.
“Now this is probably breaking the rules, but–” He placed both his hands on her knees and softly pulled them apart a bit. The cautious look he gave her while doing this indicated that he was ready to jump, in case she decided to kick for him.
D closed her eyes for a moment to regain some kind of balance that was about to be totally lost here.
“Almost,” she said, her eyes on his left hand on her right knee. 
“Almost what?” His breath was close to her ear now.
“Almost breaking the rules.” She moved her knees apart far enough for him to step up to the counter all the way.
“We’ll get there eventually,” Joe predicted, his left hand having left her knee and trailing up her right arm now.
D could feel that touch tingle all through her body. 
The hand reached her shoulder and finally slid against the side of her neck. Once his fingertips brushed over her jaw towards her ear she flinched.
“Hang on,” he said softly and slid his hand under her ear to the back of her neck.
Sucking in a shaky breath, D realized that this was probably her very last chance to pull the brake. She should really pull the brake… 
But then, as he was leaning in again, his nose lightly tipping against hers, she just closed her eyes.
“Okay, let’s break some rules here,” he whispered, his lips already brushing hers.
In doing this, Joe knew perfectly well that this whole kissing thing wasn’t a good idea at all. He really didn’t care, though. Not at this point. Not after he’d just placed his lips against hers and – instead of her pulling away as feared – she had slightly opened her mouth. 
Placing his lips on hers a bit more firmly, he let the tip of his tongue slide over probingly. He expected her to pull back any second. But then he felt her hands come to his face. 
Softly. 
With those hands sliding back further, her fingertips pushing into his hair, he was starting to feel almost dizzy. And it took all his self-control to keep this an entry-level kind of kiss rather than just pulling her really close and kissing her for what it was worth for as long as she would let him.
Even without his pushing for it actively, the whole thing heated up considerably in no time. Her fingers running through his hair; quite a bit of still pretty shy tongue play;  his good hand sliding from her hip to her back, sneaking under her T-shirt, briefly making her tense up as he touched her skin. 
Then, his hand slowly trailing up her spine…
Finally she broke the kiss and turned her head the side.
Joe intuitively pulled his hand out from under her T-shirt and took a step back. He was totally out of breath and well-aware that this might have just gone way too far.
She was sitting on the counter, her hands and her gaze on her knees that she had pulled together again.
“Crap!” she muttered. “This can’t be happening.”
 “I’m afraid it just did,” he told her, rubbing his chin.
He saw her briefly close her eyes. Then she tensely ran her hands over her face and exhaled audibly.
“I could have sworn it wasn’t just me, though,” Joe said a little defensively. He clearly sensed that her brain had just kicked into gear again and that it didn’t like at all what had just happened. In fact, it might even want to blame it all on him.
Still not looking at him, D nodded. 
Then she slid off the counter. 
He took a step to the side to give her some space. So she could storm off or whatever else she was planning to do.
Unexpectedly she just stayed where she had landed and leaned against the counter behind her, her eyes on the floor.
For lack of any better ideas, Joe leaned against the counter beside her, making sure that his arm didn’t touch hers. 
He was wracking his brain how to best handle the situation. Unfortunately, his brain seemed to be already slowing down from the painkillers. He wished her brain were equally drugged. Then they could maybe both go to sleep now, and tomorrow morning, they could pick up where they had just left off. Since she wasn’t under any influence, however, she would most likely figure out by tomorrow morning (if not right this very minute) that what had just happened, had been a big, horrible mistake.
He turned to look at her. 
“I’m sure glad we did this while I was still conscious,” he said, struggling for a joking tone.
Chewing on her lower lip, D nodded. “Yeah, I bet,” she said warily. “That’s as far as it will go, though.”
“Don’t worry.” He reached out and gave her back a gentle rub.  “That’s about all I can manage right now anyway.”
With a little chuckle that seemed to reflected disbelief, D pushed herself away from the counter. 
“I better get you something for the sofa…”

Feeling slightly delayed, Joe followed her as she headed to the living room now.
“What kind of pillow do you want?” she asked over her shoulder. “Feather or non-feather?”
“Non-feather, if you have one, but mainly just a pillow,” Joe said. 
Her asking him which kind of pillow he wanted was actually comparable to his asking her how she wanted her steak – an inquiry about something you already know the answer to anyway. Considering how long they had been together, you’d have to have been dumb and blind not to have learned about these basic preferences.
Joe followed her to the closed bedroom door where she came to a halt, her hand on the door handle. For a moment there, he expected that she would tell him to wait outside. He didn’t know what was customary in this kind of situation, but he assumed that – if anything was way off limits – it might be her bedroom.
“My bedroom is a mess,” she informed him with a little shrug. Then she pushed the door open wide as if to give him a chance to convince himself. “I’m cleaning out my closets.”
Joe leaned against the doorframe and watched her open the big wardrobe. She pulled out two pillows, threw them on the bed and then turned to the dresser. From the bottom drawer she took out two pillow cases and two sheets. 
“You use two pillows, right?” she asked as she turned back to the bed.
Joe shrugged. “Yeah, but one’s fine too… – and I can really do that myself.”
With D already pulling the first pillowcase over one of the pillows, however, he realized that doing this himself with the brace around his hand would have been a bit of a challenge, if not a total embarrassment.
Slowly he let his gaze wander around the room. There were a few pictures on the drawer unit over there, mainly family pictures as far as he could see from this distance. In order to rule out that there were any Peeetes included in that exhibit, he would have had to do a close-up inspection – something that didn’t seem like the best idea for tonight. Not only would she probably not appreciate it, he was actually way too tired to walk over there now.
His gaze returned to the bed and he registered three things: She seemed to be sleeping on the side closer to the window; the other side of the bed was buried under a few piles of clothes and stuff; under those piles was a pillow and a comforter with covers that matched hers. It was therefore hard to tell if this side had been buried under stuff for weeks or if it was quickly cleared every time Peeete came by. Because really, it didn’t seem to make much sense to equip the entire bed with matching covers when no one ever slept on the other side. Plus, if no one else was using that comforter and the pillow, why didn’t she just give him those?
“Here.” D handed him the pillows and then walked by him with the two sheets. 
 He trailed behind her to the living room, feeling comfortably numb.
She pulled the two back cushions off the sofa and leaned them against the side of the coffee table. 
“You really don’t have to make my bed,” he muttered. His own voice sounded terribly weak, even to himself.
D gave him a sympathetic look over her shoulder and unfolded one of the sheets. “Looking at you, I kind of think it’s better if I make it.” 
Feeling a sudden wave of warmth at the way she had said this, Joe dropped down on the big chair and watched her put the sheets on the sofa – one  as a bottom sheet to lie on, the other as a cover.
When she was done, she turned around to him and pointed to the wool blanket that was draped over the armrest of his chair. “You can use that in addition if you want.”
“Thanks,” he nodded, still holding his pillows on his lap. “Sure…” He handed her the blanket. The pain in his hand had faded into a faint thumping, but at the same time it was getting almost impossible to think a clear thought or focus on anything.
“Now it’s really kicking in,” he mumbled, almost surprised. 
Like in a haze, he watched D spread the blanket over the top sheet. And then head towards the bathroom.
She returned a moment later with a packaged toothbrush. Coming towards him, she popped it out of the packaging and held it out to him like a reporter who was going to interview a celebrity.
He laid the pillows that he had still been holding on the coffee table and slowly rose from the chair. 
“Come on now!” D handed him the toothbrush and nodded towards the bathroom. “Go in there while you still can. There’s towels on the shelf – take whatever you like. Come on…” There was a gentle push of her hand against his back.
Slowly nodding, he shuffled towards the bathroom.

As the bathroom door closed behind him, D stepped up to the big chair he had been sitting in and sank down on it. 
Staring at the sofa that she’d just turned into a bed, she blew out a long breath through her nose. She couldn’t believe this was happening. 
The CD had almost reached its end, with the Beverly Brothers wanting ‘More of you…’ 
She hadn’t paid much attention to the music over the past few minutes, but now, and with this particular song – she felt her stomach knot a bit. On the CD cover, Joe had scribbled something next to the title for this song: A cheesy one that just fits... 
D reached for the remote control and turned the music off. Then she leaned back in her chair and played with her earring. As strangely thrilling as all this might be at the moment, it was - from an objective point of view - just moronic. There were so many burning questions. And something told her that she probably wouldn’t like the answers one bit.

The bathroom door opened and Joe reappeared. 
His eyes met hers across the room. “Let’s sleep on it, okay?” he said with a weak smile. “We can talk tomorrow…“
Nodding, D rose from the chair. It was quite amazing that he had, despite the semi-sedated condition he seemed to be in, correctly guessed the conflicting thoughts she was pondering. 
“Unless you want me to be gone when you get up,” he said tiredly.
She shook her head. “Wake me up, if I’m not up, okay?”
“Okay.” He nodded slowly. “Same to you. If I’m still asleep when you get up, just wake me up.”
Just forget about it?
D woke up around six-thirty from some annoying bird. That bird had chosen the tree outside her bedroom window for its high-pitched, crazy morning song a few times before. 
She hated that bird!
Growling, she turned around and tried to go back to sleep. But when the memory of the previous night sneaked into her semi-conscious mind, she was wide-awake instantly. 
Oh my!!!
Draping an arm over her eyes, she tried to calm down. 
Her heart was racing and her stomach cramped in a way that made it seem unlikely that she would ever develop an appetite again. 
She drew in a deep breath. 
Her brain was flipping through last night’s events in a step-by-step fashion now – very much like a slide show depicting all the stunning highlights. 
Suddenly feeling unbearably hot, she pulled back the comforter and turned to lie on her back. Her arms flopped to the sides she stared at the ceiling of the semi-dark room. 
Out there on the sofa was the guy she had never ever wanted to see again…
This was totally insane! But at the same time it felt so exhilaratingly good. Better than anything in a very long time.
It was just crazy, though!
What could possibly come out of this? 
Why had he come back after giving her the phone? 
Why had she let him in? 
How were they supposed to act around each other this morning after what had happened last night? 
That kiss… 
Her stomach cramped some more.
God, she really needed to stop thinking about this or she would go crazy. Stop, stop, stop. She took another deep breath and closed her eyes. When all she saw, was Joe, weary-eyed and destroyed, the toothbrush in his hand, she quickly opened her eyes again.
She was already losing it!
She rolled to the edge of the bed, stretched and got up. 
She pulled the shades open, shot a quick look into the mirror next to the window, ran her fingers through her hair to detangle it a bit and then quickly changed from the tank top and shorts she had slept in, into her sweat pants, a bra and the alligator T-shirt.
Quietly, she opened her bedroom door and snuck out into the living room. On the sofa a few meters away, Joe was still sleeping.
He was lying on his stomach, just wearing his boxer shorts. The sheet and blanket had halfway slipped off the sofa. His T-shirt was lying crumpled on the floor; his jeans were rolled up on the coffee table, with his phone, wallet and car keys on top.
D could feel her heart up to her throat as she considered going over there now and waking him up. That’s what they had agreed to do, or not? And it wasn’t like there weren’t several different ways of waking him up that came to mind. But with him lying there, sleeping like a baby and wearing close to nothing, just thinking about approaching the sofa made her racing heart stop and her throat go absolutely dry. 
There was just no way she could do it. She just couldn’t.
As she watched him a little longer, she felt a bit like someone who had just paid a fortune to go bungee jumping and now stood paralyzed on the bridge across the canyon, unable to jump.
Finally she turned around and headed into the bathroom.
~~~
Joe woke up from the noise of a shower running. It took him a few seconds to get a grip on where he was and what was going on. For one half-awake moment he had actually thought that he was in his hotel room in Amsterdam hearing the shower from the room next-door. 
Once he opened his eyes, however, it all came back to him in a flash.
The painkiller had completely put him out during the night. 
Considering how the sheet was all tangled around his feet this morning and that the T-shirt he had been wearing last night was now lying on the floor, he must have had a pretty restless sleep. And he had had some really weird dreams… 
His hand seemed to be alright again, though.
As he lay there, staring at a funny looking vase up on a shelf above the stereo, he suddenly remembered last night’s agreement: whoever woke up first was supposed to wake the other one up… 
So, she should have woken him up, right? In person and not just by making some noise in the bathroom. 
He could easily imagine a few very interesting scenarios for that waking-up-scene. One could always dream, right? He knew it was unrealistic, though. Last night had been unrealistic enough, but her waking him up in a dream-like fashion wasn’t going to happen at this point. If ever again.
He sat up and reached for his phone that was lying on his jeans on the coffee table. For the first time since he had arrived in Innsbruck, he actually felt able to deal with what turning on the phone would mean.
His hands were trembling slightly as the display lit up. He typed in his pin knowing that this was going to be bad. And it was worse! 
There were fifteen missed calls. Two from Mom, thirteen from Liz.
There were five text messages, one from Mom, the other four from Liz. He wasn’t even going to look at those. He could easily guess the content.
He read Mom’s text, though. She had sent it from Spain:
Joseph,
 just wanted to see how you are. We can catch up when you feel like it. I’ll be back on Monday. 
Love you, Mom
Looking at the text, he decided that he should definitely try to call her in the afternoon. It would be good to talk to her. 
Mom had checked on him at least every other week – with a call or just a text. She had made sure to stay in touch even when he had been so bad at writing or calling himself. During telephone conversations with her or with Sarah he had always pretended that things were alright and that he was doing fine. In reality things had been far from alright.
In order to avoid that the happy façade could be destroyed by Liz screaming or shattering glass in the background while he was on the phone with Mom or Sarah, he had usually not taken any calls from them when Liz was around. Instead, he had called them back later, when he had been by himself – in the car, in a hotel or in the office. 
There had been plenty of times when things had been so bad though, that he had almost told Mom the truth. But then he had always stopped himself because it would have meant admitting that his relationship was way more screwed up than even the biggest skeptics (like Sarah) could imagine. 
He had put on a cheerful tone and kept on pretending. Sarah hadn’t really bought it, though. There had been a few times when she had told him to just cut the bullshit, because there was no way he was really happy with that bitch. (Her words…) Mom hadn’t gone quite that far, but he suspected that she had her doubts as well. She wasn’t dumb. And she knew him better than anyone ever had – except for the girl in the shower, maybe.
He deleted all the text messages from his phone. There were five voicemail messages too. All of them from Liz. He deleted them as well. Then he turned off the phone and put it back on the table.
The shower had just stopped running. He looked at his watch. Not even seven…
~~~
It took D about fifteen minutes to dry her hair, put on a bit of make up and get back into her sweats. All of this happened largely without her actively concentrating on what she was doing. Her mind was too occupied racing back and forth between what had happened last night and how to deal with it this morning. 
When she was about ready to leave the bathroom she stepped in front of the mirror once again and gave herself an undecided look. 
What was she going to do out there? What did she even want? If she could make a wish right now, what would it be? 
With all kinds of conflicting emotions and ideas flooding her mind, she shook her head and then turned away from the mirror.
At the door, her hand already on the door handle, she stopped once again. Uncertain if she should really go out there without any kind of a plan. But then again, it wasn’t as if the great plan she had had for the grill party yesterday had worked very well. She wouldn’t stick to a plan even if she had one…

As she stepped out of the bathroom, her eyes immediately flickered over to the sofa. And that’s when she felt her knees almost give in. The sofa was cleared, the back cushions back in place and the blanket was lying folded on the chair. 
On the coffee table were the two pillows and, ontop of them, the two sheets, neatly folded. 
Joe’s jeans and T-shirt were gone. Along with the rest of his stuff. And so was he. 
He was gone…
Feeling slightly nauseous all of a sudden, D reached out and grabbed hold of the doorframe. 
Somehow this felt as if someone had just sucked the life out of her. So much about the question what she would wish for. She coughed out a bitter, little laugh. That he would at least still be here when she got out of the bathroom would have been the absolute minimum.
Unable to stop staring at the bedding over at the coffee table, she finally took a step away from the bathroom door. 
How could he just leave like this? 
And why had she not had the guts to go over there and wake him up when she had still had the chance? 
She swallowed. Who was she kidding, though? Her not waking him up had hardly been a question of guts, had it? Wasn’t it much more a problem of her pride? Yeah, that was her problem, right there. 
Well, too late now! Chance gone! Boom! Like someone had poked the pretty red balloon with a needle. 
Maybe it was better this way!
She forced herself to straighten up. Follow the routine. 
She needed to go to the kitchen and make coffee. There was a good chance she wouldn’t be able to choke down any food for a while, but she would make herself some breakfast anyway and sit and watch her program. Probably best to watch an episode she had already watched, because her mind surely wouldn’t be capable of processing anything new at the moment.
But first she needed to make everything disappear that reminded her that he had ever been here.
She walked over to the sofa. On the way there she stopped at the stereo, ejected the CD and shoved it back in its case. She laid the case on top of the pile of bedding and then carried everything to her bedroom where she threw it on the bed. 
The CD bounced off again and landed on the floor. For a moment she considered picking it up but then she just left it there. Maybe after breakfast she would have the energy to finally get rid of it once and for all.
As she headed towards the kitchen now, Joe’s glass from the previous night caught her eye. It was still on the bar counter where he had left it. 
That glass absolutely needed to go too, before she could even think of having a peaceful breakfast!
She walked over there and was just reaching for it, when she noticed the key lying next to it. 
She squinted. It had a small Volvo logo on it. 
Confusedly she glanced up and through the window facing the street. Out there was the sand-colored Volvo. 
This didn’t make any sense!
Her gaze had dropped to the key again. That’s when she spotted the pen on the bar stool. It must have rolled off the counter. 
How had it gotten there, though? It belonged on her magnetic note board on the fridge. 
Still holding the glass in her hand, she slowly turned around to the fridge now. On the note board, in the same slightly messy handwriting as on the CD cover it said:
I’m getting bread. 
Joe 
Leaning her back against the bar counter, D closed her eyes for a moment and exhaled. Okay, so that obviously meant that they were having breakfast together?
~~~
D was pouring orange juice into two glasses when she heard the front door being unlocked. Her stomach knotting, she turned around.
“Hi there.” A crooked smile on his face and a paper bag from the bakery in his hand, Joe pulled the door closed behind him and stuck the key that he had borrowed back into the lock.
Then he came over and sat down on one of the bar stools. 
On the bar counter in front of him, D had set out what they needed for breakfast: two plates, knives, spoons, milk, butter, sugar and a jar of jam. 
She brought the two glasses with orange juice over and then turned around again.
“Nice bakery,” he said and watched her open the cabinet above the coffee maker.
“Yeah. It’s been there forever.” She took out two coffee mugs.
“You still like croissants?” he asked, his eyes still trained on her back. She seemed to falter at the question, but then she nodded. 
“Yeah, sure.”
“Good,” he said, “because that’s what I got.” He took the croissants out of the bag and placed one on each plate.
From the corner of his eye he could see her pour the coffee into the mugs. 
He picked up the jar of jam from the counter and looked at the handwritten label. 
“Strawberry chocolate,” he read aloud and glanced over at her. “Did Robert make that?”
“His newest creation,” she said and picked up the two coffee mugs.
Joe unscrewed the top of the jar and stuck the tip of his knife in to test a little.
“Tastes pretty good,” he said, glancing over at her. Somehow she seemed to have a serious problem looking him in the eyes this morning. That was exactly what he had been afraid of…

As she stepped around the bar counter now, the two mugs in her hands, D felt tense and shaken. Part of it was the situation as such, another part the weird sense of familiarity here. His guessing that homemade jams with unusual flavor-combinations might be her brother’s work; his remembering that she loved croissants… It actually made her worry which other, much more intimate details, he might remember.
She stepped around him, set the two cups on the bar counter, slid one over to him and sat down on the bar stool to his right.

Beside her, Joe had just taken a sip of orange juice and was watching her from the corner of his eye. 
He just hoped that sticking around here for breakfast instead of just taking off while she was in the shower hadn’t been a mistake. The thought of leaving had crossed his mind. It would have been his only chance to make it home to his room without Sarah knowing that he hadn’t slept in his own bed. But somehow that had seemed secondary to seeing Danny and figuring out where they stood this morning.
“How is your hand?” she asked with a nod at the brace. She still wasn’t meeting his eyes.
“Much better.” He put two spoons of sugar and some milk into his coffee and stirred it. “Seems like it has calmed down again.”
“That’s good.” She let the orange juice swish around in her glass, then lifted it and took a sip. “What happened… with your hand?” 
He shrugged and picked up his croissant. “Stupid accident.”
“How do you break exactly these two fingers?” She was carefully keeping her eyes on his hands.
“Put them in a place where they got crushed,” he responded drily.
A pained frown appeared on her face. “Where was that?”
Joe put on a crooked smile. “Car door…”
“Crap!” She grimaced at the pure thought. “How –?“  
“I don’t know,” he lied. “Just happened. But as long as these two still work…” He tipped the thumb and index finger together. “I guess chances aren’t too bad that I’ll survive.” 
Her gaze wandered to her coffee cup and she nodded.
Joe picked up the knife, put some jam on his croissant and took a bite.
She sipped on her coffee. 
“How much longer do you have to keep the brace on?” she asked then, her eyes flickering up to him for a moment.
“Depends,” he said and hoped that she’d let this topic go very soon. “I’ll have to have it checked sometime in the next two weeks. Maybe Rick’s Dad or one of Sarah’s doctors can do that. Then we’ll see.”
D shot him a very brief, surprised look, but then she just looked at her coffee cup again. What he had just said surely didn’t sound as if he was planning to head back to Munich in the next two weeks.

Joe realized that the timeline he’d just thrown out there had made her falter. Now she was tracing the rim of her coffee cup with her fingers, but she still didn’t say anything. 
He had kind of expected her to maybe ask the obvious, namely, how long he was planning to stay in Innsbruck, but she didn’t. 
So he drank some of his orange juice, put more jam on his croissant and took another bite, trying to hold it over his plate, so the crumbs wouldn’t all fall on the floor. He couldn’t deny that he was starting to feel a little frustrated here. At home Sarah was probably just getting up and only a few minutes away from detecting his absence. And he was here, making polite conversation about baked goods, jams and his hand injury. 
It was nice of her to ask about his hand, of course. But – first of all, there was no way he could tell her the truth about it, and, secondly, the topic just seemed to serve as a means to avoid talking about anything else. With the momentum of last night gone and a few hours of sleep, she had apparently come to her senses again. Next they would probably discuss the weather and the likelihood of thunderstorms in the evening… 
He stuffed the rest of his croissant into his mouth, brushed his hands against each other over the plate and turned his chair a bit, so he could look at her from the side. She pretended not to notice, reached for her orange juice and took a sip. She hadn’t even touched the food yet.
“Why don’t you eat something?” he said.
“I am eating…” she claimed and grabbed the croissant. She took a bite, crumbled a lot – with lots of crumbs falling on the floor – and then she put the croissant back on her plate. While doing that she gave him a so-there!- look that almost made him laugh.
“There you go,” he said with a slightly mocking edge and finished his orange juice.
From the corner of his eye he could see her pick up the croissant again and take another tiny bite. Then she turned to him and gave him a look from the side. He didn’t dare look back at her for fear of scaring her off. 
“I… I thought you’d left,” he heard her say, her voice a little shaky. “When I came out of the bathroom… I didn’t see your note at first.”
Joe turned to face her. “I was thinking about it,” he admitted, his eyes locking with hers for the short moment she would allow it. “You didn’t wake me up, so I wasn’t sure I should seriously stick around.” 
“I was thinking about it…” she mumbled stubbornly, “…about the waking up part…” She reached for her orange juice and finished it.
With her setting the glass back down, it became very quiet again.
And there seemed to be this nerve-wrecking tension in the air.
Unable to stand it any longer, Joe picked up his coffee cup and got up from his bar stool. 
This wasn’t going anywhere! Maybe not sitting so close together would make it easier. 
He stepped up to the window behind the bar counter and looked outside.
It was a beautiful day. 
Her neighbor with the dog, whom he had met as he had left for the bakery, was just coming back from the morning walk; some little kid was riding a bike on the sidewalk; the guy across the street was dragging an ancient-looking lawn mower out of his garage…
Clearing his throat, Joe made his eyes change focus until he could see D’s reflection in the window. She had turned her chair to the side a bit, one arm on the bar counter, the other draped over the back of her chair and was glaring towards the living room. 
He really wished he could read her mind.
“So, can we actually talk about it?” he asked seriously.
In the reflection he could see her swivel her chair a bit and shoot him a look.
“Talk about what?” she asked slowly.
Shrugging he turned around, so he was looking at her again. “Well, we could start with last night…” he suggested and leaned against the windowsill behind him.
She looked back at him and blinked a lot more than necessary.
“Or should we just forget about it?” He had managed to make it sound like a friendly offer. He knew that this was pushing it, though, because with some bad luck that was exactly what she had in mind – just forgetting about last night…
Instead of an answer she dropped her gaze to the floor where all her crumbs had landed and exhaled audibly.
Joe watched her, the frustration close to reaching a breaking point. What the hell was he still doing here? What did he even want from her? Did he seriously, in addition to the big mess with Liz that was probably far from over, want to get any further into this highly complicated situation? If he needed some cheering up, why not look for some nice girl out there who was not his ex? Picking up girls had never been a problem...
Regarding Danny, he should probably just be happy and content that they would – hopefully – be spending the coming weekend more peacefully than the grill party. 
That was worth something, wasn’t it? 
Shouldn’t that be enough? 
His left hand now cramped around the ledge of the windowsill he considered this. 
No! It wasn’t enough! Not by far! Not anymore! Even if he couldn’t put a finger on what it was he wanted, he was relatively sure that it was slightly more than just peace.
Blowing out a breath, he downed the rest of his coffee and set the empty mug on the dining table beside him.
She had glance up at him briefly, but there still wasn’t any statement. Or maybe that was the statement…
“Okay,” he said with a shrug. “So let’s not talk about last night then. There are a few other issues, though, right?”
“Like what?” she challenged.
“Well, I would think there’d be some questions. Or not? Do you want to talk about them?”
“I don’t have any questions,” she claimed.
“Liar!” he blasted and shook his head.
She was looking over at him, her eyes narrow. 
“What questions could there possibly be?” she asked with a trace of sarcasm.
“You know exactly what I mean,” he said, giving her a firm look.
She let out a bitter, little laugh. “Even if I had questions,” she said, “I can’t imagine I’d like hearing the answers. So…” She shrugged.
“Grrr, Danny!” Joe angrily shook his head. “If you don’t even ask, how will you ever know?”
She looked back at him with a guarded expression.
“Great,” Joe decided, “I’ll start then. Because, as it happens, I actually do have some questions!”
He realized that this was quite ironic. He was the one who had always avoided relationship talk at all cost, and now he was feeling frustrated by her refusal to talk things over…
“What’s going on with Pete?” he asked curtly. “Are you two still together?” Even to himself he sounded a bit like the public prosecutor in a cross-examination.
She didn’t like it, of course. Neither the question, nor the style.
“I don’t think that’s really any of your business,” she said in a strained voice.
He shrugged. “Maybe not. But after last night I’d kind of like to know.”
For a moment she glared right back at him. Then she shifted her gaze to the dining table and shook her head. “No we’re not,” she said quietly.
Joe scratched his head. This did confirm what Sarah had told him, but it didn’t really make a whole lot of sense.
“But he called you last night,” he pointed out.
“A lot of people call me,” she retorted.
“Yeah, but hopefully not all of them in the middle of the night and with such annoying persistence!” There was an acidic undertone.
“I can’t stop him from calling if he wants to, can I?”
“Guess not.” He shrugged. “What happened anyway?”
“What?” She couldn’t quite follow.
“What did he do?” Joe specified, “Since it’s over…”
“What makes you so sure it was he who did anything?” she asked.
“Let me rephrase it then,” Joe said, “What did he or you do?”
For a moment she seemed to weigh her answer, then her face hardened. “At least I didn’t find him messing around with his best friend’s ex in his best friend’s basement, if that’s what you want to know.”
Joe swallowed. “Like I…” 
The way his expression had just slipped as if she had slapped him, D was suddenly feeling almost sick to the stomach. She wished she could take it back. But to claim now that she hadn’t meant it that way would be a blatant lie. Of course she’d meant it that way. Only that now she wished she hadn’t said it. 
There was probably only so much crap he was going to take from her before he eventually lost his patience and left. And no one could blame him for it…

Over at the window Joe had pushed himself away from the windowsill.
“Great then,” he said dryly. “Given the unforgivable history, I guess we can as well stop this discussion.” His coffee cup in hand, he came over, snatched his plate from the bar counter and stepped around into the kitchen.
Frozen in her chair, D watched him put his dishes into the dishwasher. Then he reached across the counter and grabbed his orange juice glass and his car keys and turned around again.
D watched him, struggling with a  giant lump in her throat. 
 “I don’t know what you expect me to say,” she said hardly getting the words out. There was a good chance he hadn’t even heard her since he was just closing the dishwasher after putting his glass in.
He had heard her. 
He turned around and leaned against the kitchen counter. For a moment he just silently stared down at the tile floor. Then he shrugged, pushed himself away from the counter and headed out of the kitchen.
D could feel her throat tighten. Okay, so this was it then.

To her big surprise he didn’t head towards the living room and ultimately the front door. Instead he stepped around the bar counter and returned to his bar stool. 
He perched on it and just played with his key in his lap for a moment. 
Finally he looked over at her again.
“So, should we just forget about last night then?” he asked seriously. “We can. Just tell me. It’s up to you.”
Swallowing hard, D dropped her gaze to her knees. 
“Hey…” he said softly and nudged her knee with his braced hand. “you don’t know, do you?”
Her eyes returned to him. “Well, do you???”
He almost laughed at suddenly having the question back in his court.
“Do I know?” There was trace of amusement in his voice now. “Yeah, actually–” He weighed his words carefully, his eyes on his key now. “I’m pretty sure I’d rather not forget about it…”
What followed was a moment of total silence.
Finally D sucked in a quick breath that she puffed back out right away. “What about Liz then?” she asked as if to remind him of something he seemed to have overlooked. “Do you want to tell me about that? About you and Liz. And how last night fits into that…”
Strangely enough, Joe felt relief at hearing it. Thank God it was out! He had really needed her to ask this – the one thing that really needed to be clarified here… Even if it sure hadn’t sounded pretty. Especially with the way she had pronounced Liz’s name.
“Or maybe it’s Inga or Susan or whatever by now…” D muttered while staring at her hands that she was kneading in her lap.
Ignoring the side-kick, he shook his head. “Na, that would still be Liz, actually. And it’s over.”
Her lips tightly pressed together she looked up at him and blinked, but that was about it.
“I left,” he said calmly.
The look she was giving him was so guarded that it was impossible to read.
“I haven’t even told Sarah yet,” he told her, just to say something.
“Why not?” she asked. And then, as an afterthought: ”She’ll probably love it!”
Joe couldn’t help chuckling at the way she had said it. That sarcasm!
And then, totally unexpectedly, a wary, somewhat helpless smile seemed to spread across her face. “Your sister’s got a right to know these things,” she said sounding not quite serious.
It made him laugh. “Well, my sister would probably fully agree with you there,” he said. “And it’s not as if I’m trying to keep it from her. There just hasn’t been a good time to tell her. I mean – with Sarah you can’t just quickly inform her about something like this and move on. She’ll ask questions. Lots of questions.” He rolled his eyes. “That takes time and lots of patience…” 
Then his face turned serious again. “Speaking of Sarah, though…” He sucked in a sharp breath through clenched teeth as if he had just thought of something very unpleasant. “I think I should get going here pretty soon!” He gave her knee a gentle pat. “I told Jack I’d come by in the morning and help him with his car…” 
He slipped off his seat. “And I still need to go over to Sarah’s first and shower and maybe shave. I sure hope she’s not up yet.”
Biting down on her lower lip, D looked at him with a somewhat concerned expression. “What are you going to do if she is?” she asked.
“Oh, I don’t know,” he said mischievously. “How did you put it earlier? That thing you said about Sarah having a right to know certain things.” He batted his eyes at her. “Does that apply here?”
D coughed. Then she shook her head. “No, definitely not,” she seemed to be suppressing a chuckle. “You can make an exception here.”
“Oh, can I?” The way she looked at him now, Joe was hard-pressed to lean closer and kiss her. But then he just rubbed his nose and chuckled. “I guess I won’t tell her then. She probably wouldn’t believe it anyway…” 
Her face lit up and there was a crooked smile.
“I’m sure glad this is a comfort to you,” he laughed. “Anyway, I really need to go…” He reached out and gave her shoulder a quick, gentle rub. “You have a good day, okay!”
She nodded, her expression suddenly not so delighted anymore. “It’s going to be just great,” she said gloomily, “I’m meeting Sarah for lunch…”
 “Oh, yeah, right,” Joe laughed. “Then you better make sure that you don’t accidently say anything wrong….”
Waffles or Pancakes…
Sarah woke up at eight-thirty.
She stretched, yawned and turned over again. 
It was so nice not to have to jump out of bed right away! 
She only had one more evening shift tonight and then a three-day weekend. She really couldn’t wait for that!
Staring towards the wicker chair in the corner, her thoughts drifted off to the grill party that she had missed last night, and she wondered how D and Joe had gotten along. She didn’t really expect to receive information on this from either of them, of course. She would have to ask Jack. 
Joe and she had something else to discuss this morning: Liz. 
She had decided yesterday that she wouldn’t let him get up from the breakfast table before he had given her a full report on what was really up with him and Liz.
Listening for any noises from upstairs, she briefly held her breath. She couldn’t hear anything. He was probably still asleep. Must have gotten home really late last night. She had fallen asleep around midnight, and he hadn’t been home by then. 

After a few more minutes of zoning out in bed, Sarah finally got up. She went over to the window and pulled up the shades. 
She blinked as the bright sunshine blinded her. 
Today was going to be another beautiful summer day. And the weather forecast for the next few days was perfect as well.
She went into the bathroom and had a quick shower. While she put some make-up on and kneaded her damp hair a bit, her stomach started to growl. 
Maybe she should make waffles for breakfast… or pancakes… with bacon and maple syrup? 
She never made that kind of big breakfast just for herself, but with Joe here, it might actually make sense. He loved that sort of sweet-and-salty breakfast just as much as she did. And maybe it would make him more inclined to talk.
Back in her room she quickly slipped into Capri pants and a blue T-shirt, and then headed downstairs to the kitchen. 
She still hadn’t made up her mind whether to make waffles or pancakes. Maybe she should just ask Joe what he wanted?
She went out into the hallway, held her breath and listened for noises from upstairs. There was nothing.
“Joe?” she shouted up the stairs.
She waited for a moment, but there was no reaction. 
It was nine-thirty now. Not really that late, but still… Time for him to get up!
Taking the stairs two at a time, Sarah climbed up three flights of stairs. His room was on the top level of the house right under the roof, with a bathroom across the landing. 
Everything was quiet up here, and the bathroom was deserted.
Sarah stepped up to the door of his room and put her ear against it.
Total silence. 
She knocked.
“Joe, wake up!”
There was no answer.
“Joe, I’m going to make breakfast.” She knocked again, expecting to at least hear him growl and ask why she wasn’t just making breakfast then. But there was no noise from inside the room even now. 
She knocked a few more times; harder now. “Do you want waffles or pancakes?”
She was getting really irritated. 
“Joooooe!” Breakfast time! I’m hungry!” 
There still wasn’t any response. No swearing, no objects being flung against the door, no nothing.
“Man, wake up!” she called, “Are you deaf?”
Her hand was on the door handle now, but she hesitated. She wasn’t really comfortable walking into his room, because it was hard to predict what she would find. Especially how much clothing, if any, he might be wearing… 
Finally she pressed down the door handle nevertheless.
One glimpse into the room was enough for her to come to a complete halt, her eyes wide. 
The shades were open, the sun was shining in and the bed was empty. From the way it looked, it hadn’t been touched last night either. His laptop and a crumpled shirt were lying on the day cover. There was no trace of him.
Huffing out an incredulous breath, Sarah shook her head. This must be a joke! 
She slammed the door shut and ran downstairs to her room. Taking a look out the window she noticed what she had somehow missed earlier:  The Volvo wasn’t parked out there.
She returned to the kitchen now, her appetite for pancakes or waffles gone.
Absent-mindedly she made herself some coffee, toasted a piece of bread, put butter and Nutella on it and sat down at the kitchen table, her mind racing. 
Where could he possibly be? 
Should she be worried? 
Should she call him? That, of course, depended very much on where he was. Somewhere in her sick mind she couldn’t help imagining him lying next to some naked girl…
Tapping her foot, Sarah tried to keep her vivid imagination from running wild. 
Maybe it was all perfectly harmless… 
Only that there weren’t a whole lot of harmless explanations for an overnight absence that lasted until now.
The possibility that he might have had an accident flashed through her mind.  It was a really scary thought. Someone would have contacted here by now, though.
Stuffing the last piece of toast into her mouth, she got up and grabbed her phone from the counter where it had been charging. 
On her way back to the table she called Joe’s number.
The call landed in his voicemail right away. 
With an angry hiss Sarah slammed the phone on the table without leaving a message and then plopped down on her chair again. 
She took a sip from her coffee and told herself that it was actually none of her business what her brother did with his nights. He was grown up – at least officially. 
If anyone had a right to be angry and upset about this, it was his girlfriend, who – as far as Sarah was concerned – deserved just that! So, maybe there even was a silver lining here? He might be out there cheating on Liz!
Still, his not being here was extremely annoying! The plan had been to have breakfast together and finally talk about some important things. Now this talk had to be postponed again. Just because of some stupid girl he had probably picked up at a bar…
Suddenly the phone started to ring beside her.
Sarah reached for it, already taking a deep breath so she could give Joe a piece of her mind. She realized just in time that the caller wasn’t Joe, but Jack.
“Hello Jack…”
“Hi, Sarah! How’s it going?” He seemed in a very good mood. He almost always was.
“I’m okay…” Sarah said. She had spontaneously decided not to mention her missing brother for now. Instead she asked, “How was the party last night?”
“It was fun,” Jack said. “And the food was good… They let Joe grill the steaks, which was probably a good thing. Guess after last time, when I burnt them all, no one will ever trust me again!”
Sarah laughed. “Maybe one day we’ll give you another chance. But I’m afraid it will be a while.”
“Ha Ha Ha!” Jack pretended to be upset. “Anyway, the food was good and we had fun. Tony showed some baby pictures, apparently loves being a Dad; Carey’s doing much better than when we last saw her; Gerry and Anja are still happy and in love and Rick’s going on some sailing trip in three weeks with a new flame that loves sailing. Yeah, and Sun got pretty drunk again.” Jack paused for a moment. “That’s it in a nutshell. The only bad thing that happened was that my car wouldn’t  start on the way back. I ended up asking Joe and he took us home. He probably already told you about that, though.”
Sarah frowned. “No, Joe hasn’t told me anything about that, because I haven’t seen him yet.”
“Still in his room, huh?” Jack concluded. “Well, he just called me and said that he’ll pick me up in half an hour to go over to Anja’s and help me with my car. He’ll probably be down for breakfast pretty soon. Actually… can you tell him to call me back. I can’t reach him and I’d like him to bring jumper cables if he’s got any.”
“He just called you?” Sarah sounded as if Jack had just mentioned the arrival of the little green men.
“Yeah, just five minutes ago.” Jack seemed confused by her tone.
”That’s really interesting!” She wasn’t even trying to hide her irritation now. “Because he’s not in his room, where you’d think he’d be. He’s actually not been there all night from what I can tell.”
“What…Where is he?”
Sarah coughed. “Are you seriously asking me? I just know that he definitely didn’t spend last night in his bed. But, fortunately, since he just called you, he must be alive out there somewhere.” She broke off for a moment. “Any idea where he could be?”
“Well… I don’t know…” Jack seemed taken aback. “All I can tell you is that, since my car didn’t start, he took us home. Me and D and Sun.”
“Right. I forgot they’d been riding with you,” Sarah said. “I bet D was really thrilled about this arrangement!”
“Well, yeah, sure she was! But I didn’t want to ask Gerry to drive all over creation. For Joe it was kind of on the way at least…”
Sarah considered this for a moment.
“Did you go out with him afterwards or anything?” she asked.
“No, he dropped me off first. Took the Autobahn, so it made sense. After that, I’m pretty sure he got rid of D, because, honestly, those two in a car together alone – you could probably pick icicles afterwards…”
“That bad, huh?”
“Well, during the party, with everyone around, it was actually okay, but even then there were some moments.  I mean, D is covering it up pretty well, but I wouldn’t say she’s exactly cool about him being here. She can’t be… Right after we’d eaten, Sun dropped some silly comment to her about why she and Joe can’t just make peace or however she phrased it. She’d already had way to much to drink by then - Sun. Anyway, I really thought, D’s going to have a heart attack. Fortunately Joe handled it pretty well. But without that…”
“Well, as long as it’s not open war.”
“No, it’s not. But I’m not sure how well D would keep it in, if she got him alone. I mean…maybe she’d just ignore him, I don’t know. Anyway, I’m sure it’s nothing he’d want to expose himself to. Wouldn’t be the most pleasant car ride, I bet.” He paused for a moment. “So, then there was still Sun to take home…”
Something in his tone made Sarah’s ears perk up. “Why are you saying it like that? You don’t think he–”
“No, probably not,” Jack backpedaled, “Just that… well, Sun was – how should I say? – well, you know how she is. She’d had way too much to drink and she seemed very, very drawn to your brother all evening.”
“O-kay…”
“I really don’t know for sure,” Jack said, “And during the party Joe actually seemed pretty irritated with her. But… you know how these things go. He drives her home, she’s really tipsy, he walks her to her door, she gets all needy and–”
“Invites him in to show him her stamp collection?” Sarah concluded darkly.
“It’s possible,” Jack said, then cleared his throat. “Sun has her ways, so I hear. Still – we might be doing them both really wrong.”
Sarah exhaled angrily. Unfortunately, it seemed to make perfect sense.
”All men are idiots!” she grumbled.
Jack laughed. “Thanks, Sarah!”
“I didn’t mean you!”
“Great. Which part are you excluding me from? The idiot part or the men part?”
“The idiot part, you idiot!”
Jack laughed some more. “Anyway,” he said, turning serious again, “it could also be that he just went to a bar afterwards. By himself.”
“Yeah, right! Until almost ten in the morning? Do you know any bars that are open that long?”
“Guess not,” Jack admitted reluctantly. “What’s wrong with him anyway? He seemed a bit down all evening. Like he actually could use some cheering up. What’s going on with Liz?”
Sarah scoffed. “Don’t ask me! I’d love to know that myself, but you know how he is. He doesn’t talk unless he feels like it, and so far he hasn’t been inclined to enlighten me. So, your guess is as good as mine!” She was about to add something when she suddenly heard the key in the front door.
“Guess who’s just coming home now,” she scathed into the phone. “I’ll talk to you later, Jack…”
She hung up, laid the phone on the table and waited. The front door had just fallen closed, and she could hear a key jingle and footsteps approaching.
“Joe?” She tried to sound halfway friendly but even to herself she sounded like the evil guard in an orphanage who has caught a kid sneaking in after curfew.
Joe stuck his head into the kitchen.
“Hi,” he said with a somewhat cautious expression.
The first thing Sarah noticed about him was the wrinkled T-shirt. From experience she knew that T-shirts don’t get wrinkled unless they are taken off, carelessly dropped and left lying somewhere for several hours. Also, he needed to shave and he didn’t look like he had had a night full of healthy sleep…
“Oh, look who’s here–” she started.
“Sarah–” he interrupted her, his hands raised defiantly. “I really don’t want to hear it, okay? Unfortunately I didn’t make it back here in time for this to go unnoticed, but I don’t want to discuss it!” 
He took a glass out of the cupboard, filled it with water and leaned against the sink across from her.
“Of course you don’t want to discuss it!” she snapped.
“Just stop it, okay?” He gave her a hard look.
Sarah shot him a furious look back, but realized at the same time that she didn’t have a right to press him for answers here.
“Well, I’m just a bit pissed,” she grumbled, “I was going to make pancakes or waffles, so we could have breakfast together and talk. But then I realize, you’re not even in your bed.” She angrily shook her head. “But do what you want, Joe! I don’t care. And I don’t care what’s up with your girlfriend or why you’re even here…”
The way he was glaring back at her now showed that he was close to giving her a very unfriendly response, but then he just exhaled and ran his hand over his forehead as if to rub off what bothered him.
“I will talk to you, Sarah, I promise,” he said, his tone a lot more conciliatory, “Just not right now, okay? I need to take a shower, I need to change and I need to be at Jack’s in twenty minutes. His car crapped out last night and I promised I’d drive back with him this morning and see if we can get it running again.“
“I already know all that,” Sarah said curtly. ”Jack just called…”
“Well, then.” Joe shrugged and took another sip from his glass.
“He wants you to call him back,” Sarah told him testily. “Couldn’t reach you because you have your phone turned off all the time for some stupid reason…”
“Oh, okay.” He nodded and placed the empty glass on the counter. “I’ll call him.” Then he turned to leave.
“Don’t you want coffee or anything?” Sarah asked. “There’s toast too…”
With a quick look at his watch he shook his head. “No, Thanks. I’m fine.”
“Have you already had breakfast?” 
Joe drew in an irritated breath. “Is that a problem?”
“Oh, how nice…” she mocked. 
She was going to add something, but when she saw the look he was giving her, she stopped herself and just took a quick sip of coffee. 
“We could talk tonight,” Joe offered. “We can even go out for dinner…”
“I’m working tonight,” Sarah retorted. “From five to eleven. And before that, I’m doing something with D.”
“Oh, okay. So not tonight then,” he concluded, glad that he had caught himself just before a ‘Yeah. Right. I totally forgot.’ could slip out. “How about tomorrow?”
Sarah nodded. “Yeah, sure, tomorrow would work…”
“We can go out for breakfast?” he suggested.
 “Sure. Breakfast sounds good.” Sarah nodded. “There’s a new café at the river that’s really good.”
“Great! Let’s go there. I’ll pay.”
“You’ll pay and you’ll talk!” She pointed a finger at him.
“Right…” A crooked smile appeared on his face. “I’ll pay and I’ll talk…”
Sarah managed a smile as well. “I’ll reserve a table. Since a lot of people probably have tomorrow off…”
“Yeah, good idea.”
“What time?”
He shrugged. “I don’t know. Maybe around nine?”
Sarah nodded. “Yeah, sounds good.”

With the breakfast plan for the next day settled, Joe went up to his room.
Alone in the kitchen now, Sarah finished her coffee and tried to read the paper. 
Her thoughts kept wandering off, though. To the possibility that her brother may have spent the night with Sun. And stuck around for breakfast…
Couldn’t he just pick up some random stranger, if he seriously needed some – how had Jack put it? – some cheering up? That would have been bad enough, of course, but starting something with Sun… And staying for breakfast!?! 
She didn’t really have anything against Sun as a person. What really bothered her was the fact that this little fling might keep on simmering over the weekend. She could only hope that Joe and Sun would have enough brains and tact to handle this halfway discreetly. 
It made Sarah cringe to imagine the effect it would have on D’s mood if they didn’t...
A Talk with Jack 
When Joe arrived, Jack was playing with Sam, his golden retriever, on the green strip across from the parking lot.
”I’ll be right there!” he called over and threw the stick for the dog one more time. 
It took Sam only two seconds to bring it back. 
“Good boy”, Jack patted him on the back. “Now come on, let’s go inside!” 

While Jack and Sam disappeared through the hedge towards the building, Joe stayed in the car and looked through the glove compartment for something to clean his sunglasses with. Finally he just used his T-shirt.
Jack came back a few minutes later, a big leather bag that contained his tools over his shoulder. He put the bag in the trunk.
“How’s it going?” he asked as he dropped into the passenger seat.
“Pretty good,” Joe said and backed up the car. “I brought the jumper cables…”
“Thanks,” Jack nodded. “I can’t imagine it would be the battery – but it’s good to have them, just in case.” He went on telling Joe what he thought might really be wrong with the car. 
“I’ve had that exact same problem already twice with two other cars,” he said.
Joe nodded, unable to suppress a grin. “You and your cars…” It had always amazed him how Jack never seemed to give up on a car unless it was completely dead. And when that happened, he didn’t go out and buy something newer and more reliable. He undoubtedly could afford a brand new car easily. But no, he just got another old, pitiful wreck that he fixed up with lots of love and patience in the garage of his Dad’s car dealership. And then he held on to that until it gave up the ghost a few years down the road. It was like a game to him.
“Sarah said you only got home this morning,” Jack said while Joe was still pondering the car issue.
”I’m glad the news travels so fast!” Joe said with a trace of sarcasm.
“Well, yeah, what do you expect, Joe?,” Jack shrugged.  “Where have you been?”
“Grrr…” Joe shook his head in exasperation. “Sarah absolutely can’t keep her mouth shut, can she? Let’s just say I was in the park, staring at the stars trying to figure out something, okay?”
Jack laughed. “Sure, let’s pretend that. It doesn’t match my little theory, but well…”
Joe faltered at the mention of a theory. There was no way Jack could have any idea where he’d really been, or was there? 
“What kind of theory?” he asked, trying to sound amused when he really wasn’t at the moment.
“Well, with you driving us home,” Jack said like that was the key.
Joe felt his stomach knot.
“Oh, come on, Joe…” Jack laughed. “Sun has been quite taken with you all evening. Was plain to see. And then you drive her home and don’t resurface until half an hour ago.”
“Huh?” Joe couldn’t quite follow. “Don’t tell me you think I went home with Sun!”
“Well, didn’t you?” Jack sounded confused.
“No!” Joe shook his head. “She was totally drunk, in case you didn’t notice. It was actually bad enough having to drive her home.”
“Okay, okay.” Jack sounded really uncomfortable now. “Sorry then…Wrong theory. It’s just… You did kind of look like you could use some distraction. And so I thought…”
“Yeah, right!” Joe grumbled. “And so you thought I went home with Sun. That’s exactly the kind of distraction I’d still need!” He shook his head. “I’m not that stupid…”
Jack couldn’t help laughing at the indignation. “Oh, come on Joe,” he said, “we both know that I’ve seen you do things that were a lot more stupid!”
Joe’s expression hardened. This was Jack referring to his getting involved with Liz, of course. Particularly the fact that it had happened after Jack had explicitly warned him.
“Now, don’t be pissed, okay?” Jack said.
“I’m not pissed,” Joe retorted. “Just… I guess, I’m surprised… And by the way, I broke up with Liz.”
Jack let out a little cough. “What? – Ahm... O-kay?”
“Sorry.” Joe gave him a quick look and an apologetic, little shrug. “I guess I should have started out with an introduction…”
“Yeah, that would have been helpful,” Jack said dryly. “But I understand that you’re still practicing, right? Because you haven’t told Sarah yet, have you?”
“Nope!” Joe shook his head. “She’s been wanting me to talk talk talk and spill my guts as soon as I arrived, of course. But on Tuesday I just wasn’t up to it and yesterday we had some delightful conversations about my father instead. And since then there just hasn’t been enough time.”
“You make it sound like you’re waiting for the right moment to propose to someone, Joe, and not to tell your sister that it’s over with Liz.”
“Well, Sarah and I are going out for breakfast tomorrow morning and then I’ll tell her,” Joe said. “Content?”
Jack nodded with a hint of a grin. “Yeah, sounds good… And I don’t think you’ll need to bring tissues. Sarah won’t be crying over the loss!”
Joe couldn’t help laughing. “You don’t say!”
“Yeah, well...” Jack chuckled. “And it’s not as if we haven’t been wondering. At least Sarah and I.” He turned serious again. “I mean –  with you suddenly saying that you’re coming and that you might actually stay for a while…”
His eyes fixed on the road, Joe just nodded. 
“What happened?” Jack asked. “With Liz…”
“A lot happened,” Joe said. “I don’t even quite know where to begin. And I doubt that you want to know all the details. Let’s just say it’s gotten really bad lately. Not that it hasn’t been bad for quite a while, but…” He paused for a moment and shrugged. “Anyway, it’s over.”
“Okay,” Jack nodded. “Knowing her a bit myself, I can see where you’re coming from, I guess. I would have kind of thought that she’d have been different with you, though. I mean – you’ve hung in there for a pretty long time…”
“Yeah, maybe sometime I’ll tell you how the hanging in there worked,” Joe said with a humorless laugh. It had just struck him how Jack and he could probably really compare notes here. Just like Liz had said. This was kind of sick…
“Are you okay?” Jack asked. He sounded concerned.
Drawing in a deep breath, Joe nodded. “Yep! I’m fine.”
“And you… you don’t really want to talk about what happened.” 
Joe thought about this for a moment. Jack was probably the only person that he could share at least some of the creepy details with and who would understand rather than being judgmental.
“Well, the thing is…” he started, still scrambling for a way to say this without slipping into a bitter rant. “She freaks out. Like - really freaks out. About minor things. She freaks out and screams and throws stuff and sobs and smashes something and – ...anyway, it’s bad.” He paused for a moment to gather his thoughts and his composure.
“And then she drinks…” A slightly sarcastic edge had crept into his voice. “She drinks regularly and a lot, because she’s got to go to all these wonderful art gallery parties, dressed up like some starlet for the Oscars. Yeah… and to even it out a bit, she takes pills. To help her sleep, to help her stay awake, to help her with whatever else… I don’t know! There’s just a whole variety. And - before I forget: She fu– she sleeps around.” 
He paused for a moment and shot Jack a quick look. He was glaring out the front window, a stern expression on his face.
“Three guys I know about for sure,” Joe continued. “Probably a bunch more that I don’t know about.” He shrugged “Anyway, we didn’t have the most harmonious time lately. And I haven’t even been home that much. But when I was home, I tell you! Well, and then this happened.” He held up his injured hand.
Jack looked perplexed. “What do you mean? She did that?”
“Yep.”
“How the hell–?”
Joe shrugged. ”Not that hard to do. Just slammed the car door shut with my fingers still in it.”
“Eeww!” Jack grimaced at the pure thought of it. “And she did that on purpose?”
 “Heck, yeah! Definitely not some unfortunate accident. I do know the difference, believe me!”
“Crap!” Jack rubbed his forehead. “That is pretty bad then…”
“Yeah, you could say that.”

With both of them just staring out the front window now, Jack remembered when he had first met Liz. It had actually been he who had made her acquaintance first. 
He had been biking back from his summer job over four years ago; it had been getting dark, and somewhere in a remote area he had spotted the hot blonde in a short summer dress standing on the side of the bike path, waving at him. She had had a flat tire.
Looking back on it now, it all seemed like the undemanding script for a cheaply-made adult movie. Here comes the blonde and just sweeps him off his feet. And she really had.
He had jumped off his bike, had had a look at her tire and patched it up with something he always carried with him. While he had been fixing her bike they had chatted a bit and he had found out that she had just moved to a little apartment in Innsbruck and was going to attend some private college for art management.
Two days later they had gone out for dinner and ended up on the mattress in her barely furnished flat. 
He had been crazy about her (and what they did on that mattress).
A week later he had introduced her to his friends. 
Initially she had seemed all chipper and enthusiastic about getting to know them and doing stuff with them, but it hadn’t taken long before she had started bitching. About Sarah and about D; about the boring conversations and exhausting hikes and about how she’d much rather spend time alone with him.
For a while he hadn’t argued with her (the mattress activities being just too amazing to give up for a hike with friends). Even then he had already started to notice that she could be quite moody and weird, however.
He had spent a lot of time helping her fix up the flat she had been renting. It had been a real dump. Only much later had he found out that she actually came from a fairly wealthy family in Munich and could have easily afforded a nice flat or a handyman to fix this one up. To her, this whole thing of studying in Innsbruck had been nothing but a little ego trip; a way to get away from her family and enjoy some adventures. 
At the time he hadn’t known that, though, and had therefore gone out of his way to help her and make her happy.
It was maybe two or three months into their relationship that Joe had come into the picture: Liz had bought some used furniture, and he had asked Joe to help him pick it up and assemble it in Liz’s bedroom.
Joe had agreed even though he hadn’t liked Liz at all. He hadn’t made any effort to hide it, either.  
Jack clearly remembered how Joe and he had been putting up the armoire in Liz’s bedroom and Liz had kept strolling around them and Joe had snapped at her more than once to get out of the way for God’s sake. 
It hadn’t made much of an impression on Liz, though. She had kept coming by and there’d been a few moments where Jack could have sworn that she was trying to flirt with Joe. 
Liz and he had had a big fight afterwards. He’d accused her of flirting with Joe right under his nose and she had laughed and said he must have hallucinations and a minority complex.
Things had gone downhill fast in the coming months. They had had lots of arguments and her high-maintenance, erratic behavior was really starting to get on his nerves. As was her flirting with other guys.
Also, the fact that he hardly got to see his friends anymore had contributed to his getting tired of her. 
For a while he had still half-heartedly tried to fix things with her, but the bitchier and moodier she got, the less sense he saw in staying together.
It had ended right after Christmas without a big bang and he had assumed he’d seen and heard the last of her.
Then, several months later, Joe had told him that he had received a call from her. Liz. Calling Joe on his mobile. Out of the blue.
She had asked Joe for help with a computer problem and some other thing in her flat. She had claimed she just didn’t know whom else to call.
Even though Joe hadn’t liked her, he wasn’t the type to refuse to help when being asked. So, he had agreed to go over there. For the first such visit he had needed help because some furniture lifting was involved. He had asked Jack to come with him and Jack had agreed. For the consecutive trips to Liz’s place  - to fix her computer problems - Joe had gone by himself. 
Jack remembered telling him beforehand to watch it. 
A half-hearted warning masked as a joke: “Just make sure you don’t get too close to her bed, or she’ll try to pin you to it!” 
Joe had laughed it off. And, at that, time Jack had found it laughable as well. After all, Joe and D had both applied for a student exchange year in London and the departure date had been just a few months away. 
At the time, Jack would have thought Joe was the last one who’d ever fall for Liz…
The rest was history. 
The big crash happened maybe two months later. Soon after that, D moved out of the dorm prematurely and then left for London – alone. 
Then Liz suddenly disappeared – back to Munich.
And a few weeks later, to everyone’s big surprise, Joe was gone as well. He’d moved in with Liz.
Jack had been kind of shocked. Sarah had been furious. Everybody else, who hadn’t been so close to the protagonists and didn’t know much of what had happened, had just been confused.
Jack had, very much like Sarah, assumed that Joe had just temporarily lost it and was going to be back within a few weeks, laughing about it all. But then it had been almost three months until there had been any sign of life from him again: In a short e-mail he’d asked Jack if he could come and stay with him for a few days while taking his two final exams.
Well, and here they were now – almost three years later…
Jack glanced over at Joe. “So, that’s why you’re here then?” he asked.
Joe shrugged, his eyes fixed on the road. “Kind of. I guess this whole reunion thing was the inspiration to get out now. Hence the timing... Otherwise, who knows how much longer it could have dragged on.” He glanced over with a smile. “Thanks for still inviting me even though I haven’t kept in touch much…”
Jack laughed. “You’re welcome! I think it’s great you came! Sorry to hear about the breakup, though.”
“Yeah, well…” Joe shrugged again, “I should have listened to you when you warned me. Because, honestly, that whole thing has probably been wrong right from the start. I mean – I can see it now. And I’ve gotten to the point where I can even admit it.”
Jack nodded. He realized that admitting this kind of thing to someone who had warned you well in advance couldn’t be easy.
“Anyway,” Joe said matter-of-factly, “it could have probably really gone on forever. You kind of get used to things you previously thought you would never ever put up with. It just becomes standard procedure. It’s crazy, really. But recently there have been a few real highlights, one of which was the two broken fingers, so I finally decided I’ve had it.” He broke off and let out a little laugh. “Couldn’t you just pedal faster when you saw her there with her flat tire?”
“So, it’s all my fault now, huh?” Jack chuckled.
“Just kidding…” Joe said, “Anyway, when I packed for my last business trip I just threw in a few extra clothes and left.”
“Probably a good thing,” Jack said. “Or is there any hope you’ll work it out with her somehow?”
Joe shook his head. “No. I really tried to make it work for a while. So, it’s not like I just –” Instead of finishing his sentence he just shrugged. “Anyway, I think unless you’re a trained psychologist or a total masochist, you can’t handle it. I’m neither. And I simply don’t want to do this anymore. I’ve had it up to here.” The level he showed with his braced hand now was way above his head. “I need her out of my life! I really do.”
“Yeah,” Jack said. “I think it’s good that you got out of it. And it’s great that you came! We’re all happy to see you!” There was a little pause. “Well, with one exception maybe.”
Joe swallowed. “Yeah… well… I know.” 
“Can’t blame her, though,” Jack said, “Just try to keep out of her way. You owe her that.”
Joe nodded absent-mindedly. What Jack had said stung quite a bit. And it made last night seem even more unreal.
“Hey, about Sarah, though,” Jack say. “She’s just worried about you, okay? She won’t admit it, of course, but she’s been really worried. And she was so thrilled when you wrote that you’d be coming.”
“I know, I know,” Joe said. “I just really haven’t had a chance to talk to her yet. About Liz, I mean. And all the other crap. The job thing’s complicated too. With Steve and me owning the company together, and with Steve being Liz’s brother…” He blew out a tense breath. “Most of the money I inherited from Dad is tied up in the company.”
Jack nodded. “I kind of figured… So, what are you going to do about that? Does Steve know what’s going on?”
“Kind of. I mean – yeah, he’s seen some things. Enough to at least understand that I can’t live with her. He told me that. But she’s still his sister. So, I’ll have to see how to solve this – the business aspect of this break-up. Liz has long enough played that card – that I can’t leave because of the company. And I’m attached to it, of course. I like working with Steve, we have a real nice team, it’s fun. Oh, and by the way, Liz decided to screw Steve’s assistant just a few weeks ago, so…“ He laughed without any humor. “It’s just bizarre, really. Anyway, it would be pretty hard to give up that job and R&D.”
Jack frowned. It was tricky to give any advice here but maybe that wasn’t even the point. 
“Tell me if you need help with anything, Joe, okay? You probably still have some stuff there that you might want to get sometime. So, if you need help with that.”
Joe nodded. “Yeah, thanks, Jack. I might actually take you up on that. I haven’t really made up my mind yet what I’ll do. Might not be worth going there and picking anything up, because she’s probably smashed everything by now that’s mine. But if I do pick something up, yeah, I definitely don’t want to be alone with her…”

They reached Anja’s and Gerry’s house ten minutes later and started working on the car.
“What about you, though,” Joe picked up the conversation again just as Jack was leaning over the engine compartment, “How’s your life going? Any girlfriend? Or happy and single?”
Jack glanced up, obviously weighing his answer.
“Well… I guess, you could say I’m single,” he said then, his gaze dropping to the wrench in his hand. “And all in all, I’m pretty happy. There’ve been some flings here and there, of course.” He chuckled and paused for a moment. “Nothing really serious for a long time, though. I guess I’m just less and less willing to constantly put up with the crazy tics some women have. Boy, I tell you! So, once those start showing, I end it fast rather than letting it drag on.”
Joe nodded.
“On the other hand,” Jack suddenly sounded more serious. “Maybe I’m unwilling to put up with just anyone because there’s actually someone I kind of really like.”
Joe gave him a surprised look. “Oh, really?”
“Yep.” Jack kept his eyes firmly on what he was doing.
“Someone you kind of really like?” Joe teased. “With no tics? Or you just haven’t discovered them yet...”
“Na, there are some tics but I’m pretty sure I can live with those. They are kind of adorable…”
“Oh, so you’ve already figured that out, huh?” Joe was surprised. “Even though you haven’t…”
“Well, it’s not like I just met her yesterday,” Jack interrupted, suddenly seeming almost a little irritable. “I’ve known her for a while.”
Joe’s eyes darted up.
“Someone I know?” he inquired, managing a joking tone even though his mouth had just turned uncomfortably dry.
Jack shrugged without interrupting his work. 
“Yeah, it’s definitely someone you know.” His eyes flickered up to Joe for a moment. “But it’s really not worth talking about at this point. I need to figure out first what I really want. I mean - it would be risking a good friendship and I’m still evaluating if it’s worth it…”
“Oh… o-kay…” Joe’s mind was racing now. Someone he knew… 
Someone whose friendship Jack didn’t want to risk… 
Hadn’t the last call Danny had gotten last night been from Jack?
Lunch, Shopping and Borrowing CDs 
When Sarah got to the restaurant she felt better. During the twenty-minute bike ride from home she had managed to push the dark thoughts about Joe and Sun and the whole mess to the back of her mind.
D was already there, locking up her bike outside the restaurant. She looked up when Sarah pushed her bike in a space next to hers.
“Hi, Sarah! Perfect timing!” D smiled.
“Very perfect!” Sarah agreed. She was somewhat surprised by D’s strikingly sunny mood.
Together they walked through the restaurant to the outside seating area in the back and sat down at one of the tables under the big chestnut trees. A young waitress brought the menus and they ordered something to drink.
“I’m sooo hungry,” Sarah moaned and opened her menu.
“What did you have for breakfast?” D asked. Of course, the much more interesting question would have been when Sarah had had breakfast.
“I just had a piece of toast,” Sarah said. “I was going to make a bigger breakfast, but… then I only had a piece of toast.” 
She had just barely stopped herself before anything about her brother’s empty bed and the effect that had had on her appetite could slip out.
“Oh, that’s not much,” D muttered, trying to sound involved while her mind was actually circling around her own breakfast. Half of her croissant was lying wrapped-up on the kitchen counter because she hadn’t been able to eat anything after Joe had left. She didn’t even feel like eating anything now.
She glanced over at Sarah. 
“When did you get up?” she asked in the perfect by-the-way manner.
“Just before nine, I think,” Sarah said without looking up.
Flipping to the next page of her menu, D tried to remember when Joe had left exactly. Around eight forty-five? 
It was impossible to say if he could have made it home before Sarah had gotten up. Nothing Sarah had said or done so far gave any clue either. 
“Are you having wine?” Sarah interrupted D’s thoughts.
D jerked up in her chair.
“Wine? No, why?” It was only then that she realized that the page she’d been looking at for the past two minutes was the wine list. 
She quickly closed the menu. 
“I’ll have the tomato soup,” she proclaimed.
“Soup sounds good,” Sarah nodded, “I’ll have that too. But I think I also need a sandwich.”
The waitress came with the beverages and took their orders.
Alone at their table again, they both took a sip from their glasses, both weighing what to say next and what to better not mention at all.
D was additionally struggling with a little heat wave that had washed over her at the sudden memory of how Joe had teased her this morning with possibly telling Sarah…

“So, how was the party last night?” Sarah inquired after a while. Her tone was cautious.
“Good…” D replied almost too quickly. 
With Sarah looking right at her now, she felt like a liar. Already.
“Well, good,” Sarah nodded and played with her glass. She was obviously pondering if she could ask for more details.
 “It was nice,” D said, eager to prove that she didn’t have any problem talking about the party. “I sat next to Tony. He talked a lot about his little boy. Showed some photos. Sounds like he’s all thrilled to be a Dad now. Who would have thought?”
“Yeah, really…” Sarah looked up. “I’m glad they got that straightened out!”
“Mhmm…” D nodded.
The waitress brought the food.
Sarah dipped her spoon into the soup and stirred it.  “Jack called me this morning,” she said, her eyes on the soup.
D faltered. “Oh… what did he say?” 
The sole purpose of this question was to buy her some time. There was no doubt that Jack had told Sarah about his car – and about Joe taking them home. The only question was how to best react once Sarah brought it up. With everything that had happened since then, she wasn’t quite sure anymore what an authentic reaction should look like. She’d have to wing it…

It took Sarah a moment to decide how to answer the question. After all, a lot of her conversation with Jack had been about Joe’s nightly absence. This was nothing she could possibly mention to D. 
“He told me…” she finally said, “… that the party was fun. Even though he wasn’t allowed to grill the steaks.”  She hesitated a moment before she added, “And he said that Sun had too much to drink again.”
“Well, yeah, Sun had a bit much,” D confirmed with a little shrug. 

Sarah, for her part, was a little thrown off by D’s reaction. If what Jack had said was true – and it undoubtedly was – and Sun had hitting on Joe, while being drunk, it seemed unlikely that D would just shrug it off. Even if she hated him.
Well, maybe D simply hadn’t noticed Sun’s flirting with Joe. Or she didn’t care. Both seemed unlikely.
“I bet Jack also told you about his car, though, right?” D had decided that it was better to meet the issue head on, even if Sarah seemed to be avoiding it for some reason. (Maybe because it involved mentioning her brother and she was trying to be considerate.)
“Yeah, he told me,” Sarah nodded. “And that Joe actually drove you guys home…” She paused, as this was quite a touchy subject. “I imagine you were about ready to kill Jack. Those stupid cars of his!”
“Yeah, I guess…” D mumbled, clearly remembering now that she had actually cursed Jack. “But since it would have been too far to walk, I didn’t really have much of a choice, so…”  She shrugged.
For a moment neither of them spoke, but D could clearly feel Sarah watching her. 
“How… how did it go with my brother,” she finally asked cautiously. “I mean in general…”
D swallowed. Her memory had just replayed for her the scene of Joe stepping up to her with Sun’s plate and telling her to just ignore Sun. It made her feel hot.
She pulled herself together and looked up at Sarah. “Okay,” she said with a little nod. “It went okay.” 
Then she quickly shoveled a spoon of soup into her mouth.
“Well, good,” Sarah seemed relieved. “I guess if you just stay out of each other’s way, it’s okay.”
“Right…” D forced herself to smile and nod, even though a light shiver had just run through her at the memory of Joe pulling her close during the dance last night. 
If Sarah only knew how staying out of each other’s way had worked…

Munching on her sandwich, Sarah watched D and concluded that, however much the drive in Joe’s car or the sparks flying between him and Sun might have bothered D, she was obviously not willing to comment on any of it. 
In a way, Sarah was almost glad about it. Talking about Joe with D was an exhausting balancing act…
She just hoped that the façade of impenetrable indifference that D was displaying here would hold over the weekend and wouldn’t come tumbling down at some point.

After lunch they went shopping for a little while. 
Sarah needed a pair of new pants, and D followed her to several stores and looked around a bit herself. She couldn’t really focus, though. 
When Sarah finally decided to try on a few pairs of pants, D sat outside the fitting rooms, so she could give her opinion if Sarah needed it. Her mind wandered off while she was waiting. 
To Joe hugging his pillows last night.
And to the kiss on the counter.
To his head against hers during the seconds song…
She could feel the effects of those memories all over. 
When the door of Sarah’s fitting room opened now, D quickly straightened up in her chair and hoped desperately that the weird, tingly feeling in her stomach wasn’t in any way registering in her expression.
“What do you think?” Sarah asked and turned around.
“Looks good,” D said. “Fits perfectly…”
“Yeah, I think I’ll take these.”
Sarah disappeared into the fitting room again and D exhaled. 
 “Hey, can we go by your place later?” Sarah suddenly asked from inside now. “I need to borrow some CDs.”
“Yeah… sure” D said with a slight delay that was caused by her mind quickly rattling through possible risks in letting Sarah come over. Risks that involved traces of her overnight visitor. There were none she could think of.
The bedding - was put away. 
The breakfast dishes -  were in the dishwasher.
The CD – was back in its box under the bed. She didn’t even want to imagine what Sarah’s coming across that CD might have lead to. Sarah knew that CD. And upon seeing it lying around she would undoubtedly have reacted with a puzzled look that turned concerned very quickly and climaxed in her asking things like: ‘Is this the CD Joe gave you? You still have that??? I thought you got rid of it… Don’t tell me you listened to that last night!?! D? Seriously? ‘
“We can have coffee at my place, too,” D offered.
“Coffee sounds good,” Sarah replied from the living room.
~~~
Back at D’s, Sarah had sat down on one of the bar stools – the one Joe had sat on earlier – and was swiveling back and forth while watching D pour coffee into two cups. “Any news on the London job front?” she asked.
“Not a whole lot,” D said and pushed a steaming cup over the counter. She hadn’t even thought about London since yesterday.
“But you applied, right?” Sarah inquired.
“Yeah, I applied,” D confirmed and sat down on the other bar stool. “I applied on Tuesday. Was going to call you when I got home but then… well, I wasn’t sure if you were still alone…” She sat down on the second bar stool.
“Oh, okay.” Sarah nodded. The had had it on her tongue to say that Joe had come in late that evening, but stopped herself. It surely was nothing D wanted or needed to know. ”Any reaction yet?” she asked instead.
“Well, Harry called me,” D said and sat down on the bar stool beside Sarah. “Said that he’d of course support me if I wanted to do this…”
“Good,” Sarah said. “That’s great!”
“Yeah…” D nodded.
“What’s the problem then?” Sarah asked with a little frown.
“What…? – No problem. Why?” 
“Well, you don’t seem too enthusiastic.”
“Sure I’m enthusiastic,” D claimed. “It’s just all still kind of vague and far away at the moment… Once I go to London for that conference-seminar thing and I get a chance to meet with Harry’s brother and the colleagues there, I’ll know more.”
“Yeah. Right. I can’t wait to hear what you find out!”
D nodded with a forced smile. “Yeah, neither can I!” she said. “Should be interesting!” 
Somehow, the thought of that job in London had lost a bit of its appeal overnight…

After coffee, Sarah got up and headed for the CD rack. “May I?”
“Sure, go ahead! Take what you need.” D went to put the cups into the dishwasher.
Over in the living room, Sarah knelt down on the sofa, so she could have a closer look at the CDs on the shelf behind it.
“I’ll leave you for a minute,” D told her from the kitchen. “I really, really need to use the bathroom.”
Sarah nodded, lost in thought. D’s CD collection was extensive. That made it hard to find anything specific you were looking for.  
It took her a moment to find three of the four CDs she was looking for. Putting them next to herself on the sofa, she kept looking for the fourth CD until she finally spotted it towards the very bottom. She reached down and pulled it out, but it slipped from her fingers and landed somewhere under the sofa.
Sarah stepped off the sofa and bent down to reach for the CD. As she picked it up, something else under the sofa caught her eye. It looked like a piece of clothing. 
She reached back and pulled out a blue sweater with narrow white stripes. Must have slipped off the sofa sometime. Probably Pete’s. She brushed a bit of dust off it and laid it over the armrest of the sofa.
With the CDs in hand, she stepped around the coffee table and returned to the bar, unaware that, behind her, the sweater had already slipped off the sofa again.
When D reappeared a moment later, Sarah was perched on one of the bar stools flipping through a CD booklet and humming to herself.
“Did you find what you wanted?” D asked.
“Yeah, thanks!” Sarah slid the booklet back into its case. 
She looked up at D. 
“You’re not driving to the hotel with Jack tomorrow, right?” she asked. “I mean – with his wreck of a car.”
D laughed. “No, this time I’ll take my car,” D said. “And Jack and Sun are riding with me!”
Sarah faltered. “Oh, okay…” She nodded, “That’s good.” She was a bit baffled at the causal way D had just mentioned Sun. Maybe D had not noticed anything about the Sun-Joe connection yet…
An Afternoon Alone
Fixing Jack’s car had taken until noon. When it was finally running again, Jack had to hurry over to his parents’ house, because he was expected for lunch. Like every Thursday they had his grandma over from the retirement home, and Jack usually tried not to miss that.
With nothing else to do, Joe decided to go to the mall. 
To get a bite to eat and look for some things he needed, especially some more clothes. It was either that or doing laundry all the time.
As he walked by all the shop windows twenty minutes later, he realized that he hadn’t been shopping forever. He had just not been in the mood for it.
Well, he was in the mood now. And it was about time he got some new stuff anyway.
He spent almost three hours wandering through at least ten different stores and ended up getting some T-shirts, a new pair of jeans, two sweaters, two long sleeve shirts, some socks, more underwear, and a pair of sneakers… It was fun. He was on a roll.
As he packed the bags into the car, he remembered that he had also wanted to get something to read. So he went back into the mall and looked for the book store. He got a magazine and two books that sounded interesting and not too hard to digest.
On his way back to the car he came by a sports store and decided to get some new running stuff as well. 
He had always liked running. It was a really great way to get out of the house and keep him balanced. He hadn’t done it much lately, though, because Steve had talked him into joining a gym. He had tried to go there once or twice a week, but moving on some machine, surrounded by gasping, sweating people, just really didn’t do it for him. It might keep the body in shape, but there was absolutely no liberating effect on the mind as far as he could tell. 
He went into the sports shop, got some running shoes, shorts and long jogging pants and a navy blue fleece jacket.
Then he strolled back to the car, feeling awesome. He hadn’t spent that much money on himself in ages. It had been fun. And however much he had spent, he would bet it was still less than Liz spent on one of her cocktail dresses and a pair of high heels…

When he got back to the house around four-thirty, Sarah wasn’t home. But he hadn’t really expected her to be there anyway. She was probably still out with Danny.
Since he had nothing else to do, he decided to go for a run right away. It turned out to be a mix of running and walking, but that was fine for a start. It felt good. And it helped clear his head.
When he got back home, he felt exhausted but really upbeat.
Sarah must have been home in the meantime, because there was a note from her on the kitchen table:
Joe, 
There’s a lot of food in the fridge if you want. 
Also, please finish the tiramisu. Won’t keep much longer.
Have a good evening! 
See you tomorrow for breakfast, 
Sarah
Humming to himself, Joe hopped upstairs to his room. He peeled out of his clothes, went across the hallway and had a shower. 
He still hadn’t shaved and was kind of playing with the thought of skipping it for today altogether. But then he decided to do it anyway.
Once he was done in the bathroom he returned to his room, slipped into jeans and a T-shirt and then sat down on the bed. 
Leaning against the headboard and with his legs stretched out, he pulled over his laptop and turned it on.
First he checked his E-mails. 
There were two e-mails from Steve and two newsletters from online shops, but – unexpectedly – there was nothing from Liz. That was a good thing!
Joe opened Steve’s first message:
Joe,
guess you have your phone turned off. It’s too bad it’s come to this, but I can’t blame you. Take your time and let me know if you need anything.
In the meantime, I already need something from you: Can you please forward the presentation for the Swedes. I can’t find it and I think you had one of the last versions on your laptop. No rush, though, I don’t need it until next Thursday.
Thanks and good luck,
Steve
Joe pressed Reply and sent back an e-mail with the presentation attached.
The second e-mail from Steve contained information on the exact times that Steve was going to be on vacation, starting two weeks from now. Joe had promised to be at the office during that time and cover for him.
Hi Joe,
Here are the dates that Susan and I are going to be gone: Sept 2nd to Sept 12th. I know you’ll be in Amsterdam from the 2nd to the 4th (Mon to Wed). Should be fine if you just cover for me Thursday and Friday of that week and then maybe Monday to Thursday the following week. With things being as they are with Liz, I imagine you don’t want to be in Munich for too long. (By the way, you could stay at our house while we are gone. Just let me know.)
Steve
Joe pressed Reply.
Hi Steve,
Thanks for the offer with the house, but I think I’ll just stay in the office.
The days you mention sound fine. I’ll be there. 
We can talk before you leave. Tell Susan hello. 
I’m sorry everything is such a mess!
Joe
He closed the e-mail account and surfed the internet for a while, reading the news and playing a silly game. Then he turned off the laptop. 
He picked up the phone from the bedside table and turned it on. Four more missed calls. One from Steve (probably about the presentation), the rest from Liz. No other messages.
Joe decided to finally call his Mom back. She was still in Spain, but it might be easier to tell her the news on the phone while he felt as good as he did right now, rather than face to face, when she was back and he might not be in the mood to talk about Liz. 
He pressed the call button and let it ring. Eventually it kicked into voice mail. 
“Hi Mom, this is Joe, I’m at Sarah’s, everything’s fine. I’ll try to call you after the weekend. You’ll be back soon anyway. I’ll still be here, so we can meet then. Love you. Bye.”
He hung up and considered calling Liz back and getting it over with. It seemed kind of strange that she hadn’t sent him any nasty e-mails. He probably wouldn’t have read them anyway if she had, but considering that she couldn’t reach him on the phone, it was surprising that she hadn’t tried the e-mail route by now. Maybe what she had to tell him came across much better in spoken than in written language, though. There were just so many more options – yelling, screaming, sobbing, hissing…
He drew in a deep breath. He really didn’t want to wreck his good mood now, but being alone in the house might actually be a good time to call her back. And he could always hang up when it got too much. 
He scrolled through the contacts to the L’s and stared at her name for a while. He was about to press call when he decided against it. No, he really didn’t want to talk to her. There was absolutely nothing he had to tell her and he sure as hell didn’t want to hear her screaming and ranting. Not tonight. It would just drag him down again.
He turned off the phone and stretched out on the bed. Lying there, everything completely quiet around him, he tried to relax. But then his stomach growling made that impossible. He was getting really hungry.
Finishing the Tiramisu
Downstairs in the kitchen, Sarah’s fridge had a lot to offer. It was a wonder the door still closed. There was leftover lasagna, all kinds of cheeses, vegetable soup, cut meats, some antipasti in glass jars and the leftover tiramisu covered with foil.
Joe stared at the well-stocked shelves undecidedly. His stomach was growling, he was starving and all he had to do was reach in there. But just as he was going to reach for the vegetable soup – something light to start with – a scrap of memory from last night flashed by and sent a wave of warmth into the pit of his stomach. 
He wondered what Danny was doing right now.
Maybe they could go out to dinner…
Tonight…
Before he could stop himself, his mind had already started going through some options and scenarios for a possible meeting, and they all sounded just perfectly fine. 
As he contemplated if he even dared calling her and how likely it was that she would pick up and agree to meet with him, it hit him that he didn’t even have her new phone number. Sarah had it, of course. And Jack… But he could hardly call them and ask.
So, that was that.
Joe blew out an exasperated breath. Now that the idea had already taken on some shape, just giving it up was frustrating, to say the least.
Reluctantly focusing on the food in the fridge again, while the other issue kept simmering in the back of his mind, he suddenly remembered an e-mail he had received a few weeks earlier. Something from Rick, with an attachment – a word document with a rough schedule for the coming weekend and a list of everyone that was going to be there.
Hadn’t there been some phone numbers as well? Not all of them, though, because hadn’t Rick explicitly asked in his message that everyone who didn’t find his or her phone number on the list should please get in touch and help complete the list?
Joe closed the fridge and went up to his room, taking two steps at a time. He turned the laptop back on and accessed the e-mail account. Scrolling through his e-mails he realized that he should probably clean out his mailbox at some point!
He scrolled up and down through the messages of the past few weeks, but he couldn’t find even a single e-mail from Rick. 
That was impossible! He hadn’t deleted it, had he?
He was about ready to give up the search when it occurred to him that he hadn’t actually received the e-mail directly from Rick. Sarah had forwarded it to him.
Once he did a search for e-mails from Sarah, he found very quickly what he was looking for. He clicked on the message and opened the attachment. Slowly he scrolled through it from top to bottom.
And there was Danny’s mobile phone number…
He stared at the screen, his throat feeling a bit tight all of a sudden.
There was her number. Nothing standing in his way now!
Scratching his head, he reached for the phone that was still lying on the bed next to him and drew in a deep breath. Did he seriously want to do this? Was it really such a great idea to call her? Maybe he should just have his soup and see what the weekend would bring.
He blew out some air. The weekend wouldn’t bring anything – at least not in that regard. If he wanted to see her up-close and personal, it would have to be tonight! But maybe two evenings in a row was overdoing it a bit? His mind was going back and forth, trying to come to some decision. To call or not to call?
Then it occurred to him that, even if he called her, she might not pick up because she didn’t recognize the number.
So, why not let fate decide? If she picked up, great, if not, he was going to have his soup and watch TV.  
His hands not quite steady, Joe turned on the phone and typed in the number from the computer screen. He could feel his heart beating up to his throat as the phone started ringing now.
She probably wouldn’t pick up anyway. 
Maybe he should just hang up…
But then she did pick up.
“Hello?”
“Hi Danny, it’s me...”
“Oh… Hi….” It sounded almost like a question.

On her end D still felt a bit dumbstruck. She had almost not picked up, because the number hadn’t looked familiar at all.
“How are you?” she heard him ask.
“Good…” It was a reflexive response. ‘A totally confused wreck’ would have been much closer to the truth at the moment.
In fact, ever since Sarah had left, that kiss on the counter had been flashing through her head in half-hour intervals, making it hard to breathe whenever it happened. And hearing his voice now had just triggered the whole thing all over again.
“Do you want to go out for dinner?” Joe asked. “I mean…” There was a little pause. ”…it’s probably a bit spontaneous and maybe inappropriate but…”
“I’m actually already cooking something,” she said uncomfortably.
“Oh, okay,” Joe was scrambling for a way out. “Well… that’s okay. It was just a spur of the moment kind of idea. Didn’t think it’d work anyway. We can do it some other time.” (Of course he knew that there might never be another time.)
There was a short moment of silence.
“Well…” D finally started. “I guess you could just… Do you want to just come over here? I’m making pasta with garlic and ham cream sauce. So, if you want…”
It took Joe a moment to react.
“Are you sure?” he asked, sounding a bit perplexed.
She barely kept herself from scoffing. How could she possibly be sure? This was, of course, not an invitation she had issued after proper considerations, but purely a spur of the moment kind of idea. 
“There’s enough for a whole family,” she said, her tone much lighter than she currently felt.
“Okay,” Joe said slowly. “I guess I could do that... Actually sounds really good... When?”
“Anytime,” she said. ”The sauce is done. I just need to cook the pasta. And I can wait with that.”
“Okay,” Joe cleared his throat. “Then I’ll just leave here in a few minutes, if that’s alright.”
“Yeah. Sure. Then I’ll put the pasta in in about ten minutes…”
“Great. Ahm – and Danny – there’s still some tiramisu that Sarah made and that I’m supposed to finish. I’ll bring that. For dessert…”
She laughed. “Okay, perfect! See you then!”
When she put down the phone, D felt like a small meteorite had just hit her. 
With her head slightly spinning she wandered to the stove and turned off the boiling water. Then she went over to the dining table and dropped down on one of the chairs, trying to digest the overwhelming adrenaline rush the adapted dinner plans had just triggered.
As she traced the edge of the table with her hand, her eyes came to rest on the London folder that was lying on the table, several loose pages with e-mails pertaining to her application and the travel schedule for the trip sticking out.
After Sarah had left, she had been browsing through the printouts; looking for the exact dates and times that June and she were supposed to fly over there. Chewing on her lower lip now, she reached for the folder, pushed the loose pages back inside and got up.
With the folder in hand she went to her bedroom, pulled open the drawer of the bedside table on what used to be Pete’s side, let the folder slip inside and pushed the drawer shut again. She walked out of the bedroom refusing to think about possible motives for what she had just done and got busy in the kitchen.
She turned the water back on, prepared a bowl of mixed salad and put it in the fridge and the she set the table: Red placemats, white plates, red and white striped napkins, glasses for water and some for wine. She had made sure there was no candle on the table or anything else that would give the wrong impression. The table wouldn’t have looked any different if she had been expecting Sarah or Robert.
When, through the kitchen window, she saw the Volvo pull up outside, she felt her stomach clench slightly.
She resisted the urge to go and open the front door right away. Had this been Robert or Sarah, that’s what she would have done. Instead she waited until the doorbell rang.
Her hand unsteady on the door handle, she opened the door and found herself looking right into Joe’s smiling face.
“Hi, there,” he said. “I hear you serve dinner… I brought some dessert.” He held up Sarah’s tiramisu dish that was covered with aluminum foil. “Here’s my contribution.”
“Yours?” D raised her eyebrows, barely suppressing a grin.
“Well, actually…” He chuckled. “It’s Sarah’s involuntary contribution.” 
As he stepped inside, he gave her a quick peck on the cheek, very much like the ones she got from Robert or friends like Jack or Rick. Coming from him though, it stung in a weird way.
“Almost done,” she nodded towards the stove. ”Just five more minutes on the pasta.”
She headed to the kitchen, the spot on her cheek still tingling, and put the tiramisu dish into the fridge while Joe sat down on one of the bar stools behind her.
“So, how was it with Sarah?” he asked.
D turned around. “Good,” she said – only to add a little quieter: “Or actually, a bit awkward and… well, not exactly very relaxing.”
Joe chuckled. “Yeah, I guess…” He had both his forearms resting on the counter, his left hand cradling the braced right hand.
“Did you make it back home in time this morning?” D asked.
“Nope.” He shook his head and dropped his gaze to his hands.
D was waiting for him to maybe elaborate, but he didn’t.
“I was kind of wondering,” she said, turning back to the stove now. “But from Sarah’s mood I really couldn’t tell.”
Glancing over at her, Joe remembered that Sarah had mentioned during the lasagna dinner that she and Danny didn’t talk about him.
“How did it go with Jack?” D asked, stirring her sauce. “His car running again?”
“Yeah. He got it fixed pretty quickly. Seems to be a routine for him.”
D let out a little laugh. “I bet it is…”
Behind her, Joe chuckled. “Yeah, I’ll never understand why he doesn’t just get a proper car,” he said. And then he decided on a little experiment: “I think he should get a functioning car and a girlfriend that lasts,” he said lightly. “Seems like he’s always single.”
D kept stirring her sauce. “Oh, I kind of thought he was going out with someone. Or, maybe that’s over already.” 
“Must be,” Joe said.
Turning down the temperature for her sauce, D shrugged. “Well, I’m not always up-to-date on his girlfriends.”
“Well, it doesn’t sound like there’s been anyone serious in a while,” Joe said. “But I mean, he’s a cool guy, Jack. Or what do you think? I mean, how’s his effect on your species?”
“My species?” She shot him a look over her shoulder. “Is there such a thing?” She laughed. “But yeah, sure, Jack’s great! He’s about the nicest, friendliest most patient guy I’ve ever met. And there’s absolutely nothing wrong with the way he looks…”
Behind her, Joe decided not to push this any further. He might get to hear stuff that he really didn’t want to hear, and it did seem as if she was enjoying this quite a bit. It didn’t sound like she was currently in love with Jack herself, but since she obviously saw Jack’s many qualities so very clearly, it probably couldn’t be completely ruled out for the future…
As he kept watching her stir the sauce – even though it probably didn’t need any more stirring – he couldn’t help remembering how he had used to go over to her dorm and they would cook together. 
They had made pasta with cream sauce a few times there too. 
Those evenings had been really nice. 
The cooking.
The dorm kitchen with crazy Ritchie.
Her room… – and her bed… 
Swallowing hard, he forced himself to focus on something else, for God’s sake! The food for instance. He hadn’t had pasta with cream sauce for a long time. 
Liz was definitely not the best cook in the world. And when she had cooked, she had usually surprised him with incredibly healthy stuff that left him hungry and grouchy. No butter, no real cream, no whole milk – never chocolate. She had rarely ever cooked, though, and he would have to say that was a good thing. 
She had liked to go out instead, because that gave her the opportunity to show off her newest dress or purse or shoes or whatever. And she had been pissed if he didn’t feel like dressing up as well. Or if he just wanted to go to some laid-back comfy pub with good food instead. He actually hated those super-fancy places she loved so much. 
And no matter where they went, Liz would never order what was on the menu. She always had special wishes, and sometimes he thought he could hear the chefs cussing in the kitchen after the waiters had put in Liz’s order.
D had just gotten a strainer out from under the stove and turned off the timer that showed ten more seconds on the pasta, when her phone started to ring.
Joe saw her falter. Was she thinking what he was thinking? He shot a look at the phone that happened to be lying at the end of the bar counter to his right. He was expecting to see Pete’s picture on the display, or Jack’s name for that matter. The photo showed a different familiar face, though. One that he hadn’t seen for a long time.
He grabbed the phone and held it out to her over the counter. “Here, it’s your brother. I can strain the pasta.”
She took the phone but then hesitated to pick it up. Finally she did. 
“Hi, Rob…”
Joe stepped around the counter, took the strainer from her and went over to the sink.
“I’m fine, how are you?” he heard her say as she took his seat at the bar counter.
He picked up the pot from the stove and drained the pasta.
“Oh, yeah, the website… – Well, I haven’t really had time yet, but I’ll give it a look after the weekend, okay?”
There was a short pause in which she was listening to whatever Robert was saying on the other end.
“No, I…” She interrupted herself. “Yeah, I sent it off. On Tuesday. It was – … ahm... It was well-received.”
At the sink, Joe frowned. What was that all about? That seemed pretty cryptic language!
“Well, we’ll see what happens,” she told Robert, sounding as if she just wanted to kill the topic, whatever it was.
Joe opened a few cabinets, looking for a bowl for the pasta. When he couldn’t find anything he shot her a questioning look, pointing to the noodles in the strainer.
“Sure, it’s a chance,” she muttered, her eyes meeting Joe’s. She pointed to the cabinet above the stove. Joe opened it and she nodded.
“I’ll know more after I’ve been there and looked at it,” she told Robert, obviously picking her words very carefully so that anyone unfamiliar with the context wouldn’t have a clue what she was talking about. 
Pretending not to be listening, Joe reached up and got a bowl from the cabinet above him.
D had meanwhile strolled over to the sofa, giving some short ‘yes/Mhmm/I guess’ answers to whatever Robert was saying.
Joe let the pasta slip from the strainer into the bowl. Glancing over at her, he saw her pluck around on the sofa cushions while she listened to Robert. Suddenly, and only very briefly, she seemed to come to an awkward halt.
“Oh that…” She scratched her left eyebrow and then quickly resumed readjusting the cushions. “It was okay,” she assured Robert, her light tone not quite masking how uncomfortable she seemed to be. “Yeah… – exactly. Nothing exciting…”
There was a pause in which Robert was obviously responding, and Joe caught her shooting him a quick cautious look via the living room window. A look that he met with a deliberately clueless and harmless expression while at the same time he was wracking his brain what this was all about.
“No, she had to work…” D said, clearly eager to end the subject. “Well… Yeah… Yesss… No, it was fine, really!”
Joe suppressed a grin. So this was about the party last night?
“Rob,” D said, struggling for a calm tone. “I’m kind of in the middle of cooking… No, not a really good time. Actually it’s ready now. Sorry! Yep. I’ll call you sometime tomorrow, okay? Right. Say Hi to Ann! Bye!”
She hung up.
As she returned to the kitchen, Joe pretended to be totally immersed in the demanding chore of tossing the pasta with the sauce. He had hesitated for a moment before he had poured the sauce over the noodles. 
“So, yesterday was okay, huh?” he glanced over at her, barely suppressing a grin.
She gave him a semi-frozen look.
“It was really not all that bad, right?” he didn’t make much of an effort to mask his amusement.
”Stop grinning!!!” D pointed the phone at him like a laser weapon ready to strike if he didn’t cooperate. 
In response Joe rearranged his expression to look exaggeratedly serious.
With a little growl she squeezed by him to get the bottle opener and a parmesan grater out of the drawers. Then she took the parmesan and the wine out of the fridge.
“Here, I’ll open it,” Joe had already picked up the bottle opener from the counter and reached for the bottle. As she handed it to him, their eyes met and he raised his eyebrows at her challengingly. She quickly looked away.
“So, are you going to tell him about this?” he asked as he peeled the plastic off the top of the wine bottle. “I mean, Robert.”
She shot him a dark look. Then her mouth curled into a sweet smile. “I won’t have to if I kick you out before we eat!”
“Well, as far as I’m concerned, you don’t even have to tell him if you keep me here until tomorrow morning,” Joe laughed and pulled the cork.  
D stepped around him and carried the pasta bowl and the parmesan grater to the dining table. Then she picked up the water pitcher that was already there and filled the two water glasses.
She couldn’t imagine how she would ever break the news to Robert. After all her bitching last weekend about not wanting to see Joe, and now here he was… 
Robert would have a ball making fun of her!
Joe had come up beside her with the wine bottle. “I think it’s better not to tell anyone,” he said and leaned in a bit, his voice dropping to a whisper. “You and I eating together, that’s real bad…”
“Shut up or you’ll really leave without any food!” she said, forcing herself to hold her ground here and not quickly step aside. Having him stand so close made her slightly dizzy, though.
Finally, Joe straightened up, took a step back and started pouring the wine. “Looks really good!” he said with a look at the pasta bowl. “Thanks for the invitation.”
“You called at the right time,” she said and pulled a chair out to sit down.
“Oh.” He tilted his head and raised his eyebrows. “So, you would have just invited anyone who called at the right time?”
“Sure, that’s what I do…“ She gave him an angel’s smile.
“Right,” he laughed and sat down across from her.
He had just unfolded his napkin, when she jumped up again.
“Oh, I forgot the salad in the fridge! I’ll be right back… Just need to put the dressing on.”
When she returned with the salad, Joe had dished up some pasta for both of them and had grated some parmesan on his and a lot on hers.
“Lots of cheese for you,” he grinned.
“Thanks – just the right amount,” she said, a funny feeling spreading through her stomach.
“I haven’t had cream sauce forever,” he told her as he watched her put salad into their two bowls.
“I have it sometimes,” she said, careful not to mention that, whenever she made it, it automatically made her think of him and the dorm and their first few weeks together. And that usually spoiled her appetite.
“Reminds me of the dorm,” Joe said.
“The dorm, yeah,” she muttered as if this had occurred to her just now. She just hoped her expression hadn’t slipped and betrayed her. “I just wish Richard could be here with us…!”
For a moment Joe gave her a baffled look as if she weren’t sure if she was being serious, then he just burst out in laughter. 
And she did the same. She hadn’t thought of her impossible, unusual, messy dorm-mate for a long time.
“Man, he was so weird,” Joe sighed.
“Oh, but he was such an inspiration,” D laughed. “I miss him…”
“I don’t,” Joe said with a mock frown. “He freaked me out. Really, really freaked me out. And I don’t think he liked me very much…”
D glanced up from her food. “Oh, was he not nice to you? Why would that be??? Maybe he had a seventh sense there…”
Joe squinted at her as if to decide how to take this. Then he shrugged. “I don’t think he had a seventh sense. As far as I could tell he didn’t have any sense at all. And no tact, no taste… and the stuff he ate. I’m sure glad you didn’t prepare any of his delicious recipes today.”
It made her laugh some more. “If I had only thought of it earlier… We could have had his famous pizza, unthawed and aged in the box for three days, topped with chili con carne poured from a can and ketchup on the side!”
“Thank you for the very detailed description,” Joe said with a disgusted look, pretending to lay down his fork. “I just lost all my appetite… And you haven’t even mentioned the beer served in a chipped coffee mug yet.”  
The thought made them both laugh.
“I wonder what he’s up to these days,” Joe chuckled.
“If he ever finished his law degree, he’s probably got a high-paying job in his father’s law firm,” D said.
“I didn’t know his father had a law firm.”
“Yeah, it’s been there for four generations. I saw his father only once, and his grandma… VIP, high society kind of people. I think there’s even some aristocratic streak in there as well. At least that’s what Richard let slip once…”
Joe laughed. “Hence his regal behavior. Still, can’t picture him in a suit and behaving like a decent human being.”
“Well, if he didn’t get into the law firm he’s probably working for his Mom – parents were divorced. She runs the pub halfway up Mount Hunt.”
“Oh, really? How come you know all these intimate details about him?”
“I just pieced them together from things he said, I guess.”
Joe took a sip of his wine. “I wanted to go up Mount Hunt sometime anyway while I’m here, so I guess I’ll have to check out that place. Who knows, with his talent in the kitchen, his Mom may have hired him as a cook.”
D laughed, even though her throat had tightened with his casual mention of while I’m here.
“Yeah…,” she said, still pondering his last remark, “you should probably check it out…”
Across from her, Joe nodded, chewing on his food.
D reached for her wine glass and took a sip. 
“So, what’s your plan?” she asked over the rim of her glass. “For while you’re here.”
Joe shrugged. “I don’t know. I don’t think I’ve really got a plan…”
D hesitated for a moment, then she asked as nonchalantly as she could: “So, how long are you going to be here for?”
“Oh, I’ll just see how long Sarah can take having me around,” he said, “and how some other things play out.”
D swallowed. Was he talking about Liz? Yeah, what else? She scooped up some noodles. “How do you think it’s going to play out?” she asked, avoiding eye contact.
“What?” Joe glanced up at her, looking confused.
“Well, how’s what going to play out?” she specified, her voice a bit unsteady. “What would it take for you to go back?”
He frowned. “Back to Liz?” It almost sounded as if she had asked him what it would take to jump into a pool of piranhas. 
D shrugged, embarrassed. “What else is supposed to play out?”
He gave her a short, slightly irritated look and then dropped his gaze to his food. “Well… I’ll have to figure out stuff such as what I’ll do about my job. And about a place to live…”
“Sure, right…” D felt stupid for not even having thought about that part. She had been so preoccupied with Liz.
“What’s the deal with your job?” she asked slowly, suddenly aware that she knew absolutely nothing about his current life except for the name of his girlfriend and the town they had been living in. She had made it crystal-clear to Sarah right from the start that she didn’t wish to be informed about anything regarding him. And Sarah hadn’t tried to convince her otherwise. 
Now, D realized, it would be kind of helpful to have some basic knowledge at least.
“I own a company together with Liz’s brother,” Joe enlightened her.
She could feel her jaw drop. “Oh, I didn’t know that,” she stammered.
“Yeah, I know…” he said curtly. “Anyway, that’s kind of tricky.”
Momentarily unable to say anything, D nodded.
Joe stabbed some salad leaves with his fork. “And I’ll just have to see how that’s going to play out.” 
“I see…” D mumbled, feeling like an idiot.
“It’s hard to tell, how this thing with Liz is going to affect my working with Steve in the long run,” Joe contemplated, his eyes on his plate. “Steve’s a nice guy and he’s not even Liz’s biggest fan, but I can’t rule out that it’ll turn into a problem after all. But maybe not. I’ll see. And then there’s the flat, of course…” He picked up his water glass and drank out of it, all the time avoiding looking at her. “It’s not like she can’t easily afford it without me,” he said, setting his glass back down on the table and picking up his fork again. ”If necessary, Daddy’s going to subsidize her a bit and things will be fine.” There was an edge to the way he said it. “Of course, I still have a lot of my stuff there, though. Not that I’m even sure at the moment that I want any of it back. Still kind of making up my mind. Jack has offered to help me pick it up if I decide to…”
Poking around in her noodles, D registered that apparently he had told Jack.
Across from her, Joe straightened up and she could feel him look at her. She glanced over at him and found him giving her a crooked smile. “So, it’s all a bit of a mess right now.” He shrugged. “But you’re hardly the right person to be whining to!”
“Well, you’re not exactly whining,” she said slowly, her mouth dry. “I asked you…”
“Yeah, I guess,” he played with the stem of his wine glass.
“Why did you… break up?” She somehow managed to keep any kind of emotion out of it. She wouldn’t even have thought of asking this if he hadn’t made the same inquiry this morning about Pete.
At first Joe didn’t quite believe his ears. He hadn’t expected her to go there. Not when this morning, he had almost had to force her to ask if he was still with Liz – something that he had just absolutely needed her to ask. But with that having been clarified, he would have been perfectly happy to ban the topic from their conversations for the next hundred years. There was just no way he could discuss with her the problems he had had with Liz.
D misinterpreted his hesitation. “You left for someone else…” she concluded.
Joe swallowed. Great. They were heading for very, very thin ice here. He had no clue how to handle this properly.
He shook his head and looked at his half-full water glass.
 “No,” he said slowly. “There’s no one else.”  And then, just wanting to get it over with he added: “I left because it didn’t work…”
“Oh, it didn’t?” There was a slightly sarcastic edge in her voice.
“No, it didn’t!” Joe gave her a hard, unblinking look whishing that she just let this go.
Unable to hold his gaze, D dropped her eyes to her napkin. She was battling conflicting emotions. And then, before she could stop herself, she said something she knew was wrong the moment it rolled off her tongue.
“How come it didn’t work?” Her voice had taken on this somewhat acidic, almost mocking tone. “I thought you were such a perfect match!?!” The moment she heard herself say it, she wished she hadn’t.
It took Joe a moment to overcome his perplexity. He stared at her for a moment as she stubbornly looked down on her plate.
Huffing out a breath, he finally shook his head and reached for his wine glass.
“What was I even thinking getting into that kind of discussion with you?” He let out a sharp little laugh, not even trying to hide his irritation. He could have sworn he could see her flinch, even though her expression stayed this well-controlled mask. “Do me a favor,” he said with a sneer. “Let’s try not to talk about anything remotely personal again because I don’t think we can handle it.”
D swallowed, feeling as if someone had just knocked the air out of her. Petrified she stared down on her plate. This dinner had just gone very, very wrong.
Across from her, Joe resumed eating. She didn’t dare to look at him, but from the corner of her eye she could see him finish the last bit of his pasta and eat the rest of his salad. There was no doubt that he was just dying to finish his food and get out of here.
Her hands were trembling as she scooped up a few noodles with her fork. She needed to at least pretend like she was still eating. Keep her head up, sit straight. 
Even though she felt kind of nauseous, she shoved a forkful of pasta into her mouth and then chewed on it endlessly, afraid that – if she tried to swallow now – it wouldn’t go down. Finally she washed the food down with water. There was no way she could eat any more.
Maybe what had just happened showed that they should have done what everyone had advised: stay out of each other’s way. Because – how had Joe just put it? – they just couldn’t handle it. She would always be mad at him and hurt and mistrusting and sarcastic, and he would probably always feel guilty and assume that she hated him. Which unfortunately she didn’t.
“Hey…” His voice pulled her out of her dark considerations. Swallowing hard she looked up. He was looking back at her with a wary expression.
“I’m sorry, okay?” He cleared his throat. “I didn’t… – it came out the wrong way, okay?”
Feeling a giant lump in her throat, all D could do was shake her head and drop her gaze. She could hear her own heartbeat in her ears.
“It wasn’t your fault.” Her voice wasn’t quite steady. “I shouldn’t ask questions that are none of my business and then I mock you when you answer them…”
She could feel his eyes on her, but she didn’t look up. 
“It’s just…” for a moment there her voice failed. “I guess sometimes it still bugs me!”
Joe could feel his jaw drop. He had been prepared for her showing him the door or snarling how well-deserved his unhappy ending with Liz was. The one thing he definitely hadn’t been prepared for was her telling him that it still hurt. Because that’s what this was, right?
Looking at her frozen, almost shocked face now, he realized that what she had just told him hadn’t been meant to be said out loud. It had probably just slipped out. And now she probably already hated herself for admitting it and him for being around to hear it.
With him still looking at her, D was desperately trying to choke down tears that she felt creeping up on her. She needed to pull herself together. Gain back her composure. God, why had she just said that? How pathetic could she possibly get! Justifying being a bitch with the fact that she still wasn’t over him after three years? She wished she could just run and hide.
She heard him suck in a quick breath and exhale. There was no way she could even look at him now. She didn’t want to see the concern and the pity in his face. She had just made a total fool of herself…
Joe downed the sip of wine that had been left in his glass, his heart beating heavily and his mind somewhat blank.
The moment he set the glass back on the table, D pushed her chair back and jumped up.
“Danny, listen…” Joe started half-heartedly, not even sure what he was going to say, but well aware that it might be crucial to say something to defuse this.
Shaking her head she picked up their two plates and her wine glass and headed around the bar into the kitchen. Her knees were rubbery, but she made it somehow. She set the wine glass down and opened the dishwasher with such force that the door almost flew back up again. Inside, some glasses were rattling dangerously. She pulled out the bottom tray and slid the plates in, dropped the silverware into the basket and whisked around to reach for the wine glass from the counter. She came to a halt when she found Joe standing right behind her, his empty wine glass in the braced hand and the salad bowl in the other.
The abruptness of her movement in combination with the look she gave him, made him take a step back reflexively and just place the dishes on the counter. Raising his hands in surrender, he backed up and got out of her way.
Her hands shaking, D grabbed the salad bowl that still had some salad inside, pulled open the door under the sink, picked the few salad leaves and cut up tomatoes out of the bowl with her bare hand, dumped them into the garbage and shut the cabinet door with her foot. She placed the glass bowl in the dishwasher more or less gently and then washed her hands, splattering water on the counter around the sink and even on herself. She didn’t care. In the overall context of making a fool of herself this little clumsiness wasn’t even worth thinking about.
Joe had gone back to the dining table and was moving all the remaining dishes over to the bar counter from where she could take them or not.
Avoiding looking his way, she snatched the dishes from where he placed them and, one after the other, put them into the dishwasher. She was glad that she could spend some more time staring into that machine. She still felt like in a state of shock. She couldn’t even remember when she had last embarrassed herself like this. She just wished they weren’t in her own flat. Then, at least, she could have just grabbed her stuff and run away…
Joe had put the parmesan back into the fridge and decided to just stay in that area as it was kind of out of her way. His back against the wall, he kept an eye on her. He was feeling a little helpless here. He still didn’t quite understand how exactly the surprisingly relaxed conversation that they had had at the beginning, had – within just a few seconds – spiraled into this solid hostile something. Sure, the choice of topic had been an extremely dangerous one and he had contributed his part to wreck the fragile harmony by getting so upset about her silly remark. Now there didn’t seem to be any way to save the evening. No matter what he said, it would either be wrong or a lie. Maybe it would be best if he just left and went home. The only problem was that he couldn’t quite imagine how, under the given circumstances, he would be able to manage a halfway civilized departure. It might just make things worse, if that was even possible.
As he pondered the issue, his gaze fell on the flyer on the refrigerator. An invitation to a 15-year anniversary party of some company with a swan logo. Must be the place she worked for.
He glanced back over at her. 
She was leaning with her back against the closed dishwasher now, stubbornly staring at the floor, her arms crossed over her chest. 
He tried to imagine how she would react if he left now. 
Would she be relieved? 
Angry? 
Inconsolable? 
It was really hard to predict what effect it would have on her. One thing was for sure, however: if he left now, there wouldn’t be any more spontaneous get-togethers afterwards, maybe not even a normal conversation. His taking off now would mean accepting defeat – for both of them. Accepting that they didn’t work at all, not even on the most basic friendship level.
Maybe it didn’t matter, though. Or did it? 
Heck, yeah! As much as he hated to admit it, it did matter a great deal! He simply didn’t want to leave! Did he seriously have to? Because really, if he put into perspective what had just happened there at dinner and compared it to the fights and scenes he had had with Liz, this didn’t exactly qualify as drama. And there were worse things than her telling him that it still bugged her!
Taking a few deep breaths, he pushed himself away from the wall.
“Okay,” he said as he opened the fridge, “now that we have survived the real uncomfortable part, let’s have some tiramisu!”
Even though she had heard what he had said, it took D a moment to grasp that – unexpectedly – he hadn’t informed her that he was going to leave. It was so unexpected in fact, that her brain was still lagging a bit behind while her body already kind of reacted. Like in a haze she got out plates and small forks and set them on the counter. She still couldn’t bear to look at him.
“Do you have a big spoon?” he asked, the tiramisu dish in hand. The way he talked, it sounded as if nothing had ever happened.
Her hands still not quite stable, D got a serving spoon out of the drawer under the bar counter. She pretty much had to look at him now, or she might – instead of steering the spoon towards his hand – have stabbed him with it. 
For a moment there, their eyes met, Joe looking back at her a bit wary but otherwise normal. Then he turned his attention to the tiramisu and the demanding job of dividing it evenly between the two plates.
“We could sit outside,” he suggested without looking up.
D shrugged, feeling miserable.
Ignoring her obvious lack of enthusiasm, he picked up the two plates and headed across the living room out the door to the deck. 
D placed the tiramisu dish in the dishwasher. 
When she turned around again, he was just coming back inside, went over to the coffee table, grabbed the candle and the lighter and, with that in hand, headed for the balcony door again. 
One foot already outside on the deck, he stopped, turned around halfway and shot her a look across the room.
 “Danny, turn off that brain now and come on outside! We can both use some fresh air!” He nodded towards the deck. “Come on!”
Shaken by this irresistible invitation, D left her spot in the kitchen and followed him.
He set the candle in the middle of the table and, holding the lighter a little clumsily in his left hand, lit it.
D sat down across from him, her mouth absolutely dry and her gaze directed at the flame of the candle. It was kind of ironic: after she had made sure she avoided a candlelight dinner, here was Joe putting out the candle for having desserts under the moon and the stars.
“Here,” he handed her a fork. “Eat. It’s great…” There was a hint of a smile on his face.
D couldn’t quite tell if it was a friendly, encouraging smile or a God-I-feel-sorry-for-you smile. 
Maybe she should just follow his advice, though and really shut that brain of hers off. Because, if she wasn’t even able anymore to take a smile for a smile, then that brain was really making her life a lot harder than it had to be.
The fresh air actually felt good. 
Calming. 
It wasn’t as warm as she had expected, almost a little cool, but that was fine.
The night wasn’t clear anymore either. Almost looked as if there were thunderstorm clouds moving in from the north. 
The candle on the table flickered.
Across from her, Joe cleared his throat as if to say somehing, but then he just took another bite of his dessert. 
She glanced over at him, but when she found him looking right back at her, she quickly dropped her gaze again.
“I…I don’t know what to tell you,” Joe said after a while, “…about that thing that bugs you. I know I messed it up. But I can’t change it. And brooding over it won’t help.”
D was staring at her plate, her heart racing. And to make things worse she felt tears creeping up on her again. Crap! What was wrong with her? She kept her eyes on the plate and quickly shoved a big portion of tiramisu into her mouth. The sweet taste of it had something unexpectedly soothing. She relaxed a bit.
“I don’t know…” Joe said calmly, “maybe I’m even glad it still bugs you.”
Her eyes darted up at him. 
He was running the very tips of his fork over the thick layer of cacao on his tiramisu, creating some wavy lines.
“And about your question, how long I’m staying,” he said, picking up the conversation somewhere before it had derailed earlier. “I think I’ll be around for a while.” He paused for a moment. “That is, of course, if Sarah can stand me that long…” He stopped carving patterns in the cacao layer and took a bite instead.
“Sarah’s thrilled that you’re here,” D mumbled.
“I know that,” he said patiently and looked up at her, “but it’s still kind of…tricky… I mean, me and her as house mates. I already got a taste of it this morning. She wasn’t pleased at all that I didn’t sleep in my own bed. She almost reminded me of my Dad.” He rolled his eyes and took another bite.
“That bad?” D tried to hold his gaze.
He let out a humorless, little laugh. “She was pretty pissed, I can tell you that.”
There was a brief moment of silence, then D suddenly said. “Well, who knows who you spend your nights with…” 
Joe laughed out. That sarcasm! “Yeah, really – who knows…”
The ice suddenly seemed to be broken, but D still found it hard to look at him. So she focused on her dessert and ate a few small bites.
Suddenly she felt his knee gently pushing against hers under the table. When she glanced up again, he smiled at her – definitely the friendly, not the sympathetic kind of smile.
“Come on,” he said and gave her knee another push. “Don’t look so grim.” The grim face he made for her as a demonstration now made her laugh.
“Very good.” He seemed content with his achievement. “I see you’ve got the idea. Now keep that up!”
D slowly nodded. “I’ll try.”
Joe scooped up his last piece of dessert with his fork. 
“How’s Robert doing by the way?” he asked.
“Good,” D said, relieved about the neutral subject. “He’s good. Lives ten minutes away from my parents with his new girlfriend. Well, not that new, actually. Just new for you, I guess. They’ve been together for two years or so. Her name is Ann.”
“So, he’s not with that weird girl anymore?” Joe asked, “What was her name? Maggie or something…”
D laughed. “Mary. The weird one was Mary.”
“Right.” He nodded, seemingly lost in thought for a moment. “He was studying English and History to be a teacher, right? Is he really teaching then?”
D shook her head. “No, he tried that for only half a year after he graduated. He hated it. He isn’t really a kid person, I guess. And he was surrounded by them there, of course! I’m not sure why he ever thought he wanted to be a teacher when he doesn’t really like children. The best thing that came out of this experiment was that he met Ann at that school. She’s still teaching.”
“So, what is he doing then?” Joe sounded genuinely interested.
“He has followed his real calling as he calls it.” With her fingers she was indicating quotation marks.
“He’s making jam!” Joe burst out as if he was a competitor in a TV quiz show.
“Almost,” D laughed. “He started a catering business. Works with two other guys and a young woman. And Mom is helping sometimes. He took quite a risk with it, but seems like it’s going well. “
“That’s great,” Joe seemed impressed, “It’s good that he found something he likes.”
”Yeah. He loves it.”
“I bet.” Joe remembered one of the dinners at her parents’ house when Robert had experimented with a goose and some very unusual ingredients, and they had all been laughing about the mess in the kitchen and Robert’s desperate face. And then it had been just absolutely fabulous.
”Does he have a website or something? Because, Steve, my business partner...”
“Liz’s brother…” D nodded, indicating that she now knew exactly who Steve was. 
“Yeah,” Joe said, “Steve and I have a customer in Salzburg that’s always looking for a good caterer for all kinds of occasions. Hasn’t found one yet – judging from the food they had the last time I was there. Might actually be a good match.”
 D nodded. “Sure. I can send you the link if you want.”
“Yeah. My e-mail address is…” He broke off. “Actually… it hasn’t changed.”
“Okay.” D scratched her left eyebrow. “I guess I probably still have it somewhere.” She hadn’t expected to ever need it again, though. 
She watched him scrape the last remains of his dessert from his plate and finally put the fork down. Giving her a somewhat undecided look, he leaned back in his chair.
The wind on the deck was picking up. 
In a distance, there was already some lightning and thunder.
“So, were you and Pete actually living together?” he suddenly asked without any introduction.
D almost dropped her fork at the sudden change of topic. Obviously he had given up his earlier idea of steering clear of anything personal…
Her eyes fixed on what was left of her dessert, she considered her options. She could, of course, tell him that it was none of his business. After that sort of a response, he most likely wouldn’t stick around much longer.  Their evening together would be over.
Slowly she shook her head. “Not really,” she said, her eyes on her fork. “Or – only on the weekend. Depends on how you want to see it. Pete works in Kufstein. He’s got a flat there. In his parents’ house. I’ve got this place here and my job. So, on the weekends he came here or I went there.” She decided to skip the part where she had come up with all kinds of excuses to boycott even those weekend get-togethers.
 “That kind of explains it, I guess.” He had picked up his fork again and was playing with it, trying to balance it on the index finger.
“Explains what?”
“Well, your place doesn’t look like there’s any furniture missing and there’s no trace of him either.” In saying this he decided to zone out the matching sets of bedding on her bed. “Not even a toothbrush…”  It seemed worth mentioning, since he himself actually had one since last night.
D shrugged. “Well, as far as the toothbrush is concerned – if you really need to know – he had two. They are just not in my bathroom anymore. I put them in the bag with all the other stuff he’s got to pick up sometime.”
Nodding, Joe put his fork down on his plate and shifted it around like a hand on a clock. Somehow, the concept of Pete still having stuff here and his toothbrushes and all the other things just being stored away somewhere in her flat, had an unpleasant taste to it.
“Any new candidates?” he asked.
The question caught her totally off-guard. 
As it sunk in now, what he had just asked, she realized that she had posed a similar question in a much nastier way this morning. “No. There’s no new candidate.” Her eyes trailed off to the railing around the deck. “I think I actually need some time to breathe for a while.”
There was a moment of silence.
Watching her closely, Joe couldn’t help feeling a little aggravated. Even if there didn’t seem to be anyone else right now, what she had said in regard to Pete could mean pretty much anything. He wasn’t even quite sure how and why the relationship with Pete had ended. Judging from their conversation this morning, it had been at her initiative. Just recently or months ago? Why exactly? He had to admit that he was just dying to know these things. But asking her right now was surely overstepping a line.
“Do you want that?” D pointed at what was left of her dessert. “I can’t eat any more…”
“Sure.” He reached over and took her plate. Two bites, and it was all gone.
Silence again…
“What do you do?” Joe asked her. “I mean, workwise.”
“I work for Swan…” she said.
“They do export and import, right?” he said, “I saw the invitation on your fridge. 15 year anniversary…”
D felt a sting. Thank god she had put away the London folder, or they might be discussing that right now.
“I handle some of the purchasing and export – some with India, a lot via Great Britain. I like it. It’s fun and there’s always something going on. Sometimes I bitch about it, but overall, I like it. Even though, sometimes things happen that are soap opera material…”
Joe laughed. “Same with us.” The most soap-operish thing that came to mind now was Eric’s sleeping with Liz. It was nothing he was going to mention here, though.
“What do you do… exactly?” she asked with a shy glance up at him.
“It’s a small software company,” he said, “relatively specialized. Steve and I developed a few programs. We’ve got some pretty good and reliable customers by now, mainly in the Scandinavian countries and the Netherlands, Belgium, one in Hungary, two in Italy. It was hard work getting them all set up to where things are running relatively smoothly. A lot of trips back and forth, but it was fun.” He skipped the part where he had personally taken every possible business trip just to get away from Liz.
There was a heavy silence again. 
Joe didn’t feel like elaborating any more on his job, as he’d just been reminded of the upcoming trip to Amsterdam and his having to cover for Steve. Somehow he didn’t want to think about that right now.
Watching him stare towards the garden now, which lay in the dark, D had started to realize that his job issues were probably even trickier than he had admitted. And there were obviously a few things on his mind that he didn’t talk about. He had put so much work and so many ideas into this company – and probably also a lot of money. There was no way he could just let that go and start over.
She saw him check his watch. It was a few minutes past ten. 
She lowered her gaze to the flickering candle and tried to recall which kind of neutral reaction she had had planned last night, when she had expected him to say that he needed to leave. She might need to pull off that reaction now…
“It’s pretty late,” she heard him say.
She shrugged, bracing herself. “I guess.” 
For a moment her eyes met his, then he dropped his gaze, set the two plates on top of each other and reached over for her fork that she had placed on her napkin when she had offered him the rest of her dessert earlier.
A sudden gust of wind blew the napkin out of his hand onto the deck, but he managed to step on it before it could get very far. He picked it up and stuck it under the forks on the plates. 
Finally he looked over at her again. 
Running his fingers over his chin he gave her an undecided look. “I guess I should probably go, huh?”
D swallowed, not sure what to do. She could hardly tell him to stay…
The way the wind was picking up, it would probably start raining soon.
Across from her, Joe leaned back in his chair again and stared towards the outline of the apple tree.
“What if I didn’t want to go home?” he asked a little stubbornly.
Despite the cool wind, D felt like a heat wave had just hit her. What now?
“Sarah would probably be very angry,” she finally pointed out.
Joe let out a surprised laugh. “Ask if I care!”
“I guess you don’t,” D concluded with a trance of amusement. “In any event, you would have to find some place to sleep... – like a lawn chair in some garden or something.”
“Considering that’s probably going to start raining soon-,” Joe contemplated, “What about your sofa in there?” With his thumb he pointed behind himself at the window to the living room.
Blowing out a breath through her nose, D looked at him and wondered what exactly was she getting herself into here?
“It’s pretty comfortable,” he said with a bat of his eyes, “Already tested it. So if it’s still free for the night…”
D swallowed. Then she nodded. “Yeah. Still free, I guess.”
“Can I use it then?” he asked, “since I’ve already been assigned a toothbrush and two pillows? And since driving home in the thunderstorm might be dangerous for me.” He smiled broadly.
“Right.” She was determined no to let him see how shaken she actually felt. “So, you’re staying on my sofa for safety reasons?”
Joe shrugged. “Do I have to answer that? – You’re right about Sarah, though. She’ll be angry. Very angry. The breakfast with her tomorrow is going to be real fun. I better make sure I at least get there in time.” He rolled his eyes.
D nodded. “Yeah, you better!”
He grinned. “I have to make sure I get there in time and I need to look as if I’m starving. Because she didn’t take it too well this morning when she realized I had already had breakfast somewhere else. God knows what kind of scenario went through her head then…”
D briefly faltered but quickly relaxed. Relieved to realize that, whatever Sarah might have imagined then, surely hadn’t included her.

It was almost eleven when it started raining and they fled inside.
They put the dishes away and then stood in the kitchen a little undecidedly, neither of them quite sure how to proceed.
Then Joe suggested that they watch a movie. He picked out something funny and they sat on the sofa – next to each other but not close enough to touch.
About half an hour into the movie D was starting to get really tired.
When she had nodded off for the third time, he turned off the TV.
Ironically, the sudden silence made her open her eyes again. 
She blinked confusedly. “Is it over already?”
“No, but maybe you should go to bed.” He nudged her arm with the remote control.
She nodded weakly. “Yeah. Maybe…” 
He watched her get up. 
“I’ll give you your stuff,” she said and headed off towards her bedroom. She came back a moment later with his pillows and sheets. 
“Thanks…” Of course he could have thought of much better ways to end this evening than this. Why exactly had he wanted to stay here?
“You can keep watching TV,” she told him tiredly.
“Yeah, I know. I might.” 
After she had disappeared into the bathroom he turned the film back on and tried hard to concentrate on it. 

“Wake me up tomorrow morning, okay?” She had stepped out of the bathroom and was leaning against the doorframe to her bedroom. “Don’t just leave.”
“I never just leave,” Joe said. “Good night!”
 “Good night.”
Alligator Attacks
After D had closed her bedroom door, Joe turned off the movie and flipped through the channels without being able to focus on anything. 
Somehow this evening had been a bit of a mess. He really couldn’t quite say what had made it so important to stay here, when it was purely his staying on the sofa and her sleeping in her bedroom. Not that he was even sure he would have wanted it any other way. Or maybe he would… Well, not worth thinking about right now.
He turned off the TV and suddenly remembered that he better send Sarah a message. He could only imagine what that would set off, but he would just have to deal with it tomorrow.
He turned on his phone and typed: 
I’ll come straight to the café at nine. See you there. Don’t be mad!
Since he had the phone turned on now, he couldn’t help checking his messages. 
There were two missed calls from Liz, three text messages from her as well and one message from Christine. Chewing on his lower lip, he deleted all the missed calls. He did read two of Liz’s messages, however: 
You fu… assh… Call me back!  
followed by 
I hate you! Call me!
He decided he could do without reading the third message and just deleted all three.
Finally he clicked on the text from Christine. 
He hadn’t really expected to hear from her.
The message just said:
I just had some ice cream which made me think of you. How are you doing? Let me know when you’re back in Amsterdam if you want to get together. NSA. 
Christine
Turning the phone around in this hand, he considered this. 
NSA must mean no strings attached. He rubbed his chin as he tried to decide if he should respond. 
Then he did:
I’m fine. Hope you are too. I’ll be in Amsterdam Sept 2 to 4. I’ll get in touch.
Joe
Once he had clicked on Send, he turned the phone off and laid it on the coffee table. That’s when something on the floor between the sofa and the big chair caught his eye. 
His sweater? 
He leaned down and picked it up. He hadn’t even missed it. Must have fallen off the sofa last night. He folded it up and laid it on the coffee table.
It was almost midnight when he went into the bathroom. 
He brushed his teeth and he let his gaze wander around while he did. He considered if he wanted to open any of the drawers or the mirrored cabinet and have a look inside. He had been way too tired and out of it the previous night for activities like that, and Danny had been waiting outside. Tonight was different.
He looked at his own reflection in the mirror. This wasn’t some stranger’s place where, if you peeked around a little, you find out more about the person. He could easily guess that the drawers contained some brushes and that great-smelling lotion she had always used (and that he was sure he had smelled during the dance yesterday) and her make-up – a certain amount of bottles, mascaras, pencils, eye shadows and nail polish and all that cosmetic stuff. He was well acquainted with all the technical terms by now. And even though he had no idea why anyone would need all that, her stash here would for sure be nothing in comparison to what Liz used to carry around in her purse as an emergency kit.
He could open the mirror cabinet, but he already knew that what he was probably going to find, were some creams, dental floss, eye makeup remover and maybe a package of birth control pills… 
He pushed that last thought aside quickly, as it inevitably reminded him of Pete and the fact that Pete had been standing right here, where he was standing now, had brushed his teeth with one of his two toothbrushes and then walked right into her bedroom. 
Grrr… 
He spit out the toothpaste, rinsed his mouth and, instead of just laying his toothbrush on the shelf next to the sink where he’d left it last night and this morning, he let it slip into the cup with her toothbrush.
His eyes still on the two toothbrushes, he sat down on the edge of the bathtub.
Running his hand over his forehead, he thought of Pete again. The whole thing with Pete was starting to drive him nuts, actually. Somehow it seemed increasingly important to gain some clarity as to what was really going on. Was it just a half-hearted trial-separation to have time to breathe or the definite end of a relationship? 
From the little he had heard, it appeared as if she still communicated with Pete one way or the other, and like she had neatly packed up Pete’s stuff, so he could pick it up sometime at his convenience. 
Joe growled to himself. This was actually very confusing and, if he was quite honest, extremely annoying and disconcerting. He was relatively sure that, three years ago, she hadn’t even thought about neatly packing up his toothbrush, shaving kit and the few clothes he had had in her dorm. If he had to make a guess, he would say she had probably broken the toothbrush in two and ripped or cut his clothes into pieces. And she surely hadn’t picked up the phone when he had tried to call her. So, whatever was the cause of the breakup with Pete, it didn’t seem nearly as unforgivable and unmendable as what he had done.
While contemplating this, his eyes had come to rest on the shelf across from him. On the three perfume flasks. One of them looked familiar. Painfully familiar. From her little bathroom in the dorm… 
He rose halfway and reached for that flask. Then he sat back down, took the cap off and held the nozzle up to his nose. The force with which that faint but so familiar scent on the nozzle hit him was so hard that it came as a real shock. It was like a sudden flash of weakness that took hold of his entire body. 
Swallowing, he closed his eyes. 
A total mess of emotions and memories coming over him, made him catch his breath and press the cool glass bottle against his forehead. 
It felt a bit like falling. 
Free fall… 
From high altitude… 
With scenes of a relationship flying by – Danny going shopping with him for Sarah; first evening in her dorm room; the concert; a few days of trying to get her out of his head; waking up in the hospital; his escaping his parents’ house on crutches; first night together in her dorm room… 
He forced his eyes open and sucked in a deep breath. 
Crap! He better stop thinking about all this before it became too much.
Feeling a little shaky, he put the cap back on the perfume flask as if there were an evil ghost inside that needed to be contained.
He left the bathroom and walked back towards the sofa.
On the way, he passed by D’s bedroom door. 
He came to a halt.
His heart beating harder now, he stared at the closed door. 
What if…? 
What if he went in? 
What if he woke her up? 
What if…? 
He imagined placing his hand on the door handle and pressing it down… 
He shook his head, irritated with his own mind game. 
If he really did that (enter that room), it would – even if for some stupid reason she didn’t kick him out right away – end in total chaos.
He went back to the sofa, took the two back cushions off, put the bedding on, took off his pants and his T-shirt and slipped under the sheet and the blanket. 
Then he switched off the light and tried to go to sleep.
Unfortunately he was wide-awake now...
After half an hour of tossing and turning he switched the light back on and got up. 
He went over to the fridge and poured himself a glass of milk. 
Maybe that would help him go to sleep. 
He was just leaning against the sink, taking a few sips, when he suddenly noticed D.
He hadn’t heard the bedroom door, but there she was, standing a few meters away, barefoot and in a striped blue and white tank top and blue pajama shorts.
“I didn’t want to wake you up,” he said apologetically while trying not to stare at her bare legs or the area of her top where he could guess the outline of her breasts.
”You didn’t wake me up,” she said and came over. “I couldn’t sleep.”
“Oh…” It was a pleasant surprise to Joe that he was obviously not the only one with this problem.
“Do you want some milk?” he held up his glass.
D looked at the glass for a moment, then she just took it from him, had a sip and gave it back. She didn’t look at him.
As he downed the rest of the milk, Joe tried to gauge the situation.
With her staring at the floor with an undecided expression now, one bare foot rubbing against the other, it was impossible to know what she was thinking. It was kind of nice that she had reappeared, of course, but he wasn’t sure at all what to make of it or what to do, for that matter. And from the way it looked, she wasn’t going to be much help.
“I saw you have some ice cream,” he said while putting the glass in the dishwasher. “We could have a midnight dessert on the sofa. I can offer you a piece of blanket…”  He was just winging it.
D let out a surprised, little laugh. “Do you always check out everyone’s freezer?” 
“I just looked and I am pleased with your selection,” he said. It was perfectly true, too. Liz and he had never been able to agree on any ice cream they both liked. In fact, Liz loved sorbets, which he couldn’t stand. It was kind of delightful to open this freezer here and find his two favorite flavors…
Still pondering this pleasant discovery, he quickly returned to the sofa, grabbed his T-shirt from the couch table and put it back on. 
Back in the kitchen, D had, meanwhile, put the ice cream containers and two bowls on the counter. 
“Here, you can do that.” She was holding the ice cram scoop out o him.
He laughed. “Sure, just exploit the injured.” 

Two minutes later they were in the living room. With Joe sitting on the sofa, that he had quickly equipped with the back cushions again, and D sitting on the chair beside the sofa...
The second she had (for some idiotic reason) sat down in that chair and Joe had shot her an exasperated look, she had realized that she had just messed it up! 
Joe started digging his spoon into the ice cream, his eyes fixed on something in his bowl.
“You know…” he said darkly without looking up at her, “You really don’t have to sit here with me. Feel free to just take the ice cream and go back to your bedroom.” He knew that he was pushing it. And he almost expected her to swiftly follow his sarcastic advice. But then, miracles still seemed to happen.
“Okay, I’ll sit with you then,” she muttered and pushed herself up.
“I thought that had been the plan anyway,” he said with a shake of his head.
She slid under the blanket, but still left enough room between them so they didn’t touch. This wasn’t exactly what he had had in mind, but he decided that it was a good start.
“Can I ask you something?” he asked, giving her a look from the side.
From the way she faltered, he realized that she was obviously expecting the worst now – whatever that might be.
“What?” she asked warily.
“What did Pete want last night?” 
Her expression seemed to relax a bit, indicating that what he had asked obviously wasn’t what she had feared.
“I haven’t called him back yet,” she said, her eyes on her bowl.  
“Oh you haven’t? That’s kind of mean, isn’t it?”
She shrugged and kept eating her ice cream. 
Deep down D was incredibly relieved that his question hadn’t been what she had expected. He could ask about Pete all he wanted. That was fine. No problem there. She would answer more or less truthfully – whatever she saw fit – and that was it. The thing she really couldn’t have him ask about was what they were doing here, or how she felt about him. It was one thing to let him into her flat and let him stay and possibly even let him kiss her (which so far he hadn’t even tried this evening), but it was something entirely different to actually discuss the meaning of such insane actions with him.
“So, why is he still calling?” Joe pressed.
“He’s calling because – “ She was scrambling for words. “…we’re still friends, I guess.”
“Oh, are you?” There was mockery in his tone. “Does that really work?”
“I can’t say yet if it works,” she mumbled while stirring her ice cream, “but I can hardly refuse to try. Or can I?”
Instead of a response, Joe shrugged.
With her spoon D ploughed a straight line in the middle of the ice cream mush that was still left in her bowl.
“I bet what he really wanted, was to find out how the grill party’s been,” Joe said.
For a moment D considered this. 
“Could be,” she finally said with a jerky shrug. “He doesn’t know that you were there, though. If that’s what you’re indicating! “
“I’m not indicating anything,” Joe said saintly.
Staring into her bowl, D spooned up the ice cream to the left of her dividing line. “He probably wanted to tell me something about the stupid company party I’m supposed to go to with him next week,” she said then. 
If Joe was surprised or annoyed, he didn’t show it. He finished his ice cream and then leaned forward to set the empty bowl on the coffee table. 
When he leaned back again, he was sitting close enough for their arms to touch. And if he were to moved his leg just a tiny bit, his knee would actually be against hers…
Even though he refrained from doing the knee-part for right now, D felt the hot flash run through her from top to toe with his sitting so close. Thank God she was having ice cream here and not hot soup! 
Glad to have something to occupy herself with, she ate what was left in her bowl at the slowest possible pace (which naturally made the ice cream mush turn to soup). Once she was done, she let the spoon slide into the bowl and tried to decide if she should just keep the bowl on her lap now or put it on the coffee table, which would mean she would have to lean forward. If she did that she’d never dare to sit as close to him again afterwards as they were sitting now.
Joe must have guessed the dilemma. Without a word he reached over, took the bowl from her and put it on top of his own. Then he leaned back again – this time sitting even closer than before. And he decided to just go ahead and do the knee-thing while he was at it – and also drape his arm over the sofa behind her. 
For a while they just sat like this with none of them speaking.
Finally D exhaled audibly. “This whole thing is so stupid…” she sighed. 
“What’s stupid?” He gave her confused glance from the side. ”This?” He gently nudged his arm against her shoulders.
Sucking in a breath, she shook her head. “No, the thing with Pete…”
Joe let out a little laugh. “Oh, that! What part of it? That he keeps calling you? That you go to some company party with him? That you’re still friends?”
D could feel a lump in her throat.
“Actually,” Joe said calmly without waiting for an answer, “I never liked Pete, so I’m kind of biased here – in more than just one way. So, I guess, I’m probably the last person that should give you advice or even an opinion on this matter. Sarah might be a lot better!” (That wasn’t to say that he wouldn’t have just loved to give her some advice, of course!)
“I’ve talked to Sarah,” D said flatly, “she thinks it’s idiotic…”
Joe let out a laugh. “Well, then – there you go!” 
With this, he let his arm slide down.
Feeling his arm resting around her shoulders now, D felt her stomach churn. She drew in a deep breath and briefly closed her eyes.
Joe, for his part, was immensely relieved – and surprised – that the slipping arm hadn’t chased her away. He was very tempted to proceed with pulling her closer and kissing her, but he was afraid that he wouldn’t get very far if he tried that. Plus, he had just remembered a valuable piece of dating advice he had once read in a men’s magazine: “…you need to go at a pace that’s even too slow for her, in order for her to figure out that she wants it too…” 
For some reason this motto seemed extremely fitting in this particular case – move so slowly that even she would eventually get frustrated. No kissing unless she started it, and definitely nothing beyond that.

So, they just sat there in silence for a while, his arm around her and his thumb softly stroking a spot of exposed skin on her shoulder. 
When, after a few minutes of this, she scooted forward to the edge of the sofa, he retracted his arm. 
Running his hand through his hair, he watched her get up.
“I think I better go back to bed,” she said without looking at him.
Then she picked up the two bowls from the coffee table and just stood there for a moment, giving him an undecided look. Obviously she wasn’t even entirely sure herself that leaving now was what she really wanted. Joe knew that it was definitely not what he wanted. He wanted her back here on the sofa, preferably lying down this time…
But then he put on a friendly smile and said, “Yeah, pretty late already.” 
He was impressed with himself at how calm and understanding he sounded. “Good night, again.”
“Good night.” 
She dropped the bowls off at the bar counter and then disappeared into her bedroom, quietly closing the door behind herself.

Alone in the living room again, Joe yanked his T-shirt over his head and thrust it across the living room with a frustrated growl. Then he snatched the two back cushions off the sofa again, dropped them next to the coffee table and turned off the light.
Lying in the dark, he thought about his new strategy again. Maybe it wasn’t all that great after all. Given their history together, how likely was it that she would ever make a move? Wouldn’t she rather die than do that? 

He had almost nodded off, when the noise of the bedroom door snapped him back into consciousness. 
He was instantly wide awake again, his heart beating wildly.
“Joe?” It was just a whisper from the end of the sofa where he had dropped the back cushions. “You still awake?”
Hearing her actually say his name - for the first time since he had returned to Innsbruck - tugged at something inside him. 
“Oh, you’re back!” he said, his tone teasing. “How did that happen? Are you scared all alone in your room?”
“Yeah, right…” 
It was too dark to really see anything except her silhouette, but it appeared as if she was scratching her head. Then, hardly loud enough to hear, she said: “Do you still have space under your blanket?”
Joe faltered. Any possibility that he had misheard? 
“Sure,” he said, trying to hide his surprise. Since she was stepping over the cushions and coming up to the side of the sofa now, a misunderstanding could probably be ruled out.
He lifted the blanket and scooted all the way against the back of the sofa. ”Come on in…” 
Now she hesitated. Quiet and motionless she was standing there looking down on him.
“Do I have to put my T-shirt back on for this?” he asked. “Or would that defeat the purpose?”
There wasn’t a reaction right away, but he thought he could hear her swallow. 
When she finally sat down on the edge of the sofa, he was literally holding his breath wondering if she’d actually lie down. 
She did – only that she did it facing away from him and so far out that there seemed to be worlds between them. How did she even do that? The sofa wasn’t that deep!
Rolling his eyes behind her back, Joe put the blanket over her and, after a moment of hesitation, loosely draped his left arm across her as well. 
“Okay, Danny,” he said, his tone a bit sarcastic, “if you seriously intend to stay like this, you’ll fall off the sofa, I guarantee you that. And I doubt that’s what you came back here for.” To prove his point he nudged her with his bent knee against her lower back. 
“Stop that!” She reached behind herself and pushed his knee away with her hand. Then, to his surprise, she actually did slide back enough so she wasn’t in danger of falling off the sofa anymore. Not enough to touch, though.
With a little snort, Joe scooted forward, his arm firmly around her so she couldn’t move away. When he was done, his chest was against her shoulder blades, his knees against the underside of her legs and his flat left hand on the blanket right where her stomach must be. 
She had tensed up a bit, but he didn’t care. 
On the contrary! This probably was a clear sign that he was doing something right here!
“So, and now you need to relax!” he told her.
He could hear her exhale shakily. “I am relaxed…”
He let out a laugh. “No, you’re not!” He moved his face close to her ear. “You’re not relaxed at all.” He let his flat hand slide across to her waist and back to the other one.
“Well, are you relaxed?” she grumbled.
“Mostly,” he lied.
“Oh, are you? Really??? ” She leaned back against him, sliding into his lap a little further.
Joe closed his eyes and swallowed. 
“I just have an anatomical problem here,” he admitted, “but, yeah, I do find this pretty relaxing. Keep going…”
 She scoffed and quickly moved back into the initial position.
“You better keep this anatomical problem under control.”
“Don’t worry, I will.” Chuckling he rubbed his chin against the side of her neck and told her again to relax. At the same time he softly blew into her ear.
She gasped. “What are you doing?”
“Just making it up as I go along,” he admitted. “But I could ask you the same thing, What the hell are you doing?” He imitated her accusing tone. “This isn’t some sort of nasty experiment by any chance?”
She didn’t answer right away. 
He nudged her shoulder with his chin. “Answer please.”
“It is kind of an experiment, yeah.”
“Well, great!” he exclaimed, “and you just lie here and flat-out admit it? That’s pretty shocking! But well - since we’re here, I guess I will just conduct my own experiments too, if you don’t mind.”
Without waiting for her reaction – or permission for that matter – he slid his hand under the blanket. He could feel her flinch when his fingertips touched the fabric of her shorts right above her hip.
“Just hold still, okay? My turn with experiments now.”
He slid his hand under her shirt and placed his palm on her bare belly. He could hear her catch her breath and she flinched.
Keeping his hand there, he realized that he could actually feel her breathe. He closed his eyes and just let that feeling sink in for a few seconds, only his thumb gently sweeping it up and down with the rhythm of his own breathing - that seemed to have adapted to hers.
Amazed that she hadn’t pulled away yet, but seemed to have actually relaxed against him, Joe was starting to feel a bit light-headed, but also inspired. He decided to carry on with the experiment while he still could. 
Slowly, very slowly, he started moving his hand up. 
It would be interesting to see how far he would get.
“Joe,” she breathed. “Stop that.” She caught his hand about halfway between her belly button and the area of interest and held it there.
“Oh, you don’t like my experiment?” He pretended to be surprised.
“Well, you don’t like mine either.” She sounded shaky.
“That’s not true.” He pulled his hand out from under hers and placed it on her stomach again. “I love your experiments, but it’s the way you conduct them that’s the problem. There seem to be cruel intentions…”  He blew a kiss against the side of her neck.
She swallowed hard. 
He let his hand skate over to her waist, his arm draped across her now. 
“And let’s face it, Danny - if you step into the alligator’s cage and try to run your little experiments, you do have to be prepared that the alligator might try to bite off your hand or head or whatever part of you it can get ahold of!” He playfully bit her earlobe before he buried his nose in her hair for a moment. That’s when it suddenly hit him that he was straying way off the men’s magazine’s good advice. He was on the best way of pushing this too far. 
He retracted his hand and scooted back.

The sudden loss of his touch and his warmth took D totally by surprise. For a moment she still lay there, expecting some new experimental approach. When nothing happened, she reached back with her hand and realized that he had moved all the way towards the back of the sofa.
She turned around to him.
“What’s wrong?” she asked.
“Well, don’t tell me this wasn’t breaking the rules,” he said darkly. He was lying on his back staring up, one of his arms bent under his head, the other draped across his stomach.
Taken aback by the somber tone, D considered this for a moment. 
“Breaking all kinds of rules,” she confirmed.
A few seconds passed.
When Joe was still staring up at the ceiling, she finally propped herself up on her arm. 
“Hey…” She extended her hand and brushed a strand of hair from his forehead. 
As her fingers softy touched his temple, she could see him close his eyes. 
Forcing herself not to pull back that hand just yet, she placed her index finger just above one of his eyebrows and followed the curve to the bridge of his nose.
He still had his eyes closed.
“So, is the alligator pretending to be asleep now?” she asked and started slowly running her fingers down the back of his nose.
“It’s still very dangerous,” he whispered with a soft chuckle, “You better make sure you don’t provoke it. Even when it’s sleeping it’s an unpredictable threat!
“Oh really?” Provokingly she let her fingertips dance over the tip of his nose for a moment.
Joe was having serious trouble keeping his eyes shut and lying still here, but he tried his best.
Her fingers were gliding from his nose down to his mouth now.
It was perfectly clear to him that the alligator should snap for her fingers here any second, but he kept his lips pressed together and didn’t attack. He simply didn’t want this to end just yet. 
The light touch passed his lips and his chin and then trickled down to his throat and, finally, his collarbone. 
That’s when he caught her hand and – his braced hand on top of hers – held it there, pressed against his skin. 
He opened his eyes and looked at her. 
“This is where you kiss the guy…” he said.
She exhaled audibly. “Is it?”
“Man, Danny, if this were a movie, the audience would be rolling their eyes in frustration by now.” He gave her a crooked smile.
She was looking down at him with a torn expression.
“You’ll have to start this time,” he told her, while running his hand up her forearm to her elbow. ”I’ll help you then, but you’ll have to start. You’re the one in charge of this experiment!” 
He gave her arm a gentle squeeze. 
“I can’t do this if we discuss it in detail beforehand!” she complained.
He laughed. “That was by no means in detail! Do you want me to really go into detail here about how this is supposed to work exactly?”
“No thanks!” 
“….there’s a whole bunch of good scenarios that come to mind, and each of them will work just fine.” He let his fingertips dance up over her arm to her shoulder. “Like for example, you could–” 
He fell silent when she lifted her hand to his face. 
Her hand against his cheek, she extended her thumb to his lips.
Traced them. 
“Okay then,” she said and leaned over to him. “Seems like there’s only one good way to make you shut up.”
“Mhmm…”

Once her lips were on his – the start of a cautious, hesitant kiss –  Joe decided he could throw his stupid resolutions overboard. 
Sliding his left hand against her cheek, he kissed her back, carrying this kiss a lot further than it may have been intended to go. His tongue gliding over her lower lip; his left hand pushing into her hair, pulling her face closer; his tongue somehow finding hers; his braced hand firmly against her back, sliding under her T-shirt.
He pulled her closer against himself – and made sure that kiss gained even more momentum. 
He was immersed in what felt like a pink, fluffy cloud and tried to ignore the red flashing alarm light that had come on somewhere in the back of his clouded mind. This thing was about to spin out of control. He knew it. And part of him wanted it to do just that. 
There was hardly any clothing between them and his hands were just itching to remove the little there was. And the way this kiss was going he was almost positive he would get away with pretty much anything right now.
It took all the self-control he still had left, not to push up her shirt but loosen his embrace instead and break that kiss.
Blowing out a long, staggered breath, D sank against him like a rag doll.
“Don’t get me wrong,” he told her, stroking her back as she buried her face buried somewhere between his neck and his shoulder., “I would love to carry on with this but… well, I’m pretty sure if this got out of hand, you’d blame me.”
She lifted her head a bit. “Well, who else could I blame?” She let out a little, helpless laugh.
Joe couldn’t help chuckling. “Rumor has it, that this kind of thing takes two, okay? And as far as I remember you started it!” He poked her left shoulder with his index finger. “It wasn’t me!”
Nodding against his neck, D exhaled audibly. Finally she pulled away and sat up. She blew out another breath and ran her hands over her face.
“Hey…” He reached out and put his hand on her knee, giving it a gentle rub. “You okay?”
“I don’t know.” She slightly shook her head. “Kind of feels like some fuses just blew.”
He laughed. “Sorry about that!” 
Even to himself he didn’t sound very sorry.
“Are you still going to wake me up tomorrow morning?” she asked, absently running her fingers over the knuckles of his hand that was still on her knee.
“Sure. If you want, I’ll make sure the alligator bites your toe around eight.” With the thumb and index finger of his hand, he playfully clawed into her knee, imitating the bite of the alligator.
“Okay.” She chuckled wearily and gave his clawing hand a quick pat. Then she got up. “Good night.”

As she closed the bedroom door behind her, Joe threw his arms to his sides and drew in a deep breath. 
What the hell was he doing? 
Did he have any idea what a mess he was getting himself into? 
Or did he even care?
Maybe until half an hour ago he could have still claimed that nothing had happened, no harm being done… 
It would have been a blatant lie even then, but he might still have gotten away with it. The whole sofa thing had definitely been crossing the line now, though. No use denying it!
He might be able to sleep with Christine and get lucky enough to find that there really were no strings attached. Kissing Danny was an entirely different state of affairs. Just plopping a steak on her plate could have some very severe consequences.
Was he ready for any of that?
He couldn’t roll around with her on her sofa half naked and pretend that this was the normal, harmless way to spend an evening.
Even though, quite amazingly, it had been she who had started the sofa thing, there was no denying that he had been pushing it all evening and he had contributed a big part to it getting this far. He had called her about going out for dinner, he had told her he wasn’t up to going home… He had been pushing this full force. And then he had the nerve to complain about her experiments!

Garbage bags
Joe would have loved to ignore the wake-up signal from his watch.
His first impulse was to turn it off and just go back to sleep. 
But then Sarah and the fact that he was supposed to have breakfast with her this morning snuck into his dreamy mind and made a peaceful continuation of his sleep impossible.
With an unwilling groan he rubbed his eyes and then just lay there for another minute, his arm over his face. 
He was absolutely not in the mood to face Sarah and the unavoidable questions she was going to ask! Unfortunately there was no getting out of it this time.
Slowly, he sat up and ran his fingers through his hair. 
The whole experimenting last night on the sofa seemed like a crazy dream this morning. He wasn’t even quite sure how he felt about it. Part of him wanted to quickly forget about it, the other (far stronger) part was still cursing him for having pulled the brake on the experiment when he had. If he hadn’t done that, he might have woken up with her beside him. The pure thought made his stomach churn. 
Could have. Should have. Might have.
He got up, grabbed his clothes and went into the bathroom. He had a quick shower, brushed his teeth and got dressed. And just before he left the bathroom, he took another sniff from that one perfume flask – with a similarly unbalancing effect as the previous night.
He stepped out of the bathroom hoping to find Danny up and about in the living room or the kitchen. But she wasn’t. 
He hated to admit it, but he actually dreaded going into her bedroom and waking her up. He had this very bad feeling that, however close they had gotten last night, he might not find a trace of it when she opened her eyes this morning. And he simply didn’t want to see that. Instead he imagined that, if she woke up by herself and emerged out of that room after having had a few minutes alone to come to terms with the sofa experiments, they might be all right.
To waste a little more time, he went over to the sofa and folded the sheets and the blanket, put everything in a pile with the pillows on top and replaced the back cushions on the sofa.
Still, there was no trace of her and no noise from the bedroom either. 
He checked his watch. It was getting too late to wait it out.
Exhaling tensely, he went over to the bedroom door and knocked. Without really waiting for an answer, he opened it.
To his surprise the shades were already pulled halfway.
“Hi.” D was sitting in bed, her back against the headboard and her comforter over her lap. She was giving him a wary smile. “Are you feeling as well-rested as I am?”
He nodded. “Yeah, you can rely on that.” Judging from what she had just said, she wasn’t trying to deny that a good part of last night had been spent with other activities besides getting rest and sleep. That was a good sign.
“You’ll have to go pretty soon, huh?” she asked with a quick glance at the alarm clock as he came around the bed.
“Still got ten minutes,” he said with an undecided look down at her.
She moved over a little, and he sat down.
“I hate to tell you this,” he said and draped his arm over her legs, “but I’m almost glad I’ll be spending the next two nights in a room with Jack. Maybe I’ll get some sleep then...” 
“Poor you,” she teased. At the same time it had just hit her how anxious her own hotel room arrangement made her. Staying in a room with Sarah, behaving normally – as in unsuspiciously - with everything that was going on, would be a struggle and really weird after what had happened last night.
“What’s up with all this?” Joe was gesturing to the clothes piles on her bed and on the floor beside it.
“I’ve cleaned out some stuff,” she said. “Now I just need to go by the clothes container sometime and get rid of this,” she pointed to the respective two piles. Then she nudged her head towards the dorm curtains on the floor. “And that’s some stuff for Sarah.”
Joe felt this little stab in his chest as he recognized the fabric. The curtains form the dorm. He couldn’t even say how many times he’d opened and closed those…
“And this small collection here on the pillow,” D put her hand on a very small pile right beside her, “That’s a few things I’m still not sure about. Maybe I’ll keep them, maybe not.”
“I can take the stuff to the container if you want,” he offered. “There’s one right where I get off the Autobahn.”
She hesitated.
“We’d just need some big garbage bags to pack this up,” he said.
She squinted at him a bit skeptically, but then she pulled back the comforter and got up. “Sure… I just haven’t gotten around to it yet.”
She went to the kitchen and returned with a roll of big black garbage bags. She tore two off and handed him one. 
“Here, be my guest. Do you want to maybe bring Sarah her stuff too, while you’re at it?” There was an angel’s smile on her face.
Joe cocked his head at her. She was bluffing, and he knew it.
“Sure, I can do that,” he said coolly. ”I might have to explain to her how the stuff got from your bedside into my trunk, but sure, I don’t have a problem with that if you don’t. Just give me another bag…”
She looked back at him, obviously unsure if he would seriously do it. Finally, she laughed. “Okay. You win!”
Joe grinned. “You sure about that? I mean, it would give Sarah and me something to talk about over breakfast at least.” That was plain sarcasm.
“I think you’ve got more than enough to discuss as it is.” There seemed to be some sympathy in her voice.
“Yeah…” Sighing heavily he stuffed a few more things from the pile in front of him into his bag. 
“I know it’s a mess,” she said. “You probably think I’ve turned into one of these people that collect all kinds of stuff and pile it up everywhere in their homes…”
Joe shook his head. “No, that’s not it.”
Something in the way he had said it and the way he didn’t look at her, made her falter.
“What is it then?” 
“Nothing.” He shook his head and dropped a pair of pants into his bag.
“This isn’t about clearing the bed, is it?”
He could feel her staring at him as he kept putting stuff into his bag. She had guessed right. Of course this was about clearing the bed. Admitting it didn’t seem like a smart move, though.
She dropped her gaze. Swallowed. 
“I’m not going to sleep with you,” she finally said, barely loud enough to hear. It almost sounded like an apology.
Joe coughed. “I’m glad we got that clarified. How nice that your experiments last night yielded some results!”
D looked back at him, almost shocked. “That’s not fair.” 
“Yeah, like you’re being fair.” He reached for the flashy cocktail dress and wondered why she had ever gotten that thing. “Anyway,” he said, “I’m not trying to clear your bed because I expect you to…sleep with me. “ 
He threw out a hand. 
“Just -  if I come back here and if I happen to stay overnight and if you – by any chance – feel like sleeping next to me, it would be kind of nice if we didn’t have to both try and fit on the sofa, okay? And there are three ifs in this sentence!” 
He grabbed the last two pieces of clothing that were still lying there and shoved them into his bag. Then he tied it up and leaned it against the bed.
“I’m sorry,” D said, her voice unsteady. 
“It’s fine,” he said flatly and pulled the small pile over that she had claimed she wasn’t quite sure about.
He unfolded the shirt that was on top, had a quick look at it and then placed it back on the bed. Then he did the same with a red summer skirt, a blue dress and some striped Capri pants.
D was just putting the last piece of her pile into her bag.
“Keep this,” Joe held up the blue dress and the red skirt. “I like it.”
“Okay.” D grabbed the T-shirt and the striped pants he hadn’t declared worth keeping and stuffed them into her bag. Then she tied it up.
Joe picked up his bag and reached for hers. “I’ll just take these outside,” he said, “then I’ll come back in and get my other stuff.”

When he came back, D was leaning against the chair in the living room, the tiramisu dish in her hand.
“Right, I better not forget that,” he said and took it from her. Then, he grabbed his phone and the sweater from the coffee table. “Must have left my sweater here yesterday morning,” he said, “Found it last night on the floor.”
“Oh.” D seemed surprised. “I didn’t even notice it.”
For a moment they just stood there, both not quite sure how do the goodbye scene now.
“Well,” Joe finally said with a shrug. “Guess I’ll see you at the hotel tonight…”
“Yeah…” she nodded.
“You’re not driving in Jack’s car again, I hope,” Joe said, “Even if it’s supposedly fixed…”
She shook her head. “No. I’ll drive. Jack and Sun are coming with me this time.”
He nodded. “Good.” 
For a moment he seemed to still consider this last part of their conversation, then he leaned in and gave her a quick kiss on the cheek.
“Have a safe drive.” His hand briefly slid across her upper back. Then he turned to leave.
“You too…” 
The totally unsatisfying kiss and the way he had hardly looked at her since her announcement in the bedroom had left her with a considerable lump in her throat.

Breakfast with Sarah
Sarah got up around seven-thirty, had a quick shower, put on some make-up and – wrapped in a towel – returned to her bedroom where she cracked the shades open to have a look at the weather outside. Her eyes widened as she glanced up and down the street. Joe’s car wasn’t there – again!?! She almost dropped her towel.
When she had come home the previous night, she had noticed that his car wasn’t parked outside yet, but not in her wildest dreams had she expected that he wouldn’t return all night – again. Especially since they had agreed to go out for breakfast this morning.
Furiously she grabbed the phone from the night stand, plopped down on the bed and was about to call him, when she saw his text message.
“What the hell?” 
After reading the message twice she pressed the button to call him back. When it kicked into voice mail right away, she angrily thrust the phone onto the bed with so much force that it bounced right back and would have landed on the floor had she not flung herself across the bed and caught it in mid-air.
Pacing up and down in her room a few times, she tried to calm down. He was going to be there for breakfast, so there wasn’t much she could complain about. At least he would see it that way.
It was almost eight-thirty now. She better get dressed or she would be the one to be late.
~~~
Pulling into the café’s parking lot, Joe was relieved to see that Sarah’s car wasn’t there yet. He was six minutes late after going by the clothes containers to drop off D’s stuff.
He parked the car and decided to just go inside instead of waiting for Sarah at the car.
It was a cute little café that must have opened sometime over the last few years. He had never been here before. 
The waitress led him to a small booth in the back at a window. He sat down and stared at the two unopened menus on the table. He was really hungry, but he couldn’t say that he was looking forward to the next half an hour or however long this was going to take.
When Sarah arrived five minutes later, he could see that she was still angry. She walked up to the table with a hard expression, threw her purse on the bench across from him and gave him a furious look as she sat down.
“You must be completely–”
“Well, good morning!” he cut her off.
She stared at him and was just opening her mouth to say something – judging from the look on her face it wasn’t going to be anything very friendly – but then she stopped herself when she saw him raise his hand and give her a warning look. 
“Calm down Sarah, okay?” he said, “I know you’re mad, but I really don’t want to get into the ‘where have you been?’, ‘How dare you?’ discussion right now, alright? And maybe we should have something to eat before we talk at all.”
Sarah grabbed the menu, flipped it open and stared at it, trying to swallow her anger. It was stupid, of course. What did she care how her brother spent his nights?
“Can I get you anything yet?” An eager young waiter had stepped up to their table and looked at them expectantly.
Sarah ordered coffee, orange juice and pancakes.
Joe ordered coffee and an English breakfast.
From his choice Sarah concluded that, wherever he had been, he had obviously not been fed breakfast this time. She kept herself from commenting on that.
Once the waiter was out of sight, they looked at each other again; Joe wondering why she was so upset exactly, and Sarah realizing that his mood didn’t appear to be as splendid as it had been the previous morning. But, just like yesterday, he didn’t seem to have slept much – and he hadn’t shaved. Not that it looked too bad. Just something she noticed…
“I’m sorry, okay?” he grumbled. “It’s not what it looks like!” He let out a little, surprised laugh. “I never thought I’d actually ever say that to my sister!”
Sarah shrugged, giving him a dark look. “Well, you don’t have to tell your sister anything at all. It’s your life. Totally your business. Just do what you like! But that’s what you’re doing anyway, right?”
Giving her a slightly frustrated look, he exhaled. “Sarah, come on…”
She raised her hands defensively. “You don’t have to tell me anything, you don’t have to justify yourself… I don’t give a shit!”
Leaning back in his seat, Joe tensely rubbed his chin. “There are some things I would actually like to tell you, though,” he said in a conciliatory tone, “and that’s what we’re here for as far as I know. But then there’re also some things that really are my business. And that’s the stuff we won’t be talking about.”
Sarah shrugged. “Sure… just feel free to pick and choose what’s right for my ears and what’s not.”
“Thank you, I will!”
A waitress brought the coffee and the juice. And while Sarah shot her an irritated look, annoyed by the constant interruptions, she found Joe thanking the girl with one of his best smiles. Sarah had to keep herself from kicking him under the table. Was he trying to pick up the waitress next?
Oblivious to the fact that he had just committed another major crime, Joe took a sip of his coffee and then glanced over at his sister.
“Okay,” he said, “what I actually did want to tell you is that… ahm… Liz and I are… over.”
Sarah almost spilled her orange juice. What was that? Had he really just said it?
“Over as in taking a break and see or over as in that’s definitely it?” She just wanted to make sure she wasn’t getting ahead of herself with joy here.
“Not just taking a break as far as I’m concerned,” Joe answered.
“Wow! Guess that explains it then.”
“What?” He couldn’t quite follow.
“Oh, just the part that we won’t be talking about,” Sarah said with an acidic smile, “the part where you’re out and about all night…”
He shook his head, his expression darkening. “Sarah, if you don’t drop that attitude, I swear I’m out of here.”
Sarah swallowed. “Yeah, okay. I get it… Sorry… Sometimes I just can’t help it.”
“You don’t say…”
“Why did you–” she interrupted herself, obviously having changed her mind about what to say. “Did you just leave, as in walk out on her?”
“Pretty much.”
“Wow. Why now?”
Before Joe could say anything, the waitress brought the food. And even though Sarah wasn’t pleased with yet another interruption at a crucial moment, she realized how hungry she was. And the food looked really good. Joe was right; food might help to improve the mood considerably.
“You can have a pancake,” she offered.
“Thanks, but I think I’ve got enough here,” he said. “Do you want some of mine, though?”
“No, thanks, I’m fine,” Sarah said and poured some maple syrup over her pancakes.
For a while they ate in silence. 
Then Joe picked up the conversation again. “Okay,” he said, “you wanted to know why now?”
Her mouth full, Sarah nodded.
Joe thought about it for a moment.
“Well - and I’m sure you’ll be delighted to hear this – I guess we’d simply reached the point where it couldn’t have gone on any longer – or at least I had reached that point.” He arranged a piece of sausage and beans on his fork. “It’s been pretty unbearable for a long time, actually. But instead of calling it quits, I just went on every possible business trip to get away and have my peace.” He paused for a moment and took a bite. “That only made it worse once I got back, of course.” 
“I see,” Sarah said, eyeing him cautiously. “I can’t say I find it very delightful, though. More disturbing.”
Joe glanced up from his plate, mainly to see if she was mocking him. But when that didn’t seem to be the case, he ate some more of his breakfast and then continued. “Anyway”, he told her, “lately… well, I guess some things happened that made it hard to ignore that it just couldn’t go on. And then you sent me the invitation for this weekend. So, at some point, when it was just really bad again, I kind of decided that it’s now or never.”
Sarah gave him a long look, not quite sure what to say. Especially what to say that wouldn’t include any form of ‘I could have told you so’.
 “She changed,” Joe said as if he was reading her mind. “After about half a year of living together she changed pretty drastically…”
Sarah frowned. “And there’s no way she might have always been that way and you were just too blind to see it?”
Joe’s expression turned defiant. “I don’t think so, but if you say so, who knows, maybe I’m that big of an idiot that I really just didn’t see it.”
“God, don’t be so touchy!” Sarah muttered. “It’s just…– if she already turned into an evil witch after the fifteenth kiss you gave her, why did you wait until now to run? I don’t get that. She didn’t have you locked up in a tower!”
“No, she didn’t, but as I said, I wasn’t home much lately. And maybe I didn’t want to deal with all the crap of a split-up. And for a long time I just didn’t want to accept that I totally fucked up getting involved with her in the first place…”
Sarah raised her eyebrows. “Well, that’s a surprise hearing it from you…”
 “Well, you hear it now. Hope you’re content!”
Slowly Sarah shook her head. “Not really, no. Of course, I love to be right, but in this case – you’re my brother and I would rather see you happy! Sure, I never liked her. But I thought – or hoped, for that matter – that there was something nice and good in her that I just didn’t see. I was hoping that for your sake.”
“Well, thanks,” Joe said darkly. “But no, there’s not a whole lot of nice and good.”
Sarah stuffed some pancake into her mouth and chewed on it, scrambling for an appropriate reaction. She wanted to ask what had really happened, but his being so vague was a clear indicator that he probably didn’t want to talk about it in much detail. 
“So, that’s why you said you’d stay for a while?” she asked with a searching look at him, “Because you left her?”
 “Yeah, basically,” he confirmed. “It’s probably stupid to run and stay with you, but I kind of need some time away – also from the job - to sort some things out. And it just sounded really good to see you and the others.”
Sarah resisted the urge to reach out and touch his hand. 
“I’m glad you came!” she told him instead. “Even if it’s three years too late. Just please don’t go back to her! Please, please, please!”
Joe couldn’t help laughing. “Don’t worry I’m not planning to!”
 “And you can stay as long as you want. Really. It’s your house too… And while you’re around I might just exploit you for yard work and cleaning out the attic and setting up my computer properly and fixing some things on the car and the house…”
 “Oh my,” Joe sighed theatrically, “that sounds like a dangerous, life-long engagement.”
“Exactly!” Sarah laughed. “Maybe in two weeks you’ll be longing for your old life with Liz…”
“I kind of doubt that,” he said with a crooked smile.
A few minutes passed with both of them just eating their breakfast and following their own thoughts.
When Joe put down his fork, his food all gone, Sarah looked up at him again.
 “You know, to me it’s still hard to understand how you ended up with her in the first place,” she said. “She really didn’t seem like your type. More like the type that you’d always joked about.”
Picking up his coffee cup, Joe shrugged and took a sip.
“And – I mean – it’s not like you only had a quick thing with her,” Sarah pressed on. “You literally dropped everything and everyone here and ran off to be with her. And not until three years later you–”
“I already told you that I was gone a lot and it wasn’t exactly the happiest three years, okay,” Joe said, his gaze drifting off towards the window to his left.
“Were you in love with her?” Sarah wanted to know. “I mean, seriously?” 
Staring at something outside the window, Joe chewed on his lower lip for a moment.
“Well, you probably wouldn’t have left from here otherwise, I guess?” Sarah tried to answer her own question.
Across from her, Joe shrugged. “In retrospect, I would say that there were some other decisive factors as well.”
She raised her eyebrows. “You mean apart from your burning love for Liz?”
Ignoring the sarcasm, Joe gave an affirmative little shrug-nod. “Yep.”
“Such as?” Sarah demanded.
“Such as… timing… and our father.” 
“Dad?” Sarah was confused. “Because you didn’t want to be around him?”  She frowned. “That’s kind of a sick reason to hook up with Liz.”
Joe blew out an irritated breath. “I didn’t say he was the reason I hooked up with her. But he wasn’t exactly an incentive to stick around here. Getting away from him was definitely a bonus in the whole thing.”
Sarah squinted incredulously.
“Well, yeah, I didn’t say it all makes a lot of sense,” he mumbled stubbornly.
“Good, because that doesn’t make any sense at all,” Sarah shot back. “If you had just needed to get away from Dad, you could have just gone to London with D. As far as I know that had been the plan, right? And you totally wrecked that!”
His face hard now, he turned to look out the window again, obviously unwilling to comment. 
“Sorry, Joe, but let me get this straight, one day you were planning a student exchange year in London with D and were hardly ever home for that matter because you were sleeping more in D’s dorm than in your own bed, and the next day it’s all over and you’re off with Liz…”
She could see him draw in a long breath. 
“I don’t think it all happened quite that quickly and in exactly that order,” he said. “Anyway, the London endeavor had something to do with it too, I guess.”
“Huh? Explain that to me, would you?”
“Well, it’s kind of hard to explain,” he said evasively.
“Try it!” Sarah said through clenched teeth.
He blew out a breath. “Well…” His eyes had shifted towards the window again. “Danny really wanted to do that – the London exchange year…” 
Hearing him still refer to D like this made Sarah falter. Funny how he still did that.
“She thought it would be great,” Joe continued, “and I … I kind of went along with it, I guess, but...” He paused and took a quick sip of his coffee. “Anyway… It would have been a good way to get away from Dad, of course, but in a way it freaked me out. Can’t explain it, really. Just that…I really didn’t want to go and live in London for a year. Looking back it seems pretty stupid, I know, but at the time… It scared me, I guess. The whole London thing… – and the implications – living there together and stuff like that…”
Sarah frowned. 
“Which implications?” she asked sharply. “Did you think you’d have to marry D afterwards or what?” Bewildered, she shook her head.
Instead of answering, Joe bit down on his lower lip and drew in some air through his nose. 
Sarah took this as a confirmation.
“You’re such an id–” she stopped herself before she said it. “Why the hell did you fill out all the forms for the exchange year application and make plans and act as if you were really into it?” She was getting louder now.
Avoiding eye contact, Joe shrugged again.
“JOSEPH!!!??? ”
With a defiant look, he turned to face her again. “I guess I hoped it wouldn’t be approved or something else would happen,” he said. “Man, Sarah, don’t look at me that way!”
Sarah angrily shook her head. “I thought that year in London was as much your idea as hers,” she snapped. “So, help me out here, Joe, did Danny–” She dragged out the name and watched him while she did. “Did D even know you didn’t want to go? Or did you just play along, hoping something would happen…”
“I guess…” He was uncomfortably staring at the salt shaker now.
“Ah, I see! And when it didn’t happen by itself, you made it happen…”
She saw him close his eyes for a moment and take a deep breath.
Good, at least he was suffering!
“That’s not true,” he said quietly.
Sarah grabbed the salt shaker he was still looking at and clenched her hand around it. She would have really liked to bang it on his head right now.
The young waiter had reappeared, probably intending to come by and ask them what else he could do for them, but he changed his mind when he witnessed how the salt shaker was set back on the table with so much force.
Sarah glared at Joe looking out the window. Three years later she was finally getting to the core of the story! She actually really felt like yelling at him, but given the location she hissed instead: “So, you’re seriously telling me you hooked up with Liz because you couldn’t stand being around Dad? And because you didn’t have the guts to tell D that you didn’t want to go to London? And that you didn’t want to go to London because you seriously thought D was expecting you to marry her afterwards?”
Running his hand over his forehead, he exhaled. “Could be,” he said, “I know it sounds absolutely stupid today, but, yeah, in a nutshell, that’s probably what it was. It’s a bit more complicated, but yeah… And, like I said, a big part of it was timing.” 
Sarah’s eyes narrowed. She didn’t have any doubt that Liz had timed it to perfection.
“This is sick, you know!” She leaned across the table, forcing him to look at her. “I can just see it. You go over to Liz’s place because she really, really needs you to help her with whatever it was you helped her with. And you didn’t just go over there once. And while you’re there you two get into talking about the more personal stuff, and she’s the only one in the whole wide world who understands that you’d rather not go to London. And with her you can discuss all the other things that are wrong in your life, including your relationship.” She paused only to catch her breath. “This is absolutely sick!” Angrily she shook her head. “And of course you two get a little closer! How sweet! And then we make sure, D stumbles across how close this has really gotten and – voila! – you’re free as a bird and don’t have to go to London. And then you stupid idiot decide to run away with Liz to cast the mess in concrete. Just idiotic! But no, sorry, you said you actually were in love with her, didn’t you?”
Joe drew in an irritated breath. “I don’t think I did say that, no, but yeah, I guess I wouldn’t have left with her if I hadn’t at least thought I was in love with her. I’m not that stupid.”
Sarah nodded, biting her tongue so she wouldn’t say anything that would really piss him off.
“Let’s blame it on the timing then!” she said with sarcastic generosity. “The timing and Dad and D for being oh-so-pushy and – oh, I almost forgot – probably some incredible sex on the side. Right? I mean, you didn’t explicitly mention it, but judging from the woman involved, I assume sex played a role as well, didn’t it? I do have enough imagination to picture what Liz can do for you in that department! And that’s when you guys just absolutely lose it!”
The look Joe was giving her now, his jawline really hard, made her realize that she was about to go too far. She better drop the subject. Not just because it was clearly overstepping the line, but also because she was uncomfortable with the topic herself. Maybe even more so than he was. She better not make him really angry by pushing the sex-theory, because he might retaliate by throwing some graphic, hard-to-digest details at her. So, yes, she better let this go.
But that didn’t mean she was done with him!
“Man, now I finally know why you didn’t lose any time before you cancelled the London thing.” She shook her head. Even now thinking back to those days made her cringe. 
“Liz must have had you spun around her finger so well! Grrr! And at the same time I – stupid me – I was trying to talk some sense into D. Ha! I was so convinced that it could only be a horrible misunderstanding. You and Liz? No way!? No, my brother couldn’t be that dumb! Little did I know, huh?”
One look at Joe showed her that she was again (or still?) operating very close to the limit. His face was hard and it seemed to contain a clear warning: he wasn’t going to listen to this all morning. But certain things needed to be said while there was a chance.
“I will never forget,” Sarah said, trying hard to keep her voice down, “when Jack called me that night… – I was staying with grandma because she was sick and Mom and Dad were on a trip or something, remember? I should have let you play Granny’s nurse that evening. Then you couldn’t have screwed up like that!”
“Jack called you?” Joe suddenly seemed confused.
Sarah nodded with an angry look at him. “Yeah, Jack called me,” she said flatly. “And he told me what had happened. And at first–” She let out a shrill little laugh. “At first I didn’t get it! Stupid, huh? Jack had tried to reach D, but she just wouldn’t pick up. And he was worried. So he called me, and I called her, and I couldn’t reach her either. Well, sometime during the night she called me back, though.” Sarah kept an eye on Joe just to make sure she wasn’t going too far. He had a defensive look on his face now, but it seemed as if he had decided that he would just sit through her listing his sins and get it over with.
“For D it was already over at that point,” Sarah told him, “I know that. She was ready to drop you right there. And she should have! But I told her, ‘No, you can’t do that. You need to at least talk to him!’ Stupid, stupid me! I think D had the much better judgment there.”
The defiance was fading from Joe’s expression, giving way to something between fatigue and frustration.
“I talked her into giving you a chance to explain…” Sarah let out a bitter little laugh. “I could still kick myself for that. I wish she hadn’t listened to me. But she did. And she calls you the next morning and then Liz picks up your phone and tells her ‘Oh, he’s in the shower.’ ”
Suddenly Joe’s face seemed to freeze.
“What???” He looked totally perplexed. “When was that?”
“The morning after that freaking party,” Sarah said, a little confused by his reaction.
“She called on my mobile? I mean – Danny? And I was in the shower? Liz’s shower???”
Sarah shrugged. “Where else?”
Joe still looked baffled. “I was at home that morning,” he said. “I definitely was at home. By myself. And I tried to call Danny from Mom and Dad’s landline because I couldn’t find my phone.” 
Suddenly he turned pale and looked like he had just had a very scary vision. “Crap…”
His gaze had dropped to his plate and Sarah could see him swallow hard. Then he just sat there, obviously trying to catch up with whatever was going through his mind. 
“For your information,” he finally said with a defiant look at her, “I did not go home with Liz after that party. I may have done some really stupid things that night, but that would have been just sick! I actually went to the dorm, but she didn’t answer the door or she wasn’t even there, I don’t know. And I didn’t cancel London until weeks later when… – well, Danny wasn’t talking to me anyway.” He fell silent and leaned back in his seat, briefly closing his eyes.
“Well, thanks to your cancelling, Pete got to go instead,” Sarah stated. “And we know what that lead to…”
Ignoring her comment and somehow still lost in his own thoughts, Joe shook his head.
“Shit, I really didn’t know about the shower thing,” he said. “Liz must have had my phone.”
With an increasingly hollow feeling in her stomach (despite all the pancakes), Sarah watched him. He had turned to the window again. 
“The shower thing is not the main point, Joe,” she said, a little more softly now. “You screwed up way before that.”
He huffed out some air through his nose. “I know that,” he said and shook his head. “Shit, I just can’t believe she did that.”
“Well, I’m afraid she did,” Sarah said. “Because, if you were really not there – in her shower –  it means that she didn’t only have your phone, but she also picked it up when D called and she lied to her. She’s even worse than I thought! And I really didn’t have a high opinion of her to begin with.”
“Yeah great.” Joe shot her an irritated look. “We already know that, thank you! And, you’ll be happy to know – you were so right!”
“I wish I wasn’t,” Sarah said. “And I mean it…”
“Yeah, great.”
“Joe, really…” Sarah reached out and touched his arm. “And brooding over the shower thing now is like… – I don’t know…” She was scrambling for a comparison that would make him feel at least a little better (and herself as well). “It’s like worrying that you accidently stepped on the broken pieces of a vase that you had personally flung against the wall full force ten seconds earlier. The shower thing was bad, yeah, but in the overall-context, I don’t think it made that much of a difference. Just made me and D look like idiots.”
His eyes on his coffee cup, he nodded, but he didn’t look convinced at all.
 “Come on now,” Sarah said, struggling for an encouraging tone. “Stop thinking about it, okay? I’m sorry I even brought it up. I didn’t know that you didn’t know… Just take it as a sign that you definitely did the right thing. Three years too late, but right nevertheless”
Joe rubbed his left temple, still looking withdrawn. “I didn’t exactly need this to know that I did the right thing,” he mumbled, “but well…” 
Finally his eyes trailed up to her again and he straightening up in his seat. 
The next time the waiter peeked around the corner, Joe waved him over and paid for their breakfasts.
Parking Lot Reflections
In the café’s parking lot, Joe told Sarah that he needed to go by an electronics store on the way home to buy a charger for his phone.
That was only half the truth, of course. Even though he hadn’t brought his charger, he still had the one for the car. And with his phone currently being turned off most of the time anyway, there wasn’t exactly an urgent need to charge it.
His main reason for this little detour was that he needed some time to think. Alone. Because the shower story that Sarah had just sprung on him at the café had pushed him considerably off balance.
Driving down the Autobahn now, he tried to remember the details about his lost phone three years ago. He had never given it much attention – so far. It had been gone and then it had reappeared three days later. No big deal.
Now that he really thought about it, though, he remembered that the phone hadn’t just suddenly turned up in his room or a jacket pocket or some place you would expect it to. It had actually been Liz who had pulled it out from under the seat of his car. With some comment like, “Hey, there’s a phone. Is that yours?” 
He remembered it clearly now. He had just assumed that the phone must have been lying under that seat for the three days it had been missing. Even at the time he had been a little surprised though, because he could have sworn that he had searched the car relatively thoroughly. But with all hell having broken lose after the party, he hadn’t been entirely sure and there had been no reason to be suspicious.
Finding out now that Liz had had that phone (and what she had obviously done with it), was something that would take a while to digest. In fact, each time he thought about it, it sent a hot wave of fury through his head. 
His left hand cramped around the steering wheel, he tried to calm down by repeating to himself what Sarah had told him: that, in the overall-context, his having gone home or not having gone home with Liz after that party really didn’t make much of a difference. 
He wished he could actually believe that, though!
At the parking lot outside the electronics store, he pulled into the next-best spot, turned off the engine and just sat in the car for a while, staring into space.
If someone had told him three years ago about the shower thing, he would have undoubtedly called them an evil liar. Now, after his eye-opening time with Liz, he had no difficulty at all believing it. It was just so like her. He had just been too naive and too blind to see it then. Sarah was quite right about that.
He pressed the fingertips of his left hand against the bridge of his nose as if that would help stop his mind from spinning dizzyingly around the issue of Liz having the phone.
The shower thing was bad enough, but it inevitably lead to another issue: The question of when Liz had actually first started doing things with his phone.
He had always kind of wondered why Danny had just showed up at that party without any previous notice like a text message or a call. She had been supposed to be out of town for a three-day seminar. 
Now, with the shower information, he was seriously wondering if maybe Liz had tempered with the phone even earlier. The day of the party, to be precise. He had spent the night with her. First time. And that morning she would have had access to his phone while – in contrast to the day after the party – he had actually been in her shower.
It had always seemed a bit strange that Danny had not let him know that she’d come to the party after all. Knowing what he knew now about how far Liz had been willing to go, it suddenly seemed possible that Danny had sent a message – or called that morning, and that Liz had deleted the traces or even sent messages back in his name, suggesting that they meet at the party or even in the basement. Anything seemed possible…
Of course, if something like that had happened, he had only himself to blame. He had been at Liz’s flat several times during the month leading up to the party. Only the first three times had really been purely to help her with her computer troubles. 
She had kissed him when he had been about to leave after the third visit. He had been shocked at first, but already on his way home he had come to the conclusion that this was actually a cool twist.
The next time he had gone over there, he had officially wanted to finish something. That’s when Liz had told him that she was in love with him. She had made it very clear that she didn’t care that he had a girlfriend whom she even knew personally.
He had been confused but also flattered, and – unfortunately – very tempted to just stay there. He had liked her and she (Sarah was right about that) had somehow made him feel like she understood him. Not regarding his Dad – because that was something he had only ever discussed with Danny. He had talked to Liz about London, though. He had dropped a frustrated comment about it sometime, and Liz had immediately picked up on it. And she had pushed the topic further and further and made him feel like she could totally see his point. She had seemed to understand his reservations regarding the exchange year, and she had seen how he might feel trapped with Danny. From today’s point of view he was seriously wondering, though, if maybe he had only started to feel trapped after Liz had suggested that he was. And she had suggested it. He clearly remembered that. More than once. 
All this was no excuse for anything, of course! He had been a complete idiot. Part of it (Sarah had guessed correctly) was that Liz had had something that – at the time – had really turned him on. And she had done her very best to play that card.
That evening, when she had talked about being in love with him, he had still had the brains to leave before things could go too far. Not that they hadn’t already gone much further than was advisable, especially with that steamy kiss in the hallway. He remembered Liz holding on to his arm after that kiss, a pouting look on her face, asking what was holding him back, when in reality he wanted to get out of that relationship and the London thing anyway. She had tried to convince him that he had no obligations whatsoever towards Danny and that there would be absolutely nothing wrong with his staying. Still, he had somehow managed to leave.
After that, he had kept out of Liz’s way for a while. He hadn’t felt really comfortable with the effect she seemed to have on him, particularly on his good judgment.
Then there had been a few fights with his Dad, and at the same time things weren’t going well with Danny either. She was bugging him about some stuff he still needed to do for the London application. He had been dragging his feet for weeks on that. She had insisted that if he had some kind of a problem, he tell her. They had been at her dorm and she had been angry. And he had denied that there was any problem. Ha! He had told her that everything was just fine and that she was seeing ghosts. She hadn’t bought it, though. And she had said that he should probably go home and sleep there that night because they might both needed some room to think. The next day she had left for her three-day seminar.
That had been two days before the party. He had had some classes the next day, early in the morning, and he had run into Liz on his way to the university. 
Today he wondered if this encounter had been a pure coincidence or if Liz had maybe been waiting for him behind some shrubbery and just jumped out in the right moment. He couldn’t rule it out. At this point there was absolutely nothing he would rule out.
Anyway, there she had been, purring like a cat, batting her eyes and persuaded him to meet her later for dinner. 
Over the course of that dinner he had had way more to drink than he should have. Right in the middle of the dinner he had received a message from Danny saying that he needed to contact the office that organized the London thing. She had written that, according to an e-mail she had received, there was some serious problem with something in his application and if he didn’t straighten things out the next morning, they might not be able to stay in the same dorm or his whole exchange year might fall through altogether.
He remembered hearing the text message come in just as the dinner had been served.  He had fished out his phone and Liz had leaned over and read the message with him. She had put her chin on his shoulder and run her fingers along his collar, whispering something like, Oh my, she’s sooo pushy! He had turned to her, not quite comfortable with that statement and the situation as such and already a bit under the influence of too much wine, and Liz had given him this seductive smile and kissed him on the mouth right there in front of the waiter who had been deboning her fish for her.
He had been irritated with Danny and himself, he had been drunk, and Liz had been there, playing the understanding friend who was just dying to be more than just a friend… She had been coming on to him strong that evening. The kiss before the main course having been a relatively harmless introduction of what still was in store.
Thinking about it now, literally made him cringe. Man, he had been so stupid! It would have taken an absolutely clear head and a lot of strength and determination to keep this evening from ending in Liz’s bed. He had had neither. That couldn’t be an excuse, of course, but it was an explanation. 
He had gone home with her.
The bits and pieces he remembered about that night, made him grind his teeth now. It had been an absolutely wild night. He had woken up a little shaken, hung-over and with just enough time left to have a quick shower before he needed to be at a class he absolutely couldn’t miss. 
On his way out, Liz had been hanging around his neck, giving him one of the most demanding kisses he had ever gotten to that point.
He remembered sitting in his class half an hour later, not sure what had hit him and wondering if he even ever wanted to get close to Liz again. But while part of him had been freaked out, another (bigger) part of him had felt thrilled, fascinated and elated. 
He should have felt guilty. Or he should have at least been thinking about a fair breakup with Danny. But everything seemed blocked by his paralyzed brain. And he had just let the crazy wave carry him…
Somewhere in the back of his head he had, of course, known that he was heading for a big crash. But maybe that’s what he had wanted. Who knew? Maybe that had, even if just subconsciously, been the driving force behind it all. He really couldn’t say anymore.
In a way he had maybe let the Liz thing get so far out of hand that Danny would have to find out eventually and (as Sarah suspected) he’d be free. Not that he had planned it or consciously wanted it, but he had let it happen.
That night he had gone to Jack’s party. By himself. 
He had actually not even been in a party mood. He had mainly gone because it had been Jack’s birthday, and with both Sarah and Danny not being able to come, he had felt that at least he should be there. Looking back on it now, he should have told Sarah to attend instead of him, and he should have stayed with Grandma. Could have, should have, would have...
About half an hour into the party, Jack had asked him to get some drinks from the big fridge in the basement. So he had gone downstairs.
And then, just as he had been about to leave the room with the fridge and the big freezer, there had been Liz.
She had been standing in the doorway in that red, shoulder-strap dress.
First, he had been baffled. He hadn’t expected (or even wanted) her to be there. He had been pretty sure that Jack hadn’t invited her, and he himself had (for safety-reasons) avoided telling her about his plans for the evening.
Eye to eye with her now, he had figured that she was downstairs to get drinks as well and that they would just have to try and get through the evening pretending that they hadn’t seen each other for weeks. 
“I’ve locked the door upstairs, just in case…” Liz had told him with a smile and in a tone that didn’t leave much room for interpretation. That’s when it had dawned on him that she was not down here for drinks…
Unfortunately he remembered it much more clearly now than he wanted: the music from upstairs; Liz taking the bottles he was still holding and setting them on the shelf next to herself; Liz slipping the straps of her dress off her shoulders and letting the top fall down to her waist; Liz assuring him in a whispering voice that she had skipped the underwear for this evening, since it had kind of been in the way the previous night…
He recalled that he hadn’t been all that thrilled with the whole thing. Especially the location had seemed very wrong. Having sex in adventurous places might be a nice thing for books and movies, but messing around in Jack’s parents’ basement – especially with anyone that wasn’t his girlfriend…
He had put up some sort of (maybe not very decisive) resistance, basically suggesting that they at least wait until they were back at her place. But Liz had had her way of convincing him that here and now was just fine…
A set-up? Maybe. 
Perfect timing? Definitely! 
She had slung her arms around his neck and whispered something about how that song, which was audible from upstairs, was exactly how she felt about him. It was Bryan Adams’ Run to you.
Then she had started kissing him while pulling his shirt out of his pants. One of her hands had started unbuttoning his jeans, applying a disarming kind of pressure, making sure he knew exactly where this was going, in case he still had any doubts – which, really, he didn’t have.
And he had gone along with it. Not with the greatest enthusiasm maybe, but with way more cooperation than he should have. She had pulled herself up onto the freezer, so she could sit on it and wrap her legs around his waist.
Well and then, halfway through the song, the music had suddenly gotten louder. At first he had been so preoccupied with Liz that he hadn’t even noticed it. And when it had finally dawned on him that someone upstairs must have opened the (obviously unlocked) door to the basement, and was coming down the stairs, it had already been too late. He had pulled away from Liz’s embrace and turned around towards the stairway. And there had been Danny. Standing there – frozen, startled, staring. 
The music had kept on playing. Run to you by Brian Adams…
It had been almost surreal. Not at all like in a film, though, where the betrayed girlfriend bursts into tears and runs off, while he hastily pulls his pants up, so he can run after her and assure her that it’s not at all what it looks like… 
First of all, his pants hadn’t been down yet, but it had been close enough. And Danny hadn’t run off. And there hadn’t been any tears either. She had just stood there – at the top of the stairs – and looked at them, like a scientist studying a virus that she has just discovered and finds extremely horrifying and fascinating at the same time. 
Then, even though she must have had a sufficiently good view from where she was standing, she had come down the stairs two more steps as if to have a closer look. 
After another moment of glaring at them, she had dismissively shaken her head and said something like, ‘Wow. So, that’s what you want, huh?’ 
And then she had turned around and walked up the stairs in no particular hurry. 
He could have caught up with her easily if he hadn’t been so dumb-struck.
Upstairs she had switched off the basement light, slammed the door shut as hard as she could and locked the door from the outside. Then she had pulled out the key and walked away.
He hadn’t seen her again or even gotten a chance to talk to her until two and a half years later at his Dad’s funeral – where she had showed up hand in hand with Pete.
Liz and he had been freed from the basement a few minutes later by Jack. He had never dared to ask how Jack had ended up with the key, and how he had known or been informed which door to unlock with it. Joe could kind of picture it, but he had never actually had the guts to ask Jack for confirmation. 
He just remembered standing there, in the total darkness of the basement, and hearing the door being locked upstairs. He had felt like someone had kicked him in the stomach. In a state of utter shock. Liz’s giggling had brought him back to life. Even then he had been unable to figure out what she found so incredibly funny. He had told her to get dressed, for God’s sake, and shut up. 
He had buttoned up his jeans again and tucked his shirt back in.
He hadn’t been able to see if Liz was actually pulling up her dress because it had been pitch dark, but at least – at some point – she had stopped giggling and he had heard her slide off that freezer.
He had just left her standing there and, like in a haze, he had tapped towards the stairway in the dark. He had made it up the stairs about halfway when he had heard the key being turned. For one crazy moment he had actually thought it could be Danny. But then he had found himself eye to eye with Jack.
Jack had switched on the light and, after a confused look at him, had shot a glance down the stairs. Joe still remembered Jack’s expression freezing as he had spotted Liz, who – unfortunately – had still been fumbling with the shoulder straps of her dress – and giggling again. 
“Crap, Joe…” Jack had shaken his head with that look that said it all. “I just can’t believe this!” And then he had turned around and walked off.
From what Joe knew now, Jack must have tried to call Danny right afterwards. A reasonable reaction after Jack had discovered the disturbing thing she had locked up in the basement. When she hadn’t picked up her phone, Jack had ended up calling Sarah.
Joe remembered Jack and himself avoiding each other for weeks after that. The same with Sarah. She had tried to yell at him once or twice right after it had happened, but he had just walked out on her and slammed the door shut behind him. And as a result she had shunned him for a while and he had been perfectly happy about that. (Little did he know that hearing Sarah out might have yielded some very valuable information regarding not only the whereabouts of his lost phone but also the fact that some pretty nasty stuff was being done with the help of that phone.)
He had always thought that Danny had just stopped talking to him after the party. All attempts he had made to talk to her had failed. He had gone over to the dorm right after the party, but she hadn’t opened or just not been there. He had tried to call her the next day and the day after, but she hadn’t picked up, or probably just pressed reject-call instead. 
He had also gone to the dorm again two days later, but again, she had either really not been home or pretended not to be. 
Sitting in his car now, Joe released a long breath. The more he thought about all this, the more he realized that the enlightening breakfast talk with Sarah had opened up an entirely new (but disturbing) perspective on the days after that party. Obviously D had tried to call him! And Liz had told her that he was in her shower….
Growling to himself, Joe balled his left hand to a fist.
After the party he had had no intention of seeing Liz again anytime soon (if ever). But then she had somehow tracked him down three days after the party, just as he had been getting into his car outside the university. She had jumped into the passenger seat and delivered a heart wrenching performance of how madly in love with him she was, and that she knew how bad it looked, but that she was convinced they were just made for each other and he shouldn’t throw it all away…
He had told her he needed time. Because at that point he didn’t know anything anymore. He had just wanted to hide somewhere and be alone. 
He remembered driving Liz home, though – since it had been pouring rain. And when she had gotten out of the car, she had miraculously pulled his phone out from under the seat. Until then he had assumed that he had lost his phone in Jack’s basement and he had dreaded contacting Jack about it.
A few days later he had given up trying to get in touch with Danny. He had packed some stuff and taken off to spend some time in his aunt’s cabin – an excellent place to hide from the world and everyone. He had stayed there for almost two weeks.
When he had returned to civilization, he had heard that Danny had prematurely moved out of the dorm to stay with her parents in Salzburg until it was time to go to London. 
He had made one more attempt to contact her: he had called her brother. Robert had been nice enough, given the circumstances, but Danny had refused to talk to him. 
Somewhere around that time he had cancelled the London thing. Even if he had still wanted to go he doubted that they would have still let him. Not with all the things he had failed to fill out and forward to the office, and with the funds that he hadn’t transferred for the advance payment on the dorm room.
He had started keeping more to himself. Part of it had been that everything with his friends reminded him way too much of Danny – which had been somewhat painful (even though he wouldn’t have admitted it then). 
Jack had very slowly gotten back to talking to him again, with both of them carefully avoiding the topic. The other friends had behaved a little cautiously, but otherwise normally. All they seemed to know about the issue was that there had been a break-up, and as his friends they acted accordingly – by tactfully not asking about it.
As for Sarah, she had not gone back to normal routine. Far from it! Even after she had finally accepted that he wasn’t going to listen to her shouting at him, being around her had been a real pain. She had somehow decided that if she couldn’t yell at him, she would at least be his constant silent reminder of what a jerk she thought he was. She kept shooting him those looks or scoffed and growled at everything he did or said. And then there was still Dad, of course, who made life at home additionally unpleasant… 
Joe remembered having hooked up with Liz again maybe six weeks after the party. She had tried to contact him several times over the previous weeks, but he had ignored it and she had eventually given up. 
She had been surprised when he had called her out of the blue and asked her out. It had been either that or killing his Dad or Sarah (or taking the next plane to London and making a fool of himself)…
Seeing Liz again had felt good and comforting. Maybe because she had been the only person around him that didn’t make him feel as if he was an incredible idiot. From today’s point of view, he would have to say that she had played her part really well. She had managed to appear to be exactly what he thought he needed at that time. And he had bought it – happily. For a while he had really thought he was in love with her. No denying it.
A few weeks later – it must have been the middle of November – Liz had suddenly told him that she was moving back to Munich where she was originally from. Her brother had just moved into a small house with his girlfriend and Liz was going to take over the rental contract of the flat her brother had just moved out of.
She had been raving about that flat, and she had pointed out that there would easily be enough space for two… So, if he wanted to get away… She had actually really pushed for him to come with her. And he, more or less head over heels, had done just that.
The first few months of living together had actually been great and fun and liberating. (A bit like when he had lived with Peer and the guys in Vienna, just with a little more going on in the bedroom…)
Looking back, there had been some occurrences with Liz even then that, in hindsight, had been clear indicators of problems to come. But he had been a bit distracted. Not only with the bedroom activities, but also with preparations for his last two exams and with the bold idea of starting an IT company with Steve. 
Maybe, without all that distraction, he would have noticed much earlier that his relationship with Liz was heading for disaster. But he hadn’t paid enough attention. Especially once the company idea had started taking shape. He had been so into it and it had been so much fun and so exciting…
And even later, when it had been hard to miss anymore that Liz and he were just one big mess anymore, he had still not wanted to admit it – not even to himself.
Staring at the people walking in and out of the electronics store, Joe drew in a deep breath.
What was he doing, brooding over all of this? Stuff that he couldn’t change anymore…
He gave himself a push and finally got out of the car.
My Dish, Your Sweater…
When Joe got back to the house, Sarah was sitting at the kitchen table, flipping through some advertisements that had come in the mail.
She looked up as he walked in from the hallway, the bag from the electronics store and his sweater in one hand and the glass dish in the other.
First she squinted, but then her eyes widened. 
Was that her tiramisu dish? Had he just brought that in from the car? It was empty and it was clean… 
She straightened up in her chair.
“Where is that coming from?” It sounded dangerous.
Joe stopped in his tracks, suddenly realizing that it had been a mistake to bring the dish in now.
“Don’t tell me you took that with you last night!?!” Sarah just couldn’t believe it.
“Well, you told me I should finish it,” Joe said a little stubbornly. “It’s gone now.”
One look at Sarah told him that this had definitely not been a smart thing to say. But he had simply not been able to help it.
With an icy face Sarah got up, snatched the dish from him, put it into the cabinet under the stove where it belonged and slammed the cabinet door shut.
“Are you crazy or what?” she hissed. Sure, she had told him to eat it. But that was meant to comfort him over an evening at home all by himself. Instead he had taken her dessert along with him as he spent the second night in a row with Sun or whoever. Just unbelievable! And he obviously didn’t even think there was anything wrong with it!
With gritted teeth Sarah leaned against the kitchen counter behind her. She reached for her car keys that were lying on the countertop and started playing with them.
Click click click.
She didn’t let her brother out of her sight.
With some bewilderment, Joe looked back at her, glad that she had chosen to play with her keys instead of one of the knives from the knife block behind her.
For a while they just stared at each other, Sarah giving him a dark disapproving look, Joe countering it with a raised-eyebrow what-do-you-want-from-me-now? glare.
He would have loved to just go up to his room right now and evade the predictable thunderstorm. He really wasn’t in the mood for any more than he had already had for breakfast. But then again, he didn’t want to make her even angrier than she already was. Especially since they still had to survive a two-hour drive to the hotel together. And really, in comparison to Liz’s tantrums, Sarah’s outbursts, even the really bad ones, were something he should be able to deal with relatively easily.
“I can’t believe this!” Sarah hissed, introducing the second round.
With an exasperated sigh, Joe laid the small bag and his sweater on the chair in front of him. He placed his hands on the back of that chair and leaned forward on his outstretched arms. 
“What exactly is your problem, Sarah?” He gave her a challenging look. He knew exactly what her problem was, but he was just dying to hear how she would phrase it. He imagined it could get a little tricky for a smart person like her to admit that she was just plain jealous.
Click click click. Sarah was still angrily playing with her keys.
“So? Is this really about the tiramisu now?” he pressed.
“No, it’s not just about that,” she snapped. “Or yes, in a way…” She was obviously getting a little confused herself. That made her even angrier, of course. 
“That tiramisu…” she said through clenched teeth, “I made that for when you came, and it’s personal and you just take it to some…”
“Huh?” He theatrically let his jaw drop and blinked at her. “It’s personal???” He had to keep himself from laughing. “Sorry Sarah, that tiramisu was really good, it really was… but you make it sound like I took your very secret diary with me and recited it to my date during some wild sex scene.”
Sarah swallowed. She pointed her finger at him with a warning look. “I do not want to hear that,” she croaked. “I mean, what you do – the sex part… It’s like imagining my Teddy bear in bed with Barbie. Just sick!”
“Yeah, that’s very sick!” he agreed, really laughing now. 
When he saw her furious face, he fell silent.
Tense silence.
Then Sarah cleared her throat. “You just told me half an hour ago…” the suppressed anger was clearly audible as she slowly spelled out her words, “…that you left Liz not even a week ago. That’s very good news as far as I’m concerned. Congratulations! But it is kind of surprising to me that instead of taking some time to – how should I say – reflect on your past mistakes and learn from them,  it takes you exactly two days and you start some new adventure…”
“A new adventure?” He looked slightly amused. “With your tiramisu?”
Sarah sucked in an angry breath. “Well, I assume you didn’t sleep in the park the last two nights?” she snapped.
“Which park would you recommend?” He grinned. “No, I didn’t sleep in the park and eat your tiramisu all by myself.” He couldn’t help pushing it a little.
Sarah stopped jingling her keys and clenched her fist around them.
Joe watched her, wondering how long she could keep doing that without hurting her hand.
“I guess I just don’t understand you,” she growled and relaxed her hand around the keys again.
“Well, I’m sorry!” he scoffed. “I didn’t know you had a curfew here and some kind of moral code that I’d have to stick to.”
Sarah gasped. “Great, now I’m the…” She broke off and threw her hands out. “No, I don’t have a moral code. But some common sense wouldn’t hurt!” She dismissively shook her head. “But just do what you want!”
Joe rolled his eyes. This was kind of absurd.
Sarah slammed her keys back onto the counter and brushed a strand of hair from her forehead. She was well aware that her lashing out like this about the tiramisu dish had been silly. What really bothered her, of course, was that he seemed to fall from the arms of one tramp into the bed of the next one. Why did men have to be such idiots? Couldn’t at least her brother be an exception? Well, she should know by now that he wasn’t!
But it was just idiotic to let this bother her so much. It wasn’t really her business, she knew that. Amazingly enough, he hadn’t even pointed that out to her yet. It actually seemed as if he had a considerable amount of patience nowadays. Very unexpected. The brother she remembered would have never stuck around for an argument like this. He would have long ago kicked a chair and/or stormed out slamming the door. Not today. He didn’t even seem to take it all too seriously. Maybe she should just be happy about that.  
“I’m sorry,” she finally said reluctantly, while pulling out a chair and plopping down on it. “I guess I just can’t help it.”
Joe nodded. “I know, but you’ll have to get a grip on that, okay? Because I’m not going to have this discussion with you now every time I come home later than you think is morally justifiable. It’s my life and I make the decisions, even if they are idiotic sometimes.” He paused for a moment and gave her a crooked smile. “And if you can’t deal with my horrific life-style, you have to tell me. Because then I’ll just have to move to the park…”
Sarah felt a smile sneaking onto her face. “No. I do not want you to move to the park!” she said. “This is your house too. And I know I shouldn’t get so upset about this kind of thing. Part of it is that I’m worried… and a little jealous, I guess.”
“I know. And that’s fine. Hits us all sometimes, I guess. But maybe you could keep it under control a little better? I did with Andy…”
“You were jealous of Andy?”
“Maybe not jealous, just – I don’t know. It kind of annoyed me when he moved in. But I didn’t let it out…”
“Maybe you shouldn’t have,” she said, “and maybe I should have bugged you more about Liz…” 
“Yeah, maybe.” He considered it for a moment. “I don’t think that would have helped much, though. For either of us.”
Sarah shrugged. “Guess not.” She scratched her head, looking at him a little undecidedly. “Can I ask you something, though?”
“Sure…”
“Is it Sun?” She tried to sound like an understanding sister. “I mean, in a way I can see that you might need some… distraction.”
Joe grimaced. “Man, Sarah. Not you as well… I’ve already heard this exact same question earlier today! Let me think - where was that?” Pressing his index finger to his lips, he pretended to ponder the question. Then, an enlightened smile spreading across his face, he raised his hand. “Ah, right. It was Jack! Yesterday. Right after he talked to you on the phone.” He raised his eyebrows. “Could there be a connection? Has Jack not called you back yet and told you what I told him?”
Sarah shook her head, realizing that now she would just have to deal with the consequences of her stupid question.
“Nooo, Sarah,” Joe said, his tone still slightly mocking, “it’s not Sun. Can you please stop investigating now! I really don’t want to talk about this anymore! Okay!?!”
“I can’t live with not knowing what happened to my tiramisu, though…” she said and batted her eyes at him.
“Poor Sarah,” Joe laughed. “I’m afraid you’ll just have to live with it.”
“But if it’s not Sun…” she contemplated.
“If it’s not Sun then someone else ate your tiramisu,” he interrupted. “Deal with it!” He took his hands off the back of the chair and straightened up. “When do you want to leave?”
Sarah shrugged. “I just need to pack some stuff,” she said. “Won’t take me more than half an hour.”
He looked at his watch. “I still need to check my work e-mails, I need to pack, and I should probably shave.” He rubbed his chin. “Let’s leave around three. Takes two hours, right?”
Sarah nodded. “Something like that, yeah. You’re driving your car, right?
“Yep.” He grabbed the bag and his sweater from the chair in front of him. “I’ll go upstairs…” 
Sarah watched him turn around and head towards the hallway. Suddenly something about him caught her eye.
“That is your sweater?” she burst out incredulously.
Totally taken aback by her outburst, Joe came to a halt and turned around to the table again. Had she lost it now, just when he had thought she had come to her senses again? 
“What is it with my sweater?” He leaned against the doorframe.
Sarah still looked at the sweater as if it were a piece of evidence from a murder scene and he was the main suspect.
“Do I need to call a doctor?” Joe mocked.
Still looking as if she’d seen a ghost she slowly shook her head. “I fished that sweater out from under D’s sofa yesterday…” 
Joe suddenly felt as if someone had dumped a bucket of ice-cold water over his head. Holy shit!
When he now saw Sarah give him that look, he knew she was done adding two and two together. And she had probably also double-checked the result and made sure that there was no other possible interpretation.
He bit down on his lip. No use denying it now. Because, as much as he wanted to find one, there was no other plausible explanation!
“Great, Sherlock Holmes,” he said dryly, “I guess you just solved the mystery then.”
Sarah’s eyes widened.
“You were with D?” Her tone reflected utter disbelief.
A stubborn look on his face, Joe shrugged.
Sarah hit her forehead with her flat hand. “How the hell did that happen?” From the way it sounded, it was clearly an accusation and not a question.
Instead of an answer, Joe just held her angry gaze, his good hand rubbing his chin and his mind still racing. This was the worst imaginable coincidence! Why had Sarah not given the sweater to Danny after she had found it? Then, at least, he would have been warned not to wear it or wave it around in front of Sarah’s nose anytime soon. But since it had, for some stupid reason, wound up on the floor again, there was no way he could have known.
“JOSEPH!?!” Sarah shouted angrily.
“What?!?” he shot back. “What the hell do you want me to say?”
“I want to know…” Sarah spoke very slowly through clenched teeth now. “I want to know if you were at D’s the last two nights!”
Joe exhaled with audible frustration. “Yeah, I was there. Content?”
Sarah still looked puzzled. “You slept there???”
From the way she looked at him, her brain was currently scanning through all the imaginable scenarios. Joe could just see it. And he knew she had a vivid imagination. He decided to stop that thinking machine before it could come to the wrong conclusions.
“On the sofa…” he took a step into the kitchen again and snapped his fingers in her direction. “I slept on the sofa, Sarah. Okay!? Both nights. I did not…”
Looking very troubled, Sarah raised a hand to make him stop.
He shrugged. “Okay. Then I guess I won’t tell you what your Teddy bear and Barbie didn’t do.” 
“Don’t call D Barbie!” Sarah snapped angrily. 
Joe huffed out a dismissive breath.
Sarah shook her head. “I just can’t believe you did that!”
“Did what?” Joe blasted. “Share your tiramisu with her?”
“No, you idiot,” Sarah retorted. “You know exactly what I mean!”
“Not exactly, no!” He gave her a challenging look.
Scrambling for words, Sarah glared back at him. 
“Well, Sarah,” he said just as she was opening her mouth to say something, “as shocking as it might come to you, I didn’t exactly use a gun to get into her flat!”
“No, just my tiramisu! But that was already the second night anyway, right?”
Instead of an answer, Joe scoffed and dropped his gaze to the floor. The very last thing he needed right now was Sarah pointing out to him that his activities during the previous two nights were indeed a little questionable. He knew that perfectly well himself.
“Now I almost wished it was Sun…” Sarah interrupted his thoughts. “Or at least someone I don’t know!”
He let out a dark laugh. “So sorry, Sarah,” he scathed. “If I had known that before, I would have considered your preferences… So sorry!” He took a step away from the table again and turned around to head upstairs.
“Yeah, just go upstairs,” Sarah muttered.
Joe stopped and turned around again, arms out, palms turned up. “What do you want from me, Sarah?”
At the table, Sarah was gloomily staring at the advertisement the edge of which she had started to roll up between her fingers. Finally she glanced up at him, looking drained.
Joe gave her helpless shrug. “I don’t know myself what to make of it, okay?” he said. “It wasn’t some evil plan I had. It just happened – somehow.”
Sarah slowly nodded. To her own surprise her anger was evaporating.
“So that’s why you’re so cheered up all of a sudden?”
Joe gave her a surprised look. “Oh, am I cheered up?”
“Well, you seem to be in a lot better mood since the grill party than when you arrived.”
He shrugged, crossed his arms over his chest and dropped his gaze.
Sarah leaned back in her chair, her eyes firmly on him now. “If you hurt D, Joe, I’ll kill you,” she said sternly. “I just want you to know that. D even talking to you is mind-boggling as far as I’m concerned. But if you dare to mess with her again, I’m done being your sister. And this time I really mean it.”
“I don’t go around hurting people on purpose, okay?” he told her irritably.
“Well - maybe you don’t,” Sarah said. “But in this particular case you better make absolutely sure, you don’t even hurt her by accident!”
Stone-faced Joe glared at the table.
“I really think I must be dreaming!” Sarah said, with a slightly bewildered laugh, “I mean - two days ago I thought, the worst that could happen to me this weekend, was being caught in the middle when D and you avoid and mock and hate each other. And now this…”
“I know that it’s a shitty constellation,” Joe grumbled.
“Totally shitty!” Sarah agreed. “Especially for me, because I’m sharing a room with her, and it’s going to be super-weird with me pretending not to know about any of this, and D and you acting as if you had nothing going on…”
“We don’t have anything going on, alright?” Joe said sharply. “Besides, for her it’s more of a crazy self-experiment anyway.”
Sarah coughed. “Poor Joe. I wonder why she won’t just serve you her heart on a silver platter…”
“Oh, just cut it out, Sarah!”
Sarah scoffed. “Well, I’m sorry, but did you expect me to cheer you on here?”
He let out a bitter laugh. “Nope! If I had had my way, you wouldn’t even know about this! But since you do, and since you don’t approve, of course, why don’t you just go ahead and have a little talk with Danny. Get it out of your system! Make sure she doesn’t make the same mistake twice. Come on, Sarah, you can do it!”
“Argh!!!” Sarah glared at him angrily. “I just… Grrr… I just hate the situations you get me into!”
Shaking his head, Joe turned around to finally go upstairs.
“I won’t say anything…“ Sarah told him weakly. ”I promise.”
“Whatever…”
Sarah looked after him as he headed out of the kitchen. She actually felt a headache coming on. No wonder – given all the things that had happened this morning. That would make anyone’s head spin.
She got up and took an aspirin with some water and returned to the table with the half full glass. Twisting it between her fingers, she tried to remember what exactly D had said about the party and the ride home. She hadn’t been very specific, that was for sure. And she hadn’t jumped on the topic of Sun having been drunk and possibly behaving inappropriately. In regard to the involuntary drive in Joe’s car, she had said that ‘it would have been too far to walk’, and the question how things had things had gone in general, she had said something like ‘Okay.’ 
Shaking her head to herself, Sarah still couldn’t believe the implications of her discovery: D had let him stay overnight? Twice? The person he had had breakfast with yesterday morning had been D? No wonder he had not wanted to talk about it. And no wonder she had been so vague during lunch.
Reflecting on that lunch some more, Sarah thought of something else. Something slightly troubling: D hadn’t really seemed to want to talk about the London job much anymore.
Calls
A little after one o’clock D was done packing for the weekend and more or less ready to go. 
She had been hyperactive since Joe had left. She had watered the plants, vacuumed the entire place, dusted a bit, cleaned the bathroom, stuffed the curtains for Sarah in an Ikea bag and unloaded the dishwasher. 
The only thing she hadn’t gotten around to doing was ironing the things form the chair in her bedroom. 
With another half hour to kill before she’d have to leave to pick up Jack and Sun, she decided to quickly call Robert back.
The first thing he asked, of course, was what she had been cooking the previous night that couldn’t wait. 
“Oh, just pasta.”  She was pacing around the living room and over to the kitchen like a panther in a cage. “But you called exactly when I needed to strain it. Sorry.” 
“No problem…” He laughed. “So, is there anything else to report about the party on Wednesday?” 
“Not really.”
“Did he really show up?” he asked, “I mean…Joe?”
“Yes, he was there,” D confirmed in as controlled a voice as she could muster. She was glad he couldn’t see her, though. There was a good chance she was blushing. “It was okay.”
“See, I told you,” Robert said. “And the weekend will be okay too. Don’t worry. Keep out of his way and enjoy it.” 
When she hung up, D was feeling hot and edgy. Lying to Robert was something she usually didn’t do. But then again, she hadn’t actually lied to him.
Staring at the phone in her hand she wondered if she should maybe call Pete as well and get it over with for the weekend. Otherwise he’d probably keep calling all weekend. 
She went to sit on the swiveling bar stool Joe had been sitting on last night and pressed call. 
It rang a few times.
“Danielle. Hi…“ He seemed a little distracted. 
Normally he would have started the conversation with a complaint about her not having called him back earlier. Surprisingly he didn’t seem up to it now.
“Bad time?” D asked.
“No, I’m just having lunch at Mom and Dad’s, but it’s not ready yet anyway. Let me just go outside.”
There was a silence during which he obviously went to a place where he could talk freely.
“Mom and Dad say Hi, by the way.” he told her, sounding surprisingly calm and friendly. “How was your party?”
“Good… – Fun.”
“Great. Hey, about that party at work…”
D felt her stomach cramp. “Yes?” It was too late to pull out of this now. She had promised to go. One last time, so…”Next Friday, right?”
“Right.” He nervously cleared his throat. “There’s this… – well, this year it’s a little bigger, because it’s the 25-year anniversary, you know. So… ahm… most of the others are staying overnight because there’ll be fireworks around eleven and a brunch on a boat the next morning.”
“Meaning?” D asked in a somber tone. She wished she didn’t already know exactly what he was trying to say. 
“I kind reserved a room for us too.”
“Are you kidding?” She felt nauseated. She’d expected him to awkwardly ask if there was any chance she’d play along for this. This would have been bad enough. Instead he already had made the reservation!?
“Well, it would really be weird if we left while everyone else… you know. And everything’s paid for by the firm.”
D was squirming on her seat. Had she seriously believed it would be just a painless evening with his colleagues and she would just be there as a friend? 
“Well, I didn’t really put the news out yet that we… you know… aren’t officially together anymore.” He sounded embarrassed. “It’s really nobody’s business.”
D cringed. “Of course, it’s nobody’s business,” she said, struggling to control her anger, “but if that means we’ll have to be hugging and kissing and whatever else you’ve got in mind to keep up appearances, I can’t–”
“Of course not!” Pete interrupted her darkly.
“Well, but we’d have to share a room…”
“Yeah, well…”
“I don’t want that,” she told him as firmly as she could. “I don’t want to stay there overnight.”
“My God, Danielle, don’t be so… I mean…” He broke off for a moment. ”It’s not like we’ve never slept in a bed together. I’ll leave you alone, don’t worry.”
“That’s not the point,” she said through gritted teeth, “I didn’t realize that this was an overnight thing. Otherwise I wouldn’t have said yes.”
“I just found out about it myself,” he claimed. 
Somehow it didn’t sound honest, though. Maybe she was doing him wrong, but in a way she suspected that he had planned this all along. 
“Can’t you do it as a birthday favor?” he asked.
D swallowed. 
Right. His birthday was coming up too. And she had broken his heart. 
“I really don’t want to stay there overnight!” she repeated, but she couldn’t help sounding a bit apologetic. “I’m going to go to the party with you, but you need to come up with some excuse why we – or at least I – have to leave before midnight. I’m sorry! Just tell them I turn into a pumpkin…”
“Okay, thanks a lot!” The way he said it, it sounded like she had just denied him the most harmless, little wish out of pure spite. “I need to go back inside now. Lunch is ready. I’ll call you sometime next week.” 
He hung up.
Her hands shaking, D slipped from the bar stool.
Lakeside Hotel Arrivals
“Man, Sun, you were really drunk Wednesday night,” Jack said as he leaned forward from the back seat. “You may wanna watch it a bit tonight.”
Sun giggled, sounding a little embarrassed. 
“Yeah, I know!” She glanced at him over her shoulder. “You don’t even want to know how I felt the next morning! I hardly remember how I got home.”
“Well, that’s how it goes…” Jack chuckled.
“I do remember that your car crapped out, though,” Sun said as if that were a real achievement. “And when I woke up, I was in Joe’s car and D unbuckled my seat belt and Joe was pulling on my arm. I think he was pretty pissed…” She let out another, slightly embarrassed laugh.
In the front, D felt as if her heart had briefly stopped beating at the mention of her unbuckling Sun’s seat belt. She could only hope that Jack hadn’t fully understood the implication of what Sun had just said. 
A cautiously glance at him through the rearview mirror showed her that those hopes were in vain. He had understood very well what this meant and was now looking at her with a mix of confusion and concern. A look that seemed to say: ‘Don’t tell me he drove Sun home first.’
“Don’t look so concerned,” Sun giggled, misinterpreting his face as concern for her.
“Oh, I’m not!” he said and laughed. Then he turned to look out the side window again. 

They reached the hotel around four-thirty, after driving the last twenty minutes on a narrow, winding road that was built into the mountainside about a hundred meters above the lake. This last part of the drive had been slow but, once they had come out of the trees finally, there had been an absolutely stunning view of the lake and the surrounding mountains, one of which had a snow-covered top. There were two little towns tucked between the foot of the mountain and the lakeside, and their hotel was located right at the lake, on a small peninsula. From up there, the building had actually looked as if it were floating in the water; boats, piers and swimmers around it.

At the hotel D parked the car in the underground garage. They grabbed their luggage and took the elevator up to the lobby. 
Everything was spacious, modern and bright.
At the reception they ran into Gerry and Anja who were just done checking in.
“Some of the others are already outside,” Gerry said and nodded towards the outside seating area that was visible through the sliding glass doors of the lobby. 
Rick, Carey, Tony and Kim, were sitting out there under a big umbrella, some beverages on the table in front of them and all of them immersed in what seemed to be a heated conversation.
“We’ll just go upstairs and drop off our stuff,” Anja said as she stepped aside from the reception, making space for Sun to move up to the desk. “We’ll see you outside in a bit…”
“Sarah and Joe aren’t here yet, huh?” Jack asked her, glancing around.
Both Gerry and Anja shook their heads. 
Jack fished out his phone and checked for messages. 
“Here’s something from Sarah,” he said. “You probably got it too, D. Says they’re running a bit late because of some traffic problems. They should be here in half an hour at the latest, though. That’ll still give them a little while until dinner…”
“They’ll get here in time,” Gerry said confidently and followed his wife to the elevator. “See you later…”
As she waited for the check-in behind Sun and Jack, D let her gaze wander around. Beside the sliding door that led outside she could see the entrance to a big, bright dining hall with a large window front overlooking the lake. This was probably where tonight’s dinner would be. Easy to find. And after dinner, they were supposed to move to some other room to look at the old photos and films that Rick and Jack had put together.

After they had all checked in, they took the elevator upstairs.
Since Sun’s room was on the third floor she got out first, while D and Jack still had three more floors to go up. 
There was no one else on the remaining elevator ride. They were alone and Jack inevitably brought up what had probably been bothering him since it had come up during the car ride over. “I didn’t realize Joe took Sun home first,” Jack said without any introduction.
Feeling his eyes on her, D shrugged awkwardly. “Well, yeah…“ She really didn’t know what else to say.
The elevator had reached the sixth floor and they exited. 
“I’m really sorry about that,” Jack said guiltily and stopped in the hallway. “I know that was the worst replacement ride home I could have gotten you…”
D shrugged again. “Well, it’s not your fault…” she said as reassuringly as she could while wracking her brain how to just kill the topic very swiftly. 
“Yeah, but I didn’t realize he’d…” he broke off and shook his head.
“Don’t worry about it,” D insisted. “He got me home and that’s all that matters, okay? Besides, I’ve survived far worse.”
Jack huffed out a dry laugh, probably remembering the scene she was referring to by ‘far worse’.
“What’s your room number?” D asked, glancing up at the sign that showed direction to the individual rooms.
“643,” Jack read from the folded cardboard card that had come with his key card. “And yours?”
“647.”
They walked down the corridor together to Jack’s room, and then agreed to just meet downstairs in a few minutes. 

Stepping into her room now that was only one door down from Jack’s on the same side of the corridor, D exhaled and briefly closed her eyes. 
She definitely needed to hide in here for a few minutes. 
Hide and recover. 
That conversation she had just had with Jack had left her feeling uncomfortable, tense and hot. Accepting Jack’s apologies under the given circumstances seemed sickeningly dishonest. And she had the bad feeling that this had only been a small taste of how awkward and weird this weekend might still get. 
It would have been wise to coordinate with Joe – even if just roughly – how to act with friends around. 
Of course they hadn’t coordinated anything, though. First of all they would have had to acknowledge that something had actually happened between them and then they may have needed to vaguely analyze the meaning of what had happened. 
She, for her part, was determined to do neither until it absolutely couldn’t be avoided anymore. Just thinking about the last two evenings and nights made her stomach feel very funny and her knees wobbly.
You could probably call it butterflies, but she absolutely wasn’t going to. And she better make sure this tingly feeling didn’t register in her expression in any way. Sarah had a scary talent of detecting anything out of the usual immediately. Not that Sarah would ever think of her brother as a possible cause of a dreamy, absent look, of course. 
Still, if Sarah noticed anything she would start to ask questions. Questions good friends were entitled to ask. Such as: Wow, you look like you’re on cloud 9... Who is it? What do you mean, it’s nothing? Just look at yourself!  
Given Sarah’s strong dislike of Pete, she would be absolutely delighted by any sign that a replacement for Pete might have already been found. She would undoubtedly insist on a full report. Who, where, why, what and since when? D wasn’t prepared to even think about how to answer any of that. She generally didn’t feel like lying to Sarah, just like she normally didn’t lie to Robert, but in this particular case telling the truth was out of the question. 
So, for the moment, the safest thing was to keep a straight face and make sure Sarah didn’t notice anything.

Lost in thought she finally left the room, strolled back to the elevator and pressed the button to call it. 
The dingdong that sounded as the elevator doors opened made her glance up. And she found herself looking right at Sarah – and Joe.
“Oh, you’re here,” she stammered.
Sarah growled, as she pulled her suitcase out into the hallway. 
“We could have been here much earlier,” she grumbled with an angry look over her shoulder at Joe. “But then he tried to get around the traffic jam on the stupidest detour.”
Stepping into the hallway right behind Sarah, his bag over his shoulder, Joe just shook his head and gave D a quick look and a roll of his eyes behind Sarah’s back.
“You better ask for something for your headache, Sarah,” he said and squeezed by behind Sarah. “Because with that mood of yours…” Instead of finishing his sentence he just threw out a hand and headed towards the door to his room.
“I can take care of myself, thank you!” Sarah snapped after him.
“Sure, sure…” he mocked and shook his head.
“Just for your information, though,” he stopped and turned around halfway, “we could have easily made it in time if you had just let me drive my way!” 
He swiped the key card.
“If I had let you do that,” Sarah hissed after him, “we’d probably be lying in a ditch by now…”
“Oh, give me a break, Sarah!” he scoffed as he stepped into the room. “Just take something against that headache, lie down or do whatever helps, and don’t talk to me again until you’re feeling better. I really can’t deal with you when you’re like this…” 
He closed his door.
Still standing beside the elevator that had left again, D and Sarah looked at each other.
“So, you have a headache?” D asked, glad to have a topic that didn’t contain anything she could trip over.
Sarah scowled. “Yeah, I have a headache and I’ve got him. Ask me if there’s a connection!”
D let out a little laugh.
Even with a paralyzing headache, Sarah realized that this was definitely not the reaction she would have gotten three days ago.
If she had as much as mentioned Joe in this way, D would have met it with tense silence and an evasive look – definitely not with a spontaneous laugh! 
Just the fact that D hadn’t turned into Miss Ice Queen as soon as Joe had stepped out of that elevator, spoke volumes.
It was just little things. Sarah wasn’t even sure she would have noticed them without having been tipped off. But she clearly noticed them now.
“I brought my headache drops if you want them,” D offered.
Sarah nodded. “Yeah, the drops would be great. I’ve already taken an aspirin, but it didn’t help!”
She followed D down the corridor.
“Really nice room…” D announced as she opened the door to their room.
The bright sunlight in here made Sarah squint. Her head was just killing her now.
“Do you want me to close the curtains?” D asked and, without waiting for an answer, just pulled them closed.
Watching her, Sarah suddenly had this vision of her saying, ‘Do you want to sleep on my sofa?’ 
Man, she really needed to stop thinking about this now. If she kept pondering it, her head would surely explode. And even with a clear and painless head, she would probably not be able to figure out how in the world Joe had managed to make D scrap all her principles within just a few hours. 
Sarah set her suitcase down beside the free bed.
At the other bed, D had pulled her toiletry case out of her luggage and was unzipping it.
“Here.” She held a little bottle out to Sarah and gave her sympathetic smile. “Take the magic potion and you’ll feel better in no time – hopefully. Always helps me.”
“Yeah, hopefully…” Sarah took the bottle. “Thanks.” 
She shuffled to the bathroom where she filled a glass with water, let about twenty drops drip into her mouth from above and rinsed them down with water.
D appeared in the doorway, and they looked at each other through the mirror. 
“Maybe you should lie down for a while,” D suggested. “Just until it kicks in. You still have forty minutes until dinner. We’ll get you in time – in case you fall asleep.”
Sarah nodded weakly. “Yeah, maybe I will. Thanks.”
After D had left, she sunk onto the bed, her arm over her eyes and waited for the headache to subside.
~~~
Walking back towards the elevator, D wondered whether Joe was still in his room. For a moment she considered checking, but then she forced herself to just walk past room 643. It was no good exposing herself to yet another dose of emotional turmoil!
“Danny…” 
She stopped in her tracks and whisked around when she heard his voice.
The door to his room was cracked open and he was peeking out, one hand on the door, the other on the doorframe.
D shot a nervous glance up and down the corridor and then back at him, her mouth suddenly dry. “What?”
“Come in for a second, okay…” He opened the door wider and reached out, almost as if to take her hand and pull her in, but when she didn’t seem to need any further persuasion or assistance, he stepped aside and retracted his hand, rubbing his forehead instead.
Feeling slightly shaky, D pulled the door closed behind herself and leaned against it, hands behind her back.  She actually felt as if she were caught up in a tornado. First an uncomfortable talk with Jack, then a few weird and nerve wrecking minutes with Sarah, now a one-on-one with Mister-turn-my-world-upside-down himself. Well, and right after this she’d have to head downstairs to a happy gathering with the oblivious friends…
She glanced over at Joe, who was leaning against the wall a few steps away from her, looking a bit tense himself.
“So, did you sedate Sarah, I hope?” His tone was joking, but it sounded a bit forced.
“Well, I gave her the magic drops, and with some luck she’ll be better for dinner…” D said, her voice not quite steady.
Biting down on his lower lip, Joe exhaled. “That’s good, I guess…” He shook his head. “Sometimes she just drives me absolutely crazy!”
“Seems like that works both ways,” D said with a smile. “She didn’t use those exact same words, but I think it was something very similar.”
He rolled his eyes. 
“Your breakfast didn’t go really well then, huh?” D asked.
“Nope, didn’t go well at all…”
“Because you were gone all night?” 
He let out a humorless laugh. “That was part of it, yeah…” His eyes drifted off to the floor as if to avoid her gaze. 
Suddenly there were noises in the hallway. 
Footsteps, approaching fast. 
D could feel her heart drop.
She intuitively took a step away from the door. Joe seemed to be holding his breath too.
What if Jack came back now? Or if Sarah came knocking? 
Holding her breath, D tried to keep track of the noises outside. 
Finally the footsteps passed the door and the noises faded. 
Briefly closing her eyes, D exhaled. 
It was dead quiet in the room now.
She looked at Joe and found him tracing the edge of a molding beside him with his hand.  He glanced at her. “Do you think there’s any chance I can get you alone sometime this weekend?” he asked.
“We are alone,” D pointed out the obvious.
“I actually meant for more than three minutes,” he clarified a little irritably, “and without having to pray that no one comes by.”
“Might not be the best environment,” D said. 
“I realize that,” he grumbled.  “But still…”
D squinted. “What’s going on? Why do you have to get me alone?” 
He didn’t answer right away, dropped his gaze for a moment and then looked up again. “It’s not about me renting a room, so we can make out – if that’s what you’re worried about,” he said flatly. “I understood perfectly well what you told me this morning.”
Staring at him, D swallowed. 
“I just need to…” he started, then paused and chewed on his lower lip for a moment. “Well… during my breakfast with Sarah some stuff came up and… I need to talk to you.”
D felt this cold, choking wave take a hold of her, as possible topics started flashing through her head. “I really don’t want to talk about…” she stammered, her mouth suddenly dry, “…about…that.” 
“You don’t even know what I’m–” 
“I have enough imagination…” she interrupted.
“Okay...” Joe pursed his lips and blew out a tense breath through his nose. 
What followed was a moment of tense silence, with D looking at her shoes and Joe looking at her. “And if we just skipped the talking?” he asked.
Her eyes darted up at him and she found him giving her a somewhat challenging look. 
D swallowed hard.
Joe shrugged. “A whole weekend of keeping an unsuspicious distance just doesn’t sound real great, I guess.” he said.
Looking back at him, D could clearly feel the effects of that look he was giving her and the thing he had just said
He shrugged again. “But then that’s just me, of course…”
D stared at him. 
“It’s not just you…” she finally admitted grudgingly and hardly loud enough to hear.
“Oh? Really?” Joe raised his eyebrows. “Not just me, hm?”
“Forget it,” she said, suppressing a chuckle. “It is just you!”
He laughed. “No, no, no! Too late now!” 
He pushed himself away from the wall and came closer. 
Suddenly there were footsteps outside again. 
D froze – and saw Joe come to a halt two feet away from her, his eyes flickering to the door behind her. 
As the footsteps came closer, he kept staring at the door.
They were both holding their breath. 
But then the footsteps passed their door and his eyes returned to her. “Oh, you’re so jumpy!” he teased.
“Oh, I’m jumpy and you’re not?” she retorted.
“No, I’m very calm,” he lied and stepped up to her all the way. “And if someone comes, then I’ll just hide you in the closet.” 
“Wow, that’s just ingenious!” D muttered, trying hard to hold his gaze and at least appear cool.
“That’s what they do in the movies…” Joe pointed out.
D nodded, dropping her gaze. “Yeah, yeah…”
“Anyway…” He raised a hand to where he could brush the side of his thumb over her cheek. “If you don’t flat-out reject the idea of getting together alone…”
Feeling that slight touch all over, D looked at him. “I don’t reject the idea,” she said, “I just really don’t know how that could work …” She hadn’t wanted this to sound like an apology, but it kind of did.
“Well, it would have to be top secret, I guess.” Joe contemplated, scratching his head. Suddenly he laughed. “I’ll try to come up with something top secret, okay? And you just keep your phone around, so I can let you know when something pops up.”
Caught in his gaze, she nodded. “Okay…” 
There was a moment of silence. 
Then Joe stepped closer, leaned down to her and whispered, “I guess I should probably let you go before someone really comes…” 
D let out a little laugh. “Oh, is this you letting me go now?” The tip of his nose almost touched hers and she could feel his breath on her face.
“Mhmm.” He gave her soft, warm kiss right on her lips. 
It didn’t last quite long enough for her to react. 
As he pulled back a little now, both his hands on her shoulders, D blew out a breath. “Joe…” 
“What?” His gaze meshed with hers.
“How do we do this? I mean… not the getting-together-top-secret part, but… in general… downstairs… with the others…?”
He raised his eyebrows. “You mean, how do we act?”
She nodded.
He considered it for a moment, then he let out a little laugh and gave her shoulders a squeeze.
“Why don’t we just re-enact Wednesday night,” he suggested with a shrug, “I’ll be nice, polite and friendly, and you alternate between ignoring me and being cold, snappy and testy.”
D growled and rolled her eyes at him. She was going to say something too, but his face being so close again made her catch her breath instead. 
“One more for the trip downstairs,” he announced and tipped his nose against hers before he kissed her again, this time giving her a little more time to contribute to it. 
“Okay… Now you better go before we get caught here or die from a heart attack imagining it,” Joe said when the kiss ended, “I’ll be down in a few minutes and you can start ignoring me…” He grinned.
“Ha Ha Ha!” 
For a moment, she just stood at the door and intently listened for any noises from the hallway. Then she cracked the door open and took a quick peek outside – making sure the coast was clear. 
When she slipped out, she could briefly feel the light touch of his hand against her lower back. 

Walking over to the elevator, D tried to compose herself. 
How in the world had she gone from initially really looking forward to this weekend, to dreading it because she had found out that Joe was going to be there, to now almost wishing it could be only him and her?
 This was just sick. Really! And it was crazy and totally unfair to all the nice people downstairs! She better focus on what this weekend was all about: having a good time with old friends!
~~~
After closing the door behind D, Joe went over to his bed where he had dropped his bag earlier. In order to waste some time, he started unpacking a few things.
He felt a little better now, but his mind kept flashing back to all the crazy things that had happened in the morning – the breakfast with Sarah, the revelation of the shower incident and Sarah’s epiphany upon recognizing his sweater. These things just kept popping up in his head, and every time that happened, he could feel his stomach drop. 
On the drive over from Innsbruck he had felt as if he couldn’t even breathe properly before he had a chance to talk to Danny. It had seemed absolutely urgent to give her a head’s up that Sarah had found out about them and to make clear to her that he had not spent the night after the party with Liz. 
For a moment there, when she had been in his room, he had seriously considered just getting it over with and telling her right then. That would have probably been a disastrous move, though. He could see that now. Because from what she had said, she would have probably just run and screamed and refused to talk to him again if he had pulled those topics out of the hat. The way it looked, he would just have to deal with it himself for right now. Especially regarding the shower issue. Because really, what difference did it still make so many years later? Maybe he should just let sleeping dogs lie altogether. Maybe he would.
The fact that Sarah had figured out where he had been the last two nights, was a different story. He needed to tell Danny before it came out some other way and the damage would be done.
~~~
D found the group still seated in the garden, their glasses mostly empty. They were immersed in some discussion about a new TV show. Rick and Carey were reciting some scene they had found especially funny.
D sat down on the bench next to Jack.
“Did you see Sarah?” he asked. 
“Yeah, she’s got a headache and took some drops and lay down,” D told him.
“Oh, okay…” He nodded. Looking at him, D realized that he had probably just stopped himself from asking about Joe as well – out of consideration for her. This was such a weird situation…
She was still pondering this, when Joe came strolling out of the building.
He pulled a chair from another table over between Anja and Rick – just right across from D and, for the fraction of a second, he met her eyes. She quickly dropped her gaze.
“Sarah’s got a headache,” Joe said to no one in particular. “We’re supposed to get her when we’re ready for dinner…”
The mention of dinner prompted everyone around the table to check their watches.
“Almost time,” Gerry announced, his arm around Anja. “I’m pretty hungry.”
Anja nodded. “Me too.”

They stayed for another fifteen minutes and then paid for the beverages. As they wandered inside, Carey and Sun excused themselves to go up to their rooms for a moment, and Jack offered to get Sarah. Neither Joe nor D made any attempt to stop him. They were both secretly welcoming the fact that they didn’t have to do it.
“Thanks Jack,” Joe even said, jokingly patting Jack’s back. “She might be less grouchy if you go…”
Jack laughed. “Oh, are we having a little family trouble?”
“Yeah, you could say that,” Joe grumbled and followed the others to the dining area.
Dinner from Hell
The dining room was bustling. There seemed to be quite a few people from town who came just for Saturday dinner. A lot of couples, some families.
D tried to stay around Tony and Kim while, from the corner of her eye, she was aware of Joe talking to Gerry. She just couldn’t seem to get him off her radar…
Their table was in the far corner of the dining room, at the window; a big oval table for eleven.
Just as they sat down, Sarah and Jack appeared from upstairs. Sarah looked better. She shot D a weary smile across the table. “Drops helped…” she mouthed and sat down between Jack and Joe.
The waiter came to take the orders for what they wanted to drink. Since they had a fixed menu for dinner, there were no decisions to be made in that regard.
Soon the conversations picked up where they had been interrupted before they had moved inside from the garden. 
D tried hard to concentrate on what Rick was telling Tony about some sort of new implant that was just being tested for the hearing-impaired. 
Keeping her eyes on Rick or Tony or her napkin or her hands, she made sure her gaze didn’t flash over to Joe. This was harder than she had thought. She heard him talk to Jack and growl at Sarah, which Sarah countered with some hissed comment.
When the waiter brought the drinks and everyone was distracted, she allowed herself to briefly glance over to the other side of the table.
Joe was absent-mindedly staring into his glass and, next to him, Sarah was laughing about something Jack must have said. 
Suddenly Joe looked up and met her eyes. 
It literally made her stomach knot. He gave her a little crooked smile before he dropped his gaze again and started playing with his glass.
Finally the soup came. It looked really good and D realized how hungry she was. 
Ten minutes later the second course was served. A fish dish with potatoes and fennel root. 

They were about halfway through the second course when Anja’s phone rang in her purse. 
With her mother being quite sick, Anja had the phone turned on day and night, so the hospital or her Dad could reach her in case of emergency.
With the first ring Anja had turned pale and put her silverware down and started to fumble with the clasp of her purse. 
“I’m really sorry… ” she said as she pulled her phone out. 
She had already risen from her chair halfway in order to leave the table for the duration of the call. Now she came to an awkward halt, though. Squinted at the display of her phone.
“No idea who that is,” she said. “Some German mobile number.”
She dropped down on her chair again and put the phone against her ear.
“Hello?”
With the first words from the caller reaching her ear, her expression turned completely baffled.
“Hello, Liz…”  Utter disbelief.
“Fine, how are you?” A polite answer out of reflex, while she was trying to make sense of this.  
“Yeah, we’re just starting dinner here…” 
Her eyes darted over to Joe. “Yeah… he’s here…” 
Stone-faced Joe shook his head and dropped his gaze to his plate. 
Looking increasingly uncomfortable, Anja sat down on her chair again.
“Ahm… Liz…” She was obviously trying to interrupt what seemed to be a monologue on the other end.  “How about if he just calls you back?”
Listening to the response, Anja sucked in a sharp breath. Apparently Liz hadn’t jumped on the suggestion.
“Ahm…” Anja tried to get a word in again.  “I really think it’s better if you just talked to him directly… No, he’s definitely going to call you back right away…” With a warning look she pointed a finger in Joe’s direction.
Liz seemed to still be talking on the other end, making Anja squirm on her chair. 
 “Sure…” she said. “Yeah, sure I can give him a message too, but if he calls you right away, why don’t you just…” There was a moment of silence again in which Liz obviously responded. 
Whatever she said, made Anja briefly close her eyes. 
“No, alright…” she said soothingly. “Liz, you need to calm down, okay. I can hardly understand you… Sure. I’ll give him a message…”
Two seconds passed then Anja’s eyes widened. 
“What?… No, I understood, but… Liz, that’s really something you should tell him yourself.” Her tone was a bit freaked out now.  “That’s absolutely nothing I should be telling him… Liz, calm down, okay.”
Her jawline hard, Anja now shook her head. 
“It’s okay,” she finally told Liz with audible exasperation, “I’ll tell him. Yeah. I promise. Bye…” 
She hung up and put the phone on the table. Then she blew out some air through clenched teeth and shook her head again. ”I can’t believe she called me!” 
“Who was that?” Gerry wanted to know.
“I’ll tell you later,” Anja said. Then she turned to look at Joe, who was looking back at her with a frozen expression. 
“Just say it,” he told her darkly, “since we’re all here. I’m sure that was the whole point…”
Anja shook her head again, obviously still in awe at what had just happened. “I can’t believe she drags me into this!” she said, “All of us, actually. But - she wants me to tell you…” For a moment she hesitated. “She says she’s pregnant. And you have your phone turned off all the time.”
Joe felt like someone was pulling the rug from under his feet.
He leaned back in his chair, his gaze turning unfocussed. He didn’t have to look around, to know that everyone was staring at him.
From the corner of his eye he saw Danny push back her chair, get up and walk out. It seemed to be happening in slow motion, but there was absolutely nothing he could do about it.
He reached into his shirt pocket and pulled out his phone. His hands were trembling. 
It was still dead quiet when he got up. “I’m really sorry about this!” His throat felt tight. “Excuse me…”
Trying not to look into all the serious and worried faces, he squeezed by Jack’s and Sarah's chairs to get out behind the table. Then, like in a haze, he made his way out of the dining room, through the lobby and out into the fresh air.
~~~
There was an eerie silence around the table after Joe had left. 
Anja, still shocked, was poking around in her food just like everyone else who still had any.
“I still can’t believe she called me!” Anja said, “That’s just the most bizarre thing to do. I don’t even know how she got my new number. I’m not even friends with her or anything…”
Carey nodded. ”Yeah it’s really weird. She must be pretty desperate.”
Gerry coughed. “A bit of a lunatic, if you ask me…”
“Yeah, but that he doesn’t pick up the phone when she calls,” Carey pointed out. “I mean, that’s just…” She dismissively shook her head. “When she’s dealing with something as important as that…”
Jack glanced over at Sarah.
She was just sitting there, staring at her plate, one hand cramped around her knife, the other one pressed flat against the table top as if to grant some stability. When she felt his eyes on her, she weakly shook her head without looking up.
Jack looked at the faces around the table. The mood had dropped to zero.
“Maybe he didn’t know,” Gerry contemplated.
“Well, what she told Anja doesn’t exactly sound like he didn’t know,” Kim said, obviously reminded of her own experience with Tony. “Sounded more like he–”
“He didn’t know!” Jack interrupted her decisively.
All eyes shifted to him. 
Only Sarah was still gloomily staring at the table. 
Jack had really hoped she’d come back to life right about now and say something in her brother’s defense as well, but the way it looked, he wouldn’t be able to count on her.
“I had a talk with him yesterday,” he said slowly. “Up close and personal.” He could only hope he’d make things better here and not worse! “He told me that they’ve split up – him and Liz – or actually: he left. Because… ahm – there were some serious problems. From what I heard – and I’m not going to go into detail here – I definitely don’t blame him. I can guarantee you that, when he left, he had no idea of this pregnancy thing. He would have told me. And sorry, but pregnant or not, delivering this kind of news like this, is absolutely sick if you ask me…”
There was some mumbling and nodding around the table.
“Well, I sure hope they can work this out,” Kim said.
“Maybe it’s not even true…” Rick contemplated.
“Oh, come on, Rick,” Carey blasted, “Why would she do that?”
“Not unheard of,” Gerry said. “If he left her, as Jack said, and she didn’t like it… Some women take drastic measures.”
“I can’t imagine she’d do that,” Carey insisted.
Jack let out a little laugh. “I can! And I know her a little better myself, as you might know…”
“Yeah, but still…” Carey gave him a sour look.
Across the table, Gerry had raised his hands. “Let’s not get into a fight about this, alright? We don’t know all the facts, so we should probably just keep out of it. We can’t let this ruin the weekend.”

When the waiter appeared a few minutes later, none of them had finished their main course, but everyone was ready to have dessert.
“Can I take this away too?” The waiter had reached D’s abandoned chair and was looking at her plate that had hardly been touched. 
 “I don’t know,” Rick, who was sitting closest, shot Sarah a questioning look.  “I don’t even know where she went. Do you?”
It was now that Sarah’s brain finally kicked into gear again. Just like Rick, she had no idea where D could have gone, but the reason for her disappearance was crystal-clear to her. And so was the fact that there was no way, D was going to come back and actually still finish her food.
“Yeah, I’m sure you can take it,” Sarah nodded. “She probably went to the bathroom or upstairs. She didn’t feel that great even this morning. Probably migraines…”
She was amazed how easily and believably that had come out. When, at the same, time she felt like screaming or throwing something. She couldn’t sit here any longer, though.
 “Are you alright?” Jack gave her a concerned look as she pushed herself up.
“I’ll be back,” she said with a quick shake of her head.

Her mind racing, she headed out into the lobby over to the lounge area she had seen during the check-in. 
Somewhat hidden behind some giant plants there were several cozy couches and coffee tables, and the light was dimmed.
The only other people there at the moment were a young man and woman sitting on a loveseat in the very back, totally immersed in each other.
Sarah stopped at the first couch and sank down on it.
That’s when Jack caught up with her.
“Mind if I join you?” he asked and, without waiting for an answer, sat down on the seat across from her.
For a moment they just sat there.
“What did he tell you?” Sarah finally asked without an introduction. The topic was clear enough.
Jack drew in a breath and glanced towards one of the plants as if to sort his thoughts. 
“He told me that he had, and I quote, left her,” he said then. ”And that she was drinking too much and…” He shrugged. “…that she’s sleeping with other guys and somehow not quite all there. Sounded pretty grave, honestly. And knowing him – and her – I don’t think he was exaggerating.”
Chewing on her lower lip, Sarah glared at him, waiting for him to continue.
“He didn’t tell me a lot of details,” Jack said, “but the bit he did say was enough for me to agree that it’s good he got out of there…” He squinted. “But you talked to him too. What impression did you get?”
Sarah’s expression darkened. “I definitely didn’t get as many details as you did,” she said flatly, “but that’s probably because we kind of got stuck on the question why he had gotten involved with that bitch in the first place.”
Jack scratched his head. “Oh, so, you chewed him out before he could get there?”
“Well, yeah. Poor, poor Joe,” Sarah threw out a hand.
“He told you about his hand, though, right?”
Sarah faltered. “What about his hand?”
“That it wasn’t just some accident but that she did it.”
“What?” Sarah’s eyes widened. “Liz?”
“Yep. Just so you know what we’re dealing with here. I sure hope he doesn’t run back to her!” He leaned forward and reached for a glass ball that was lying on the table for decoration. “But this changes things, of course.”
Sarah nodded grimly. “God, this is such a mess! I was so glad this morning when he said he’d left her! And now… I don’t even want to imagine him and her and a baby. That’s the absolute worst case scenario as far as I’m concerned! “
“Well yeah, it’s pretty drastic,” Jack agreed while rolling the glass ball around in his hands. “We can always hope that it’s not true, but I guess if it is true and she wants to keep it, he won’t be able to just wash his hands of her. Not that he’s probably even the type to try that...”
Sarah shook her head. “He’s sooo stupid!”
Jack let out a little laugh. “Well, in the right moment even the smartest guy will fall for the don’t-worry-I’m-on-the-pill assurance. I have. Just got lucky, I guess…” The apologetic grin that had started spreading across his face faded when he saw Sarah scowl.
“All I’m saying is that she may have tricked him,” he said, “or it might have been an accident. It’s crap either way.”
“No kidding!” 
For a moment she just watched Jack pass the glass ball from one hand to the other.
“It just drives me crazy, though,” she moaned. “Here he comes, with all this Liz chaos still looming over his head – and I don’t care if he knew it or not – the first thing he does…” Something made her stop before she could say it.
“Oh, is this still about Wednesday night?” Jack asked. “I don’t really know what he did, but it definitely didn’t sound like he was with Sun. I’m not even sure he was with anyone…”
Sarah was hard-pressed to contradict. She really would have just loved to enlighten him that what Joe had done Wednesday night was way more idiotic and harmful than screwing Sun or whoever else. 
She really wished she could share this with Jack. Simply because he might be able to make her feel better. Somehow he always did. But she knew she needed to keep this to herself. Not because it would undoubtedly destroy Jack’s faith in Joe’s intelligence and integrity (she did not care about that), but because it would mean adding D to the picture. And she just couldn’t see how that would benefit anyone. Having seen D get up from dinner, all color drained from her face, she knew that D was at this very moment cursing herself and wishing she could turn back time. If D had any idea that anyone (even if only her closest friend) knew about the little secret of the last two nights, she would probably freak out. Therefore, Sarah decided, the thing to do was to quickly try and forget this and not spread the information.
“Don’t be so mad at him,” Jack said. “He’s got enough problems as it is…”
“I know that! But I’m still mad! Thanks for the psychological support, though!”
Jack smiled. “Anytime you need me…”
Managing a weak smile herself, Sarah nodded. She knew he meant it. He had proved it often enough. All the times he had come over to the house when the Andy problem had gotten bad. And afterwards, when she had been crying and ranting. Jack and D had seen it all. And Jack had comforted her and cheered her up – and one time he had held her.
“Ready to go back?” He rubbed his hands over his thighs.
With a little shrug she rose from her seat. “I guess…”
Stepping up to her, Jack put his hands on her upper arms and gave her an encouraging look. “Stop worrying, Sarah. He’s grown up. You can’t save him from anything…”
Caught in Jack’s gaze, Sarah nodded. There was this feeling that had just rushed through her, with her eyes somehow having slipped to his mouth and her suddenly wondering what it would be like to kiss him. Jack? Oh my! Thank God he couldn’t read her mind.
Taking his hands off her arms, Jack nodded towards the lobby. “Okay, let’s go back…” 
~~~
In the luxurious lobby bathroom, D was sitting on a closed toilet seat in one of the stalls, oblivious to the chatter outside, the flushing of toilets left and right and the occasional howling of the jet engine hand dryers.
She wasn’t sure how she had made it here. It was all blurred from the moment she had realized who it was that Anja was talking to. And when Anja had put out the disastrous p-word, her mind had gone absolutely blank for a moment. And her throat had felt like a giant cotton ball was stuck there, making it impossible to breathe or swallow.
Somehow a basic emergency survival program must have kicked in, however. She only remembered it through a haze, but somehow she had managed to get up and, one wouldn’t believe it, move her feet. Walk straight. Make another frantic attempt at breathing. And succeed. Set one foot in front of the other; make it out of the dining room. Into the lobby… 
Half blind already with tears, she had stumbled through the bathroom door that someone else was holding open for her. 
There had been a free stall and she had fled inside. She had locked the door behind herself, closed the lid over the toilet and sunk down on it. 
Breathing shakily, she tore off a piece of toilet paper, her hands anything but steady, and dabbed the corners of her eyes before any tears could flow over, mesh with her mascara and then leave traces on her cheeks.
She tried to choke down the tears. She absolutely couldn’t cry here! Everyone would notice. She couldn’t have a breakdown. Not here, not now, not ever again – at least not about this guy!
She sat up straight, her hands flat on her knees, breathed in and out, in and out… She tried to concentrate on the grain of the painted wooden door in front of her. And the white tiles around the doorframe. With every breath the urge to cry seemed to subside. She felt herself getting calmer. And her brain booting up again.
She desperately needed to reprogram that brain. Delete everything her memory had recorded since Joe had driven her home. Put her world back in an upright position after it had literally been turned upside down since then and drowned in a tsunami three minutes ago.
She pressed the index and middle finger of her right hand against the spot between her eyebrows. She’d be alright. She needed to be alright! Rewind, rewind, rewind…
Thank God she had slept in her own bed last night!!! It had been so close. If he hadn’t… Shit! She closed her eyes, swallowing hard, choking down another bout of tears. She tried to make those pictures go away.
Joe in just his boxer shorts, the glass of milk in his hands.
Joe pulling her into his hotel room this afternoon…
She gasped for air as the question crossed her mind: Did he already know it then? Was that why he had wanted to get her alone? To tell her about this?
Pressing the back of her hand against her mouth she closed her eyes. Calm down, calm down! She felt like screaming.  Or smashing her own head against the tile wall for being such an idiot! Such an incredibly naive, stupid idiot.
Her throat was burning with the tears she was trying to keep from welling up. Breathe in, and out…
Outside a group of women must have just barged in. 
Talking loudly. Giggling. Slamming doors shut. 
Someone tried her door but then accepted that it was really locked.
It took another few minutes of intense struggle and breathing exercises to regain some balance. She glanced at her reflection in the shiny metal cover of the toilet paper holder and realized with incredible relief that – to the oblivious crowd – she would look alright. She would just claim she had had a spell of migraine. It would be okay.
Still feeling somewhat shaky, she finally got up. Took another deep breath. Flushed the toilet as an alibi and unlocked her door.
As she slowly walked back to the table, she braced herself for whatever she would find. Fortunately it didn’t seem like anyone had noticed her absence much.
Seeing Joe gone was both a great relief and a nauseating shock. She tried not to let it get to her. Maybe he was already on his way to be with his pregnant girlfriend.
~~~
Joe had walked out of the hotel and followed a sign towards the lakeside promenade. His mind was racing. He felt sick to his stomach as the bizarre situation at the dinner table kept flashing through his head again and again. He had caught a glimpse at Danny right before she had gotten up. She had had that look on her face that he would never forget. Her expression had, within not even two seconds, gone through the emotional stages of disbelief, horror, shock, disgust, fury, confusion all the way to a strange kind of determination. And then she had gotten up and left.
The lakeside promenade took him along the lake behind the side of the hotel that was facing east. 
There weren’t many people out walking anymore now that it was starting to get dark. Almost everyone was probably either at home by now or having dinner at the hotel. 
The lamps along the path had just come on and there were bugs and moths immediately buzzing around the light. 
Up ahead in a distance, Joe had just spotted a boathouse and, across from it, a small hill with a few benches. 
He decided to head there. It seemed like a good place to be alone.
He reached the benches two minutes later. Through a haze he took in the view from up here for a moment. The lake lay very still, like a big black sheet of glass. Around it he could see the outline of the mountains and at their base, the glittering lights of the houses in the two lakeside towns. 
The hotel sat on its peninsula, many of the windows illuminated. He thought he could see the dining room with people still enjoying their dinners. Towards the tip of the peninsula, there was a brightly lit glass construction that reminded him of a gazebo. Probably part of the spa area. In fact, there seemed to be people in bathing suits and a bunch of lounge chairs.
Leaning forward now, his elbows resting on his knees, he exhaled and rubbed his eyes. Maybe, if he just rubbed them hard enough, he would wake up from this freaking nightmare. 
This just couldn’t be happening!
He should have known that Liz would come up with something. Something mean. Something sick… 
Momentarily feeling the anger get the upper hand, he pushed his left hand into his hair and dug the fingers into his skull until it hurt. 
He let out a growl that felt rough against his throat.
He had really thought he had learned to control himself during the three years with her, but in situations like this he would have liked to smash her face. He needed to pull himself together, though. 
He turned the phone on. 
Time to face the unavoidable!
There were five more unanswered calls since he had last had the phone on yesterday afternoon. 
He should have called her back then. 
He should have known. 
What vicious idea to call one of his friends and put that kind of news out in front of everyone!
Taking a deep breath, he tapped on the phone to return the call. 
It rang twice then she picked it up.
“Hello?” She always answered her phone as if she didn’t see on the display who was calling. 
Hit by a wave of fury, Joe clenched his hand around the phone hard enough that he was afraid it might crack. It didn’t.
“Joe?” She asked sweetly as if she wasn’t entirely sure.
He didn’t say anything.
“Well, Honey,” she said delightedly. “That was quick!” She giggled.
“You must have really lost it completely…” His voice sounded a lot calmer than he felt.
“You didn’t pick up your phone,” she said as if that explained or justified it all. “And I needed to get ahold of you.”
“And that justifies calling innocent bystanders and telling them stuff like that?” 
She laughed. “Well, since I couldn’t reach you.”
“I didn’t want to talk to you…” he retorted sharply, “and you pretty well know why.”
She clicked her tongue in this annoying too-bad-for-you kind of way.
“You better change your attitude, Honey,” she said then, “because I’m pregnant.”
Joe closed his eyes and sucked in a breath.
“You have to come back to me…” she announced in a tone mothers use with misbehaving children.
Joe ground his teeth. “No, I don’t. And I won’t, Liz. It’s over. How many times do I have to tell you until you understand… – I’m not coming back.”
There was a moment in which he thought he could hear her catch her breath. Then she started to cry.
His jaws tightly locked, he stared towards the water.
For a while she kept gasping and sobbing.
 “You can’t do that!” she cried, “You need to –“
“Cut it out, Liz!” he snapped. “You can say whatever you want, I’m not coming back.” 
On the other end he could hear glass shatter. She must have thrown something on the floor. He could just picture it. Had seen it often enough.
“I’m pregnant!” she hissed.
“Oh, really?” It had just now occurred to him that it might not even be true.
“It’s true!” she screamed furiously.
 “Well, maybe it is,” he said dryly while holding the phone away from his ear, “but I’m pretty sure it’s not from me. You know as well as I that, since your little escapade with Mr. fucking Bob Sorelli, we’ve had a layer of rubber between us at all times!” He let out a bitter little laugh. “So, if you’re really pregnant, maybe you should talk to Bob or Phil or Eric. Help me out here – was there anyone else? Do you even know?”
“You asshole!” 
“There you go. Now we’re talking…”
She started sobbing again. “You need to come back,” she cried, ”We need to talk…”
“Talking won’t help,” Joe said darkly. “Never has…”
She was sobbing uncontrollably now.
Joe briefly closed his eyes and released a tense breath. 
“Liz, listen...” he said, trying to keep himself from yelling, “I’m miles away and, honestly, I think that is a good thing. You’ve got some friends. Talk to them. Tell them what an asshole I am. That’s fine. Just get a grip on it, please. It just can’t be me!”
The sobbing stopped for a moment and there was a freaky little laugh. Mixed in with it, Joe thought he heard another, somewhat familiar noise that he couldn’t place right away. It sounded like glass clicking against glass. He squinted. A bottle against a glass, and then the pouring of a liquid. 
“Are you drinking?” he blasted. This was just unreal!
She snorted. “Well, what do you expect?”
“Right… what do I expect!?!” He let out a dry laugh.
On the other end it was quiet for a moment, and he could just picture her taking a big sip from her glass.
“You know, Liz,” he just couldn’t stop himself. “If you really are pregnant and you’re thinking of keeping it, you should probably stop drinking!”
Suddenly she laughed; another shrill, freaky laugh that just sent shivers down his spine.
“You know what?” he heard her say, and she suddenly sounded strangely calm again. “I may just want to mix this glass of whiskey, my second one, by the way, with some of the great pills you left here…”
She had hung up.
Joe let the hand that was still clamped around the phone sink into his lap. His whole body was slightly shaking now. He actually felt as if three big guys had just beaten him up!
He stared out at the lake. It had gotten dark and there was a soft breeze. 
Turning around the phone in his hand, he tried to decide how serious Liz’s threat with the pills had to be taken.
Could he just ignore it? He wished! 
Liz was a nightmare come true! 
He ground his teeth in frustration. No, as much as he wanted to, he couldn’t just ignore a thing like that! He couldn’t risk it. He’d never be able to live with himself if anything happened.
He tapped on the display of his phone, opening the contacts. 
He scrolled down. 
For a moment he hesitated. Then he tapped on the number he was looking for and put the phone back against his ear. It rang three times and then Steve picked it up.
“Joe? Hi! How are you doing?” Steve sounded surprised.
“Not so good actually,” Joe admitted. “I’m really sorry to call you on a Saturday night but… there’s kind of a problem.”
“We were just watching TV,” Steve said. “What’s up? What kind of problem?”
“Well… – I’m here at a hotel with some friends and,” Joe huffed out a humorless laugh, “Liz just called one of my friends here.”
“Oh crap…” Steve was apparently well aware that that could only be a bad thing.
“Yeah, you can say that,” Joe said darkly. “Anyway, she called this friend, whom she barely knows, and told her to tell me that she’s pregnant.”
He heard Steve gasp. “You’re kidding!?!”
“Yeah, I wish!”
“God, she’s so screwed up…She told that to your friend?”
“Well, yeah, because – and I quote – she couldn’t reach me. I have to admit I had my phone turned off…”
“Do you think it’s true?” Steve asked.
“What? That she’s pregnant? I don’t know. Maybe, maybe not. Only, that it can’t really be from me...”
There was silence on the other end, with Steve obviously trying to decide how to respond to this.
Joe drew in a deep breath. “I’m really sorry to even bother you with this – and I definitely don’t want to drag you into the question as to who might have gotten her pregnant and stuff like that. It’s just… Well, she wants me to come back, of course – don’t ask me why! – and I told her that I wouldn’t and that she should stop drinking – because seems like she’s downing some whiskey as we’re speaking…” He paused for a moment. “She just hung up on me, threatening to mix the whiskey with some painkillers I got for my hand. Some really potent stuff…“
“Shit!” Steve exhaled.
“Yeah…It’s probably just another one of her stunts, but I don’t really want to rely on it.”
“Yeah…”
“And she’s already pretty drunk and mad as hell. So –”
“Do you want me to go over there?” Steve asked.
“Could you? I really hate to do this to you, but the only other thing I can think of is calling the police. Because I’m four hours away.”
“Even if you were here, Joe, I don’t think it would be a good idea if you went near her. This whole thing seems a little too explosive right now.”
“No kidding…”
“I’ll take care of it, don’t worry,” Steve assured him. “Maybe I can just sort it out over the phone and if not, I’ll go over there.”
“Thanks, Steve.  I’m really sorry!”
“Not your fault that my sister’s such a lunatic,” Steve said dryly.
“Yeah, well…” Joe didn’t quite know what to say. He was just glad Steve saw it that way.
“I’ll send you a message later,” Steve promised.
“Okay. I’ll check my phone in about an hour. But I’ll turn it off right now, because if she calls again… My talking to her just makes it worse!”
“Probably,” Steve said. “But don’t worry. It’ll be fine.”
After Steve had hung up, Joe stayed on the bench for a few more minutes. Then he got up and walked back to the hotel.
As if she had planned it…
When Joe returned to the dining room, their table was deserted. The others had obviously moved to the other room with the projector that Rick had been talking about earlier.
At the reception Joe asked for directions. 
He needed to head to another wing of the building.
Walking down a long corridor with several black and white photographs of the hotel in former times, he tried to motivate himself.
He couldn’t imagine how he’d be able to focus on pictures or light conversations at the moment, though. 
Maybe he could just sit there and zone out. 

He was so deep in thought that he walked by the room he was looking for and only realized it when he had reached the end of the corridor. 
A little disoriented he turned around and walked back to the right door. He could hear laughter from inside.
Quietly he opened the door and snuck in.
The room was dimly lit. 
On the big screen a film was currently playing. 
Clips from a few different trips and hikes they had taken together over the years. 
Still standing in the back, Joe clenched his jaws. Watching this stuff was exactly what he still needed tonight! Memories of a pretty nice past that he had totally screwed up.
He considered leaving again. 
Some of the heads had already turned, though. 
Rick was giving him a sympathetic smile; Gerry nodded at him with a genuine I’m-sorry-buddy look.
He forced himself to give them a crooked smile.
Right in front of him, Sarah had just turned around in her chair and was looking up at him with real concern. 
Beside her, Jack had turned around as well, an encouraging smile on his face. He nodded towards the empty chair behind them. 
Joe sat down.
He glanced over to the other side of the room. 
D was sitting in the very front there – in the seat that was the furthest away from the door.
She was staring at the screen with a frozen expression. Had it not been for this expression, he might have thought she hadn’t noticed him coming in. But she had noticed. Because, even before Rick or Gerry had turned around earlier, she had glanced over her shoulder. She’d met his eyes across the room. A provokingly cold, narrow-eyed look.
He had shrugged and looked away. At Rick. And Gerry.
 Sitting here now, behind Sarah and Jack, he felt drained.
Absolutely drained. 
As if the maximum amount of drama that he could possibly process in one day had been reached and everything beyond that would just overflow.
So, no matter what kind of looks Danny decided to shoot him here, it just didn’t get to him anymore.
In front of him, Sarah had just turned around again. Giving him a worried look she reached back and gave his knee a somewhat clumsy, encouraging pat. He managed a forced little smile, placed his hand on hers and gave it a gentle squeeze in return.
The film showing on the screen now had probably been taken five years ago – by someone with quite an unsteady hand. Joe was starting to feel dizzy just trying to get into it. He remembered some of that short camping trip to a mosquito-infested area at a little lake. Not that he really wanted to remember it.
After a few minutes, the film was over and Rick was fiddling with the computer in the dark, probably about to start some other film or slide show. 
Joe decided to take this opportunity to leave.
He leaned forward. “I’m going upstairs,” he whispered to Sarah. Then he rose from his chair and snuck out of the room.
Sarah caught up with him in the hallway.
“Joe! Wait!”
“What?” He stopped and turned around to her, giving her a weary look.  “Just go back in there, Sarah, okay?”
“Like I can still concentrate on that? And like you can actually go to sleep now?”
Dropping his gaze, he shrugged. Of course she was right. There was no way he could sleep. But that hadn’t been the point anyway. He had just wanted to get away.
“We could go and have a drink together,” Sarah suggested and placed her hand on his arm. “Come on…”
Defensively he raised his hands. “Just let me be, Sarah, please. I’d rather be alone. I’m not good company right now.”
“You don’t have to be good company! But I think you definitely shouldn’t be by yourself brooding…”
“Yeah, whatever!” He started heading down the corridor. “Let’s go and have a drink then!”

Together they walked over to the bar area in the main building.
Joe headed straight for a small table in the very back that had no one else sitting closeby.
The waiter came to take their order.
“Just order anything,” he told Sarah. “I really don’t care what I have…”
Sarah ordered two cocktails that she knew they both liked.
For a moment they just sat in silence, Joe gloomily staring at the table between them, his arms crossed.
“I can’t believe she did that…” Sarah finally said.
He let out bitter laugh. “Neither can I, but I guess I shouldn’t be surprised by anything she does anymore. She -” He broke off when the waiter brought the drinks.
“Did you call her?” Sarah asked cautiously.
“Yep! Probably made it worse.” He took a sip from the cocktail and then leaned back and tilted his head against the wall behind him. 
Sarah stirred her drink with the straw, making the ice cubes spin around. “What are you going to do if she’s really pregnant?” she asked with a glance up at him.
“I don’t care if she’s pregnant or not,” he said with a jerky shrug.
Sarah’s look turned baffled. Not that she wanted him to make up with Liz, but still… He didn’t care?
“Don’t look at me like I’m some sort of monster,” he growled. “I don’t care because it can’t be from me, that’s all.”
“And you’re sure about that?”
“Yesss!”
“How come?"
Joe let out a humorless little laugh. “Are you seriously asking me that? Aren’t you the one who freaks out just imagining her Teddy bear possibly having some kind of sex life?”
Sarah blinked at him with irritation.
“If you really need to know, I can, of course, explain it to you, Sarah,” Joe said in a tone as if he were a mother talking to a child. “There are those rubber things, right? Now don’t put your hands over your ears, because that’s not my favorite topic either.” He paused for a moment. “Anyway, no sex with Liz without those rubber things. You understand? In the last – let’s see – eight months or so. I’ll spare you the details why. Let’s just say it was my choice and for my protection.”
Sarah nodded warily. That had already been more than she had ever wanted to hear on this kind of subject. She picked up her glass and drank some more of her cocktail. She was starting to feel the alcohol, which – given how awkward she felt with this conversation – might be a good thing.
Across from her, Joe was currently playing with his glass, turning it around on the table, shifting it between the lines on the table’s surface. He had hardly touched his drink.
“I don’t really understand how she got Anja’s new number, though,” Sarah said. “Anja said she’s only had this number for two months, it isn’t listed anywhere and she’s never been friends with Liz either. And then that timing!”
Glaring at his glass, Joe nodded grimly. “Yeah, that timing… Couldn’t have been more perfect. Calling exactly at a time where she’s got everyone’s undivided attention…”
“You couldn’t plan it this well if you tried to,” Sarah said.
Nodding tiredly, Joe picked up his glass and took a sip. His eyes had strayed off towards the bartender and he was still reflecting on what Sarah had said. 
Suddenly he faltered.
“Shit!” 
He almost knocked his glass over as he set it down on the table again, now looking a shade paler than before.
Sarah frowned at him. “What’s wrong now?”
Instead of an answer he sucked in a long breath that he released a moment later with his lower lip sticking out. 
“I need to go back to the house,” he finally said.
“Why? What’s wrong?” Sarah didn’t get it.
“I just realized something really scary,” he told her. “Maybe she actually really did plan it this way. The timing’s just too perfect to be a pure coincidence!”
Sarah’s look had turned skeptical. “How would she do that?”
Joe blew out a breath. “Remember the list that you e-mailed me a while ago, the one Rick made? Had names, telephone numbers and a draft of the program for the weekend…”
Sarah nodded, her expression proving that she was starting to see the connection.
“The thing is,” Joe continued, “I never printed that list out. Only ever had it in my e-mail account. I had to look for it myself yesterday to… well, to look for a number.” He swallowed. He would probably never need that number again. “Anyways, if she’s got the list, that means she’s been in my e-mail account.”
Sarah raised her eyebrows.
“The password’s not all that hard to figure out,” he said, “And the e-mails I get really aren’t all that exciting. At least I thought so.”
“Okay,” Sarah said slowly. “Guess she found an interesting one after all… But why do you have to go back to the house? The damage is already done anyway. And you can probably change the e-mail password with your phone, can’t you?”
“Yeah, sure! It’s not the e-mail account I’m worried about, though.” He tensely ran his hands over his thighs. “It’s more that… Well, if she took the effort to get into the e-mail account and pull off what we’ve just witnessed, there’s potential for more. And I’ve unfortunately got a list saved on the computer in the flat – with all my accounts and passwords. Online banking, eBay, Amazon, some other retailers, all with my credit card saved as payment type… You name it…”
“Crap!” Sarah was starting to see the bigger picture.
“Mhmm!” Joe nodded. ”Could be pretty bad if she finds that! I mean, I’m not even sure if she ever turns that computer on anymore. She’s got her laptop and an IPad. But still, it’s there, and if she wanted to find something else to hurt me with, she might start looking there as well.  I mean - I didn’t name the file Passwords, of course. Still, I don’t even want to know what ideas she’d come up with if she found it. So, I need to change all the passwords as quickly as possible. Preferably tonight. Because the talk I had with her on the phone definitely didn’t defuse the situation.”
“Okay…” Sarah still looked puzzled. 
“I’ve got a copy of my password list on the laptop at the house in Innsbruck,” Joe explained, “and I need that list, so I can actually make sure I’ve got everything covered. Are you getting me?”
Sarah nodded darkly. “Yeah, I think so…” 
She would have liked to tell him he was overreacting, but there was a good chance he wasn’t.
Joe pushed his drink over to her. “Guess you’ll have to drink the rest of that. I better not. And can you tell Jack?”
She nodded. “Sure, I’ll tell him.” 
“Are you coming back here then?” she asked as he got up. “Tomorrow?” 
He thought about it for a moment. Then he shook his head. “I kind of doubt it. I honestly don’t think I can take any more of this happy get-together. Not with everything that’s going on with Liz…“
“Yeah, I understand.” Sarah was rolling her straw between her fingers. “I’m sure I can drive back with…” she fell silent when she saw his expression harden. It made her swallow D’s name.
He stepped out from behind the table.
“Joe…” Sarah was giving him a searching look.
“What?”
She drew in a deep breath. “Do you want me to talk to… Should I say anything to D?”
He let out a bitter laugh. “Are you kidding me? No, please don’t! You should have seen the look she gave me in there…”
“Okay.” Sarah nodded, irritated at herself for even bringing it up.
His expression softened a bit. 
“It’s not just that,” he said with an exasperated shake of his head. “I just don’t think I’ve got the energy to deal with that right now. Everything is just too screwed up. I can’t handle one girl who’s plain crazy and one that will never forgive me for running off with the crazy one.” There was a little humorless laugh.
“Yeah, I see your point,” Sarah said quietly. Then she got up and gave him a hug. “Drive safely, okay and send me a message when you get there.”
Patting her back, he pulled out of her embrace. “I will.”
~~~
D heard the door of the conference room open and close. 
From the corner of her eye she saw Sarah return to her seat beside Jack. They were sticking their heads together, briefly whispering.
D tried to concentrate on the pictures. Instead, her mind kept spinning around those cold looks she had exchanged with Joe earlier. Her mouth went dry just remembering it. 
She had given him that Go-to-hell look and he had countered it with his best whatever shrug. 
Seeing Sarah return by herself had been a shock. 
She tried to tell herself that Joe had just gone up to his room and to bed. But the nauseating feeling in her stomach told her that he had left for good.
Dark Road Home
Joe threw his bag into the trunk and the small backpack on the backseat and then got on his way.
He realized too late that he had left his glasses in the backpack.
How confused was he already that he didn’t even remember the most basic things? 
His vision without the glasses wasn’t too bad, but things at a distance were a bit blurry, and he still had twenty kilometers of this narrow, winding road ahead of him and it almost looked like there was fog ahead.
Until he could pull over and get the glasses, he decided to just slow down. Under the given circumstances it seemed like the only safe thing to do. 
The car plunged through a patch of fog and then another.
He was still keeping his eyes open for a place to pull over when, suddenly, just a little ways ahead, a big shadow jumped out of nowhere.
Before he even knew it, he had jumped on the brake. The tires were screeching, his backpack flying from the backseat against the back of the passenger seat. At the same time he could see the outline of the deer standing in the middle of the road become clearer and clearer the closer he got. It was big, with impressive antlers and eyes that were staring right at him.
It was one of these moments that just drag on like in slow motion. And you see it coming and there’s nothing you can do. The car was still sliding towards the deer, the brake pedal pushed all the way down, his left hand almost crushing the steering wheel as he tried to get the car as far to the right as he could without going over the edge.
Finally the car came to a halt. Only a fraction of a second before the expected moment of impact. 
He found himself literally eye to eye with the animal, which was still staring back at him with something resembling curiosity. Then, with an almost dismissive shake of its head, it took a quick jump across the road and up the steep, sloped mountainside straight into the forest. And it was gone.
Slumping back in his seat, Joe was panting. With trembling fingers he pushed the button to turn on the hazard lights. 
That had been so close!!! 
His mind had already been jumping back and forth between imagining the impact upon hitting that thing, and picturing diving off the cliff towards the lake…
Thank God nothing had happened! He almost couldn’t believe it.
His hands were still trembling and his heart racing when he reached for his backpack, unzipped it and fished out the case with his glasses. He put them on and took a few deep breaths. Then he steered the car from the narrow shoulder back onto the road.
It took him another twenty minutes on the curvy road, with thick fog in places, until he finally reached the wider main road. 
The rest of the drive would have been uneventful and easy, had it not been for the heavy fatigue that started coming over him once he reached the Autobahn.
He tried to focus, stay awake, but it was a real struggle to keep his eyes open. 
He turned on the radio. 
On high volume… 
He wasn’t really in the mood to listen to music, but he realized that he might need it to keep him awake. The trick was finding a radio station that he could listen to without getting depressed or plain irritated, though. If there was one thing he definitely didn’t want to hear right now, it was love songs. 
He went through different stations. There was Classical, but just three seconds of that would put him to sleep for good. There was Hip hop, but he hated that. Finally a Jazz station came on. He didn’t exactly like Jazz either, but decided to listen to it anyway. At least it would keep him awake without being emotionally charged, sleep-inducing or flat-out annoying.
 ~~~
D had sat through the second round of pictures, experiencing everything through a thick haze.
Thankfully, everyone who had contributed photographic material seemed to have – consciously or not – avoided including anything that would show Joe and her in a way that would indicate romantic involvement. Maybe it wasn’t so much that they had avoided it, but more that there simply wasn’t a lot of these kinds of photos outside her own collections and maybe Sarah’s.
Joe had always been reluctant to display any kind of affection with an audience present or with a camera pointed at him.
With one picture after the other flaring up and then fading into the next, D now started to feel the full effect of what had happened over dinner. It felt like a giant bruise somewhere inside that hurt with every breath she took. A pain that surely wasn’t going to kill her, but that was going to take a while to ease.
Finally the picture show ended and there was a lot of laughter about some especially funny photos of Jack and Carey that had come on towards the end – and a bit of teasing how apparently no one had dared to submit the really embarrassing shots of Rick and Tony pulling down their pants on New Year’s five years ago… When Sun insisted that she was sure she had sent at least one of these shots to Rick, everyone burst out laughing and Rick was accused of censorship – an accusation he denied adamantly.
Finally Jack got up and turned on the lights and Carey stretched and proclaimed that she was going to bed.
Kim, who had actually nodded off during the last half an hour, was blinking sleepily and said that she was going to call it a night as well.
“Yeah, me too,” Tony said and got up too, “But this was great. Really!”
“Man, you can’t all go to bed now,” Rick groaned while unhooking his laptop from the projector. “You’re all like – once the clock strikes eleven, they drop like flies, or what? I’m going to go to the bar and have a nice drink…” He looked around. “In case anyone wants to join me.”
D saw Gerry and Anja exchange looks and whisper to each other, the body language indicating that Anja wanted to go to bed but encouraged Gerry to go ahead and keep Rick company. 
She glanced over to Sarah and Jack, who were currently looking at each other, obviously also weighing who wanted to do what, when Sarah’s gaze suddenly very briefly flashed over. As their eyes met across the room, both Sarah and D quickly looked away again. 
Her heart beating harder now, D spontaneously decided that, whatever Sarah was going to do about the bar-or-bed decision, she was going to do the opposite. Being alone in the room upstairs with Sarah right now would be almost unbearable. Both their heads would be buzzing with everything that had happened over dinner, and at the same time each of them would be struggling to keep it inside, because they simply couldn’t talk about it. At least not to each other…
It would be horrible. And the worst part of it, D realized, was that Sarah probably assumed that she was enjoying the whole thing. Joe being in trouble like this. With all the hostility she had expressed a few days ago when Sarah had first told her that he was coming, it wasn’t far-fetched that Sarah might think that…
“I’m going to bed too,” D heard Sarah say over there.
Okay. Then she would have to go to the bar and sip a drink until there was a good chance that Sarah was either asleep or would pretend to be asleep.
“I’ll join you,” she told Rick – almost simultaneously with Sun and Gerry. 
Jack said he’d do the same but needed to go upstairs first to change into a new shirt after getting some sauce on the one his was wearing during dinner.
~~~
Alone in the elevator with Jack, Sarah glanced up.
“You’re not seriously just going upstairs to change your shirt, are you?” 
He shook his head. “No, not really,” he admitted. “I kind of wanted to have a quick word with you.”
“Yeah, me too, actually,” she said. “It’s hard to tell you anything with everyone around.” Her very short whispered summary in the conference room had probably left him more confused than enlightened. She had only told him that Joe had left for Innsbruck because he desperately needed to take care of some stuff on his computer.
“Do you feel any better after you talked to him?” Jack asked.
“A bit.” Sarah managed a weak smile. “Since he assured me that I won’t be the auntie of some kid that has his smile and Liz’s piercing blue eyes, I do actually feel better.”
“So, he’s sure about that?” 
 They had reached the sixth floor and the elevator doors slid open.
“Sounds like it,” Sarah said as they stepped out into the hallway.
“Well, that’s at least something.”
“And it sounds like he thinks she got into his e-mail account and found the document with the schedule for this weekend and the phone numbers. You know, the one Rick had made. I forwarded that to him.”
“Oh, hence the perfect timing,” Jack said sarcastically and stopped at the door to his room.
Sarah nodded and dropped her gaze to the floor. That carpet had quite a pattern.
“Do we have to worry about D?” Jack asked.
Sarah’s eyes shot up at him. Jack couldn’t know about why D would be especially hard hit by this, or could he?
“About D? Why?”
“Well, you covered for her nicely when she walked out during dinner,” he said with a smile. “But we both know she was perfectly fine when we got here this afternoon, no trace of any medical condition. I would say that that call really got to her…”
Sarah stared back at him.
Jack held her gaze and shrugged. “I guess no matter how much you’re over someone, getting that kind of thing served for dinner is still really hard to digest.”
“Yeah – sure.” Obviously Jack was just worried in general.
“You should probably talk to her,” Jack said, “make sure she’s alright.”
Slowly shaking her head, Sarah raised her hands defensively. “I don’t think that’s a good idea.”
 “Why?” Jack seemed confused.
“Because we can’t talk about my brother. Never could. Never did. Probably never will.”
“What?” Jack frowned. “You’re kidding, right?”
“No. Not kidding. Didn’t you know that?”
“No. I thought you two talked about everything.”
“Yeah, everything but Joe. We just can’t talk about him. It’s just too awkward – given the constellation. I’m his sister, D’s my best friend. Even when they were still together, we couldn’t…”
Jack swayed his head from side to side, obviously thinking about it. “Guess it does make some sense.”
Sarah nodded. “That’s also why telling D that he was going to be here this weekend was a bit of a problem in itself.”
“Oh, is that why you waited for weeks?” There was a teasing tone in Jack’s voice now.
“Yes, that’s exactly why.” 
“Okay…” Jack still seemed to ponder the issue. “But you did talk… well, after he and Liz… After my party.”
“Yeah, well, it was kind of unavoidable then. But even then it was mainly me talking. She didn’t say a whole lot. If you hadn’t already given me a heads-up, I’d probably still be tapping in the dark as to what exactly he had done and why they suddenly weren’t together anymore. She never even told me what exactly she saw in your basement. I mean, not that I don’t have a vivid enough imagination.”
“Right,” Jack nodded. “And it’s not like we really need to know this in any more detail. And by the way, that’s the one thing he and I have never talked about either - and hopefully never will.”
Safety Measures and a Bad Night
When Joe reached the house around eleven-thirty, he was relieved that the drive was finally over. He felt exhausted and the Jazz had really started to get on his nerves towards the end.
As he carried his stuff in and closed the front door behind himself, he realized how weird it felt to be here all alone.
Trying not to let the feeling get to him, he walked into the kitchen and, perched on the table, turned his phone on. There was a text message from Steve.
She’s okay. Mad and irrational but not suicidal. 
Didn’t say anything about being pregnant. 
Steve
Joe typed:
 Thanks!
Then he sent Sarah a quick message: 
Drove like a grandma. ;) 
Just got here. 
Joe
After he had turned the phone off again, he went to the fridge, made himself a sandwich and poured a glass of milk. Then he walked upstairs to his room.
Sitting on his bed, munching on his sandwich, he turned the laptop on. 
The file with the passwords was named Car parts. 
Liz might not even open it if she came across it on the home computer, but he didn’t want to rely on that - especially after she had just proved what she was capable of when given the opportunity.
He scrolled through the list on the screen. There were about fifteen passwords and usernames listed alongside the accounts they applied to. He would have to change them all.
First he opened the website that lead to his online bank accounts. These were really his main concern. If Liz got into those, who knew what sick ideas she would come up with.
He checked the balances. Everything looked okay. Thank God! He went into the area with the personal data and made the necessary changes. Afterwards he adapted his list accordingly, before moving on to the next site.
During the following half hour he changed the passwords of every online service on his list. His savings account, the site for his credit card statements, Frequent Flyer account, Amazon, eBay, Dropbox…
He also made sure that no orders had recently been placed with any of the online retailers. Fortunately, there was nothing suspicious.
About ready to shut down the computer, he remembered the e-mail account. He should change that too. Not that the damage hadn’t already been done, but he still needed to make sure that Liz wouldn’t be able to get into the account ever again.
It took half a minute to change that password.  And since he had the account open already, he decided to quickly check the e-mails as well.
There were two unread ones. One from Steve just saying Thanks for the presentation he had forwarded.
The second e-mail was from a customer. Joe forwarded that one to Steve to take care of.
Suddenly he noticed that between these two mails there was actually another one. Strangely enough, that one showed up as read, even though he couldn’t remember ever seeing it, let alone opening it.
One look at the sender and he knew for sure that it hadn’t been there last time he checked. It came from Danielle123@...
Danny. 
The e-mail had been sent today just before noon. 
Titled Robert’s website. The e-mail was short:
Joe, 
here’s the link to Robert’s website.  
D
Staring at the letters on the screen, Joe swallowed hard. Liz had obviously opened this – and then either forgotten to switch the status back to unread or simply not bothered to. His throat feeling very tight, he leaned his head back against the wall. There was no doubt now that Liz had really been in his e-mail account…
He suddenly felt like smashing something! This was just… Grrr!  His eyes shifted down to the screen again where the e-mail was still open. It suddenly seemed like something incredibly precious. Like the sole remaining proof of something probably lost forever. She had sent that when they had still been talking and he had been… happy? Well, he could frame that e-mail because there wouldn’t be any more to come!
He hated Liz! He could feel all his anger and frustration balled up in the pit of his stomach like a rough, big, heavy stone. 
There was a good chance that this very e-mail had set it all off. Liz would have been just absolutely furious to see it. And the very least she would have done, was scroll down further to see if there was either any more of that or anything else of interest. That’s when she had probably come across the schedule for the weekend and the list with all the telephone numbers. 
Thinking about it now, he was almost surprised that Liz had called Anja and not Danny. She could have. The number was on the list. But she had probably realized that, if she called Danny, she would undoubtedly get cut off by Danny hanging up on her, long before she could get the delightful news out. No, calling Anja had been a much smarter move.
Scrolling down through his e-mails again, Joe made an effort to see them through the sick eyes of Liz. Was there anything else that could be dangerous?
When, even after going through the e-mails from the last two months, he couldn’t find anything critical, he clicked on D’s message again and stared at it for a while longer. Wishing he could turn back time. Back to the point when this had been sent. It made him sick to think about it! Could have been… 
He was about to sign out of his e-mail account when he suddenly noticed the little arrow that was next to Danny’s message.
He squinted. What the hell? Had Liz sent a response? 
His hand trembling, he clicked on the sent folder, expecting the worst. But there was no message to Danny. There was one to Liz’s own e-mail address, though. 
She had forwarded Danny’s message to herself? Why would she do that? 
Still pondering the significance of his latest, doubtlessly disturbing discovery, Joe shut down the computer and set it on the bedside table.
He felt beat. 
Totally exhausted. 
And also still considerably shocked at what had happened. 
Made him dizzy to think about it. 
He better try to get some sleep. 
Maybe tomorrow things would look a bit less bleak. 
One could always hope… 
Only that he didn’t quite believe it.
~~~
D was playing with the little umbrella that had come as a decoration with her drink. 
Her second drink. 
She never had two drinks. Because even after just one, she usually felt the alcohol. Tonight was no exception in that respect. She had felt the alcohol (clearly) even before the first glass had been empty. But then she had ordered another one. Because she had suddenly started to feel so nice and cozy – and numb. She was sitting in this comfortable chair, everyone around her was chattering, sometimes saying something funny that even got through to her and would make her giggle. Alcohol normally just made her tired, not relaxed and giggly. Today it did. She was actually enjoying it.
When she had first decided to come along to the bar, mainly to avoid being alone upstairs with Sarah, she hadn’t expected to stay long. It had seemed only too predictable that sooner or later a discussion about Liz’s call would start, and she knew that she wouldn’t be able to sit through that.
But then, right as they had sat down, Jack had returned (in a new shirt) and had laid out the rules for their bar visit, namely that he didn’t want to hear anything about the dinner interruption, because it would really spoil the rest of his evening. Everyone had agreed.
So far, the conversation had gone from praise for the picture show, to the question of what to do tomorrow (take the cable car up the mountain if the weather allowed, play some mini golf, go out for dinner), then Rick had talked some about his experiences working in his Dad’s doctor’s practice that he was going to take over soon, and finally Gerry told some stories of all the troubles they had had remodeling their house.
Unexpectedly, D found herself really captured by the conversations. And even though Joe did flare up in her mind a few times – her stomach knotting every time – she managed to push these thoughts away quickly before they could drag her down.
She took another sip from her drink and finally ate her pineapple slice. 
At some point she checked her watch. It was past midnight already. 
Across from her, Jack was looking tired. Suddenly he looked up and met her eyes giving her a searching look. She managed a weak smile in return and then quickly dropped her gaze to her drink and the ice cubes that had by now shrunk to the size of peas. She stirred them with her straw and watched them swirl about.
Around her, the conversation carried on. Sun was talking about a new next-door neighbor that had just moved in and seemed to be Mr. Grouch himself. This prompted Jack and Rick to dig out their best neighbor stories, some of which D had heard before. 
Already familiar with the stories, she couldn’t keep her attention and her mind from drifting off. 
She glanced over to the bar where the barkeeper was doing something artistic with the shaker. While she watched the content of the shaker being poured into two fancy glasses, and while the conversations around her continued, she became aware of the song that was playing in the background. Older song. From some animated Christmas movie. Kate Winslet? Touching melody. 
So, far she had never really listened to the words. Tonight she did and the refrain really got to her. It was about a lost love. The singer was wondering if the guy she’d been in love with would still be the person she’d used to know if she hadn’t let him go. She wished she could turn back time. Pondered whether – if they’d given it another try instead of her just leaving – they would have had a chance and he’d still be that same guy today. They’d never know… 
As the song kept going, D struggled to keep her expression from distorting. This song just hit the nail on the head. The melody and the lyrics… Just hurt like hell. 
This was exactly what it came down to with Joe. Maybe, if she hadn’t dropped him like a hot potato and left for London, things would have been different. 
They’d never know…
Taking a deep breath and putting on a tired smile, she looked up and found Jack giving her a concerned look.
“Are you okay?” he mouthed while Rick kept talking.
She gave a short nod, her ears still tuned to the music in the background. When the song was over and Rick paused for a moment, she placed both her hands on the table, cleared her throat and proclaimed that she was going to bed. And while the others were still debating if they should do the same or get another drink, she got up, wished them a good night and left.
She had almost reached the elevator when she heard footsteps behind her.
“D, wait…”  It was Jack.
She slowed down and turned around, giving him a half smile from the side. “Going to bed too?”
“Yeah. I better…” he said.
They got on the elevator.
“How are you doing?” Jack asked seriously.
“I’m fine,” she claimed.
“Okay,” Jack said not exactly looking convinced.
D dropped her gaze and nodded. The effects of the alcohol made it hard to think clearly, and she could only hope that Jack wouldn’t start an in-depth talk about things she wanted to keep buried in numbness at least until tomorrow.
For a moment she could feel Jack still looking at her, and she really thought he was going to say something. But then he didn’t.
Up on their floor they said good night and separated.
Jack had already disappeared into his room when D was still standing outside hers, the key card in her hand, trying to fight a big lump in her throat. The music down in the bar had somehow stirred it all up again. She really felt like crying right now. 
Drawing in a few deep breaths, she pulled herself together. She would quickly go to bed and try to sleep. She was tired enough! And with some luck, sleeping on it might make it better.
Finally she swiped the key card and quietly opened the door.
Sarah was sleeping – or at least pretending to be.
Awakenings
Joe was blasted awake at two in the morning by an ambulance racing by outside his open window with the sirens howling. 
It took him a moment to recall that he was in his bed in Innsbruck.
He sleepily opened his eyes and stared into the dark. He felt weird. 
Usually, when he woke up, he didn’t have the faintest idea what he had dreamt. But now, with the very sudden interruption, something from the last dream seemed to still be lingering, leaving him with this amazing feeling. He closed his eyes again and tried to recapture of the dream as much as he could before it vanished into nothing.
In his dream he had been lying on his back on a blanket or something outside, under a tree. It was a sunny day. He was only wearing swim shorts and was looking up at canopy of leaves.
As he felt someone stretch out next to him, he closed his eyes. And felt that someone cuddle up to him; someone’s knees nudging the side of his thigh, a bikini top brushing up against his bare upper arm – just a layer of fabric between his skin and soft breasts. An arm being draped across him, the gentle touch of a palm coming to rest on his stomach just above the waistband of his swim shorts. A warm, soft touch – breath-taking, exciting and at the same time immensely comforting. Fragments of a dream that hadn’t quite evaporated yet.
In a desperate attempt to keep it from fading away, he placed his own hand on his stomach. He could feel his own accelerated heartbeat, his chest rising and falling with every breath. And then, as the dreamy feeling finally vanished, the heartbeat slowed down and the breathing became quieter. 
He knew exactly who this dream had been about. It had been the exact same feeling as last night on the sofa…
A part of him wished he could just go back to sleep and maybe catch up with this dream again. He could enjoy it some more, maybe carry the dream a little further… 
Another part of him was awake enough to realize that dreaming any more along these lines would only make it more painful to wake up tomorrow morning. Given the circumstances, these kinds of dreams weren’t exactly healthy.
He turned to his side and switched on the bedside lamp to check the time. It was two o’clock. 
He switched the light off again. 
He wanted to go back to sleep, not think about anything. But then the talk he had had with Sarah in the bar flashed through his head again. She had asked if she should talk to Danny. Even now it made him cringe to imagine what that conversation would have been like.
He had claimed that, considering everything that was going on with Liz, he didn’t have any energy or any interest to deal with Danny on top of it.  And he had even believed it, too.
Judging from the dream he had just had and the way it had made him feel, he might want to reconsider, though. Who was he kidding?  
And it wasn’t as if his dream had just been some far-fetched fantasy that could never happen for real! Last night on the sofa had been just as good, if not better. He swallowed as the realization that there might never be a follow-up made his throat go dry. 
He drew in a sharp breath and told himself that he shouldn’t think about this now. Things always seemed more dramatic and painful during the night.
Determined to try and go to sleep, he closed his eyes. Forced himself to think of something nice and relaxing. Like a field of flowers, some sheep jumping over a fence… one, two, three, four… twenty-two…
He opened his eyes again and growled to himself. He threw his arms to his sides. There was no way he could just bury this and refuse to think about it! He needed to deal with it! Find some solution! He just absolutely needed to try and fix this thing with Danny. Somehow.
It was total bullshit what he had told Sarah. That he didn’t have the energy!?! What really drained his energy, and he could see that clearly now, was to imagine that it had all slipped away already. He couldn’t let it go like this!
The question, of course, was how to fix it. And if it could even be fixed. When Liz’s call had landed like a wrecking ball.
He huffed out some air through his nose, his mind whirling.
In order to have even the slightest chance of success with whatever he might come up with, he needed a minimum of two things: getting her alone and getting her to listen. Either would be a major challenge. Because she would undoubtedly do her very best to avoid him. And even if he somehow managed to get anywhere close to her, she would never hold nice and still and patiently listen to what he had to say.
And what could he even say? Any good ideas in that department yet?
He rubbed his eyes and stared into the dark. There was another problem too: even if he caught her by herself, and even if he came up with the perfect thing to say, and even if she decided to hear him out, her pride would get in the way. Big time! No matter how much she might want to just sink into his arms in that very moment, she would still deliver a convincing performance of how much she despised him and that she never wanted to see him again. Only by coincidence had he ever figured that paradox out. And despite the fact that he knew about it now, it was – in a heat of the moment situation – extremely tricky to properly determine if what he had before him was heartfelt resentment or just extremely good theatre. Telling them apart was close to impossible.
Joe thought about this for a moment. That was the biggest problem of them all. But then again, there wasn’t much to lose at this point. So, why not just assume that any form of rejection he would encounter, was just an act. If, in the course of his endeavor, he happened to mistake authentic resentment for well-disguised affection, so be it!
Having come to this conclusion, he felt somewhat relieved. It might be a stupid plan, but at least it was a plan. And now that he had a plan, he could try to go back to sleep. He would definitely need all his energy come tomorrow.
Turning to the side, he yawned and closed his eyes. Another one of those dreams might not be bad – just as an inspiration…
~~~
D woke up when Sarah closed the bathroom door.
With her memory immediately kicking in, the events of the previous evening flashed by and her stomach consequently felt as if she had swallowed a monstrous piece of chewing gum.
If she could only pull the blanket over her head and hide here for a day or two – or however long it would take for this horrible feeling to subside. 
If someone had told her yesterday morning how she would feel today… Just thinking about yesterday morning made her feel incredibly choked up: Joe coming into her bedroom to wake her up.
For a moment she considered driving home right after breakfast, or even before. She could claim that she was sick and leave. It would be suspicious to everyone, of course, especially Jack and Sarah, who usually had a very good eye for suspicious things. Plus, being home alone and having time to brood over this without any distractions until Monday might make her feel even worse. She was probably better off staying here and immersing herself in whatever the others had planned for today.

When Sarah came out of the bathroom fifteen minutes later, her hair still a little damp, D had halfway pulled herself together and was sitting on her bed, reading (or pretending to read) a book.
“Good morning,” she said, glancing up at Sarah and trying for a smile.
“Hey,” Sarah said, “When did you get to bed?”
“Around twelve-thirty,” D said lightly and put the book aside. 

Watching D pull back the blanket now and slide her legs out of bed, Sarah tried to evaluate the overall condition her friend was in. It was hard to tell. Had she not known what she did know in regard to Joe’s blue sweater, she would probably think D was in a perfectly normal mood and just a bit tired from having been up late. 
So, even if it was just acting, the acting was good. And, in a way, Sarah was glad to find D up and about and smiling (even if with questionable authenticity). She had no idea how she would have handled anything else.
“Why don’t you go ahead for breakfast?” she heard D say. “It’s going to take me a while. “
“Sure…” Sarah realized that that probably was a good idea. For them both. 
“I could wait, though,” she offered anyway.
“Na, go ahead,” D insisted.
“Okay…” Sarah kneaded her hair a bit more. “I’ll see you downstairs then.”

After Sarah had left, D went into the bathroom and locked the door. She was going to give herself twenty minutes to get ready and appear in the breakfast room with a smile and stable enough to get through the day without any glitches or breakdowns. She needed to pull this off!
With the water temperature turned to something that was neither too hot nor too cold, she just let it rain down on herself for a while.
She had been determined to keep her spirits up and to avoid thinking of Sarah’s brother at all cost. Her mind had slipped right back to that, however. There was nothing she could do about it. 
Rewinding her brain to a point before the grill party hadn’t worked at all. The scenes from her two evenings with Joe were flaring up now, one after the other, having a choking effect. The fury she had felt last night had given way to something much more complex. There was still burning anger, but it was more at herself for tapping into this situation in the first place. Then there was pure hatred for Liz. And, as much as she wanted to say the same about Joe, it simply wasn’t true. She would have loved to hate him. But, unlike last night when she had been kind of convinced that he had just been playing a game with her in order to trick her into what had happened on the sofa, she wasn’t so sure about it anymore today. A small part of her even kept insisting that he may have been honest… 
Tipping her forehead against the tile wall, she struggled to keep herself from coming apart. But it was just the hardest thing to accept that she had lost it yet again. That thing… That rare something that she had only ever had with Joe. Something she had almost forgotten even existed. Something she had never ever had with Pete – or anyone else for that matter.
Living without it had been okay and would have probably continued to be okay if she hadn’t, over the past three days, been reminded of how it felt. 
From the moment when Joe had asked her Wednesday night if she wanted to sit in front, it had been there. Boom! This chemistry that could just knock you off your feet.
Casual touches that made your skin tingle and your heart stop. An amazing closeness that was intense and relaxed all at once and that just worked – without words.
She gasped and balled her hand to a fist. She needed to get him out of her head! As fast as she possibly could! 
And, who knew, maybe she would eventually find someone else whom she clicked with even more. Or she would just, over time, forget again what it felt like and would be content with a lot less…
Feeling the bile creep up her throat, she gave up fighting tears. If there was a time and place to let go, it was here in the shower where no one could see her and the tears would just be washed away by the water. And with some luck she would get this out of her system for the rest of the day.
~~~
On her way down to the breakfast room, Sarah checked her phone. There were no new messages from Joe. He had arrived alright and that was the main thing, of course, but she had a really bad feeling. It wasn’t good that he was all by himself at home. He wasn’t exactly the kind of person who easily got depressed but she could see how the current developments could get even him down pretty badly.
She stopped just outside the breakfast room and sent him a short message.
 Let me know how you are. Don’t let this get you down! Do something fun! Let me know if I can do anything. 
Sarah
 In the breakfast room, Anja, Sun and Rick were already in the midst of having breakfast. Sun looked very tired, and Sarah concluded that she must have been at the bar too long last night.
She got some coffee, piled a roll, some ham and cheese and scrambled egg on a plate and then joined the others.
“Jack isn’t up yet, huh?” she asked.
Rick shook his head. “I’ll wake him up when I go upstairs. Because, if we want to take the cable car up and go for a short hike, we should probably leave in an hour at the latest. Is D up?”
Chewing, Sarah nodded. “She’s coming.”
“Good.” Rick seemed content. “Carey, Tony and Kim have already had breakfast, so we’re in good shape!”
“Have you heard from Joe?” Anja gave Sarah a concerned look across the table.
“Got home alright,” Sarah said, “No other messages. But that’s just him.”
“So, he just went back to your place?” Gerry sounded relieved. “Not back to that crazy woman?”
“No,” Sarah shook her head. “Just back to Innsbruck.”
Gerry nodded with a sympathetic smile but didn’t press for more details. And neither did anyone else.

They spent the morning taking the cable car up a mountain, took a forty minute hike to a small restaurant with a great view, had lunch there and then returned to the valley.
At one o’clock they arrived back at the hotel and decided to go and play a round of minigolf there.
During their trip up the mountain D had overcome the dazed state she had been in during breakfast. The walk on the mountain had felt good. And with everyone around her laughing and joking, her mind had cleared and she had sometimes even found herself laughing along.
All in all, she had managed relatively well to keep at bay the choking feeling that she felt each time Joe crossed her mind.
As they lined up around the first minigolf obstacle now, she found herself briefly struggling again. Her thoughts were about to drift off to the dark side of her mind, but once Carey took her third horrible shot, D’s attention snapped back to the fun side of the day. One would have had to be dead not to find this funny. 
With the exception of Jack, everyone in their group played unbelievably badly, which was commented on by the ones not currently swinging the club with scathing, teasing remarks and lots of laughter. And the worse they played, the more they laughed. 
And when Rick had such a bad shot that he actually had to dive into the bushes to find his ball, D found herself laughing so hard that it left her feeling light-headed. It was just the most liberating thing. Laughing until you couldn’t breathe… 
It took them a while to finish the course. Once the last ball finally landed in the last hole, which was actually up a pipe and into a small bucket, Rick was hooked. “Let’s play another round,” he urged excitedly. “We’re getting better all the time! Come on…!”
“I didn’t see any improvement,” Carey said with a frown, “and I think I need to go and get something to drink and maybe I’ll lie down for a while.”
“Yeah, me too,” Sun said. “You guys are wearing me out. I’m not used to so much exercise in one day. And of course, I didn’t get to bed until two in the morning.”
“Neither did I,” Rick pointed out. “But do you see me giving up? No!  I can still play!”
In the end, Anja, Gerry, Tony and Jack decided to stay and play another round with Rick, while everyone else headed back to the hotel.
D trailed behind Sarah, Sun, Kim and Carey, who all seemed to be immersed in a conversation about food. Or at least Carey and Sun were.
They all got on the same elevator, with Sun and Carey getting off on the second floor and Kim on the third. Alone in the elevator after that, D and Sarah found themselves engulfed in a tense silence.
“Well, that was fun,” D said just to say something.
“Yeah, really,” Sarah managed a laugh. “Neither of us are minigolf talents, but it was great fun.”
“Jack didn’t do too bad,” D said.
Sarah slowly nodded. “Yeah, I guess, he did alright.”
As they got to their room, Sarah sat down on her bed and D disappeared to the bathroom.
When she came back a minute later, a glass of water in her hand, Sarah was just putting her phone back on the nightstand. 
Only for a brief moment their eyes met. 
D took a quick sip from her glass and walked over to her bed, set the glass down on the nightstand and kicked off her shoes. Then she sat down on her bed.
Across from her, Sarah had kicked off her shoes as well and stretched out on her bed, her arm bent under her head. 
She closed her eyes.
D knew that Sarah had probably checked her phone to see if there was any message from Joe. Her stomach clenched at the thought of him. It was impossible to tell from Sarah’s face if there actually had been a text or not.
Trying to distract herself and to avoid the impression that she was brooding over something, D grabbed the tourist magazine that was supplied by the hotel and started browsing through it. 
If it means anything to you…
They had been like this for three tense minutes now, D sitting on her bed, flipping through the magazine and Sarah stretched out on the other bed, her eyes closed.
No one had said a word.
Sarah was caught in a fierce internal struggle. On one side there was Joe’s orders for her not to talk to D about anything regarding him, on the other side there was her own extreme and growing edginess in this matter – a strange feeling of urgency that something absolutely needed to be done... 
She was having the hardest time keeping her eyes (and her mouth) shut.
From the other bed she could hear D flipping through the pages of the magazine. Judging from the speed at which those pages were turned, it seemed highly unlikely that D actually took the time to really look at them. She was probably just aimlessly flipping through pages here, her mind preoccupied with something entirely different… 
It was driving Sarah nuts. That D just sat there sulking in her horrible little secret, and that there hadn’t been any sign of life from Joe all day. He couldn’t just put his head in the sand and lick his wounds and let D think about him whatever she wanted (which currently probably was, that he had driven straight back to Liz).
Throwing all her good resolutions overboard, Sarah drew in a deep breath and cleared her dry throat.
“Hey D,” she said, opening her eyes and looking over to her friend on the other bed. “About Joe…”
Upon hearing her own name, D had questioningly glanced up from the magazine. The moment Sarah had dropped Joe’s name, her expression had frozen into a guarded mask. 
Keeping an eye on that mask, Sarah turned to lie on her side and propped herself up on her elbow.
“He only went back to our house,” she said plainly.
What followed was an eerie silence and a staring contest of sorts. Sarah could feel her heart like a drum inside her chest, but then decided to just carry on. 
“He didn’t…” she interrupted herself, suddenly having changed her mind regarding what to say. “Seems like Liz has gotten into his e-mail account,” she said matter-of-factly. “And he had to go home and straighten things out on his computer before she could do any more damage.”
When there still was no reaction whatsoever from D, Sarah gave her a closer look, just to make sure she was still breathing. She definitely was. And one of her hands was balled to a fist and she was looking increasingly angry.
“He didn’t go back to her, if that’s what you’re thinking…” Sarah said while she still could.
D’s eyes had narrowed. “Why exactly are you telling me that?”
Holding D’s gaze, Sarah shrugged. “I don’t know…” she said making it sound more like a question.
“Why are you telling me that?” D asked a little louder. “Why would I care?”
 “Well, if you don’t care, then just forget it!”  Sarah retorted and flopped back on her back again so she could stare at the ceiling.
From the other bed she could hear D exhale. “I don’t give a shit what he–” 
“Good for you!” Sarah interrupted. “I just wanted to make sure we’re all on the same page…”
D slammed the magazine onto the bed and huffed out an angry breath.
It made Sarah turn her head and look at her.
“What did he tell you?” D wanted to know.
Sarah didn’t answer right away. Simply because she was still trying to put together a viable response.
“What did he tell you?” D repeated sharply.
Sarah let out a little humorless laugh. “Oh, he would have rather died than tell me anything,” she said, turning to the side and propping herself up on her elbow again. “But since he was carrying around a sweater that, a day earlier, I had fished out from under your sofa, he probably didn’t see much sense in denying it!”
D swallowed, her expression changing from anger to some form of shock. 
“Great,” she breathed, her gaze shifting to the side for a moment. “Absolutely fabulous!” Suddenly her eyes darted back towards Sarah. “He slept on the sofa, okay?” 
Sarah rolled her eyes. “It’s kind of funny how you both seem to think that’s really important information for me. Was the very first thing he came up with too.”
D looked confused. “Well, it’s not like we–”
“Grrr,” Sarah interrupted, grinding her teeth. “God, are you and Joe actually acting from the same script? I don’t care where he slept, alright? Or if he slept at all.” She shook her head to get rid of the pictures that the mention of we didn’t had provoked in her head.
“Well, I just want to make sure we’re all on the same page here,” D retorted.
“Yeah, thank you,” Sarah grumbled. “To me it’s hard enough to imagine how he even got inside your place. In that context it really doesn’t make a huge difference if he spent the night in your bathtub, in a lawn-chair on your deck or in your bed. One is just as hard to believe as the other.”
D bit down on her lower lip and blinked a few times. 
“Yeah, what was I thinking, right?” she finally said, and there was a real bitterness in her voice. “I must have totally lost my mind there! The stupidest thing I’ve ever done. I agree….”
“That’s not what I meant,” Sarah said with some exasperation. “I was just surprised, because I really thought you’d never speak to him again, that’s all.”
D laughed. A sarcastic laugh. “That was the plan, yeah! Actually, a pretty good plan in hindsight. I should have stuck to it… But–“ She paused for a moment. “Shit, I’m so stupid!!!” Shaking her head at herself, she scooted to the edge of the bed and got up. She went over to the window and looked out.
“It doesn’t have anything to do with your intelligence,” Sarah said softly.
Her back to the room, D just gave a shake of her head.
“Guess it’s not so easy when you’re face to face with him, huh?” Sarah said. “Sticking to the plan, I mean.”
At the window D threw a hand out. “I don’t know… No, it’s not! Especially when he’s…” her voice was cracking. “God, I hate him!”
Silence.
Even though she could only see D’s back at the moment, Sarah had a feeling that her friend was probably fighting tears. But she might actually win that fight – because there was no way she would ever let anyone see her cry over this particular guy again.
“Anyways,” Sarah said, “all I’m saying is that he’s only gone back to Innsbruck and not to Liz, okay? That’s all. End of message.”
Still with her back to the room, D nodded. Then she turned around and leaned against the windowsill behind her. There were no tears.
“Is he…,” Her voice sounded a bit choked up. “He’s not coming back here, is he?”
Hesitantly Sarah shook her head. “It didn’t sound like it last night, no.”
Dropping her gaze to the carpet, D drew in a long breath and slowly released it through her nose. “That’s fine,” she said with a dismissive little shrug. “Probably a good thing!”
Sarah gave her a worried look. 
Nothing was fine here! Or good… No use pretending otherwise!
“D, listen…” Sarah was scrambling for words. “I would really, really hate to get into any new messes between you and my brother but… if it means anything to you that he comes back here…”
D’s expression froze. Then she shook her head, letting out a laugh that sounded a bit shrill. “No, Sarah, I’m not going to call him, if that’s what you’re saying.”
Sarah opened her mouth to respond, but then she didn’t.
“I can’t…” D said as if she was waiting for some kind of absolution from Sarah.
“I hear you, D,” Sarah said through clenched teeth. “But the way I see it, he’s pretty sure right now that you hate him. Which, of course, you say you do, but … Well, like I said, if it means anything to you, you might want to consider letting him know. Send him a message or whatever.”
For a moment D seemed to seriously consider it, but then she shook her head. “I can’t do that.”
Sarah huffed out a resigned breath and shrugged. “Whatever you say!”
“What do you expect me to tell him, Sarah?” D threw out a hand. “Something like, ‘Oh, please come back!!! I’ve learned absolutely nothing from the past, and I don’t give a shit that the bitch you dumped me for is pregnant now’…?”
Sarah stared at her for a moment and then just shook her head. As much as she wanted to, the paternity issue and what Joe had told her in that regard, was nothing she could possibly discuss with D. That was just way too intimate. She had already stuck her head out way too far as it was.
“Forget I even said anything!” Sarah let herself flop back on the bed again, her arms to the side like in surrender.
“Yeah, right,” D muttered angrily. “Like I can just forget that now!”
Instead of any response, Sarah just lay there, her lips tightly pressed together as if to keep them from saying anything else. 
She clasped her hands over her stomach, suddenly aware that she was experiencing a deja-vu. Only that last time they had had this kind of conversation, she had actually managed to convince D to call Joe. And then Liz had picked up the phone...
D had turned to look out the window again. “I think I might go for a swim in the lake,” she said.
“Yeah, why don’t you!” Sarah mumbled. “I’ll have a nap in the meantime…” She closed her eyes.
She heard D walk over to her bedside table, pull something out, probably her bikini, and disappear to the bathroom. She came out two minutes later. Sarah opened one of her eyes halfway and glanced over at where D was just tying the belt of her bathrobe. 
“Okay, I’ll be back,” D said quietly and slipped into her slippers. “Enjoy your nap.”
“Yeah, thank you very much,” Sarah grumbled, “and you enjoy the cold water!”
Going Swimming
She must have nodded off after D had left. When there was a knock on the door, it took Sarah a moment to wake up.
Still drowsy, she rose from the bed and stumbled over to the door. 
D must have forgotten her key.
She opened the door – and found herself looking right into her brothers’ eyes. 
“Joe?” she blinked, her brain slowly coming up to speed. “I thought you weren’t coming back.”
“Changed my mind.” He shrugged, a tense expression on his face. “Sorry I didn’t call.”
Sarah opened the door wider to let him in.
But he just leaned against the doorframe and glanced past her into the room. “Danny’s not here, huh?”
Sarah shook her head. He surely didn’t lose any time with small talk. And he surely didn’t beat around the bush why he was back. Maybe a good thing.
“She went swimming,” she told him.
“When?”
“I don’t know.” She looked at her watch and thought for a moment. ”Maybe ten minutes ago.”
“Where?” he asked and Sarah felt herself reminded of a cross-examination in an American court movie.
“What?”
“Lake or pool? Do you know?”
“Lake…”
“Okay.” He chewed on his lip. “Did she go alone?”
“Yeah,” Sarah nodded, following his train of thought now. “She went alone.”
He nodded, obviously still pondering it.
Then he gave her a crooked, apologetic smile and took a step back into the hallway. “I’ll talk to you later, Sarah, okay?”
“Yeah, whatever!”
She closed the door.
~~~
Jack had been watching TV when he heard a knock on the door, followed by the little click of the key card being used, and then Joe appeared.
“Joe! You’re back? Great! I thought you were…”
“Well, yeah, I’m back,” Joe seemed a little taken aback by the euphoria. “Hey, did you bring any swim shorts that I can borrow?”
“What?” Jack was confused. ”You want to go swimming?” He shot a skeptical glance towards Joe’s braced hand.
“I can go into the water with that,” Joe claimed.
“Okay. If you say so…” Jack frowned. “And you want to go right this minute?”
Joe nodded. “It’s kind of an emergency. And I can’t explain right now…”
“Okay…” The questioning look still on his face, Jack got up and pulled blue swim shorts out of his bag. “Here.”
“Thanks,” Joe had already pulled his T-shirt over his head. “You don’t need these right now, do you?”
“Nope. I wasn’t planning on going swimming right now,” Jack said, still not quite sure what to make of this.
Joe headed to the bathroom and reappeared a minute later, wearing Jack’s swim shorts and just pulling one of the white hotel bathrobes on.
“Sorry about this,” he said as he tied the belt. “You probably think I’m completely insane.”
Jack didn’t contradict.
“Okay, I’ll be back.” Giving Jack an apologetic smile over his shoulder, Joe left.

Scratching his head, Jack watched the door close. What had that been? Had Joe lost it now? An emergency to go swimming in someone else’s swim shorts and with that brace around his hand.
Jack reached for the phone and called Sarah’s mobile.
“Jack?”
“Hi, Sarah! Hey, did you know that Joe’s back?”
Sarah hesitated. She had thought Joe had gone right down to the lake. Must have run into Jack somewhere along the way.
Jack misinterpreted her silence for an inability to talk freely.  “You probably can’t talk with D around, huh? Do you want to come over here for a sec? I’m in my room.”
“No, that’s fine,” Sarah assured him. “I can talk. D isn’t here. She went swimming…”
“Oh, really?” Jack said. “Swimming, huh?”
“I know that Joe’s back,” Sarah said quickly. “I mean, he just came by a few minutes ago.”
“Oh, okay. And you didn’t notice anything… – strange?”
“Did you run into him?” Sarah asked instead of answering the question.
“No, he’s just blown through here,” Jack reported. “Said he needed to borrow my swim shorts for some emergency that involved going swimming right this minute.”  The way he said it, it sounded like a question.
In the silence that followed, Sarah was well aware that there was just no way Jack hadn’t made the connection. And she was scrambling for what to tell him if he called her on it.
But then he only cleared his throat. “Well, I just wanted to let you know that he’s back…”
“Yeah, thanks.”
“Well, I guess we unexpectedly have him back for dinner, then,” Jack contemplated. “That’s good.”
“Mmhh. Let’s just hope no one gets any mysterious calls this time…” 
Jack laughed out loud. “Well, I for my part just won’t pick up.” He paused for a moment and then laughed again. “But I’m probably the last person she would call anyway.”
On the other end Sarah swallowed. That’s right. She had almost forgotten or intentionally blocked out that Jack had been with Liz for a little while too.
~~~
Joe made it to the elevator and down to the spa area without anybody crossing his path. That was a relief, because the fact that he was running around barefoot may have been frowned upon by some hotel guests.
The spa area was larger than he had expected. There were three saunas in the back, a small inside swimming pool and a big hot tub. Up towards the front was the glass-façade construction with the lounge chairs that he had seen from the hill the previous night. 
Located right at the tip of the peninsula it offered a perfect view all around.
Not paying much attention to any of that, Joe left the sun-flooded lounge area through the sliding glass doors. 
Outside, he walked between the many lawn chairs and towels that were spread out on the grass. People were dozing; getting a sunburn; playing cards; chatting; cuddling… 
He took the stairs down to the lake and stepped onto the pier that was built along the shore here. There were a few rental boats tied to it to his left. To his right was another wider pier leading far out into the lake, with kids jumping off at the very end and swimmers climbing up and down on four metal ladders.
His hands tucked into the pockets of his bathrobe, Joe walked about halfway out, his eyes scanning the people on the pier and the heads of the swimmers in the water. 
There were a lot of them. Some close-by, some further away. 
With that many heads to choose from (several of them submerging here and re-emerging somewhere entirely different), and with some boats floating around in-between, it could become really tricky to spot Danny.
The initial, rough idea had been to just catch her while she was swimming somewhere close to the pier or some other structure that one could hang on to while having a fruitful conversation. 
The way things looked out here, he could as well just forget about that. 
She could be anywhere! 
He walked back towards the stairs and then turned around to the lake once again. He felt really discouraged. Even if he suddenly managed to make her out somewhere, how could he possibly catch up with her with that hand of his?
He passed the rental boats again. Undecidedly he looked at them. He could probably rent one, but he wasn’t even sure how much good that would do. Leading a constructive conversation from a boat with a swimmer who was busy trying to swim away from you, didn’t seem promising.
He climbed back up the stairs. 
This had been an idiotic idea to begin with! He better face it!
Unfortunately, it was an idea that was extremely hard to give up. The way he saw it, here and now might be his best or even only chance to get her alone and accomplish anything. Once she was back in her room or even at dinner, surrounded by friends, it would be too late. They would automatically slip right back into the routine of shooting each other cold looks and there would probably be no way out of it.
He stepped back into the spa area with the lounge chairs that were sitting against the window here. Maybe he should just wait here? She would have to come through that door sooner or later, wouldn’t she? In fact, one of the bathrobes hanging on the rack next to the door might be hers. 
Trying to catch her in here was less than ideal, of course. Chances were that – as soon as she saw him – she would storm off. And with so many other guests around, he would hardly be able to hold her back without causing a scene. Still, for lack of any other ingenious ideas, he decided to stick around.
He walked over to a chair which was parked with its back against the window. This chair seemed to be positioned strategically well, as it had a perfect view of the sliding glass door. At the same time it wasn’t the first thing people would see when coming in.
Still standing next to the chosen chair, Joe glanced through the window behind it. Past the lamp and the flag post with the hotel’s flag, out towards the water. 
There was a single person swimming out there. 
He squinted, his heart suddenly beating faster. Could that be her?
He would have needed his glasses to tell for sure at this distance. 
Running his left hand through his hair, he tried to focus on the small head out there. 
Could be her. 
It did kind of look like her.
He glanced out the window to his left, towards the place from where he had called Liz last night. All the benches were taken now. At the base of the hill he could see lots of people on the lakeside promenade today. Only around the boathouse the path didn’t lead directly alongside the lake but behind a big hedge. Right in front of the boat house there was a small pier with a metal ladder. He hadn’t seen that pier last night. It had probably been obstructed from view by the hedge and the boathouse. 
His eyes shot back to the lonely swimmer. If this was really her, he would bet that she was heading for that pier. Glancing back and forth between the swimmer and the pier, he gauged the situation. That was still quite a distance to swim. And even though she had always been a good swimmer, she would definitely need a break once she got there.
His mind racing, Joe considered his options. Running out to the flag post, throwing himself into the water and trying to catch up with her swimming was an option he immediately dropped. He glanced towards the path again. He could always walk. Take the elevator up to the lobby, rush out to the promenade, run over to the boathouse, and crawl under, over or through that hedge… It wasn’t far at all. He could probably make it. Of course, running around barefoot and in a white hotel bathrobe would get him some interested looks from the nicely dressed pleasure walkers out there, but he couldn’t care less about appearances at the moment.
The Stalker
Swimming with strong, regular strokes, D slowly ploughed through the water, glad that she had made it away from the area with the boats and all the other swimmers and the screaming kids. 
She had almost reached the tip of the peninsula with the flagpole that she had seen on her way through the spa area earlier. 
Initially she had planned to swim to this point and then get out here. But she had just spotted the small pier in front of that boathouse over there. It lay in the full sun and there wasn’t a single soul anywhere close-by. So, why not just swim there? It looked inviting. And right now the swimming felt great. The water was just right, not too cold, amazing green color and totally clear.
This swim was the ideal way to work off some of the frustration and anger she was currently feeling with everything that had happened since last night. Including the conversation she had just had with Sarah.
The fact that Sarah knew had almost blown her away. This really, really sucked! And then for Sarah to seriously suggest that she should get in touch with Joe!?! 
She was trying to tell herself that what she felt was mainly anger. It was much better than acknowledging that there was something much more complex and painful. It had something to do with the bruise from last night…
Somehow, while struggling with all sorts of thoughts and emotions she must have started to swim faster. She only noticed it when her arms were starting to get tired. So she slowed down again, concentrating on her strokes and on her breathing. She still had quite a ways to go. The distance to the pier seemed to be a little further than expected. She would definitely need a little rest over there before swimming back.
As she was getting closer to the pier and her arms were starting to feel sore, she considered turning on her back and just floating the rest of the way with her hands and feet paddling a little. That would have meant getting her hair all wet though, and she wasn’t really in the mood to do a hair-drying-styling session before dinner with that pathetic hotel hairdryer. So, she kept pushing ahead, holding her head above water and doing her strokes. 
Finally she was close enough to reach the metal handrail of the ladder that lead up to the pier. 
Huffing out a relieved breath, she grabbed the handrail and pulled herself closer. For a moment she just clung to the ladder, panting and feeling totally wiped out. Her heart was beating like crazy and her upper arms felt like rubber. 
When, after a minute, her breathing calmed down a bit, she probed with her foot how deep the water was. 
Since she could only reach the ground with her big toe when she held her chin up high, she climbed up on the pier and sat down on it with her legs dangling down. 
It felt good. The wood was warm, the sun was shining on her face and the birds were singing on the trees around her. Only from a distance could she hear the voices of the people who were enjoying a Saturday walk on the lakeside promenade beyond the hedge behind the boathouse. 
Her hands wrapped around the edge of the wooden planks, her legs swinging back and forth, D looked down into the water. It was so clear that she could see the rocks on the ground and some fish swimming around. 
She lifted her head again and, squinting against the sun, she glanced over towards the hotel. It looked really pretty – especially with the mountains behind it. 
Keeping her face in the sun, she closed her eyes. 
It was a relief to know that all the rooms they had rented were facing the other way. Therefore there was no danger that Sarah or Jack were looking out of their windows right now, watching her with concern.
Thinking about Sarah made D grind her teeth and try to quickly steer her thoughts into a different direction. 
To London. Yeah, she should think about London. That upcoming trip to London suddenly had something immensely appealing again after having been banned to the back of her mind and the bottom of her priority list for the past few days. Things changed quickly… 
The sudden creaking of wooden planks and the whole pier starting to slightly swing under somebody’s footsteps made her click her jaws in irritation. 
It was really annoying how, the very minute she had started to relax a bit here, some stupid swimmer or walker or fisherman or whatever had to jump out of the bushes and come stomping onto her pier!
Determined not to let this ruin the moment, she kept her face in the sun and her eyes tightly shut. She would just ignore the intruder until he either disappeared again or she had regained her strength and was ready to swim back.
The swinging increased as the person kept coming closer. 
With her eyes closed, D was aware of the motion even more. 
And just as she expected the person to finally pass her, the swinging suddenly stopped.
“Hi there…”
Her eyes flying open, D jerked around. 
For a moment there, both her heart and her lungs seemed to briefly stop doing their jobs.
“I thought you were… gone!” It sounded like a perplexed accusation.
“Well, sorry, but I am back.” Joe shrugged stubbornly.
Without another word, D pushed herself off the pier and submerged in the water. She resurfaced a moment later, her hand reaching for the handrail and her eyes still blinking away water (yeah, now her hair was all wet!!!). 
Just as she pulled herself to the ladder, she saw Joe drop his bathrobe and jumped in as well.
There was a big splash of water right in front of her.
“Okay,” he grimaced as he reemerged and brushed wet hair out of his face. The water went up to his shoulders. “That’s very cold and wet…” 
D shot a frantic look over to the hotel. Her first impulse had been to kick herself off the ladder and swim away. But with her arms still weak, it would have been risky. She considered leaving on foot instead. But climbing up this ladder with his eyes on her, and then walking away in nothing but a wet bikini was no viable escape alternative either. (She could steal his bathrobe, of course, but she would still have to climb up there and bend down to pick it up…) 
“Are you stalking me now?” she asked angrily.
He let out a little, humorless laugh. “To get you alone I actually did have to use my stalking skills, yes.” It occurred to him that a stalker following his victims in bright daylight, barefoot and in a white bathrobe was somewhat absurd, but he refrained from pointing that out to her.
D glared back at him. “What do you want?”
“I need to talk to you.”
She shook her head, dropping her gaze with an incredulous laugh.
“Danny, I–” Joe started, then interrupted himself. “Oh, I forgot, we’re probably back to Danielle, right?”
Her eyes flickered up to him again and she drew in an angry breath. “Just leave me alone…” 
She said it and realized at the same moment that there was one sick part of her that was just so immensely glad to see him... She couldn’t let this part get the upper hand, though!
Ignoring what she had just said, Joe kept a close eye on her, surprised that she hadn’t made some sort of escape attempt so far. He could live with the scathing remarks and the furiously sparkling eyes. What really worried him was that she might try to get away and might do it faster than he could grab ahold of her. If that happened, and if it involved swimming, he didn’t stand a chance. 
“I want you to leave me alone,” she repeated with a snarl.
“I will leave you alone as soon as I’ve said what I have to say, okay?”
“I don’t want to talk to you!” She looked at him coldly. “I actually don’t even want to see you!” She had hoped to sound a little more in command, but it had come out childishly angry.
“I know…” Joe said with some exasperation. “I’m perfectly aware of that!” With his good hand he reached up to the pier and held on to it. “That’s exactly why I had to stalk you…”
D’s look turned from cold to deadly. “If you think you can mock me here…”
“I’m not mocking you, Jesus Christ!”
“Go to hell!”
“Well, yeah… maybe I’ll do that later,” he said, realizing too late that now he was really mocking her.
Sucking in a sharp breath, she raised her free hand out of the water and, for a moment there, he thought she was going to slap him in the face. But then she balled the hand to a fist and slammed it into the water right in front of him that it splattered in all directions.
Rubbing the water out of his eyes, he had to keep himself from laughing. This was so her!
D glanced over to the hotel again, feeling desperate. Maybe she should just swim. Her arms were feeling a little better and she would make it somehow! And if not, drowning might be better than this. Or maybe not…
“I’m not going to talk to you!” she told him. “So...”
“Well, actually you don’t have to talk.” He had just realized that he would actually even prefer it that she didn’t talk because it was kind of demoralizing what she had to say. ”Just listening would do just fine!” 
Her eyes narrowed again and she seemed to be catching her breath to shoot something back, but he was faster.
“I know that you’re angry, okay? And I know exactly how this looks–”
“Oh, really? How does it look, what do you think?” Giving him a narrow-eyed, challenging look, she pulled herself closer against the ladder.
Joe couldn’t help noticing that it was her mocking him now, but he didn’t care. At least she was still here.
“Probably looks like I just run out on my loving, pitiful and pregnant girlfriend, turn off my phone and then lure you into I-don’t-know-what...” 
D raised her eyebrows and nodded, her lower lip sticking out as if she was very impressed with how he had hit the nail right on the head.
“It’s not all that black and white, though, you know,” Joe said darkly.
“Black or white, who cares? Why don’t you just–”
“Why don’t I just what?” Joe leaned towards her a bit.
She gave him a stubborn look back but didn’t supply him with the missing verb to her unfinished outburst.
“Why don’t I just get lost, right?” 
She shrugged, dropping her gaze.
“Okay,” he ran his flat hand against the side of the pier boards. “So, you won’t even listen, huh? Great… But okay. You want me to leave then?”
Her eyes on the water, D swallowed. Something told her that a short yes or even just a nod would be sufficient and he would probably leave her alone for the rest of her life.
“Just say it!” Joe pressed. “Get it over with! Just say it and we can go straight back to Ice age!”
Closing her eyes for a moment, she exhaled.
Joe knew he was pushing it. Even though she hadn’t said it yet, he could already hear it ringing in his ears. Another Go to hell! or Leave me alone! or something of that sort. He was still trying to make up his mind if he would pursue it any further then or just grant her the wish and let it go. (Probably the latter.)
When, after a few seconds she still hadn’t said anything and just kept staring at the water, it dawned on him that she might not be so determined to get rid of him after all.
“You can talk all you want,” she said weakly, the anger and the testiness suddenly gone from her voice, “but it won’t change anything!” There was a wary shake of her head. “I don’t understand why you came back Wednesday night!” Her tone was pained. “That was just just–”
Struggling to keep up with her just having jumped to an entirely different subject, Joe tilted his head. 
“What part don’t you understand?” He relocated his left hand to the handrail right above hers.
She didn’t answer and she didn’t look at him either.
“I actually thought I had made that pretty clear,” he said, not letting her out of his sight. “Why I came back, I mean... But if you need some additional clarification, it’s been the best thing I’ve done in ages. So there!”
He could see her swallow. Then she shook her head and finally raised her eyes to him. “Well, good for you,” she said drily. “Couldn’t you have found a different victim, though? I mean… what kind of stupid game are you–”
“I’m not playing any game here, alright!? And as it happens, I didn’t want any other victim.” He raised his hands above water level to indicate the quotation marks. ”Thanks a lot for that, by the way!”
D released a long breath, her gaze drifting to the side. Why did this have to be so screwed up! 
“What do you even want from me?” A tortured tone had crept into her voice. “You should go home to Liz, get married and take care of the baby…”
”Wow, Danny! What great advice! If you were trying to pack the three scariest words into one sentence, you really nailed it!” Leaning in a bit, he squinted at her. “Or are you serious???”
D let out a bitter laugh, her eyes returning to him. “Personally, I’ve always found the idea of just you and her freaky enough – even without the marriage-part and the baby-part. But that’s just me, you know…”
“Okay, I guess you were being serious then,” he concluded flatly.
“Well, sorry, but I’m just trying to be realistic here.”
“Really? That’s you being realistic, huh?” He gave a dismissive shake of his head.
Unable to hold his gaze any longer, D glanced to the side. Towards the water under the pier, where the light fell through the cracks between the boards.
“Nothing has changed, okay?” Joe said, ”What I told you Thursday hasn’t changed… Okay?” He leaned towards her again, his hand suddenly sliding down the handrail until it touched hers. “Danny?”
The touch lasted a fraction of a second and she moved her hand down further, a pained expression on her face.
“I’ll spare you the details about all the things that are wrong between me and Liz,” he said. “It’s really not pretty and it’s nothing you need to know or that I should discuss with you. Especially because it’s got absolutely nothing to do with you. But you may remember that I told you that it’s over with Liz. More than once. Remember that? I was not playing games with you!” 
He kept his eyes on her even though it distracted him immensely how she kept staring at some point under the pier, making it impossible for him to tell if she was even listening. 
Rubbing his forehead with his braced hand, he decided to continue anyway. “And I’m not going back! Okay? No matter what she comes up with next.”
“I don’t think you have much of a choice,” she said, her voice seriously choked up now.
Joe was torn between relief that, obviously, she was still listening, and frustration at what she had just said. It was starting to dawn on him that he might not be able to avoid telling her at least the most basic facts regarding his issues with Liz. With the pregnancy thing out there, he pretty much had to.
“Okay, about that…” he said, trying to keep this as matter-of-factly as he could. “I don’t know if she’s really pregnant or not, okay? It could very well be, because things such as taking the pill are easily forgotten when you’re too drunk or drugged to remember them.” Despite all good intentions he sounded bitter. “But, even if she is pregnant, it can’t be from me.”
D’s eyes flashed up to him. “Oh, don’t give me that!” she blasted, “You lived with her for how long? Don’t tell me you didn’t sleep with her for months. Not that I even care, but…”
Joe bit his lip. God, did they really have to go there?
“Let’s just say that I, for my part, have been pretty careful with protection, okay? And I know as a fact that I wasn’t the only one… sleeping with her.” He saw D cringe, her hand clamping tighter around the handrail, as he said it, but he really couldn’t help her there. She had pushed for it and he had told her. He could have, of course, skipped the last part, but it did kind of put a finishing touch on the disturbing picture.
D had felt her mouth go dry at his words and the images they provoked in her head.
He gave her an apologetic shrug and a half-smile.
For what it’s worth, he seemed to be honest, at least. And she hadn’t left him much choice but to specify how exactly he could be so sure about the pregnancy.
“Listen Danny…” Stepping a little closer through the water now, Joe placed his hand on the handrail right below hers, his thumb touching the side of her hand. “If you generally don’t want to have anything to do with me, that’s fine,” he said. “Guess I gave you plenty of reasons. But if it’s just because Liz called last night, that’s just plain stupid!”
At the mention of stupid D looked up at him again. She was fighting with herself here. That look he gave her – along with his hand touching hers – made it hard to breathe. She should, of course, pull her hand away. She knew that! She should just switch hands and hold on to the other handrail. But somehow her hand refused to be moved. Apparently, the one disoriented part of her that had been so glad to see him right from the start, had already started to infect other parts of her body and deactivated defense and flight mechanisms.
“I did kind of like the experiments Thursday night,” Joe said with a weak smile. “Even though, they were pretty cruel.”
D tried to focus. The pure thought of Thursday night’s experiments made her head spin. And to make it worse, he was gently running his thumb over the fingers she had wrapped around the metal bar. This was one of those touches. If he knew what effect those had… Maybe Ice age would be healthier!
Joe didn’t seem to think so at all. He moved in even closer. 
Having him stand right in front of her now, eye to eye, caught in his gaze, D swallowed. If he came any closer… Then, she reluctantly admitted to herself, he would have her right back to where he had had her Thursday night.
“Still listening?” There was a hint of a smile on his face as he let go of the railing and softly brushed the back of his hand over jaw.
“Well, who could resist…” she mumbled grimly.
He chuckled. 
“I didn’t plan any of this, okay,” he said and gently slid his palm against her cheek. “My life’s a bit of a mess as you may have noticed. And I’m afraid it may have screwed me up enough that I can’t totally trust myself right now. So, I really can’t guarantee how this is going to turn out – I mean, us…”
At the mention of us, D had turned her head to the side, away from the hand against her cheek. Hearing him say that just stung. There’d been an us before and it had blown up in her face.
She glanced over at the hotel. 
“Well, maybe this is stupid,” she heard him say, his hand back on the handrail now, “but I do think we’ve got something. Probably always have…”
As the words sank in, she turned to look at him, her heart pounding heavily in her chest.
His eyes locking with hers, he blinked and briefly chewed on his lower lip, obviously trying to decide how to proceed. Then his hand returned to her cheek. 
D tensed up as his thumb trailed to her lips. 
That thumb – she should probably just bite it off…
Maybe anticipating something like that, Joe slid his hand back, under her ear, to the back of her neck. “Let me try something here, okay…”
And then, before D could even think about trying to pull away, he had placed his braced hand against her back and moved all the way up to her. Then, without waiting for any form of go-ahead or approval, he gently pulled her against himself.
D gasped. She was well-aware that she should put up at least some form of resistance. Like the gutsy environmentalists that jumped in the way of bulldozers. 
“Joe. Don’t…” It was a weak whisper, with a part of her wishing he wouldn’t listen.
He didn’t. 
He just leaned in and kissed her.
As she felt his lips on hers, she closed her eyes. 
First it was just a light, soft kiss. But when she didn’t fight him, his mouth on hers started moving more intensely… And he pulled her away from the handrail to where she had to let go and put her arms around him for support instead. 
As much as some inconvincible part of her wanted to, there was no fighting him, because the rest of her was already disarmed and totally on his side by now. He was so close, closer than on the sofa and a lot less fabric between them. It made her head spin. His hand against her back, his mouth on hers, his chest against her top, his stomach, his legs… well yeah, and something else.
As she allowed herself to just go along with the kiss, at least for now, she kissed him back. And pretty soon the kiss was starting to spiral off, into some kind of frenzy. His hand sliding against her lower back he pulled her even closer. Her head and her stomach were buzzing, her mouth and her tongue for that matter, in close exchange with his.
Then, in an inhumane effort, she reached back for the railing to pull herself out of his embrace.
He released her almost instantly. 
“Sorry.” He raised his hands in a surrendering gesture and took a step back. “I guess I’m really losing it here! Sorry!” He seemed seriously troubled by his own unforgivable conduct. “I really didn’t mean to–“
D stared at him, feeling strangely lost since he had taken his arms off her so promptly. “I can’t go from standstill to a hundred in half a second,” she grumbled. Somehow it sounded like an apology.
Joe nodded. “Yeah, I know.”
Watching him stare at the water now, D suddenly felt this overwhelming pang of softness. Following an instinct, she just reached out with her free hand and brushed a strand of hair from his forehead. 
She saw him briefly close his eyes as her fingertips touched his face.
“I guess you were right, though,” she admitted quietly, as she dropped her gaze from his face to his shoulder, “There’s definitely something…”
Joe looked back up at her, seeming baffled. Then, with a crooked smile slowly spreading across his face, he chuckled. “Well, as long as we agree on that…”
D nodded. 
She had just spotted the tiny scar on his shoulder that had always been there since the accident. It felt so weird to stand half-naked in the water with someone whose body had once been so familiar. For a moment there, out of some crazy hazardous hunch, she tried to remember what it had been like to sleep with him. It had been long ago. Still, the idea of it made her stomach churn and her knees go weak.
“What?” his voice pulled her out of her sick contemplations.
“Nothing.” Keeping her eyes on his shoulder, she shook her head – and suddenly noticed the little bruises there, next to the scar.
“What’s that?” she asked.
“What?” his eyes flickered from her to what she was looking at and then right back to her. 
“Oh, nothing…” he said lightly and shrugged, while running the thumb of his braced hand over the bruises as if to wipe them away. Then his hand slid back into the water and somehow landed on her hip. 
D glanced up at him, feeling slightly off-balance. A feeling that was only made worse by that look he was giving her. She dropped her gaze again, and, again, the small bruises caught her eye. She squinted. There were four. And the way they were spaced and shaped, they almost looked like fingernail marks.
Her throat suddenly feeling tight, she raised her eyes to his face. And the way he glanced to the side just as her eyes were about to meet his, somehow confirmed it.
Her hand was trembling a bit when she reached out and gingerly placed each of her fingers on one of the bruises, only her thumb being left out.
“Are those her claws?” she asked.
Joe huffed out a dismissive, little laugh. “Just some minor war injuries!”
Shaking her head, D lifted her hand and gently ran her thumb over the little red marks, before lightly cupping his shoulder and the bruised area with her hand.
He exhaled. “Well, now that you’re doing that, I think I’ll survive…”
Maybe it was that remark… the exact same one he had made in regard to the braced hand. Or maybe it was just intuition. 
“What about your hand?” D asked slowly, giving him a searching look.
“What about it?” He made it sound as if he had no idea what she was talking about.
“Is that… Is that a war injury too?”
He let out a weird laugh. “Why would you think that?” 
“I don’t know… Am I wrong?” She was looking straight at him now.
His eyes drifted to the water. Biting down on his lower lip, he finally shrugged.
“Joe?” she said softly, brushing her hand from his shoulder against the side of his neck.
Blowing out some air through his nose, he slowly nodded. 
“Yep…” he said without looking up. “That’s a war injury too.”
“She broke your fingers???”
He scoffed and his eyes returned to her. “Well, actually she was going for more,” he said, “but then she only managed to get those two fingers.”
D stared at him.
Holding her gaze he shrugged. He was looking back at her with a relatively calm expression, almost as if he were waiting for her to get over something he had tried to shield her from.
“But that’s just…” She didn’t even know that to say.
“Yeah, well…” A lopsided smile had appeared on his face. “That’s kind of, why going back there, getting married to her and taking care of a baby together didn’t sound all that great when you mentioned it earlier.”
“God!” she took her hand off his shoulder and rubbed her forehead. “How could you live with that –”
“Hey…” He gave her upper arm a gentle rub with his left hand. “Let it go, okay?”
With a helpless shake of her head she exhaled. 
“Really. Let it go, Danny.” He rubbed her arm again.
Then he gave her an encouraging smile and leaned closer again.
“I’d love to stick around,” he whispered, “but I’m getting kind of cold here. And it’s not just the latest chilling topic. Your lips seem a bit bluish too…” His index finger trailed over her mouth, and he leaned in for a quick, soft, warm kiss.
“Are you going to be okay swimming back?” he asked, his face still very close to hers.
D nodded. (And hoped that she would actually be able to control her somewhat shaky limbs enough to where swimming would be possible.)
Joe reached for the handrail, and she swung to the side and got out of the way, so he could climb up. She avoided looking at him while he did. Even though part of her was dying to have a close look in bright daylight…
Up at the pier he picked up his bathrobe and slipped it on.
“There’s one more thing, though,” he said as he tied the belt.
Surprised by the serious tone, D looked up at him.
“Do you think we could actually save the status quo now?” he said, “I mean, this…” With his hand he indicated himself and her. “I don’t want to get back to the hotel and have to start all over again. So, maybe you could make sure this doesn’t evaporate between now and when we meet again?”
A weak smile appeared on her face. “Would be pretty hard for this to evaporate,” she said.
“Good!” he grinned. Then he glanced at his watch. “We’ve still got two hours until dinner. I think I might use the hot tub back at the hotel. Might be good for you too, just to warm yourself up. So, if you want to meet me there…”
“I don’t know…” 
He laughed. “Don’t worry, I’ll be good! Top secret! And there’s absolutely nothing wrong with the two of us coincidently sitting in the same hot tub, just as long as we’re far enough apart and you give me a mean look, which shouldn’t be a problem…”
“I’ll think about it,” she said ignoring the side kick. “Maybe.” 
With that she pushed herself off the ladder and took her first stroke towards the hotel.

Swimming back turned out to be more strenuous than she had expected. Probably because she had already been so cold. 
She was glad when she reached the tip of the peninsula and could climb out of the water there. Barefoot and with her bikini dripping, she tiptoed on the gravel path around the spa lounge area, stepped inside through the sliding door and quickly grabbed her bathrobe from the rack beside the door. She was shivering when she pulled it on and wrapped it tightly around herself over her wet bikini and her goose-bumps. With the goose-bumps there was, of course, the accompanying problem of her bikini top showing the small elevation of her nipples quite clearly. There was no way she was taking that bathrobe off again and getting into the hot tub now.  Especially since she had already seen through the window that Joe was not the only one in the hot tub. There was Tony, there was Sun – sitting very close to Joe - and there was Rick, just getting in. 
“Hey D,” Rick said, as he spotted her coming closer. “Have you been swimming out there till now?”
“Yep, got a little cold,” she admitted, pulling the bathrobe tighter around herself and catching Joe’s slightly unhappy look. This was surely not how he had planned it.
“You should get in here,” Tony said, “Nice and warm.”
“I know, but I think I’ll head upstairs,” she replied, “I’ll just have a hot shower, and I guess I should dry my hair before it’s dinner time…”
~~~
Sarah was sitting on her bed reading a book when D entered.
“Oh, you’re back,” she said curtly without looking up.
“Yeah.” D closed the door and stood there for a moment, feeling uncomfortable. “Are you’re still mad?”
“I’ve never been mad!” Sarah claimed in a tone that clearly indicated the contrary.
“Listen, Sarah,” D perched on the back of the desk chair. “I know I’ve been… well, I know you just wanted to help. I’m sorry! Really!”
Sarah shrugged jerkily. “It’s okay! It’s not my business what kind of messes you two get yourselves into. I should have kept out of it like I had planned.”
Silence – with D staring at Sarah and Sarah staring at her book.
“I’m glad you didn’t…” D finally said, “... stay out of it.”
Sarah glanced up, her eyebrows raised.
“It did kind of help,” D said with a hint of a smile.
“So, I guess that means that he found you?”
Dropping her gaze to the floor, D nodded. “Yeah.”
“And? Do you feel any better now?”
“I guess. Against all odds and against any good judgment.”
Sarah huffed out a little laugh. “Yeah, well – so it goes, I’m afraid.”
“Yeah… Seems like it…” 
Italian Dinner with Friends
For dinner they took a nice twenty minute walk along the lake into one of the little towns. 
Rick had reserved a table in an Italian restaurant.
They had met downstairs in the lobby, and everyone had been quite excited to see that Joe was back. 
Looking a bit uncomfortable, Joe had issued a quick statement along the lines of: ‘As you can see, I’m back. Had to take care of some stuff at home. Don’t want to go into detail of my personal mess with Liz, but it’s definitely not the way she made it look last night. Sorry about that…’
As a reaction he’d gotten an encouraging smile from Rick, Sun, Gerry and Anja; a pat on the back from Jack and an affirmative nod from Sarah. Carey was still eyeing him skeptically and D was trying not to meet his eyes at all as that might prove dangerous, but all in all his being back had boosted the mood considerably. 
~~~
As they entered the Italian restaurant and the smell of pizza, garlic and oregano filled the air, D suddenly felt how hungry she was. She hadn’t eaten much ever since the aborted dinner last night.
Sitting down at the large, round table, she ended up right across from Joe, Jack and Sarah again.
This was a bit nerve-wrecking. Functioning normally and unsuspiciously with Joe around in this environment was hard enough as it was, but knowing now that Sarah was probably keeping a close eye on everything, made it even harder. 
The waiter came and gave everyone a menu.
D didn’t really need to look at it to know that she’d have pizza Hawaii. She opened the menu nevertheless just to have something to stare at.
While the others were flipping through their menus and trying to make up their minds, she couldn’t help pondering something that had happened in the hotel room forty-five minutes earlier:
She had stepped out of the bathroom after drying her hair, and Sarah had looked up from her book.
“Your phone just beeped,” Sarah had said. Probably a message – from Pete… or my brother…”
A little annoyed D had taken the phone and checked the message:
Any way I can catch you alone this evening? If I come up with something top secret? Joe
“Not from Pete…” she had said matter-of-factly and typed in an answer:
Fine, 007.
“Good!” Sarah had said from the other bed. “Glad it’s not Pete…”
~~~
Joe didn’t enjoy dinner very much. He tried hard not to appear too uninterested, but he just couldn’t help it. While the others were babbling about all sorts of things, his mind was preoccupied producing a variety of ideas how a secret meeting with Danny could possibly be accomplished tonight. So far he had had to scrap every single one of those ideas right after they had popped up, however. It was annoyingly complicated.
He looked across the table where she was laughing about something Carey had said. 
He glanced to his right and found Sarah watching him.
Man, how he hated her breathing down his neck all the time. What he would give for her to instantaneously forget… (In fact, he wished he had Men in Black’s little memory eraser wand to use on her.) He knew he was doing Sarah wrong, of course. She didn’t mean any harm. She had even wanted to help. He knew that perfectly well. But he really didn’t want her help. He needed to take care of some things with Danny, and it might require some methods that Sarah surely wouldn’t approve of. (A kiss as a means of persuasion, for example.)
“Does anybody want the rest of my pizza?” D asked from across the table and pointed to the pizza piece that was left on her plate.
“I’ll see what I can do…” That was Jack.
D handed him her plate and took his empty one in return.
Watching the scene, Joe felt a pang of irritation. The way Jack had just taken that plate and touched her hand in the process… 
He suddenly remembered the conversation he had had with Jack.
About the friendship Jack didn’t want to ruin. 
He had almost forgotten about it, but there it was again! And it seemed even clearer now: that Jack might be in love with Danny! They came to parties together; she dished up his salad for him; he called her in the middle of the night; they traded leftover food like an old married couple…
Joe knew that she trusted Jack. Probably much more than she would ever trust him again. And if Jack was in love with her, it was probably only a matter of time before he would throw all reservations about the wonderful friendship overboard and go for it.
Joe took another quick gulp from his glass trying to wash away the bitter taste that had suddenly appeared in his mouth.
Jack’s taking the rest of D’s pizza led Gerry to comment on how he used to be slightly overweight as a kid because his two older sisters kept feeding him their leftovers.
“Poor Gerry,” Anja said and rubbed her hand over his belly.
“Yeah, poor me! Thank God I have a wife now that eats most of her food herself.”
“Oh, was that a requirement?” Anja teased.
“Of course!”
Gerry went on telling some other stories about growing up with his two older sisters. 
Kim held against it that her two older brothers had probably been far worse than those sisters. 
This triggered an avalanche of comments from everyone who had a sibling, and finally even Joe felt inclined to share with his friends that, as far as he was concerned, life with just one slightly older sister could be quite traumatizing as well.  He was just in the middle of proving his point with some colorful anecdotes when Sarah kicked him under the table and started dishing up some stories about life with her younger, out of control Casanova brother…
It was almost nine when they paid and started discussing how to continue the evening.
D shot a look across the table where Joe was busy typing a message into his phone.
“I want to go to a place where I can dance…” Sun said dreamily.
“Yeah, music wouldn’t be bad,” Jack agreed. Beside him, Sarah nodded. As both of them now looked at her, D shrugged. She really didn’t feel much like going out, and even less like dancing – especially since she definitely wouldn’t be able to dance with the one she wanted. But it was probably too early to call it a night.
Rick asked the waiter if there was a good place around town that had music. He promptly got the name of a pub just ten minutes away.
At the same time Tony suddenly remembered a nice-looking bar he had seen on the way over. He and Kim were going to try that place.
Carey decided she’d joined them.
Jack looked at Joe. “You’re coming with us, right?”
Joe placed his phone on the table and looked up. “Na, actually… call me boring, but I think I’m going back to the hotel. I’m just really tired. Didn’t sleep a whole lot last night – for obvious reasons.” 
There were some understanding looks and nods from various people.
“I’ll walk back with Joe then,” Anja told Gerry. “I’d like to call Dad before he goes to bed and see how Mom’s doing. You should go with them, though.”
Gerry didn’t seem convinced.
D, for her part, was still not sure what to do. 
She glanced over at Joe. 
And, for a very short moment, he met her eyes. 
Then, while turning to Sarah and telling her something, he innocently tapped his hand on his phone on the table.
Intuitively D reached for her own phone in her purse and pulled it out enough to see that there was a message. From him.
Go w S and try to escape in 30 min or so. Let me know if it works.
~~~

As they walked through the pedestrian area of the little town in search of the pub the waiter had recommended, D realized that, whichever excuse for going back to the hotel she would come up with, Sarah would never buy it. But that was probably okay.
They found the pub after a few minutes, and it turned out to be crowded and very, very loud. 
Determined, Rick and Jack headed inside anyway, with the others trailing behind. 
With all the tables being taken, they ended up standing around one corner of the bar. 
Jack was trying to get the attention of one of the bar keepers.
D watched him, feeling increasingly uncomfortable. This place was way too crowded, and there was still more people coming in – pushing and shoving from all sides.
The band was good, but incredibly loud and the air was stuffy. 
Jack had just turned around halfway, yelling what everyone wanted to drink.
Sarah was shaking her head.
“I don’t want to stay here,” she yelled at Jack.
“Neither do I!” D shouted from her end.
Sun and Gerry were grimacing as well.
Jack shrugged and questioningly pointed to the exit.
Everyone nodded.
~~~
“God, that was loud,” Sarah sighed once they were all outside again.
“Yeah, really,” Sarah shook her head. “And you could hardly breathe with that many people…”
“We could go and see what the place that Tony and the others went to is like,” Jack suggested.
Rick nodded. “Yeah, let’s do that. I think I know where it is.”
“I’ll pass.” That was Gerry. “I’m kind of tired.” 
“I’ll go back with Gerry,” D said, relieved about this excellent opportunity to get away. “But you guys have fun!”
In an attempt to avoid looking at Sarah, her gaze drifted to Jack, who looked back at her with a somewhat puzzled expression as if something had just crossed his mind.
“Oh, you two wimps,” Sun teased.
“Yeah, really…” Jack agreed absent-mindedly.
Boat Ride
On the way back to the hotel Gerry gave Anja a quick call. 
While he did that, D got out her own phone and sent a short message:
Escaped. 
In the elevator she said goodbye to Gerry on the fourth floor, then checked her phone again on her way up to the sixth. There was a new message from Joe:
Let’s meet at the rental boats.
She sent a quick reply: 
OK. Just getting a jacket.

She had to ask the receptionist where she needed to go.
The guy smiled. “Oh, you’re looking for the young man that just picked up the key? Normally we don’t rent the boats out at night, but…” He gave her a conspiring smile and told her to go outside, walk around the hotel towards the spa area and then head down the stairs to the piers. She realized it must be somewhere close to where she had started her swim in the afternoon.
Outside, it was getting cooler and she was glad that she had brought the jacket. 
The path around the hotel was well-lit, but once she reached the stairs that lead down to the piers, she had to watch her step, because one of the lamps had a burned-out bulb.
She spotted Joe at the bottom of the stairs, sitting on a wooden box that probably held boat supplies.
“Hi there!” He got up. “You got away faster than I thought…”
“Yeah. Gerry left too.”
As she reached the bottom of the stairs, Joe was just stepping into the unlit corner between the stairs and the wall the pier was built along.
“Where are you going?” D asked.
“I’m retreating into the dark,” he whispered with a chuckle.
“Oh, really? And why would you do that?”
“So no one can see what I do with my unsuspecting victims.” He reached out, grabbed her arm and pulled her closer.
She couldn’t help laughing as she stumbled forward and caught herself against his chest. 
“Was that plural?” she asked. “Are you waiting for someone else?”
“No, just you.” He wrapped his arms around her.
“And why would you think I’m unsuspecting?”
“Well, aren’t you?” He pretended to be disappointed.
She huffed out a laugh and dropped her gaze. “Are you kidding? I’m actually expecting the worst.”
“The worst being what?” He ran his palms up her back to her shoulder blades.
“Oh, I don’t know…” She might still sound joking and cool, but the closeness and that touch literally made her knees weak. 
“Tell me,” Joe insisted with a grin while leaning in a bit, his face dangerously close to hers. “I need to know how high the expectations are.”
He pulled her even closer.
And with her body pressed against his now, it suddenly hit D how familiar this was. So long ago and still so familiar. In a way that was both painful and scary.
Swallowing hard, she turned her head away. If he hadn’t had his arms around her she would have probably pulled away.
Clearly sensing the sudden change in dynamic, Joe ran his hands down her back and leaned the side of his head against hers. 
“Can we please not do that?” he whispered close to her ear.
“Do what?” she asked quietly, even though she kind of knew what he meant.
“Take three steps back just right after we’ve managed to take one forward this afternoon.”
“I’m not…” she claimed weakly.
He pulled away a bit so he could look at her. “Sure about that?”
She briefly closed her eyes and shrugged. Her mouth was too dry for a verbal response.
“Hey,” both hands on her shoulders, he tilted his head and gave her a crooked smile. “You said it’s not going to evaporate.”
“It hasn’t…”
“Well, good…”
He leaned in, the tip of his nose softly touching up against hers, his arms sliding around her again. His mouth already close to hers, he chuckled. “Not going to fight it, huh?” 
Then he kissed her. A short, soft, warm kiss.
“Against good judgment…” she mumbled and moved her hands up to his face and into his hair just as his lips touched hers again, for another kiss. 
D just let it happen. Her head buzzing and her stomach tingling.
This was it. The perfect kiss!
She had blocked out – for a long time – that kisses like this actually did exist. Because with Pete they didn’t. They never had. And then Joe jumped back onto the scene, grabbed her and kissed her and it was still… perfect. 
It just worked. 
Warm, easy, playful, effortless. 
No awkward mishaps, clumsy touches, forced tongue work, embarrassed giggles. 
This was the kind of kiss that had the potential of a highly addictive drug. And there was a good chance he knew it.
Joe could feel her mouth move against his (and her tongue for that matter), her hands in his hair and her body so close, and it made it inhumanly hard to focus on the actual agenda he had for this meeting. But he really needed to focus! 
Focus, focus, focus!!! 
He ended the kiss. Sucked in a quick breath. And felt her do the same. 
Leaning his forehead against hers, his arms still wrapped around her, he tried to recall the initial plan. It hadn’t included making out on the pier the minute she came down the stairs – even if, right now, that seemed like a highly attractive alternative. Much more attractive, in fact, than getting on a paddle boat with seats so far apart, that even holding hands would be a challenge.
Still, the boat ride was the perfect opportunity to be alone with her in a place where no one could suddenly barge in, and where she couldn’t just get up and leave if she didn’t like what he told her. 
There were still two things he really needed to tell her, and chances were she wouldn’t like either very much. Until those two things were out of the way, he should probably not take this physical thing any further. 
But then he couldn’t resist. He leaned in and brushed his cheek against hers, placed a kiss against the side of her neck before gently biting her earlobe.
“What’s that?” she pulled away, giggling. “The alligator striking again?”
“Yep, very dangerous!” He pulled her back into a close embrace. “You better be careful around these murky waters.”
“I know,” she said, glancing up at him, “I already encountered a really freaky and dangerous creature this afternoon when I went swimming.”
“Oh, you did? Didn’t hurt you though, did it?”
“Let’s just say I got away just in time. Or maybe I didn’t seem tasty enough.”
Joe laughed out loud. “Na, I would kind of doubt that!” He bit her earlobe again and finally released her. “Okay, let’s go on a little boat ride.”
He turned to the boats that were each tied to the pier with a padlocked chain that was pulled through a ring in the bow.
“I think it’s the last one. Number four…” Joe said and pointed towards the end of the pier.
D followed him.
Squatting in front the boat, he grabbed the chain with his braced right hand and pulled on it until he found the padlock.
D watched him fiddled with the lock and a key he must have gotten from the hotel. Precision movements like this seemed to be quite a challenge with that brace around his right hand.
“Let me do it, okay?” she squatted beside him.
“Are you saying I’m too disabled?” He pretended to be devastated.
“Well, if you drop the key, we’ll probably have to spend the night diving for it,” she said with a smile and took the key out of his hand.
“Yeah, we definitely don’t want that,” he laughed and got up, casually running his hand over her back in the process.
It was touches like that that got her every time. Now it was her, struggling not to drop the key…
She unlocked the chain and freed the boat. Then she got up and handed him back the key.
“Did you bribe them?” she asked as she climbed on the boat.
“Not really,” he lowered himself into the other seat,  “but they’ve got a copy of my driver’s license and my credit card number. If we sink this thing, I’m ruined…”
D laughed. “Then we better try not to sink it!” 
She took her sandals off and placed them in the middle console.
“Why don’t you steer,” Joe said and nudged his braced hand against the lever between them.
“Now I come down here thinking you’re taking me out on a nice comfortable boat ride,” she said, shaking her head with mock indignation, “but instead, I get to sit on these hard plastic seats, I have to pedal, and now you even expect me to navigate this thing?”
“Yeah, now look what you’ve got yourself into!” He smiled triumphantly. “I surely wasn’t looking for a pampered passenger but someone I could exploit properly.”
With a playful frown she grabbed the lever and adjusted it so they wouldn’t hit the pier as they backed out of the parking position.
“Which way do you want to go?” she asked as she turned the boat away from the pier.
“Entirely up to you,” he said. “Just try to avoid the rocks and the icebergs.”
“Yeah, I’ll be careful,” she assured him. “With a disabled passenger like you I better make sure we don’t have any accidents.”
Joe gave her an exaggerated frown.
She smiled. “I mean - if we capsize here – considering the shape you’re in. I might end up having to rescue you.”
“Oh, come on, I’m not that…” he started, but then he broke off and gave her a surprised look. “Oh, so you would actually try to recue me, huh?”
D laughed. “I’ve saved all kinds of creatures from drowning – a cat, two birds, several bees, one tiny lizard…”
“Oh, okay.” Joe nodded. “Thanks for putting it into perspective!”
“Welcome.” She gave him her best smile. Then she looked around. “Maybe we should head over to the other side of this,” she pointed towards the spa area at the tip of the peninsula. 
“Back towards the pier where we were this afternoon?” he asked. “That’s not very exciting, but I guess, since we’re on a top secret mission here.”
D adjusted the lever and they pedaled for a while in silence.
Once they had made it around the peninsula, the big flag flying softly in the breeze, Joe stopped pedaling.
“Giving up already?” She managed to sound calm and cool, although she was suddenly feeling kind of anxious. 
“Yeah, time to float and recover…” Joe leaned back and crossed his arms behind his head. 
“Nice night…” she said, looking up at the sky.
“Yeah.” He gave her a quick glance. “And the company is pretty nice too.”
She pulled her feet up on her seat. 
“Now, a falling star wouldn’t be bad,” Joe said and turned to her.
What he found was her expression hardening into a guarded mask. 
“What?” he asked, confusedly.
Avoiding eye-contact, she shook her head. “Nothing.”
“Don’t believe in the making a wish thing?” 
She let out an unhappy, little laugh. “The few times I tried it, it sure didn’t work.”
Even though he was not a mind reader, her tone and the way  she was staring at the water, made him realized that, whatever she’d wished for at the mentioned occasions, might have been about him. 
So, there it was again: the undeniable and inerasable reality of how much he’d actually hurt her. Her mind was probably rattling through the entire list of reasons right now of why getting involved with him again on any level was just wrong.
“Hey, Danny.” He reached over and nudged her shoulder with his braced hand. “No evaporating, okay?”
Blowing out an audible breath, her gaze travelled up to him again and finally, her mouth curved up in a hint of a smile.
He smiled back. Relieved. “When I decided on the boat ride I had no idea how far apart those seats would be,” he said.
“Yeah, you really didn’t think that through well enough, did you?”
Joe chuckled. “I actually wanted an electric boat with a narrow, cushioned shared bench, but apparently those boats are put to sleep in the boathouse at eight and not even a platinum credit card and a big tip would have gained me access to one of them. So, I had to go with the paddle boat.”
“Oh, that’s why.”
“Yeah, that’s why.” 
There was a brief moment of silence with both of them gazing out towards the water.
“Joe,” D suddenly said seriously, “What is this?”
“What do you mean?”
“Why are we here?” she specified. “What’s the purpose of floating around in this boat?”
He shrugged, his gaze at the boathouse straight ahead. With his braced hand he traced the edge of the middle console between them. 
“There are two things I need to tell you,” he finally said with a cautious glance over at her.
“Sounds dangerous,” she said tensely and dropped her gaze to her feet.
“Just hear me out and don’t bite off my head before I’m done, okay?”
She glanced up again for a moment and let out a little, nervous laugh. “Oh, is that why you took me on a boat ride? So I have to sit through it, and I can’t even reach over to kill you because the seats are so far apart?”
“That’s part of it, yeah.” 
“Okay…” She exhaled.  
Joe cleared his throat. 
“Sarah knows…” he started then. “She… well, she knows that I was at your place those two nights. There wasn’t much I could do, really. It was like – crazy. I had my sweater in my hand and she’s like – staring at it and then she goes, ‘Oh, I pulled that out from under D’s sofa the other day’… I mean, what was I supposed to say at that point?” He exhaled. “So there. If you wanted top secret, I guess I blew the cover.”
For a moment she didn’t say anything, then she nodded. “I know that she knows,” she said, leaning her cheek against her knee and curling her hands around her bare feet on the seat.
Her reaction came as a surprise to Joe. He had been prepared for her to get upset, possibly even reach into the lake and shovel a load of cold water over his way. 
“Oh,” he said, not sure how he felt about this now.  “You already know that.” He let out a dry little, laugh. “She can obviously never keep her mouth shut!”
“She was kind of trying to help,” D said.
“Yeah, I bet…” He angrily shook his head.
 D lifted her head and straightened up. “Well, until she told me that you had only gone to Innsbruck I kind of thought you’d run back to Liz. So, you may even want to thank her.”
Joe coughed. He was definitely not going to thank Sarah…
“She just wanted to help you, okay,” D insisted. “She even tried to convince me to… well… Anyway. She said you weren’t coming back.”
He raised his eyebrows. “She tried to convince you to do what?”
“Nothing!” D shook her head and looked away.
“No, not nothing,” Joe pressed suddenly slightly amused. “Tell me!”
“Grrr, you’re just…” She shot him a quick glance. “She… well, she wanted me to let you know if it meant anything to me that you came back.”
Joe let out a laugh. Not a very happy laugh. “Like that would ever happen…”
Her eyes darted back to him. “What? That it means anything to me?”
“No, that you’d actually admit it.”
She had already opened her mouth to protest. But then she didn’t say anything.
“I’d told Sarah to keep out of it,” Joe said darkly, “And I wasn’t really planning on coming back.”
Staring at the water beside her, she nodded. “But you changed your mind.” 
He nodded. “Yep, changed my mind. Don’t ask me why.”
She let out a weak, little laugh. “I won’t.”
With that she straightened up in her seat and looked at him.
He gave her a crooked smile. 
At this point he was seriously debating if he should actually really still bring up the shower issue. He had gotten off unexpectedly easy in regard to his first revelation. There was reason for concern, though, that the shower issue wouldn’t go over half as well.
Maybe he should just let it go. Maybe it didn’t even matter. Only that it probably did.
“What else?” D asked, still looking back at him intently.
He scratched his head and glanced towards the water. “Well…” he started. He was actually scrambling for the right thing to say. Because, despite the fact that he had brooded over this a lot since yesterday morning, he still had no great concept how to handle it.
“It’s about the time we broke up…” he finally said. 
He didn’t even have to look at her to sense her tense up.
“Don’t…” she said, her voice cracking. She had one hand raised. “Don’t go there.”
He let out a half-hearted, little laugh. “Well, it’s not my favorite piece of conversation either,” he said, “but there’s something I really think you should know.”
“I know more than enough, thank you,” she retorted.
“Danny, listen...”
“No,” she pointed a finger at him, her hands shaky. “And just in case you don’t remember, there wasn’t really much we in that breakup.”
Joe found himself looking back at her, his throat tight and his mind blank.
“If I remember right,” a scathing tone had crept into her shaky voice. “There was mainly a you and a her. You screwing her or the other way round…”
Biting his lower lip, Joe exhaled audibly and nodded. Now that she had put it that way, he had no idea what else he could possibly still say.
D had put her feet back on the pedals and suddenly started pedaling. And judging from how fast the boat was moving now, she was working off a lot of agitation here. 
Well, he could contribute his own…
With both of them strongly pedaling they made it back around the peninsula quickly.
D could see the pier come closer and closer. And even though she felt sick to her stomach and her hand was trembling on the lever, she kept pedaling and steered the boat towards the parking position, which suddenly seemed like a point of no return.
She knew she had overreacted. Totally. But it was too late to take it back now. Joe was absolutely not famous for his desire to talk things over, at least not while they had been together. So, if there was something he considered important enough to bring it up here and now, she should have let him say it, find out what it was! Why not hear him out? Why did the pure thought of touching that time and those issues make her feel like she was suffocating?
The answer was highly complex, of course:  First of all, she was a bit worried that he might produce some new evidence showing that she had made a mistake three years ago when she had refused to talk to him and just left for London. It was relatively unlikely, though, that such evidence existed.
What scared her more though, was the fact that discussing the past would revive all kinds memories she’d kind of pushed away. If those were actually revived now, she wasn’t sure being close to him would still work. She might not be able to just ignore that this was the same guy who had already left her world in shambles once, and that dreamily glaring at the stars with this guy or rolling around half-naked on a sofa with him was just plain stupid. 
Maybe he didn’t realize it, but if they really discussed now what had happened three years ago, there was a very good chance their little whatever-it-was here would evaporate faster than he could even blink. 
They had reached the parking position.
She looked at him.
He was staring straight ahead, a hard expression on his face.
“Joe, listen…” she started.
His jerkily shaking his head and getting out of the boat made her fall silent. He walked up to the front of the boat and pulled the chain through the ring while she was still climbing onto the pier and putting her sandals on.
Her heart was racing how. And her throat tight. 
“You don’t have to wait for me,” he told her without looking up from the padlock. “We can’t walk up there together anyway. Just go ahead…”
The way he said it made her stomach cramp. So that was it then? At least for tonight? Or more?
The lock clicked around the chain and he got up.
“You’re released,” he told her a little impatiently and shoved his hands into the pockets of his jacket. “You really don’t need to stick around.”
D felt her heartbeat up to her throat now. Literally. They couldn’t just part like this and go to bed. Or could they?
She drew in a deep breath, trying to pull herself together.
“I’m sorry,” she said helplessly.
He shrugged jerkily. “For what?”  
“For the you-and-her thing.”
“Why? I mean - you’re right. It was me and her. No denying it. And there’s nothing I’ll ever be able to do about it.”
D swallowed. “I didn’t –“ she started. 
“Let’s just forget about it for now, okay,” he interrupted her with audible exasperation. “You don’t want to talk about it and neither do I if I’m honest. I’d much rather go to bed. So, let’s just leave it at that.” He motioned towards the stairs up. “Go ahead. I’ll give it another few minutes.”
“Okay… well…” With a helpless shrug she grabbed hold of the handrail and took the first step up. “Good night then…”
He gave her a short nod. “Good night.” 
Getting in the way of something?
Joe opened the door to his room and felt his heart drop. The room was lit and from the bathroom he heard running water. 
Shit! 
Jack was back already! How had that happened?
Feeling a little dumbstruck, he slipped out of his jacket and sat down on the bed.  He was wracking his brain how he could possibly explain to Jack why he wasn’t in bed yet…
The bathroom door opened and Jack appeared – his eyebrows raised.
“Oh, here you are!” he said.
“Yeah, I was…”
“In the park trying to figure things out?” Jack suggested dryly.
Joe squinted. What was that?
Jack unbuttoned his shirt and took it off; revealing some abs Joe hadn’t realized he had. Not bad…
“Joe,” Jack said with a firm look down on him and an unexpectedly stern voice. “What’s going on?”
Joe blinked. “What do you mean?”
“I mean… What’s going on with you and D?”
Joe let out a laugh that didn’t quite sound real. “What?”
“Oh, come on now,” Jack said with some irritation. “I’m not dumb, okay? When you desperately need my swim shorts five minutes after she went swimming, and you both go home within half an hour of each other and then you don’t show up in here until now… and Sarah and I run into D in the lobby...”
Joe bit down on his lower lip. Crap! 
“Nothing’s going on,” he claimed. “Just trying to straighten some things out, that’s all.” He couldn’t help wondering what story Danny had told them.
Jack shook his head, rolling his eyes. “Yeah, right.”
Joe got up from the bed to at least be on eye-level with Jack, rather than having to stare at Jack’s amazing abs while Jack looked down on him.
His eyes locked with Jack’s now, he felt some of the anger resurface that he had felt during dinner when Jack had taken Danny’s plate.
“What’s it to you anyway, Jack?” he challenged.
“What’s it to me?” Jack sounded as if he just couldn’t believe he would even be asked such a stupid question. “Well, to begin with, I’m a bit worried about a friend whom you have already messed with once.”
Joe looked back at Jack with a frozen expression. That teacher-lecturing-an-out-of-line-student tone…
“You’re my friend too, Joe,” Jack continued more conciliatorily. “But in this case I’m not going to stand by again and let you hurt her again.”
“Oh, really?” Joe’s eyes had narrowed.
“Well, yeah…” Jack seemed a little confused by the confrontational approach. He had expected a little more insight and self-criticism.
“And that’s really all you’re worried about? Or is it more that I’m getting in the way of something here?”
“Huh?” Jack’s eyes widened.
“This is not just about me hurting your friend,” Joe specified. “She’s way more than a friend to you, isn’t she? You said so yourself. Just still not sure, huh, if you want to ruin that friendship for – sex?”
Jack’s eyes had gone from wide to squinting. “What the hell are you talking about?” He shook his head. Then, just as Joe drew in an angry breath to lay it out in detail, it hit him. 
“D?” Jack looked bewildered. “You think I was talking about D?” He let out a little laugh. “I should have probably never even said anything,” he said, “but since I have… No, Joe, I wasn’t talking about D.”
Now Joe frowned. Dropped his gaze. Let his mind review again all the information he had on the matter. It was clear, wasn’t it?
“Yeah, go ahead,” Jack said, throwing his hands in the air. “If you give it some thought, I’m sure you can figure it out. It’s not that hard, really.”
With that, he unzipped his pants, stepped out of them, hung them over a chair and went to sit down on his bed.
Joe shot him a puzzled look.
“Your sister…?” Jack suggested like it really was a no-brainer.
Within just two seconds, Joe’s expression changed from puzzled to enlightened – and almost relieved. He leaned his head back and exhaled. 
“Yeah… Right… Why didn’t I see that?”
“Because sometimes you’re a freaking idiot,” Jack retorted.
“I guess…” Joe shrugged.
“Anyway,” Jack said. “Now that we’ve got that sorted out, I’m going to go to bed. Because I’m tired. And looking at you, I strongly recommend that you do the same. You look pretty wasted.”
“I feel like it too, thanks a lot,” Joe mumbled. And, still processing the news, he slowly wandered into the bathroom.
When he came back, Jack was lying in bed, his arms behind his head, his eyes closed.
“I think you should go for it,” Joe said quietly.
“What?” Jack opened one of his eyes.
“Sarah…”
“Oh…”
“I think you should go for it,” Joe repeated. “Friendship sometimes just doesn’t do it…”
His eye closed again, Jack nodded. “I’ll see…” And after a little pause he added, “Be careful with D!!!”
Nodding gloomily, Joe went to turn off the ceiling light.
Drive Home from the Lake 
On the drive home, Sun was sleeping in the backseat.
D had the radio turned on, some music was playing and her brain was going in circles about last night. She was glad that Jack next to her didn’t say much. In fact, he was unusually quiet – almost as if he were brooding over something himself. 
D shot him a brief glance and found him staring out the side window, lost in thought. For a moment she considered, asking him what he was thinking about, but then she stayed quiet because she really didn’t feel like talking. And he didn’t look like he did either. 
She was desperate to get to Innsbruck. Drop Sun and Jack off and then go home, close the door and be alone. No cheered-up friends around, no worried looks from Sarah and no glances from Joe that shifted away as soon as she tried to meet them. She needed to be by herself. And think. Make some sense of what was going on. Of what she was feeling. Of what in the world Joe was doing. 
He had been evading her all day.
 At breakfast, when they had happened to arrive almost at the same time, he had made sure he sat at the table with Rick and Sun (who had been about ready to leave), instead of just sitting at the big table with her and some other friends who were just starting breakfast. 
After breakfast they had decided to all go and play another round of minigolf. In the course of this, Joe had kept a five meters distance from her at all times and never even once met her eyes. 
And then there had been this weird scene in the lobby, just before they had left. She had been waiting for Jack and Sun to come down, when Sarah and Joe had stepped out of the elevator. They had handed in there key cards and checked out, and then Sarah had come towards her (with Joe trailing behind). Sarah had given her a message from Jack, saying that he would be down in five minutes. Then Sarah had decided to still quickly use the restroom in the lobby and left her standing there, alone with Joe. 
For a moment, there had been this tense silence with both of them glaring at the floor. Then Joe had grabbed Sarah’s bag from the floor beside him and – carefully avoiding eye-contact – said something like ‘Well, I think I’ll load that into the car. Have a safe drive home.’ And he had walked away.
D tried to tell herself that all this had just been Joe being top secret. But an uneasy feeling that was residing in the pit of her stomach since breakfast told her that it was way more than that. 
~~~
Sarah was staring out the front window of the Volvo and was pleasantly surprised that, for a change, her brother was driving in a perfectly civilized manner.
She glanced over at him. 
He had his eyes on the road and a somewhat strained expression on his face. 
She was hard-pressed to ask him all kinds of questions, but she tried to keep her mouth shut. 
As much as it had initially shocked and surprised her that he had hooked up with D again, the more she had gotten used to the thought, the more excited she actually felt that there might, after all, be some sort of happy ending. Only that Joe’s face and somewhat strange behavior today gave reason for concern that the happy-end might not exactly be on track after all. 
She had even pretended that she needed to use the restroom in the hotel lobby, just to give D and him a moment alone. When she had returned, D was by herself, not looking exactly happy, and Joe had disappeared to the garage…
“On Wednesday I’ll meet Steve for lunch,” Joe suddenly said. “You know, Liz’s brother… He’s got something to do around Innsbruck and we still need to talk a few things over before he goes on vacation.”
“You’re covering for him?” Sarah asked.
“Mhmm” There was a short nod.
“When is that?”
“Two weeks from now,” Joe said, “Sept 2nd to Sept 12th. I’ll be in Amsterdam from the 2nd to the 4th and then I’ll cover for Steve at the office until that Friday. Then I’ll probably come home over the weekend and go back there for the next week. There are some customers coming in and stuff, so I have to actually be there. Can’t do it from here.”
“Oh, okay.” Sarah shot him a cautious look from the side. “How is that going to work? I mean… Where are you going to stay? You’re not going to stay with her, are you?”
The response was a quick shake of his head. “I’m just going to stay in the office,” he said. “It’s like a home to me by now… Fully equipped for overnight stays. Sleeper sofa, TV, shower in the hallway…”
“Oh,” Sarah wasn’t sure how to react. “Is that… how it worked?” she asked.
“Yep, sometimes.” He shrugged.
“Oh, okay…” Sarah didn’t quite know what else to say to this. Just another peek into what must have been the relationship from hell.
“Anyway,” Joe said, “I just wanted to let you know that I’ll be gone most of this coming Wednesday. First lunch with Steve and then I might actually try to go and see Mom afterwards.”
“Have you talked to her yet?”
“No, I’ll call her tonight and see if that would work for her. We could even go and see Grandma too, I guess.”
“Well, if not this time, you definitely have to see Grandma sometime soon. She’s been asking about you a lot lately.”
“I know…” He sighed. “A lot of catching up to do while people still want to see me.” He shot her a little smile. “Do you want to come?” 
“No, I’ve got to work until four,” she said. ”And for a start, I think you should just go by yourself. Besides, Wednesday I’ll meet with D after work. We’ll go swimming or something and then for dinner and a maybe movie…”
She had considered adding something like ‘and since you’re busy, I guess D will be still free…’ but then she didn’t, because at the mention of D, his face had turned hard. Sarah was still pondering that, when she suddenly saw his face brighten up. And then, with an almost devious look, he changed the topic.
 “What’s up with Jack?” he asked. “Got a girlfriend or something?”
“Ahm… not that I know of,” Sarah muttered, slightly confused by the question. “Why?”
Joe was just winging it. Ever since finding out that Jack’s secret love was Sarah, the idea of seeing those two together had grown on him – immensely. In a way, it did feel a little weird, of course – probably comparable to Sarah’s Teddy-and-Barbie issues, but the weirdness was outweighed by his conviction that Sarah and Jack would be a great match. An excellent match. The only problem was that he couldn’t see how they would ever get together. They were so used to being good friends that it was going to take a real push to get out of that rut.
Jack usually was anything but shy, but in this particular constellation Joe was skeptical that Jack would ever work up the courage to make a move. It would probably require some form of encouragement or at least a little sign from Sarah. And Sarah (just like Danny) wasn’t exactly carrying her heart on her sleeve – more like under one of those lead-plated aprons that you had to wear when getting an X-ray at the dentist.
So, even though Joe couldn’t stand his sister meddling in his own love life, he didn’t find anything wrong with his poking around in hers, as long as the meddling served a good cause. Which, he had decided, it definitely did!
This car ride seemed like the perfect opportunity to run some little general tests with her, figure out if her feelings for Jack were purely platonic…
“Why are you asking?” Sarah wanted to know, obviously not uninterested in the subject.
“Oh, no special reason,” Joe lied. “Just seems like there might be someone… someone he likes. He’s kind of dropped some hints but he didn’t really come out with it…”
Maybe he was just imagining it, but he could have sworn Sarah had just straightened up in her seat and was tapping her foot. A sign of agitation?
“Oh, really?” she said slowly. “What did he say?”
“Not much, really,” Joe said lightly. ”I thought you might know something.”
“Never mentioned anyone to me,” she responded, sounding a bit testy.
Silence.
Joe glanced over at her and found her staring gloomily out the window, obviously pondering the issue – and tapping her foot every once in a while.
“Just baffles me how Jack seems to always be single,” Joe carried it further. “I would think as a woman I’d fly at him… but there’s probably enough that do. We just don’t know about them…” He grinned, hoping that Sarah would, at least deep inside, reject the idea that there might be anything about Jack she didn’t know.
“Well, maybe he’s just picky,” Sarah suggested.
“Sure he’s picky,” Joe laughed. “But I guess whoever he’s got a crush on now, meets the high standards. That’s why I was wondering who it might be…”
“How do you know he’s got a crush on someone if he didn’t really tell you anything?” Sarah sounded irritated.
“Trust me, he’s got a big crush on whoever it is. Maybe someone at work, or around where he lives, or… I don’t know where else he meets women… But there’s someone. I guarantee you that. Let’s just hope it works out and she actually appreciates him.”
Silence.
“I mean, not everyone knows him the way we do,” Joe carried on. “He’s smart, he’s funny, he’s got a real good heart and he’s got some abs… wow! Even I stand in awe at that, and I’m not even the target-group. Gone swimming with him lately?”
“What?” Sarah looked at him. “No, I haven’t… lately.”
“Sauna?”
From the corner of his eye he could see her head turn his way even more. “I’m not going to the sauna with Jack!” she said like he was insane.
Joe had to keep himself from laughing. Good. He had her blood boiling and her imagination running wild with pictures of herself naked and sweating in a sauna with Jack and his perfect abs…
“Yeah, right. That would probably be weird,” he admitted. “But you have for sure seen those abs?”
Beside him Sarah shrugged. He would have to turn and get a closer look but he would bet that she was blushing.
“To you he’s just a friend, I know,” Joe said saintly, “so you don’t care about abs, I guess…” He paused for a moment to give her a chance to issue a statement, but she didn’t.
“Anyway,” he concluded cheerfully, “just wanted to pick your brains because I thought you might know something.”
“Well, I don’t…”
I don’t hate him…
D pulled the front door closed behind herself, parked her luggage under the coat rack in the entry way, dropped her purse on the dining table and hurried to the bathroom, the most important thing after a long drive like this.
A few minutes later she wandered from the bathroom to the living room a little aimlessly, shot a look out towards her tomato plants, straightened out the sofa cushions and then headed into the kitchen to get a glass of milk.
When she opened the fridge to take out the milk, the light didn’t come on inside. She reached in and wiggled the light bulb a bit, but nothing happened. It stayed dark. She sniffled. Smelled kind of funny, too. Like spoilt food… She touched the milk package and it wasn’t cold. Room temperature.
“Shit!” 
The fridge obviously wasn’t working. A quick glance at the oven clock, that was perfectly on time, confirmed that this wasn’t a problem of a blown kitchen fuse or a temporary power outage but of a fridge that had obviously given up the ghost in her absence.
She pulled out the big garbage can from under the sink and started going through the entire contents of the refrigerator. She threw away what had surely not survived a weekend at room temperature and set aside all the things that would be fine.
Once the fridge was empty, she braced herself and opened the freezer door. Eeww! Determined to get this over with quickly, she reached in, grabbed a bag with frozen bread rolls and dumped it right into the garbage. When her hands pulled out the ice cream containers next, she paused, suddenly having this vision of Joe dishing up ice cream Thursday night. Exhaling sharply, she dropped the container into the garbage and continued, trying to stay focused on the fridge problem rather than Joe.
It was definitely time to get a new refrigerator. This one was ancient and there had been problems with it before. It had only been a matter of time until something like this happened. Both Robert and Jack had looked at it and told her that sooner or later she would need a new one. It seemed like the time had come…
Once she was done cleaning everything out, she sat down on a bar stool and opened her laptop. She spent the next hour on the internet, checking out new refrigerators and taking notes. She would swing by the electronics store Monday night after work.
She was still sitting in front of her computer when her phone rang. It immediately made her stomach knot, as the possibility of this being Joe, crossed her mind. It wasn’t, however. The display of her phone showed Dad’s smiling face. 
“Hi Dad,” she tried for a cheerful tone when at the same time, a weird mix of relief and deep disappointment was making her wonder if she might be going crazy now.
“Hello!” It was actually her Mom, calling from Dad’s phone. “Bad time?”
“Not at all. How are you?”
“We’re good,” Mom said. ”Just driving home from Robert’s and Ann’s, and Dad said we better check if our daughter is home yet or still out partying.”
D laughed, but it sounded hollow even to herself. “I’m back. Got back two hours ago. And it really wasn’t a party weekend as you would imagine it…”
“You’re a little old for that anyway,” Mom teased.
“Thanks, Mom…”
Mom laughed. “Did you have a good time?”
“Yeah, it was nice.” D said. “Just the getting-home-part wasn’t so great…”
“Why? What’s wrong?”
“My fridge’s finally dead, I guess.”
“Oh, no! – Her fridge is dead,” Mom was informing Dad.
D could hear him say something, but she couldn’t understand what.
“Tell Dad not to worry,” she told Mom. “Jack has already checked that fridge a few times and Robert has too. It’s just old – and now it’s dead. I’ll order a new one tomorrow. Already have one picked out. And in the meantime I can use the camping cooler that I have in the spare room.”
“That’s a good idea. I didn’t realize you had one too.”
“Yeah, I got that for the dorm, remember, and then used it a few times for camping…” Only in her mind she added, ‘… with Joe.’
“Good idea,” Mom said. “And I’m glad you had a nice time.”
“Yeah, was great. The hotel is really neat. Pretty location, great food. There’s a lot to do, too. We went up one of the mountains in a cable car, played mini golf, you can rent boats… You and Dad should go there sometime.”
“Sounds nice,” Mom said. Somehow she sounded as if there were something else on her mind.
“Mhmm.” D couldn’t help wondering if Robert had told her parents.
“Well, good,” Mom said. “Just wanted to check…”
“Robert told you, right?” D challenged.
“What?” Mom was such a bad actress.
“He told you about…Joe.” Hearing herself say his name she realized that she hadn’t used it with her parents in a long time.
There was a short moment of silence.
“Yeah, well…” Mom was obviously scrambling for the right response. “Robert said that… that Joe might be there too. And that you were kind of upset about it. But – I didn’t want to ask you…”
“I wasn’t upset,” D protested.
“Maybe that’s not the word he used…”
“Oh, I’m sure that’s exactly the word he used! He’s worse than Aunt Sauvie!”
On the other end, Mom laughed.
“He is!” D insisted while she scratched her left eyebrow and tried to decide if she wanted to kill the subject or talk about it.
“He was there,” she finally said in response to a question that hadn’t even been said out loud yet. Maybe talking to Mom was just what she needed. 
“Did you talk to him?” Mom asked cautiously.
“Yeah…I talked to him. Not that I had planned to but… yeah, I talked to him.”
“Is he still together with that girl?”
“No. Guess not.” 
Silence.
“How do you feel about it?” There was concern in Mom’s voice. “Are you okay?”
D was struggling with what felt like a lump in her throat.
“I don’t know,” she said, her voice a bit unsteady. 
There was silence on the other end now. Mom was obviously not sure if she could even ask what that meant.
D swallowed. “Mom…” she started.
“What?”
“We didn’t just talk…”
“Oh…” One syllable uttered in total surprise.
“Nothing really happened,” D clarified quickly before Mom could imagine the wrong things such as activities that might result in grandchildren.
“Okay…” Mom’s tone indicated that she wasn’t sure what else to say.
“I was so sure I hated him,” D said slowly. “And now… I don’t hate him.”
“You don’t, huh?” Mom said, sounding more amused than surprised.
“You probably think I’ve totally lost my mind,” D said unhappily.
Mom laughed out loud. “I don’t think you’ve lost your mind. As far as I recall he’s not a person that’s very hateable. I’m just surprised you admit it.”
“Oh, God, not you too,” D grumbled.
On the other end she could hear her Dad’s voice, obviously asking Mom what was going on.
“No, we’re talking about Joe,” Mom told him a little impatiently. “Yes, apparently he was there.” And then, a little louder, now addressing her daughter again, she asked: “So, has he already left again?”
“No.” Mom’s question and the images it triggered had just made her experience the full impact of what his leaving would actually feel like. “He’s still in Innsbruck. Seems like he’s going to be staying with Sarah for a while.”
“I see.” D could imagine Mom nodding. “But you’re going to London for your conference thing next week, right?”
“Yeah. Coming back Thursday.” With some relief she concluded that Robert didn’t seem to have told their parents about the job issue at least.
“Well, if he’s staying with Sarah,” Mom seemed to be weighing her words now, “That gives you some time at least.”
“Yeah, I guess. Just that – God, I really didn’t want to…”
Mom laughed. “You got your principles and that’s good. But when it comes to feelings, there’s only so much even you can control. It’s hard to give you advice, of course. But I think you shouldn’t rule anything out just because of some principles. The main thing is, that twenty years from now you, don’t look back and regret things.”
“I know…” 
“Just take it slowly,” Mom recommended.
“So, you don’t think it’s idiotic?”
“What? That you’re talking to him again – or not just talking?” There was a trace of amusement in Mom’s voice. “No, I don’t think it’s idiotic. People make mistakes, people change, people learn. That’s life. And sometimes we just need to take detours to end up with the right person.”
D thought about that for a moment.
“Thanks Mom, it’s good to know you don’t think I’m an idiot.”
“I’d never think that.”
“Yeah, because you’re biased.”
Mom chuckled. “Of course, I’m biased!”

After she had hung up, D ran her hands over her face and drew in a deep breath. 
Talking to her Mom had been sort of a relief, as apparently her family would be just fine if she ever showed up on their doorstep with Joe again. 
But at the same time she felt shaky and edgy because she wasn’t even sure Joe would want to cross her own threshold again – after what she had said to him on the boat. The memory of him on the pier after he had put the lock back on the boat made her stomach twist.
Glancing at her phone that was lying on the counter, she felt this urge to try and make it right. 
Call him. 
Send him a message. 
But saying what? 
She couldn’t put in words what she hadn’t even sorted out properly herself. Plus, she really didn’t want to seem desperate.
She got up from her chair and massaged the back of her neck to loosen up a little. Mom had said to take it slowly. And that was probably a good idea. She didn’t have to call him right now. Some more time of reflection might serve them both well. And who knew, maybe he would call her. And if not, she could always call him tomorrow. 
Yeah, there was a plan: if she hadn’t heard anything from him by tomorrow night and she still felt like wanting to see him, she would call him.
Having come to this decision, D walked to her bedroom and carried part of the ironing pile to the living room. Time to finally get the ironing done…
Are we still talking?
Monday turned out to be a busy and crazy day at work. D didn’t get off until six, and when she did, she still had a list of errands to run on her way home.
First she stopped by the home appliances store. 
The fridge she wanted was in stock. She paid for it and arranged for a delivery early Wednesday morning. She would just go to work a little later that day. 
After the home appliances store, she drove to the supermarket and bought some milk, butter and other essentials that she had had to throw away the previous afternoon. 
Finally she dropped by the post office to pick up a package she had ordered. 
She arrived at home around seven-twenty, feeling tired, exhausted, but also anxious – thanks to the still unresolved situation with Joe that kept popping up in her head constantly.
He hadn’t called. He hadn’t texted. And thinking about calling him herself, made her throat tighten.  
Despite the fact that she wasn’t really hungry, she decided she needed to eat something and quickly made herself some scrambled eggs, toast with jelly and milk. 
While eating, she clicked through the TV channels and finally got stuck on a film with an actress she usually liked. The plot turned out to be a shallow and totally unrealistic love story with dialogues so sappy that it made her roll her eyes and scoff more than once. At the final exchange of the two protagonists, where the guy swore his love to the girl and she just melted into his arms, she let out a bitter laugh. 
Were there actually people in real life that interacted in such uncomplicated patterns?
She didn’t know anyone who did! 
Joe didn’t, for sure! 
She didn’t! 
Pete – well maybe Pete did it sometimes, but possibly just to manipulate. 
Sarah definitely didn’t. 
And neither did Jack – or Robert. 
Of course, for these movie characters it was easy. The script was on the table and a happy ending was guaranteed. 
In real life, though, there was this constant tricky struggle where you never knew if you should actually let your guard down or not, because there was just no way of predicting how the other side would react.
And that’s exactly why it was so extremely hard to just pick up that phone and call Joe: she was scared to death of what he would say. And what she would say in response. And that their exchange might lead right back to – how had he called it? – Ice age.
Were they in a movie, it would be easy and straightforward as can be. It would go somewhat like this:
She takes her phone and, without any hesitation, calls him.
He picks up at the second ring with a relieved sigh. “God, I’m so glad you called. I really wanted to call you, but I just didn’t have the guts…”
“Yes, I know,” she breathes. “I felt the same way, but I just couldn’t stand it any longer, I really needed to hear your voice – and make sure that we’re okay.”
“Oh, it’s so good to hear your voice too. I missed you so much!”
She’s too breathless for a moment to respond.
He asks her where she’s at the moment.
She says smolderingly that she’s at home.
And he tells her that he will be right over…
THE END

Massaging her temples, D grimaced. No, that kind of thing wouldn’t happen in real life. And because she was afraid of what would happen and not sure she was up to handling it at the moment, she decided that she couldn’t call Joe tonight.
~~~
The next morning she woke up an hour before the alarm would issue its very first beep. It was five-fifteen, and despite the early hour, there was no way she could go back to sleep. She was wide-awake and her brain had immediately sprung to life, triggering the same edginess she had gone to bed with the previous night.
She suddenly remembered her grand plan from Sunday: to call Joe if she hadn’t heard from him until Monday night. Well, she hadn’t called him and he hadn’t called her, and now it was Tuesday morning… And with every hour that passed it seemed to be becoming harder and harder to pick up the phone and make that call.
Before her inner eye she visualized this little rift that had been created Saturday on the lake and had since grown into this big gap that kept growing wider and deeper with every hour that passed, and that would probably soon be impossible to bridge.
Exhaling tensely, she threw back the covers and got out of bed. Even if she wanted to, she could hardly call him right now. She’d pretty much have to wait until she got off work. 

The morning passed quickly, with lots to do at the office. 
Lunch she spent with June who had Jim problems again and went on and on about it.   
June seemed to quickly forget about Jim altogether, though, when an e-mail from Harry’s assistant came in around four with the electronic tickets for their flight to London, along with the hotel information and a general itinerary for their trip.
It was five-thirty when D unlocked the door to her flat.
She knew she needed to make that call and finally talk to Joe, but somehow she couldn’t do it from here. She needed fresh air and a place that felt right. 
So she quickly changed into more comfortable clothes, got on her bike and just rode it on countryside roads through the fields until she found a bench under an old oak tree on a little creek. 
Sitting on the back of the bench a few minutes later, her feet on the seat, she drew in a deep breath. 
Why on earth was this so hard?!? 
Her gaze trailed off towards the creek. There was a little dam built of stones and pine cones, maybe the work of children. 
She looked back at her phone that she was cradling in her hand. 
Finally she scrolled through the contacts down to Joe’s name and, before she could lose courage again, she pressed call. 
With her heart racing she tried to decide what to do if he didn’t pick up? Leave a message? Or call again?
“Hello?” he sounded out of breath. And then – somewhat subdued. “Hi Danny.”
“Hi…” Her throat felt really tight now. “Is this… Is this a bad time?”
“No, it’s fine.” His tone was matter-of-factly. “I’m just out running. Almost didn’t hear the phone.”
On her end, D was scrambling for something to say. She had kind of counted on the first few seconds to reveal the general mood. But what he had said so far didn’t give her a lot of clues.
“What’s up?” he asked curtly.
D felt her stomach drop. “Nothing’s up,” she couldn’t help sounding a bit testy. “Nothing at all…”
There was silence on his end after that. Then he cleared his throat.
“I was going to call you,” he said almost defensively. “But…” He blew out a long breath. “Quite honestly, I have no clue where we stand.”
D swallowed. 
He let out a dry, little laugh. “Guess we’re still talking, though.” 
“Yeah.” She was really choked up here. It was just sooo good to hear his voice… 
The girl in the movie last night would have probably just said that. Followed by something like: “I think we should just skip the talking…” But this was not a movie.
She cleared her throat. “I’m glad we’re still talking,” she said, her voice unsteady. This was as far as she could possibly go with admissions.
She heard him exhale on the other end. “Yeah…” he then said without any traceable emotion.
“You’re still angry,” she concluded quietly.
“About what?” he made it sound like it was a ridiculous idea. “Oh, the lake thing? No, I’m not angry.” 
 “Okay…” she said slowly. “Maybe angry’s not the right word.”
“I’m fine,” he retorted stubbornly. “It’s just… Shit…I don’t know…It just can’t always be me, okay?”
There was something terrifyingly final in the way he had said it.
“It can’t always be me keeping this going,” he specified darkly. “I mean - you and me. Me always taking the first step, me trying to cheer you up, when at the same time I’d rather hide somewhere myself because everything’s so fucked up!” He huffed out a breath. “Sometimes I… I mean – I’ve got enough problems on my plate with Liz, and I just can’t–”
“…deal with me in addition.”
“I didn’t say that…”
“Okay. But that’s what it comes down to?” She was struggling to keep her voice steady when nothing about her felt steady anymore. “Why don’t you just concentrate on Liz then? I really don’t need you to–“ 
“Danny, stop it!” He cut her off. “Please. Just stop it, okay? I would love to concentrate on you, but it’s kind of frustrating to have to kick-start this thing every time we meet. It’s like, the second I turn around you’re straight back to doubt and regrets…” He paused for a moment. “Feels like fighting windmills, to be honest. And I’m not even saying I don’t understand your reservations…”
D wanted to say something, but she wasn’t even sure she’d get a word out if she tried. Her hand tightly wrapped around her phone, she expected him to end the call with some uncommitted I-think-we-should- just-try-to-be-friends line now and hang up. She was just glad he wouldn’t be able to see her face when he did that.
But then he didn’t say anything at all for a while.
“I know I should have let you say what you wanted to tell me on the boat,” D finally broke the silence. “I was just –”
“That’s alright,” he said flatly. “Doesn’t matter.”
In the silence that followed D could hear her own heartbeat drumming in her ears. 
“Can we–” She cleared her voice and started over. “Can we meet sometime, maybe?”
He didn’t answer right away.
“Sure,” he finally said. “If you want…” And then, as an afterthought: “Might actually be a good idea. But I can’t do it until Thursday because tomorrow afternoon I’m meeting with Steve and then going over to see Mom. And you’re doing something with Sarah after work anyway, so…”
D had closed her eyes and swallowed. If she was honest she wanted to see him right now. 
“Or Friday,” Joe said, obviously misinterpreting her silence. “That’s fine too. Or no – actually – isn’t that when your party is – with Peete?”
“Yeah.” Her voice was failing her. She cleared her throat. “Can we… can we do Thursday?” she asked. “I’m leaving for a trip to London Sunday afternoon.”
“Oh. What are you doing there?”
“Oh, just… – well, three of my colleagues and I are going to this seminar/conference thing and we’ll also get together with the people from Swan’s London office.”
There was a moment of silence on the other end.
“When… when are you coming back?” he asked.
“Next Thursday.” 
“Oh, okay…” He sounded a bit absent-minded now.
“So…do you want to meet this Thursday then?” D asked.
“Yeah… I could pick you up like… – around six-thirty? We can go out to eat or something.”
“Sounds good,” she said. Only that it didn’t really sound good at all, because Thursday was still two days away and sitting in a restaurant together just wouldn’t do it. 
If she was honest she needed to see him now. In her place. With only the two of them. And if that lead to another round of alligator experiments on the sofa, so be it.
But since he obviously did not feel the urgency…
“Well, see you Thursday then,” he said on the other end.
It was only then that it dawned on her that, what she had seen as a lack of urgency on his part might simply be a lack of bad manners… He wasn’t Pete, who just invited himself over no matter what.
If they were characters in a movie, she would tell him to forget about Thursday and come over right now. And he would do just that. 
“Yeah, see you then!” she said instead. Because this was real life.
Meeting with Steve
On Wednesday Joe walked the fifteen minutes to the restaurant where he was supposed to meet Steve. It was a foggy day, but the air felt good. 
He arrived at the restaurant a few minutes early, but Steve was already there.
“I’m surprised you’re already here?” Joe said as he sat down. “On the radio they mentioned some accident blocking the Autobahn exit, so I figured you’d probably be late…”
“No, I actually got off one exit before Innsbruck,” Steve said, “ I had to drop Liz off.” 
Joe raised his eyebrows questioningly.
“She’s got a few days off and wanted to visit a friend around there. Caroline or something. Since they are going to drive back to Munich together she didn’t want to take her car, I guess. Anyway, I guess it’s good for her to do something… well, how should I say? – normal – to take her mind off of you.”
Joe nodded, feeling a little uncomfortable with this conversation. “Yeah. I’m glad to hear she’s actually doing something normal.” He scratched his head. “I could have sworn that Caroline moved to Frankfurt a year ago.” He shrugged. “But maybe I mixed it up. Doesn’t matter…”
 Steve nodded. “Exactly. By the way… about the other thing… she hasn’t mentioned anything about possibly being pregnant. Well, actually she’s not even officially told me that you two have split up.”
Joe frowned. “I would have thought she’s by now fed horror stories about me to every single member of your family and anyone else she comes across…”
“No, surprisingly, she hasn’t,” Steve said. “I think Mom and Dad don’t have the slightest idea yet.”
“Weird,” Joe said darkly. “But - whatever!”
“Well, maybe she keeps them uninformed because she still expects you to change your mind,” Steve contemplated. “That’s a lot less complicated if the parents haven’t already crossed you off their list of favorite sons-in-law.”
Nodding, Joe dropped his gaze. It did make sense what Steve said – in a somewhat unsettling way. But well, it was Liz’s problem how she broke it to her parents.
In the following half hour Joe and Steve talked about the company and what Joe needed to take care of while Steve was on vacation. 
“Luca from Italy is probably going to call about the update,” Steve said, looking at some notes he had brought with him. “I haven’t really had time to look into that yet, but that should be able to wait until I get back. Oh - and the guys from Belgium are coming by next Thursday, but you already know that, right?”
“Yeah, I’ll just take them out to eat and have a chat with them,” Joe said.
“Maybe take Eric with you as well,” Steve suggested, “he’s dealt with some of their issues lately.”
Avoiding eye contact, Joe nodded. He really had no great desire to work closely with Eric, but he should probably just get over his reservations. He just wondered if Eric had slept with Liz again. Not that he really cared, though.
“How’s your hand, by the way?” Steve said as he slid out behind the table.
“Getting there. Should be fine once it’s healed.”
“Glad to hear that.”
“Yeah. I’ll be thrilled when I get rid of this brace. Really slows me down with anything I’m trying to do on the computer.”
“I bet. You probably haven’t been able to start with the program for Arlin yet, have you?”
“Not yet, but I’ve got some ideas for it already. I’m going to start working on it next week.”
“Perfect.”
“How’s the preparation for the wedding going?”
“Oh, Susan is in charge of that. With the assistance of her Mom and her sister and her aunt…” Steve rolled his eyes and grinned.
“Sounds dangerous,” Joe said.
“It is!” Steve laughed. “But so is the whole concept of getting married… Sometimes it scares me to death, I tell you. But then I figure, we’ve been living together for four years, I do really love her, we’re a great team, we have fun together… So, why not?”
“Yeah, right,” Joe nodded. He wouldn’t have expected that even people like Steve got cold feet at times. 
“You’re still on as my best man, right?” Steve gave him a searching look.
Joe nodded, “Sure… if you still want me to. I mean - I’m not sure how this is going to work with your sister, but we’ll worry about that then.”
Gone Car
On his way home, Joe had just turned the corner into Sarah’s street and was pulling out his key for the front door when something seemed off.
He squinted.
Where was his car?!?!
He had parked it right here last night.
It was one of these I-think-I-must-be-dreaming moments where you hope that, if you blink again and rub your eyes a bit, things will switch back to normal. Only that they didn’t.
He knew for sure that he had parked the car there last night. 
Sarah couldn’t have taken it, right? Why would she? Her car had been in the driveway and it was gone now. So…
He pulled out his phone, not even sure who to call.
That’s when he saw the text message. 
From Liz:
Got your car. We need to talk. Come to the viewpoint parking lot or I’ll wreck it! 
It had been sent thirty minutes ago. Right after Sarah must have left.
Shocked and shaky Joe sat down on the stairs outside the front door and rubbed his forehead. Thinking a clear thought was almost impossible at the moment. This was just surreal!
What to do, though? 
Call the police?
He would have liked to, but decided against it.
Go up to the viewpoint? 
Would be hard to avoid it…
Turning the phone around in his hand, he considered his options.
Then, tapping on a number, he put the phone against this ear, rose from the stairs and started walking up the street.
After a few rings, Jack picked up.
“Hi, Joe.” He sounded surprised. After all, it was only early afternoon and he was probably at work in the office in his Dad’s car dealership.
“Sorry for calling you at work!” Joe said uncomfortably, “But…well, it’s kind of an emergency.”
“Something wrong with D?” Jack sounded alarmed.
“Na, I’ve actually got a serious Liz problem…”
“What kind of a Liz problem?” Jack seemed even more alarmed now.
Joe let out a bitter little laugh. “Seems like she took my car, and now she’s up at the viewpoint and wants me to come there...”
“She did what???”
“Well, you know…” Even though he felt pretty shaken, Joe managed a sarcastic tone. “She thinks we should talk. And since I’ve refused to do that, she decided to just take my car hostage, I guess.”
“Oh boy…” Jack sighed. “So she had an extra key, huh?”
“She didn’t have it, but yeah, there was one still somewhere in the flat…”
“Well, seems like she found it,” Jack concluded dryly.
“Yep…”
“Do you want me to come with you?” Jack offered.
“I’m on my way up there right now,” Joe said, “I’m just going to take the tram over the river and then walk from there. Shouldn’t be more than fifteen minutes.”
“I can come,” Jack assured him. “Nothing going on here anyway.”
“Yeah – actually – it might be good to have you there. I haven’t got a clue what she’s up to, and I would rather have a witness!”
“It’s probably going to take me twenty minutes to get over there,” Jack said, “But I’ll leave right now. Are you sure, you don’t want to wait and I’ll pick you up?”
“No, really,” Joe said.
“Okay...” Jack paused for a moment. Then he said, “Don’t do anything stupid, Joe, okay? No matter how much you want to kill her.” 
Joe let out a humorless laugh. “Yeah, yeah. Don’t worry. I’ve gotten pretty good at holding back even when I want to strangle her.”
“Good. I’ll be there as soon as I can.”
“Thanks Jack!”

After a short tram ride, Joe took the walking trail up to the viewpoint. He pulled out his phone again and called his Mom. After all, she was expecting him in half an hour. He told her that he was having ‘some problems with his car’, and they rescheduled their meeting to the weekend.

When he reached the parking lot at the viewpoint, he immediately spotted his car on the opposite side. 
It was the only car here at the moment.
And it was damaged…
His stomach clenched at the sight. On the driver’s side the hood was dented and the headlight smashed, the bumper was scraped and there was a big dent on the side.
He tried to stay calm. Swallow the rising anger. Breathe… The insurance would take care of it. He still had a free claim.
He could see Liz sitting behind the steering wheel, her arm casually draped on the rolled-down window. 
She watched him come closer, her expression expectant. Or triumphant?
He pulled the door on the passenger side open.
She leaned her head back, her blond hair falling over her shoulder and gave him a victorious smile. “That was quick!”
Resisting the overwhelming urge to scream at her or punch her with his left hand. He quickly shoved the hand into the pocket of his jeans as a precaution. What the hell had ever attracted him to her? He totally despised her now.
With a bat of her eyes Liz patted the passenger seat.  “Come on, Honey. Let’s make up…”
“Are you crazy or what?” He incredulously shook his head. “Or drunk?”
“We need to talk…” She said in a tone that patient mothers use with stubborn little children who just won’t listen.
“Sure Liz,” he mocked, pulling his left hand out of his pocket and waving it in front of his forehead indicating that he thought she was crazy. “I personally think I should just call the police!”
For a moment she seemed a little thrown off. 
“You can’t do that,” she said. And then, as an afterthought: “No one will believe you!”
Joe realized that she was probably right. No one would believe it. Or even if they did, part of the blame would fall on him. They would just be asking where she had gotten the key and – Oh, she’s the ex…  Well, never leave your car key with an angry woman…
He just hoped Jack was going to be here soon. Being alone with her was almost unbearable.
“Why don’t you get in?” She was probably trying to sound friendly but Joe felt strongly reminded of the freaky tone and behavior Snow White’s evil stepmother-witch would use when offering the poisoned apple.
“I’d rather stay out here, thank you very much!” he retorted.
She dropped her gaze, a disappointed pouting look on her face.
“What do you want, Liz?” he asked sharply.
“I want you to come back!” she said like that was self-evident.
“Yeah, right! Looking at my car I can hardly stand the temptation… But guess what: That’s not going to happen!”
“But I love you!” Her eyes were filling with tears.
“Oh God, haven’t we been through this often enough already?” He threw his hands up in exasperation. “However much you love me, Liz, I just can’t deal with your weird way of showing it! Like that–” He pointed to the front of his car. “Or like that.” He held up his braced hand.
“That’s not fair!” she whined. “It just happened!” 
“Liz, I was there,” Joe said with forced patience. “And in contrast to you I was sober when it happened… And it didn’t just happen. Besides, you know that it’s not just that!”
“I’m sooo sorry!” There were the first hiccup-sobs.
“Stop that, for God’s sake!” He tensely rubbed his forehead.
“But I can’t live without you,” she cried.
“Oh God, Liz! You have to live without me because, as it turns out, I can’t live with you. I think I’ve tried long enough.”
“Yeah, didn’t you try hard?” She laughed – an evil laugh. (Again, Joe found himself reminded of Snow White’s stepmother.)
“And when it was about fucking,” she snarled, “things were just fine, weren’t they?” 
Joe noted that this was a line that would probably not be dropped in the Snow White fairy-tale…
“You pretty well know that it wasn’t me who decided that every time something was wrong, we just patch it up by…” He threw a hand out and shook his head.
Liz’s eye’s had narrowed and she leaned her head to the side.
“Oh, aren’t you a saint!?!” she hissed. “I seem to remember that you didn’t exactly need a whole lot of persuasion!”
“Yeah, right,” he said dryly. “What do you expect when you focus all your persuasive arguments on the one part of me that functions largely autonomously and in total disregard of any good judgment?”
“Oh, is that so?” 
“Yeah, that is so!”
“So, you didn’t have anything to do with it then, huh?”
“I didn’t say that. I’m just saying that it’s no strategy to work things out. I didn’t need that.”
Liz glared back at him, obviously scrambling for a scathing response.
“And I sure didn’t need that other crap we’ve been doing lately,” Joe told her.
She let out a nasty little laugh. “Well, you were pretty useless there anyway.”
His jaws clenched he resisted the urge to do something now that, had Snow White done it to her stepmother, would have surely prompted the mirror to wonder ‘What happened to your nose?’ at their next encounter.
“Yeah, sorry about that!” he mocked instead. “I don’t deny that that kind of stuff may have quite a bit of appeal on screen, but I don’t really need it to happen in my own bed when I’m expected to still look the girl in the eyes the next morning during breakfast!”
“You asshole!” She slammed her fist into the seat beside her.
“Yeah, I know…” Joe said drily while shooting a tense glance over his shoulder to look for Jack.
That’s when she suddenly started the car.
“Shit!” He flung himself inside. 
The Volvo was already rolling backwards. 
She had put it in reverse. 
And not too far behind them was the hill slope.
Joe tried to reach over and push the button to turn the ignition off.
Liz blocked him with her arm. 
He tried to reach the handbrake instead. 
She shoved him with her elbow. 
Somehow, after a little struggle, he managed to push her hand away far enough, so he could turn the ignition off, though. And set the hand brake.
With the car coming to an abrupt halt he lost his balance and hit the side of his head against the windshield.
His head buzzing from the impact, he backed out of the car.
He grabbed a thick broken branch from the ground and shoved it under the back tire to keep the car from rolling back, no matter what Liz came up with next.
She stared at him from the car, an angry grimace on her face.
He shook his head and looked away. Towards the town below. 
This was why people came up here normally. To enjoy the view…
When he heard the faint noise of a car approaching, he looked over his shoulder and saw the headlights of Jack’s Dad’s Jeep appear across the parking lot.
“That’s Jack,” he said.
“What is he doing here?” Liz seemed totally perplexed.
“You think I want to be alone with you when you’re like this?” 
“Ah… I see!” She looked at him with a poisonous grin (again reminding him of Snow White’s stepmother). Then she opened the  door on her side and got out. “Our good friend Jack!”

Jack had decided not to pull up right next to the Volvo but keep his distance and just show some presence. Seeing Liz stroll towards him now, an ultra-sweet smile on her face as if she were just absolutely thrilled to see him, seemed a bit eerie to say the least. 
Not quite sure what to expect, he got out of the car. 
Joe was following a little ways behind Liz, rolling his eyes and waving his hand in front of his face indicating his diagnosis on Liz’s mental condition.

“Jack…” Liz stopped just an arm length away. “Remember me?”
“Hi Liz,” Jack said dryly. He found both her tone and her gaze disconcerting. It made him remember what Joe had told him about her not always being sober. This might be one of those times. That would explain the damage on the car too. She couldn’t be that bad of a driver, unless she had done it on purpose, of course…
Her hair was longer than Jack remembered it, she was still wearing a little more make up than necessary and she seemed to have lost some weight which made her look a little bony, except for her big chest. An innocent bystander would still call her pretty, however.
 “Liz, what’s this supposed to be?” Jack asked with a nod towards the Volvo. “Did you come all this way just to wreck his car?”
Joe had stepped up to them. “Thanks for coming Jack. I really appreciate…”
He hadn’t finished his sentence when Liz suddenly whisked around to him. Her hands raised like claws, she lurched towards him. “I bet you appreciate this, you…”
 Jack got ahold of her and pulled her back.
“Slowly now,” he said. “You need to calm down! Okay?”
First she was still struggling, trying to get away from him, pushing and shoving, but when she realized that it was futile, she changed her strategy: she threw her arms around Jack and sobbed, her face buried against his neck. 
Reluctantly Jack put an arm around her for comfort and shot Joe a somewhat helpless look. 
“So, what do we do with her now?” he asked over her head.
Joe warily shook his head. “I have no idea. And honestly, I can’t say I even care.”
“Well, we can’t just leave her here,” Jack pointed out. “Who knows what she’ll do next.” 
“Again, I don’t really care,” Joe growled stubbornly. “I can call the police, or I can call Rick’s Dad and have her committed…”
Liz suddenly stopped sobbing and pulled away from Jack. 
“Are you insane?” she hissed with an incredulous look at Joe. 
Giving her a hard look back, he shrugged. 
“You’d really do it, you ass…”
“Well, I’d love to, but it would probably make things worse,” he told her coldly. “Anyway, here’s the deal: Either you call Steve to come back and pick you up, or you take the next train back!”
For a moment she seemed to think about that. Amazingly her make-up still looked perfect despite all the tears. Waterproof must really be waterproof…
“I’m not calling Steve!” she hissed and snuggled up to Jack again as if she had suddenly chosen him to be her protector.
“Well, then I’ll call him,” Joe decided. ”I don’t have a problem telling him that his crazy sister is not with Caroline, like he thought, but that she’s come all the way here to wreck my car and, unfortunately, she ended up having a nervous breakdown instead of me.”
“I just wanted to talk to you,” she screamed. “You wouldn’t talk to me otherwise…”
One arm still draped around her waist Jack had gotten out his phone.
“There’s a train at eight,” he finally said, scrolling through a list of connections. “She’d have to change once…”
Joe looked at his watch. It was only five. Three hours still to go. Plus, it was starting to rain. 
And as much as he would have loved to just leave her here or drop her off at the train station, he knew that they probably shouldn’t leave her alone as she might just do something really, really stupid. Not that taking his car wasn’t stupid enough, but there might still be potential for worse.
He got out his own phone.
“What are you doing?” Liz yelled, trying to pull away from Jack.
She tried to reach out and snatch the phone from Joe, but he had already taken another step away. At the same time, Jack was pulling her back against himself. “You need to calm down, Liz. Now!” Something here reminded him of the taming of some wild, freaked-out animal.
Joe walked over to his car and, perched on the hood of the Volvo, tapped on his phone a few times and then waited for Steve to answer the phone.
“Hi, Steve.” 
Pause.
“Well… I’m doing not so great, actually. We’ve got a problem here…” He paused again and listened to what Steve was saying.
”No, Liz is actually here.”
“Yeah, don’t ask me how, but she’s here. And she just took a little reckless drive with my car, so I get to have that fixed… Anyway, I’d rather not keep her here. And I don’t dare to just put her on a train… and I definitely don’t want to drive her back myself…”
On the other end, Steve said something that made Joe nod.
“Yeah, that would be great. I know it’s absurd, but…” He shrugged.
There was another pause, with Joe listening intently to what Steve was saying.
“We’ll probably wait at my sister’s house,” he told Steve then, “Do you know where that is?”
Pause. Then Joe nodded.
“Yeah, okay. Thanks, Steve!”
He hung up and just remained there for a moment, holding his phone in his lap. 
Finally he looked over at Liz and Jack. 
“He’ll pick her up,” he said. “In an hour or so. Needless to say that he’s not exactly thrilled…”
Liz was fuming. “Great that you have to get him involved in this. And him.” She nodded towards Jack, who had released her, but was keeping a close eye on her.
Joe just shook his head at her.
“Do you really want to go to Sarah’s in the meantime?” Jack asked skeptically.
Joe nodded. “Yeah. She’s out anyway.”
“Oh, okay.” Jack turned to Liz. “I think you better drive with me.”

Back off!
Joe motioned for Jack and Liz to sit at the kitchen table, then went over to the cabinet that held the glasses.
“Anything to drink?” he asked. “Anything non-alcoholic, I mean?” He shot a dark side-glance at Liz.
“Man, aren’t you sharp,” she hissed.
“I’ll have water,” Jack said with an encouraging nod at Joe.
“Me too,” Liz snapped.
Joe filled three glasses with water, sat one in front of Liz, who looked up at him narrow-eyed, and one in front of Jack, who had just pulled the newspaper over and was pointing at the picture on the front page.
“I didn’t realize they finally caught that bastard,” he said.
“Was about time,” Joe said, “guess the last girl he tried to rape was a karate trainer…” He went over to the sink to get his own glass and then just leaned against the counter there. 
He didn’t really feel like sitting down with Liz here. He could hardly stand being in the same room with her. He couldn’t wait for Steve to take her away. He had known that she was irrational and crazy, but what she had done this afternoon went way beyond what he had expected her to be capable of.
~~~
It was after ten minutes in the kitchen, with Liz angrily glaring at Joe, and Jack browsing through the newspaper, that the tense silence was broken by the noise coming through the window in the hallway. The noise of a car pulling into the driveway and a car door being slammed.
“Maybe that’s Steve,” Joe said and pushed himself away from the counter so he could push the buzzer and open the door as soon as the bell rang. 
But then, instead of someone ringing the bell, a key could be heard in the front door.
~~~
Sarah and D had met at the lake after work – each of them driving her own car. They had planned to spend some time at the lake before heading to their favorite Italian restaurant and later to the movies.
Things hadn’t exactly gone as planned, though. 
It had already been cloudy by the time they had met. Twenty minutes after they had changed into their bikinis at the lake it had started to rain. They had quickly changed back into their clothes, packed up their stuff and driven into town, planning to just have an earlier dinner.  They had found the restaurant closed due to a death in the family.
At this point it had been pouring rain and Sarah had suggested taking out Indian food from the place across the street from the Italian restaurant. They could have a cozy evening stretched out on the sofa in her living room, eating their food and watching a film there.
~~~
Sarah reached the house first. D had still wanted to get some dessert from the French patisserie and get gas.
When she had turned into their street, Sarah had immediately spotted the Jeep and Joe’s Volvo that were both parked outside the house. It had made her falter – and growl. Joe being here had not been the plan! He was supposed to be visiting Mom…
What the hell did he do here – with Jack?
When she had suggested to D that they could spend the evening here, she had counted on Joe to be out. And that had seemed kind of important, because she didn’t have the slightest idea what the current status was between him and D. As long as that wasn’t clear she really didn’t want to risk getting into any super-awkward scenes again by bringing them together in one location.
Well, it was too late now. Joe was obviously here and D was coming. She could only hope that, with Jack there as well, they would strictly stick to the script of two people hating and ignoring each other…
~~~
The moment he heard the key in the front door, Joe felt like someone had hit him with a baseball bat. The person unlocking the door could only be Sarah. And, if worse came to worst, she wasn’t alone.
“You’re back already?” Sarah said as she was coming down the hallway towards the kitchen. “What happened to your meeting with - ”
She fell silent and came to a complete halt when she caught the first glimpse of the scene in her kitchen. The standstill lasted for two seconds, then her eyes darted to Joe, her look incredulous. “What is this?” she asked with a nod towards the kitchen table where Liz had leaned back in her chair and was inspecting her long, pink fingernails as if there were nothing more interesting in the world.
Sarah was still looking her brother. 
“Joe!?!” 
Instead of an answer to her earlier question he just blew out a breath and exasperatedly shook his head.
“The short version?” Jack offered from the table.
Nodding, Sarah turned to Jack. “Yeah, the short version would be good…”
“She…” Jack nudged his head at Liz. “She’s come all the way here to steal Joe’s car and threaten to wreck it unless he talks to her.” He paused to give Sarah a chance to catch up with what he was saying. “Well, she wrecked the front of the car regardless. You may not have noticed it when he came, but it’s on the driver’s side… Anyway, until her brother picks her up, we’re kind of stuck here. Sorry! But he’s on his way…”
Sarah exhaled sharply and turned to look at Joe again. “This is not a good idea…” she said darkly and set the bag with the Indian food on the counter between them.
A resigned look on his face, he shrugged. “I thought you were out…” 
“I wish,” Sarah retorted, “but -“ She broke off when the doorbell rang. For a moment she hesitated, then she stepped around Joe and pressed the buzzer on the wall to open the front door.
 
As D’s footsteps approached through the hallway, Joe turned around to the kitchen cabinets. His hands around the edge of the countertop, he leaned on his stretched out arms and tilted his forehead against the cool wood of the cabinet door. This was the absolute worst-case scenario… 

D appeared in the doorway, the package with the pastry in her hand and her expression already somewhat guarded after seeing the Volvo outside. The moment she laid eyes on Liz now, she froze.
“This gets better every minute,” Jack said with dry sarcasm. “Hi, D. Welcome to our little party!”
Sucking in a quick breath, D reached out and got ahold of the doorframe. She needed to hold on to something or she was afraid her knees would give in. This could not be real. Only that Jack’s comment had just confirmed that she was not just having a freaky hallucination.
She glanced over at Sarah, who looked back at her with a strained expression.
Next to Sarah, Joe had his back turned to them and his forehead resting against the kitchen cabinet.
What in the world was this? 
Her first impulse when she had seen Liz had been to turn on her heel and leave. Get out of here.
But then another quick look at Liz made her change her mind.
She was glaring towards Joe’s back, eyebrows raised, an amused smirk on her face, one arm leisurely draped over the back of her chair, her long, tanned legs, that the tight short skirt didn’t hide much, of crossed under the table.
D struggled to pull herself together. 
From the corner of her eye she could see Sarah fold her arms over her chest and shoot Joe an angry look. “I really can’t believe you’d bring her here…” she muttered.
“Oh, it’s so good to see you, too, Sarah…” Liz said with an acidic smile.
Sarah coughed. “Sorry, Liz…” There was no trace of sorry in her voice. “But after that stunt you pulled during the weekend – calling Anja to tell him you’re pregnant. You’re just…”
Liz expression had lit up at the mention of the call. “Oh, about that,” she said merrily, “I guess that was false alarm.”
Sarah caught Joe’s arm just as he whisked around and was about to lunge forward and maybe do something stupid. 
“Joe. Calm down…” she warned and kept her hand around his upper arm even as he leaned back against the counter now, this time facing the kitchen. 
Liz shrugged. “Must have just used the test the wrong way…” she said innocently and gave Joe a provocative direct look.

D, for her part, was still holding the pastry package in her hands and taking the whole scene in like through a haze. But then Liz’s last comment shook her back to life. 
This wicked, stuck-up bitch!
Not quite sure what was driving her, she laid the pastry package on the microwave and stepped further into the kitchen. 
“How’s that possible?” she asked sharply.
Liz squinted. “What?”
“How can you use a pregnancy test the wrong way?” D specified, giving Liz a hard look. 
“Oh, I don’t know…” Liz chirped lightly and shrugged. “Just screwed up somehow, I guess…”
“Well, I lack personal experience with pregnancy tests,” D snarled, her blood boiling now, “but don’t you just have to pee on it? How can you screw that up?”
Liz shook her head in a mix of bafflement and irritation at the interrogation style. 
“I don’t know,” she insisted with a provocative smirk.
“Well, did you maybe suck on it instead?” D inquired.
From the other end of the table there was the muffled noise of Jack trying not to laugh out loud. When both Liz and D shot him an angry look, he raised his hands apologetically.
“That’s actually an excellent question.” Joe had straightened up, looking a bit more involved again.  “How did you do it? Or did you just make it all up?”
Liz gave him a stubborn look back and shrugged. “I just used it the wrong way, I guess…” 
D shook her head. “Na, I don’t think so! You can mess up and get a negative result even though you’re really pregnant, but there’s just no way you’d get a positive test where there really isn’t anything. That’s just ludicrous!”
For a moment Liz stared at D, a hateful expression on her face. Then, suddenly, her face seemed to light up. Her eyes flickered over to Joe and then back to D. And then those eyes slowly and intently returned to Joe. 
Cocking her head at him she pursed her lips. “Oh, now I get it, Honey -” she said in a toxically-sweet tone.
“Just shut it, Liz!” He cut her off, obviously already guessing what she was about to say..
Liz laughed. “Oh, Honey…You’re already back to screwing her, aren’t you!?!”
D gasped, her mind momentarily blank. She couldn’t have heard right, could she? 
She looked at Joe. 
He was staring back at Liz.
Although feeling pretty shaky, D took another step closer to the kitchen table. “What was that?”
Liz had been expectantly looking at Joe. Now she whisked around, seeming surprised to get a reaction from another side, when the punch had primarily been aimed at him. It wasn’t even like she really believed what she had just thrown out there. She had just said it to wind him up.
“What was it you just said?” D repeated more forcefully.
 “You heard me,” Liz said with a shrug.
Giving Liz a piercing look back, D tapped her index finger against her lips as if she had some trouble recalling what had been said.
“Right,” she finally said, her enlightened expression showing that Liz’s words had just come back to her. “I did hear you. Even though, I still can’t believe you’d really say something like that. But I guess that’s just your style, huh?” She rubbed her forehead to chase away an oncoming dizzy spell and took another step up to the table. Placing one hand on the tabletop just above Liz’s knee she leaned down a bit.
Staring back at her, Liz pressed herself against the back of her chair, obviously not quite comfortable with this stand-off.
“Let me tell you something, Liz,” D made sure she dragged the name out in the most ill-sounding fashion. “Just between you and me, okay?”
Liz blinked back at her, an irritated but confused sparkle in her eyes.
“He –” D nudged her head back at Joe. “He’s not – how did you just put it so nicely? – back to screwing me. Okay? But if you really, really need to know, I wouldn’t at all rule it out for the future.”
Liz’s face went blank for a moment. Then she huffed out a shrill-sounding little laugh and pushed her chair back to get further away from D.
“Well, I hope it works better with you…” she hissed, here eyes narrow.
It took D a moment to process what she had just heard. One quick glimpse over at Joe confirmed, though, that this had really been a kick way below the belt line. Straightening up a bit, she swallowed. “Oh, did you have a problem there, Liz?” she then asked sweetly and even managed to keep her voice from trembling.
“Not me. Him!” Liz screamed.
D rolled her eyes so exaggeratedly that, for a second there, she was afraid of dislocating them. 
“Well, you know, Liz,” she said in tone that doctor’s use when they don’t know how to break it to the patient. “I actually don’t remember ever having any complaints in that regard – with him. Really don’t.” She gave Liz a casual shrug that did take all her strength and then shot an obvious look at Joe. “Or do you, Honey?” She managed to perfectly copy Liz’s way of saying it. It felt weird. She had never ever called him that. 
Seeing him briefly close his eyes and bite down on his lower lip was hard to take. She quickly turned her attention back to Liz. “But thanks so much for your concern, Liz,” she said in a provocatively cheerful tone, “but unless you broke more than just his fingers, I’m pretty sure we’ll be just fine once we get around to it… I mean, screwing as you like to call it.”
With that evaluation, she lifted her hand off the table, took a step back and slowly turned around to the door, her entire body feeling unstable and shaky now. 
She kept her eyes on the floor. 
She didn’t want to see their faces. 
And she surely couldn’t look Joe in the eyes now, if ever again.
She needed to get out of here! Before she fell apart!
She willed her feet out of the kitchen and down the corridor. 
She pulled the front door open. 
She needed to get out! And breathe…

Joe caught up with her as she was flinging the driver’s door of her car open.
“Danny, wait!” He got hold of her arm.
She yanked it away.
“I really didn’t know…” he started.
“That’s pretty obvious.” She wasn’t looking at him.
“Listen –” He reached out again, but then pulled back his hand without touching her.
“Just let me go, okay?” She shook her head and dropped into the driver’s seat.
“No, not like that!” he grabbed hold of her door to make sure she couldn’t close it, should she try to.
Her head against the headrest, she blew out a tense breath. “I need to get out of here… Let go of the door, Joe. Please.”
His good hand was tracing the rim of the car door. “You were great,” he said.
Staring out the front window, she nodded darkly. “Yeah, thanks a lot. Only that everything I said in there was just for show.”
“Danny – “ Joe started.
When she looked up at him, her eyes brimming with tears, he fell silent.
“What I said in there doesn’t mean a thing, okay?” she croaked. “That was just between her and me. All for show… I would have said pretty much anything as long as it hurt her.”
“Still, you were great,” he said, his eyes firmly trained on her.
She shook her head and dropped her gaze to the pavement between them. “Let me go,” she said and reached for the door handle to close the door.
“Can I come by later?” he asked, still holding on to the door.
She shook her head. “I don’t think that’s a good idea…”
Her words had an effect on his expression as if she had slapped him.
“I really need to digest this,” she said, “I need to think…about everything.”
He nodded darkly. “That’s exactly what I’m afraid of.”
“Joe…” She pulled on the door again and there was a tear rolling down her cheek. With a quick move of her other hand she wiped it away. “Take your hands off that door… I’m serious. I really don’t want to break your fingers…”
For a moment Joe hesitated. Then he lifted his hands in a surrendering gesture.
She pulled the door shut with a loud bang.
And he opened the back door and slipped into the seat behind her.
She puffed out an exasperated breath. “Get out!” she growled weakly.
“I’m not getting out before you tell me what the deal is here!” He scooted to the center of the backseat and placed his left hand on the back of her seat with his fingertips almost touching her shoulder.
She jerkily turned around to him, a distressed look on her face. “Just back off and leave me alone, Joe!”
His jaw clenched he stared back at her.
“I don’t think it’s going to work…” she said quietly.
“What’s not going to work?” A needless question – asked only to gain time. 
“You and me…” she said, her voice muffled. “Honey…”
He swallowed. “And you just realized that now why?”
D chewed on her lower lip. “Guess I just had a real eye-opening experience in there…”
“Meaning?”
“Meaning that–” She dug her fingers into the side of her seat. “Crap Joe, I can pretend all I want that you’re the same guy I used to know a few years ago. But it just isn’t true!” She shook her head. ”I mean – just now, in there… I… I look at her, and I look at you and I realize…– wow, you’ve been together for how long? Honey?”
Joe irritably shook his head. “Just stop the Honey-crap, okay?” 
 “I’ll stop that, don’t worry,” she said, shooting him a glance through the rearview mirror. “But it is ironic, don’t you think? You used to hate the Honey-Baby-Sweetie names. At least that’s what you told me. And using the L-word - oh, we don’t need that. You’re just not that kind of guy…” She let out a bitter laugh and there suddenly was another tear rolling down her cheek that she wiped off swiftly with the back of her hand. “And here she is, calling you Honey, and I don’t even want to start imagining your names for her.” She sucked in a shaky breath. “I bet she helped your phobia regarding the L-word too, didn’t she?”
For a moment Joe sat motionless, his expression hard.
“Why on earth did you have to get involved with her?” D asked.  She was still looking at him through the rearview mirror. “I really don’t blame you for getting tired of me. Happens all the time. If it doesn’t feel right, you pretty much have to make a cut. But that you left with her!?! That’s just … Grrr… Couldn’t you have found someone halfway sane?”
 Staring down at the floor mat, Joe was scrambling for something to say. But what she was dishing up here was so complex that he didn’t even know where to start with a possible response. 
That it hadn’t been his being tired of her? 
That it had had nothing to do with it not being right? Because it may have been perfect if he hadn’t gotten cold feet? 
That he should have used the L-word with her, because there had never been more justification for it? 
That he knew pretty well himself that Liz had been a really bad choice?
“Danny, that’s not…”
“Get out, Joe! Please…”
His eyes darted up to the mirror. “Yeah, and then what?”
Instead of an answer she dropped her gaze.
“Explain to me, why what happened in there makes such a big difference to you,” he demanded. “Because, quite honestly, I don’t get it. You knew about me and Liz. It wasn’t a secret, and it’s not like you walked in there tonight and happened to discover the unthinkable just now. So what is it?” He leaned forward again, his hand back on her seat. “It’s not like you didn’t know about me and Liz over the past few days while we were–” When he saw her face turn hard, he decided not to finish his sentence.
“Of course, I knew about you and Liz,” she admitted darkly, her eyes trained on something outside. “Maybe I was in denial though, as to what this really means – until I just saw her in there. Larger than life…”
Shaking his head, Joe let out a bitter laugh. “Yeah, well, that’s just her. And yeah, I don’t know what I was thinking getting involved with her. You happy now? Had my learning curve, alright? Shit, Danny, what do you expect me to tell you?”
“I don’t expect you to tell me anything. Because you can’t solve the problem…”
“Which is?”
“That I’m just not sure anymore who you really are. I feel like… like maybe I don’t know you at all.”
For a moment he stared at her from the side, her words still eerily ringing in his ears. Then he exhaled. And nodded. 
“Okay,” he said flatly, scooted over and swung his legs out of the car.
“I’m sorry,” she choked, “but that’s what it is.”
“Yeah. I get it.” 
“I need to think…” she said, “…about everything.”
He coughed. “Well, yeah! You should definitely think! I’ll back off, don’t worry! Take your time and think! I can’t help you with that!” 
He slammed the car door shut and walked back to the house.

Note from the author:
This is where we have to leave Joe and D - at least for the moment. 
They still have a lot to work out between each other and for themselves and any other ending would therefore have been unrealistic – at least in my opinion.
For all of you who absolutely hate this ending and can’t live with it, realistic or not, there is an alternate (happy) ending below – a quick fix.
For everyone else, the story continues in parts 2 and 3 of this series, which will take you to London, Amsterdam and Florence, as Joe and D figure out what they really want. And maybe we’ll also pay some more attention to Jack and the girl he’s in love with… In any event, there will be happy end. We’re just not quite there yet.

Please take the time to review this book, as it’s only through readers like you that the word gets out…
Since I mainly wrote the story for myself and some friends, there is no marketing or social media machine whatsoever pushing it.

Billy Wood-Smith

Alternate Ending
So, here's an experimental alternate ending....
It starts in Chapter ‘Back Off’ when D walks out of the house after her exchange with Liz. See what you think.

~~~

D willed her feet out of the kitchen and down the corridor. She pulled the front door open. Staggered out.
Out!
She needed to get out! And breathe…
She could feel the cool soothing air flood her lungs.
Like in a haze she made it over to her car.
Joe caught up with her as she flung the driver’s door open.
“Danny, wait!” He grabbed her arm.
She yanked it away.
“I really didn’t know…” he started.
“That’s pretty obvious,” D retorted while turned away from him and trying to get into the car.
Joe grabbed hold of her arm again and held her back. This time his grip was tight enough so she couldn’t just pull herself free. Surprisingly, she didn't even try to fight him, though. For a moment she just stood there – rigid and with her back to him. Then she slumped her shoulders and turned around to him.
“Just let me go!” she muttered with an exasperated shake of her head.
“Can’t do that,” Joe announced with some determination. “At least not like that!”
Briefly closing her eyes, D swallowed. That hand around her arm felt so nice and warm and comforting – and at the same time she just couldn’t stand it, because she knew that finding it nice and warm and comforting might only get her hurt in the long run. She couldn’t deal with him right now. Not after what had just happened in Sarah’s kitchen. She so wished he hadn’t followed her. She needed to go home and digest this - if that was even possible.
Joe loosened his grip on her arm a bit, relieved that she seemed to have given up her flight plan at least for the moment. He didn’t like the way she wasn’t looking at him, but at least she was still here.
“You were great,” he said, eyeing her cautiously.
She huffed out an incredulous breath and shot him a split-second glance up as if to check if he was actually serious.
“Yeah, thanks a lot!” she scoffed then, her eyes back on the ground. “Felt just great to have a little chat with her about that kind of stuff." Her tone was dripping with sarcasm. "That just really made my day, Honey!" She put a purring emphasis on the last word, obviously trying to imitate Liz.
Joe clenched his jaw.
“Now let me go, Honey,” she said and pulled on her arm.
Exhaling audibly, Joe drew a little closer. His hand around her arm remained where it was. Just to be on the safe side…
Her eyes had flickered up to him as he had taken the step towards her. When she found herself caught in his gaze she quickly looked away – over towards the house. Having him stand so close made this so much harder.
“What I said in there doesn’t mean a thing, okay?” she muttered, her voice trembling now. “That was just between her and me. All just for show…” She cleared her throat. “I would have said pretty much anything as long as it hurt her, Honey.”
Joe ground his teeth. This was such a mess. Why in the world had he not just asked Jack to take Liz to the train station and make sure she got on some train – any train?
“Let me go, Joe,” D interrupted his thoughts and pulled her arm out of his grip. “I really need to digest this. And I need to think. About everything.”
“Right. Like that’s ever been a good idea,” Joe said drily and scratched his chin with the brace around his right hand.
“I just really need to –” she started.
“Let me come by later, okay?” He interrupted her and gently nudged her shoulder with his braced hand.
Avoiding eye contact, she shook her head.
“Danny, come on,” Joe said and raised his other hand to her face. He was almost certain that she’d snort and pull away. But then she didn’t. As he ran the back of his thumb over her jaw, he could see her briefly close her eyes and suck in a shaky breath.
“Don’t do this!” she croaked as he lightly traced the shell of her ear with his index finger. “Don’t…” With a pained, accusing look she tilted her head away from his hand, desperately trying to hold it together.
“Couldn’t help it,” he said with an apologetic shrug and dropped his hands to his side.
“I can’t believe you were with that bitch for three years,” she said with a wary shake of her head. “Three years, Honey…”
“Yeah, three years,” he confirmed with some irritation. “And could you actually stop the Honey-crap now? I just hate that!”
She glanced up, looking surprised. “Yeah, that’s what I would have thought,” she said, her tone scathing now. “Because, as long as I can remember, you always used to hate those names…”
“I still do,” he said, his eyes firmly trained on her.
She shrugged jerkily. “Yeah, and still I could have sworn I heard her call you Honey more than just once. And I don’t even want to start imagining your names for her.”
“There weren’t any…” Joe said curtly.
“Yeah right,” she scoffed and dropped her gaze.
Watching her, Joe could see her swallow. So typical. Release all kinds of sarcastic and stubborn comments while struggling not to come apart. He was hard-pressed to touch her again. That seemed to be so much more effective than arguing with her.
“I can still kind of hear you,” she said warily and interrupted his thoughts about a more physical approach. “Oh, I’m not into the Honey-Baby-Sweety names…” she was doing a bad imitation of him now, her voice trembling. “And I don’t do the L-word. Because – well – I’m just not that kind of guy…” She shook her head. “I bet Liz helped you over your phobia with the L-word too!”
“No, she didn’t,” Joe said sharply, struggling to stay calm. “The L-word’s still as terrifying as always.”
Giving him a split-second look as if to check his expression, she scratched her left eyebrow. Then, staring at the pavement beside them, she drew in an audible breath. “Why on earth did you have to get involved with her?” she asked, “I mean – I don’t blame you for getting tired of me. Guess that just happens when it’s not right. But that you left with her!?! That’s just…” She broke off as her voice suddenly failed her. “Grrr… Couldn’t you have found someone halfway sane?”
His gaze drifting off to the roof of her car, Joe chewed on his lower lip. “Yeah, well, I don’t know...” he said slowly. He was not a big fan of relationship talk in general, and he didn’t think he was very good at it either. Having to do this out on the street without any prior preparation was less than ideal. But the way it looked, this might be his only chance to straighten things out. He could either take that chance or leave it – but if he let her drive off now, that might be it. Her thinking things over surely wouldn’t lead her to the realization that he was particularly good for her. And even if it did lead her there, she would probably never admit it.
Running his hand over the ledge above the car door, he cleared his throat. “I don’t think it had much to do with you and me not being good together,” he finally said. “And I wasn’t tired of you either.”
For a moment there was total silence.
“Well, what else?” D asked then. She sounded baffled.
“I don’t know,” Joe said uncomfortably, his eyes slowly trailing over to her face. “Maybe the problem was that you and me were too good together…”
Her eyebrows snapped together. “Huh?”
Joe shrugged apologetically. “Maybe it was me – my getting cold feet because it was way better than anything ever before.” He paused for a moment and weighed his words. “And my being scared to death because this might just be it and it might last forever.”
D was staring at him, looking stunned. “Well, you managed to keep that from happening,” she said quietly and looked away as her eyes welled up.
“Yeah, because I was a total idiot,” Joe said softly.
Silence.
“I told you after the grill party that I wish I’d done some things differently,” he said. “That’s one of the things – in case you were wondering. The main thing, actually... I wish I hadn’t screwed it up.”
He looked at her and saw her stare at the ground, blinking uncontrollably – trying to pull herself together.
He reached out. And gave her shoulder a gentle squeeze. 
“Hey…” he said with a lopsided smile.
It made her glance up, her eyes still brimming with tears. “Maybe it wouldn’t have worked out then anyway,” she croaked.
He cocked his head questioningly.
She cleared her throat. “Maybe we both needed the time,” she said shakily.
He let out a little chuckle. “Oh, the time to make some bad experiences?” he teased.
A shy smile appeared on her face, and she nodded. “Kind of…”
“Could be…” Joe said slowly, his eyes meshing with hers. “We could always give it another try.”
With that he was leaning closer and brought his left hand to her cheek. He saw her blink, but she held his gaze.
“And as for the L-word…” he said, leaning his forehead against hers and pulling her a little closer with his braced hand against her back.  “Let me try something, okay?” He sucked in a quick breath.
He heard her swallow, but she didn’t say anything.
“Well, maybe you could first do something with those arms…” he nudged his arm against hers. “Limply hanging down again.”
“Okay, sorry…” With a little chuckle she put her arms around his shoulder. “Better?”
“Mhmmm.”
“What did you want to try?” she asked.

“Something I’ve never done before.” He drew in another breath. “Okay. Here it goes,” he announced. “I love you.”
For a moment there was total silence. And Joe concluded that this was obviously not what she had expected. She had pulled away a little and gave him a stunned look.
He shrugged. “Yeah, that’s me using the L-word…” He blew out some air as if he had just accomplished something exhausting. “Wow. And that's really scary.” He gave her a crooked smile. “But I mean it. It’s not just some line I say everyday…”
“Wow…” She let out a weak little chuckle and scraped her teeth over her bottom lip.
“I love you…” he said again and traced her jaw with his fingertips.
“I love you too,” whispered, her eyes meeting his. “Unfortunately it seems like I just can’t get rid of that…”
He laughed and pushed his hand back under her ear, against the back of her neck and leaned in.
“And I don’t want you to get rid of it,” he whispered, nose to nose with her now.
“Okay,” she said as if she was still considering this.
And as his lips were already brushing over hers she muttered, “I’ll stop trying then.”
“Mhmmm…”

--The End---


Please review the book!



