ADVENTURE OF A LIFETIME


CHARLES E BUTLER
Copyright © 2015 CHARLES E BUTLER
ISBN-13: 978-1518897460
ISBN-10: 1518897452


DEDICATION


	I dedicate this story to my dear sweet momma, and my giant of a nephew-Jordan! May she rest in peace and God guide him all the days of his life.


CONTENTS



Introduction
i
1
Chapter: A Tender Heart
1
2
Chapter: Uncle Jared and the “Virgin Queen” 
Pg #11
3
Chapter: A Hero's Heart
Pg #18
4
Chapter: Treacherous Waters
Pg #30
5
Chapter: Unks Returns
Pg #49
6
Chapter: Guardian Angel
Pg #62
7
Chapter: A Day to Remember
Pg #82
8
Chapter: Panic Over the Atlantic
Pg #105
9
Chapter: Romance Begins
Pg #117
10
11
12
Chapter: A Heavy Heart
Chapter: Springtime in Lisbon
Chapter: A Time Forgotten
Pg #133
Pg#152
Pg#165

INTRODUCTION


	True love is finding that part of you only another can complete. It requires risking our deepest emotions, secret thoughts, and most cherished desires to someone for the very first time. Exposing our heart is the hardest thing we will ever do in this life. We choose only to do this after we find someone we trust, and often adore. 
	Life was never meant to walk alone. While there are many types of love, there is only one valiant knight for each destitute princess. For a heart comes in halves; and true love has room to share but one other heart. 
	This is a story in search of that missing half heart. This is a journey through the amazing chain of events that weighs down a particular man’s heart. Each heavy link was forged in the flames of fate so many years ago. This trouble no heart should bear. 
	I often heard it said: you can love many women, but really love only one. That is the way God made our hearts. But, who am I to define love? Better minds than mine have failed miserably to answer this impossible question. 
	I do know something about love. The greatest love is always found through great sacrifice. It demands lying down one’s own life to the benefit of another. Sometimes it requires this impossible burden from even the most innocent of hearts. Sometimes fate wraps its miserable shackles even around the heart of a child. This is just such a story!






 
Chapter 1: A Tender heart


A gentle warm spring breeze ripples the red and white plaid table cloth tickling the knees of Cass. He stares at the line of linen dancing in the morning sunshine while smelling the sweet clean sent each mild “whoosh” sneaks past the open kitchen window. His short arms prop his small head as he watches the clothesline become a vast shimmering ocean. A sheet gust upward in the morning breeze revealing it's really a terrible menace. A shirt and a dress dance off in the opposing direction as they try frantically to escape the clutches of this dreadful dragon’s claws. They attempt to swim away while holding hands as the fast approaching peril grows closer. Just now, the foe scrapes the shoulder of the valiant man whom has put himself in harms way between the dragon and the distressed damsel whom he is trying to protect. 
	In this moment, Cass yells, “No!” 
	The abrupt outburst immediately settles the encroaching dragon, the valiant man, and the distressed damsel back into the gentile formation of attention. But, it also alerts momma.
	Cass feels the pressure of a loving warm hand press down and swish his hair. In his solitude he realizes this particular adventure has ended. Slowly, an adoring giant face journeys down beside his. 
	“Has my beautiful boy taken another amazing adventure?” 
	A tender warm kiss ever so slightly tickles his cheek, and then her lips reply, “What a wonderful adoring mind.” 
	Momma returns to her baking as Cass revels in the praise his ravenous heart so much desires. Her unconditional love fills the 
room, the house, and his heart every day of his short life.	
	How Cass loves his momma. This wonderful woman is the most beautiful creature ever captured by such an innocent heart. She is every distressed damsel in every misfortune a seven year old imagination could ever hope to rescue. While his teachers’ think his wondering mind is a hindrance, his doting mother claims otherwise. She reads amazing stories to him every day. One of his favorites is the bible story of the amazing “Sampson and Delilah.” And at night, she blesses Cass with her own wonderful dreamy imagination. How momma loves her handsome son. 
	This night is a very special night. As momma tucks her Prince Charming in, she proclaims her special treat to him. 
	“If you promise not to say a word, I will show you something I made especially for you.” 
	Cass nods his confirmation to momma as she kneels and grabs this hidden treasure from under his bed. She stands and makes a spot on the bed next to him by wiping a flat area on the blanket with her hand. Carefully, she sits on the bed while clutching her surprise. Cass’ face looks ready to explode under the pressure of patience. But, he remains true to his promise and bites his sucked in lips. 
	She extends one of her arms and drapes it around Cass’ other side, and then pulls him slightly towards her lap. With her other arm, she lowers the surprise from her bosom, and then places it in between them. 
	Momma whispers, “I know how much you love adventures. So, I decided to make you one of my own.” 
	Cass marvels at the pastel pallet of colors covering the book. 	
	As he begins to open his mouth, momma raises her “Shhh” finger and replies, “It’s called ‘The Monkey Puzzle Tree.’ I want this to be a very special gift for a very special little prince.” 
	Momma explains that the monkey on the cover is named Pepito. The tree behind him is filled with impossible obstacles that no monkey has ever been able to overcome. The tree is 
unbelievably huge, and its impossible branches begin in the misty clouds towering way, way above. Glistening spiked thorns cover the base of the tree; which is way to round for any monkey to wrap its small arms around. 
	She asks Cass, “You do know how much monkey’s love to climb trees?” 
	Cass looks into momma’s smiling eyes and slowly nods up, and then down. 
	“Well then, we’ll have to see if Pepito has an imagination like yours.” 
	She turns the cover and begins to read. Each turn of the page brings another astonishing illustration of Pepito’s life, and one more obstacle for him to overcome. Momma slowly speaks her poetic story as Cass’ imagination wanders along with Pepito. Momma reads the last page as she points to the conquering Pepito on top this incredible tree. Cass’ eyes finally begin growing heavy as they push down on his cheeks forming a comforting smile. 
	Momma continues reading, “Pepito looks from north to south as his head spins all around. ‘I can see the Monkey Sea and several other towns.’ He then pulls out his Monkey Scope to see what else he’s found, just to see monkeys climbing trees in every other town. Tears of joy, so filled with pride, as his tiny heart pounds, pounds; while hearing, ‘Boy, we knew he would,’ and cheering from the ground.” 
	Momma finishes her story as Cass’ eyes finally close. She speaks very softly the last sentence, “And, all the world was right.” 	She stands while quietly closing the book. Momma leans over and kisses her baby before placing her treasure on the nightstand next to him. Finally, she turns off the light while closing the door, leaving just a peek of light. 
	Through the crack she whispers, “Goodnight my knight in shining armor, and may God lead, bless, and protect you all the days of your life.”
	Most of Cass’ days are spent in momma’s classroom. She decides she is the best teacher for her handsome son. She takes him on picnics as they explored the country side. Each day is another shared adventure. His momma is more than amazing. She is a brilliant person with the knowledge only a well educated woman would posses. 
	Cass does not know much about his momma’s past, just that she is here now, and loving him totally and unconditionally. 
	She teaches him science as they explored the nature of nature. He learns how all living things are born, live together, work together, reproduced, and then return to the dust. She teaches him geometry and mathematics using things around them. She shows him how to find out how tall a tree is just by using a tree branch the same length of his arm. 
	“Stand the branch upwards and hold your arm level. Now back away while looking at the top of your branch until it touches the top of the tree.” 
	Cass does as momma instructs. 
	As he stops, momma states, “Now draw a line at your toes. If you were to cut down that tree, its top would just miss your toes. That's using what is known as a 45 degree angle. You can also pace off the distance between you and the tree to figure out how tall the tree is.” 
	She continues teaching him equation; but also practical ways to use this new found knowledge. She also instructs him on foreign exotic languages, such as: French, Latin, Portuguese, and German. Momma becomes his best teacher, because she always knows how to inspire his learning. The history, the arts, and literature become his favorite subjects; especially those dealing with romantic adventures. 
	She only tells stories with unforgettable moral endings. She knows her little man loves her, but she never knew how much. You see, Cass was falling more and more in love with her everyday. He has no desire for anything else in this world, accept being in the shadow of his sweet momma. That will soon change!
	As so often is the case, the joyful simplicity of life is interrupted by the complexity of the unexplainable and unimaginable. This is to be the beginning of sorrows for Cass. 
	Momma develops a cough that soon becomes uncontrollable. For two long days and two sleepless nights, she tries every remedy she can remember, and even new concoctions her scientific mind can create. Nothing helps her in the slightest. She knows she needs special attention, but she seems to dread going into town for help. 
	Cass has never seen the town, and this seems like an exquisite chance for adventure. Momma feels otherwise. This is why they live on a farm far from town producing everything they both need to live, and then some. Cass will soon find out the reason for her 
apprehension. 
	It seems the chill of the morning air is just too much for her. As Cass stands in the doorway, he notices momma is wearing her warm winter coat on such a wonderful warm autumn day. Cass exits the house and waits on the porch while momma grabs her rather large purse. 
	Cass proclaims, “You see momma, it’s not cold out.” 
	Yet, he watches as she still shivers under the monstrosity of fur. 
	She grabs his hand and hurries off walking towards town. Her other hand is dedicated to covering her coughs. Cass knows something is wrong while feeling his mother’s clammy trembling hand. After the second mile across the beautiful countryside, momma stops a moment to rest. 
	She coughs while asking, “How’s my little man doing?” 
	He wants to tell her everything is wonderful, but he senses something's just not right. He thinks a moment, but he cannot remember her ever being sick. This begins to worry Cass. 
	Momma sees the wrinkles of worry forming on his forehead. His puzzled stare and down-turned frown is something she cannot remember either. 
	“Don’t worry my son. We are going to see the doctor. He will give me the right medicine to make momma all better.” 
	These words of encouragement seem to lift his spirit. His face returns to smiling. He finds new strength to help lead his momma along, as they proceed towards the doctor in town. 
	Cass can feel her strength diminish with each further step she takes. Soon, he finds his ten year old body is pulling her weight. She continues to cough between each gasping breath. She gradually becomes harder and harder to pull along.
	Cass sees the town first. His worry turns immediately into great expectation. This is not the adventure he longs for, but for the help awaiting his beautiful dear momma. They turn off the old country path onto the asphalt pavement. Cass has never seen this type of road before. He is about to see many things for the first time. 
	The nearer the town they get, the more he notices the colorful hanging decorations. These obscure objects soon turn into numerous American flags, draping every street corner. 
	Across the entrance of the town is a white cloth banner. 	
	Big bold letters state, “Welcome Home Heroes!” 
	Cass asks momma what this means. 
	She tries to explain, but she can only say, “The great war is over.” 
	Cass did not even know there was such a thing. He sees that momma’s white handkerchief has turned pink and red. Momma continues to cough harder with each passing step. 
	They reach the first of many white concrete walkways that require they step up. This is something else new to Cass. Seeing all the tall buildings and glimmering glass of the “display windows” is another. Cass tries to glimpse inside each passing shop window with his eagerness to venture inside. But, he knows the doctor’s office is much more important than his immediate desire. 
	A crowd of young men stand just ahead. Momma and Cass approach this group of unruly teenagers that will rudely change Cass' heart forever.
	The group is very slow to move aside and allow Momma and him passage. Only one young man bothers to bid them “good day.” Momma’s coughing seems to scare them though. This causes the boys to notice her stained hanky, and her face. As momma and Cass pass between them, one of the boys starts calling momma a “witch.” 
	“I think she may be the most hideous creature walking the Earth.” 
	He moves backward hastily, as another thug calls momma an “elephant” before darting off. This is due to her unusually large long nose. In this moment something beautiful breaks in Cass. It is something that will follow him the rest of his life. 
	He grows angry and pushes aside the remaining juveniles hindering their progression; even though they are much bigger. Cass has never felt this sensation before. As they pass the herd, he learns how to hate for the very first time. His momma was, is, and will always be the most beautiful creature God ever created. In his heart he knows this. No greater love is there than his.
	They notice another crowd about two blocks ahead of their current location. 
	Momma tells Cass, “That must be where the doctor’s office is.” 	
	She continues to cover her mouth along their brisk walk. They hear a strange term being echoed throughout the crowd as they approach. It seems everyone is upset about something. A particular confusing word is repeated over and over in their strange conversation. It is the word “influenza.” 
	The crowd hears momma's cough and sees her crimson stained handkerchief. They quickly move aside to let her pass. Cass feels the respect this group gives towards this woman that Cass knows possesses such dignity and honor. 
	Cass urgently pulls his coughing momma inside the front door to find many others in coats holding red stained handkerchiefs. There is no place to sit, so momma and Cass stand and wait. It seems like an eternity waiting for the attending receptionist to address them. 
	Cass feels momma unintentionally stoop several times. Suddenly, her hand loosens from his clutch. He looks around to request help, but everyone seems preoccupied with their own coughing and stooping. 
	Momma collapses onto the man in front of her. Her unintended intrusion forces the man to automatically step forward, allowing momma to fall the rest of the way down onto the floor. 
	Cass screams, “Momma!” 
	Several potential patients wave frantically to the receptionist attempting to alert her about momma. Several others try yelling to the receptionist about the woman lying on the office floor. 
	Cass tries turning his sweet mother over. The office door suddenly swings open. A large man with a white coat abruptly appears with another man. A woman with a white cap follows just behind. The large man wearing hoses around his neck helps turn momma over. 
	He barks out a command, “Make room for her!” 
	The other gentleman following him asks, “Doctor, is she alive?” 
	Cass’ heart drops. He yells, “Momma, momma, wake up!” 	
	The doctor proclaims, “She’s alive son.  She’s just very weak.” 	
	He continues to probe momma by pointing his tiny flashlight into her eyes. He opens momma’s coat, and then presses the end of his long black hose on her chest. 
	“Yes son, she is alive, but she is very, very tired.” 
	Cass starts to cry tears of joy and sobs of concern for his dear wonderful momma.
	The doctor tells the lady with the white cap to contact the hospital. 
	He quietly says, “See if they have room for one more case.” 	
	Another lady appears. She pushes a rolling bed through the crowded waiting area towards momma. Both men grab momma and place her on it. Cass watches as they extend the bed amazingly upward. They urgently begin rolling momma through the door they first came out of. 
	The doctor is the last person through the door. 
	He stops the door from completely closing, and then waves towards Cass, “Come on son, you can come.” 
	Cass darts towards the bright opening shining through this darkened waiting area. As he enters, he sees more people on expanded beds lining the long white pristine hallway. 
	The exhausted doctor pats Cass’ back while telling him, “Son, you wait here with momma until the men from the hospital come for her.” 
	The doctor’s compassion comforts Cass’ worried pounding heart. 
	Cass moves close to where momma’s resting head lay. He looks down the bright hall and sees the doctor entering a room at the far end. Cass remains confused to all that is happening, but he is content in knowing momma is being taken care of. He grabs the rails surrounding the bed, and then proceeds to stretch his body upward. He brings his face close to momma’s head. He learns over and gently moves her hair away from her eyes with his small warm hand.
 	“Momma, oh momma,” he whispers. 
	Tears slowly drip down on momma’s face. Cass moves closer, and then slightly kisses her forehead. As he pushes slowly away, he notices momma’s eyes open slightly. Cass’ beautiful momma strains out her wonderful smile. She tries lifting her arm to touch him, but her strength is drained. Cass grabs her hand and presses it to his mouth and kisses it. Tears form in the corner of momma’s eyes. 
	She whispers, “My sweet handsome boy. How I love you.” 	
	Cass tells her, “Momma, please get better.” 
	Her eyes close as he finishes speaking his request.
	Moments later, two men wearing blue jackets appear. 
	One man asks Cass, “Is this your mother?” 
	Cass slowly nods his small head up and down. 
	“We’re here to take her to the hospital. You’ll have to wait here young man.” 
	Both Cass’ hands immediately clench tight on the top railing. 	
	Cass proclaims, “I’m going too!” 
	Another man grabs Cass around his body and tries to pry him away. Cass’ elevated flinging body refuses to let go of the gurney. 
	The first man says, “Let him come along. We need to hurry. Son, you can ride with us in the ambulance.” 
	Cass finally let’s goes, allowing the men to push momma down the long white hall.
	Moments later they arrive at the “Emergency Room” entrance of the hospital. Cass follows the men wheeling momma quickly inside. Cass’ short legs run to stay just behind the fast moving gurney. 
	“Stay close kid,” one of the men commands. 
	They cut a path through the packed entrance way filled with many coughing people of all ages. Many have the same colored red and pink hanky momma has.
	A woman with a funny white hat stops the men. She grabs a flat board lying atop momma’s coat, and then stares at it. Seconds later, she tells the men to follow her. 
	As she rushes up this long white hall, she yells, “Doctor, doctor, we have another case!” 
	The men speed towards the doctor as the lady with the fun hat stops. 
	She states, “You can’t come son.” 
	Urgency fills Cass’ face once more. 
	She asks, “Do you see the ‘Nurse’s Station’?” 
	She points to an area halfway down the hall. 
	“There are chairs there. Go sit in one sweetie, and I promise I’ll come get you soon.” 
	Cass is hesitant, but complies with the lady’s heartfelt request. As he moves towards the waiting area, he sees the lady with the funny hat disappears back into the chaos and the frenzy near the “Emergency Room” entrance way. Cass doesn’t know, but this will be the last time he will see his dear momma-alive. 






Chapter 2: Uncle Jared and the “Virgin Queen”


There is no glue known by man that is able to mend a broken heart. 
	Rain pours down hiding the tears coming from Cass’ eyes. But, he does not care to hide his emotions. He just wants momma to hold him, hug him, and comfort him once more. Instead, the only thing he feels is the cold wet rain. He stands near the clothesline that gave him so many wonderful adventures. These poles now mark the area where his adoring momma’s ashes will be spread. 
	A harsh raspy voice alongside him asks, “Son, did your mom ever tell you about me? I’m your Uncle. I’m your mother's brother Jared.” 
	Cass is unmoved by his introduction. He just stares across the countryside. A tall man dressed in black speaks a type of poem as he shakes momma’s dusty remains over the ground. Jared bends slightly down and stares at Cass. 
	He quietly states, “I see you get your pretty face from your father.” 
	Cass abruptly turns and kicks the stout fellow in the shin before angrily running off. 
	A heavy set lady standing alongside Jared says, “Well, you better go after the tike.” 
	Uncle Jared remains steadfast. He mumbles, “I don’t think young Cass truly appreciates my compliment. I’ll give him some 
time to come to himself, and then I’ll go get him.” 
	He watches the steaming Cass disappears over the distant hill blurred by the mist of the cold rain. 
	Eventually, Cass’ short legs give way under the weight of this enormous burden. He falls just in front of the tree that momma named the “Tree of Mathematics.” This is the tree she used to demonstrate her geometry principles. This place comforts Cass. It feels like momma might still be here. He pulls himself to his knees and yells towards Heaven. 
	“Momma! God, give her back to me!” 
	His bent sobbing head only sees the warm steam rising up from his chilled body. 
	He yells once more, “Give me your answer!” 
	Cass slams his head forward into the cold clammy mud that his shaking knees have created. 
	A shadow moves over Cass. This dark cloud causes the rain to stop. A peaceful shadow settles down on him as his exhausted body drifts off into unconsciousness. 
	Uncle Jared tells the heavy woman, “Lucy, I think I’ve got my hands full.” 
	He tucks the remainder of his worn “pea coat” around Cass before hoisting him over his shoulder. 
	Lucy remarks, “Maybe, but I just got this feeling about him. He’s going to be something special.”  
	Cass slowly wakes to the “clanging” of metal approaching through a warm vapor of steam. He rubs his crusty eyes while attempting to sit up. He sees an eerie apparition drifting towards him through the moist warm mist while carrying something. 
	Cass thinks, “Is that you momma?” 
	He leans a little closer into the fog and hits his head on something hard. As he rubs the spot throbbing, his prior question is answered. 
	“That is lesson number two young fellow. Never jump up on a ship bunk. First, is learning how to take a compliment.” 
	Uncle Jared moves in plain view of Cass, handing him a tin container of something steaming hot. 
	“Here’s some of the ‘Captain’s Special,’ and a spoon to boot.” 	Uncle Jared shoves the tin onto Cass’ lap. Cass immediately jiggles the hot container between his knees. He stares at Jared as he fumbles for a section of blanket to tuck between the hot concoction and the bare skin of his legs. Uncle stops short of handing Cass a spoon, and then pulls it back before his eyes. As he stares at the spoon, Jared pulls out a dirty looking rag from his pocket. 
	“Ahhh, the stupid “mess orderly” missed a spot.” 
	Uncle Jared spits on the spoon and rubs the spot off with his filthy rag. 
	“Here you go son. It’s as good as new.” 
	Cass reluctantly takes the spoon and proceeds to eat the stew. 	
	“That’s a good sailor,” Jared laughs. 
	Cass thinks this is some kind of test from the crude scruffy man. If this is a test, Cass is determined to win it. It seems the events of the last several days have toughened his tender heart. Cass stubbornly chews twice, and then swallows the bland stew. 
	Jared says, “In case you’re wondering, I took the liberty of finding you some new duds.” 
	Cass suddenly realizes he is naked under the blanket. 
	“Here are some clothes and some clean skivvies. I threw your old wet clothes away. You have a new life son, and the proper attire to address it.” 
	Cass sees his smiling uncle pointing towards the stack of clothes lying at the end of his bunk. Cass grabs it, and then slides the stack under the blanket. 
	Jared rips his blanket off while remarking, “There's no sense of being modest here. You’re a merchant marine sonny.” 
	Cass hurries to cover his naked body as he asks, “Are you the captain?” 
	Uncle Jared just laughs. “No boy, that tile has avoided me my entire life. I work for a living. I’m 22 years a ‘ship’s mate’ first-class.” 	
	Uncle Jared very proudly and boldly proclaims his title while assuming the position of attention. 
	“And, I've spent 22 wondrous years aboard this ship, the ‘Virgin Queen’.” 
	Cass finishes dressing while his uncle proceeds with his discussion before returning to eating the “Captain’s Special.” 
	“Let me share some wisdom with you, boy. Always accept a compliment graciously. I meant no disrespect to your dear mother the other day. I too love my sister; although I don’t think she had much regard for the likes of me.” 
	Jared’s comment is the first real sign of compassion shown towards momma. Cass continues to listen as he has not before. 
	“A quick tongue and a slow mind are the fastest way to get a man hurt. You’ll find more friendships start with a quick mind and a slow tongue. I might not be ever a rich man, but I do have a treasure chest filled with many pearls of wisdom.” 
	Cass seems eager to learn more about this once inconsiderate, uncompassionate, and ignorant man. 
	“Take the compliment. Always take the compliment.” 
	Cass slowly and vividly recounts the moments before his shin kick. 
	He lifts his head and says, “Thank you Uncle Jared for thinking I am so pretty.” 	
	Uncle Jared proceeds to slap Cass’ shoulder. 
	“You’re most graciously welcome young feller.” 
	Both form a gradual smile as Jared winks at Cass. 
	“There’s hope for you yet, laddie. Never have I heard a fight start with a compliment. That’s your first lesson.”
	Many days will pass before Cass grows into a man. He somehow learns to love his scruffy Uncle, along with all his pearls of wisdom. For, Jared had many. 
	In turn, Cass even teaches his Uncle some new things; like basic geometry and helpful phrases in several languages. Both grow wiser as Cass grows stronger. Over the next few years he learns many trades while making many loyal friends on ship. Cass is always eager to learn something new, and never too busy to help someone in need. 
	Cass grows taller and taller, and stronger and stronger. By the time he reaches his sixteenth birthday, in the Lord’s year nineteen hundred twenty and four, he is a fathom plus four and one half inches in height. His charming wit though far surpasses his stature; and his muscular physique. Years of working on deck have turned him bronze and brawny. All deck hands part-way to let huge Cass pass by. This is a true sign of respect Cass has earned from years of lifting very heavy containers. The crew fears his imposing muscles, but they much more admired his loyal dedication towards everyone on board. That is, everyone accept the “Virgin Queen’s.” captain. For, he is a mean stern man. 
	Cass and his Uncle try very hard to stay out of his way. They occupy their days by doing everything expected of them, and then some. This keeps them hid from the grumpy captain’s view. Over time, Cass becomes an expert at knowing where the captain is, and where he is not. In those areas of the ship he is not, the rest of the crew often gathers for recreation. Cass learns many things from these fine fellows. Some are wondrous stories of their adventures. Another is how to defend oneself from the thugs waiting on the Barbary Coast of North Africa. Many shipmates have brought many, shall we say, talents on board.
	Wrong Way Wong is from the orient. He is well versed in the ancient martial arts of his country. Over time he teaches Cass and some of the crew the secret oriental defense that remains hidden from most of the rest of the world. Cass becomes amazed at the things one can do to defend himself. He always excels in learning when his passion is provoked.  
	Wrong Way Wong got his name because he thought he was enlisting his services to a Chinese corporation vessel heading back to China from America. He thought he could work his way to pay his fare. The “Virgin Queen’s” mean captain tricked him though. Wong ended up signing on as shipmate for a seven year tour of the Atlantic. Instead of crossing the Pacific, Wong ended up crossing the opposite ocean. Thus, the name: Wrong Way Wong. This is his new family now. 
	There are also a few soldiers from the great world war on board. Frenchy, of course, fought on the side of France. He is an expert with explosive devices. He is also an expert with his sword and knife. 	
	Cowboy Dan, who is really from San Francisco, is a “crack shot” with a rifle and firearm. He served on the American side of the war. 
	Stymie the Stutter knows every knot known to man. Although he is not a war veteran, his father was a career navy man. He teaches Cass a lot about seafaring. Stymie is also our ship’s cook. The men gave him his name because he sometimes forgets things, or stutters when he talks. 
	Cass calls him buddy and treats Stymie with much esteem. They’ve become the best of friends. When someone addresses Stymie, they do it with the utmost respect. They know the wrath Cass might rain down on them if they don’t. This becomes more than a crew. This is a family whose number one son is Cass. 
	One last character to mention is the Professor. It seems he knows everything, or at least something about everything. He’s an odd person to be on a supply vessel. He keeps mostly to himself. No crew member really knows how a gentleman of his stature would come aboard to enjoy such a rewarding hard life. Loose conversations whisper he is running from something. Well, everyone on ship has some secrets they’ve left behind. The Professor is not one for idol talk. But, he will discuss anything relating to his extensive body of knowledge. 
	Cass learns everything this friend is willing to explain, and everything this motley crew is willing to share. Cass becomes a real learned man quickly, and a wise man in the many years to come.
	Cass has never left the “Virgin Queen.” Uncle Jared thinks it wise not to expose Cass to the dangers awaiting someone so innocent in these mostly dark ports. Cass only knows adventure through the stories the crew brings back on ship, and the occasional souvenirs they give him. Cass has a box full of memories he’s collected over the years. 
	Oh, Lucy-the heavy lady mentioned earlier. She is the captain’s girl friend. She is definitely his better half. I believe she is the toughest lady anyone could ever deal with, but she is a gem. I think she’s the only woman in the world that could handle such an angry cuss as the captain. The crew say she is so heavy because God needed someone big enough to hold such a large heart. She sporadically tours the seas with the captain. It’s just a couple times a year though. The time Cass’ momma died was one. It was Lucy whom delivered the news to Uncle Jared of momma’s death. And, it was Lucy who demanded the captain pull in the closes port to allow Jared to fetch the young Cass. 
	Over time, Cass has learned to love this heavy woman. He calls her his guardian angel and his second momma. As tough as she is, I think her heart melts inside when Cass pecks her cheek every time they meet. Cass also remembers her birthday. He makes Lucy a special card every year, and then gives her an exotic wood whittling he’s made from the places the ship has visited, or a trinket bracelet, and the such, that he’s formed from the souvenirs he’s collected. Cass never forgets her birthday. I don’t think Lucy ever forgets that he remembers it either.
	When the crew has a suggestion for the captain, they wait till Lucy comes aboard. When they have a grievance, they do the same. They thank the improvement in our dinning, and slight increase in our pay, is due to the large lady. Sometimes the crew gets an extra day or two in port-thanks to her expert negotiation ability with the Cap (the captain’s short name that the crew has given him). They once saw him with a black eye after her visit. Somehow, God knows why, she really does love the cantankerous cuss. 
	Cap is also a miser. No one has ever seen him leave the ship in all these years; accept in port to sign some shipping papers or “customs” receipts. Only once has the crew seen him venture further. This was at a Swiss port of call several years back. They think he’s afraid to spend his money. The crew gets the bare minimum of royalties stated in their contracts. It's a very small percentage of what the Cap must really take-in from the size of the hauls he’s shipped over the years. The Cap gets extra for dangerous ports and hazardous cargo. The crew never gets anything extra though. Some of the crew thinks he’s got a secret Swiss bank account. Some think his treasury is hidden somewhere on board. But, that is another story for another day.
	The next scheduled port lay in the French Polynesia island chain of Marquesas. It is one of the most dangerous navigational ports on Earth. It takes every crew member to help steer the ship through its perilous waters. Sudden change of weather has sunk many of vessels before they reach its dock. But, these are not the only reasons the harbor of Nuku Hiva is so treacherous. The Island has many beautiful women waiting to steal more than the crew’s hearts. This will be Cass’ first adventure off ship since arriving on-board.






Chapter 3: A HERO'S HEART


It is near sunset when the aged freighter enters the Marquesas Island chain. The crew becomes more nervous the closer they get to Nuku Hiva harbor. The “Virgin Queen” has plenty of knots of depth and speed to sail over the shallow coral, but the retreating “neap tide” and approaching darkness will make it more and more risky on this warm summer’s eve. Each time a wave settles under the ship there is the possibility it might smash the hull on an unnoticed reef, or worse. Most captains would drop anchor and wait for better light and a higher tide. I don’t know of any captain that would chance these conditions; except this greedy one. Time is money to the captain. And, this is the fastest way to port.  
	The crew rarely sees the Cap, yet speaks with him. This is the rare exception. Every crew member is at their post screaming out their independent observation as they perform their assigned duties. 
	Cap stands at the “wheelhouse” listening to all the squawking being relayed towards him. He quickly calculates the necessary navigational adjustments needed. 
	The crew is getting scared as Cass yells out, “Brown floater!” 	
	This means that some of the ship’s rusty haul has scraped loose and floated to the top. The “Virgin Queen” is a tough thick vessel, but no ship can take much of this. 
	Another, “Brown floater,” bellows out from the “portside.” 	
	Another and another are screamed out from different sections of the ship. Each voice has a dry “crackle” in its deliverance, and each ebb of the sea sounds like fingernails dragging a chalkboard. These sounds are terrifying.
	Cass is the first to notice the spinning life line the lighthouse’s beam is throwing them. 
	“I see the point of the harbor!” 
	Everyone knows that reaching the deep waters of the harbor will save the ship, and possibly their lives. A great relief is now heard in the crew’s voices. They begin screaming their finding with more confidence and boldness in their voices. 
	The Cap yells out, “One nautical mile till safe water! Keep the “Queen” straight and stead fellows!” 
	Every crew member can feel the slow tilt of the ship as she completes her slow turn in to the port’s deeper water. The ocean and the crews’ nerves suddenly settle as Cap straightens the rusty freighter back upright. A brave smiling Cass leaves his post to congratulate the crew on their job well done. 
	The Cap barks, “Stay at your post,” just before fully lowering the “wheelhouse” window. 
	The crew knows now they can concentrate on much more important things. They turn to thinking about the countless exotic women the port of Nuku Hiva is famous for. The crew teases one another about how much of their savings they might spend, and what kind of fancy duds they’ll wear this night out. This is not on Cass’ mind. There is still only one real woman in Cass’ life, and in his heart.
	The “helmsman” yells, “Dropping anchor!” 
	Not a second too soon for Uncle Jared’s ears. He moves out from his assigned position to go meet Cass. He finds his nephew securing the ship’s mooring rope on the top-deck’s anchor point. 
	Uncle Jared says, while patting him on his large shoulder, “A job well done laddie.” 
	Cass smiles at his stout Uncle Jared, and then winks. 
	Jared escorts Cass with his arm draped around his nephew’s back. “I want to ask you a favor Cass.” 
	Uncle clasps the hair on his chin and begins to smoothly stroke it. 
	As they continue towards the entrance leading below deck, Uncle says, “What to do, oh, what to do?” 
	Cass looks at him with his confusing smile. 
	He asks his uncle, “What?” 
	Jared states as he strokes, “It’s about you, me, and my name.” 	
	Again, Cass looks at him confused. 
	“Well son, you’re a man now. A young man, but a man none the less. How about you call me; I know.” 
	Jared stops Cass, and then pauses. 
	“Laddie, how about for now on you calling me Unks. Calling me Uncle Jared seems too formal. That’s reserved for special family occasions; and the such. Besides, a strapping fellow like you shouldn’t be forced to be so formal. It don’t do you justice.” 
	Cass pauses a second and prepares to discuss the matter. Before he opens his mouth though, he realizes this is more about Uncle Jared than it is about him. 
	Cass states, “Unks it is; Uncle Jared.” 
	The stout uncle smiles while saying, “I think I like that. It sounds manly. Don’t you think?” 
	Cass again smiles while shaking his head up and down slowly. 	“Yep, it does sound manly.” 
	Cass stops to allow Unks down below deck first. Uncle stops and looks at Cass to recognize his respectful gesture. 
	Jared says with a proud stern face, “Unks. I think I like that.” 	
	As they descend the steps, both men take turns proudly practicing Uncle Jared’s new title. Their feet make a “clanking” sound as they proceed down the metal steps while repeating his new name in several different tones and gestures.
	Below deck, Unks strips down to his skivvies, and then tosses a towel over his shoulders. 
	He stops a second and asks Cass, “So, what are your plans tonight laddie?” 
	Cass sits on his bunk saying, “Well, after you guys take off, I’m going to use the remaining hot water you guys leave, and shower a whole hour. After that, I’m going to raid the “mess galley” and make the biggest sandwich my mouth can bite. Then, I think I’ll read a good book. I might even go top-deck and watch the lights in port and stare at the stars.” 
	Unks tells him, “You’re a romantic. One day you’ll be a lady killer.” 
	Unks heads towards the “head” while repeating, “You’re such a romantic.” 
	Cass smiles while watching Unks march-off. He stores this picture in his memory under “ 'Tender Moments' between Unks and Cass.” 
	He proceeds to lay a clean set of duds on his bunk. He removes his skivvy shirt preparing to have a long private shower. This is a treat that is rarely experienced on the seas. 
	Several of the sweet smelling crew members walk through the steam cloud produced by all the intense showering. Cass greets them. 	
	“Hey fellows, are you ready for a hot night of romance?” 
	A couple of the crew just stare at his bare imposing chest. 
	One remarks, “I’m sure glad you’re not coming. You might steal all our dames.” 
	The crew members belt each other with shifting elbows. 
	“I’m glad you’re still a little young to come with us.” 
	Cass politely blushes while brushing off their comments with his own reluctant laugh. 
	Unks cuts a clear path through the steam filling the room. He swishes the moist fog away in front of him with his swirling wet towel.  His arm is dedicated to finishing drying his round body while he clumsily carries his dirty duds with his other arm. Cass notices every hair on Unks head is perfectly in place. 
	“You expecting a date?” 
	“Never mind you, smarty.” 
	Unks slaps some strong smelling cologne on his face that is reserved only for special occasions. He bends slightly due to the immediate pain caused by the cologne on his fresh clean shaven face. 
	He strains out, “That’s for me to know, and you to find out.” 	
	He proceeds to put on the final touches while looking in the adjacent mirror. Afterward, he walks over to Cass, and then proceeds to pat Cass’ bare chest.
	Unks states, “I’ll bring you back a present. Do you have any special request Cassy?” 
	Cass scratches his head and tells Unks, “You surprise me.” 	
	Unks pats him again, and then walks away while saying, “Take care Laddie. I’ll see you in the morning.” 
	Cass replies, “You too Unks!” 
	The rest of the crew march off while shoving one another as they follow Uncle Jared up the stairs. 
	In the next few moments, Cass only hears the distant echo of their departing conversations. The next noise Cass hears comes from his empty stomach. He heads off to the shower while striping off the rest of his clothes along the way. 
		He reaches the showers and stands a moment. He stares at the empty stalls while quietly saying, “All mine.” 	
	He turns on several of the shower valves to test the warmth of the water. It is followed by, “Ahhh.” Cass faces the shower heads  as he proceeds under the soothing fountain. He turns around and lathers beneath the relaxing warm rain. This solitude of the moment is abruptly interrupted as the water starts turning cold. 
	Cass thinks, “Well, I guess that’s it for my long shower.” 
	He deducts the dirty men used their fill of hot water, and then some. 
	He dries himself, and then dresses before heading off to the “mess galley.” 
	He tells himself along the way, “I sure hope the crew’s appetite wasn’t as large as they were dirty.” 
	He makes it in the “mess galley” to see several salted meats hanging alongside a couple stacks of aged cheese. Cass quickly fulfills his promise and makes himself one large sandwich. He eats a slice of cheese while he finishes making dinner. 
	Cass gobbles it down while walking back to the “living quarters.” The only sounds he hears now is the metal of the ship settling as the port’s men relieve the weight of the ship’s supplies topside. That, and the ship’s pipes “screeching” as the boiler cools. 
	Cass looks for a book to read from his collection in his footlocker. He suddenly realizes he’s read each book a dozen times. He knows the end of every novel by heart. All the adventure has been read out of their stories to the point of becoming mundane. He decides to go topside and look at the village lights instead. 
	Cass immediately notices the moonlit starry sky and decides to climb the stairs around the fifty foot tall chimney stack for a better view. Each step higher brings a new revelation as his hearing and view improve. The stars above seem close enough to grab. He can see pretty much of the entire village and hear all the laughter and music coming from town. Cass leans on the platform railing and stares at the panorama of flickering lights just below the twinkling stars on the horizon. He begins to imagine all the adventure this exotic village holds. 
	Cass wishes on the brightest star that he might have just one for himself. After a while, he stares down at the dancing lights in the rippling water. It seems peaceful and a bit magical. He wonders when his adventure might start, or even if he’ll ever have one. He decides to take this dream with him as he proceeds to “call it a night.” 	
	He moves down the quite spiral staircase while reflecting on his thoughts. All of a sudden, he hears a loud “cracking,” and then a long “screeching” sound. Cass thinks the sound is coming from something heavy being drug. His eyes follow the sound's path to find it is coming from the ship docked just ahead of the “Virgin Queen.” 	
	Screaming erupts as Cass watches the swinging loading boom sweep men and cargo overboard. He determines the net must have broken loose from its mooring. As he watches, they fall over ship. The boom makes another loud “crack,” and then breaks before falling over them. Cass realizes these men are trapped beneath the cargo net and boom.  
	He grabs the rails and slides down the staircase fast enough to burn his hands. He leaps down the steps leading to the “living quarters,” and then grabs his Uncle Jared’s survival knife. Quickly,  he jumps up the steps while placing the blade between his clenched teeth. He hears the distant moaning and cries for help right before leaping over the rail. Without a second though, Cass dives into the shimmering silhouette of their ship. 
	He follows the path of the rising bubbles down towards the drowning men. He finds the dark harbor bottom ten fathoms down. Immediately, he begins slashing and cutting loose the men the wavy starlight points out. He counts their shadows passing him as they swim topside. Cass notes nine dark figures pass him as he feels the mounting pain in his lungs. But, Cass is determined to free every man before the pair explode. 
	Dock-hands topside hand poles to the survivors in the water, while a few jump in to help. 
	A gulping survivor catching his breath tries frantically to scream out, “At least a dozen men are trapped!” 	
	Their ship’s captain starts counting the number of bodies drifting in the water. 
	He tells one man assisting with the rescue, “That can’t be right. I count at least ten living men floundering topside. If they’re trapped, who are these men?” 
	One man reaches down to pull up a survivor from the water. 	
	The gasping man remarks, “I saw someone dive into the water right after the accident.” 
	The captain replies, “That hero must be dead. It’s been five minutes since this all happened.” 
	He then makes the sign of the cross on his chest while saying, “May our God bless that guardian angel. For, I know he’s in Heaven now.”  
	The second he finishes his remark, he hears something loud breaking the surface of the harbor. There is a large dark figure surging half way out the water before “slapping” back down on the sea’s surface; no doubt due to pressure caused by its buoyancy. 
	The captain immediately tears off his coat, and then jumps into help what he hopes are more living bodies. Several other sailors follow the captain’s example by leaping off the dock to go help.  
	The captain swims frantically toward the figure he thinks just might be cargo popping up. As he nears it, he instantly realizes it is a man holding an unconscious man’s head out of the water.
	“My God,” the swimming captain proclaims. 
	He gets close enough to grab the unconscious man; which the captain has to rip away from the grasp of the other mostly submerged man. 	
	As the captain swims back, he commands the men swimming towards him, “Hurry! Go grab the other man!” 
	The exhausted captain pushes the unconscious man from the water as men on dock pull him up. The captain grabs the dock ladder while struggling to catch his breath. As he pulls himself up the last rung, he looks back and smiles. He sees two men swimming towards the dock, dragging this hero's lifeless floating body along. 
	The captain mightily clenches his fist and yells out, “Not this one Poseidon! We’re stealing this one from your greedy grasp!”
	He shakes his fist in the air as the dock erupts with thunderous applause. Two more men hurry down the ladder to assist with the large drowned man. 
	One of the crew tells the captain, “Eleven men are accounted for.” 
	The captain reckons only one man is still down at the murky bottom. He looks at the men on dock, and after he turns his head towards the starlit sky saying, “This truly is a miracle.”  
	It takes five strapping fellows to hoist the drowned man out of the water. They quickly lay him on the dock, and then instantly attempt resuscitation. 
	A fountain of water gushes out his mouth, spraying it all over the reviver's face. 
	Cass takes in one huge breath and expels, “You better not kiss me again!” 
	He sucks in another breath, and then shouts, “I’m a sailor, not a Suzy!” 
	The soaked man rendering “first aid” just burst out laughing. 
	The joyful captain wraps his arms over the shoulders of his closes compatriot, and then says, “Now, that’s a real man.” 
	Joy explodes! It's evident in the increasing “clapping” sound thundering off grateful hands everywhere. Cass rolls on his side just in time to see half the village approaching. 
	Lantern lights bob up and down giving him a brief glimpse of the store fronts as the towns folks draw nearer. Cass lays on the dock “dog-tired,” while gazing at the wonder this town holds. He wishes he could venture through those picturesque shops. Trousers brush against Cass, as numerous slaps pound his back with their congratulations. 
	A man wearing a waving night shirt draws close while yelling, “What’s happened? I’m the village Viceroy!” 
	He is answered with, “I’m the captain of the ‘Lord Byron.’ And, what you’re looking down at is a full-fledged hero.” 
	Cass really does not like all the attention he is being given. What Cass sees now is more than a beautiful vision. 
	Just behind the Viceroy are a pair of the most beautiful blue piercing eyes God has ever created; at least Cass thinks so. There is just something wonderful about her magnificent mysterious eyes. He rolls the rest of the way onto his belly, and then pushes his soaked body up. A couple fellows try to assist him, but Cass just brushes them off. 
	The young lady behind the Viceroy sees Cass’ arms flex through his soaked skivvies’ shirt and melts. 
	Cass now stands a whole head higher than the Viceroy. He searches for the face containing these hypnotic blue eyes hidden slightly behind the Viceroy. 
	She smiles while shyly moving out from behind him. In this second, her beauty eternally captures Cass’ heart. 
	She too is astounded. Not just because of his heroism, but because of Cass’ handsome captivating face. She reaches her hand towards Cass to welcome him. 
	Realizing her desire to meet Cass, the Viceroy properly announces, “Oh, this is my beautiful daughter Brandy.” 
	As their hands touch, she feels a slight “shock,” and then a “tingle” radiate through her whole body. 
	She tries to ignore this reaction by boldly replying,” Merced. That’s Brandy Merced.” 
	She wants to run and hide before she explodes with embarrassing giggles. But, her desperate heart won’t let him out of her sight. 
	Cass asks her, “Vous parlez francaise assez jeune dame?” This means: do you speak French pretty young lady? 
	Brandy is startled by his ability, as she nervously responds, “Eh bien, oui je fais beau sir. Vous parlez la langue francaise beautifully;” which means: Yes I do handsome sir. You speak French beautifully. 
	Cass says, “Merci pour le compliment. Vous parlez francais beautifully egalement.” This means: Thank you for the compliment. You also speak French beautifully and elegantly. 
	Brandy is totally overtaken with Cass. Not only is he very handsome, muscular, brave, and tall; but he is also very smart.
	The captain of the “Lord Byron” just smiles at the pair. He knows this is much more than just an introduction. The captain moves alongside the Viceroy while gazing at the gawking couple. 
	He tells the Viceroy, “I think I’ll take this young man back on board and give him bedding for the night. He’s probably still 
tired.” 	
	Cass begins to thank the captain for his suggestion, but the captain interrupts him.
	“I won’t take no for an answer! Plus, the men you saved want to thank you.” 
	Cass decides he cannot refuse the Captain out of respect. 	
	Instead, he tells Brandy, “Maybe tomorrow you can show me around. I would really like a new book.” 
	Brandy says, “I know just the place. I’ll be by in the morning to show you our village bookshop.” 
	Cass turns his body away to follow the captain, but his eyes stay fixed on the very pretty French Polynesian lady. 
	After reaching top-side of the “Lord Byron,” Cass and the captain are greeted by a half dozen soaked sailors standing at attention. 	
	The pair passes them as one of the sailor says, “We men will never forget what you did for us.” 
	Cass continues by them returning his respectful nod of gratitude to each one. Cass’ heavy legs “clang” up the long flight of metal steps just below that of the captain’s. They enter the “wheelhouse,” and then they go through a door leading to the “Captain’s Quarters.” 	
	“Oh, by the way, we have not been formally introduced. I am Captain Alexander Trousi.” 
	The captain stops to offer his introductory handshake. He continues his conversation while noticing Cass shiver. 
	“I’ve captained the “Lord Byron,” well, just about my whole life.” 
	He opens his cabin door, and then politely stands aside to let Cass be the first in. 
	He points to a beautiful mahogany cabinet and tells Cass, “You’ll find dry clean clothes in there. And, I’ll be bunking with the men tonight.” 
	Cass feels uncomfortable at this very special privilege offered by the captain. 
	He tries to tell the captain this is not necessary, but Captain Alexander sternly warns him again, “And, I won’t take no for an answer!” He politely smiles at Cass before stating, “See you in the morning” 
	He pats Cass’ shoulder while whispering “goodnight,” right before leaving quarters. 
	Cass hurries to change out of his damp clothes. He then lay in the nicest bed he’s ever experienced, while his mind replays the frantic faces he’s saved.  
	Now, Cass’ delighted heart burns with the image of the departing Brandy. He rolls on to his side while grasping the sweet fresh linen covering his pillows. His face wears a great smile before falling fast asleep. He’ll have sweet dreams of anticipation the rest of the night.
	Cass is awakened by a knock on the cabin door. A warm morning breeze carries the scent of sweet flowers to his waking nose. The door swings open revealing a nicely dressed sailor holding a tray adorned with a vase filled with flowers. The wonderful smell of the tray’s contents overcomes the first aroma. The wafting scent is filled with coffee and the taste of breakfast; which precedes the sailor’s remark. 
	“Captain Trousi said to tell you to take this with his compliments. And, he said to tell you ‘a fine good morning to you’.” 
	Cass is eager to get up and get his day started. Visions of Brandy still follow him from his dreamy state. Cass grabs the tray and gobbles down the delicacy he thinks is fit for a king. He tries to savor every swallow, but he is eager to prepare for this morning's outing. Cass notices men loudly conversing on the dock below the “Captain’s Quarters.” He takes his last swallow while sliding the cabin window open. 
	Cass sees Uncle Jared with several crew members from the “Virgin Queen” yelling something to the deckhands of the “Lord Byron.” 
	“We’re missing a mate and we’re about to shove off.” 	
	Cass yells down to his Unks, “I’m up here! I’ll be right down!” 	
	A loud blast of the horn comes from the “Virgin Queen,” warning Cass he must hurry. He slides down the rails to the lower deck, and then leaps onto the dock. Cass’ heart suddenly realizes he won’t make his date with Brandy. This heartbreak weighs his legs down, but the removing of the gangplank from the “Virgin Queen” forces him to run all out. 
	“Wait fellows!” he yells. 
	A second later, Cass leaps the distance between the end of the plank being removed, and the top-deck of the “Virgin Queen.” He immediately bends over gasping for breath while remorsefully thinking about how he won’t have the chance to say “goodbye” to Brandy.
	As the ship pulls away, Cass sees what he thinks is beautiful Brandy. She is wearing a bright flowery dress, shiny white gloves, and a fancy hat. 
	She waves in his direction while he yells to her, “I’ll be back one day!” 
	She just stands at the dock’s edge staring at the “Virgin Queen” speed away. 
	Brandy grows smaller and smaller as Cass’ heart pounds harder and harder. It knows it has to return to her one day.  






CHAPTER 4: treacherous waters


They say, “time heals all wounds,” but, this is not true for Cass. It’s been over a year since Nuku Hiva, and his chance meeting with beautiful Brandy. Cass keeps his mind occupied with as many hard tasks as he can handle. He constantly volunteers to help the crew with their duties after completing all his. No job is too hard or too dirty for Cass. 
	All the crew notices how different Cass is now. He seems much quieter these days. He often checks the captain’s manifesto to see if there is any cargo scheduled for the French Polynesia Islands. I think he might jump ship if he was to get anywhere close to Nuku Hiva. The only other time he seems to talk is when there is necessary conversation, and the like. And when he smiles, it’s more out of respect than for joy. He does his best to put her out of his mind, but his restless heart keeps him awake many of moonlit nights. These nights the watchmen can see his restless silhouette pacing the “bow” of the ship just staring off at the distant starry horizon. I pray for him. I pray time heals his soul. He has experienced too much pain for such a young heart.
	It’s a new day in the year of our Lord, nineteen hundred and twenty and six. A summer’s swell is developing as the “Virgin Queen” nears the Barbary Coast port of Dakar. The men grow restless with cautious anticipation. It’s not just for the approaching storm, but for the trouble often found in this dark port. This is a dishonest place full of shenanigans. Evil men wait to play out their dastardly deeds on unwise sailors. The best we can hope in this barbaric haven is for a quick cargo transfer, and then a fast shove-off. 
	The sky darkens as the “sterns man” cries out, “12 fathoms and six knots Cap.” 
	The depth indicates the ship is safely in the harbor's deep waters now. The menace on the dock is in plain view, as the “Virgin Queen” slowly pulls up towards the dock-head. 
	This place has an exceedingly eerie stench filled with a troublesome aroma. This heightens the crew’s senses as it slowly “oozes” over their faces. It’s that feeling like something’s just not right. They can’t put their finger on it, at least not yet. 
	The ship quiets as the crew stares on dock. Each man waits for the Cap’s next command. It’s so quiet the crew can hear the “creaking” sound from the ship’s adjusting metal haul. The momentum of the heavy cargo slowly shifts to match the ship’s slowing speed, causing this intimidating sound.  
	Cap yells down from the “wheelhouse,” “Prepare to dock.” 
	One of the crew whispers, “Keep your wits about you fellows.” 
	This is the first time Cass’ presence has graced this port. No one thinks Cass realizes how rancid and dangerous a place this is. He is the only crew member attending his duties as usual. 
	Unks tries to warn the young man; now eighteen years of age, to keep an eye out for peril. Cass doesn’t look too concerned though. I don’t know if it’s because of his imposing chest, his tall stature-of one fathom plus six inches, or his lack of concern towards fear. 
	The crew stands reverent awaiting the command to “toss ropes” and “secure the vessel.” A strange cold rain for this time of year begins trickling down. Some superstitious crew-members take this as a bad omen. 
	The command comes from Cap, “Toss ropes! Secure ship!” 
	Several Scruffy dock-hands receive the ropes, but seem reluctant to tie the ship down. 
	Cap descends top-deck while the crew extends the gangplank. 
	Unks stares at a man on the dock trying to stare Unks down. But, Unks doesn’t bat an eyelid. 
	They continue staring into each others souls as the Cap bounces the plank up and down while crossing over. 
	The intimidating dock-hand decides to up the ante with his grimiest smile, revealing the one and only tooth in his mouth-and it is made of gold. His sinister face doesn’t bother Unks; not outwardly at least. 
	Cap is met on dock by a man most likely from “Customs.” Cap hands the man the “Virgin’s” manifesto. After a minute of staring and waiting, the man signs it. Cap waves the crew off ship while the dock-hands move in place to unload the ship’s cargo. 
	Cass stops working long enough to finally see what every crew member has been staring at. 
	He remarks, “Not too savory, are they? Sure hope you guys locked your lockers.” 
	This is the first time any of the crew smiles. It's a well needed moment to relieve some of the tension thick enough to cut with a knife. The crew forms in a huddle before exiting over the gangplank. 	
	As they cross over, you can hear them whisper under their breaths, “Keep close and keep your eyes’ on each others backs.” 
	Unks concentration is dedicated to “one tooth,” which follows him as he crosses the plank. Unks breaks his concentration momentarily to spit in the sea. It is his way of telling “one tooth” what he thinks of him. Unks resumes staring with a slight squint in his eye this time. 
	Each crew-member waits on dock for the rest of the men to crossover. After the last member arrives, they move together towards their unflinching greedy captain. The rain starts coming down hard. It becomes bone chilling, but no one dares to shiver. This would be a sign of weakness, and no one wants to send that message to these motley dock-hands. 
	Several of Dakar’s burly finest begin rubbing their hands on their arms. They stare the crew down while making a “Brrr” sound. It’s their way of insulting the “Virgin Queen’s” crew. They must sense fear. The dock-hands begin forming a circle around the crew, as the crew huddles around the Cap. 
	All of a sudden, the dock-hands begin to act up. They kind of seem like they’re dancing while making a crazy man’s laughter. Immediately, two men fly in opposing direction. 
	Suddenly, Cass appears between the line-up of thugs. 
	The crazy men stare for a moment at Cass. 
	He turns his head side to side while roaring at them, and then warns them, “Get back to work!” 
	All of them fearfully begin backing up, all but one that is. This burly man, almost Cass’s stature and size, remains steadfast staring at Cass. The rest have sense to return to work. Just this one large black fellow dares to stand there. There is evil in his eyes. It permeates his mean stare. 
	He threatens Cass with, “I’ll see you later, honey.” 
	Everyone on dock stops. They all know war has just been declared between the two giants.
	The cold rain stops as fast as it started. There is a moment of silence as Cass turns his back towards the burly menace. The crew watches Cass’ face for any clue of what he will do next. Cass places his clenched fist on his sides while staring off harbor. The crew realizes another type war is occurring. It’s one that happens when a heart has been strained to the point of breaking. 
	A westerly wind gradually blows. A small mystifying cyclone of dust mixed with trash dances across the dock-head. Cass’ eyes change directions as they shift along with the tiny twister. It’s like he sees something in it. The anger on Cass’ face slowly turns somber. Maybe, Cass sees the devil in the swirling dirt. Or, he has a revelation of some sort. 
	The hypnotic cyclone dumps its stolen debris as it disappears. A small round piece of wood the size of a pencil gradually rolls across the dock. It acts as a conductor's wand orchestrating and end to this mysterious show. Every ear listens to it roll slowly to a rocking stop.
	Cass lifts his eyes up, and then turns back towards his mighty foe. 
	He remarks, “Were you thinking of buying me dinner, or did you just want to put on a fine dress and go dancing fellow?” 
	Every dock-hand and crew-member can’t refuse to laugh at Cass’ exquisite insult. All accept one. 
	The large black fellow warns Cass, “Yeah. We will dance later!” 
	He turns slowly away while keeping his patient sinister eyes trained on Cass. 
	Fearless Cass lunges forward ready to take him apart, but Unks knows there’s more to this guy than meets the eye. 
	Unks blocks his nephew with good cause. Cass sees it now. There’s a long curved dagger sticking through his sash belt hanging in the middle of his back. Fearless Cass shakes with steaming anger in Unks restraining embrace. He gradually notices Unks trembling. This startles Cass into obliging his uncle's request.  
	Unks whispers up to Cass, “You don’t want to mess with the likes of him. He’s a stone cold killer.” 
	Cass is still fuming, but he respectfully obeys and turns away. He goes to work, not out of fear, but rather out of respect for the uncle he has come to love.
	The Cap reminds the dock-hands they’re working for him right now. 
	“Get to it!,” he barks out, “Your time is my money.” 
	His crude comment slows the dock-hands down to a crawl. 
	But Cap warns them, “This will be the last time I pull in this port. What will your boss think of that?” 
	It seems they fear their own boss’s appetite for money more than looking weak. It might be because of the lashing their boss will give them for losing another shipping contract. There’s evidence they’ve tasted the lash before. There are welts of scars showing through their soaked shirts. They hustle to unload the “Virgin Queen,” as the “Virgin's” crew file behind the Cap. 
	He senses the tension coming from the crew, and then says something amazing. 
	“How bout I treat you fellow’s to a fine dinner?” 
	They sense the Cap knows they might be coming apart. All accept Cass. He is lifting heavy boxes out of the cargo net that the loading cranes swing over to the dock. 	
	Unks yells over to him, “Stop!” 
	It takes Cass a moment to realize this was not a request. It seems his mind was concentrating on other things. 
	Cass moves towards the pack, as they begin to follow the Cap off the dock-head. 
	Cap proclaims, “I know just the place to eat.” 
	One of the crew-member whispers, ”I sure hope they don’t have roaches in the grub.” 
	Most everyone silently “chuckles” while marching off.  
	One more crew-member comments, “I just hope they’re cooked.” 
	Cass catches up and asks Unks, “Where we going?” 
	Several of the crew state simultaneously, “Dinner!” 
	Cass looks at Unks as they continue marching. 
	“You mean the Cap is actually taking us out to dinner?” 
	Unks places his finger over his mouth, signifying to Cass to hold his voice down. 
	He then whispers to Cass, “I think the Cap is going to try and poison us.” 
	Cass smiles at Unks, knowing he just made a funny. 
	Unks just grins and winks at Cass.
	They pass by a worn down sailors saloon along their journey. It looks abandon, but the crew knows nothing happens there till dark. Unks guesses they have a little over an hour and a half before sunset. He reminds them this is where the dock-hands hangout. 
	The men try and hurry their Cap’s pace in an attempt to make it back by here before sundown. Cap remains steady marching towards “The Bore’s Head” eating establishment. Everyone can see it now. It’s just uphill from them. 
	The Cap holds the door open for the crew. They commence entering the dreary rundown diner. A surprised looking man appears from behind the counter. 
	“How many will we be seating tonight?” 
	Cap spits out, “Let us have 16 of your specials along with matching pints of ale.” 
	The waiter realizes this is a tall order as he fumbles through his apron to find his ordering tablet. 
	The gent hurries back towards the kitchen while repeating the order back to the Cap, “16 specials and 16 pints. Right? All right then.” 
	Cap tells the crew, “Well, don’t just stand there. Take a chair.” 
	Everyone turns to find their selves a seat. 
	Meanwhile, Cap grabs Cass’ large arm and tells him, “You sit with me.” 
	Cass knows something’s up, but he follows orders. He walks behind the Cap to a secluded corner table.
	After sitting down, the Cap asks, “Are you comfortable?” 
	Cass is shocked by the Cap’s courtesy. This is something he thought the captain never possessed. 
	“Yes I am,” Cass replies respectfully. 
	Cap quietly and sternly says, “I saw what happened back there. Don’t let that thug under your skin. He’s not worth it.” 
	Cass just somberly stares at the Cap’s eyes. 
	“This is for your own good. Pay heed to your uncle, and stay away from the likes of his kind. He’s filled with hate. You’d have to kill him before you’d beat him.” 
	Cass realizes the sincerity of the captain, and the situation. 	
	“Nothing good will come of it, you hear. Now let us have a drink before dinner.” 
	Cap says this right as the waiter sets down two pints of ale in front of both men. 	
	Cass immediately asks the waiter to bring him coffee instead. 	
	Cap states, “You’re a good man second mate Casanova Rouseco. Don’t let strong drink in your life.” 
	These are the last words the Cap will say to Cass this night. They just sip and eat their fill from then on.
	The crew exit  “The Bore’s Head” just in time to see the Sun set. 
	Cap states, “Red sky at night is a sailor’s delight.” 
	Cap leads the way as they step out briskly back towards the dock. They approach the darken saloon and realize luck is with them this night. 
	Cass and his Unks bring up the rear. As they pass the dilapidated establishment everyone hears the distant crazy laughter coming from inside. Its sadistic sound comes from just one 
person this time. Cass just keeps staring forward towards his crew-members. Unks, on the other hand, is looking at Cass’ face as they finish passing by. The laughter continues as is dissipates the further the crew moves away. Cass knows this part of the story is not over. It will be written about another day. 
	After the crew finishes making it back on the “Virgin Queen,” the Cap announces, “Get a good night’s sleep. We pull-out at first light.” 
	The crew looks at one another, seeming thankful. They realize the Cap will use the Sun and proper tide this time to get them out to safe water. They are also happy to shake the dust off from this place as fast as they can. 
	Cap says, “We’re all loaded and headed off to Morocco, Lisbon, and then around the Horn.” 
	All the crew understand that after venturing through European waters, they’ll be heading back to the Pacific. The mention of the “Horn” causes tension to fill their faces. For, that is a treacherous peace of ocean. 
	Cap then states, “We’ll finish up in the Marquesas Islands.” 	
	Cass’ eyes light up as his whole attitude changes. It is the first time in a long while the crew has seen a real smile on Cass’ face. 
	Unks notices him walking down deck with a clinched fist, quietly saying, “Yes!” 
	The attitude of the crew seems to change as well. 
	First light comes as they leave this piece of Hell behind. Cass stands on the stern watching it disappear behind the stinking marsh as the “Virgin Queen” turns toward “starboard.” 
	Unks comes to his side while saying, “Good ridden. If we never come back, that will be too soon. Come on Cass, let’s go to work.”  
	The smell of a new day combines with the fresh salt air flowing over the ship. Cass fills his lungs knowing this intense odor only comes from the open seas. Everyone seems filled with anticipation. The crew seems eager for their next port. This will be a welcomed place for relaxation; and maybe, a bit of adventure. It is a friendlier harbor. Yeah, today the sea seems to sparkle more. So does Cass’ eyes.
	Two days later, the “Virgin Queen” anchors in the Moroccan harbor. The crew gathers on the “portside” railing discussing their plans and escapades. They laugh while staring at this white pristine city. 
	Cowboy states, “If ever there was a piece of Heaven on Earth, this would be it. This place is so clean it hurts to look at it. It's like looking at the Sun too long.”	
	Frenchy walks up to the gathering while proclaiming he has a pocket full of money to spend. 
	Wong grabs his nose and says with his strong oriental accent, “Oh man! What you have on?” 
	Most of the crew laughs at Wong’s comment. They begin to smell it too. 
	Cowboy tells Frenchy, “I think you slapped on the wrong type of toilet water.” 
	The joyful crew’s spirits are high. 
	Frenchy comments, “Go ahead and laugh. I’m already ready. I’ll be the first one off ship, stealing all the honeys for myself.” 
	A race suddenly erupts as most of the crew dart off to get ready. 	
	Cowboy gives Frenchy a friendly shove as he passes him, while asking, “Will you be my date sweetie?” 
	Frenchy pushes him back, which throws him slightly off course. 
	He tells the dashing Dan, “Get out of here!”
	Only Unks and Cass hang over the railing staring on shore. Out of the corner of his mouth, Unks confirms his affection for Cass. 
	“I guess I can’t call you boy anymore. You sure have grown into a 'man’s man'.” Unks continues gazing at this desert oasis while patting Cass several times on his back. 
	“I had some reservation when we first met. Not so much about taking you, but about the life I’d be giving you. It kind of scared me.” 
	Cass leans into Unks and whispers, “I’ve learned to love the sea Unks. I can’t imagine any other life now.” 
	Unks nods his affirmation slowly up and down agreeing with that proclamation. 
	“I know what you mean laddie. She sure has a way of growing on you. I’ve never met a woman as temperamental as the sea. But, I never loved one as much either.” 
	Unks notices Cass’ face turn away. Cass would be lying if he agreed with him, so honest Cass just stares on shore. Unks pats Cass’ back once before turning away. 
	“I pray I’ve done right by you and your dear momma.” 
	As he departs, Cass tells Unks something a sailor should never have to hear. 
	“I love you Unks.” 
	Unks stops dead in his tracks and freezes still. 
	Cass realizes Unks departing footsteps have stopped, so he looks over his shoulder and sees the back of Unks head. He watches as it slowly moves up and down. 
	Unks quietly proclaims, “You too laddie. You too.” 
	He proudly paces across deck the rest of the way.  
	The ship’s bell “rings,” alerting the crew “shore leave” has commenced.  A few minutes later, a dozen crew members jostle for their position in front of the gangplank. 
	The Cap yells down from his “wheelhouse,” “Stay out of trouble,” right before giving the order to extend the gangplank. 
	Several of the fellows festively push and shove themselves into a better position at being first off.  
	Frenchy gets the last sarcastic word in about the criticism he received earlier. 
	“Oh my, don’t you smell like a fine fragrant flower fellows.” 	
	His comment does nothing to settle the crew, but rather increase the amount of joyful shoving. 
	Cowboy proclaims, “Morocco is the best place to buy aged French wine; and at the best price. I’m buying a bottle to bring back for my mother.” 
	As the gangplank touches, you can hear several crew members mention, “I’m buying some too.” 
	One says, “I’m bringing three back for my girl back home.” 	
	The “clanging” of the plank resides as their conversation drifts slowly across towards the dock. 
	Only Unks, Cass, and the Cap remain on board. Unks comes inside the “living quarters,” wiping his hair with his drenched towel. A cloud of steam drifts away with each swirling stroke. He sees Cass lying on his bunk with his arms propped under his head. 
	Unks asks, “So, what you got planned?” 
	Cass just shakes his head side to side while replying, “Nothing.” 
	He seems content just waiting for the time he might see Brandy again. 
	As Unks finishes drying, he tells Cass, “Are you trying to save all your money to spend on your sweetie?” 
	Cass shyly smiles, and then smirks at Unks embarrassing question. 
	Unks says, “I’ll tell you laddie. Why don’t you come have an adventure with your old Unks?” 
	Cass lays there pondering the notion. 
	Unks comments, “You heard what the Cap said. Maybe you can keep your old Unks from getting into any mischief. Besides, Morocco has a whole street filled with fashionable shops and the likes.” 
	Cass reluctantly declines the offer. 
	Unks tries out maneuvering Cass by introducing the fact some are bookshops. 
	Cass’ eyes light up! 	
	Unks raises the ante by stating, “I know I’ve seen a whole street lined with quaint bookshops here before.” 
	Cass thinks real hard as Unks drives the final nail in. 
	“Come on. It will give you something to do, and you’ll have a new book to occupy your mind on the long trip back to Nuku Hiva.” 	
	That works as Cass leaps to his feet. 
	“Give me 10 minutes to get ready.” 
	Unks humorously warns the passing Cass, “You better hurry. There’s a bunch of pretty things waiting for me.” 
	Cass laughs as he departs the quarters. 
	Unks yell to him as he nears the showers, “And, you can’t keep a pretty woman waiting!”
	This is the first time Cass has had a real chance to explore any exotic port. Unks adjusts the back of Cass’ shirt while they cross over the gangplank. 
	As they reach the other side, Unks commands him, “Stop!” 
	He holds his fist in front of Cass' eyes and says, “This won’t hurt a bit.” 
	He opens his fist and gently slaps Cass’ face. Cass immediately realizes this is a special occasion. The pair sniffs the cologne tingling on Cass’ face. They suck in its essence as it were the delightful aroma from a fine cigar. 
	Unks tells him, “Now, you’re ready. Let’s go have a fine time on the old town.” 
	The late morning Sun turns the approaching parish into what can only be described as an artist’s living oil painting. Cass stares up the long street lined with shiny pearl white buildings. Each shop is distinguished by their amusing assortment of colorful pastel canopies. Just above them is a network of balconies framed by swirling black wrought iron railings. The changing morning light causes the Spanish wrought iron shadows to wiggle like snakes as they crawl along and then around the bright white buildings. 
	Each shop they pass invites Cass to come in and satisfy his adventurous curiosity. 
	He thinks to himself, “Unks was not lying.” 
	Cass sees dozens of shops selling all types of books. He spins slowly half way around observing the height of the city. He notices the moving shadow festival exploding before his eyes. 
	Unks remarks, “See all the Spanish wrought iron. It surely is a thing of beauty.” 
	Cass’ jaw drops in awe as he marvels at this living spectacle. 	
	Unks notices Cass’ reaction, and then responds, “Don’t see this where you’re from.” 
	Unks comment about home abruptly ends this surreal moment with a sobering though. It touches Cass’ heart, forcing him to remember momma. 
	Unks realizes the effects of what he just said. He quickly changes the subject. 
	“You see that café over there Cass?” 
	Unks points down the street. 
	Cass stares to locate it, and then tells Unks, “Sure.” 
	Unks says, “Well, I’m not much for books. How about if my old legs spend time sitting down over there while your's explore the stores?” 
	Unks coaxes him to agree by shaking his head up and down several times. 
	“Come and get me when you’re done finding a good book, or two.” 
	He pats Cass’ shoulder and takes off. 
	Cass stands there looking at his Unks march away. He hears Unks asking something to a few ladies sitting at the café. He watches as they wave to Unks, inviting him to join them. Cass smiles in amazement. This charming side of his uncle is a side he’s never seen before. 
	He thinks, “What the lady’s man,” before turning away.
	Cass looks down the street marveling at lines of shops, while deciding where to start his adventure. Under his chin, he notices the three very pretty passing young ladies in fancy dresses. Cass hears them conversing in Spanish and in French as they stroll under. 
	They shyly look up towards Cass’ face as he gazes down. One of the lady’s mouths instantly drops open. She stumbles over her girlfriend-whom also stops for a peak. 
	Cass tells the ladies in Spanish, “This day is as beautiful as you are.” 
	All three ladies immediately melt down to their knees. 
	One of the ladies whispers to the others, “Wow!” 
	They turn their stare towards each other to confirm what they are seeing. They cover their mouths as they begin to laugh. Not the laughter of insult, but the kind that is made in agreement towards sheer amazement and elation. 
	Cass walks by these pretties as their gaze follows him. He tips his right hand off his forehead offering them his parting salutation. 	
	Politely, he states, “Senoras jovenes;” which means: “young ladies,” before continuing on his way. 
	The pretty ladies remain standing there gawking at him as if he were “God's gift to women.”
	Cass approaches the first book shop he sees. He abruptly notices a heard of young ladies forming behind him. He looks over his shoulder wondering what all the commotion could be about. 
	The chatter suddenly stops as the girls notice him staring in their direction. 
	He quickly counts at least nine pretty young smiling women standing there before snapping his head back around. Cass is not use to this kind of attention. He hurries to enter the book shop. 
	As he opens the door, he hears one of the young ladies yell out, 	
	“How about a date cutie!” 
	This unusual affection scares Cass. He hurries inside and quickly moves as far back into the store as he can. He sees through the shop’s display window that the crowd of girls has followed him. Their wandering eyes and their searching faces press onto the shop’s display window, attempting to locate Cass inside. 
	He quickly grabs a book and covers most of his face, while continuing to stare at the display window. Cass doesn’t know what to do. He knows that he can’t leave through the front door till they leave. He watches as the crowd grows even larger. He hears the “tingling” of the front door bell alerting the proprietor of a possible customer. It “tings” again and again as Cass grows more and more nervous. He bends down hoping the bookcase might hide his tall stature, but he bumps someone in the process.
	“Can I help you sir?” 
	Cass looks down and sees a young lady speaking to him. 
	“Is there a book I might help you find?” 
	Cass responds while slowly lowering his concealing book part way. 
	“I’m sorry for bumping into you madam.” 
	She catches a quick glimpse of Cass’ worried face and immediately realizes the gravity of his situation. She sees several young ladies heading in this direction. 	
	The proprietor says, “Follow me sir!” 
	She leads tall Cass to a set of stairs leading to an upper loft filled with books. 
	“You wait up there.” 
	Cass hurries up the steps as she hangs a velvet rope across the staircase entrance. A sign hangs on it that reads, “!cerrado/closed!” Cass nervously looks through one of the bookcases to see what is happening. 
	He watches the gracious proprietor explaining to the approaching herd of pretty ladies, “This section of the store is closed. And, if you are looking for that tall handsome man, he left out the back entrance.” 
	Most of the ladies hurry out the back of the shop, while the rest scurry back out the front entrance. 
	He stares downward between the bookshelves seeing the proprietor returning from the rear entrance. 
	As she walks pass the loft's staircase towards the front of the store, she proclaims over her shoulder, “I've locked the rear door, and I’m going to lock the front as well.” 
	After securing the front door, she turns the hanging sign on it around that reads, “Closed for Business!” 
	As she walks towards Cass, she yells, “You’re safe sir. I closed the shop temporarily!”
	It takes a moment for Cass’ racing heart to subside. He patiently gazes at the returning lady noticing her very dignified approach. Cass is amazed at her proud posture while noticing the subtle sound of her heels echoing off the wooden floor. Each and every step repeats in perfect “metronome” time. His heart instantly slows to match her soothing pace. 
	The dignified lady calmly speaks, “It’s safe to come down now.” 
	In this sublime moment, he notices this treasure of adventure before his very eyes. 
	“Could I please have a moment to locate a good book madam?” 
	His formal request forces her to smile. 
	She removes the velvet rope while politely stating, “Maybe I can assist you.” 
	As she ascends the staircase to the loft, she begins to see the reason for all the commotion making it impossible for her to really notice him earlier. 
	Cass stands tall gazing at the coffers of booty lining each shelf. 	
	She stops on the top step, hypnotized by Cass’ muscular physique. Her eyes slowly scan upwards, ending at his unusual height. She immediately knows she is staring at the most beautiful thing she has ever seen. Every part of her being screams out to worship this handsome idol, but her heart scolds her for thinking she is worthy to even approach him. For, she knows she looks as plain as vanilla paper. 
	Totally embarrassed, she abruptly turns to sneak down the staircase, hopefully unnoticed.  She hurries to hide the ugliness she feels with her large awkward hand. She feels its curse now is that God made it too small. 
	Cass sees her rushing down the steps and commands her, “Stop!” 
	She freezes instantly at the position of attention, for her body has no defense or recourse against his strong voice. Her chest pounds from the pressure of her swollen heart. It warns her not to turn around. 	
	But, Cass gently beckons her, “Please come here and help me.” 	
	Her mind frantically tries to think of any excuse not to oblige, but it is in a quandary, filled with a foggy blur of emotions. 
	Cass knows something is wrong. He immediately drops his book and races to her side on the steps. She has no other recourse left, but to cringe down on the steps and die. Her arms try and wrap over her head as her legs fall out beneath her. 
	Cass catches and rescues her. 
	These are the arms she’s always dreamed of. 
	He tenderly tries to pry her hand away from her blushing embarrassed face. She wrestles to resist his attempt, but she is no match for his strong masculine fingers. 
	Cass slowly proceeds to tear away her only defense against her worthlessness. 
	He calmly whispers, “Now then, I don’t want to hurt you.” 
	He forcefully, but oh so tenderly, frees her from those dungeon chains she constructed, protecting her all her life. Her head hangs down exposed, as her face is unveiled for him to see. In her nakedness, she hears the very, very last thing the deepest part of her soul oh so yearns for, but never ever expects to hear. 
	“Oh dear, don’t you know you’re beautiful!” 
	A rush of adulation immediately smashes down every wall her heart has ever constructed. His godly proclamation causes uncontrollably tears to profusely poor out her eyes. She slowly turns her nervous shaking head, and begins to gaze upward. Her watery eyes savor every moment as they precede over his oh so handsome face. 
	As she stares into his bold mysterious eyes, Cass smiles and softly chuckles. 
	“I’ve never seen such a dignified woman walk the way you do.” 
	She cries all the harder in her battle of emotions. She feels her heart’s being lifted up to Heaven to meet him on his godly pedestal. She completely and most willingly submits to him; unconditionally. 	
	Cass wraps her in his soothing protecting embrace. 
	Both hold on to the warmth of this perfect moment, while each feels the crushing control he has over her. This grasp causes Cass to remember fonder times. It’s like holding momma all over again. Cass releases her, and then sits on the steps. He gives her another command. It confuses her temporarily, but she must abide. 
	He tells her, “Pinch me.” 
	She blindly obeys and gives Cass’ arm just the tiniest of pinches. She immediately feels guilty and slightly ashamed, but she feels most obligated to do as he says. 
	“Again, pinch me, but harder this time, or you’ll get it!” 
	Passionately afraid, she has no option but to obey, so she gives him a slightly harder pinch. 
	Cass yells, “Owww! Why did you do that?” 
	Regret instantly fills her face as Cass lies backward laughing hysterically. Her mouth hangs open in confusion as to what is going on. Her fogged intellect suddenly causes her to realize he is just “deviling” her. As he lay on the staircase she begins tapping the sides of her fist on his stomach. 
	Cass playfully offends her as he continues laughing, “Stop tickling me girly!” 
	His insult joyfully teases her, daring her to give him a real beating. But, she quickly finds her rapidly pounding fists are only hurting her wrist. 
	Comfortably overjoyed, she asks, “Why did you have me pinch you?” 
	Cass responds, “If you prick me, do I not bleed?” 
	She rolls over and attempts to lie in the thin area still remaining beside Cass and the staircase wall. She uses her rear-end to force him over as she squirms her body in between. Both of them lay there peacefully wearing giant smiles as they gaze at the ceiling. 
	Serenely, she states, “Shakespeare. I think that was from...Hamlet!” 
	Her knowledge surprises Cass!  
	He whispers to her, “There; you see.” 
	Her face fills with confusion as her eyes search the ceiling to find what he’s talking about? Cass stares out the corner of his eye knowing her eyes are scanning the ceiling for the solution. 
	“No silly,” he tells her. “You won’t find the answer up there.” 	
	Again confused, her face just becomes blank. 
	Cass reaches his right arm over his body attempting to point it into her stomach, but his huge bicep stops him inches short. 	
	“What are you doing?” she asks. 
	She leans up slightly to get a better look at Cass' face. 
	He replies, “It’s you. You’re beautiful!” 
	She is immediately thrown back into the same wonderful quandary of emotion all over again. 
	She can’t take the torture of elation any longer, and sorrowfully asks, “Why do you keep saying those things?” 
	His wonderful comments keep battling with her realization. They force her to remember her not so perfect face on the most perfect day of her life. 
	Cass slowly rises. 
	As he towers over her submissive position he explains, “You’re dignified. The likes I’ve only seen one other woman possess.” 
	He extends his mighty hand, offering to assist her up. He continues bombarding her with his words of ambrosia. 
	“And two, you’re well versed. Any lady whom knows poetry and the likes, will posses my heart.” 
	She places her honored hand into his kind gracious gentle clutch. 
	He pulls her up as she attempts to guess what author might have said such a profound prose? 
	He sees her thinking and replies, “The author is Cass. May I introduce myself. I am Casanova Rouseco, 'ship’s mate' second class of the honorable 'Virgin Queen'.” 
	After she is fully upright, he bows slightly, and then she slowly curtsies while grabbing the fringe of her skirt. 
	Very eloquently she states, “I am Margret Frensheta.” 
	This clumsy maneuver on the narrow steps causes her to fall over. 
	Cass immediately catches her. He picks her up by her elbows, turns, and then carries her up to the loft. 
	As he does, he asks, “Now, how about that book?” 
	She stares at him utterly amazed at his ability to carry her rather large figure with so much ease. 
	Again, she stares into his eyes, and this time seriously asks, “Is there anything you can’t do?” 
	Cass replies, “Yes. Find a good book by myself.” 
	She smiles another wonderful gigantic smile while Cass sets her next to the bookcase. 
	She states, “Kind sir, would you follow me this way. I think I have just what you are looking for.” 
	Margret’s soul suggests: “never has a woman been raised so high, so quickly, and so romantically.” 
	She articulately plays the part of majesty, delighting in his grace's royalty and great expectations. The pair spends the rest of this amazing day foraging for an adventure of a lifetime.






CHAPTER 5: Unks Returns


The shadows of day races away, for wherever they come and go; as the dark of the evening chases the day, forcing an end to this show. 

	A sudden wrapping on the shop’s front glass door vibrates through the store startling Cass. The pair stops their book search, and the sharing of their most revealing heartfelt dreams and desires. Again, there is a knocking. This time it is much louder. As quickly as this fascinating day has started, both realize its time is at an end. 
	Cass asks Margret, “What time do you think it is?” 
	She looks towards the shop window seeing the Sun has set, and seeing a stout man peering through as if he is looking for someone. 	
	Margret replies, “Just this side of night.” 
	Cass slams the book closed that he is browsing through. Instantly, he thinks about, “UNKS!” He hurries to grab the books they've collected throughout the day. 
	“I’ve got to get going. I forgot about my Uncle Jared. Oh, whom I’m now to address only as: Unks.” 
	She smiles while slowly closing her book, and then states, “I’ll bet you that’s who that is.” 
	Cass walks towards her while staring at the shop’s display window.  
	“Yep, that’s my Unks.” 
	Margret naturally performs her most dignified walk towards the shop entrance while replying, “I’m coming sir!” 
	Cass yells to her, “You see, your walk drives me 'nuts'.” 
	This encourages Margret to walk even more stout, while lifting her chin and throwing her proud head backwards. 
	He reponds, “Marvelous!” 
	Her proud face blushes as she turns it half way back towards Cass. A smile grows as she continues to walk away. 
	She stops and unlocks the door. 
	As she is doing so, Unks yells, “I’m looking for my nephew Cass! I need to find him right away! Is he here?” 
	She opens the door, and then stands aside, allowing him to frantically rush in. Uncle Jared does not notice Cass standing just down the isle. 
	Unks anxiously continues his request by stating to Margret, “Some young ladies told me a man meeting my nephew’s description entered here earlier today. I need to find him right away. This is an emergency. Our ship is getting ready to hoist anchor.” 
	The urgency of his request changes the shop’s entire atmosphere. 
	Cass yells, “I’m over here Unks!”  
	He drops most of the books he’s accumulated throughout the day. Cass is now clutching one book with each of his massive hands. He rushes towards the entrance as Margret solemnly realizes this is the end of her perfect day. Unks switches places with Margret by holding the door open. She strolls to Unks opposing side. 
	Unks suddenly realizes how much of a lady she really is. He quickly tips his hat and bids her “good evening.” 
	Cass meets in between the pair and sees Margret staring at the floor. 
	Softly she tells Cass, “I had a wonderful time today.” 
	Unks squeezes behind his large nephew and the space between the door, attempting to exit. 	
	Cass is also under attack by the barrage of emotions this moment is causing. He can only think to hurry. He puts his hand gently under her chin while Unks attempts to yank him away-with little success. Cass gently lifts her hung head and stares into her eyes. 	
	“Count on this. I am honest as the day is long. I will be back.” 
	This promise invites her heart to smile once more. It’s because of the hope of his return, and that he would care enough to do so. He surprises her with a swooping kiss, and then runs after Unks. 
	Margret exits to see the back side of Cass in his frantic dash. He suddenly stops, and then turns back towards the shop. 
	“I forgot to pay!” 
	It seems the surprise kiss has stifled her mouth from working. She just waves with the back of her hand, suggesting him to continue on. 
	He turns and starts dashing away again while yelling out, “Thanks Margret!” 
	Her emotional heart allows her a brief interruption, permitting her to composes a firm response. 
	“Don’t worry about the money honey! I’ll hold the other books till you return! I had a wonderful time!” 
	Filled with this glory of mixed emotions, she stands there watching Cass fade down over the distant hill. One of her hands eases upward to cover that part of her face he kissed, as her other secures her throbbing heart. 
	She can’t help but keep her gaze fixed on that point leading over the hill; even though Cass is long gone. As she stares off towards the horizon, two young ladies sneak up behind Margret. They saw what just happened. Their elevated social stature, along with their good looks, have always prevented any meaningful conversation with Margret. But now, they stand behind majestic Margret with a dire need to know her romantic secret. 
	How was she able to catch such a fine, handsome, gorgeous man? They beg her for any information, repeating, “Please,” over and over. 
	But, Margret does not kiss and tell. Instead, she continues standing there gazing up the hill while wearing a gigantic vengeful smile filled with timeless bliss. She knows she was Queen for a day. 	
	Needless to say; it is not Margret’s colorful canopy that will overfill her shop in the coming days and months ahead. Rather, it will be Margret’s wonderful secret these fascinated young ladies are so desperate to learn.  





































OUT TO SEA!
(Lost Chapter)
Cass leans over the “stern” side railing of the ship, resting his exhausted body. He takes deep breaths while Unks explains the reason for the quick departure. Cass hears between his gulps the captain’s rational for the shorten visit to Morocco. 
	“The ‘VirginQueen” is taking on water. Something must have happened in Dakar.” 
	Cass slowly looks over towards Unks as both their suspicious eyes acknowledge their assumption with a slow nod up and down. 
	Unks suggests. “It must have happened when we were eating dinner.”
	Both men look at each other incredulity, as Unks continues. 
	“Any ways, the slow leak is soaking the cargo below deck. The crew can’t get to the source because we’re loaded to the till. The Cap thinks we can make it to Lisbon, just north of Spain, before the water ruins the freight. You see, he’s too cheap and greedy to unload, fix the leak, and pay to have it reloaded again in Morocco. That might cost him too much.” 
	Cass’ pounding heart finally catches up to the ship’s slower steady pace. He stands up while absorbing these unsavory facts. The Cap’s lack of concern towards the crew’s safety angers him. Cass hangs his head down slightly while nodding. This time it is side to side in disbelief of the Cap’s unwise decision. In this brief moment, Cass notices the dimming lights of Morocco. The distant shop lights look like twinkling stars setting over the ocean. This sweet memory of this day fills him once more, temporarily forcing away the Cap’s selfish and dangerous act. 
	Unks thinks Cass is filled with justifiable concern. 
	He tries to comfort him by stating, “We should be alright laddie. Don’t fret. We should be fine.” 
	But, what Unks is really thinking is: 
	“We’re safe as long as the bilge pumps hold up, we don’t take on too much water, and we make it to Lisbon in the next three days.”
	 He slaps Cass on the back, turns, and then walks away. 
	“Yeah, we’ll be just fine,” are the last words Unks says that drift off into this dark night’s air. 
	Cass stays a moment longer watching the last of the lights drown under the glimmering horizon. It seems he has many concerns on his mind; and many thoughts of the women in his life-and in his heart. He stands straight up as he casually begins to smile. Although he has many conflicting emotions about all that has happened in his life, he has an epiphany. This really is an adventure of a lifetime. 
	Cass meditates on this revelation as he lay in his bunk before falling off to sleep.  
	The sunlight brings new wonder to Cass. He rolls the ship’s extra cargo rope on top-deck while struggling to view this majestic marvel fast approaching. The “Virgin Queen” cruises out of the Mediterranean gradually revealing the size of this huge purple outcrop. It grows larger and larger each passing moment. 
	Cass’ head lifts higher and higher to see the top of this monster  of a rock. The nearing Unks sees the amazement on his nephew’s face. Cass' body strains to work while his lifted eyes capture the height of this unforgettable memory. Unks knows this is something to share. 	
	“That there laddie is the great ancient ‘Rock of Gibraltar’.” 
	He continues his history class by explaining the seafaring myths surrounding this magnificent monolith. 
	“The Greeks told stories about this area of their world. This was the beginning and the end of it.” 
	Unks stops him from twirling the rope by mildly grabbing Cass' arm.  He guides Cass upward while continuing to share his great pearl of wisdom. 
	“Some cultures even worshiped this stone as some sort of god. Many ships have fallen to her curse by running into this dark wonder at night, or during sudden mysterious storms.” 
	Unks drops Cass’ arm, as both men grab a section of railing. 	
	Cass stands there gawking ever skyward. 	
	“Some say ‘sirens’ or ‘mermaids’ call to the steersman, hypnotizing him to steer right into this rock. Some sailor’s tell stories it is Poseidon’s revenge on them for not offering a virgin before circling her.” 
	Unks snickers at Cass, whom begins to snicker back. 
	“Don’t worry Cass. I think this is why the Cap gave this vessel her name.” 
	Unks just stares sternly into Cass’ eyes for a moment, and then brakes out into a sort of crazy laughter. Cass confusingly stares at Unks as he parts ways. Cass then begins laughing to himself. It seems Unks can’t contain his laughter. It follows him “stern-ward.” Cass returns to twirling the remaining rope while savoring this moment. He never takes his eyes off the menacing wonder. 
	The “Virgin Queen” finishes passing by, and then begins putting distant waters between the ship and her diminishing gracefulness. In the solitude of this moment, Cass thinks her hears a voice coming from the rock’s direction. 
	He's not sure if it's the mysterious beckoning call so many sailors have heard before, or just the winds blowing down her sheer steep cliffs. This is definitely one of those unforgettable instances. He takes this breathtaking memory with him, knowing somehow-one day he’ll pass this way again.   
	Two days later, the low lying “Virgin Queen” struggles to steam in the Port of Lisbon. The crew prepares to drop anchor while Cass tastes the sweet sensation of a new adventure. 
	He stands on deck taking in the sights, sounds, and smells this historic harbor presents. The tight quarters of the harbor are crowded with impatient vessels of all sizes and shapes attempting to dock. Each is forced to compete for an available section along the dock-head. Whistles blow, stackers steam, and captains curse out for their rightful place in line. The anguish an outburst does not bother Cass though. He chooses to feel the excitement hemorrhaging over the harbor instead. 
	Unks comes alongside his nephew whom is standing with his face towards this bustling city port. Suddenly, seagulls swarm over deck as they pass through the varying layers of early morning mist. Their loud squawking dissolves as they turn up into the early light before heading towards the distant city. 
	Cass’ attention changes, as they are allured toward the captivating sensation entering his nostrils. His chest slowly expands to its intimidating size as he attempts to suck in the entire morning aroma coming from the bakeries on shore. 
	Unks tells him, “How are you on this fine brisk sparkly morn? You’ve seen the Moroccan entrance to Heaven. Well, this is Heaven’s backdoor.” 
	Unks takes a moment to explain the ship’s current situation while taking a panoramic gander at this amazing port he’s seen so many times before. 
	“Once you’ve tasted her sweet wine of desire, they say you’re destined to come back. Anyways, we made it. The engine room found the leak this morning. It definitely was sabotage.”  
	This news breaks Cass’ concentration. 
	Unks continues, “Whoever did it was planning on the leak becoming worse. They also hoped it would go undetected till we were well out to see.” 
	Both men turn towards each other as Cass realizes the full gravity of the situation. 
	“Yes laddie, they were hoping we’d all die.” 
	Cass just shakes his head in disbelief that someone could be so callous and heartless. Unks knows what Cass is feeling. 
	“Go back to your day dreaming laddie. I didn’t mean to ruin your grand experience.” 
	Cass replies, “You were right Unks. Those guys at Dakar are stone cold killers.”
	It takes the Cap several hours to jockey the “Virgin Queen” into position to dock. The crew finishes their morning duties, and then proceeds to pretty themselves with fresh attire and clean shaven faces. Wet towels snap between two mates letting off steam, as the rest of the “living quarters” fills with whispering rumors around the “Virgin’s” sabotage. 
	Cass overhears their concern, and their wish not to return to Dakar ever again. Some swear they’ll jump ship if the greedy Cap forces them to go back there. Cass thinks a different though. His mind is preoccupied with imaginative ways to rid this world of that evil horde; and its wicked leader. This will be a much needed “shore leave” for the crew and Cass. 
	The ship’s bell “rings,” calling all hands on deck. 
	Cap gives last orders to the crew before they exit on “shore leave.” 
	“Gentlemen; we’ll have extended time in port to make up for the gained time at Morocco. This will put us back on course with our calendar. Next stop is the 'Port of Norris' in New Jersey. Then, we'll head off to the Pacific. Stay out of trouble the next three days.”  
	The Cap’s announcement excites the crew; for this is an unusually long time at port. Most of the crew head back to the “living quarters” to retrieve more of their savings. Three days on shore means they’ll be able to stay at a fine hotel with a real bedroom; a luxury seldom enjoyed by the crew. 
	Unks and Cass know the Cap will be in fine spirits the rest of the journey. You see, Lucy lives in New Jersey. 
	Unks winks at Cass, and then says, “Seems we’re picking up a passenger.” 
	Cass realizes he’ll be seeing his second momma. This welcome news lifts everyone’s spirits. 
	The crew assembles on deck. They wait for the gangplank to extend. There is a more relaxed atmosphere permeating top-deck than usual. No one seems to be in any real hurry to enjoy all that the “Port of Lisbon” has to offer. Instead, each of the crew patiently waits their turn to stroll across the plank. 
	Unks informs Cass he’ll be coming with him. 
	He also tells Cass, “I have a friend here, and place where we both might stay. She’s a pretty friend at that.” 
	He nudges his elbow into Cass’ side while saying, “That’s if you know what I mean.” 
	Cass follows Unks across, through the swirling fog cloud towards the dock-head. All the while, Cass stares upward at all the tall ancient structures, absorbing the poetic scenery only discussed in his books. Cass’ eyes fill with adventure, as Unks fills with a more serene purpose. 
	The morning mist, common for this time of year, gradually begins to lift. This unveils the dew laden cobblestone “clogging” under each of their steps. 
	Cass says, “I hear Portuguese is the language of love.” 
	Unks just stares ahead, straining to see his way through the remaining fog, blanketing this lower section of town. He makes out the store fronts ahead and steers towards them. Cass blindly smells his way along behind Unks. The last time Cass has smelled this delicious aroma was when momma baked her pies and cakes. 
	The shadow of a canopy hangs just above Cass’ head as Unks says, “Have you ever had a pastry laddie?” 
	The French door entrance-way appears through the mist. Unks swings it open, inviting Cass to be the first inside. 
	While entering, he is immediately captivated by the wonderful vision appearing. Neatly arranged colorful treasures of delight, just inches away, are trapped securely behind the display case windows. Cass thinks, “The sight and smell of these would soften the will of even the most stubborn of sailor's.” 
	Unks joins Cass alongside the long display cases filled with the stuff dreams are made of. Both men gawk while thinking which gems they might try first. During their state of enchantment, they hear the “clicking” steps of the approaching proprietor. Cass bends down while placing his nose inches from the glass wall imprisoning these jewels. His growling stomach informs the hostess of his urgency. 
	“May I help you gentlemen?” 
	Unks swipes his chin while thinking. She resolves to help them decide. 
	“May I offer you a sample of some of our finest delicacies?” 
	It seems Unks has more control over his appetite. He is content to watch Cass experience this wonder for the first time. 
	Unks romantically states, “Yes madam. I think a sample might help us better choose the desires of our hearts.” 
	She politely nods while replying, “Sim senhores,” which simply means: “yes gentlemen” in Portuguese. 
	It seems Unks has other thoughts than just pastry. He stands there looking at the pretty young parishioner as she assembles a plate with portions of strudels, cream puffs, and a host of fruit filled confectioneries. She finishes collecting the samples as Cass takes a deep sucking breath just before standing. Unks anxiously watches from a distance knowing she will see a possible delight herself.
	A fully erect Cass now towers over the young lady. His gaze moves from off the cakes, decorating the top of the display case, and towards the shaking voice holding out the trembling complimentary offering. Her stare moves up pass his smiling face and into his majestic eyes. 
	Cass softly replies, “Obrigado senhora,” meaning: “thank you madam.” 
	He concentrates while attempting to grab a treat from the trembling platter. Her shaking seems to be too much for Cass. He grabs her right hand with his left hand. His grasp steadies the tray, and her excited state. The strength from his grip causes her to giggle. It seems she is temporarily at a loss for words. 
	With his other hand, he invites Unks to take a portion. 
	Unks says, “Don’t mind if I do.”  
	After he takes two creamy delights, Cass compassionately releases her imprisoned hand. 
	“My name is Cass. I’m ship’s mate second class of the 'Virgin Queen.' Your Portuguese is excellent.” 
	Cass’ conversation and compliment soothes the young petitioner into stating, “Thank you kind sir. You too speak it very well.” 
	She again giggles, and then attempts to hide her embarrassment by placing her left hand over excited mouth. 
	“My name is Isabella.” 
	She sets the plate down on the counter. 
	Unks decides he'd like a half dozen of the fruit pastries, and a half dozen of the creamed filled puffs. 
	“We have freshly baked ones, but I’ll need to go retrieve them near the oven in back.” 
	Isabella scurries away as Cass fills the empty part of his stomach with the complimentary samples. She seems filled with urgency to fulfill Unks order. 
	Unks stands there watching Cass’ face. He smiles at him as he devours the last of the samples. 
	“You missed a crumb laddie. Oh, and you have some jelly and cream on your chin.” 
	Cass tries to swipe the remnants with his finger as his expanded cheeks hurry to swallow the tasty treats. 
	A different young lady rushes toward the counter while removing her apron. 
	“Good day gentlemen. Isabella is placing your order in a box. I’m Sherrie.” 
	Cass swallows as she slowly bends over the counter. She places her elbows on the glass counter top, and then props her pretty smiling face into her supporting hands. Her eyes are mesmerized on Cass’ handsome face awaiting his command. 
	“I can’t tell which one I liked best. They’re all so good. May I please have one more cream puff?” 
	His response spurs her to say, “You’re wish, is my command!”
 	As she stands to fulfill his request, Cass replies, “Aladdin.” 	
	Cass seems to have confused her with this comment. 
	Sherrie continues to retrieve a cream puff as he states, “I was just responding to your statement. It is a line from the story of ‘Aladdin’.” 
	Cass’ explanation does not seem to resonate with her memory. A slightly baffled Sherrie finishes grabbing a cream puff, as confused Cass cannot understand how she would not know this common child’s story. 
	Her smile returns, as she seductively offers Cass his desire. He takes the creamy creation and somberly thanks her. 
	Isabella returns with the box. All heads turn towards her as she rushes toward the counter. 
	Sherry tells her, “Silly, you forgot to tie the box.” 
	Isabella hurries to lay the box down on the display top while both ladies continue gawking over Cass. They fumble wrapping the box while never taking their eyes off him. 
	Unks states, “How much will it be ladies?” 
	Never once does Isabella’s eyes move away from Cass while replying, “No charge fellows. Since this is your first time here, this order is on the house. But, only if you promise to grace us with your business again.” 
	Unks suddenly realizes the perks associated with his nephew’s good looks. 
	He replies, “Thank you kind ladies,” as he grabs the finely wrapped box. 
	Both men prepare to exit as Sherry and Isabella converse with an assortment of giggles. 
	The men close the shop door, and then turn in front of the shop window before marching off. Cass sees each lady grasping one another by their elbows. They stare at each other with their mouth’s hung open. He salutes them as he moves away. Both ladies smile at Cass as their hands frantically wave back. Moments later, Cass notices what they wrote on the box.
	“A little gift from your friends Isabella and Sherry. See you again soon!” 
	Cass just does not seem to understand what all the commotion is about every time he meets women. He realizes he is just a man.
	He sees Unks ahead, stepping away in his hurried pace. Unks' anxious legs has put some distance between them. He also sees the mist has risen to the tops of these historic towers. The sparkling sunlight glimmers off the shop windows, which act like blinding mirrors lighting the town square. Cass quickens his steps while lifting his arm to shield his eyes. Unks never slows, as Cass stumbles to catch up.
	A dozen blocks later, Unks turns down a winding street. Each window is adorned with flower boxes, fresh baked bread, or bedding- hung out to freshen. They pass by a pair of neighbors sharing the current news from each side of their street. Cass hears “The weather will be nice today.” 
	A few more turns, and a mile later, Unks states, “We’re almost there.” 
	Unks sees a beautiful brilliant flower bed just on the other side of this picket fence. He stops and gives Cass the bakery box, and then looks back up the street both ways. Quickly and sneakily, he leans over and plucks a half dozen assorted flowers. Cass is shocked that Unks would do such a thing! Unks places a dollar coin on top the soil where he foraged the fancy foliage from. 
	He whispers, “I forgot a gift. Never show up empty handed when visiting a lady.” 
	The hefty payment seems to sooth both men's conscience. 
	As they quickly stroll away, Cass smirks at his uncle. 
	Unks says, “Why are you looking at me like that?” 
	“I just can’t picture you carrying flowers. Well, until now.” 
	They speed away as Unks shirks his snickering head side to side. 






CHAPTER 6: guardian angel


Unks knocks on the quaint cottage door. The long walk seems to have tired him, but Cass seems ready for a day of adventure. They both hear the sound of the swinging “peek hole” cover. In a moment, the door opens revealing the worn face of a smiling lady. Unks holds up his fragrant present. She stares at it, and then takes a long gaze at Uncle Jared. 
	As she sniffs and smiles, she says, “It’s been a long while sailor since your last visit. Might I ask who this tall gentleman is with you?” 
	Unks removes his cap while telling her, “My nephew Cass. I mean, this is my nephew Casanova. And Cass, this is Mrs. Guvenossie.” 
	She smiles at Unks while waving the pair to come inside. 
	Cass stops Unks,  and then asks, “Do you mind if I go do some sightseeing?” 
	Unks pats his arm. “Go have an adventure, but don’t be too late.” 
	Mrs. Guvenossie overhears his request and warns him, “Supper is at 5pm.” 
	Cass hands Unks the box of confectioneries before walking away. As he does, he listens to their conversation disappear behind the closing door. 
	He stops momentarily at the front gate to remember the path they traveled to get here. He proceeds to the intersection making a mental note of Mrs. Guvenossie’s street name and address. 
	Its late morning as Cass enters the town square. The Sun warms Cass enough to force the removal of his jacket. He swings it over his shoulder while staring at the vista of merchants selling everything from flowers to exotic spices. He listens to the choir of voices competing to announce their “specials of the day.” The cathedral towers “ring” eleven times, drowning the singing of the merchants. The loud “bonging” of the bells causes his eyes to lift up to its soaring source. 
	Cass sees that the mist of the morning is now nothing more than a thin cloud floating above the massive ancient stone clock tower. The open market produces a wonderful aroma, tempting Cass to venture through the bustling crowd of patrons. 
	A sparkling table shines in the middle of the market. The glimmer hypnotizes Cass. It entices him to find what might be the source of this bright beacon. He maneuvers through the winding path, ebbing and flowing with people. He finally reaches this glittering heap of treasure. He is memorized by all the gold and silver trinkets burning his eyes as they shimmer in the sunlight. He stoops through the blinding brightness and sees a wealth of necklaces, rings, bracelets, and watches. 
	A mature man, wearing a white shirt concealed by a black vest, stands there looking at Cass. 
	“Can I assist you sailor?” 
	It seems Cass’ jacket and attire has revealed his identity. 
	He again asks, “Might I interest you in a fine gold watch?” 
	The gentleman merchant lifts up a twirling gold pocket watch dangling by its braided gold chain. 
	“This is only 1050 escudos.” 
	Cass has no idea how much money that translates into. Confusion covers his face as he rubs his chin. This large number seems to be much more than Cass has. 
	The merchant senses his dilemma and informs him, “That would be eight and one half pounds, or fifteen American dollars.” 
	This revelation allows Cass to participate in bidding on what he really wants. 
	“Sorry, but I am interested in buying possibly two necklaces. But, I only have about ten dollars to spend.” 
	The merchant raises his index finger, suggesting to Cass to wait, while his other hand retrieves a tray from under his table. He sets it on top the mountain of jewelry covering the table in front of Cass. 
	The merchant says, “Everything in this tray is under, shall we say, ten dollars.” 
	Cass replies in Spanish, “Es magnifo sir. Eso es lo que estoy buscando.” His attempt to communicate in the native tongue of Portuguese has not gone unnoticed. 
	The merchant smile’s at Cass, and then replies, “Thank you. I’m glad you think my goods are magnificent. I hope I can satisfy your desires.” 
	“By the way, my name is Cass.” 
	The merchant replies, “And, my name is Mr. Burnito. You do know most everyone here speaks English nearly as well as Portuguese?”
	Cass responds, “I was not aware of that fact.” 
	His mind makes a mental note as his eyes become instantly captivated by a pair of silver necklaces. 
	“How much might these be? I know two special ladies who would love these.” 
	The merchant lifts the pair up between them. Cass is caught up in the swirling shimmer each produces. At the end of the silver necklaces spin two elegantly designed, finely engraved golden lockets. Mr. Burnito looks past the light and into the sparkle of Cass’ eyes. Cass just stares and smiles. 
	Mr. Burnito tells him, “These are made of the finest silver north of Spain. Each is only 670 escudos, or ten dollars each.” 
	Their luster seems to fade away as Cass’ face turns more somber. Mr. Burnito realizes Cass is set on buying two necklaces at this price. 
	“These sure are beautiful. I surely would love to buy them.” 
	Cass reaches into his pocket and retrieves all its contents. 
	“Unfortunately, I have exactly eleven dollars and twenty five cents.” 
	Cass scratches his head as Mr. Burnito realizes the difference between Cass’ desire and the amount he’d have to sacrifice. This was just too great a difference.
	Mr. Burnito’s concentration suddenly shifts towards the small hand rising up from under the table near Cass' side. It quickly slides out three or four expensive necklaces from under the tray. Cass sees Mr. Burnito’s attention has turned away from him, sensing something is not right. Mr. Burnito leans across the table to apprehend the mischievous hand, but the small boy whom it is attached to dashes from under the table. Mr. Burnito helplessly watches him disappear into the concealing crowd. Cass sees Burnito’s face full of anguish turn back towards him. 
	Mr. Burnito yells, “Stop thief! Someone stop him!” 
	Cass realizes his dilemma to leave his treasure, so Cass runs after the boy. He suddenly finds that the boy’s ambiguous path through the passing patrons has hidden his escape. 
	Cass tells himself, “There’s more than one way to skin a pole cat.” 
	This is a term Uncle Jared taught him; meaning: there are more than one solution to a problem. 
	Cass’ head peers over-top the crowd and sees where he’ll set his trap. He rushes towards the most logical exit; near the street opening at the end of the market place. As Cass approaches, he reasons that his long strides should place him just ahead of the tiny culprit. 
	He sits down and covers himself with his jacket, all but his face. Cass holds his hand out, hoping to disguise himself as an indigent man begging for a “handout.” He sees the boy approaching. 
	Cass asks him, “Please help me. I’m starving.” 
	Cass plans to grab the boy when he passes by and hopes his request will lure the boy close to him. But, the ragged boy does something Cass never expects. He reaches into his pocket and pulls out one of the necklaces he stole, and then places it into Cass’ hand.                                                                            	
	He tells Cass, “I know how it feels to go hungry mister.” 
	Rather than grab the boy, Cass decides to follow him and figure out why this thief might be so kind. 
	A dozen intersections pass by as they enter a more unsavory part of town. The tall worn-down structures block most of the sunlight. There are no flower boxes hanging on windows, or flower gardens behind picket fences. Only shadows from boxes of debris revealing their rotten stench decorate this section of town. 
	Cass watches as the boy turns into an alleyway. Cass follows him in. He is just in time to catch sight of the boy ascending a set of partially broken steps. Cass quietly moves under them, and then stands there. He patiently waits to see where the boy might enter the building. Cass remains steadfast, trying not to alert the boy of his existence. The culprit stops on the fourth floor balcony, and then slides up a window before entering it. 
	Cass quickly, but quietly, hurdles up the steps making his way up the tall flight of stairs. Rather than trying to enter through the window, he chooses to enter through the adjacent doorway next to the window. 
	Several doorways line this long dark hall. Cass knows the first door on his right is the most logical place to find the boy.  As he approaches it, he overhears a muffled conversation coming from inside. 
	A boy's voice says, “Momma, don’t worry, I’m going to get Becky some food, and you some medicine.” 
	Cass hears a loud uncontrollable cough coming from a woman. He grabs the door knob and gently turns it, and then pushes it slightly open. Through the sliver he sees a woman sitting on a mattress with a blanket over her. The lady is a mess. She continues to cough into a pink hanky. Cass suddenly remembers momma’s illness. 
	The boy hears the door creaking slowly open and runs to defend his family from the approaching giant. He raises his arms and pushes Cass backward. He seems to be attempting to shove Cass outside so he can lock the door. In the boy’s exhaustion, he realizes Cass is just too big and strong to budge. Cass reaches his arm over the boy. 
	Immediately the boy prostrates to his knees and begins to beg. 	“Please don’t beat me mister!” 
	The boy raises his arm, preparing for Cass’ blows. He pleads with Cass, “Please; don’t hurt me or my family!” 
	Cass sees scars on the boy’s arm, undoubtedly from a former beating he received. The boy quickly reaches into his pocket and retrieves two precious necklaces. 
	He holds them up for Cass to see while again pleading, “Mercy sir, please take these and go!” 
	Cass stands there while looking over towards the lady. She sees Cass is not moving and expects the worse. She cries between coughs while ripping off her blanket. She reveals herself to Cass as part of her last line of defense to protect this family. It seems this is the only treasure she has left to offer. What Cass does next they never expect.	
	He rushes over to the sick lady, and then grabs her blanket. Quickly, he covers her. 	
	“They’ll be none of that madam.” 
	Cass gazes into her eyes as she shakes full of fear and confusion. He immediately grabs her and pulls her up to him. 
	He feels her trembling, so he tells her, “Now, now, don’t worry madam. I won’t hurt you.” 
	Cass notices the confused boy standing at his side as Cass continues to embrace the crying woman. 
	“My name is Casanova. I’m here to help you.” 
	The lady uses her remaining strength to turn her head up and see the most marvelous face her heart has ever dreamed of. 
	Gently, Cass tells her, “I don’t know all that’s happened to you, but I’m going to help you get better.” 
	She weeps profusely as she asks, “Are you an angel?” 
	Cass sees the boy fall to his knees. 
	He cries out, “What is going on?” 
	Cass realizes this boy must never have seen the kindness like he is offering. He reaches his long arm around the boy, and then pulls him into this group hug. It seems even Cass has a tear in his eye.
	The lady interrupts the huddle by pushing herself away far enough to expel phlegm coughing out of her. 
	Cass reaches into his pocket while asking the boy if he knows where a pharmacy is. 
	Cass hands him all his money and tells him, “I’m going to make you a list, and I want you to go fetch the items on it. Can you do that for me?” 
	The confused boy hurries to find something for Cass to write upon. Cass lays the woman back down. As Cass stands, the boy returns. Cass grabs the scrap of paper and scribbles down a half dozen things on his list. 
	“Here son, now go get these things, and then hurry back.” 
	The boy grabs the list and stares into Cass’ eyes. 
	He leaps forward to embrace Cass while stating, “I don’t even know who you are. But, I love you already. Thanks for helping us.” 
	Cass pats the top of his head while telling him, “You go on now. I’ll take care of your momma.” 
	The boy turns away, but not before saying, “She’s not my real momma.”
	From out of another room strolls, what looks like, a two or three year old girl. Cass remains seated at the exhausted ladies side as the tiny tot makes her way over. Her dainty cautious steps stop just short of where Cass is. She places the side of her finger into her mouth, and then slowly sways side to side. 
	Cass asks her, “Honey, does that taste good?” 
	Cass warmly smiles at her. She smiles back, but continues in her swaying dance. 
	 “Are you hungry dear?” 
	She stops swaying and nods her head slowly up and down. 	
	Cass tells her, “Your brother is getting us some food to eat. Does that sound good to you?” 
	She again smiles while slowly nodding up and down. 
	“Would you like to hear a story while we wait for your brother?” 
	Her smile widens with anticipation as her eyes fill with delight. 
	Gently, he reaches out and grabs her, and then pulls her onto his lap. 
	“I need to know your name before I can share my adventure.” 
	Softly and sweetly, her shy lips boldly confess, “Beckyyy.” 	
	“My name is Cass. All right then. Since we’ve been properly introduced, I’ll tell you a very, very special story my momma made just for me.” 
	Cass fills her mind with the pleasures that curiosity brings. Without a wiggle, or so much as a squirm, tiny Becky hinges on every word surrounding the adventure of Pepito. Cass reveals how this small monkey overcomes his doubts, fears, and the impossible task ahead of him. 
	Cass’ whispers, “Pepito is attempting to do what no monkey has ever done before; to climb to the top of the ‘Monkey Puzzle Tree.’ This is the tallest tree in the world.” 
	Tiny Becky rivets on each of Cass’ words. 
	He stares into Becky’s eyes as her tiny mouth hangs open in amazement. Cass explains how Pepito overcomes the impossible and makes it to the top, and then finishes the story with, 
	“And, all the world is right!”  
	The boy returns as Cass kisses Becky’s little head. 
	He tells Cass, “I got everything on the list. Here’s your change mister.” 
	Cass sets Becky alongside him, and then grabs the large box from the boy. 
	He informs the boy, “Call me Cass son.” 
	His comment brings tears to the boy’s eyes. 
	“Why are you helping us?” 
	Cass replies, “Remember the poor man you gave that necklace to?” 
	Cass reaches into his pocket and holds up the necklace. 
	“It’s because a poor boy once showed mercy to me.”	
	Cass sets the box on the floor, and then pulls out a bag marked “Medicina.” He opens it while telling the boy to fetch a pot and fill it with water. Cass hurries to open the cough medication. 
	He slides his arm under the sleeping lady while telling her,  	
	“Here’s some medicine for you to take.” 
	Her weary eyes open slightly as he holds the bottle to her lips. 	
	“Take a good big swig dear. This will help with your cough.” 	
	He tilts the bottle up as she attempts to swallow. Each tiny sip seems to hurt her soar swollen irritated throat. 
	“Come on honey, it will make you better.” 
	Tears again flow down her cheeks as she grabs his large bicep. 
	It takes every bit of strength she has, but she very quietly struggles to tell Cass, “Thank you.” 
	He lays her down, and then tells her, “You get some sleep. I’m going to feed the kids.” 
	She passes out the instant her head returns to the mattress. But, she wears a very comforting smile this time.
	“My name is Rico. I’m ten years old.” 
	These sudden words pour out the kitchen area as the boy finishes filling the pot with water. 
	Cass responds with, “Well then Rico, place the pot on the stove and boil it. We need to put some steam in the air. This will make it easier for your momma to breath.” 
	The boy places the pot on the stove top before informing Cass of a potential problem. 
	“We have no wood to burn inside the stove.” 
	Cass walks around the barely furnished apartment looking for something he can use to improvise as firewood. He notices one broken chair in the vacant bedroom. Cass quickly crushes it in his embrace. 	
	“Rico, take this and tosses it in the stove.” 
	As the boy obeys, he sees Cass grabbing the gaping hole where the plaster has fallen off the wall. Cass effortlessly punches loose a dozen lattice slats before returning to the stove. 
	He tells Rico, “I think this will be enough.” 
	It seems all the loud noise Cass made breaking the wood has frighten Becky. Cass grabs the newspaper wrapped around the supplies in the box, and tosses it into the stove. He grabs little Becky, and then places her on his shoulders. This maneuver instantly settles Becky’s crying. 
	Cass asks, “Might you have some matches Rico?” 
	The young man hurries to the kitchen cupboard. He returns holding a box marked matches. 
	He tells Cass, “That’s about the only thing in the food pantry of any use.” 
	In minutes, a soothing warm vapor begins to fill the room. Cass watches the lady begin to breathe much easier. As the mist fills the room, Cass hears two tiny growling stomachs. His stomach obliges them with a grumble of its own. Both children laugh.  
	Cass smiles as he carries the box of supplies to the kitchen. He empties its contents onto the counter top. He grabs three of the items before returning to the living room. He carries them along with the empty box. He turns the box over, and then sets it in the middle of the floor. The children watch as he lays a loaf of bread, a block of cheese, and a roll of ham on the box. 
	Cass asks, “Who’s hungry?” 
	He pulls his trusted pen knife out of his pocket and proceeds to slice the bread, the cheese, and then the meat. The children eagerly watch Cass assemble each item as he beckons them to sit down around the box. They all proceed to eat sandwiches while the children tell their short life stories. 
	Cass’ instinct is right. Two and a half year old Becky is Rico’s sister. But, the sick lady is actually no relation to them. Rico explains how his real mother died a little over a year ago. Cass realizes her symptoms are similar to the illness his momma had. He listens to Rico explain how Miss Avery came to be their new momma. They had no one to take care of them after their real momma died. Miss Avery, as it turns out, was their momma’s closes friend. But the children knew she had an unpleasant reputation. 
	Their real momma was a Christian lady who always tried to help others. It seems Miss Avery would show up all bruised and battered. They often overheard momma warn Miss Avery to quit doing what she was doing. Their momma even told Miss Avery she would take care of her. 
	One day Miss Avery showed up to find their momma had been dead three days. The young children told her she was lying in the other room. That’s when Miss Avery changed her life. Rico explains how Miss Avery did the best she could with the little money she had. She found a reputable job waitressing at a nice restaurant. Things started to go well for about nine months. But, she became sick three months ago. Since then, she lost her job because of her persistent cough. It grew worse, and worse. She’s been sick in bed for nearly a month now.
	Cass pulls the necklace out of his pocket and holds it in front of Rico. 
	“I understand why you did what you did. But, we need to put things right.” 
	Rico removes three very fine necklaces from his pocket, and then hands them to Cass. 
	“I was just trying to get some money for medicine and food for them.” 
	Cass places his hand on Rico’s shoulder while stating, “I’m sure you’re a fine young man. We just need to make some adjustments to the course your ship is sailing towards.” 
	Rico, it seems, has only had a father in his life for a short time. Cass will fill that gap for now.
	After dinner, Cass tells Rico, “It’s getting late.” 
	He hands Rico all of his money, and tells the children, “I have things I must do. But, I’ll be back in the morning. You should have enough food to last a while. Hold on to that money until Miss Avery wakes up. Find out if she needs anything from the store.” 
	Becky finally decides to talk. 
	She says, “Poppa, please don’t go.” 
	Her words stab at the very heart of Cass. He grabs her in his arms and gently spins her around. 
	“Honey, I promise I’ll be back.” 
	He looks down at Rico and says, “A man is only as good as his word. My words you can trust.” 
	This greatly encourages Rico to help control his little sister’s crying. 
	“One last thing son, there’ll be no more stealing.” 
	Cass looks firmly into the lad’s eyes as Rico responds, “No sir. I won’t ever do that again.” 
	Cass smiles at Rico, and then kisses tiny Becky before leaving. 	
	On the other side of the door he says, “And this time, lock the door Rico.” 
	He waits as Rico turns the lock. 	
	Rico responds, “Yes sir.”
	Cass makes his way back to the market square. He enters to see most of the shop keepers packing up their goods. The tower clock “bongs” four times as he approaches Mr. Burnito. The merchant stares up to see Cass approaching. 
	“I never thought I’d see your handsome face again.” 
	Cass reaches into his pocket, and then holds up the four necklaces. Mr. Burnito stands in awe. 
	“You definitely are a rare breed Cass. An honest man is someone to cherish.” 
	Cass tells him, “Sorry for the delay getting back here. But, I ran in to several problems.” 
	Mr. Burnito holds up his reclaimed treasures while staring at them. 
	“You do realize these are worth thirty dollars each.” 
	Cass had no idea of their value. “I’m just glad to return them to you Mr. Burnito. 
	The merchant carefully places them back into their travel case, and then ask, “What can I do to make this up to you?” 
	Cass replies, “There’s no need to reward me for doing the right thing.” 
	Again, Mr. Burnito is amazed to find such a sincere man. 
	“I want you to stop back here in the morning. I want to give you a little something. I insist!” 
	Cass tells him, “If it will make you feel better. I have an errand to run first thing in the morning though. Then, I’ll stop back.” 
	Cass turns to hurry back to Mrs. Guvenossie’s before 5 pm. 
	Mr. Burnito yells to him, “Don’t forget, honest Cass, to come back!” 
	It takes several minutes for Cass to remember how to get back to Mrs. Guvenossie’s, and Unks. It is a welcomed walk through this adorning section of old Lisbon. He hurries pass an 
elderly man reading his evening newspaper while smoking his pipe. 
	Cass beckons him, “Good evening Sir.” 
	The Gentleman tips his head to recognize his salutation, while a woman invites the elderly man to come in for dinner. 
	The air is filled with the simmering smells of stew, porridge, and the scent of fresh baked pies and bread. Cass rushes along while listening to the town’s bell tower “bong” five times. He runs the three remaining blocks. 
	He’s just in time to see Unks stand from his evening newspaper reading. 
	Cass says, “Sorry I’m a few minutes late.” 
	Unks folds the newspaper, and then tucks it under his arm. He waits for Cass to come join him. 
	“Did you have an adventure laddie?” 
	Cass closes the picket gate before replying, “You’d never guess the adventure I had today.” 
	As they enter the cottage, Unks informs Cass that Mrs. Guvenossie has prepared the spare room for him. Cass immediately sees her waiting by the kitchen table, warning the pair to hurry over before dinner gets cold. 
	Unks hurries to assist by pulling out, and then pushing in Mrs. Guvenossie’s chair. Unks and Cass seat themselves as Mrs. Guvenossie proceeds with a dinner prayer. Cass and Unks thank her before indulging in the wonderful smelling feast she’s prepared. 
	During dinner, they each take turns filling their mouths with conversation on all the day’s activities, and then with a forkful of the scrumptious meal. Cass respectfully waits till last to describe his amazing encounter. Mrs. Guvenossie eagerly and attentively returns from the kitchen with several slices of fresh baked pie. But, it is Cass’ exploits serving as this evening’s real desert. 
	Cass nibbles between his recounting of this family in dire need. Each bite causes Cass to inform Mrs. Guvenossie just how wonderful a cook she is. The rather large short lady retakes her position at the table. Cass continues as Mrs. Guvenossie shakes her head side to side in disbelief. Cass takes the largest slice of the evening conversation, as the intrigued lady slides the largest slice of cherry pie on his empty plate. He finishes as his eye lids grow ever heavy. Today’s toll finally catches up with him. 
	“I think I’ll bid you both a 'goodnight.' And, thank you Mrs. Guvenossie for this wonderful dinner.” 
	Unks shows Cass to his room. He gives him a wink, a pat on his back, and then wishes him a good night’s sleep. 
	Cass falls fast asleep, but still remains somewhat anxious to return to the children. This night is filled with many tosses and turnings. 
	Cass wakes as the Sun rises. He hears snoring coming from down the hall. Quietly he dresses, while looking around the room for something to write with, and something to write on. He finds a tablet on the closest shelf and a pencil resting on top of it. He brings his note to the kitchen, and then stands it on the table. 
	It reads, “Sorry Mrs. Guvenossie and Unks, but I have some errands to run. I did not want to wake you. I’ll be back by 5 pm. Cass.” 
	He searches the pantry for a quick breakfast before leaving. He finds the cherry pie Mrs. Guvenossie made for desert, being covered by a cloth. He removes a slice by sliding it carefully onto his hand while making sure not to drop any crumbs. 
	Cass quietly shuts the front door before devouring the slice of pie. He rushes off while watching the town as it begins to wake. Cass bids an elderly man, “Good morning,” along his journey. The surprised man wearing his sleeping gown nods to Cass, and then finishes fetching the morning newspaper.
	The yellow morning sunlight battles through sections of the morning mist. Cass makes his way to the town square. Only a few merchants are preparing their stands. He smells the sweet scents coming from the charming bakery he visited yesterday. He decides to see if the young ladies might be willing to give a box of pastries to the children in exchange for his word to stop back and pay them later. He visions the childrens growling stomachs, urging him to try.
	Cass smells his way to the bakery. Isabella immediately notices him approaching through the store front window. 
	She turns her head towards the kitchen while announcing to Sherry, “Guess who’s come back.” 
	Isabella attempts to puff up her hair as Cass grabs the door handle. Her face fills with delight as she welcomes him. 
	“Well, good morning. Glad to see you got our message.” 
	Cass remembers the box and giggles. 
	She remarks, “Honey, I guess you have a sweet tooth.” 
	Cass hopes to help his situation by paying her with several advance compliments. 
	“Well, good morning to you. You sure look especially lovely Isabella.” 
	This strategy seems to be working. Her smiling mouth drupes wide open, as her elbows search for a place to rest on the counter top once more. 
	“Do you know you may have the prettiest smile and whites teeth I may have ever seen?” 
	Isabella’s eyes turn sensuously serious as she lowers her ecstatic face into her propped arms. 
	Sherry hurries up to the counter to greet him. 
	Cass decides to spread the final thick flattering layer on the girls by stating, “I don’t know which delicacy to choose from. There may be only one thing harder than picking from one of your wonderful pastries. It is to choose which one of you is more beautiful.” 
	Sherry’s adoring face joins alongside Isabella’s; sharing in the same propped pose. Sherry nudges Isabella over slightly in her attempt to make herself more noticeable to Cass. Isabella is too mesmerized to even notice her subtle intrusion. 
	Cass thinks this may be a good time to suggest his intention to pay them later. Both ladies stare at him waiting to see which one is more beautiful. 
	Cass asks, “Might I have a dozen pastries for a couple hungry children?” 
	The ladies faces fill with confusion. 
	His comment cause Sherry to asks, “You have children?” 	
	Shivers of unfaithfulness “tingle” over her as she waits for his response. 	
	“No! Oh no. I’m not married. I just met some poor children in dire need of food.” 
	Both ladies hearts melt to know there is a man in this world that would care so much about another's children. Isabella hurries to assemble a box as Sherry quickly pulls out two trays filled with virtually every type confectionery delight the bakery offers. Isabella slides her hand along the tray filling the box to overflowing. Sherry hurries to fill a second box using the same method. Cass shakes his head in astonishment to their overwhelming kindness. 
	“You sure are two of the finest ladies God has ever created.” 	
	You can almost see their heart’s throbbing through their blouses. 
	Cass reaches into his empty pocket as Isabella scolds Cass, 
	“You take these to those children right away. And if you try and pay us, we’ll be very, very angry. Here, take a bottle of milk also.” 
	Cass grabs each of their hands and kisses them. 
	Neither says a word to Cass. They stare at him as he exits. Sherry fans her face with her hand, as Isabella uses hers to covers her heart. 
	Cass turns before the door closes and says, “Thank you beautiful lady. I’ll be back.” 
	As he passes the store window he notices the girls politely shoving each other. He remembers what he just said. His departing compliment was accidentally address to only one of them. 
	The morning sunrise seems brighter today. The waking city leisurely begins filling the streets and sidewalks. Cass graciously bids everyone “good morning” that he passes by. The smell coming from the bakery boxes helps place an alluring smile on these strangers face as they return their own morning salutation. Yes, this morning is much sunnier than the one before.
	Cass climbs the steps to the apartment building while seeing an excited Rico waving down to him. 
	“Good morning Cass!” 
	The fresh baked aroma lifts skyward alerting the boy something wonderful is coming his way. He hurries down to help with the boxes. Cass stops, looks up, and then smiles. 
	Rico reaches him and asks, “What do you have Cass? It sure smells good!” 
	Cass hands him the bottle of milk, and then tells him, “Breakfast. I’ll carry the boxes, and you carry the milk.” 
	Rico passes his head over top the pink confectionery containers, absorbing the glorious fragrance coming from inside. He follows Cass the rest of the way while keeping his nose as close to the  boxes as possible. 
	After they make it to the front door, little Rico wraps his arms around Cass’ waist. 
	“I knew you’d come back. I’ve been waiting for you since before 'sunrise'.” 
	Cass just pats his back and smiles. The gratuitous moment  touches Cass’ heart. He wants to reply, but words will just not do justice. He swishes the top of Rico’s head instead. 
	This moment causes Cass to remember another ten year old boy needing someone as much as Rico needs him. Cass turns the doorknob carefully, trying not to make any loud noise. He slowly opens the door to see Miss Avery lying on the mattress. Cass covertly stares as she slowly combs her soothing hand through sleeping Becky’s hair. The babe lays nestled snugly alongside Miss Avery. Rico destroys Cass' cover as he passes under his arm. 
	“Look what Cass brought us!” 
	Rico holds up the milk bottle as Cass shakes his smiling head side to side. 
	Loudly Cass whispers, “Sorry ladies. WE WERE TRYING TO BE QUIET!” 
	Rico suddenly realizes what Cass is talking about. 
	His face begins to frown as the observant Cass tells him, “That’s alright buddy. You are just a little excited.” 
	He again swishes Rico’s hair as a friendly gesture.
	Cass looks over at Miss Avery. She nervously tries to button her sleeping shirt with one hand while pushing herself up with the other. Cass notices she is still weak, but is well enough to try and get up today. He sets the pastries on top the dining table box while telling Rico to fetch some glasses. Cass moves towards Miss Avery to help her stand. 
	She sits with her back facing Cass. Her tilted face is committed to assisting her hands in finishing buttoning her shirt. Her downward stare sees Cass’ boots appear next to her feet. His extended hand enters her obstructed view. She coughs into her hand, and then gradually looks up to see the handsome Cass towering over her. 
	Her eyes’ widen as he states, “It seems you’re a little better than you were yesterday.” 
	Her face turns abruptly sad as she tries to comb her hand through her tangled her. 
	She cries out, “I’m so embarrassed! I look awful!” 
	Tears flood down her cheeks, as her hands hurry to hide her ugliness. He grabs one of her arms from off her face, and then easily hoists her up. 
	He wraps his long arms around her, and then says, “Now then, everything will be alright.” 
	She continues to cry and cough in his embrace. He runs one of his hands gently through the back of her hair. His soothing fingers calm her whimper. 
	She speaks into his chest, “You don’t even know me. Why are you doing this?” 
	Cass continues to comb her hair while telling her, “I’m just trying to make you look beautiful.” 
	He feels her buried face bob against his chest, as she laughs cynically. 
	She states, “Good luck fellow. That will take a miracle.” 
	She then coughs once more. 
	The waking Becky leaps off the bed and joins the pair. She tries wrapping her tiny arms around Cass’ legs, but Becky is only able to wrap them around one of them. Cass sees Becky’s predicament. He grabs her with his free arm. With both ladies in his arms, he slowly turns around. 
	Cass asks, “Who wants breakfast?” 
	He sees Rico has already poured the milk and has begun eating a powdered pastry. Cass lifts Miss Avery slightly higher off the floor and carries the pair over to the dining table box. Miss Avery slides her buried face side to side against Cass’ chest in sheer amazement to his unusual strength. He reaches the box, stops, and then laughs. Becky joins in the laughter, causing Miss Avery to investigate the reason for this outbreak. She turns her head halfway off Cass’ chest to see the powdered face of Rico holding a pastry in both hands.
	Rico states, “These sure are good!” 
	Everyone frantically laughs. 
	He sets the girls down while stating, “I know.” 
	Cass grabs a creamed filled pastry, and then squeezes a finger full out. He turns to Miss Avery and wipes it on her nose. 
	“Oh,” he replies, “That won’t do.” 
	The amazed lady stands there frozen in unbelief to his antics. Cass proceeds to wipe some more on both her cheeks. 
	“There you go. Now you look real beautiful.” 
	She wants to cry, but the hilarious hysteria escalates. She has no choice but to join in the festivity. 
	She quickly swipes the creamy residue from her face, and then retaliates with her own personal beautification application on everyone laughing at her. 
	Cass’ weaken legs buckle, causing him to fall backwards on to the mattress in laughing exhaustion. He tries to raise his head, but every time he does, he sees them and begins to laugh all over again. 
	Reality slowly returns. Rico joins Cass in his lying position on the mattress. 
	Rico proclaims, “I’m stuffed Cass.” 
	Cass pats Rico’s belly, and then slowly lifts himself up. Both ladies sit at the dining box eating their pastry while drinking their milk. They sit relaxed smiling while chewing with their closed powdered covered mouths. Cass decides to join them for breakfast. 
	He grabs a fruit filled pastry while Miss Avery responds, “I don’t know why, but it feels like I’ve always known you. You’ll never know how grateful I am-we are. Thank you. I believe your name is Cass?” 
	She extends her gratitude by offering her handshake. 
	“I’m Avery Bonacelli.”
	Cass connects with his hand, and then shakes hers. 
	“I’m Casanova Rouseco, ship’s mate second class.” 
	Her heart fills with mystery, as her eyes’ submissively pass over his adoring face. 	
	“You’re a sailor. So Cass, what brings you here?” 
	Miss Avery unintentionally coughs a puff of powder onto Cass. 
	He responds by saying, “You sure have a funny way of saying thank you.” 
	He smiles at her, and then she smiles at him. It seems she is growing accustom to his salty type of humor. 
	“Just call me Avery, or Ava-that’s what my friends’ call me.” 	
	He asks, “Have you been taking your medicine?” 
	“Yes, and I feel much, much better.” 
	Cass tells her, “You look much better.” 
	Becky forces her way onto Cass’ lap, bringing along her pastry the size of her little face. She swings her content leg back and forth as she comfortably begins eating once more. Miss Avery is astounded at Becky’s blatant action of affection. 
	“These children sure have taken a liking to you. This is something they don’t do to anyone. I can tell why though.” 
	Ava slowly chews while trying to figure out who this tall, dark, and very handsome stranger really is. He seems way too good to be true. 
	Cass explains a little more about himself. 
	“Well, I’m here with the ‘Virgin Queen’. We’ll be here till tomorrow. Rico brought me here by telling me about your situation. How can anyone resist such a kind sweet face as Rico’s.” 
	The boy leans up and stares at him in amazement. Rico knows Cass has just saved him from the embarrassment of his thieving action. 	
	Cass just winks at Rico; as to say, “It will be our secret.” 
	Rico smiles at Cass, and then acknowledges his intentions by slightly nodding his head slowly up and down. 
	Becky drops her pastry on the floor before slamming her small body against Cass’. 
	She hugs him while crying, “But, I don’t want you to go poppa!” 
	Cass’ eyes’ well up with silent tears, as Miss Avery’s fail with her attempt. Both girls’ eyes begin to overflow. 	
	“You’re a good man Casanova Rouseco!” 
	He comforts Becky by shaking her slightly up and down. 	
	“Don’t fret honey. I’ll be your poppa if you want.” 
	Becky reaches her head up and kisses his cheek. 
	Miss Avery says, “I don’t know what magical powers you posses, but you sure are our guardian angel.”






CHAPTER 7: A day to remember


Cass checks through the cupboards to see there is nothing to eat, except what he's brought. Miss Avery cleans off Becky’s fruit covered face. And, Rico closes the half eaten bakery boxes before bringing them over to the kitchen counter. 
	Cass proclaims, “Rico, Becky, and I are going on an adventure today.” 
	Miss Avery brushes Becky’s hair and is startled by his command. She abruptly stops what she’s doing. 
	He continues speaking while walking towards her, “You need a quiet day of rest if you’re going to get better.” 
	Normally she would never trust a stranger with the children, but Cass seems to be no stranger at all. Against her better judgment, she allows him by cautiously shaking her head slowly up and down in agreement.
	”You children behave Cass and do exactly what he says.” 
	She hugs Becky, and then quickly swishes Rico’s hair. 
	“Be good children.” 
	Cass brings her the cough syrup right after lighting the stove. 	
	“Take this. It seems the steam is also helping you.” 
	He returns to the kitchen and fills a glass with water. He also fills the pot that was on the stove. He replaces the pot on the stove, and then politely hands Miss Avery the glass. 
	She finishes swallowing the unsavory syrup. Immediately, she grabs the glass and begins to sip. Cass bends and stares at Becky’s 
tiny face. 
	He tells her, “You look lovely.” 
	He lifts her up and holds her on his side. 
	“Come on Rico. We’re burning daylight.” 
	Cass smiles at Avery just before leaving. 
	“You get some sleep.” 
	Steam starts filling the air as Cass closes the door. 
	The last thing he hears before walking away is, “Thank you angel.”          
	They make their way up town. As they pass by the store fronts, Cass watches the children's faces. Every shop window is decorated with attractive displays filling their small minds with wonder. 
	“How much money do you have left Rico?” 
	The boy struggles to keep pace while his hand searches through his pocket. 
	“I have five dollars and forty five cents.” 
	Cass veers right and stops in front of a second hand clothing store. 
	“I think you kids need some new clothes.” 
	He enters the store while holding the door open for Rico. The children are not use to seeing what is on the other side of the display window. Rico dashes to the right, counting all the isles of clothing along his way. Cass lifts Becky, and then places her on his shoulders so she can see the entire store too. Her tiny eyes marvel as she stares over top the many rows of beautiful attire. He realizes how this simple outing is a real adventure for the children. Rico returns as his sister returns to earth. 
	As Cass sets her down, Rico proclaims, “There are seven isles.” 
	Cass mentions, “Well, I guess they should have something decent for both of you to wear.” 
	He softly grabs Becky’s tiny hand while ushering the children along. He finds Rico two pair of trousers, three shirts, socks, and a pair of shoes. Cass helps Becky choose two nice dresses for herself. She decides to pick a pretty flower pattern, and then a purple one with white lace. He finds a nice pair of shoes that match both her dresses. Becky agrees with his choice. 
	Cass says, “I figure we’ve spent about two dollars and seventy five cents.” 
	Before paying, Cass sees a nice dress about Miss Avery’s size. It is real pretty. He grabs it and holds it up for the children to see. They all agree it would look real nice on Miss Avery. Cass notices the price is a whole dollar. 
	He puckers and then squishes his lips before asking the children, “Do you think Miss Avery is worth a whole dollar?” 
	Becky nods up and down as Rico says, “I think she’ll love it.”
	Cass stands while saying, “Well then, I guess we’ll have to buy it.” 
	Cass pays for the clothing as the children watches the merchant carefully fold each article. Cass lifts Becky up to his side so she can have a better view. The merchant places one nicely folded article neatly into the bag. Cass stops him after he folds Miss Avery’s dress. 
	“Might it be possible to wrap that dress?” 
	The merchant responds, “Normally there’s a five cent charge for special wrapping. Since you bought so much, and you spent so much on the dress, the gift wrapping is free.” 
	The pleasing news places smiles on everyone’s faces. The merchant wraps some pastel tissue paper around the dress, and then some brown shipping paper around that. Becky delightfully stares at him while listening to the thick brown paper as he creases it. He ties a string around the finished product as the merchant watches her eyes follow his nimble fingers. 
	After he finishes, he hands the bag of clothes to Cass, which he in turn hands to Rico. The merchant then hands the brown wrapped package to Cass. The nice man leans under the counter, and returns with two “candy canes.” 
	“I reserve these treats only for very special customers.” 
	He hands them to the children, which cheerfully accept. 
	Cass thanks the merchant for the kind gesture. The merchant just winks, and then smiles. 
	They walk out of the shop just in time to hear the clock tower “bonging” its tenth and final time. 
	“Come on children, there’s someone I like you to meet.” 
	Cass walks towards the market square thinking how he might introduce the children to Mr. Burnito; especially Rico. They enter the bustling square while Cass warns Rico to stay close. Cass thinks this maybe the first time the children have ever ventured the market and been able to enjoy its ambiance. 
	Becky looks and listens intently to all the vendor’s voices sing out their special prices as they try to attract business. 
	Rico hurries to keep pace. As he walks, he leans his head back slightly to smell the multitude of competing smells coming from all the steamy food, fragrant flowers, and aromatic goods. They finish making their way through the shifting crowd of patrons before reaching Mr. Burnito’s kiosk. 
	Becky stares down at the shimmering trinkets while whispering in Cass’ ear, “They’re so beautiful.”  
	He smiles up to her saying, “You’re right honey. It’s a treasure fit for a king.” 
	Rico is timid and remorseful. He tries hiding behind Cass, hoping Mr. Burnito didn’t notice his face yesterday. From behind Cass, he sees the merchant welcome him. 
	“Glad to see you’ve returned. And who are these handsome children with you?” 
	Cass informs Mr. Burnito how special these children really are to him. Little Becky squeezes his neck as she holds on tighter to every complimenting word out of his mouth. 
	Cass says, “And, this is my very pretty Becky.” 
	She kisses Cass' cheek before blushing. 
	Mr. Burnito instructs the group to come around the table to his side. 
	Cass reaches behind and shoves Rico ahead. 
	“And, this is Rico. He is a fine young man whom I have great respect for.” 
	Rico looks up at Cass and begins to cry. The emotional bond in this moment will change Rico’s young life forever. For, he has never felt so proud, or so loved by any man. Cass tries to explain how special he is, but he is interrupted by the honest conscience conflict rising up in him. 	
	“Sir! I am so, so sorry, but I am the one who stole from you yesterday. I will always regret doing that.” 
	Mr. Burnito’s face turns stern, and then it moves up to Cass’ appealing face. Mr. Burnito takes a moment to respond. His gaze 
returns to Rico as he responds, 
	“That is a fine thing you just did. If honest Cass can trust you, I surely will forget it ever happened.” 
	Cass proudly looks down at Rico. He sees a boy turn into a fine young man right before his eye's. He nods down his approval to recognize Rico for his bravery and honesty. The tiny herd then proudly ventures around the table to the merchant's side. 
	Mr. Burnito reaches under the table and retrieves two velvet boxes. He holds them out just as Cass meets him on his side of the table. 
	“Here’s that special present I told you about.” 
	Cass does not like to take anything for free, or for just doing something honest. He stands a second looking into Mr. Burnito’s eyes, dumbfounded as to what to say. 
	Burnito's face turns very serious as he waves his right hand in the air, informing Cass, “I insist; you take these. You will disrespect me by turning my offer down.” 
	Cass respectfully takes the boxes. He hands Rico one to hold on to while he lifts the other up to open it. 
	“You shouldn’t have Mr. Burnito.” 
	Both Becky and Cass marvel at the beautiful shiny silver necklace. He lifts it out of the box as Becky’s tiny fingers slide over the crushed velvet container. Becky seems just as amazed at the soft shimmering box as the glimmer of the silver necklace. 
	Mr. Burnito says, “Open the locket Cass.” 
	He carefully obliges Burnito's request to find the tiny words inscribed inside. They simply say “Love-Cass.” He takes a moment to reflect how much effort Mr. Burnito must have taken to elegantly write these tiny intricate words. 
	He informs Cass, “Oh, the other box says the same thing.”  	
	Cass stands there saying the only thing he can say. 
	“I just don’t know what to say Mr. Burnito.” 
	Cass very carefully places the fine necklace back into the box. 
	Burnito tells him, “A ‘thank you’ would be nice.” 
	Cass replies, “This is way beyond a ‘thank you.’ I know two special women whom will treasure these.” 
	In his mind Cass envisions his second momma, Lucy, proudly trying on this fine present. His mind now dreams of beautiful Brand’s eyes as she opens the box for the first time. 
	“Yes Burnito, I truly do thank you.” 	
	Mr. Burnito asks for the boxes with his waving hand while stating, “In that case, I need to specially wrap your presents.” 
	Cass hands them back, and then looks down at Rico. The boy attempts to place his arm around Cass as everyone watches Mr. Burnito. 
	He pulls out a roll of golden ribbon, and then carefully cross wraps each box before exquisitely tying unique decorative bows on top each box. He then places each one in the exact right size brown cardboard box. Lastly, he places these treasures into a single larger box before stuffing it with pink tissue paper.
	Rico stares at Burnito like he is a world famous magician. 
	He tells Mr. Burnito, “That was like magic.” 
	Mr. Burnito just smiles at the boy. 
	The clock tower sounds again. This time it “bongs” eleven times. 
	Cass tells him, “Sorry Mr. Burnito, but we have to go. We have things to do.” 
	Mr. Burnito hands the box back to Cass. 
	He hands the special box to Rico to carry before telling him, “Hold this very tightly.” 
	Cass bids Mr. Burnito goodbye, but not before telling him, “I’ll be back tomorrow. There’s something I’d like to ask you.” 	
	Mr. Burnito tells Cass, “I’ll be here.” 
	Before they turn away, Cass informs the children, “Tell Mr. Burnito 'good day'.” 
	Both children wave their hands toward the kind man while saying, “Goodbye Mr. Burnito.” 
	They walk off wiggling their way through the crowd once more as Mr. Burnito continues to wave goodbye to them.
	Rico asks, “Where are we going now?” 
	Cass replies, “To meet two special people. One is my Uncle Jared.” 
	All the excitement forces Rico to respond with a very simple, “Oh.” 
	They arrive at Mrs. Guvenossie front door just as the town clock tower “bongs” for the twelfth time. He waits a second for the faint resounding final “bong” to stop before knocking on the wooden door. Cass raps his knuckles several times. The swinging sound of the “peephole” cover lets Cass and the children know the door will be opening soon. Cass smiles as Unks appears in the doorway. 
	Unks asks, “Who do we have here?” 
	Before Cass has a chance to explain, Unks places his hand behind Rico and ushers him inside. 
	“Come on in everyone. We’re about to eat noon supper.” 
	Cass grabs the box from Rico as he “shoos” him towards the dining table. He sets the bag down just inside the front door, and then the box atop the bag. 
	Unks walks towards the dining area as he announces, “We have three more guess for supper.” 
	Mrs. Guvenossie walks out from the kitchen wiping her hands with a “tea towel.” She immediately sees the confusion and excitement on the children's faces. She comes over to Becky, and bends down. 
	She comforts Becky by proclaiming, “Don’t worry honey. Aunty Mable won’t hurt you.” 
	Her warm smile entices Becky to trust her. 	
	Cass tells her, “It’s alright Becky. She’s nice” 
	His confirmation changes Becky’s attitude towards this strange lady. Becky accepts her invitation by reaching out with open arms towards her new Aunty. 
	Mrs. Guvenossie grabs her while stating, “It’s been quite some time since this old house has been graced with the presence of children.” 
	Everyone finds a spot at the dining table, including Becky. 	
	Mrs. Guvenossie says, “You get the special seat Becky. You sit next to me.” 
	Becky sticks one of her nervous fingers in her mouth as Mrs. Guvenossie serves supper. Unks leads us into a quick prayer of thanksgiving before everyone begins eating the steamy stew and the fresh baked bread. 
	During supper, Cass explains all that has happened the last two days. He discreetly emphasizes the dire need this family has beyond what he mentioned at yesterday's evening dinner. Unks and the kids’ new Aunty sincerely sip their stew during all the important details. Mrs. Guvenossie and Unks faces respond with disbelief by shaking their heads side to side, but they don’t interrupt Cass’ one way conversation. After he finishes, Unks wipes his mouth with his lap napkin. 
	Mrs. Guvenossie responds with, “You poor babes.” 
	She slowly leans down towards Becky, and then gently grabs her tiny hands. 
	“We’re just going to have to do something about your situation.” 
	She retrieves one of her hands grasping Becky, and then slides it comfortably along Becky's tiny soft cheek. 
	After noon supper, Cass tells the kids, “We should be going.” 	
	Mrs. Guvenossie returns from the kitchen with a filled paper bag. She says, “I want you to take this with you. I hope you can carry everything.” 
	Cass informs Rico his new job will be to hold his sister’s hand. 	
	“I’ll carry everything else.” 
	Cass takes the brown box off the stack by the front door, and then hurries to place it in his bedroom. He returns to see Mrs. Guvenossie returning upright from her “goodbye” kiss to Becky. Cass’ heart is glad to see she has taken so kindly to the children. Unks grabs his pipe while following them out the front door. 
	He whispers to Cass, “Let’s see if your old Unks can help you.” 	
	Cass waits a second as Unks replies, “You go on now. I’ll talk with you this evening.” 
	He lights his pipe as they move pass the picket fence. Mrs. Guvenossie joins Unks and watches them until they disappear around the corner. 
	She tells Unks, “I put a little something special in the bag.” 	
	Unks tells her, “Oh woman, aren’t you something.” 
	He kisses her cheek, and then turns to walk away. 
	Mrs. Guvenossie asks, “Where are you going?” 
	“I got some special business to attend to, but I’ll be back by dinner time.” 
	She stares at his puff rings following him up the street as he disappears towards town.
	Cass and the children make it to the apartment building in time to hear the third “bong” coming from the clock tower. Rico leads Becky up the stairs as Cass follows carefully just behind. The noise of their steps alert Miss Avery of their return.                                         	She peers out the window and looks down. Seeing Cass’ hands are full, she hurries to open the door and assist them. Miss Avery makes it into the hall just as the children appear in the 
stairway doorway. 
	Cass juggles the clumsy load that is blocking his vision of the remaining step. But, he manages to catch himself right before entering the doorway. Miss Avery looks as if she has taken some time to pretty herself. 
	Cass passes her and says, “Looks like you’re feeling better.” 
	She coughs once, and then tells him, “Thanks, I needed just a little more rest.” 
	They all make it inside the apartment as Rico sings, “WE GOT SOMETHING FOR YOU!” 
	Miss Avery’s face fills with surprise. Not expecting anything, she responds with, “I wonder what that could be?” 
	Cass sets the bags down as Becky quickly snatches the bag from off the top. She rushes to Avery and holds it out. Miss Avery is startled. She expected a small souvenir from their day of adventure. Not a real package. 
	Cass informs her, “It’s from all of us. Everyone helped pick it out.” 
	She begins to weep while saying, “I can’t remember the last time I got a real present.” 
	She pulls the string bow slowly loose, and then carefully removes the brown paper. She delicately removes the pretty wrapping as the excited children wait for her response. 
	Miss Avery stops unwrapping while again replying, “I wonder what it could be?” 	
	Little Becky warns her that she’ll like her present. 
	Cass and Rico make a, “Shhh's” sound, alerting the little darling to be patient. 
	“Maybe I should guess what it is?” 
	She looks at the children’s impatient straining faces as she slowly proceeds unwrapping. 
	“I’ll bet it’s a sweater, or maybe a blouse.” 
	She does not have to remove much of the decorative pink tissue paper to see it is something much more beautiful. She hurries unwrapping her present the rest of the way. She holds the dress up as it unravels. Her jaw drops as she begins to cry. 
	“This is really, really beautiful.” 
	She clutches the dress to her chest, and then stares at the three smiling faces. 
	Swaying Becky asks, “Do you like it?” 
	Miss Avery smiles while shaking her sobbing head side to side, “No honey, I love it.” 
	She jumps to her feet, and then runs to the bathroom to try it on. 
	Cass grabs Mrs. Guvenossie’s bag and places it on the makeshift table. 
	“Let’s see what goodies Mrs. Guvenossie may have packed for you. Rico, why don’t you and your sister try on some of your new clothes while I look through this bag.”  
	The children hurry through their bag to retrieve their clothes before dressing themselves. 
	Cass removes a small box from the top of Mrs. Guvenossie’s bag and sees two loaves of fresh baked bread, a cherry pie, a folded cardboard container of warm stew, and seven jars of preserved fruits and vegetables. He sets the small box down. He lifts the rest of the supplies out of the bag, and then sets them over on the kitchen counter. 
	He says, “It looks like your cupboard is filling up.” 
	He returns to see the children finish dressing. 
	Cass places his hands on his sides’ while telling the children, “Don’t you two look spiffy.” 
	The small box on the table catches Cass’ eye. He grabs it, shakes it, and then asks, “I wonder what this could be?” 
	Curiosity attracts the better part of the children. They nestle next to the kneeling Cass. He unfolds the cardboard flaps to see several bottles of various kinds of spices inside. He notices between the small bottles a white envelope. Cass digs his fingers in-between the bottles and squeezes the parchment between two of his fingers before yanking it out. 
	On it are the words “May God bless you as he has me.” 
	Just as Cass is about to open the envelope, Miss Avery returns, displaying her new dress. All eyes shift from the envelope towards the twirling Miss Avery. 
	The children yell, “You look beautiful,” but it seems she is more interested in Cass’ response. 
	She continues to spin and spin. His lack of concern forces her to abruptly stop. 
	Teasing Cass tells her, “The children are right Avery. You do look very, very beautiful!” 
	She again twirls, but with her head flung back and with her delighted arms spread out. Cass’ eyes return to the envelope. He realizes this gift was meant for Miss Avery to open. 
	Cass tells Avery, “I have one more present for you.” 
	She stops and pleasingly runs to Cass, like a ballerina skipping across stage. 
	“Here, this is from a new friend you have not yet met.” 
	Surprise fills her face as she slowly peels open the envelope. Her legs give way beneath her, as she views the contents of the envelope. Cass catches her collapsing body as she places her hand over her excited mouth. At a loss for words, she shoves the open envelope to Cass. He suddenly realizes there is money inside. Flipping his thumb across the top of the currency, he counts fifty five dollars total. He tells Avery the amount, which causes her to weep. She leaps against Cass, and then hugs him. The confused children show their support and join the hugging huddle. They seem unsure to what is happening, but they are committed to showing their emotional support. 
	Becky begins to cry which alerts Miss Avery. 
	She swipes her tiny head and whispers to Becky, “I’m crying because I’m so happy. Big people do that some times.” 
	Becky’s anguish slowly turns into elation to see Miss Avery is really happy. Her little arms hug even tighter as she begins giggling. 
	Cass knows what this fortune is worth to this family. He thinks how much sacrifice this is costing Mrs. Guvenossie. 
	He tilts his head slightly backward, and then speaks softly skyward, “What a wonderful lady my Unks has picked for a friend. Thank you Lord.”
	Cass hears the distant sound of the clock tower. He counts the “bongs” that finish at five. 
	“I got to go everyone.” 
	Cass’ sudden announcement startles the group. 
	“I really got to go. Unks and Mrs. Guvenossie are expecting me.” 
	They all give Cass one tighter hug before releasing him; all except Becky. She refuses to let go of him. Amazingly, tiny Becky clings to his shirt under her own strength as Cass stands up. 
	Her little voice cries out, “I won’t let you go!” 
	Cass has to actually use some of his strength to pry her away. 	
	He holds her up in front of his face and tells her, “No matter where I go, or where I am, you will always be in my heart. We’ll never really be apart.” 
	He pulls her in as they hug once more. 
	He whispers, “So, will you let me go for now? I’ll be back tomorrow. I promise.” 
	Cass looks over at Miss Avery as she pulls Rico into her side. Her head leans over top Rico, as her hand returns to her crying mouth. 	
	“You really, really are a good man Casanova.” 
	He sets Becky down, and then kneels down to kiss her. 
	“Ok poppa. I’ll let you go.” 
	Cass' heart forces him to say those words so hard for sailors. But, in this instance it becomes a pleasure. 
	“I love you too.” 
	Cass exits as the family watches. 
	“Till tomorrow then. And, if Miss Avery...” 
	He is interrupted by her as she states, “Ava, call me Ava!” 	Cass continues down the steps, and with his conversation.
	“If Miss AVA is up to it, maybe we can go sightseeing and shopping. You can wear you nice clothes!” 
	She looks at the children to see what their response will be. Both their faces fill with jubilation and anticipation. 
	“Can we, oh can we?” 
	She rubs their heads and yells to Cass as he rounds the building, “We’ll be ready bright and early. Bye dear.” 
	He smiles, waves, and then disappears. 
	Two ladies pass the framework of the buildings as they pass by Cass. They look up to see the source of the tall man's loud conversation. His strong voice finishes echoing between the buildings as they notice the smiling Miss Avery. 
	She politely tells them, “Good evening ladies.” 
	She turns with the children, causing her new dress to swirl. 
	The ladies return their evening salutation; along with a compliment on her beautiful dress. 
	Her eyes hold back her proud tears as she very slowly, and with much dignity, leads the group back inside. This feeling is one she’s never experienced before. She will have many sweet dreams this night. 
	Miss Avery anxiously wakes early the next morning to prepare for Cass’ arrival. She quietly steps over the sleeping Rico bundled on the floor, and then proceeds to the staircase balcony. She sees the stars in a different light this morning. She smiles while stretching out the remaining sleepiness from her well rested body. Somehow she feels a little more beautiful this morning, and much healthier. 
	Bracing her arms on the railing, she watches the last of the night's starry horizon turn slowly indigo blue. Her mind entertains an elegant dream. She delightfully dances in the strong arms of twirling white suited sailor. She closes her eyes while embracing herself. She wishes this thought would never end. But, the cool morning chill causes her to shiver, alerting her to the approaching footsteps coming from the cobblestone down below. 
	Suddenly, she becomes aware of whom this tall dark whistling silhouette is. 
	She whispers down, “Morning sailor.” 
	He starts up the steps, as she dashes off to get something to wrap around her worn nightgown. She returns wearing a shabby blanket as her night robe. She waits on the balcony as Cass climbs the final steps. 	
	“I brought some fresh brewed coffee.” 
	Miss Avery immediately makes a “Shhh” sound. 
	“The children are still sleeping.” 
	She smiles at his handsome face that reacts to her motherly command. 
	“Sorry,” he whispers back. 
	She tenderly hugs his arm and tells him, “That’s alright Cass. Want to share the sunrise with me?” 
	He turns towards the sunrise, and then sets two cups on the railing. 
	As he quietly twists the thermos knob open, he replies, “That’s what sailors do.” 
	As he pours the steamy brew, he requests, “I want to know all about you Ava.” 
	This is not a subject she is comfortable discussing. He looks into her eyes as if he already knows what's in her heart and soul. She has no defense against his serious stare or quirky charming smile. 	
	Ava reluctantly explains how she arrived at this point in time. He learns her life has been one filled with pain and regret, but not with her decision to help these children. Cass just patiently listens. He pours them a second cup, as she continues to pour-out her heart. He sees a burden lifting with every word she confesses out of her mouth. He sips and stares as she exposes the last of her ugly past. She finishes by hanging her condemned head down, waiting for Cass’ righteous judgmental reaction. 
	Rather, Cass slowly wraps his arm around her while staring at the rainbow of rays on the horizon. 
	He leans his head close to her ear, and then whispers, “You’re more beautiful than this sunrise Ava.”
	All Cass notices is the slow bouncing of her remorseful body as she quietly releases the sorrow crying from her soul. 
	She leans into him while replying, “You’re quite a man Cass.” 	He continues to hold her as they share the warmth of the sunrise, and this eternal moment.
	The morning shadows steadily race across the side of the opposing building; much like a ballerina pirouetting from place to place. The revealing light changes each poetic shadow by turning them into the ugly reality of this place. 
	Cass slowly releases his arm from around Ava while telling her, “Today is a new day.” 
	She ponders these words as she sips the last of her coffee. 
	Cass turns to go inside, but leaves her with these words, “You’re one special woman. Only a beautiful heart can do what you have for this family. You are the one who is truly amazing.” 
	He walks away hearing her crackling voice, “You make me more than I am Cass.”
	As he opens the door he sees the children beginning to rise. 	
	“Come on guys, we have something special to do today.” 
	Little Becky leaps up, and then stumbles her way over to him. 	
	He reaches down to grab her while telling her, “Good morning little princes.” 
	She rubs her eyes as he lifts her up to his side. 
	Rico struggles to stand while telling Cass about his wonderful dream. It was about all of them living together in a nice house. Cass was about to take him fishing right before he woke up. 
	Ava walks in as Cass tickles Rico awake. 
	Cass states, “Come on buddy, we’re going to visit with my Uncle Jared. He has something special planned for us.” 
	Ava offers to take Becky with her outstretched arms while asking Cass, “What do you mean by your Uncle Jared having something special planned?” 
	Cass hands Becky to Ava while explaining what Unks told him. 
	“It seems he rounded up the crew and told them about your situation. He told me to fetch you and meet him at this address at 9 am.” 
	Cass pulls out a piece of paper containing the directions and address. 
	“Do you think you can find this Ava?” 
	He hands it to her. She briefly studies the instruction on it. 	“Yes, I know exactly where this is.” 
	Cass moves to the kitchen while stating, “How about if I make the kids some breakfast while you get ready.” 
	Excitement fills everyone’s faces. Ava instructs the children to hurry and get dressed. Cass grabs the milk bottle from the window sill as Ava helps the children decide on what they’ll wear. Afterward, she frantically dashes off with her dress in hand while brushing her hair. 
	She yells, “I’ll be ready in fifteen minutes. Obey Cass children!”  
	Cass humorously stares at her momentarily before setting the  bakery box with the remaining pastries on top the makeshift dining table. 
	“Eat children. We have a big day ahead.”
	Ava’s true to her word. She returns minutes later to see Cass 
combing Rico’s hair. They all watch Ava finish brushing her hair. 	
	She asks, “Is everyone ready?” 
	She sees Becky’s messy hair, and jelly on her face from the pastry. Ava quickly attends to her as Cass informs Rico how handsome he looks. 
	Cass declares, “It’s time to go!” 
	Every smiling face is full of anticipation of what this surprise might be.
	As they make their way up the street, Ava tells Cass about 
the directions on the paper. 
	“This address is on the other side of town. I had a friend that lived there who I’d visit as a child. It’s a very nice section of town.” 
	Cass tells Ava, “You lead and we’ll follow.” 
	They arrive at the address just as the distant clock tower “bongs” for the ninth time. Ava sees the quaint school across the street from this tiny, but very cute cottage. 
	They enter through the white picket gate as Rico asks, “Who lives here?” 
	Cass tells him, “I guess we’ll find out in a minute.” 
	Cass knocks on the door several times just to hear the echoing sound of what sounds like an empty house. Rico runs over to the front French bay window to peek inside. He strains to look through the dainty laced curtains just to arrive at the same conclusion they all expected. 
	“It’s empty Cass! I only see a fireplace and an oval rug.” 
	It seems Becky and Ava are just as anxious to see inside. Cass holds Becky up to peer through the porthole window on the front door. She shares the view with the competing curious Ava. 
	Cass asks, “What do you see ladies?” 
	Ava responds, “Beautiful hardwood floors in the hallway leading towards a backdoor. There is definitely no one living here.” 	
	She turns her head and looks very confusingly at Cass. 
	“Why would your Uncle send us to an empty house?” 
	Cass just shrugs his shoulders.
	Clamoring voices march up the street as Cass ventures to see what all the commotion is coming in this direction. He stares down the street as a smile gradually appears on his face. 
	“Come here guys,” he tells Ava and the children. 
	Cass yells to the approaching man and lady leading the precession of furniture toting sailors. 
	“‘Good morning’ Unks and Mrs. Guvenossie, and ‘good morning’ to you fellows!”  
	He pulls the family over to his side to view the parade forthcoming. 	
	Ava confusingly asks, “What’s going on?”  
	Cass has an idea, but he does not want to spoil the surprise. 	
	Instead, he whispers, “Patience is a virtue.” 
	Cass guides the bewildered Ava and children away from the path leading up to the cottage. 
	Unks states, “Morning laddies. Mrs. Guvenossie decided she’d talk to a few friends about the present situation. I told the crew to muster up some of their hard earned savings and give it to a good cause.” 
	Unks places his pipe in his mouth as Mrs. Guvenossie places her arm through the hole between Unks bent arm resting on his hip. He leads her up the stone path while puffing rings into the fresh morning air. 
	The crew passes by the family who are still trying to figure out what is going on. Unks unlocks the front door and instructs the crew to enter by pointing his arm inside. 
	The couple stands aside as Unks waves his pipe holding hand, “This way, gentlemen.” 
	Ava asks Cass, “Do we know the persons moving in?” 
	Cass just smiles towards each passing team while greeting each and every crew member with their assigned nicknames. 
	Ava tugs Cass’ arm demanding some information. 
	Cass tells her, “Alright! It’s you silly.” 
	Ava’s face swells up with instant tears. As she falls to her knees, Cass catches her. He pulls her up amidst her overwhelming weeping. The children are spontaneously overwhelmed with joyous emotions. 
	Rico grabs his sister’s tiny hand while telling her, “This is our wonderful new home. Let’s go explore around the cottage.” 
	Ava angrily cries, “We can’t afford this place. Its way too expensive. You're just setting the children up for a big disappointment!” 
	Cass clutches Ava, as Unks leads Mrs. Guvenossie back towards Cass. 
	Unks tells Ava, “We won’t have none of that young lady. God knows you’re a good woman Miss Avery. He knows what you’ve been through and done for these kids. We’re trying to help you.” 
	His words comfort her, but she still realizes her financial inability. 
	Mrs. Guvenossie rubs Ava’s hunched back while saying, “Dear.” 
	She bends her head in position to look Ava in her eyes before speaking again. 
	“We don’t want to impose on you. I heard Cass say you lost your job. Well, I’m good friends with Mr. Papleon. I think you may have heard of the ‘Port of Sea’ restaurant?” 
	Mrs. Guvenossie nods her head up and down waiting for Ava to acknowledge her request. 
	Ava cries, “That is the most exclusive restaurant in all Lisbon.” 	
	Mrs. Guvenossie continues, “It seems he is in need of a new waitress that he can train to take over the head maître d'  position. The pay is fair, but the tips are excellent.” 
	Ava asks, “What are you saying?” 
	Mrs. Guvenossie firmly replies, “You can start as soon as you feel well enough.” 
	Ava leaps away from Cass to wrap her arms around Mrs. Guvenossie, and continues crying in her embrace, “How can I ever, ever repay you?” 
	Mrs. Guvenossie whispers, “You just did.”
	The children race back to Ava while screaming, “You got to see this place. There’s a swing and a sandbox out back next to a large stack of firewood.” 
	They each grab one of Ava’s Arms’ and begin pulling on her to come join them. She continues to cry, but these tears are joyous. Ava turns her head to see if Cass might come along. 
	He waves them on and tells Ava, “I’ll join you in a minute.” 	
	Ava then stops the children, bends down, and then asks, “Who wants to skip?” 
	She stands up, and then proceeds to skip along with the children around the side of the house. 
	Cass, Unks, and Mrs. Guvenossie stand there watching them frolicking while hearing them sing, “This is our new home,” over and over.
	Wrong Way Wong and Cowboy Dan struggle to fit the bed through the front door. Cass, Unks, and Mrs. Guvenossie stare at them after Dan lets a curse word slip out of his mouth. 
	Instantly, he realizes where he is, and proclaims, “Sorry madam. It won’t happen again.” 
	Wong continues to pull the bed inward from inside the cottage, as Dan angrily pushes. He abruptly mumbles something. 
	“Hurry up Wong. This is our last day in port. I have a pretty girl I got to kiss before we leave.” 
	Dan again realizes his conversation was not appropriate. 
	He turns his head while tipping his cap towards Mrs. Guvenossie, and then repeats, “I’m sorry. It won’t happen again.” 
	Mrs. Guvenossie nods her head, and then shakes her scolding finger at Dan while following him into the cottage. 
	Unks softly speaks to Cass, “That lady is something. She gave the landlord enough for three months rent. She then had to bribe Mr. Papleon with her grandmother’s secret recipe for her 'cod fish, potato and onion casserole.' He’s been after her for it for years.” 
	Cass reverently stares at Unks as he realizes her sacrifice. 
	Unks continues by saying, “That was for the waitress position. The maître d' position cost her grandmother’s secret 'Arroz Doce’ rice pudding recipe to boot.” 
	Cass and Unks venture up the path, meeting the returning Mrs. Guvenossie. 
	Cass asks her, “Can I hug you?” 
	She smiles her pudgy smile as Cass maneuvers his arms around her. He then lifts her round body gently up to his kiss of thanksgiving. 	
	He sets her down gently while telling her, “You are one very, very special lady.”  
	Ava, Cass, and the children spend the rest of the day putting things away in their new home. Ava is elated, placing everything in its just appropriate place. Cass helps by setting things he retrieved from the old apartment into the cute wooden kitchen cupboard. Ava continues in the living room as Cass carries in a load of firewood.  
	Ava comments, “I just cannot believe how beautiful this cottage is. There's even a nice school house for the children close by.” 
	Cass sets some of the wood into the tinder box near the living room fireplace. 
	He mentions, “It looks like the children have made some new friends.” 
	Ava runs to the kitchen to look out the window. She sees a little girl with a dolly talking with Becky while sitting on the edge of the sandbox. Rico has two new friends waiting for him to let them have a turn on the swing. Ava covers her mouth to contain her wonderful emotion. 
	Cass says, “Mrs. Guvenossie told me to tell you not to be a stranger. She expects you to let her know how you and the children are doing.” 
	Ava says, “Believe me, I will. The first thing we’re doing after we’re situated is to invite her over for supper. I want her to come every Sunday for supper to show her how much we really appreciative all she’s done for us. She’s part of our family now.” 
	Cass hears the town clock tower “bong” five times. He realizes he has to get ready to leave. The “Virgin Queen” is due to pull out at seven tonight, and he has to be there by six to start his duties. 
	He listens to the whistle blowing on the tea kettle as Ava asks, “Would you like a cup dear?” 
	Cass remains silent as he listens to Rico explain to Becky the rules regarding his room. 
	Cass replies, “Yes, I’ll have a cup.” 
	He sits in the cottage's bay window waiting for Ava while enjoying the warmth coming from the fireplace and this home. 
	Ava enters as she juggles the tray from the tea set Mrs. Guvenossie gave her. He looks somberly into her eyes, knowing there are things he must still tell Ava. Her face realizes Cass’ apprehension; which turns serious too. Ava sets the tray next to Cass, and then proceeds to pour a cup. 
	“I just want to thank you Casanova, 'ship’s mate' second class. I don’t know why you and all your friends would help us lowly people the way you have. But, I do know something.” 
	She hands Cass his cup as he eagerly waits to hear. 
	“In my heart I know you love another woman.” 
	Cass is stunned by her revelation. She looks in his eyes and gently combs his wavy hair with her fingers. 
	“Women just know these things.” 
	She stops, and then lifts his chin up to meet her bent over face. 	“I will always have a place in my heart for you dear. If ever you decided she is not the right woman, I’ll be here waiting kind sir.” Cass warmly smiles as she smiles back. 
	“Children, come here. Cass is getting ready to leave.” 
	Becky’s tiny feet race along the wooden floor to meet him. She leaps into his lap causing him to juggle his teacup. Ava swipes the back of Becky’s head as she begins to cry. 
	“Honey, Cass is a sailor. He lives on the sea.” 
	Cass remains silent while wrapping his arm around her little warm body. 
	Becky cries, “I don’t want you to go poppa! We will move back to the old house if it makes you happy. Please don’t go.” 
	Cass’ heart breaks knowing he has only a few minutes to gather his things and go meet Unks. 
	Ava asks, “Do you want Cass to be happy?” 
	Becky continues crying as she nervously states, “Yyyes.” 
	Cass hugs the little darling, and then kisses the top of her head. 
	Ava looks at Cass before proclaiming, “He’ll be back one day.” 
	Cass whispers, “That you can count on. A sailor is only as good as his word.” 
	He looks at Ava, confirming his sincere intention. 
	Rico shuffles his feet towards the group; slowly pacing with his hands behind his back. He looks like a boy going to the “hangman’s galley.” He drudges towards Cass with his head hung over, facing down towards the floor. He places his hands in his trouser’s pockets as he stands in front of Cass with his loss for words. 	
	Cass places his other arm slowly around him, and then draws Rico in. 
	“I’ll write you from every exotic port. I’ll send you postcards with pictures of the places I visit. Won’t that be exciting?” 
	This news seems to relax the children's dire disposition. 
	Cass swishes Rico’s hair like he’s done so many times before. This time Rico is slower to show any affectionate reaction. He remains somber. 
	Cass stands up while holding the children in his embrace. He tells them these words that will follow them all their days.
	”We’re family now.” 
	Rico looks up to Cass and immediately buries his crying head into Cass’ belly. 
	He squeezes Cass as hard as he can while muffling out, “I will always look up to you. I know what a real man looks like now.” 
	Cass’ eyes glaze over, but he refuse to weep in front of his new family. He knows he must be strong for them. 
	Ava, on the other hand, loses her composure that she’s been trying so hard to maintain. 
	She attempts to pry both the children away while stating, “Come on children, Cass has to leave.” 
	The children and Miss Avery continue to cry as she successfully maneuvers them aside in her embrace. 
	Cass kisses each of the children on their head before kissing Ava’s cheek. His affection causes her to weep tears over her sad but grateful smile. He grabs his jacket, and then turns towards the front door as he remembers something. 	
	“Oh, Mrs. Guvenossie paid three months rent. And, here is a little present to tide you over.” 
	He pulls out an envelope from his jacket pocket, and then hands it to Ava. 
	“I’m not sure how much is in here, but Unks warned the crew their donation better not be cheap.” 
	Ava peels the envelope lid back to peek at over a hundred dollars. 
	She weeps some more as she says, “You make sure to tell them: God bless you all!”
	Cass moves outside the front door while replying, “I promise I will. I got your address written down. I’ll also have them send you a postcard now and then.” 
	He waves to Rico to come follow him. 
	As they reach the picket gate, Cass tells him, “I have a proposition to offer you.” 
	He stops and looks into Rico’s eyes. 
	“I was able to talk to Mr. Burnito last night and ask him if he might need an assistant to learn the jewelry business; and maybe someone to help with theft protection. He told me only if that person was experienced, well-shall we say, in retrieving stolen objects.” 
	Rico smiles at Cass, and again hugs the big man. 
	“I’ll take that as a yes. You start tomorrow. He said he’d pay you three dollars a week.” 
	Rico cries once more. 
	“Now then; you’re the man of the house. I expect good things from you. You take care of them like I know you will.” 
	Rico shakes his affirmation up and down, rubbing his tears into Cass’ shirt. 
	“I will Cass, I promise.” 
	Cass pulls him away, and then begins to whistle. His tune perks Rico up enough to regain his composure. Cass passes the gate and proceeds down the sidewalk; all the while whistling his 
sailor’s tune. He briefly looks over his shoulder to see Rico still standing there watching him. 
	Rico stands motionless wearing a stern red face. Cass continues on while slowly raising his waving hand to the laddie. 
	Cass’ whistle follows him round the street corner as he hears the faint words, “I will Cass. I will!”






CHAPTER 8: panic over the atlantic


Cass looks towards the distant dock as the “Virgin Queen” steams out of Lisbon’s harbor. He sees what looks like three persons standing on dock, but it just may be the silhouette of stacked cargo. Out of curiosity, he waves to the departing darkened figures. As he does, he hears one of crew call out to him. 
	“We need you up forward Cass!” 
	As he turns, he looks one more time on shore. This time the three tiered shadow is waving. He thinks maybe it’s just a breeze blowing a jacket left on top some containers. But, he decides to think it is Ava and the children. In his heart he knows it is. He walks forward towards the bulkhead of the ship where the crew is putting the finishing touches on strapping down the cargo. He turns his head one last time towards the dock to see their black silhouettes dance in front of a beautiful red sunset. He quietly repeats the old adage Unks taught him years before. 
	“Red sky at night is a sailor’s delight,” and then whispers, “I’ll be back. I promise.”  
	The “Virgin Queen” is stacked to the tilt with fresh supplies bound for Massachusetts, New York, and then Philadelphia. Cass has visited these ports before, but the ship has never been so loaded down with supplies. The ship’s buoyancy line is just under the mild surf of the sea. There are whispers aboard that the greedy captain is risking more than just the cargo. 
	Tensions stay high as they travel the Atlantic’s deeper water. The crew keeps their eyes’ on the morning and evening horizons for signs to what might lay ahead. They know rough water would endanger the “Virgin Queen,” while a storm would definitely drown this fine old lady. Only time will tell who wins this bet. The Cap has wagered their lives he is right. 
	Blue skies remain on their side the first three days out to sea. Stymie the Stutter checks one more day off the “mess galley’s” calendar. There are seven more days circled to the right of the one he just placed an “X” on. That’s how long it will take to finish crossing this mischievous Atlantic, known by all sailors as the Great Lady. 
	The crew turns their gazing back to their evening supper. There’s not much laughter tonight. Normally it permeates the “mess galley,” and is a way of staying off tension that comes from a hard day’s work. But, not even one hilarious insult occurs between the men. 
	Frenchy worries some of the crew with his comment. His bad knee from the war gives him problems right before bad weather. It seems it is beginning to flare up. 
	Stymie hears Frenchy's warning as he makes his way in, while carrying and stirring his large pot. 
	His face fills with concern as Wrong Way replies, “Frenchy is just kidding.” 
	No one wants our cook upset; especially one that seems born nervous. The rest of the crew confirms Wong’s finding. They force Frenchy to change his mind after seeing the apprehension on Stymie’s face. 
	Frenchy immediately proclaims, “Well, it’s been wrong once before.” 
	Cass asks Stymie what he is planning on making in his pot. 	
	“I’m stirring batter for a pineapple upside down cake.” 
	All the crew begins to superstitiously stare at one another; as if his bowl contains an omen to their fate. 
	Wong pans across their faces, seeing they are full of fear. He begins to laugh. In his broken English, sprinkled with a pinch of his oriental dialect, he lectures them. 
	“You all silly. You think Stymie know you fate. Or maybe, his bowl knows.” 
	Wong pushes himself up from the table as his face turns serious. He turns around and begins to laugh again. All hands have given Wrong Way their undivided attention, and now wait for his reason they shouldn’t be afraid. He walks away while staring at each of their faces. 
	“No one knows my fate, especially a stutterer.” 
	Cass takes his parting insult to heart with vengeance in his eyes. 
	Wong notices, and then turns towards Stymie before leaving the “mess galley.” 
	He humbly states, “No offense I intend to you Mr. Stymie.” 	
	The last thing the crew hears from him is Wong’s parting “goodnight fellows,” and his laughter echoing through the empty metal hallway. 
	Most of the crew decides not to wait for desert. They take their conversation with them as all agree to follow Wong’s advice. Some laughter follows them as they joke about their previous recollection. Unks thinks otherwise, as he remains behind holding on to Cass’ arm. 	
	“Stay a moment with your dear Unks.” 
	Cass returns to his seat opposite his uncle. 
	Unks directs his words quietly towards Cass’ ears, so as not to alarm Stymie. 
	“I’ve sailed these water’s all my life. But, something is different this time. I just want you to know something. If anything should happen, I want you to worry about yourself. I’ve lived the life I’ve always wanted, and I want you to do the same. If, and that’s if anything should happen, I want you to save yourself.” 
	Cass knows Unks is more serious than he’s ever been. 
	He returns Unks concern by replying, “Yes Unks.” 
	Jared tightly grabs Cass’ hand, and then very firmly clenches it. The slight pain administered shocks Cass into submission. 
	Unks says,. “I’ve never been more serious laddie. Promise me you will do what I say, or I won’t let go.” 
	Cass tries to explain that he could never leave him to die, but Unks stops him from talking. 
	He twist Cass’ wrist and says, “I’ll ring this right off you. Promise me!” 
	Cass never has lied in his life, but he reluctantly obliges Unks. 	With his mouth he states, “Yes sir, I will.” 
	But, in his heart he knows he’s become a liar. 
	Unks states, “Good then. Let’s get some sleep.” 
	Unks and Cass bid the baking Stymie “goodnight” before leaving the “mess galley.” 
	Stymie hurries to the hall and sees their backsides departing. 	
	“Well, I guess we’ll have the cake tomorrow for supper. 'Goodnight' fellows.” 
	Cass stops Unks right before entering the “living quarters.” 	
	“I’m going topside for a might bit.” 
	Unks looks into Cass’ eyes, seeing he needs some time to digest what he’s demanded of him. 	
	“You go on laddie. You go right on ahead.” 
	Cass stares over the “stern” side railing at all the stars on the distant horizon. He thinks not only about Unks promise, but about the family depending on him returning one day. The serenity of this night’s sky promises him that Unks is worrying about nothing. But, a cool breeze briskly reminds him autumn is just over the horizon. This cold slap in his face helps him remember this is the time of year the sea will lie to you. This is the time when the most violent storms arise out of nowhere. 
	Cass prays a silent prayer, “God, keep us safe. Please keep us all safe.” 
	Four more sunny days of warm wind blows over the deck of the “Virgin Queen.” Four more tense nights filled with ravenous red sunsets. The men have noticed the unusually calm seas have not been rocking them to sleep. 
	The crew whispers, “It is an eerie thing for such a large body of water to be so silent and smooth for so long.” 
	The morning brings mixed emotions. Cass awakens before sunrise to fetch the first cup of coffee. After bidding Stymie “good morning,” he heads top-deck to check the horizon. Frenchy passes him as Cass makes his way “starboard.” 
	“Where are you going Cass?” 
	Cass tells him, “To glimpse the first light of day.” 
	Frenchy asks if he’s heard the latest news from the Cap. Cass slides his slurping face left and right denying this knowledge, while trying not to spill any of the hot elixir. 
	Frenchy walks backwards while explaining, “Cap said the smooth sea has put us almost a day closer to shore. We should be at Boston tomorrow afternoon.”  
	Cass pulls the hot mug from his mouth to tell Frenchy thanks for the welcomed news, but in his hurry he swishes hot coffee over the sides, and on to his shirt. 
	“Hot, hot, hot,” are the only words he can think to say in its place. 
	Cass stares at the dark blue sunrise as it gradually turns blood red. Every sailor knows the saying, “red sky in the morning; sailor take warning.” But, the news from Frenchy and the calmness of the glassy sea suggests the Great Lady is not lying this time. Cass enjoys the rest of his coffee while dismissing the sailor’s saying as just a myth. He reminds himself there’s only one more day till shore. What could possibly happen this close to land? He watches this red sunrise like an artist stares at masterpiece. For, this would be a work of art he’d never  forget.
	The afternoon winds pick up. A clear blue sky fills with ominous dark clouds. The once smooth sea now bounces the “Virgin Queen” up, revealing the red buoyancy line running around ship, and then slams it down four feet under the base of the waves. Each toss throws water over the “bow” and “top-deck.” Each wave over the “bow” adds extra weight to the already heavy ship. The cargo hull doors remain open to hold all the excess cargo. The bilge pumps are running full out, battling to keep pace exporting the incoming water. The situation worsens as the night approaches.
	What once was just a storm has turned into a full fledged demon. The weight of the “Virgin Queen,” with its added abundant cargo, is the only reason the ship has not capsized. Gravity is pulling the weight of the ship down, counteracting the “Nor'easter's” gale force winds trying to tip the “Virgin” over. Most of the crew are below deck tying and retying the cargo that constantly keeps breaking away from its mooring. They hurry to keep it centered in the hull. Every loose container is a potential torpedo waiting to pierce the hull of the ship. Uneven distribution of the cargo also makes the ship unsteady to steer. Those less fortune remain top-deck to stable the cargo on deck.
	A rushing wind screams through the top-deck’s bulkhead hatch as orders are shouted to the crew below. 
	“Cap says we’re taking on too much water! We need to get rid of some of the cargo before he loses control of the steering all together!” 
	Each of the crew frantically jostles into position to untie the closes section of the cargo’s mooring. One of the men top-deck yells through the space between the part open cargo hull doors, 
	“Hurry up fellows, the waves are getting worse!” 
	Just as the crew frees the mooring straps, a huge wave hits the ship. It slowly leans the ship twenty degrees “portside,” forcing the “Virgin Queen” to grind her metal. The screeching sound of the hull’s metal plates bites each of their rivets fighting to stay securely in place. A few lose their battle and explode like bullets. High pressure streams shootout their holes. The torturing fountains increase, and then dribble, as the hull rocks up and away from each humungous passing wave. The crew tries timing their assault to freeing the cargo, but the Great Lady has become angry and erratic in her fury.
	Cass runs topside to help toss the loose containers overboard. Unks stays below deck to help keep the unbound stacks of cargo centered in the belly of the ship. The wind shrieks louder and louder down the cargo hatch as each loosened container is jerked from the stack protruding through the opening in the cargo hull doors. Three of the crew top-side frantically grab at the cargo hull doors and hold on to them for dear life. The “Virgin Queen” slowly dips as a sudden wave submerges the “bow” and forces a dozen barrels of “salt cod fish” to float off the stack. Cass watches them benevolently float by, and then ram their way into the ship’s railing before shattering overboard. He sees the rest of the top-side crew panic after their heads reappear above the cold briny sea. Each of them reaches for anything that may float with one arm, and anything solidly attached to the ship with their other. Fearless Cass though will have none of that. 
	Cass forms a lifeline with his outstretched arm. 
	“Grab it Frenchy!” he commands. 
	Frenchy lets go of a wooden crate before he lunges towards Cass’ open hand. Another wave dunks the “bow” and the heads of the men. 
	Cass pulls Frenchy through the dark water, as he clenches his fingers with his other hand on the cargo hull door. The tossing ship violently throws the remaining wave over the deck revealing the fearful face of Frenchy. Cass sees all the men’s dire faces as a “spider web” of lightning bolts crackle through the night sky. Cass firmly holds on while commanding Frenchy to reach for the floating Cowboy’s hand. Another wave, and another on top it, pounds over them. Cass uses all his strength to pull the submerged men towards him against the drowning current. Another lightning bolt shows Cass what to do next.
	The “bow” begins to pop up as the current of water rushes overboard. Cass frees his hand from the cargo door long enough to lift the floating body of Cowboy over the hatch to ride the current, sucking him below deck. Cass regains his grip on the cargo hull door as the “bow” rushes above the water. He sees the face of a man who has just looked into the face of death. Frenchy’s hand now shakes nervously in Cass’ grip. 
	To relieve his anxiety while waiting for the next big wave, Cass yells, “I think the last wave sole a month’s pay from the greedy Cap.” 
	Immediately, another wave and another lightning bolt crash over them. Cass opens his mouth to show Frenchy his smiling clenched teeth. He frees his hand to lift Frenchy into the current flowing through the cargo hull doors. Frenchy rides the tide below deck as he smiles back at Cass. 
	The next wave removes the last of the containers protruding above deck. They break free and float “starboard.” One decides to smash into Cass’ hand, reminding him who is really in charge of the sea. But, Cass does not let go of the cargo hull door.  
	The water and the containers rush overboard as the frantic “bow” reaches up for a fresh breath of air. Cass fights his way to his feet, and then races between the opening in the cargo hull doors. There are two bars at the top, and at each end of the doorway, keeping the hull doors locked open. He grabs one bar just as the next wave smashes over. Cass swings both his legs across the strong downward sucking current, and then kicks free the bar. Cass settles his legs on top the stack of cargo below deck. The “bow” once more leaps up just as Cass jumps up to snatch the remaining bar causing this watery prison. He dives flat onto the top of the stack just as the Great Lady slams the unsecured cargo hull doors shut.
	 Cass'exhausted body rolls down the current of the waterfall, splashing into the pool of the half flooded bay. Unks, along with several crew members, race to lift large Cass out of the water. The rest brace the rocking sides of the cargo from falling onto them all. This group is not strong enough to help the big man to his feet. They return to shoring up the cargo containers as Unks just cradles Cass’ head above the slowly retreating water. 
	Unks tells his nephew, “Laddie, you’re a darn fool.” 
	Cass’ glazed eyes can only stare into Unks worried stare. 
	He hugs Cass, and then whispers, “You cheated death boy. Thank God.”
	The rocking ship tilts thirty to forty degrees side to side. The men “portside” begin screaming as the stack splits down its unrestrained middle, spilling over them. Wooden debris from the broken containers washes around the waist deep pool. The roaming crates are making it impossible to help the trapped men. 	
	Wrong Way Wong yells down from atop the remaining stack, “They is drowning! Help! The men is drowning!” 
	Wong slides down the stack towards the “portside”, and then begins to shove at the boxes. The rather large Professor strains both his arms to brace the remaining side of the stack from falling onto Unks, and the reviving Cass. 
	Unks sees the urgency to help. He pulls Cass against the ship’s hull, and then leans Cass up and out of the rising water. Unks crawls between the Professor and the stack to help relieve the weight that’s fighting to crush him. 
	Wong’s scream slaps Cass awake! 
	Unks looks down at his nephew as anger fills Cass' face. It’s as if Cass is forcing every one of his muscles to come abruptly to attention. 
	He leaps into the stack and mightily shoves straight two tons of crates. 
	He growls out, “Go help the men! I got this!”
	Both the amazed Unks and Professor hurry off, sloshing their way around the stack. They see only Frenchy and Wong battling to slide the crates off the drowning men. 
	Unks looks at the wondering Professor as both their minds conclude together, “The rest of the men are under the water!” 
	Four men tear at the cargo to get to the five or six fighting to stay alive. Never have men moved so fast or furiously as these four. For, these were their family members drowning.
	As the ship steady’s momentarily upright, Cass finishes securing his side of the cargo’s mooring. He grabs a lose strap and latches it onto the top strap. He grabs the other end and tugs the load towards the “portside” before going to help the four. He holds the entire weight of the remaining cargo with one arm that is trying to tip over. With his other hand, he punches through the pile of crates, and then begins yanking each one away. The crates crash behind Cass as they smash into the side of the hull. 
	He growls out, “Blast you Poseidon!” 
	Over and over Cass brutally punches each crate, and then viciously yanks each one off his drowned crew family. 
	“Curse you Great Lady!”
	His superhuman strength tosses the two hundred pound contains; like they are little more than the weight of a loaf of bread. 	The amazed four also gain strength beyond their ability. Each struggle, but are able to pull aside a crate all by them self. But, it is the sheer unflinching determination of Cass that allows them to reach the  men below.
	Cass jerks away a crate allowing one man to float free. He swipes the crate aside, flinging it into the hull. He retains hold of the strap as the ship tilts. He quickly grabs the drowned man, using the ship’s rocking motion to hoist him from the water. Unks drags the unconscious man to the stairs, as Cass rips another crate away- freeing another trapped man. 
	The Professor is able to grasp one more body and pull him away. Wong, Frenchy, and Unks continue dragging these lifeless bodies towards the stairway. Unks returns for another body as Wong and Frenchy render life giving “first aide.” 
	Cass yanks the last trapped man out of the water while maintaining his awesome grip on the straining strap. 
	The Professor pushes his floating corpse towards Unks, and then returns to Cass’ side. 
	The weight of the fallen container’s has strained the bulkhead to the point of leaking. Bubbles percolate up from under the ship's
waterline, showing the pair where it is entering in. 
	The Professor searches under the water for another mooring strap as the water level slowly rises. He finds it and is able to secure one end of it to the stack. Both Cass’ arms strain to hold the tilting cargo as the Professor searches for the next mooring strap. Cass’ expanded biceps look like they’re ready to explode. Each swollen muscle pumps with umbearable pain. The Professor leaps up and snaps the hook onto the top cargo strap. He returns to reaching below water, searching out the last hidden strap. Every vain in Cass’ arms pulsate, but he refuses to let go. 
	The Professor finds it, and then shouts, “I got it!”  
	The stretching straps hold beyond their load capacity as the “Virgin Queen” tilts “starboard.” The Straps begin screaming out the sound a plucking violinist might make. The Professor frantically latches the last strap as the ship straightens. The ship leans once more. This time the straps stretch taunt, but are silent. 
	Cass immediately drops his arms in utter exhaustion. The Professor pats his back, and then passes by him to help the rest of the crew. Cass leans against the secured rocking stack while panting. He turns his head towards the rest of the crew, watching to see if any drowned men came to. 
	Cowboy has been revived back from the dead. Cass is only able to stare at Cowboy for a moment before his exhausted body and weary mind rocks into a daze. He sees the blur of two other obscured men sitting further away. Cass also notices the faint figures of Unks, Wong, Frenchy, and the Professor as they continue to revive the men.
	Cass slowly approaches them through the deepening water. Knowing the impending danger, Cass orders them to get out of the sinking cargo hull. 
	Tired figures begin climbing the steps, pulling their exhausted body's up by the railing. The Professor leads the last of the men up the steps. He carries the shoulders of what looks like a dead man, while Unks carries his legs. Cass assists his exhausted uncle by pushing Unks up from below. 
	The gale wind and the sea lashes at the line of men hurrying across the deck. 
	Cass yells through the wind, “Get them to the 'mess galley,' and then send back the “coma long” with 30 feet of heavy chain.” 
	Cass slams the bulkhead door, and then locks it shut. He’s sure this action will upset Unks. Cass has sentenced himself to death unless the equipment returns in time, and he is able to stop the leak. At the very least, Cass’ effort has bought the crew some more time. Locking the bulkhead causes a vacuum, which slows the leak in the hull and postpones the ship from sinking. 
	What seems like an eternity, Cass finally hears the sound of metal “banging” and “clanging” on the bulkhead door. Cass opens it part way to peer out. Unks is holding the “coma long” and dragging the heavy metal chain. Unks tries forcing his way past Cass who is fighting him every inch of the way. 
	“I’m coming in!” 
	Cass tries pushing him out the door, but Unks fights him off by smacking him with the chain. Unks falls down the steps as the chain “clangs” down with him. Cass locks the door, and then leaps down to help Unks out of the water. 
	Cass yells at him, “You old stubborn fool!” 
	He drags Unks up and angrily stares in his eyes. Unks stares him down with his own menacing stare. 
	Both continue staring as Unks states, “Are we going to do this?” 
	Cass turns his attention back towards stopping the leak. Unks leads the way, waddling off through the waist deep water. Cass notices the blood oozing from the slash in Unks arm. He realizes Unks must have gotten it from falling. Cass’ concern shifts to stopping Unks bleeding, but Unks will have none of that. 
	Both fight off the waves churning in the belly of the ship. Cass carries the “coma long” along with his end of the chain. 
	He yells, “Hook the chain on that hull beam!” 
	Unks obliges his command as Cass moves to the other side of the cargo bay. Cass hooks the “coma long” onto the opposing beam of the hull, and then lengthens the “coma long” cable. Cass grabs and then pulls the hook on the chain, trying to make both ends meet. Unks continues to hold his end of the chain onto the beam while Cass begins to crank the lever on the “coma long.” 
	Unks yells across, “Stymie told me the Cap has increased power to forward bilges.” 
	Both men know this will help drain the hull’s water if they can stop the leak. Cass finishes cranking all the excess slack, and then begins stretching the hull back towards the ship’s center. The “coma long” cable stretches out a deafening high pitch sound under the pressure of Cass’ forceful cranks. One of the links in the chain snaps into place after prying itself out of its jammed position. Cass has to wait for the loud reverberating chain to settle. 
	He yells to Unks, “I sure hope this thing doesn’t break!” 	
	“Aye laddie,” Unks earnestly replies. 
	Cass continues cranking as the hull slowly creeks back in place. The cranking handle heats and bends, but Cass continues to squeeze it with his mighty hand. 
	Unks looks down, and then yells, “Stop Cass! The water level is beginning to drop.” 
	Cass hurries and scoops some cold water over the “coma long” to cool it, and prevent it from bending further. 
	Unks just drops his tired arms, and then sits exhausted in the receding water. 
	The ship still takes turn leaning side to side, but the rocking seems to be settling down. 
	Cass hurries to help Unks while yelling out, “I think we’re past the worse of the storm!” 
	Unks tired eyes begin to close as he replies, “Aye laddie, aye.” 
	Cass carries his unconscious uncle to his bunk. He strips his wet clothes off, and then lays him on his bed. After warmly covering him with four wool blankets, he sloshes his soaked shoes 
toward the “mess galley” to find out how the rest of the crew fared. He stops at the “galley” entrance to watch all the worn men. They are either sleeping on the “galley’s” tables, or sipping hot mugs with blankets wrapped around them. 
	Stymie the Stutterer comes out of the “galley’s” kitchen carrying a pot by one of its handle, and using a ladle hooked through the pot’s other handle. 
	Stymie whispers, “Hot, hot, hot,” as he totes the clumsy pot along. He spills some of its steamy contents along his journey. 
	Cass counts the number of men, and finds the crew are all accounted for. What seems more amazing is they all seem to be alive. 	
	His heart compels him to pronounce loudly, “Thank you God!”






CHAPTER 9: Romance Begins


Days pass as the crew heals. Cap delivers what’s left of his cargo up the Eastern Seaboard, as the crew spends their days telling stories of heroism. There are whispers from some of the dissatisfied crew members how they plan to relieve the captain of his command. This sunny day seems to dim their demand, as the “Virgin Queen” rides upon calmer waters. 
	Cass, on the other hand, is thankful to be alive. He spends his time enjoying the scenic colonial coastline, bustling with passing ships. The next few days, he turns his wondrous gaze toward the passing miles of salty marshes littered with pelicans, cranes, and swooping storks. This also gives his crate crushed hand time to mend.
	It’s the first of September as the “Virgin Queen” navigates the narrow channels to the “Port of Norris” in “New Jersey.” The fresh scent of the salty sea is left in the “Delaware Bay” as it is gradually replaced with the marshy smell of the channel. Its late morning as the ship moors to the dock. The last hot days of summer bake the marsh into a most unsavory mud cake. The only things liking the stench and drenching heat are the gurgling crabs coming out of their muddy caves to dance above the murky water. 
	The church bells “ring” twelve bells as Miss Lucy is greeted by the Cap. The men helping to carry her two large heavy trunks hurdle over the downed branches left by the fast moving hurricane. Her rather large traveling attire suggests she’ll be with Cap awhile. 
	Some of the men on ship greet her from afar with their affectionate compliments and adoring whistles. She proudly crosses the gangplank wearing her colorful feathered plumes that sway across her robust chest with each bounce of the plank. 
	“Hello boys. Thought you saw the last of me,” she politely proclaims. 
	She brings her witty humor aboard as each crew member rushes to greet her. The men respectfully bow before her, as they announce over their competing voices how happy they are to see Lucy. Each battle to get closes to her, without actually touching her. That space is reserved for only one person-the Cap. 
	He stands just behind her, warning the crew with his smiling clenched teeth, not to get too close. Miss Lucy defies this procedure by her attempt to “cheek kiss” each of the crew. The partially revealed Cap lifts his upper lip to show his forced pleasure in this matter. The crew fearfully honors her gracious offer, but keeps one eye on the reluctant Cap. 
	The crowd parts in front of Miss Lucy to reveal the ecstatic Cass. He has no regard for Cap’s unwritten protocol. He lifts large Lucy, and then twirls her around in his huge embracing hug. 
	“I really missed you second momma!” 
	She savors his captivating arms and words. 
	As he sets her down she whispers, “How’s my big boy been?” 	
	The crew humorously snickers, but Cass is not embarrassed in the least. Cass raises his hand to his head alerting them of his incoming thought.
	“Oh, I have a present for you. I forgot to bring it, but I’ll give it to you later.” 
	Her face fills with excitement and her heart with motherly love to know he’d care so much. But, her attention immediately turns towards his injured hand as she proclaims, 
	“You come with me! I want to take a look at that hand.” 
	As they walk across top-deck she asks, “Who fixed you up?” 	
	She tries to unravel the dirty bandage while she scornfully looks over her shoulder at the rest of the crew. She stares at them while waiting for Cass’ response. 
	“Stymie.” 
	With a grim face she broadcast, “He’s the cook!” 
	She ogles with her irritated face at the crew warning them, “I’ll have a talk with him later!” 
	The top-deck is silent after the couple descends below deck. They know it’s just them and the Cap now. He breaks the monotony by ordering, “Back to work!”
	This evening, Cass invites Miss Lucy “portside” to share the beautiful rainbow colored sunset. 
	He tells her, “Closes your eyes, I have a big surprise.” 
	She humbly obeys as he retrieves the box in his rear pocket with his fumbling hand. 
	“Keep em closed momma.” 
	He gently slides the necklace over her head. 
	“You can open them now.” 
	Her face strains to look down, as her cautious hand gently lifts the dainty locket. 
	“It’s made from the finest silver north of Spain. If you open the locket, you’ll find a surprise inside.” 
	It sparkles in the last of the evening light as she opens the tiny treasure. She can barely read the petite inscription, so Cass helps. 
	“It just says ‘Love, Cass’.” 
	Her eyes fill with tears. 
	“It’s beautiful son.” 
	Her comment causes him to lift and twirl her around. His school boy enthusiasm overtakes Miss Lucy. 
	She holds the chain as her twirling body erupts with a, “Weee!” 
	Cass sets the dizzy Lucy down after her fourth spin. Both jubilant hearts lean on the “portside” railing to relax. They watch  the Sun dunk below the horizon while the first star of the evening twinkles. 
	In their moment of meditation, Cass asks, “Do you believe in fate?” 
	Lucy senses there is more to this conversation than just fate. 	
	She wisely asks, “Do you think that’s what saved you during the storm?” 
	He shrugs his shoulders. 
	“I’ll tell you what I do know. One day we will all step into eternity. When you get there, ask Him.” 
	This is not the answer he was looking for. His face turns sad. She shuffles close to him, and then wraps her arm through his. 	
	She states, “I believe in wishes. I also believe in prayers being answered.” 	
	Cass releases a puff of his breath. 
	Lucy knows this is also not the answer he seeks. She pulls him tight, and then leans her head against his arm. 
	“I do believe in ‘love at first sight’.” 
	Cass immediately begins to smile. 
	“I heard about your heroic effort in French Polynesia. Your Uncle Jared told me about that girl you briefly met.” 
	Cass’ shy face turns down towards the passing water. 
	She confirms her belief by giddily whispering, “That's how I met Captain Ron Dedmen.” 
	Cass slowly turns his head towards her face. 
	She shakes her smiling face with fast short strokes up and down while proclaiming, “I’ll tell you about it sometime.” 
	He forms his boyish smile once again that’s being influenced by her confirming revelation. 
	She smiles and says, “I believe that was the answer you were searching for.” 
	Humorously delighted, he replies, “I’m happy to know what our Cap’s full name is. All these years I thought it might be Rumpelstiltskin.” 
	Laughing Cass turns and tickles her. 
	After a minute of frolic, they both return their eyes to the last act of the evening sunset. There’s a sort of magic in the air tonight. The appearing stars seem to be twinkling a little brighter than usual, but not as bright as the twinkle in Cass’ eyes. 
	Two days later, the “Virgin Queen” steams through the Great Panama Canal. Unks watches Cass attend to his mundane duties, scrubbing the top-deck while completely ignoring this marvelous man-made wonder. 
	“Laddie, think you can take a break from what you’re doing?” 	
	Unks sees his approaching nephew concentrating on the thoughts in his head rather than on the path he is taking. Cass kicks over his pale of water. He slips as he tries to step over the puddle. Unks just smiles childishly at his mishap. 
	Unks states, “The Cap said anyone wanting to go on shore and meet the ‘Virgin Queen’ at the last lock of the canal is welcome to leave ship.” 
	Cass swipes off the legs of his trousers that water accidentally splashed on. 
	“I’m fine Unks. I think I’ll just stay on board and clean deck.”  
	Unks knows both of them need some fresh air, and a change of scenery. It’s been two weeks since they’ve been off ship. 
	“Come, help your Unks pick some souvenirs out, and we’ll get some lunch along the way.” 
	Cass seems reluctant, but Unks reminds him of his need to send Miss Avery a postcard. 
	“She and the kids are probably worried about you after that storm.” 
	The pair spends the next few hours walking the canal while exploring several gift shops along the way. Unks was right. The walk and talk relieves some of Cass’ pent-up emotions. They buy several postcards and send them away before re-boarding the “Virgin Queen.” 	
	Cass thinks Rico will love the picture of the canal on the front of the card. Unks thinks Mrs. Guvenossie might get angry at his card. It has a picture of a pretty smiling senorita introducing the great canal with her slim extended arm and tempting open hand. 
	Unks says, “I sure hope she doesn’t think she is my new girlfriend.” 
	The next week, Unks keeps Cass’ mind occupied with sailor stories and humorous revealing childhood memories of momma. Unks refers over and over to her as his sweet sister. They both grow closer each passing mile that brings them nearer Nuku Hiva. Cass’ last day before the French port seemingly drags on for forever.
	The Cap sounds the whistle as the ship approaches port. 
	The command, “At the ready!” is given. 
	Every sailor stands in position to toss and receive the ship’s mooring ropes. The “Virgin Queen” slowly stops as the ropes are tossed to the dock-hands. 
	Cass hurries to tighten the slack in his rope, just as the ship’s “wheelhouse” bell “rings.” He knows the Cap is preparing the final instructions before releasing the crew on shore leave. Cass darts towards “mid-deck” in time to see the Cap light his pipe on the “wheelhouse’s” balcony. A ring of smoke lifts skyward as Miss Lucy appears at the Cap’s side. She looks down to find Cass, and then fondles her new necklace. She knows how special this trip is for her adopted son. She stares at his joyous face filled with anticipation as she kisses the locket. Cass nods his head in recognition. 
	All the commotion suddenly settles as the crew comes to attention. The quiet deck loudly echoes with the Cap’s instructions. 	“You will have three days in port, including today. I expect you to be civil sailors.” 
	He continues with his list of “do’s” and “don't’s” before releasing the men. 
	“My final command is: stay out of trouble. You’re released!” 	
	The mad shuffle to get ready is on. 
	Unks and Cass stand aside to let the rushing crew pass below deck. Cass listens to their parting laughter, caused by friendly insulting gestures. Each one proclaims how many pretty girls they’ll be dining and dancing with by the night’s end. Unks respectively tips his cap as the last sailor passes by. He thinks this is a good time to give his nephew some private advice. 
	He signals Cass to follow him over to the “portside” railing. After leaning on the rail, Unks removes the new cap Mrs. Guvenossie gave him as a parting present. 
	He scratches his head while saying, “You’ve grown too quick laddie. That kind of scares me.” 
	This compassionate comment confuses Cass. 
	“What I mean is, you’ve grown into a 'man’s man.' You’re the kind of man women adore, and the type of man we all strive to be.” 	Cass smiles while hanging down his embarrassed red face. 	
	“What I really mean is; I don’t want to lose you. But, I know you’ll be leaving one day soon.” 	
	Cass states, “I’m not leaving you.” 
	Unks somberly says, “When a man finishes growing tall, he grows outward to find his own path in life.” 
	This prophetic proclamation saddens both men. 
	“I know if your sweet momma were here she’d be awfully proud of the man you've become. I just want you to know, no matter how far the water maybe between us, you’ll always be in my heart.” 	
	This bombardment of sentimental remarks uncomfortably overpowers the mighty Cass. Unks notices him fighting back tears. Cass turns his head away to a more defensible position. Unks pats his back before leaving him to his emotions state. 
	“Go have a good time. And, kiss her once for me.” 
	Unks last comment brings a smile to Cass’ face. He stands alone reflecting on Unks words, while hiding Unks high regards in the corner of his heart dedicated to special memories. Cass feels he’s a little taller than he was just a minute ago.  
	He listens to the last of the men's voices drifting slowly away towards town. He stands on deck tucking his shirt in while now hearing only the brushing sounds of the swaying palm trees. A warm summer evening breeze brings him a hideous thought. 
	“Is it possible Brandy might have forgotten all about me?” 
	His mind warns him it’s been two years. He leans on the ship’s railing, debating if he should hold on to her wonderful memory, or risk the pain of embarrassment, or even rejection. The possible loss of another woman in his life is an unbearable thought. His logic insults him with the notion he dreamed this whole romance up. Time and distance may have led his longing heart on an imaginary adventure. The weight of these heavy thoughts forces his weary head down towards the ship’s wavy reflection dancing between the passing crests of orange ribbons. What looked to be a celebration has become a sudden nightmare. He briefly stares onshore to see the village lights appearing. He looks a little higher to see they match the number of dreamy stars above the purple horizon. He lowers his head and stares once again into the calming water. 
	The imminent darkness dims the flicker of hope his heart was fanning just moments ago. Cass turns sadly away from the railing with his sulking breaking heart. His heavy steps shuffle across the metal deck back towards the stairs leading below. This is the second darkest moment in his young life. 
	Off in the distance, he hears the sweet song of a nightingale. He fights the urge of this mysterious music luring him back up the stairwell. The hard part of him warns him to proceed downward. But, the wondrous music begs his adventurous part “come listen.” His hesitation is his undoing. He becomes addicted to this melody of fate.
	Once again, Cass returns to the “portside” railing. There is only one thing occupying his mind at this moment. He closes his eyes to absorb this soothing song settling his heart. The magic drifts up and away with the shrinking song of the nightingale. Once more, Cass is left all alone in the dark. He turns slowly away and gazes above at the stars. 
	He whispers to them, “Oh, the power you have over innocent hearts. Your twinkle has no power over me.” 
	The unusual brushing sound of the palm branches alerts his ears on this very quiet night. 
	A silhouette whispers between the moonlit shadows of the palm trees, “Casanova, is that you on board?” 
	Cass instantly freezes. He cautiously turns, praying his ears are not playing tricks on him, or that a siren imitating Brandy’s voice is tempting his sanity. He stares at the swaying silhouette as it draws near the Tiki torches lining the dock. Cass sees a bright pair of piercing eyes penetrate that dark part of his soul. Again, her voice craves his spirit. 
	“I heard you’ve come back Cass.” 
	He stands and shakes in the darkness as his racing heart pounds out his tears of adulation. 
	The dark feminine figure utters, “I’ve been waiting for you.” 	
	He hurries to rub the wetness covering his cheeks, and prays the darkness hides his unmanly eruption of ecstatic emotion. He returns to the railing to see the apparition drawing curves in the sand with her right foot. She looks up towards him, revealing the light the moon has painted over her beautiful face. But, Cass only notices the brightness coming from her mysterious hypnotic eyes. 
	Her soothing voice sings once more, “Are you coming down, or should I come up?” 
	Cass fumbles to tuck his lose shirt in while stumbling towards the gangplank. 
	He nervously stutters, “Wait! I’m coming down Brandy!”  
	She smiles as he races to meet her. 
	Cass trips on the gangplank. 
	She attempts to hide her laughter as he bounces upon it several times. 
	“Don’t rush sailor. I’ll wait for you.” 
	As he regains his composure Brandy thinks, “I have, and I always will wait for you.” 
	Cass tries to control his emotions as he slowly nears her. He dedicates one of his hands to re-combing his hair, and the other to re-tucking his shirt. Brandy hides his embarrassment as her face concentrates on the shoe continuing to draw curves in the sand. 
	Cass’ eyes are instantly captivated by other curves that flow through her blowing dress. He stands in front of her waiting to see her eyes once more. 
	She slowly looks up over his tall muscular stature. Her captivating smile turns humbly awestruck. She tingles at the sight of his mighty appearance, but her melting romantic heart quickly extinguishes any flame of fear. No words are exchanged; just the silence that comes from the mutual desire of adoration. 
	His eyes burn into her soul, as her eyes become entranced upon his infectiously handsome face. Time races, or does it stand still? Neither knows. This is the one second both would trade their very lives for. This is that one minute they’d revisit at the cost of an eternity in Hell. For, they feel this surely is the Heaven they’ve only dreamed of. 
	Brandy quietly tells him, “My father told me your ship was coming in port.” 
	Cass’ smile comes to attention, as his face becomes reverent. 
	“I went to every restaurant to see if you were there. But, I could not find you.” 
	Cass’ apologizing hands tenderly grip her fingers. His imposing gesture gently shocks her through with his electrifying touch of titillation. 
	With a nervous voice she smiles and says, “I searched and searched, but there was no Cass to be found anywhere.” 
	Cass rubs the backs of her hands with his soothing thumbs. 
	She continues, “I was worried something happened to you. That’s when I came to the ship to find you.” 
	Every doubt Cass experienced moments earlier are exuberantly exchanged for the desires of his heart. Brandy guides him along his heavenly cloud into her delicious welcome home kiss. He throbs under the spell she’s placed on him. Her control comes from her unexpected show of affection. 
	Enjoying her pretentious power, she states, “That was for finding you.” 
	She leans up and slowly presses her lips once more. 
	“And, that one was for finding me.”  
	Brandy leads her moonlit sailor through the adventure of this most exotic night. It begins in the romantic setting of the finest port restaurant. Brandy begins the conversation as Cass stares into her big baby blue eyes. He absorbs every mystifying morsel of her life through the flicker of the candle flames. She savors Cass’ adventures as she politely devours every delicious detail of his life. Hours pass; that feel like minutes. 
	The waiter quietly reminds them that they’ll be closing shortly, and then ask, “Might you like some desert?” 
	The unwelcome interruption forces Brandy to glance at her sparkling jeweled wristwatch. Cass notices the dancing colors of its gems shimmer on the tablecloth. 	
	“I see he’s right. It’s nearly one in the morning.” 
	Her confirmation upsets Cass’ hungry heart. Sadness overtakes him with the thought this night could possibly end. 
	Brandy asks, “Check please.” 
	She looks around and sees they’re the last ones still here. 	
	“Where has the time gone?” 
	Cass reaches in his pockets while wondering if he’ll have enough to pay for what must be a very expensive dinner. Brandy notices the concern on his face. 
	She places her hand on top the one balancing him on the table while softly saying, “I won’t have any of that.” 
	Her words remind him of something he would normally say. He smiles as she smiles. She places her shiny purse on the table and unclasps it. 
	As she reaches inside, she asks, “You know the night doesn’t have to be over?” 
	Brandy gazes seductively at him and states, “Hey big boy, want to go dancing?” 
	Cass faces a dilemma. He desperately desires to scream yes, but he is ignorant in the knowledge and skill to perform such a feat. He is left dumbfounded on how he should respond to her request. 
	Her mental power to detect what he might be thinking leads her to asks, “I’m a great teacher. That’s if you trust me to teach you?” 
	His changing anguish leads him to gladly asks, “You’d teach me?” 
	Brandy slowly smiles, revealing all of her pearl white teeth. She clasps her shiny purse closed, and then nods her head quickly up and down several times. The surprised Cass is excitedly whisked away by the guiding hand of the beautiful lady with a purpose. 
	Cass quickly learns the basic steps as they twirl under a canopy of stars. Sailors clear the dance floor as Cass constantly forgets anyone is even around. 
	Brandy loves his antics, and hearing him slowly reveal his desires. She is surprised by his ability to learn so quickly, and how easily he trusts her with his heart. 
	They spend the remaining hours dancing and talking. By night’s end, Cass has become better than just a student. He’s moved from the basic footwork of the “waltz,” and experienced the excitement of the “Latin Tango.” Cass could not have asked for a more perfect teacher than the enthusiastic Brandy. From all he’s learned this night, holding her in his arms has been his greatest accomplishment. 
	The approaching dawn bids them one last dance. She wraps her arms around him as they both try and hold back the hands of time. Brandy feels her romantic soul bond with his heartbeat pounding in her ear that’s presses tightly against his chest. 
	The proprietor interrupts this endless moment with, “We’re closing!” 
	This long slow dance ends much too soon. 
	They return to the dock and share the sunrise. Cass wraps his arm around Brandy as they sit on its edge, slowly swinging their legs over the passing water. The cool colors gradually turn warmer as the pink sun starts to peek above the horizon. No words are spoken. There are just the sounds of distant gulls mixed with the soothing splashes kissing the shoreline. An unimaginable peace envelopes them as they enjoy the most wondrous sunrise imaginable. Though neither is tired, or eager to leave, the risen Sun and the waking village suggest otherwise. 
	One of the “Virgin Queen's” crew members sees the pair locked in their romantic embrace. He whistles his sexist whistle, alerting Cass their private time is at an end. 
	Cass turns and looks at beautiful Brandy. 
	He whispers, “You know, your eyes could steal a sailor from the sea.” 
	She smiles while slowly swiping his hair away from his eyes. She stretches her mouth to his lips, and then slowly presses them against his. Her heart desperately wants to believe his words, but she knows she barely knows him. The couple slowly rises as the rising sunlight reveals both of their beauty. 
	Brandy compliments his advice. “I guess only time will tell.”  
	Cass hugs her while saying, “I have one more day.”  
	Brandy whispers, “Maybe we can meet for dinner? Say, around six.” 
	Cass lets go of her hands and replies, “How about if I treat you tonight?”  
	She smiles and agrees, “Six it is then. I’ll meet you here.” 
	Cass remains reluctant to leave her. He stands fast watching her dress slide side to side as she strolls away. Brandy carries her “high heel” shoes that bounce off her slim wiggling hips as she crosses the beach. She peeks over her shoulder to see if he’s left yet. But, Cass’ eyes seem to desire so much more. She smiles as she proceeds around the corner; intentionally wiggling her hips a little more. 	          
	His anticipation mixed with the unusually quietness of the ship cause him to toss and turn. Cass sleeps only a few hours. He wakes and spends the remaining hours preparing for this evening’s encounter. Afterward, he spends the remaining time pacing the ship’s top-deck. He thinks of the time he’ll have, of the things he might say, the sailor’s stories he could tell, and the things his heart wants to share. Each thought is tempered by the notion he’ll be back at sea in two days. 
	The rest of his pacing wrestles with the unfair idea of how this might hurt Brandy. His logic thrust another dagger deep into him. He’s married to the sea. She deserves a better man. She deserves a man that can treat her like a queen. A man that can give her the desires of her heart, and a man that will be there for her. 
	He asks himself, “Can I possibly be that man?” 
	His mind races for all possible solutions to fix these problems. But alas, there are none. He is only left with one solution. It is to distance himself, to protect her heart. 
	He watches the turning colors of the late day sky, knowing there’s a coming change in the season. He ponders how he couldn’t wait to see her the last two years. How he’s fallen so deeply in love with this stranger. And, how crazy this all seems. But, the worse of it is the terrible thought of having to be no more than just friends. His heart’s in torment thinking of how to hide his true affection towards her. He cannot allow her to fall any deeper than she has for him. He knows this is the right thing to do.
	The warm September sunset paints the dock shades of crimson. His eyes are drawn down to his distorted reflection in his shiny black shoes. The approaching sounds of heels begin “tapping” on the wooden dock, alerting him to look up. Her stunning dress is only outdone by her gorgeous smiling face. She walks towards him girlishly with her hands clasped behind. She stares into his distant eyes as she methodically extends each long legs while she steps. 
	She asks, “Do you remember this dress?” 
	A vision returns to him of that day two years ago. 
	Softly Cass says, “Yes. How could I ever forget?” 
	He casually ventures across the gangplank to meet her.
	She extends her inviting arms towards the serene Cass. He raises his arms, and then gently grabs her arms' from underneath. She smiles a moment as he politely smiles back. She senses something is different in his embrace. Touching her causes his heart to throb, his desires to ignite, and his passion to explode. But, he tightly wraps another chain around his heavy heart and chokes it. He’d rather die a thousand deaths than to do what he must tonight. To face the loss of another love is the most excruciating pain no one should ever have to bear.
	He turns away while sliding his long rough arms along her smooth soft skin. 
	As their hands meet, he caresses them, and then says, “Come with me.” 	
	Cass walks towards the ship’s gangplank, tenderly pulling her along. 
	Brandy asks, “I thought you were taking me to dinner?” 
	Cass stops half way up the crossways and states, “But I am.”  	
	He proceeds while listening to her heels rhythmically tapping the song of castanets. He turns around on top-deck as his arm draws her onto ship. The scent of her perfume reaches Cass a second before she kisses him. She feels his chest slowly expand into hers as he whiffs her essence. 
	She asks, “Do you like it?” 
	He replies, “Its sweet, like you.” 
	They leisurely stroll pass the “living quarters” as he explains each section of the ship. Cass suddenly remembers something. 
	He tells her, “Wait here a second. I have to get something.” 
	She comments as he rummages through his footlocker, “Is this the area you sleep in?” 
	Cass finds his present. 
	He slides the tiny box into his pocket, and then says, “No. This is where we live and sleep.” 
	Her face looks surprised to learn that so many men could live in such a small area. Cass holds her hand, and then leads her towards the “mess galley.”
	Right before entering he announces, “I promised you dinner. Well, here it is.” 
	In the center of the “galley” is one table different from the other three. The others shine with their polished cold steel reflection. The one in the middle is covered with a maroon table cloth, a set of brass domes, silverware for two, and one warm burning candle. Cass looks to her for her approval. 
	The mildly surprised Brandy states, “Sailor, you sure know how to treat a lady.” 
	Cass helps her to her seat before lifting the brass dome covering her fine China plate. She sniffs the steam percolating up as Cass sits across from her. 
	Brandy remarks, “This looks and smells wonderful!”    
	Cass entertains her with his adventures during dinner. 
	Brandy comments that her steak is unbelievably tender and tasty. 
	Cass informs her how his buddy Stymie prepared this evening’s celebration as his present to us. For desert, he left the pair his infamous pineapple upside down cake. 
	She remarks, “This is also wonderful. You sure your cook is not some world famous chef?” 	
	The hiding Stymie overhears hears her wonderful compliment from his crouched position under the kitchen counter. His plan is to remain close in case they might need anything. But, her ranting causes Stymie to giggle while falling secretly in love with her. Brandy hears the faint laughter. But, Cass goes unaware of his presence. 
	Brandy laughs, worries, and even cries a little as Cass recounts his escapades. Brandy tries to go beyond his sailing days, but the pain of his childhood memory won’t let him. Not even the result of several glasses of fine wine will loosen his lips. Rather, they discuss those things they like, and continue their evening conversation with those things they don’t. Brandy explains how her rich heritage brought her here as a child. This is the only place she has ever known as home. The conversation slows as she exhausts her memory. 
	Stymie slides a record onto the phonograph he also hid under the counter with him. Soft romantic music magically permeates the dim lit “galley.” Cass’ face fills with intrigue on how this could be happening, but Brandy interrupts his thoughts. 
	“Would you care to dance?” 
	Cass dismisses his curiosity by honoring her outstretched hand. They spend several hours slowly twirling in the vacant area between the tables. Each time the music ends, it miraculously begins all over again. Cass laughs as the needle scratches the album, and as the music mysteriously repeats once more. 
	Brandy giggles, “Thank you hidden guardian angel for watching over us.” 
	Stymie covers his smile to stop his blabbering mouth after saying, “Your welc...”
	Early in the morning their night ends. Stymie begins snoring as the music stops. 
	The couple move topside to share the stars. Cass keeps her warmly wrapped in his embrace. Not much is said. Just brief mentions of what they dream of for their lives. It is much more about this moment than the impossible obstacles that lay ahead. Brandy inadvertently yawns; due to the relaxing security of his strong comfortable embrace. His chivalry forces him to suggest she 
retire. So she has no option but to accept. 
	Cass holds her one last minute as he lowers the sparkling present from Lisbon around her neck. The starlight shows the little treasure dangling from the bottom of the finely woven chain. She lifts it before her eyes and sees the locket. 
	Cass whispers, “It holds a tiny message, but don’t open it till I leave tomorrow. Promise me?” 
	She places it in the palm of her hand, and then closes her hand around it. She clutches it tightly while pressing her fist against her chest. 
	Her eyes turn back toward the stars as she softly says, “Thanks sailor. I promise.” 
	She hides her true affection for the tiny object. She feels her heart tearing apart, because it knows he is leaving tomorrow. 
	As Brandy leaves ship, she suggests they spend this afternoon exploring the many small shops the village has to offer. 
	She asks, “About two o’clock?”  
	Cass replies, “Sure.” 
	Sadly he watches her lovely shaking silhouette disappear into the last part of the dark night. Cass never stops looking at her until she’s long gone. She never lets go of her locket all her way home.
	The afternoon comes as Brandy waits for him. She sits at the quaint café at the edge of town wondering where he could be. The endless minutes turn into hours as she waits for him. She watches the returning crew as they pass by, conversing about their escapades. Her wristwatch informs her it is 4:30 pm. Hope is fleeting in her sinking heart, but she still waits for him. The veiled brim of her hat cast checkered shadows over her pretty flowered dress. But, each flower wilts in the heat of the passing afternoon light. She hears the distance sound of a ship blowing its horn and the churning of the water. Brandy waits alone with her hidden tears. Yet, she waits for him. She will always wait for him.






CHAPTER 10: a heavy heart


It is autumn in the year of our Lord nineteen hundred and thirty. Cass has been to many ports in these many years. He has visited Miss Avery a dozen times, and seen the family grow and flourish. 
	Rico has become the kind of young man Cass imagines his son would become. He is honest as the day is long. 
	Becky has started school and still calls Cass poppa. He never forgets to bring them exotic presents when he comes to visit. But, it is his amazing adventurous stories they most look forward to. 
	Miss Avery has been promoted several times in her position at the restaurant. She is never late to work, and has even inspired new business. She's suggested to the proprietor some new ideas. Cass, it seems, has influenced her imagination. The establishment’s ambiance has changed. It is divided into different section of the world, each having a flavor of the adventures Cass has tasted. The “Port of Sea” has lured people from around the world to try Lisbon’s new exotic dishes. 
	For entertainment, Miss Avery has offered a free meal to any sailor wishing to share one of their adventure’s on stage before they dine. This has become the most favorite savory desert in all Lisbon. It also has enticed sailors from around the world to come share their golden treasures that’s rewarded with applause and a free dinner. 
	Rico even helps clean tables when he’s not working with Mr. Burnito, or when he’s not attending school. He would work for free to hear the sailor stories. They bring him closer to the man in his heart that travels the sea. Miss Avery understands why that man would leave her to explore the seas. She’d give him the world, but he already owns it. 
	Cass has visited Miss Margret Frensheta quite a few times. His reputation it seems has caused young ladies to buy all of her romantic adventure books. His daunting handsome presence forces these young hearts to have Cass sign their book; even though he has never authored one book in his life. Yet, they still drool when he is in their presence. 
	Margret now owns several quaint shops, thanks to the adventurous Cass. Each shop is so packed with customers, it’s hard to bend over and retrieve a possible book from the lower shelves without bumping into a patron. She’s hired new talent to run most of her shops. But, it also allows her to give undivided attention to Cass when he occasionally comes to town. She holds a secret. She would gladly trade all her new found fortune and fame for the remote possibility of being more than a dear friend to Cass. But alas, there remains room for just one lady in his heart. Margret makes sure he is always well stocked with books before leaving out of port. Cass always gives her a public kiss before returning to the sea.
	Cass has become an expert at hiding his true feelings. Outwardly, he is a joy to be around. But inside, his callus heart has formed a protective wall to keep it from saying the name of his true love. Only late at night, and when he’s way out to sea, might you hear her name. Every moonlit night he sleeps not. You can see his dark silhouette pacing the “bow” of the “Virgin Queen,” as his heart cries softly into his large rough hands the name of Brandy. 
	Three times the “Virgin Queen” has steered in to Nuku Hiva since he lasted visited. And three times Cass has requested to stay at the port prior by using his ship’s accumulated leave time. Unks brings him news from every visit though. Each of his accounting’s tells how she's been since her wealthy Viceroy father suddenly passed away. It seems the French government has stolen her inheritance by stating her father was involved with underhanded dealings. Everyone knows this is a lie though. Now, she waits tables and listens to sailor’s stories. All the men enjoy the friendly attention she gives each and every sailor. She seems to enjoy sharing time listening to them tell their lives stories. But, Unks knows she is hoping she might hear mention of how her sailor is doing. He knows, because he sees the necklace she still wears. They say “time heals all wounds.” This is one injury that may take an eternity to heal. 
	The past year, the Cap has started routine shipments to the Orient. Lately, there has been an uneasy feeling covering Europe. There is unrest coming out of Germany. One man has begun to blame the outside world for all Germany’s woes. Trade has become much tougher with its surrounding nations. Some say another great war will come if somebody doesn’t shut his loud mouth. Cap has decided the Orient is more, shall we say, safe. It's also a more lucrative source of income. The “Virgin Queen” has brought Hong Kong and Shanghai fresh fruit from South America, wheat for their masses from the Americas, and Western wear and textiles sporting the latest fashions from the United States, France, and Great Britain. The Ship returns from the Orient mostly with tea, rice, and spices. 
	The crew has also uncovered one other export hidden in the middle of each shipment. It seems Cap is supplying the West with tons of gunpowder and explosives. None of the crew was ever told about this little secret. They uncovered it by accident, which they agreed to keep hidden between themselves-for now. One last thing they delivered to the Orient was Wong. He finally found his way home. The crew will surely miss him.
	Cass has been a great influence to others along his life’s journey. Children come rushing to greet him in such ports as the Philippians and Maui. Many of them have never been to school. He brings them books he’s bought along his travels. He’s even, shall we say, persuaded some of the crew to donate a little to his cause. 
	Each port has started a small library that’s manned by a pretty Polynesian. He teaches these young ladies how to read each time he comes to visit; who in turn teaches the children how to read. The natives have built grass huts to hold the crates of books that also double as bookshelves. Sometimes he brings candies for the children to snack on. They lay in the sweet grass and warm sun as he reads stories to them. But, it is always his wonderful adventures they desire to hear most. So do the young ladies. 
	Many have caught his eye, but none ever his heart. Cass has many, many very beautiful friends that are ladies. While his love is big enough to share with the world, his heart still holds that one spot reserved for a certain woman. He continues giving to others as he searches the vast seas for a distant place to bury his pain. But, Cass only finds there to be great need everywhere, and that the world is way too small to lose the thought of Brandy.
	Three more years pass. Near Christmas, Cass receives a postcard from Miss Avery. It seems Rico has grown into a handsome man of his own making, and Becky is no more a young child. 
	Rico has taken over for Mr. Burnito. Most of his customers are now young ladies. He tells Cass that business has never been better. He also tells Cass how much he misses him. 
	Miss Avery asks Cass to give her away. She explains how she has found a man he’d even approve of. He is a naval captain that has promised to retire and help her run the “Port of Sea.” Cass smiles at the picture on the front of the postcard showing her picaresque exotic restaurant. He laughs to see she has decorated it with palm trees, and wonders where she could have possible gotten them. Cass thinks they are a real “eye catcher;” palm trees in Lisbon? 
	Ava comments that investors want to start a chain of “Port of Sea” restaurants, which she would be part owner of. He reads that Mrs. Guvenossie has become the children's adopted grandmother, along with auntie. She comes over every Sunday for supper; right after church-which they all attend regularly together. The post script at the end of her card brings tears to his eyes. 
	It reads, “Becky says you still will always be her poppa.” 
	Cass peels off a picture of the family taped to the back of the postcard. He attaches both the card and the picture to his locker. 
	He writes Ava with his congratulations on her well deserved achievement, and that he’d be glad to give her away next spring. He finishes by telling them he’s going topside and blowing them a big kiss across the Atlantic. He hopes it reaches them before his postcard. 
	Cass worries about them. The German bigmouth has risen to power and is proclaiming his nation’s superiority. He is using violence to sway his people to his ruthless way of thinking. Cass is growing more anxious as he learns from passing sailors in various ports how their captain’s are steering clear of any German port. None of their harbors seems safe anymore. All Europe is beginning to hear his voice and showing signs of concern. Cass wonders how it will be come springtime in Lisbon.
	The cold winds of January blow over the northern half of the Atlantic. Cap decides to take on warmer waters. The crew gets hold of a copy of the ship’s itinerary from the Cap’s manifesto. One of their scheduled stops will bring them to the port of Dakar. They become angry to find this information was withheld until they steamed south of the British Isles. There is no safe haven port between the Barbary Coast destination and their current location. Only the Great Lady with her miles of open sea stands between them and Dakar. Mutiny is becoming a strong possibility. Their only defense against the dark menace is fearless Cass.
	Unks learns of this news first. The crew is hesitant to let Cass know their destination out of fear of how he might react. They’re not as worried about the possible confrontation that Cass desires with the large black fellow, it’s more about what he might do to those who sabotage the ship’s hull. Cass has never forgiven them for that, nor has the crew. They all agree to let Uncle Jared explain their situation and destination when the time is right. 
	A couple days later, Unks approaches Cass during his duties topside. 
	“How are you this fine sparkling day?” 
	Cass stops painting the railing of the ship long enough to greet him. 
	“Sure looks like a fine day.” 
	Unks reaches up and wipes a drop of gray paint off Cass’ cheek. 
	“Looks like not all the paint made its way on to the railing laddie.” 
	Cass smiles as Unks rolls the drop between his finger and thumb. Unks pulls his infamous dirty hanky from his pocket, spits on it, and then lifts it towards Cass’ face. 
	Cass backs away and replies, “Don’t worry, I’ll wash it off later Unks.” 
	Unks pulls his pipe out and packs it with tobacco. 
	As he searches in his pockets for a match to light it with, he asks, “Do you know where we are headed?” 
	Cass places his brush down on top of his paint can while saying, “Not exactly. The crew mentioned we were probably heading towards Morocco, and then the port of Alexandria. I just know we’re heading in that direction.” 
	Unks waves Cass over to a part of the railing not yet painted. He places his foot on the lower rail while lighting his pipe. Cass grabs the railing and pushes his body upward, stretching and expanding his muscles enough to nudge Jared unintentionally over. 
	“Sorry Unks.” 
	Unks scoots a foot or so over while telling Cass, “You really need to cut back on eating so much red meat.” 
	Cass stares at the smooth southern horizon and smiles. 
	Unks continues with his antics by stating, “Pretty soon you’ll have to wear a tent for a shirt, boy.” 
	Both spend a relaxing minute or two chuckling and enjoying the view of the calm sea. Unks puffs a smoke ring that rises high before it dissolves into the blue nothingness. 
	“Hardly any wind on this fine day.  We should have smooth sailing the rest of our journey.” 
	Unks face turns serious as he prepares to tell Cass their true destinations. Cass notices his change and tries to break the monotony. 	
	“I know you didn’t come here to ask me out on a date.” 
	Unks face is forced to smile once again. 
	“You’re not my type of sailor. I like em short and thin.” 
	Cass is forced to laugh this time. 
	“No laddie, the real reason I’m here is to tell you where we’re really headed.” 
	Cass knows something is up. Both faces look towards each other. Unks has raised eyebrows and Cass’ face fills with anger. He knows what Unks is going to say next. Unks tells Cass the good news first. 
	“We are headed to Morocco after our first stop. You’ll get a chance to see Margaret and get another book.” 
	This does not remove the vengeance from Cass’ thoughts. His mind is locked in a trance, thinking how he’ll get rid of the dark menace that tried to kill all of them. 
	He asks Unks, knowing the answer, “And before Morocco?” 	
	Cass braces his hands on the railing waiting for Unks to respond. His anticipating hands choke the life out of the railing that begins to make a slight crackling sound. Unks hurries to think of a way to tell him the truth without igniting the furious hatred in his straining eyes. Unks says nothing instead. 	
	Unks lowers his leg from the railing. He knows nothing he says will quench this fire except the chance of revenge, or forgiveness. He knows the later will never happen. Years of experience have taught Uncle Jared this cold dish never leaves a satisfying taste. No matter how much you eat of its plate, you are only left hungry for more. Unks walks away hoping time might change Cass' mind. But, he knows seven years has done nothing to wipe that detestation off that slate of Cass’ memory. So, Unks prays a silent prayer that the miraculous will happen in the next two days. That is when the “Virgin Queen” is schedule to tie dock in Dakar.
	Not much is said between the crew that night except unusual polite talk; like “please pass the butter,” or “good supper Stymie.” The sickening aroma of sweetness only adds a sour taste to all the tension. Every man looks for a way to please Cass. But, Cass just chews his meal slowly, grinding every piece of meat between his clenched teeth into tiny bits. The crew keeps one reverent eye on their plate while hurrying to eat, and their other on the uncontrollable mountain ready to erupt. This is surely a frightening thing. 
	This night Cass walks the deck thinking. This night the “living quarters” is filled with tossing and turning due to the nightmare fast approaching. 
	The daybreak is filled with thick purple and red clouds. It’s as if the Sun exploded and bled on the sea. Miles of pacing throughout the night has given Cass a new perspective. Or, he sees something in the chaos on the horizon. His eyes match his blank stare this very moment. 
	Unks bring him a mug of coffee. As he offers it, he lifts it slowly up into Cass’ line of sight. In this moment, Unks hears the miraculous from Cass’ lips. 
	“I don’t want to kill anyone anymore.” 	
	Unks thinks, “Thank God!”  
	They take a moment to adjust to this revelation. Cass slurps a sip, and then Unks gulps a swig. Unks curiosity makes him wonder what major event could have made him change his path towards destruction. 
	“What made you come to that conclusion laddie?” 	
	Cass simply answers, “Momma.” 
	Unks can only think to agree by reciting his epitaph to Cass’ momma, “Aye; my dear sweet sister.” 
	Nothing else is said after. For, the mention of her name answered the aching in Cass’ heart. The hate gripping it has given way to the love honoring his momma’s memory. Cass sails the sea with a new perspective; dumping overboard his other objective. 
	The crew notices the change in Cass as the day drags on. The fear of their friend is gradually replaced with the fear of their fast approaching foe. The red sky warning of the morning has not proven accurate. While the sea has become much choppier, the wind remains calm under the canopy of a dark sky. 
	Word comes from the “wheelhouse” that Cap sees the first sight of the “Barbary Coast.” This is immediately followed by Cap’s direction to the crew that they prepare for a “coastal run.” The prospect of the weather turning worse at moment’s notice forces the captain to risk the jagged corral and rocks in shallower water along the safer coastline. This will add a half day more to the “Virgin Queen's” voyage; due to the more indirect route. But, this longer route gives added protection against the more possible dangerous storm. 
	This will be a long night for the crew as they search the shallower sea for the dark perils just beneath the waves. We pray we catch the “spring” high tides the rest of the way. And hope there’s enough water between the “Virgin Queen” and the hard jagged fingers of coral trying to pull her down.   
	Quiet conversation passes between the anxious waves during the night. Each sailor man’s their prescribed position while regularly reporting their findings. 
	“‘Portside,’ mid section. All clear!” 
	“‘Starboard,’ mid section reports. All clear!”  
	The “round robin” of pronouncement circles the ship every five to ten minutes throughout the rest of the night. So do the whispers of what they expect when they reach Dakar. 
	The early morning crackles with fingers of lightening, turning the distant shoreline into a neon glow. 
	One of the crew forward sternly proclaims, “St. Elmo’s Fire!” 	
	A new fear comes aboard. Superstition steers the crews’ attention to the folklore every sailor knows by heart. Only the Professor has ever seen this strange substance before. He’s explained it to be simply nothing more than electrified gases. But, the legend of this lifeless apparition appearing right before ships mysteriously sink is much more compelling than the Professors denial of it being an evil entity. No more lightening is observed, just the increasing greenish glow amidst the soaking warm humidity, and the dead awful silence. The green bubble grows bigger as they near Dakar. The crew proceeds to call out their findings with a creepy crackle in their voices. 
	The smell of Hell’s smoke slowly crawls over top-deck. The stench of sulfur permeates the air. Now there is this awful pungent sweet smell. Frenchy is the first to proclaim the origins of this odor. 	
	“I’ve smelled this before. There’s been an explosion. This is the smell of burnt flesh.”
	 All eyes turn toward the horizon, watching the source of the green glow and its hideous odor. The growing sounds of distant screaming and crying come from its glowing center. A burning yellow and reddish line below the green haze slowly turns into a dancing string of fire. Cass is drawn by the distant voices of distress, urging him “starboard” to investigate. Cap decides to steer closer to shore for a better view. Two hundred yards out, the men see the flaming huts and smell the smoldering carnage. Shapes of women frantically holding their steaming babies line the poorly lit shoreline. Screams for “help!” are immediately heard by the heart of the “Virgin’s” fearless hero. 
	Cass has no though to his own life as he dives overboard. The crew wrestles with their conscience as they watch Cass venture towards the very gates of Hell itself. Each of his strokes tortures 
each of the crew’s scared souls. 
	The Cap slows the ship to a crawl, and then commands, “Drop anchor!” 
	He makes his way down to the top-deck alongside the debating crew, passively watching Cass swim for their lives. Cap rips his jacket off while throwing his cap aside. 
	He stands on the top rung of the railing and yells, “If you be men, follow me!” 
	He dives into the dark waves, and then chases after Cass. A dozen splashes plunge, as a dozen brave souls do more than just follow orders. All hands swim as they watch Cass’ muscular silhouette stand on shore. He towers over the natives that are frantically screaming to him while jumping up and down. These black silhouettes jab their arms towards the fire. Cass is gone in a second. Cap struggles to stand as the female voices repeat their message to him. Cap bends over in exhaustion before wobbling after Cass. 
	One by one, the tired crew makes it to the shoreline. All the while, hearing the women yell something in broken English. 
	The one familiar word the crew understand is, “Children!” 
	Returning Cass charges toward the approaching Cap with six or seven babes tucked under his smoldering arms. The charging crew watches as Cass briefly stops and tells the Cap something. Cap recharges towards the burning huts and disappears into the flaming mayhem. Once again, Cass rushes towards the shore, leaving a contrail of smoke. 
	As he approaches the staggering crew he screams, “Hurry fellows, the whole place is burning, and there are children in there!” 
	The men find a new-found strength. They charge the fire as Cass runs with the babes towards the water. He does not stop as he drops them in the sea. The frantic mothers hurry to their babies as Cass dashes back towards Hell. He passes the Cap carrying four crying children. Cap doesn’t realize his trousers are on fire. Several of the crew tries stopping him so they can put it out. 
	He knocks them over and yells, “There’s no blasted time for that now!” 
	He rushes to the water and dives in. The crying women grab the floating babies as the burnt Cap tries to reenter the rescue. Several of the women try and help him up, but his wounds are too severe for him to stand. 
	Cass leaps out of the fire carrying a dozen children, plus one clinging to his neck. He passes the rest of the arriving crew while telling them where to look for the other babes. 	
	Frenchy turns briefly to see Cass’ trousers too are on fire. But, neither the flames nor the three hundred pound load slows Cass a bit. 	
	Frenchy yells a sort of “battle cry” before charging the door of a flaming hut. 
	Each of the crew follows suit and risk life and limb. Each screams their own fearless gesture as they jump the flames. It seems the captain’s valiant dare to duty has made heroes out of everyman, but none so much as Cass. 
	The entire village blazes as the last of the crew return to shore. Most carry one or two bawling toddlers. 
	Some just say, “It’s too late for anyone else.” 
	The rest stare at the totally consuming fire. 
	The women weep for the lives lost, but also for their heroes who saved so many. The men return their gratitude by sitting next to the wailing children. They soak in the safe cool surf washing their burns while soothing their tired bodies. 
	Steam floats off the water as Cap orders, “Roll call!” 
	Only one name is not present or accounted for. That name is Cass. 
	Unks screams under this revelation. He leaps to run and find him. It takes five of the crew to tackle him. He gives black eyes to several of them before he succumbs to the sheer weight of the pile forcing him down. 
	Unks looks up and cries out loudly with his breaking heart, “Laddie...my, my precious laddie!”    
	 The ship flounders in the rising tide as first light reveals the beach littered with dirty sleeping bodies. Half the crew fell asleep while sitting in the cool water. The rest lay next to the crying and moaning children as the native women attend to their burns and wounds. 
	Unks prostrated body lay face down upon crossed arms, holding his hidden face just above the sand. His intense crying has caused him to go unconscious. 
	One of the men suggests getting the “first aid” kit on board, but every soul is too tired or too injured to risk the long swim to the ship. The smoldering village crackles and pops, as the last of anything that can burn, burns out. 
	A rustling sound comes through the palm trees. Clamoring voices pass the burnt heaps as they head towards the shoreline. A black man’s face appears through a parting “fan palm tree.” 
	“They over here mun, they over here!” 
	Dozens of black faces appear; some racing to the people on the beach, and some kneel down and cover their faces with their thankful praying hands. 
	One native man cries out, “It’s a miracle!” 
	The crew slowly realizes who these men are. The large black man wearing the dagger stands in front of them. The rest of the black men open a trunk marked with a red cross and begin administering “first aid.” Not the large black man though.
	“Who’s your captain?” he yells out! 
	Cap tries to stand out of the water, but his injured legs won't allow him. Instead, he fearlessly stares him sternly in the eyes. The fire of the night has rid the Cap of any possible fear towards anything living; no matter how menacing it is. For, he has stared death in the eyes and lived to tell about it. 
	Bravely he yells, “I'm the captain!”
	The morning light cast a yellow glow over the approaching giant. He extends his long severely scarred arm towards the Cap, offering his assistance upward. He suddenly realizes Cap has a problem standing. The Cap's heavy weight is no problem for the large man to lift. No sooner does he help Cap up, and then Unks punches his black face. Unks curses him, as he continues to attack him. 
	The dark man restrains Unks by holding him at arm’s length. This distance is further than Unks can reach with his swinging arms. 	
	Unks yells, “You helped kill my nephew!” 
	The fellow remembers who Unks is now. 
	“Is your nephew the men who wanted to dance with me?” 
	Out of the bushes stumbles a very large black man. Wrapped around his neck is a child. He looks like he just came out of the fire itself. His remaining clothes are black as him. He falls face down on the beach while letting go of the boy’s hands that were locked in his grasp around his neck.  
	The exhausted man struggles to rollover on his side, as the young soot covered boy screams out, “Poppa!” 
	The boy leaps off the fallen man and jumps into the arms of the very surprised large black man. The giant holds this little treasure while weeping with joy. 
	“I thought I lost you sonny. I thought I lost you!” 
	He sways back and forth as both cry in this embrace. 
	The young boy tells him, “That man laid on me when the burning hut fell down.” 
	The large man sets his son down and hurries to the injured man. He bends down to find a spot on him that is not burned, but there is little uninjured area to lift him. 
	As he looks further, the fallen man opens his white eyes and says, “Have you come to collect on your dance big fellow?” 
	The giant man begins to smile. 
	“I don’t know if you a fool or a damn hero. You save my son. I get you better. I SWEAR!” 
	He commands several native men to come over by yelling, “NOW!” 	
	A jeep suddenly drives onto the beach. Two men remove the straps securing a plank to the jeep’s front hood. The other natives surround Cass, looking for a place to grab him. It takes six men to roll him onto the plank, and seven to lift the plank on top the hood of the jeep. They hurry to strap him down as the large black man runs over to Unks. 	
	Uncle Jared and the crew are unaware of Cass’ discovery. Unks worn face has returned to the sand on the beach. 
	The giant man yanks Unks up while yelling, “You come now. You nephew need you!” 
	This surprise confusingly slaps Unks into immediate consciousness. 
	He grabs and shakes the black man, “What do you mean?”  
	The giant points to the jeep. The sudden change of events fills
Unks face with new found tears. Joy runs down his cheeks seeing Cass is back from the dead.
	Unks runs over to him, and then softly pats Cass’ cheek. 
	He whispers to his reviving giant, “You, you, you’re going to kill your Uncle Jared with worry.” 
	Unks quickly kisses his forehead before leaping into the back of the jeep. 
	The large black man squeezes alongside Unks before yelling to the driver, “Move out!” 
	The jeep circles around on the soft sand. The crew all stand after hearing Cass is alive. They begin clapping and whistling as the jeep finishes slowly turning around. Cass strains to lift his black face to see what all the commotion is about. He sees Cap standing sternly at attention, saluting his fallen comrade. 
	As they pull away, all the natives yell their concerns towards the jeep. Cass lowers his tired head and looks back towards Unks. He laughs to see him wearing black soot lipstick. Cass 
lays his head back down, smiles, and then passes out.  
	The crew of the “Virgin Queen” spends the rest of the day attending to the injured. Some of the local men bring an eight man “lifeboat” to the crew. On its “portside” bears the name, “The Prometheus.” It seems they stole the “lifeboat” from the ship ironically named after the Greek god who gave fire to man. 
	The Cap gives orders to load all the badly burned victims aboard the boat first. The Professor, Stymie, and Cowboy Dan are also part of the first trip to the ship. The Cap plans on turning the “mess galley” in to a temporary hospital so he can transport the survivors to the nearest medical clinic. Cap counts thirty three women and forty seven children injured serious enough to need immediate attention. It will take many trips back and forth to the ship before bring them all safely aboard. 
	All morning long the crew repeats the process of filing the “lifeboat.” The local men help by carefully carrying each crying victim, or assisting those only slightly hurt. 
	Cap tells the crew that Cass is being brought to Dakar’s only hospital; which is about seventy miles from here. He also overhears the natives mumbling something about how the village was destroyed. It has to do with their boss storing munitions around the village. Some seem very angry. But, more seem scared of what will happen to them, since all the munitions were destroyed. Cap draws the conclusion: their boss might be in the business of selling weapons of war-much like he’s been doing. He 
scratches his head pondering this eye-opening revelation, as he
glances over the smoldering devastation where their village once stood.
	Early afternoon, the “Virgin Queen” steams full out towards the port of Dakar. The ship runs with a minimum crew. The rest of the men are dedicated to helping restrain the injured lying in the “mess galley.” There is loud moaning covering the entire ship. The sound of the boilers belching is the only sound louder than their crying. 
	The “Virgin Queen” spins her propeller faster than this lady has ever seen it churn before. A black cloud of steam trails the sky behind as she burns her fire very rich. The word between the crew is the “Virgin Queen” has passed twenty knots. 
	At 3:15pm, the ship reaches the dock at Dakar. A party of natives anxiously line up on the dock. They are in position, much like sprinters in a relay race, waiting for the injured to be passed on. Two dilapidated buses wait just off dock past the line of native men. Some of them are finishing tearing out benches from inside the buses, as others pile the broken seats out of the path of the soon arriving wounded. 	
	The crew starts carrying the children off ship first. The natives meet them at the gangplank’s end. A line of wounded bodies forms on deck patiently waiting for the passing of the injured to those men dockside. Less than twenty minutes, each bus is fully loaded, and then chugs off to the hospital. 
	All the men sit exhausted. The crew returns to their position on ship and begin looking over the worried black men. Everything is quiet in this moment of reflection. All the fear the crew felt towards this dark menace changes. They humbly gaze as several natives cry into their hands, impatiently rocking on wooden supply barrels sitting on dock. Their nervous tension weighs heavy on them. 	
	Cap realizes these will be the longest hours; waiting for word on their loved ones condition. He orders Dan to fetch Stymie. Seconds later, Stymie arrives topside. The Cap calls the crew into his informative huddle. A minute later, the crew scatters, and then hurries below deck. It seems the Cap is going to serve the natives his own dish of compassion. Cap crosses the gangplank. He stops just short of dockside. 
	“Me and my men wish to offer our sincere condolences. We’d also like to offer you gentlemen some hot coffee with supper.” 
	A bewilder look comes over the natives faces, but his announcement is received and welcomed. The dock-hands slowly begin heading towards the Cap. Others help the grieving to their feet, and then lead them over the gangplank. Cap stands aside allowing them to pass. One burly fellow stops in front of Cap, and then muddles, 
	“Why you help us? We’ve been nothing but mean to you.”  
	The man’s eyes fill with his restrained tears eagerly waiting for the Cap’s response. 
	Cap simply replies, “Because we can.” 
	These words confuse the man. He staggers below deck thinking about these words as his conscience wonders where this goodness comes from.
	The crew’s compassion serves these destitute natives the rest of the long night. They not only share their sympathy, but their life’s story. The entertainment redirects their worried minds to follow the crew members through their adventures around the world. Much coffee is served throughout the night. No one gets any real sleep. By morning, the native fellows finish telling their less adventurous stories. 	
	The crew learns these dock-hands are really no more than slaves to their ruthless greedy boss. They reveal how they are beat, or how their family members are tortured for their poor performance. The crew sees firsthand the results by their scared skin. They now know why the natives acted the way they did. For, they follow a cruel taskmaster. 
	A loud steady “clomping” sound followed by sliding shoes on the metal floor of the hall permeates the quiet “mess galley.” The half sleeping men are curiously revived as the sound draws nearer. 
	Cap enters the “galley” just ahead of the sound. 
	“May I introduce the fool who saved so many lives. This is Casanova; ships mate FIRSTCLASS, of the “Virgin Queen.” 
	Cass hobbles his way into view alongside the slowly clapping captain. He confusingly turns his gaze towards the Cap, and then smiles. 
	“Thanks for the promotion Cap.” 
	All the crew gradually stands amidst the rising intensity of their clapping hands. The native men follow in the festivities and honor Cass also. He bows his humble head in this overwhelming emotional situation that he has no way out of. He stands there on crutches-blushing. 
	Several of the crew comes to assist Cass, but this honor is only afforded to his proud Uncle Jared, hiding just in the shadow of his nephew. This is Unks well deserved reward.
	The inquisitive natives desperately desire to know the condition of their family members. They ask Cass about certain individual’s by name as he journey over to a bench. 
	Cass tells them, “How about if I let my friend Larko tell you.” 	
	The large black man enters the “mess galley” carrying a “clipboard” full of information. Cass’ introduction has not gone unnoticed. 
	Larko straight away looks firmly into Cass’ eyes while telling all his men, “Before I tell you about your family members, you will for now and ever remember the faces of these men whom saved your family. You will always respect these men and the name of Cass!” 
	The “mess galley” abruptly changes ambiance; from a combination eating establishment and “living quarters” into a court of law and reverent cathedral. Every native slowly and quietly nods their sincere head up and down. All these men affirm their oath; as some accept Cass’ honored position as deity. 
	The next few days the “Virgin Queen” becomes a hotel and headquarters for the returning family members. Each of the crew gets to know all the dock-hands names and family members. Each family adopts a crew member by sharing their child’s affection. The natives sit their children on crew members laps while formally introducing their new adopted family member. 
	Returning women show their affection by giving the crew spiritual trinkets they made while waiting for news on their children. Each is suppose to hold special powers of blessing and protection. Some of the crew welcomes these superstitious idols as really having the power suggested. Stymie makes a necklace out of his. Most decided to cherish these idols as a souvenir on their heroics. Cap orders his mounted above the “wheelhouse” door. No one really knows which type of belief he follows; superstition or 
souvenir. It may be a little of both. 
	Cass is ordered by the Cap to nurse his wounds the next several weeks. He received minor burns over most of his body. He only received severe burns on his back and legs. These burns seem amazingly small though. 
	The doctor told Unks he doesn’t know how his nephew came out alive. The amount of devastation to his clothing should definitely have killed Cass. Unks told the doctor how Cass was soaked from his long swim. The doctor explained how that may have helped, but the intense heat would have quickly devoured that protection. 
	The doctor is quoted as saying, “Angels, or God himself, must have divinely protected Cass. Even his belt buckle melted. But, he hardly got burned.” 
	Unks decides to accept the doctor’s miraculous findings as Angelic intervention.
	At the end of the week, Cap pulls anchor. The crew sadly waves goodbye to their new adopted families. They watch as bandaged children run alongside the retreating ship, shouting their farewells to their new family members. The Cap lays on the ship’s horn, sending his parting gesture. The “Virgin Queen” departs with a send off reserved only for dignitaries. Native women toss rings of flowers on the water, which is suppose to alert their gods to supernaturally protect the ship along its journey. The crew makes their way to the “stern” of the ship while waving their last farewells. Cass and Unks stroll towards the crew while staring at the diminishing dock. Larko holds the tiny waving Pella on his shoulders. 
	Cass yells, “I never got that dance you promised!” 
	Larko laughs and returns his welcomed insult. 
	“You take lessons honey while you’re away, and I buy a pretty dress to wear!” 
	Both men hold this moment in their large hearts. Both become brothers for life.
	The Dakar harbor turns into a faint dot before the crew heads back to work. This is the first time in remembrance that the Cap has allowed the crew so much time in their dereliction of duty. Unks and Cass spend one more moment gazing before attending to business. 	
	Unks says, “I never thought I’d say this, but I can’t wait to come back to Dakar.” 
	Cass turns his gaze towards Unks and just smiles. 
	“Dakar is not so dark anymore.” 

















































CHAPTER 11: springtime in lisbon


Flower blossoms cover the bay as the “Virgin Queen” cuts a path through spring’s welcoming gesture. Warm sunshine cast a yellowish halo over the ships jockeying for position near dock. The midday sensation wonderfully overtakes the crew. The warmth, the sounds, the view, and the sweet aromas overwhelm each sailor. Each of their sucking breaths turns into a delighted smile. Each nose, tongue, ear, and eye tastes the bountiful bouquet of steamy stews, savory searing meats, fresh baked breads, and fragrant flowers floating across the harbor. The town tower “bongs,” bringing to life the sights and sounds of the bustling port. Nothing is as sensational as the sight of Cass’ adopted family frantically waving toward the nearing ship. 
	Cass is fixed on Miss Avery. She holds Becky’s hand with her long white glove. Their free hands wave to Cass, like little flags welcoming their hero home from war. 
	Rico wears a suit and tie, and an eager smile. He stands a handsome head over Ava. Cass proudly stores this vivacious memory in the diary of his heart as he thinks about how much more beautiful they’ve all become. 
	Cass carries his duffel bag over his shoulder. 
	He walks behind Unks who whispers over his shoulder, “Don’t they all look lovely Cass. This is swell.” 
	Cass finishes crossing the gangplank as Miss Avery hugs the chuckling jolly Uncle Jared.  
	He softly announces, “I hear someone is having a wedding.” 
	Ava squeezes him a little tighter as Becky politely proclaims, “Yesss, Ava is.” 
	Cass nudges Unks off to the side to allow him a chance at a greeting. 
	Becky fearlessly leaps onto the bending Cass. 
	“Poppa, you’re home!” 
	Cass jiggles and giggles in her embrace. He pushes her out to arm distance and holds her there. 
	“Let me take a look at you.” 
	He sets her down as his eyes stare at her feet, and then work their way up to her smiling teeth. 
	“Yep, yep, you’ve gotten bigger.” 
	Her smile turns harshly confused. Cass knows she is expecting much more from the “compliment department.” 
	He slowly slides his hands to her sides and tickles her while asking, “Did I tell you? You’ve become more beautiful.” 
	This is the treasure she’s been anxiously waiting for. 
	She hugs him once more and shyly replies, “Oh poppa, I’m so glad you’re home.” 
	Ava graciously ushers Becky aside as Rico offers his welcoming handshake. Cass snatches it, and then acts if Rico is crushing his hand in their manly embrace. Rico laughs and forgoes the formal procedure. He hugs Cass while patting him on the back. 
	Cass comments, “Boy, you sure have grown.” 
	Rico replies, “I’m six feet three, and still a little more to grow.” 	
	Cass is not so intimidated as to swish his hand around Rico’s hair a few times. Rico leaps a half a step towards Cass, faking his playful assault. Cass responds with his own immanent stance of devastation. Both freeze and declare victory through their laughter. 	Rico hugs Cass again and whispers, “I’m glad your home too.” 	
	He steals the duffel bag off Cass’ shoulder while demanding to carry it to the cottage. The parting Rico frames a hesitant Ava tapping her shoe with both arms on her sides. Cass instantly 
changes her act of anger. 
	He shakes his gawking head side to side while telling her, “He sure is going to be one lucky fellow. You sure are a feast for the 
eyes straight out of the 'tabernacle of beautiful'.” 
	She melts as always in his presence, as she tries to wrap her arms around her “knight in shining armor.” 
	Cass has to pry himself loose from her warm never ending embrace. 
	He whispers before pushing her away, “Congratulation on all your success, and picking such a fine man.” 
	She is subtly overjoyed, but strangely saddened to hear these words from him. Part of her is so happy to know how proud he is of her. But strangely, another part of her feels like it is being sentenced to death. She knows in her heart this will mark the end of any hope of being with the real love of her life. She can only half smile as her reward for his most sincere compliment. 
	Cass asks, “How about some lunch?”                                     	
	The forgotten Unks interrupts the group. 
	“No thanks. My supper approaches.” 
	All heads turn towards the approaching Mrs. Guvenossie. Her salutation arrives just before she does. 
	“Welcome... sailors.” 
	It sounds as if she’s caught herself before pronouncing the word “home” between the words of her salutation. Everyone knows  how much she wants her sailor to call this place home one day. They all watch Unks delightfully hug her, as she girlishly giggles aloud in her embarrassing embrace.
	Ava tells everyone how much a blessing Mrs. Guvenossie’s been. 
	“She’s helped plan my wedding. She’s helped me pick my gown, and she is going to make her grandmother’s special secret recipe for desert. It’s going to be wonderful.” 
	Both ladies warmly gaze into each others eyes as Mrs. Guvenossie winks. Ava returns her own assuring wink of gratitude. 
	Everyone walks towards the town center as they pair off into two separate groups. 
	Cass yells to the departing Unks, “We’ll see you both later!” 
	Unks speaks no words. He proceeds alongside Mrs. Guvenossie confirming Cass’ suggestion by his waving hand. 
	The rest of the day is spent with Cass catching up on all that has happened. It starts over several cappuccinos and meal at the café. Unks enjoys a warm homemade lunch and the afternoon 
companionship of his dear friend.      	
	The first couple days on “ship leave” are dedicated to personal time with each family member. The next week is left to placing the finishing touches on the wedding. Cass, Becky, and Ava occupy their days with playful family antics while shopping for the exciting day fast approaching. Cass’ nights are spent sharing his adventures and virtues with Rico over a game of checkers. The pair can often be caught battling with and evening “arm wrestling” match. Rico’s growing physic is still no contest for the superior expanses of Cass’ huge biceps. They both cherish every competitive second while daring and insulting one another as to whom has superior strength. 
	The days are too long for Rico. He loves dealing with the customers over Mr. Burnito’s jewelry table, but his heart impatiently waits for his evenings he’ll spend with Cass. Each precious night is becoming quickly too short for Rico. 
	Three days before the wedding, the family prepares to receive the retiring naval captain Steven Black. This evening, a telegram is delivered that Ava reads aloud. 
	“Her majesty’s flagship, the ‘HMS Cornwallis,’ is on schedule. Stop. It is due to arrive in the port of Lisbon at 1300 hours tomorrow. Stop. I am looking forward to greeting all of you. Stop. Cordially: Captain Black.” 
	The message inspires Ava to hug Cass. The revelation of the captain’s elevate stature slightly intimidates Cass though. He now understands this man is much more a captain than he was expecting. 
	“Wow Ava, I’m impressed.” 
	They sit on the cottage floor near the fireplace as Ava fills Cass in on everything surrounding her gentleman sailor. She pours each of them a small glass of Spanish sherry before explaining how they met. A half hour later, Cass agrees with Ava on how fate played a whimsical part in their chance meeting. 
	Her delight becomes Cass’ ache. Each morsel of her encounter forces loose a suppressed memory of beautiful Brandy. He lies with each of his confirming smiles on how happy he is to hear her next exciting words. Each romantic memory Ava relives with Captain Black brings to life Cass’ sweetheart; he thought he lost and buried a thousand leagues under the sea. Seven years hence, and seven different seas still have not put enough distance between him and the love he still feels. 	
	Becky soothes him by stroking his exposed scars. Cass has not told any of them about Dakar. He feels this is not the time. He leaves Becky to wonder where the burns came from as they lay under the glow of the fire. 
	The fire’s warmth slowly dies as the glow of Ava’s great expectation finishes. Cass gently lifts the comfortably tired Becky in his strong arms. Ava brings along a warm blanket from the sofa. After he settles her in bed, Ava tucks the soft blanket around her. Cass stands near the bedroom entrance as Ava kisses her head. Cass dims the light as Ava moves into the lit hallway. Both take a moment to recall how big of a girl she has grown into, and how beautiful she is becoming. 	
	Cass softly says to Ava as he closes the door, “One day she’s going to need a bodyguard to keep all the sailors away from her.” 	
	Becky’s closed eyes smile right before she rolls on to her side. 	She whispers, “Goodnight poppa and Ava,” just before falling deeply asleep.        
	Captain Steve Black pulls in harbor on time. His magnificent gray giant waits for no ship as it pulls straight into dock. Whistles blow fifty feet above the dock calling its crew to assembly. The stampeding of an army of feet on the metal deck strike like a thousand drums. A complete silence follows, as the dock-hands roll the “docking stairs” up to the ship. A muffled voice flows over the quiet vessel, mixing within the sounds of passing ships and seagull’s squawking. The dock-hands “clang” the tall stairs just to left of the royal navy emblem near the proud ten feet high name “HMS Cornwallis.” 	
	Several “Royal Navy” sailors race down the stairs to check on 
the ship’s dozen mooring ropes. A few gulls seem amused. The birds stare at the gray behemoth blocking their warm sunny spots. The upset gulls sit atop their wooden pedestals daring the approaching sailors to try and “shoo” them away. One sailor mumbles something unmentionable as he pulls the slack from the thick long rope. He swipes his soiled hands on his navy uniform while saying another unmentionable phrase. 
	Becky’s laughter alerts the sailor to quickly tip his hat, and then apologize for his rude comments. He bows before the family, and then races up the stairs to join his fellow sailors on deck. 
	Squawking gulls return to the scene of their crime, bringing along dozens more of their curious feathered friends. A few take revenge by marking their spot on the taunt thick curved rope twisting up to the tall ship. 
	Cass looks towards his adopted family. He smiles at them as they continue to delight in this orchestra of antics unfolding before their excited eyes. 
	Rico’s concentration is rather committed to another bite of pastry; compliments of Isabella and Sherry. 
	Ava swipes a spot of confectionery sugar from Rico’s suit jacket while saying, “Careful now.” 
	Cass bends down before Becky and polishes the fallen sugar from off her shiny black shoes. 
	From his unique vantage point he says, “Don’t you all look picture perfect.” 
	Ava sees Rico’s hair needs immediate attention. She retrieves her brush and straightens the back of his hair. 
	Rico carefully stuffs the last bite in his mouth, as Ava returns her brush to her sparkling purse. 
	She straightens Rico’s tie while proclaiming, “Now we look perfect.” 
	The quiet deck of the ship erupts with stampeding shoes. A thousand pounding legs charge down the staircase, and then formally dance along the wooden surface of the dock. Five hundred scuffing shoes slide to their final resting place. Every sound in the harbor mysteriously disappears. Even the curious gulls cease their gossiping chatter. 
	A man appears at the top of the staircase. He draws his arms to his side, and then takes one step back, spins half way backwards, and then one more step back. Methodically, he lifts his arm. He toots his loud whistle as a bearded man dressed in white appears at the top of the steps. No sound interferes with his meticulously descent downward. 	
	Rico’s ears silently count each of his cold steely steps, as Ava stands in awe, looking at her sailor. 
	The Captain stops for a moment, winks to the family, and then resumes his timely powerful pace. 
	The whole of the town’s people quietly comes to investigate why all the sound in the harbor has mysteriously vanished. 
	One sailor wearing many medals rushes to join the Captain standing on dock. Everyone seems intimidated by the captian's authority. 
	Ava looks mildly perplexed to learn the influence of the man she’s marrying. 
	Another loud whistle blows. This time it comes from the front of this silent serious formation. The sailor with all the medals marches in unison just behind Captain Black. Both proceed towards the front of the formation facing away, as each stride strikes twice as loud. Every ear, every eye, and every thought is commanded to give its full undivided attention to the honorable Captain Steven Black. The “Royal Captain” speaks. 
	“As you know men, I am here to be married to the lovely and honorable Miss Avery Bonacelli. The ceremony will commence promptly at twelve hundred hours two days hence. I will not order you to attend, but hope to see all you there. Formal 'Dress White' uniform is required. There will be free libations and entertainment at the celebration. Do not exceed your mental capacity to function gentlemen.” 
	Every sailor quietly sucks in their bellies and expands their elated chest to accept his announcement. He continues on. 
	“All are welcome to attend. This includes those civilians in the distance of my voice.” 
	He smiles as the dock explodes with thunderous applause. Ships stationed off dock “toot” their whistles and blow their loud horns in appreciation. 
	Captain Black raises his hands, and then waves down the jubilation, returning the port to its uncanny silence. 
	“I have one more declaration. There is a man among you like no other man. He is more of a man than any I have ever known, or ever heard of. I wish to thank him for risking his life many times to save others.” 
	Eyes shift side to side hoping to glimpse this hero. 
	“For many years I have heard stories on this man’s heroics. Every port I’ve visited speaks large tales about this mythical figure.” 
	A soft mummer of voices from the crowd guesses who this man might be. 
	“He is more than a man. He is legend!” 
	Cass and the family stare anxiously from behind the formation at the captain. One man suddenly exits the formation of sailors, and then ceremonially marches forward. 
	“Ahhh” sounds come from the crowd as this man is revealed. He finishes his march by facing Captain Black. This sailor comes back to attention, and then slowly salutes Captain Black. Mysteriously, this sailor lifts up a box. The captain removes the lid and its contents. The sailor returns the empty box to his side, and then comes along side the captain. The captain continues. 
	“But alas, it is not until this very day have I been given the opportunity to thank him for the many lives he saved.” 
	The crowd returns to their gossiping. They suddenly realize the man’s identity has not yet been revealed. The Captain lifts a gold medallion adorned with a blue and white ribbon-chest high. 
	“I have been authorized by Her Majesty to give this to that man if, and whenever I find this myth. This honor is reserved for only the bravest of men. Years before, he saved many drowning men from a murky death. These men were part of the merchant marines enlisted in Her Majesty’s service. Without thought to himself, he dove ten fathoms down and freed these trapped souls.” 
	Each new heroic revelation releases “ewes and ahhh's” from the anticipating crowd. 
	“Many times since, he’s risked life and limb to help others around the globe.” 
	The captain raises this “Medal of Honor” high for all to see. 
	“Recently he charged a burning village to save dozens of children from a certain fiery death.” 
	Captain Black nods his head up and down several times to agree with exulting crowd. 
	“I wonder how many more heroic deeds he has performed that we know nothing about. This world is a better place because of him.” 
	 A knot forms in the pit of Cass’ stomach. Humble Cass has kept his secret life hid from his family. He does not want to worry them while he’s out to sea.  
	“A good friend of mine: Captain Alexander Trousi, of the ‘Lord Byron,’ revealed to me this hero’s identity. This hero is here today amongst us lesser men.” 
	The captain gives the command, “Formation, about face!” 
	Five hundred feet “stamp” simultaneously, and then five hundred heads abruptly “snap” around. 
	He orders, “Present arms!” 
	Five hundred hands reverently rise together to salute. 
	“I tell you: for surely this legend does live.” 
	From behind this family, a single set of hands begin slowly clapping. Unks reveals himself from behind as his tearful eyes walk forward. He continues “clapping” as Mrs. Guvenossie’s proud red face follows alongside. The family is in a state of confusion. 
	They wonder, “What is going on?” 
	The captain states, “And, this hero’s name is Casanova Rouseco, ship’s mate first class, of the very, very honorable “Virgin Queen.” 
	The captain marches around the formation as the wondering eyes of the crowd follow along. Steady “clapping” begins to fill the dock, which spills over into the harbor. Everyone is eager to see the face of this larger than life hero. 
	Miss Avery turns her stare towards the man she only thought she knew. The entire family looks at Cass as the captain reveals this mystery man to the rest of the world. Miss Avery begins to back away, due to the shock overtaking her. But Cass grabs her arm, and then pulls her back to his side. His glory bleeds over her arm and into her less worthy soul. 
	Cass warmly smiles and whispers out the corner of his mouth, “You’re going to help me get through this. After all, he's going to be your husband.” 
	Her worth greatly increases as the Captain lowers the heroic medallion around Cass’ neck. Ava’s mouth does not know if it should cry, or remain stuck open in awestruck. Her overwhelming emotions meets somewhere in the middle as her mouth explodes with crying laughter. 
	Rico shakes his head side to side in disbelief. Becky cries to know how this man she calls poppa received those scars. She also cries to know how this awesome man would care to love her so unconditionally. 
	Cass; he just stands in the middle of the frantic sounds of celebration, watching the captain “clapping” in front of him. Embarrassed Cass considers this way too much unnecessary 
“hoopla.” Yet, he respects all their wishes. 
	Captain Black whispers, “May I have the privilege of shaking your hand?” 
	Cass obliges as the captain yells over top the celebration, “Give the order to dismiss!” 
	The captain’s face again joins the family; this time the formality is replaced with his first real smile. 
	He tells Ava, “I’ll meet up with you later.” 
	Captain Black quickly kisses Ava’s cheek before turning towards his ship. 
	The Captain’s presence is replaced by the pressing crowd of well wishers. Cass walks the ceremonial gauntlet between the congratulating shoulder patting, thankful back pounding, and attempted handshakes being shoved in front of him. Cass wishes he could hide his face below the crowd and sneak pass. But, the closing crowd, along with his tall stature, won’t allow him to stoop low enough. 
	Ava’s holding hand does comfort him. He watches as Rico valiantly maneuvers his way through the crowd while carrying his sister. He manages to pass the trapped Cass, and then begins politely pushing people aside. The harbor horns continue to “blast” over the dying applause.  
	Cass sees that the captain must have ordered his crew to make a safe passage. Sailors ahead begin popping up amidst the crowd, and then join arms. 
	Rico races into the void and waits. Cass and Ava enter the safe haven. The family quickly rushes away and hides among the unknowing crowd in the market place. They hurry through and exit the other side before they finally attain some resemblance of peace and quiet. 
	The seclusion of the street leading to the cottage brings great relief. They stroll securely home with their protecting hero the rest of the way. 
	The afternoon is left to Cass explaining all his hidden dangerous adventures. His dignified deity is slowly striped away, and replaced by their suspicions. The man they have grown to know is made of flesh and bone. They demand he make all future effort to restrict himself from any risky endeavors. 
	Becky and Ava try and make him promise. 
	Rico just raises his eyebrows. 
	Reluctantly, Cass nods once up and down. 
	Ava and Becky accept his promise with their hugs. Rico knows in his heart Cass lie’s, but he keeps it a secret. Rico instead respects this larger than life man he considers his real father. He nods once into Cass’ staring eyes. This silent pledge confirms their secret. 
	Ava asks, “Who wants lunch?” 
	She proceeds toward the kitchen as her ears are met by three voices, “Yes please.” 
	A more relaxed atmosphere follows them as they enjoy the rest of the day as one large family.         
	The wedding is one for Portugal to remember. Spring’s fragrance drifts through the port of Lisbon. It magically sprinkles its perfume over this warm perfect day. Miss Avery never looked or felt more beautiful. Cass warns her not to step on her long flowing dress, and then winks at her. She warmly smiles at him. 
	The stern captain and the trembling Rico wait patiently in front of a thousand judging eyes. 
	Lovely Ava passes a hundred white suits, and then strolls by hundreds of marveling faces waiting for their turn at a closer look. Every head follows Ava with their undivided attention. 
	Becky’s tenses knees force her to skip in front while sprinkling flower pedals up the long isle of the cathedral.  
	Captain Black never flinches from his formal stance, but his
eyes are lit with desire. 
	The entire cathedral grows silent as Ava reaches the altar. The brilliant robed priest attends to the formalities before Cass gives her away into the happiest day of her life. 
	Rico objects to their sealing kiss of devoted love. He comes to Ava, and then slides over her head an expensive necklace with a beautiful locket. 
	He whispers, “Inside it reads: ‘We love you momma’.” 
	Mrs. Black’s eyes are overwhelmed with joyful tears. 
	Captain Black finally receives his sealing kiss just as the cathedral bells “ring,” and Lisbon’s clock tower “bongs.” 
	Ava kisses all three of them in the midst of her happy crying. She joins her sailor captain in his locked arm embrace. Captain Steven Black shines with his clean white uniform, and “clinks” as he walks with his numerous dangling medals towards the cathedral’s entrance. Applause, weeping, and whistling sailors follow them out the doors of the church. 
	Cass and the children hurry through the side exit, and then race to meet the newlyweds out front.
	Both sides of the street are lined with white living statues. They prevent the curious bystanders a closer look. 
	Captain Black holds the carriage door open allowing his new bride to climb inside. 
	Six white stallions begin “clopping” on the cobblestone street as Unks, Mrs. Guvenossie, Becky, Rico, and Cass stand on the cathedral steps. They watch with thousands of other wandering eyes as this prince and princess disappear through the drifting blossoms of Springtime. This second becomes one more precious memory in the time of their lives. 	
	One year passes beneath the hull of the graceful aging “Virgin Queen.” The infestation of poison floats from the loudmouth across both of the great seas. The Great Lady becomes no match for his storm threatening the entire world. Waves of tension pour over Europe; drowning entire nations. 
	Captain Black is true to his word. He retires and helps his bride in his new endeavor. 
	This year causes Cass to wonder. How long might Mr. Black’s retirement last, and how long will they remain safe in Portugal? 
	Cass thinks about many things as time passes at sea. There is one question that continues to plague him more than any other. 
	“Should I continue in my attempt to hide the love in my heart for Brandy?”  
	He drifts on the sea from port to port, searching for answers that only time can tell. 















































CHAPTER 12: a time forgotten


A cool blanket of fog tucks the natives in this cold damp Christmas night in the paradise port of Nuku Hiva. A tall dark silhouette of a shabby bearded man passes the shops along the empty street. Each light dims as shop keepers close early for the night. The sound of wet leather slaps the slippery stones with each of his lonely steps. He stops a moment to listen to the dripping coming from the rooftops, drenching the cobblestone below. He places his cold hands in his warm pockets while allowing several conversing sailors to pass him by. He waits and listens till the establishment’s door they left out of gradually “creaks” shut. The town returns to its calm quiet sleep. But, in this deafening silence a war exists. It is the sound of battle ragging in his large lonely heart. 
	He slowly passes by the restaurant’s window. Through the veil draped across it he sees one woman inside the dimly lit establishment. He watches her gracefully scrape clean the endless plates she collects from each of the mundane tables. This is not the life either of them imagined. He stands hidden behind the window curtains as he hurts for her. 
	She suddenly becomes aware of his shifting presence. He notices, and then turns away. He stares at her through the sides of his eyes as he slowly begins to walk pass the window. His movement suggests he’s just a passing sailor returning home to his ship. She returns to work cleaning dishes from off tables. He stops at the corner of the shop’s window. Again, he casually peeks inside. He watches her slender fingers pick up the meager tips that sailors left. She places this tiny treasure into the dingy pocket on her apron. It pains him to see how far this stunning queen has fallen. He stares a while as she gracefully dances from table to table removing their remains.  
	She returns to the counter and wipes it. A sudden cold wind sends a shiver down his neck. It causes him to adjust his jacket by shrugging his mighty shoulders up. She “clings” open the cash register while noticing his sudden movement. Fear is her first defense. Slowly, she closes the drawer until it locks shut. Her jutting stare focuses on him, as her suspicious head remains facing downward. Her unusual reaction suggests she is fearful of his presence. He decides this is not the right time. The cold man walks away, taking his rage inside with him. 
	Through the distant mist he hears the voice of an angel call out. 	
	“Were you in need of something?” 
	He stops and wonders if he should respond, or just keep walking off into the thickening fog. 
	She calls again from behind him, “I’m sorry if I scared you. It’s Christmas, and I thought maybe you might want a warm mug of coffee to send you on your way.” 
	He stands frozen facing away. He debates whether to say anything, or if he should just keep walking on. He swipes a tear with his large finger before turning part way around towards her. 
	She stares at his distant silhouette waiting for his response. She notices his head nod slowly up and down once. Her hand opens the shop entrance, causing the door’s bells to “ting.” 
	Her compassionate heart announces, “Merry Christmas. Come on in sailor while I pour you a hot mug.” 
	Her kindness will not go unrewarded. 
	He enters and sees her slim body facing in the opposing direction. Slowly, she pours the steamy sailor’s elixir into a mug. He quietly sits himself at the counter facing her. She turns and slides the mug under his hairy hung head. 
	She replies, “I can’t remember there ever being a cold wet night like this here.” 
	He leans forward and sips, keeping his face downwards.  
	She feels something mysterious about this strange man. 
	She tries to spark a polite conversation by asking, “So, how are you tonight?” 
	He says nothing. He just sips his mug again. 
	In her years as a waitress she has never known a sailor who was not willing to pour out their life story. She figures maybe he’s just cold. 
	She unties her apron as she quickly heads to stoke the dying fire. 
	He cautiously turns his partially concealed face to see her bend into the golden glowing halo surrounding her. As she stands, he shirks his face away and back to sipping. 
	Her heels “tap” back across the stone floor while carrying along her apron and curiosity. She moves in front of him while folding her apron. She sees his mug is nearly empty. So, she does the only kind thing she can imagine on this cold lonely Christmas Eve. She prepares to give him one more present.	
	The beautiful waitress tells the shabby sailor, “You’re going to force me to tell you my life’s story if you don’t say something.” 
	She smiles and pours more coffee into his mug. 
	He pulls himself slightly back and makes one fatal mistake. 	He says, “Thank you.” 
	In this moment, in this second, a rush of memories overtakes her. She drops the hot pot. Her shaking hands try and cover the eruption streaming out her eyes that are careful not to hide her gaze. Her heart knows who this strange man is. 
	She screams, “Cass!” 
	Slowly he lifts his burly bearded face. His searing stare confirms her suspicion. His flaming eyes have been burning in her nightmares giving her eight years of sleepless nights. 
	Frantically, she asks, “Why, why, why?” 
	He sits quietly and thinks maybe he should go. He did not realize how much he hurt her. 
	He begins to stand while whispering, “Maybe I should come another time.” 
	Her trembling hand is quick to snatch his. 
	He humbly gazes at her quivering lips, and obeys the command of her hand to stay. 
	He turns back towards her and says, “Believe me Brandy, I did not mean to hurt you. I just thought it was best to give you a better life than the one I could give.” 
	His glassy eyes feel her years of pain. He attempts to gently retrieve his trembling hand, but she refuses to let go. 
	Beautiful Brandy stands before him with her burning stare. Nothing is said that the ear can hear. Instead, eight years of lonely emptiness is gradually replaced with the touch from that part of their missing halves. 
	“Blast you Casanova Rouseco, ship’s mate second class of the 'Virgin Queen'!” 
	Her detailed recollection warns him to be silent. 
	“I don’t care if you love the sea. Can’t you tell you blasted fool! I’ve been waiting for you!” 
	She screams and cries out, “And, I will always, always wait for you!” 
	Her excited state causes her legs to go out from under her. 
	He snatches and catches her. He leans his tall body over the counter and lifts her gently into the air. Brandy is defenseless to the power he has over her. He pulls her in from over-top the counter, and then twirls her effortlessly under his swirling beard. 
	“By the way, I’m first class now.” 
	Her confused crying mixes with her overwhelming joy. She laughs and cries in the same breath as the warm red glow of the fire overtakes them. She stares into his longing eyes like she never has. 	
	She slides aside his beard while saying, “Merry Christmas sailor.” 
	She shakes her elated head side to side, and then kisses him the way a sailor has never been kissed before. She pulls back long enough to catch her breath. 
	Softly she whispers, “Merry Christmas, Christmas present.” 	
	She passionately kisses him once more. This time, it’s much, much slower. 
	They spend those precious remaining hours of the Christmas morning by the fireplace drinking many mugs of coffee. Not once do they dare entertain the thought of ever letting go in their embrace. She leans against him as she holds his arm. He leans against her as he holds her heart. She emphatically hinges on every word as he recounts eight years worth of his adventures. She is captivated by his heroics, and soothed by his endearing voice. As his stories finish, she begins to explain everything that’s happened to her in this last eight long years. Her adventure is not so exotic. But, Cass is fascinated to share in her joy and pain. She tinkers with the locket that still hangs around her neck as the morning light peeks over them. 
	A knock on the window alerts them of a possible patron. Brandy turns to see the weary sailor wearing “garland” around his neck. She smiles at Cass with those eyes that could steal a sailor from the sea. Both suddenly realize the appropriate time has come to open shop. Cass knows this is also the appropriate time to ask Brandy. 	
	Cass reaches into his pocket and incidentally nudges her warm body slightly away. He slides down from the sofa and faces her. She stares inquisitively into his most sincere eyes. 
	Nervously, he asks, “Might such a fine woman with such beautiful blue eyes ever consider spending the rest of her life with a salty sailor with so very, very little to offer?” 
	Slowly she pans her face side to side as her tingling hand covers her mouth. These are the words she never thought she would ever hear. These are the words that have tortured her so many sleepless nights. It is the unobtainable dream happening suddenly right in front of her. The flame in her blue red ravenous eyes begins to fiercely shake up and down. 
	“Yes, Cass,” with her “crackling” elated voice, “Yes, I most certainly will.” 
	Their bodies join once more to share this eternal second, completing that one love of a lifetime. 
	Christmas day, Cass finds a most willing reverend to marry them, or one that’s possibly intimidated by Cass’ sheer size and ferocious request. 
	The following days are for packing all of Brandy’s memories left by her rich heritage into several large travel trunks. She decides to share the only place Cass has ever really known as home; besides the “Virgin Queen.” 
	Cass wires Unks of his new devotion and next destination. 
	The newlywed couple are given a French Polynesian “bon voyage” aboard the “Lord Byron.” The smiling captain is more than happy to lend them assistance. Not only does he promptly arrive, answering Cass’ urgent request, he also gives them a full fledged fancy send off. He “toots” the steam whistle and “blows” the horn as he steers the flower covered flotilla away from the cheering port. The crew “claps” as Cass and Brandy wave to those memories they leave behind.
	Captain Alexander Trousi leisurely maneuvers the “Lord Byron” through the warmest waters along the voyage. The days are sunny and warm, and the star lit nights are romantic once more. The crew remains hid under the captain’s order. But, a set of occasional wondering eyes can be found peeking around towards the “stern” of the ship; reserved for the privacy of the “honeymooning” couple. 
	The clean shaven Cass holds his smiling Brandy in his arms as they pass many scenic wonders. The tour is personally arranged by the captain for their viewing pleasure. The cook has also been ordered to provide special attention to their dinning pleasure. Every moment is one they’ve always dreamed it would be. Every day is breathtaking. And, every night is oh so romantic. But, the days and nights soon become too precious and few. 
	Cass leaves his beautiful bride standing alongside Uncle Jared and Mrs. Lucy. They all wave their perfect farewell to him. This sight is what you might call a “picture perfect postcard.” Cass turns away and proceeds to take this memory with him to the sea. He stops and looks back over his shoulder and sees the presence of momma standing on the porch. 
	Brandy holds up their little son Val to remind him of what waits for him at home. He blows them a final kiss and waves to them before turning into the gentle fresh breeze. 
	Suddenly, Cass feels the overpowering warmth of the Sun kissing his face. Somehow he knows this is momma’s wedding gift. He can feel her warm loving lips touching his cheeks once more.   
	As I close this chapter of my nephew’s life, I will not say this story’s over. Many things are still to be said. Cass will sail many seas and have many more heroic adventures; unnerving his dear Uncle Jared. But, he makes sure to always return home in one piece. 	
	Mrs. Brandy Rouseco has become little Valentino’s teacher. It seems the school’s instructors proclaim he is nothing but a “doting day dreamer.” His momma loves him like no other momma has; except-maybe one other. She teaches him of the most important things in life while using nature as her classroom. At night, she tells him stories filled with romance, impossible acts of heroism, and-most importantly-ones filled with great adventures. 
	His favorite bedtime story is the one that grandma made so many years ago. Val drifts off in Brandy’s arms as she kisses her darling prince twice “goodnight.” Once is for momma, and the second is for their “Knight in shining armor.” Her stories help keep little Val’s dreamy mind satisfied. But, there is nothing to compare to the glow on his face when he receives word his poppa is returning from the sea. For, he is truly a sailor's story that is larger than life itself.	
	Mr. and Mrs. Black are now known as Uncle Steven and Aunt Ava in the many postcards they send to Cass; which he forwards home to Brandy. Rico and Becky are well taken care of, and they make sure to write their new cousin often. They send him pictures, trinkets, and toys from Portugal. Cass stops and see them when the “Virgin Queen” is anywhere near Lisbon. 
	Miss Margaret has become an author of adventure stories. Cass’ visits are far fewer than they use to be, but he always has time to share a cup of coffee and a sailor’s story once a year or so. She too has found someone wonderful to share her life and heart with. Her enticing chain of bookshops are spreading like a romantic fever. She has taken a lesson from Ava by using the same ambiance in her stores' design. 
	As for Ava; Mr. Black and her have ventured to expand their booming enterprise beyond the shores of Lisbon with all the bounty they’ve earned. They have plans to visit Cass and the family this Christmas. They want to finally meet Cass’ beautiful bride and handsome new son. They also wish to look for a place to start another “Port of Sea” in America. They look forward to bringing the whole family along. 
	This is a welcome journey to Cass’ ears. The German bigmouth has started war that threatens to suck in all of Europe. Cass hopes Uncle Steve and Aunt Ava might decide to stay and live in America when they come to visit.
	Isabella and Sherry fight over Rico, whom makes it a point to stop in and receive his complimentary pastry every morning. Well, maybe not free. He always repays them with his personal pretty compliment. Both still argue over which one of them it was actually intended for. He laughs his ornery laugh as he leaves; much like the man who sails the sea did. Cass still returns to spend time with him. Alas, Cass has become more of a dear mentoring brother than the father figure from so many years ago. 
	Becky, she has grown very beautiful. Mr. Black has inherited the curse of “shooing” away men she attracts. Many are much older than she appears to be. She is now sixteen beautiful years of age. She still holds her girlish giggle that Ava and Steven have grown so fond of hearing. 
	She still whispers to Cass, “I love you poppa,” when he comes to visit. 
	As for the greedy captain and the lovely large Lucy; it seems they had a secret agenda all those years. Captain Ron Dedmen was supplying American allies with cargoes of munitions. This was to help prepare America and her allies before things erupted in Germany. The U.S. Government was not taking the bigmouth’s threats likely. As for the greedy amount of money the Cap was constantly willing to risk our lives for.; it was to fund several failing orphanages. I guess he's not as bad a man as we all imagined. Come to find out, he was an orphan himself. Miss Lucy has become Mrs. Ron Dedmen. Both now live in the “Port of Norris.” Both help run several New Jersey orphanages and help other less fortunate in their community. I guess he is an alright guy after all. 
	Mrs. Guvenossie still goes to church and has Sunday supper with the Black family. That’s when she comes to visit. She is known to stay at her own cottage when she returns to Lisbon several times a year. You see, she got married to some scruffy old captain, and now sails the seas on his adventures. Captain Dedmen was getting too old to handle all the work it takes to keep that bucket of bolts together; respectfully called the “Virgin Queen.” He thought it would be best to share his business-that is, for a percentage of the profits. He thought hard and long on whom might have the years of experience needed to negotiate all those dangerous ports and hard fought contracts. This person also had to posses the leadership skills necessary to maintain a good crew. I think he made the only logical choice. 
	I got to go now; my misses is calling me to supper. If you listen hard you can hear her scold Stymie on how to cook her secret recipes. And, just maybe you can hear her command the new captain of the “Virgin Queen” to wash up before dining. 
	I close by saying, “This surely has been an adventure of a life time.” 
	One last word of knowledge: always wash the ink off your hands when you finish reading a good book, and always do this before eating supper. 
	“I’m coming dear!” 
    
And, all the world was right! 

I dedicate this story to my dear sweet momma, and my giant of a nephew-Jordan! May she rest in Jesus' arms, and God guide him all the days of his life.
ABOUT THE AUTHOR


	I am a retired U.S. Army veteran that has traveled the world. My life experiences help me portray the adventurous side of my life in my writings. Each of these experiences in my life are incorporated in my stories. Most important is my relationship with Christ. I am originally from the historic town of Vineland, which is in southern New Jersey. I now reside in the  quietness of the California Mojave Desert. This place offers solitude. It's a little bit of Hell wrapped in Heaven. Nothing is more beautiful than a desert sunset or the clear dark starry sky. 

You may email me your questions or comments at:
cands54@gmail.com

