
Catching Avery


Copyright 2018 Monica Clayton
Published by M.E. Clayton

All Rights Reserved

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This book is a work of fiction. The entire content is a product of the author’s imagination, and all names, places, businesses, and incidences are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons (living or dead), places or occurrences, is entirely coincidental.

No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any manner, whatsoever, without the express written consent from the author, except in the case of brief quotation embodied in critical articles or reviews.

Formatting: Smashwords
Cover: Adobe Stock

Warning: This book contains sexual situations and other adult themes. Recommended for 18 years of age and over.
Table of Contents
Author's Note
Contact Me
Dedication
Playlist
Prologue
1. Sloth
2. Sloth
3. Sloth
4. Gluttony
5. Gluttony
6. Gluttony
7. Envy
8. Envy
9. Envy
10. Lust
11. Lust
12. Lust
13. Greed
14. Greed
15. Greed
16. Wrath
17. Wrath
18. Wrath
19. Pride
20. Pride
21. Pride
22. Virtue
23. Virtue
24. Virtue
Epilogue
Acknowledgments
About the Author
Other Books
Author’s Note
Just a couple of things before I let you go and get your read on. While I am doing my best to work with better editing and proofreading software, all my books are solo, independent works. I write my books, proofread my books, edit my books, create the covers, etc. I have one beta who gives me feedback on my stories, but other than that, all my books are independent projects.

That being said, I apologize, in advance, for the typos, grammar inconsistencies, or any other mistakes I may make. Since writing is strictly a hobby for me, I haven’t looked into commitments in regard to publishers, editors, etc. My hope is that my stories are enjoyable enough that a few mistakes, here and there, can be overlooked. However, if you’re a stickler for grammar, my books are probably not for you.

Also, I am an avid reader-I mean an AVID reader. I love to read above any other hobby. However, the only downside to my reading obsession is when I fall in love with a series, but I have to wait for the additional books to come out. And because I feel that disappointment down to my soul, when I started publishing my works, I vowed to publish all books in my series all at once. No waiting here…LOL. Now, the exception to that will be if enough readers request additional stories based off the standalone, such as in Facing the Enemy. At that point, if I decide to move forward with a requested series, I will make sure all additional books are available all at once. As much as this is a hobby for me, I am writing these books for all of you, as well as myself.

Thank you, for everything!
Contact Me
I really appreciate you reading my book and I would love to hear from you! Now, unfortunately, because I do have a full-time job, and a family I love spending time with, at this time, I’m afraid it would be very hard for me to maintain a multitude of social media sites. However, for the sites I do participate in, here are my social media coordinates:


Website 


Facebook 


Instagram 


Email 


Newsletter 
Dedication
For my husband – 
You are everything good about Nicholas, Chase, and Julian all rolled into one. You will never know how perfect you are in my eyes. I love you more than you could ever fathom in this life, and the next.
Playlist

Karaoke Night
Shake Your Tail Feather – P. Diddy
2 Of Amerika’s Most Wanted – Tupac and Snoop Dog
24 Karat Magic – Bruno Mars

Nicholas, Chase, Julian Hate-Fest
Trouble – Taylor Swift
Fighter – Christina Aguilera
Problem – Ariana Grande

Avery’s Drive To Isabella’s
Broken – Seether
Emotion – Samantha Sang
Say Goodbye – Jordan Knight ft. Deborah Gibson

Wine Night
Bartender – Lady Antebellum
Same Old Love – Selena Gomez
Love The Way You Lie – Eminem ft. Rhianna

Company Party
Keep It On The Real – 3X Krazy
4 In The Morning – Gwen Stefani
Treasure – Bruno Mars

Epilogue
As Long As You Love Me – Justin Bieber
One Of These Nights – The Eagles
It Will Rain – Bruno Mars
Prologue
The Seven Deadlies.
There's Sloth, Gluttony, Envy, Lust, Greed, Wrath, and Pride.
So, which is the worst?
First, there's Sloth. Being lazy and unproductive can be just as addicting as drugs or gambling. Your mind and body get used to doing nothing, to being nothing. Sloth can make you neglect responsibilities and make you lose value in yourself and others. Laziness can keep you poor, unfit, and a burden on society.
Second, there's Gluttony; over-indulgence. There's a guilty feeling that comes with gluttony. We feel it when we overeat, when we overspend, etc. I think it's safe to say, we've all experienced gluttony at least once in our lives. Gluttony likes to sneak up on you. There's nothing wrong with having just one more slice of pizza...until you find yourself fifty pounds overweight one day, of course. What's the harm in having ten different purses, when you can only carry one at a time? Gluttony will have you overweight and in debt before you even know what’s hit you. The sneaky little bastard!
Then, there's Envy. Envy can keep you from making any real personal connections in life. I mean, how can you really call yourself a friend if you secretly hate whenever one of your friends find good fortune? Envy can make you detest everything you own and have worked hard for. Your car, your house, and your clothes are all perfectly fine...until your neighbor gets a fancier car, bigger house, and designer clothes. Envy can eat you up alive. Envy can turn your soul dark. That's no bueno...no bueno at all.
Now, let's talk about Lust. 
Lust.
Lust is a motherfucker of a sin. Nations topple because of lust. Families are destroyed because of lust. People become diseased because of lust. Lust clouds the best of judgments. But to be fair, can you name one thing-just one thing-that feels better than sex? The feel of a man's hands on your body, the goose bumps you get when his lips touch your skin, the heat you feel when you know he's turned on by you, the power you feel because you know there is nothing that he won't do to satisfy you, that first thrust inside you, and let's not leave out the aria of the entire sexual opera...when he makes you cum. What feels better than that?
Next, there's Greed. Greed can make you shady and underhanded. It can make you so hungry for more, that you go into debt because your neighbors just bought a Lexus, but you're driving a Toyota. Greed tricks you into believing your life is always missing something. It makes you become an episode on Investigation Discovery because you poisoned your husband for his life insurance. Greed has you always feeling empty and, for some, there's almost nothing you won't do to fill that void. When you're greedy, contentment is a false achievement. You will never be satisfied. Never.
Onto Wrath. Wrath is the equivalent to temporary insanity. You can literally lose your mind when you are in a state of wrath. Wrath will have you destroying property, and it can make you verbally and physically abusive. Wrath will have you looking at a life prison sentence because you've gone and murdered someone in the heat of the moment. Wrath will make you unreasonable. Wrath can make you feared by those you love and who love you. Wrath can consume your soul. It's mind-numbing to all things good and peaceful. Wrath is a true monster with no rationale. Wrath can destroy everything good in your life.
Finally, we have Pride. Pride, pride, pride, pride, pride...it sure is a nasty little guy. Pride can cause an insurmountable amount of pain. It keeps you from saying sorry when you really should. It is the largest killer of relationships around. It makes life harder because you refuse to ask for help. And it kills love because you cannot bring yourself to forgive. A lot of people can forgive mistakes, but when all you can think about is how that mistake made you look stupid? Lying, infidelity, neglect…all that can be worked through. Humiliation, not so much. Pride can make you walk away from the best thing that has ever happened to you. It can also make you lonelier than you have ever been.
So, let me introduce myself...
My name is Avery Christine Ellis, and this is a little story about how my night out with the girls was interrupted by these seven sonsofbitches and turned my existence into a Lifetime made for T.V. movie event.
Chapter 1
Sloth: Because when it's Friday and you work for a complete asshat,
all you want to do is go home and do nothing.

Avery~
I loved my job.
Really, I did.
My boss? Not so much.
My job would be perfect if not for him.
I was one of many administrative assistants who worked for SMA Global, Inc. SMA was one of the top ten investment firms in the world and was founded by Nicholas Savage, Julian Moretti, and Chase Alexander about ten years ago. The company’s reputation as a money maker had spread quickly, and within six years, SMA had cemented itself as a financial powerhouse.
The story went that they were childhood friends-like kindergarten childhood friends-from Oakland, California. They had grown up in one of the roughest neighborhoods around, and at the ripe old ages of sixteen, they had made a pact to become better than how they’d been raised. Nicholas was the investment genius, Julian was the financial guru, and Chase was the client magnet. 
All three were very much a mystery as far as their personal lives were concerned, though. If you were to look up any of their interviews or public speeches, you wouldn’t be able to find any mention of their families or details about their younger years. During an early interview with Chase Alexander, he’d been asked why none of them ever spoke about anything before the birth of SMA Global, Inc. His simple response had been, ‘The only time anyone cares about anything that has to do with us is when we’re making them money. We couldn't make anyone money before SMA, so why talk about it?’
That had shut the reporter up.
It was rumored that Nicholas once told a reported to, ‘Take that sheet of questions you have in your hand, roll it up, and shove it up your ass sideways’. Supposedly, they didn’t agree to any interviews anymore, unless it was contractually stipulated that no personal questions were to be asked, and Julian Moretti rarely conducts any interviews at all. Made you wonder what the hell their childhoods were like. At least, it made me wonder.
And then there's also the fact that all three of them were gorgeous as sin.
I. Mean. Gorgeous.
It was truly unfair for people to be that beautiful. I mean, have you ever seen someone so stunning that you were struck dumb by their beauty? How in the hell were us average humans supposed to behave when we come across these earthbound gods? I was usually a bumbling idiot when in the presence of such greatness. I mean, what did you expect, really? I had been taught that staring was rude, but c’mon, cut a girl a little slack here. If it weren’t for the laws of society, I’d be all over those beautiful strangers. I swear society’s rules existed just to keep us from making new friends.
But even in the company of The Beautiful People, those three men would still stand out. They were all well over six-feet tall with Julian Moretti being just an inch or so taller. Nicholas Savage had dark brown hair with eyes the exact same shade, and the color reminded me of melted chocolate. Julian Moretti had inky black hair with hazel eyes that burned with seriousness. And Chase Alexander had mocha coffee-colored hair with bright blue eyes that sparkled with cockiness. And while I’ve never seen any of them in anything other than a suit, they sure filled the hell out of those expensive suits. 
The three of them often decorated the covers of financial and business magazines, and I’d be lying if I said I’ve never been tempted to wallpaper my bedroom with those covers. Individually, they came off as intimidating and powerful, but when they were all together-fan yourselves, ladies-it was like mortals gazing upon the Gods of Olympus. They were hot as hell.
However, it wasn’t any of them three that made me want to slit my wrists by noon. I wasn’t that high up on the food chain to work directly for any of them. They were my boss' boss' bosses. And my direct boss was a one-of-a-kind douche canoe.
One. Of. A. Kind.
William Spillner was his given name, but you could call him The Billster if you so choose. Yes-The Billster. Of course, unless Mr. Savage, Mr. Moretti, or Mr. Alexander were around, then he was William or Mr. Spillner. He had short man syndrome to the point where-I may not have a PH.D.-but even I knew when a person was in dire need of professional couch time. He was that bully who thought his position as boss made him more attractive than he really was. Of course, it would help if he were any kind of attractive to begin with, but he wasn’t. At least, not to me. I preferred my men to not be short, slimy, and lazy.
That's just me, though.
Mr. Spillner was five-foot-six on a good day and had the beginnings of a potbelly with no wife’s home-cooking to blame it on. He was forty-two and already going bald which wouldn't be bad if he just let himself go bald. Instead, he was holding onto his remaining hair with a vengeance. It looked like someone tried to attach a layer of blonde weave to the middle of his bald head. It looked ridiculous.
I wasn’t sure how he got his job with SMA, but he must be smart as hell behind the scenes because I wasn’t seeing anything else remotely appealing about the fool. I have been working for Mr. Douche Canoe for a little over three years and why am I still here, you ask? Because the pay, even at my level, was enough to live comfortably on, the benefits were great, I worked Monday through Friday with the prefect hours, and the company had such a strong, positive reputation that I felt proud telling people I worked for SMA Global, Inc. The work was challenging, and I felt like I was good at my job. Or, at least, no one has ever told me otherwise.
Now, Douche Canoe’s boss was Ian James, and while I didn’t come across him often, his reputation was that of a fair and hardworking division manager. He was reportedly quiet and level-headed. While it hasn't happened yet, if Mr. Spillner ever did cross the line, I felt confident that I'd be able to go to Mr. James and report him. Why some of these other women working under Mr. Spillner haven't reported him, I had no idea.
So, here it was, three in the afternoon on Friday and Douche Canoe has been on my helmet all week. All I wanted to do was go home, eat dinner, take a bubble bath, be in a pair of pajama pants by seven, and then finish reading Eleventh Grave in Moonlight. Hopefully, I can fall asleep with the book still in my hand (yes, I still buy hard copy books) and not wake up until ten on Saturday. I wanted to be lazy.
Laaazzzyyyy.
“Hey, Hooker.” I looked up to see one of my best friends peeking her head over my cubicle partition, easing all thoughts of The Billster from my mind.
“What up, Hoe?” I automatically replied and Quinn rewarded me with a big, cheesy grin.
Quinn Erickson had become my lifeline when I had started working for SMA. On day one, she had taken me under her wing and had shown me all those little things that no one thinks to tell you. She had shown me all the tricks to the copy machines, how to hide my lunch, so that no one stole my good snacks, how to screen unwanted calls, how to work the fancy, degree-needing coffee machine...you know, the important stuff.
She was also a knockout, and she didn’t rub it in your face. She was five-foot-five with a natural head of straight, shoulder-length light brown hair that she dyed whichever color or colors she was feeling at the time. Currently, she was rocking her natural light brown with what she called Dodger Blue peek-a-boo highlights underneath. She had big, doe-like brown eyes with perfectly arched eyebrows, a cute button nose with beautiful lips that were almost always smiling, and porcelain skin that was lightly sprinkled with freckles. She was a dedicated kickboxing fan and it showed as her body was slender and toned.
She was funny, wild, compassionate, and didn’t take life too seriously. She was just all around perfect. I totally planned to spend the rest of my life with her if I ever get past my prime and never find a husband. We'll grow old together and share our golden years with each other and our cats…lots and lots of cats. My life's Plan B rocked.
“You're going to have to stand your book and bathtub up tonight. We’re going to go out tonight, Ace,” she announced, effectively putting my plans to be lazy on hold.
I didn’t look up from my computer. I wasn’t going to let her use her weaponized doe eyes on me. “Uh, no,” I retorted. “I know you can’t understand, what with your judgmental ways and all, but my ménage relationship with my books and bathtub is what real love is meant to be. I will not let you come between us.” I kept typing away on my computer. “You don’t have to approve but I won’t let you drive a wedge between us, either.”
I could feel her rolling her eyes. “I wouldn’t dream of it,” she lied. “However, if they cannot survive one night without you, how strong is your relationship really?”
My eyes shot up and I gasped, “How dare you, ma’am?”
“I dare because we haven’t gone out in months and I need to get laid, Ace,” she said as she explained her daring ways. “And when I say laid, I mean by a real live male person and not a book boyfriend while my hand is down my panties.”
“Total visual I could have done without, thank you.” I shook my head to try to rid myself of her rather graphic image.
“The point iiisss that while I respect how faithful you are to your books and bathtub, I’m pulling the friend card and we are going out tonight,” she insisted.
She was standing against my cubicle wall with her arms folded over the top, looking absolutely forlorn. While Quinn didn’t have them often, she didn’t have anything against one-night stands. Her stance was that as long as no one was married and the sex was safe and consensual, then there was no harm in ‘de-stressing’. “What’s in it for me?”
Her big, chocolate eyes rounded as she answered, “How about your best friend’s sexual happiness, you hoebag?”
She had a point. I did care about my friends’ happiness. “Did you call Izzy already?”
“Pfft, of course.” She flapped a hand at me. “If I couldn’t guilt trip you into going, I needed her to help me peer pressure you,” Quinn reasoned.
Isabella, Izzy, or Iz was our other friend that made up our quirky little trio. She had adopted us two years ago when Quinn and I had run into her on the busy sidewalk of Santa Teresa Boulevard. Like, seriously run into her. She had been rushing to work with her hands full with a four-cup coffee carrier when not any one of us had been paying attention to where we’d been going and-crash-all three of us had ended up sprawled out on our asses covered in frappomochadecafawhatever. Izzy had looked so horrified, and then shocked when Quinn and I had started laughing our asses off. Between our bouts of laughter, we had managed to ask Iz if she were okay. She had been so thankful that we had turned out to be unbalanced crazies instead of uptight bitches, that she had proclaimed we were going to be her new best friends. However, I didn’t think she was prepared for how crazy we actually were. Well, Quinn, at any rate.
We’ve been great friends ever since.
“Okay, so where are we going?” I absolutely did not want to go club hopping. I wasn’t mentally prepared for that lively a night.
Quinn smiled, and let me tell you, Quinn’s smile-her genuine smile-could end wars. While her face was perfection, her smile was breathtaking. “Okay, so there’s this new lounge called Xavier’s and it’s supposed to be a class act. We can go, have a couple of drinks, and if I don’t see anything I like, we can try Calico’s. If that’s a bust, I promise we’ll head home.”
“Oh, alright,” I conceded. Truth be told, it had been a long time since we’d all gotten together and have actually gone out. We weren’t even thirty yet and already we were heading towards a Bingo-living life.
Quinn started clapping her hands. “Yay! We’ll meet at Izzy’s around six. That’s early enough to get a few drinks in us and still make it around to Calico’s if Xavier’s blows.”
“Fine.” I waved her away. “Now get going, so I can close up this sweat shop that is my cubicle and we can get this night started.”
After Quinn sauntered off, I started to close down my computer and put my stuff away for the day. I was a public transportation type of girl. Whether it be cabs, Ubers, trains, buses, whatever…I preferred it over driving. I owned a car but only used it in the event of an emergency or traveling outside of San Jose, so it stayed parked in the parking spot assigned to my apartment in the building I lived in. I lived ten blocks away from SMA Global, Inc.’s home office on Hostetter. I often walked, and on the rare occasions when I worked late, SMA had a car service for such occurrences. There was a strict policy that no employees were to struggle for a ride home if they were required to work into the night.
I thought that was awesome.
A half-hour walk later, I was heading up the steps to my apartment building. I lived in a well enough neighborhood, but the building I lived in still had a security gate where you needed to be buzzed in if you weren’t a tenant or had the code to get in. I didn’t really consider it a safety feature when any of the tenants could give out the code to whomever they chose. Case in point, Q and Iz both had the code. However, before you judge me on my lack of respect for safety, know that Quinn and Isabella have never murdered anyone. The only thing they have ever killed was great music when we were drunk enough to karaoke; talk about something being slaughtered. Of course, I’ve only known Q for three years and Iz for two, so who knows what they’ve done before then. Still, the past was the past, right?
Besides, if I ever needed to bury a body, it’d be comforting to know that one of them, if not both, had experience with this sort of thing.

*****

Nicholas~
I had already put in over fifty hours at the office this week, so the last thing I wanted to do was go drinking at some annoying hipster watering hole. Sure, Chase had assured me that this new place was hipster-free, but it wouldn’t be the first time Chase has misled me, so that he could get some pussy.
Now, don’t get me wrong here. I enjoyed getting laid just as well as the next guy, it just wasn’t as much of a priority to me as it was to Chase. If a woman came on to me and I was in need, then I went with it. However, no-strings-attached women were hard to find, and I just flat out worked too many hours to be a decent boyfriend to anyone. Therefore, I didn’t bother putting in the effort outside of one-night stands.
The door to my office opened without a knock, so it could only be one of two people, Chase or Julian. Julian strolled into my office like someone who knew he could. “I think I’m going to stick with club soda this evening.”
I looked up from the Wall Street financial reports I was reviewing and chuckled at one of my best friends. “Why?”
“I swear, Sav, if I overhear one more inappropriate comment out of that twit, Spillner, there’s going to be a court date in my future.” Julian plopped down on the leather couch that occupied the left side of my office.
“Jesus. What did that fool say now?” William Spillner was a division manager in SMA’s accounting department. On paper, he was everything we looked for in a manager and his interview with our former H.R. Manager had gone extremely well by his accounts. William’s been with the company a little over six years, but it hasn’t been until recently that we’ve been hearing whispers of inappropriate behavior.
The first time we heard something, we immediately had our current H.R. Manager, Cynthia Giles, do an investigation on him. After a month, she had come back and said she couldn’t report anything definitive about his conduct. Most of the women who worked with him had confirmed no wrongdoing. The only two women who had commented on his behavior had played it off and had claimed no offense in the least.
We had also contacted his immediate boss, Ian James, and had shared our concerns with him. He had assured us that, moving forward, he would pay special attention to anything that struck him as odd. And because Ian was a stand-up guy, we knew he wouldn’t hesitate to do the right thing. 
The corporate world was a vicious one, and as ruthless as we have been and could be, there was one thing Chase, Julian, and I didn’t bend on, and that was how we treated our female employees. Every woman alive was either a wife, daughter, mother, or sister to someone, and while I didn’t have a sister and my mother could burn in hell, I knew what I would do if anyone ever mistreated my wife or daughter-if I ever got myself a wife, so that she could give me a daughter, that is.
“I was just outside the executive break room on the fourth floor, and I overheard someone say, and I quote, ‘How are we expected to work around here when there’s so much prime pussy walking up and down these halls?’. It sounded just like Spillner, but when I walked in, all conversation stopped.” Julian laid himself out on the couch until he was sprawled across it which wasn’t an easy feat as big as he was.
I swiveled my chair to face the couch. Leaning back, I asked, “Did you address the remark?”
Julian sighed. “Of course, I did.” Julian threw his arm over his eyes as if he were about to take a nap. “As a matter of fact, I may be called into H.R. next week.”
It wouldn’t be the first time.
Chase and I were still working with Julian on his people skills. All these years later, still hasn’t mastered how to choose his words wisely. A lot of people thought he was the moody, quiet type when, in actuality, Julian just felt it was easier to not say anything rather than deal with the hassle of offending people. Julian didn’t suffer fools gladly.
“What did you say to earn you a trip to the principal’s office this time?”
“I may have said something to the effect of missing the memo where we’re allowed to bring our pets to work because, surely, that’s the pussy they were referring to. And that if it wasn’t, it had better be moving forward,” he answered.
I really couldn’t fault Julian. I wasn’t sure I would have handled it any better and I know for sure Chase wouldn’t have. “How did they respond?”
He lifted his arm a bit and picked his head up to look at me. “How do you think?” He dropped his head and arm back down. “Ha-ha, oh, Mr. Moretti, just joking, blah, blah, blah, whatever. The thing is that I know it was Spillner’s voice, but they all played it off.” Julian let out another sigh. “I just hope we can get this fucker before he costs us a lawsuit or before I go to jail for fucking him up.”
Me, too.
“Maybe you need more than club soda tonight. Actual alcohol might mellow you out,” I suggested.
“Maybe. Or maybe Chase is right and we’re overdue. God knows a good fuck would definitely calm me the hell down.”
I tried to think back on the last time I had sex, and admittedly, it’s been a few weeks. “Maybe, but don’t ever let Chase know that.”
Julian finally sat up with a laugh. “I’m sure the fuck not telling him he’s right when it comes to anything relating to women,” he agreed.
“No shit. There’d be no living with him after that.”
Getting up off the couch, Julian headed for the door to leave. He looked back with one hand on the doorknob. “Okay, so see you at Xavier’s at seven?”
“Yeah, I’ll be there.”
“And you’re right. I don’t think club soda’s going to cut it.” Julian shut the door behind him.
I tried to get back to the financial reports I had been working on before Julian’s little interruption, but my mind kept wandering back to what tonight could possibly bring. I couldn’t argue that all three of us have been putting in more hours than usual and were in dire need of a break, but it was hard to balance life and work when other competitors were always nipping at your heels. Someone was always out to get you-always.
Julian, Chase, and I had grown up in Oakland, California, or more specifically, around the Deep East on High Street. Every day had been a struggle and it hadn’t helped that we had been the epitome of children growing up in the ghetto. The entire neighborhood damn near had been. Still, believe it or not, growing up in a poor neighborhood educated you in ways you wouldn’t realize until you were older. You learned what it was to truly be loyal. You learned what it was to truly feel fear. You learned what it was to truly understand sacrifice. You learned what it was to truly be honest. You learned what it was to truly experience gratefulness. And my personal favorite, you learned how it was to know who was fake and who was genuinely real.
Knowing the difference between fake and real people was what was at the heart of SMA’s success. Growing up in a poor, violent neighborhood, you had to learn how to judge people and situations. More often than not, your life could depend on that one skill alone. We were all pretty good with assessing people, but Chase was the better of us three, hands downs. We held on tight to SMA because we owed our lives to it. The concept had been born in the minds of invincible sixteen-year-olds and it had held our hands through the roughest of times. SMA Global was our saving grace, and we poured our souls into it every day to make sure it won’t ever fail it. Once SMA had become sustainable, we had moved forward and never looked back. The only two reasons we ever went back to Oakland were business and to attend Raiders’ home games. Chase had moved his mother and brother out of Oakland within the first year of SMA’s success, and they had been the only people worth keeping ties with.
I was an only child and thank fuck for that. My mother had been a stereotypical crack whore, but she hadn’t been a complete degenerate. She had managed to keep herself from being homeless, and she had managed to hold down a job. However, she hadn’t been shy about her drug use, and she sure as fuck hadn’t been shy about having male company all the time. When I’d finally been old enough to realize what my mother was and what she did, it had destroyed everything young inside of me. Little boys’ moms were supposed to be beautiful and loving, sacrificing and loyal. Hell, before I knew her to be the monster that she was, I hadn’t cared that my father had split. My mom had been enough. However, that had all come to a stop the day I had walked into our house after school to a full-blown drug-fueled orgy. I remember running out the front door, throwing up in the yard, and then running all the way to Chase’s house.
I ended up not going home for three days and my mother hadn’t even noticed. I had been ten-years-old, and from that day forward, I had spent as much time as I could at Chase’s, and I thanked God every time I’d been able to spend time there.
After that day, my mother and I had become more like roommates. I left her alone, and unless she was on one, she left me alone. She’d had no conscience when it came to her only child, and she’d had no concern for how her lifestyle was shaping me. If anyone asked me today, I couldn’t tell them if she were alive or dead, and I didn’t care either way as long as she left me the fuck alone.
Chase and Julian hadn’t fare much better. I would guess that Chase had it the best out of all of us. His mom, Teresa, was a sweet, giving soul. Unfortunately for Chase, she had also been weak. His father had cheated on her and had beaten her on a regular basis. Chase even had a half-sister somewhere, though he never cultivated a relationship with her. 
Growing up, Chase had tried to get his mom to leave his dad all the time, but she would never go for it. The only thing Chase was ever able to do for her back then was, when he had gotten old enough, he had finally been able to put himself between his mother and father, and his father had stopped beating her. At least, until Chase had moved out at eighteen. After that, the job of protecting her had been left to his sixteen-year-old brother, Kane, who had done a good a job as Chase had. When Chase had moved his mother and Kane to San Jose, he had left his father behind, and last we heard, he was still stuck in the Deep East.
Julian’s childhood had it far worse than the both of us. While my mother’s specialty had been neglect and Chase’s father’s had been abuse, Julian’s mother’s had been neglect, abuse, mental torture, and a whole basket full of other shit. Not only had she gotten off on beating and berating her son, but she had also allowed her boyfriend-of-the-week to beat on him, too. She had been a hateful woman who needed someone to blame for all her lousy life choices and that someone had been Julian. Like me, Julian had always been grateful that he had been an only child. He had always feared that had Sandy ever given him a little brother or sister, he’d have gone to prison protecting them. Where I may be hot-tempered, Julian was violent when provoked. And, yes, there was a difference.
Now, Julian was a big motherfucker, and he had come into his size at fourteen. About a week after his birthday, one of his mom’s boyfriends had tried beating Julian because he drank the last of the milk and it hadn’t gone well…well, for the boyfriend, that is. It had taken his mom jumping on his back and trying to gouge his eyes out to get Julian to stop pounding on the scumbag. However, no one fucked with him again after that. Still, the damage to his soul had already been cemented, and while the physical abuse may have ended, the verbal abuse and neglect had still run strong in his household.
We had known our futures were bleak and we had known we couldn’t keep going the way we were going. So, at the wise, old ages of sixteen, we had each gotten part-time jobs and had put all our extra time into actually using school for what it was intended and learned all we could about economics, finance, and the stock market. We had been able to save all the money from our jobs-because we had lied and said we were working for school credit and not actual money-and the day Chase had turned eighteen, we had pooled together every dime we had ever made and had invested it under Chase’s name. We ended up making twenty thousand dollars off that first initial investment and the rest was history.
And ten years later, there was nothing I wouldn’t do for those two men. Including going to a hipster watering hole so that Chase could get laid.
Chapter 2
Sloth: Because if I’m not on a mission to get laid (like some people I know),
why aren’t sweats and a t-shirt acceptable attire?

Avery~
After I’d gotten home, I had made a quick dinner of boxed lasagna because, until a family came into the picture, boxed dinners worked just fine for my life. Once I cleaned up dinner, I didn’t have time for that bubble bath I had been wanting, so I had cheated on my tub with my shower.
Goddamn Quinn.
Now, I usually wasn’t big on caring what people thought, and while I wasn’t the stunner Quinn was or matched the beauty that Izzy had, I wasn’t entirely hopeless. I had black hair down to my waist that had a natural curl. I loved that about my hair because, if I was in a hurry, my hair curling itself helped give me the look that I had actually taken some time with my appearance, and the natural curl helped with the messy bun look. I loved the messy bun look. I wasn’t tall at all. In fact, I was shorter than Q with my five-foot-three-inches, but that’s what heels were for. There wasn’t anything fabulous about my figure, either. I was so adequately proportioned that nothing about my body stood out. I had decent sized boobs and hips, and as long as I could be identified as a female, I was happy. The only odd thing about me were my eyes, and they sort of gave me a minor complex. They were this weird sort of silver color.
Yep. Silver.
Not a normal grey like most human beings, but a metallic-looking silver. People always asked me if they were contacts and when I would say they weren’t, they always looked at me like I was an alien life form-or a liar. I started letting people just believe they were contacts. It made me feel less self-conscious that way. They sat below dark brows that by the grace of God didn’t need plucking, and the rest of my face was rather unremarkable. Normal slender nose, pink cheeks, full lips, and a slight tan complexion made up what was Avery Christine Ellis. Thankfully, I wasn’t one of those women who worried about every little imperfection; I wasn’t beautiful, but I wasn’t ugly, either.
Once my hair and makeup were completed, I went to my closet to find the perfect outfit. I didn’t overdo it with the makeup since I was there for moral one-night stand support only and wasn’t actually looking to get some vagina love. Some eyeliner, mascara, and lip gloss were enough to do the job. I didn’t realize how sad the state of my social life had become until I saw that all my going out clothes were hidden behind the stay-at-home t-shirts, lounge dresses, and work outfits. But in all honesty, why couldn’t I wear sweats and a t-shirt if I weren’t the one looking to get laid?
After twenty minutes of sifting through my closet, I finally settled on a nice pair of black hip-hugger jeans and a button-up charcoal grey short sleeve blouse. I finished off the look with a pair of black four-inch heeled ankle cut boots. Casual enough for an after-work lounge, but stylish enough for Calico’s if need be.
I left my hair down and let it do its thing. I threw a clip in my purse just in case I decided to get drunk later. Being the evil genius that I was, I always carried a clip in my purse in case I found myself hugging the toilet when I got home. Being single, I lost out on those special moments when the man you loved had to hold your hair back while you puked out tequila shots.
I decided to take a cab to Izzy’s, and while I knew public transportation could add up, it was just so much easier than driving. Jesus, I was pretty sure that I really needed to re-evaluate my level of slothiness. I was starting to wonder if I was reaching intervention status.
While Quinn and I both lived fairly close to SMA Global, Izzy lived about a fifteen-minute cab ride away on Junipero. I texted both ladies that I was on my way, so using her genius math skills, Q opened up the door right as I was lifting my arm to knock. Full disclosure, it could also have been my hollering ‘I’m here, bitches’ as I was walking up to the door that clued her in on my arrival.
“You guys just about ready,” I asked, walking in, then heading towards the kitchen.
“Yeah, Iz is throwing crap in her purse, and then we can be on our way.”
I followed Quinn towards the kitchen bar and saw that there was already a bottle of wine open. “Getting a head start?”
“Don’t judge.” Q sat down next to me and took another drink from her wine glass that had been sitting on the bar. “Don’t forget, while you were hidden away safely in your cubicle all week, I actually had to sit in Douche Canoe’s office for three different conference calls this week, and he sat next to me for one of them.”
“Okay, you got me there. Drink away. As a matter of fact, let me get you another glass. That’s a double fisting kind of week,” I sympathized.
“Who’s being double fisted?” Izzy asked as she came out of her bedroom looking directly at Quinn.
Isabella lived in a two-bedroom condo which was very sleek, but cozy. So, while she’d been in her bedroom, it still hadn’t been too difficult to overhear us from the kitchen. The condo consisted of one bedroom with an adjoining bathroom. The kitchen and living room were separated by the kitchen bar where we were currently sitting at. Izzy had a small extra bedroom that she had turned into an office space. And while the condo didn’t have many rooms, the rooms it did have were spacious. The décor was very classy and reflected Izzy’s tasteful nature. Her bedroom, however, was where you could see the real Iz. It was the only room that didn’t have matching furniture and was all cozy chaos.
“What the hell? Why are you looking at me when you ask a question like that?” Q countered, clearly offended but not really.
Izzy rolled her eyes. “Oh, puhleeease, because I know for a fact Ace isn’t getting fisted, doubly or otherwise.”
I jumped up off the barstool as I objected to her slanderous remark. “Hey? How do you know I’m not getting fisted?”
Izzy raised one perfectly arched brow. “Because in the two years that I have known you, every sex story you’ve ever shared with us has been rated PG-13, that’s how,” she retorted.
“Really, PG-13?’ I asked incredulously. “I’ll have you know, while there have only been two or three, nudity has been involved in all of my sexual encounters, so that calls for at least an R-rating.” PG-13 my ass.
“It’s 2018, Ace. You can damn near find nudity on Sesame Street. Your sex life is so rated PG-13,” Quinn quipped as Isabella nodded her agreement while she started putting away the wine.
“Okay, Q, finish drinking that glass up, so we can go.” Izzy finished off her glass, prompting Quinn to do the same.
I side-eyed the whores as I said, “Fine, but I’ll have you judgmental barracudas know that I can get kinky. I just haven’t met a man who brings it out in me yet.” Little did they know, I longed to get kinked on. And just like most women who have ever read a romance novel, I wanted that sexually perfect guy to do it. However, not all guys were cut out to be sexual superheroes. There was an art to being forceful and talking dirty in bed. If the guy was playing a part, it could end in a fit of giggles and an orgasmless disaster. Trust me. Unfortunately, I knew from experience.
“Of course, we know you’re a sexual dynamo, Ace. I’m completely jealous.” Izzy deadpanned as she delivered that little gem of sarcasm. She didn’t even bother looking at me as she looked around her condo to make sure everything was good to go before we left.
“Fuck the both of you.”
Q started laughing. “Okay, okay. Let’s make a deal then, and-”
“I’m all ears,” Iz said, already agreeing.
“Sweet Jesus,” I groaned.
“I propose that whoever gets lucky tonight has to take the guy home, or wherever, and live out one or all of her sexual fantasies.” Quinn smiled, all proud of her insane idea. Take note folks, this was the sort of thing that happened when you hung out with insane people; they offered up insane ideas.
Izzy was quick with her response. “I’m down, but I’ll need to bring a bigger purse for all my props.”
“Seriously, Iz?” I asked. “You’re supposed to be the sweet, quiet one. Also, Quinn, no.” Someone needed to stop this crazy train.
Looking at me, Izzy put her hands on her hips. “I am sweet and quiet, but for the love of God, Avery, I don’t care what any woman says, sometimes you need to be straight up fucked until you can’t move.” I looked over to see Quinn nodding in agreement. “And any woman who says otherwise or claims she doesn’t have any unfulfilled fantasies is a liar.”
“Except the Amish,” Quinn chimed in. “I think the Amish are legit in their sexual beliefs.”
“Even the Amish, Quinn. Even the Amish,” Izzy argued.
I knew the girls were kidding, but deep down, in a way, they weren’t. We all had fantasies-whether they were sexual or romantic-and fear was the only reason we rarely voiced them and made them real. Nothing was scarier than laying your soul bare and telling your partner what you wanted sexually or romantically from them. What if they laughed at you? Or worse, thought you were a perverted sicko? Once you said the words, you couldn’t take them back, and then every time you went to have sex, that unfulfilled fantasy would be hovering over the both of you. It was just easier to get out your vibrator, close your eyes, and keep that shit to yourself.
“You guys are nuts. And do I have a choice?” I found myself agreeing. Apparently, I was insane right along with the both of them.
Quinn smiled her war-ending smile. “Should we slutty ourselves up some more?” she asked mischievously.
Quinn was wearing her hair up in a casual clipped-up look which looked stylish with her blue peek-a-boos showing and her spiky bangs faced every direction, giving her a natural look. She had kept her makeup minimal, as well. She donned some light eye shadow, eyeliner, and mascara, but she had left her lips bare. She hated reapplying lipstick, and she claimed it just made a mess if she got lucky-which it did. Thank God for lip stain lipstick. She was wearing a bright blue, low cut blouse that hung in a cowl neck fashion with a plain black skirt that stopped at the middle of her thighs. The outfit was completed with a pair of black five-inch, opened-toed heels. As always, she looked stunning.
Now, where Quinn was sweetly stunning, Isabella was something else, altogether. Izzy was beautiful from the dark brown hair on her head to the toes on her feet. Iz was five-foot-four-inches and had a face created by God and a body created by Satan. She had unusual, amber-colored eyes that sat on a perfectly proportioned face. Her brows were long and plucked to perfection, her slender nose was perfectly centered, and her lips were soft and full. She had high cheekbones with a smooth, light complexion. Her dark brown hair stopped at her shoulder blades and curled into striking ringlets if she didn’t take the time to dry and straighten her hair. Isabella was also a runner. She swore by cardio, giving running credit for her figure and what a figure it was. Izzy was built like a real-life Jessica Rabbit.
She was dressed in a white, untucked button-up men’s style shirt with a pair of black dress slacks, and she had on a pair of black four-inch heels. She had created a smoky eye with brown and black shades, had dusted her cheeks with a little blush, and had topped off her look with a light mocha lipstick shade. She had opted for straightening her hair and was wearing it straight down. It was parted down the middle and fell perfectly to the sides and out of her face. Her beauty was accentuated by the fact that she was quiet until you got to know her. Izzy gave off a mysterious, untouchable vibe. She brought out that protective side of you and I felt sorry for the man that would one day land her. He had better be super secure and confident because a wimp just wouldn’t do.
“Unless The Hooker and Her Client are in the fantasy lineup for tonight, we look fine,” I reassured them.
Quinn leaned in closer to me. “Awwwe c’mon, Ace, you don’t want your first john of the night pulling your hair and telling you what a good little whore you are?”
Isabella and I started laughing. “Depends. Did he pay for that right? You can’t just call me a whore for free, you know.”
“Okay you sexual degenerates, time to go,” Izzy announced.
Quinn and I placed the bar stools back underneath the bar lip and gathered our purses. Once we all made sure our purses contained all our essentials, we headed out.
As we waited on the sidewalk for our cab, I realized how much I was actually looking forward to this night. We hadn’t had a girls’ night out in months, and whether single or in a relationship, all girls needed girl-time with their friends. No matter how devoted a mother, wife, sister, or daughter you may be, we all needed some time to be ourselves. And I knew, without a doubt, I could always be myself around Isabella and Quinn. And despite the crazy living-out-our-sexual-fantasy situation I found myself in tonight, I would never judge Izzy or Quinn, either. 
Except when they sang karaoke
We really sucked at karaoke.

*****

Nicholas~
Apparently, I have become lazier than I had realized because the Raider pajama pants that I put on when I’d gotten out of the shower were so comfortable that I seriously wondered why I couldn’t just wear them to Xavier’s. I mean, hell, it was Chase who was on a mission to get laid, not me. Granted, I’d have to put on a shirt and a pair of shoes, but slippers were shoes, right?
My phone rang as I was pulling out a pair of dark blue jeans. Placing it on the dresser, I hit the speaker button. “Savage.”
“Just making sure you’re still meeting us, and I don’t have to send Julian over there to drag you out,” Chase’s voice echoed back through the speaker.
“Sending Julian because you know you can’t do the job yourself?” I pulled out the drawer containing my exciting array of socks.
“I just don’t want to chance you getting in a lucky shot and damaging this perfect face of mine, thus ruining tonight’s mission.”
“Dude, your mission for tonight, not mine,” I clarified. It was killing me to change from my pajama pants to my jeans. Style versus comfort sucked.
“Yeah, right. Like you’re not going to bite if some hot, willing woman comes on to you? Sell that shit to someone who hasn’t known you since kindergarten.”
I picked my phone up and took Chase off speaker phone. Putting it up to my ear as I headed towards my closet to pick out an appropriate shirt, I said, “Having some drinks and winding down with you and Julian is a good enough time for me.”
“Awe, you’re so sweet. I love you, too. However, do me a favor, and leave your vagina and copy of your Notebook DVD at home tonight along with your man purse,” Chase ridiculed.
“Laugh all you want asshole, but more than once you’ve cried on my shoulder,” I reminded my dear friend. 
“We were six-years-old, fuckface.”
“That doesn’t change the facts, jackhole.” I finally found a plain black shirt that would work for tonight. “Are you done peer pressuring me? I need to finish getting ready, you know, so that I can meet my friends at this new fucked-up place called Xavier’s because my loser friend needs my help to get laid.”
Chase laughed into the phone. “You’re going to be thanking me later when you’re blowing your load into some kinky piece.”
“Bye, Chase,” I finished as I hung up on him.
I decided to let my hair self-dry, and even though I had some styling products, I only used them when I had to actually do something with my hair to look presentable for charity events, interviews, etc. For the most part, I was a low-maintenance kind of man. We all were. Growing up like we had, there hadn’t been extra money for styling products or whatever. Besides, while I agreed that men should make the effort to clean up a bit once in a while, I wasn’t a fan of men man-scaping or getting facials or pedicures or shit like that. Men were supposed to be fucking men, not act like we’re goddamn women. Word to the wise ladies, if your man takes longer to get ready than you do, you have a girlfriend, not a boyfriend…just saying.
Once I finished dressing, I went into the kitchen for a quick bite. I didn’t want to start drinking on an empty stomach, and while I had no problem holding my alcohol, I didn’t want to get shit-faced drunk. Therefore, I decided to prepare a couple of simple ham sandwiches. Hopefully, Xavier’s had a small appetizer menu if I got hungry later.
My kitchen was state-of-the-art, complete with all stainless-steel appliances. I didn’t cook much since I didn’t have anyone to cook for, but whenever Julian, Chase, and I hung out at my place, Julian put my kitchen to good use. With his mother being the piece of shit that she was, Julian had learned early on how to cook for himself, and let me tell you, the dude could cook.
I lived in the penthouse suite of an apartment building that was owned by SMA. I was only a few blocks away from our home office and that made life super convenient. However, we each had an adjoining room to our offices where we would sometimes shower and sleep if we were knee-deep in a project. The office spare rooms were identical to looking like an open floor loft. It was a room with a small closet, full size bed, a toilet, sink area, and a closed-in shower. There was barely room enough for a bedside nightstand, but since we didn’t use the rooms often, comfort wasn’t that big of a deal. And to be honest, it was still more spacious than some peoples’ homes.
My penthouse was nothing elaborate. It looked like any hundreds of other penthouses you saw in Home & Garden magazines. The best thing about the place was the view from any window, though. It looked out over San Jose and was absolutely calming. I had paid an interior decorator to make it look how it looked and the only room that had any personal touches to it was my bedroom.
My dressers and nightstands were decorated with framed pictures of me, Julian, and Chase. Some had Kane, Chase’s younger brother, in them and a couple had Chase’s mom in them. There was a family portrait with all five of us hanging on the wall near my door. I could see it from my bed, and I always glanced at it when I left my room. It was one of the reasons I never brought a woman to my house. My house was for family only. While Julian’s and Chase’s homes each had an extra spare bedroom for when any of us had to crash, my house was the only one that actually had a separate room that each belonged to Chase and Julian. I had told them each that since this was an SMA building, they had a right to this penthouse just as much as I did.
Chase lived in an upscale condo. There were three condos to a section and Chase had purchased an entire section and had remodeled it to one three story condo years ago. He’d made the bottom floor into a gym, complete with full kitchen for whatever protein smoothie you desired, a bathroom, a steam room, and small boxing ring. The second floor made up his home office. He kept the kitchen also and had added an entertainment area with a big screen television, surround sound, an X-Box, and a cabinet full of games and DVDs. It came with a bathroom and the office portion was almost identical to his office at SMA, except for the personal pictures of his mom and brother he had aligning his bookshelves and desk. He had some of him with Julian and me, too. The top floor made up his actual living space and the only way into his house was to walk up the flight of steps to the third floor or have access to his private elevator.
Julian was the only one of us that chose to live in a house-based neighborhood. He lived two blocks away from Chase’s mom, and even though he claimed he just like the area, I’ve always felt like he had chosen that particular house to be close to Teresa. We could never repay her for all the things she’s done for us that she didn’t even realize she’s done, either.
Julian’s home was very simple, except for the basement. The house originally hadn’t come with a basement, but Julian had them lift the entire house to put one in. It had been expensive as fuck but worth it for his piece of mind. While the house was an average three-bedroom, two-bath, kitchen, living room, dining room, two-car garage set up, his basement was a home gym worthy of professional boxers or MMA fighters. Julian had a lot of violent demons and often worked out his anger or anxiety in his basement. It’s been over six years since he’s gotten into a fight, but you could never be too sure what will set him off, so we were grateful for his basement. Prison was always a very real possibility with Julian.
As I was finishing up my second sandwich, my mind wandered back to William Spillner. He’s been with us six years and did a well enough job, so I was baffled by his recent behavior. At least, I’ve never heard of anything inappropriate or incompetent before recently. It hadn’t been until this last year that we started hearing rumors of him speaking freely around the workplace. Supposedly, he limited his locker room talk to an audience of men, but it was still not what SMA was trying to represent.
Not to mention, any one of our hundreds of female employees could always come walking around the corner and come up upon Spillner flapping his gums. And regardless of both Julian’s mother and mine, we had the upmost respect for women thanks to Teresa. We worked hard to make sure our female employees were treated fairly and generously. No single mothers who worked for SMA would ever struggle to feed their children.
And, yes, Chase was happily single and indulged in one-night stands, but he never mistreated the women he chose to be with. He was always honest about his intentions, and with the exception of a couple of psychos who he had the misfortune of coming across, he has always parted amicably with the women he spent time with.
Julian was a little more discrete with his conquests. I knew he didn’t take women home and preferred hotels like I did, but he never told stories. And the only time we’d know when he got laid was if we caught him wearing his clothes from the night before.
I didn’t brag, but neither did I keep it a secret. If it came up, it came up. If it didn’t, it didn’t. I loved women physically, and I loved sex, but my first and true love was SMA. I respected women from a clinical viewpoint. I knew what they could be at their best, and I knew what they could be at their worst. And while I respected their struggles, I didn’t trust women on a personal level. It didn’t take a genius to figure out why.
Still, whatever issues with women Chase, Julian, and I may have had, they didn’t clear the way for Spillner to be an asshole. I just couldn’t figure out what had changed to make him think he could act like a fuckwad at work. Also, it wasn’t that he’d be hard to replace because we had a lot of talented people at SMA. I was sure Ian could suggest at least five qualified people who could take Spillner’s place. However, we still didn’t want to fire him unjustly. And contrary to what people believed, it wasn’t that easy to fire a person without solid just cause, and rumors of him saying random, inappropriate things around the office wasn’t solid enough.
It also didn’t help that our H.R. Manager had done an investigation and had come up with nothing. Cynthia had come to us a little over two years ago and has been great at her job, so we had no reason to doubt her inquiry results. Between her investigation and Ian not coming across anything substantial, Spillner’s behavior was stellar on paper. Still, we knew in our gut that something was off about him.
However, what bothered me most about this situation was that, if he was acting inappropriate with our female employees, it was obvious that none of those women felt comfortable enough coming forward, and I wanted to believe that we had created a workplace that encouraged a work culture where employees felt safe enough to speak up against any injustices they may feel. That bothered me because, while Julian, Chase, and I worked hard to be where we were now, we would never place money and status above treating people fairly and doing the right thing.
The best way to explain our life’s viewpoint was that we played defense. If you were good to us, we were good to you. If you came at any of us stupid, we hit back. We weren’t bullies, but we weren’t pussies, either. Now, don’t get me wrong. We weren’t perfect and didn’t profess to be, but we didn’t use or hurt innocent people, either.
Maybe tonight, after a few drinks in us, we may be able to come up with a game plan to catch Spillner with his dick in the trap. It wouldn’t be the first time we’ve brain stormed while drinking and I was sure it wouldn’t be the last.
I grabbed my keys and wallet from my dresser, then headed out. Riding my private elevator down to the lobby, I was actually starting to feel good about going out. It’d been a while, and we deserved a carefree night with no pressure.
Well…except if Chase didn’t get laid.
Chapter 3
Sloth: Because I don’t dance or take shots, so how much
fun is this night really going to be?

Nicholas~
It looked like I wasn’t going to have to punch Chase in the face after all.
Xavier’s was exactly what Chase claimed it would be with not a hipster in sight.
We were standing near the bar, looking for a spot to get comfortable, when a familiar face came walking towards us. “Hey, guys, welcome to Xavier’s.” Brian Sloane held his hand out to shake our hands.
He shook my hand, Julian’s, and then Chase’s. “Brian, my man, you work here?’ Chase asked.
“Nah, man, Xavier’s is mine. I own it,” Brian replied with a huge, proud smile on his face.
“No shit? That’s awesome.” Chase pulled him in for one of those slap-on-the-back guy hugs.
The year we all turned eighteen, we had spent it investing and making as much money as we could to get out of Oakland. However, when Chase and Julian had turned nineteen, they had finally enrolled in college. We knew that we were going to need some fancy degrees before anyone would take us seriously, and at least one of us was going to have to know more about financing than what we already had. I had spent the next two years taking random college classes while focusing on our investments, and once Julian had graduated with his degree in finance and Chase had graduated with his degree in marketing, I had taken on more classes, and a couple of years later, had graduated with a degree in business management and economics.
Brian and Chase had been old college buddies. “What are you guys down for tonight?”
“Just came to check the place out and have a few drinks,” Chase answered casually.
Brian nodded. “Well, there are three VIP sections here. The balcony sits two of them and then the third one is on the other side of the dance floor over there.” He pointed to all three sections as he explained where they were located. The two on the balcony were side-by-side but separated by the landing at the top of the stairs. The room on the left was made up in greens and the one on the right was decorated in blues. The dance floor room was a chaotic mix of blacks and greys. “The Black Room is already reserved for tonight, but I can set you guys up in one of the rooms upstairs,” Brian offered.
“Hell, yeah.” Chase was already on it. “Just put it on our tab.” While we didn’t flaunt our wealth, we still indulged in the finer things every now and again.
“Nah, it’s on the house tonight. It’s good to see you guys, and to be honest, it won’t hurt business if word gets around that you three are known to chill in one of Xavier’s VIPs,” Brian laughed.
“Anything we can do to help,” I offered. Hell, this was a win-win as far as I was concerned. We had a spot where Chase could check out every female who walked into the place, and I was far away from the action that I could drink in peace. I still wasn’t sure where Julian stood on his plans for this night because one could never tell with Julez.
As Brian called over a server, I gave the place a curious glance around and noted that there was already a decent amount of people here, even though it was still fairly early. There was music playing through the speakers, but I could see from where we were standing at that the DJ was already setting up his set.
Brian’s voice brought me back to the discussion at hand. “Cheryl, will you please escort these three men to one of the VIPs upstairs. Let them pick which room they prefer better.” Looking back over at us, Brian let us know that he wanted us to have a good time. “Let me know if you guys need anything else tonight.”
Cheryl made no bones about looking all three of us up and down before she smiled coyly. “Of course, Boss.” She turned to head towards the stairs and looked over her shoulder with that smile still plastered on her face to make sure we were following her. “Just follow me, gentlemen.”
“Thanks man, we appreciated it.” Chase shook Brian’s hand one more time.
We followed Cheryl like three little ducklings in a row: Chase, Julian, and, lastly, me. Once we reached the top landing, Cheryl placed one of her hands on Julian’s chest and leaned in close. “Which room did you guys want?”
It wasn’t that she was ugly. On the contrary, she was pretty hot. She just happened to look like every other young, hot blonde you saw. Nothing stood out as original. She had the big hair, fake eyelashes, big store-bought tits, and fake nails…the works.
Julian smiled as he placed his hand over hers and casually removed it from his chest. “We’ll take the Blue VIP, doll.”
I had to keep myself from laughing at her confused expression. Julian was so smooth that she couldn’t tell if he was rejecting her or not. I decided to help save him. “The Blue VIP is fine, Cheryl. Thank you for escorting us.”
She looked over towards me. “Uh…okay, yeah. Unfortunately, since you guys didn’t pick the Green VIP, this is where I must leave you. Becky and Rhonda have the Blue Room tonight. Marla and I have the Green Room.” She pouted, trying to cute us into changing our minds. Little did she know, pouting wasn’t cute to any of us. Plus, we weren’t here to fuck Brian’s staff. If this place turned out to be okay, we’d want to be back as drama-free as possible.
Chase came to the rescue. “But if no one reserves the Green VIP tonight, that means we can find you down on the floor where not everyone can see everything,” he smooth-talked her with a wink.
“Good point,” she giggled.
She fucking giggled.
If I wanted to hear females fucking giggling, I hang out near the middle schools.
She opened the door leading into the Blue VIP. “Make yourselves comfortable and I’m sure Beck and Rhonda will be up shortly.” She winked, then closed the door behind her.
“This is some nice digs,” Julian stated as he started walking around the room. Chase headed straight for the large couch centered in the middle of the room and sat down.
I gave the place a curious glance around. The room was very tastefully decorated. The carpet was so blue that it looked almost black. The walls were painted a faint light blue that, without all the blue accents in the room, the walls would look white. As Julian was opening shit up, I could see that the wooden door at the end of the room lead to the restroom. There were three very large paintings hanging in the room, one on the wall near the restroom door and two hanging on the back of the room behind the bar. They were just abstract paint brush strokes in a variety of blue shades. The standalone bar against the back wall matched the wood of the bathroom door.
“It’s stocked with nothing but water,” Julian announced as he searched all the cabinets and cubbies around the bar.
“Smart,” Chase remarked from the couch.
The dark blue couch sat right in the middle of the room and had two matching armchairs on either side facing inward. There was a large glass coffee table that ran the length of the couch, and it had a matching glass vase in the center. The vase contained fake flowers with many different blue shades. The front wall was made entirely of glass, so you could look out directly into the club. The walls facing the stair landing were also glass, so we could get a clear view of what was going on in the Green VIP, and they could see inside the Blue VIP. The Green VIP looked to have the same layout as the Blue, and anyone who was so inclined could view everything going on in these two rooms from the club floor. 
I walked over to the front wall and looked down at the club. It was a great set up and from our room. You could see the front door and bar area clearly. To the left was the dance floor and stage that was in direct view of the Green VIP. High-top tables and chairs were placed along the front door wall and booths and couches aligned the right side of the club, past the bar and leading to the restroom area. The only true privacy was the Black VIP room. There was simply a black door with gray and white accents and a door sign identifying it as such, and no one could see inside. I had no doubt that whatever went on in that room, there was a penal code attached to it.
“Brian’s done a good job. This place has a perfect party-to-relax vibe to it,” Chase boasted.
Julian laughed. “We’ll see. It’s only seven Chase. The freaky shit doesn’t go down until at least eleven.” He came over and sat down on one of the armchairs.
“I don’t care what weirdos this place brings in,” I said. “The fact that these rooms have their own restrooms is a win in my book. I hate having to fight people to get to the restroom. And more often than not, there’s someone fucking in those dark back hallways.” I sat down on the chair opposite Julian.
“Order up boys,” Julian nodded his head towards the door to the room.
Chase looked over, and when I turned to look behind me, I saw a waitress walking onto the landing and entering the room. “Good evening, gentlemen. My name is Becky, and I will be working with Rhonda tonight as your server. What can I get you guys to start?”
Chase gave her an appreciative smile while he looked her up and down. She was gracing us with a very pretty smile and was remaining very professional, unlike our escort earlier. Becky had red hair with blue eyes and a petite figure. I’d describe her as pixie-like if anyone were to ask me to. The club uniform of a tight black top with the word Xavier’s blasted across the chest in white and the matching white short shorts actually looked tasteful on her with her slender features. I was suddenly very glad to know she was serving us tonight and not the blonde earlier. “I’ll take a Seven & Seven and just keep them coming, sweetheart,” Chase winked at her.
She smiled as she looked down and wrote down his order. Raising her head, she looked pointedly over at Julian. “I’ll take a Bud Light with a side shot of Casadores,” Julian ordered.
After taking Julez’s order, she looked over to me. “I’ll take Johnny Walker Blue neat, and we don’t deviate much, so just keep these coming all night if you will.” I smiled to soften my statement into more of a request instead of a demand. I hated pricks who thought money was an excuse to be rude to others.
“Thank you, gentlemen. I will be right back with your orders.” With that, she walked out and back downstairs towards the bar.
Chase jutted his chin towards the club floor. “Ten guesses on what goes on in that Black VIP room.”
Julian snorted. “I can tell you in two; felonies and criminal acts against nature.”
“Hopefully, instead of a vase full of fake flowers, they have a bowl full of condoms on their table,” I agreed as I looked out towards the black door.
“And some antibiotics,” Julian added.
“And Plan B pills,” Chase finished.
I laughed. While we didn’t judge stranger-sex, we all three were very careful about our shit. Wearing condoms was like breathing to us; done automatically, no matter how horny we were. And because some women could be manipulative, we only wore condoms we personally purchased and put them on ourselves. None of us have ever had sex without a condom, and we also got tested regularly through the company’s health and wellness program.
Becky came back with our drinks and explained that there was an intercom button on the bar that we could use if we needed anything in between her visits. I had to admit, Brian really set up these VIP rooms to include all you needed to avoid the crowds.
“Holy shit,” Chase rushed out as he stood up from the couch and walked over to the glass wall. “I think I already see our picks.”
Julian was seated on one of the armchairs, so he had to lean up from his chair to get a better look. I walked over to stand next to Chase, and following Chase’s gaze, I let out a slow whistle. “Damn.” The trio Chase had noticed were standouts, indeed.
“Look elsewhere dickheads. That group of females is off limits,” Julian announced as he returned to his original position in his chair.
Chase turned to look back at him while I continued to look out over the club at the trio of ladies. “Fuck, too. What do you mean they’re off limits? You know them?”
Julian stretched again to look over at the girls. “Technically, we know two of them. The third one is irrelevant since the other two are a no-go.”
“Bullshit, Julez,” Chase scoffed. “Trust me. I would remember if I had met females who looked like that.” Chase raised his arm and gestured back towards the glass wall.
“The one with the grey top and the one in the blue top work for SMA. I don’t know who the third one is, but again, doesn’t matter,” he sighed like Chase was a simpleton.
“You’re lying. You just don’t want to see my dick happy,” Chase accused. “You’re an asshole, Julez. You know, an asshole.”
“Not trying to kill your dreams, dude, just stating the facts. They report to that twatwaffle Spillner,” Julian explained. “I’ve seen them around the admin office floors.”
“Where’s that fucking button? I need a goddamn shot to ease this sting,” Chase muttered, heading over to the bar. “I mean, look at them. Just look.”
I was looking and I had to agree with Chase. They were a beautiful sight, and if they worked in the finance division of SMA, the odds were neither Chase nor I would have ever run into them. We just had too many employees, and we were too busy heading up our own divisions.
“How am I supposed to drown my sorrows? I don’t take shots.” I raised my brows over towards Chase.
“You do tonight, Casanova.” And with that, Chase ordered shots for all three of us.

*****

Avery~
We arrived at Xavier’s a little after seven, and it looked to be everything Quinn had promised it would be. It was very classy, and the floor plan was very open to help limit crowding. Luckily, it was still fairly early, so it had been easy for us to find a table. We had chosen a high-top table near the bar because nothing sucked worse than having to wait in line for a drink and losing your buzz because it took so long.
“Okay, I have first round. What are you two drinking?” I asked, already needing to get some alcohol in me if I was going to get through this night.
“Just get a bucket of beers for now,” Izzy responded. “It’s only seven, ladies. We need to pace ourselves and not hit shots until at least ten.”
Quinn raised her brows at Izzy. “You think you’re going to be able to pick up a stranger to fulfill your sick, twisted fantasies sober, Izzy?” she asked. I wasn’t sure about Iz, but I have never slept with a man who I hadn’t gone on, at least, a couple of dates with, so I was going to need shots to do this.
“Uh, no…however, I didn’t know we were picking them up as soon as we got here. I was thinking the freaky ones wouldn’t make an appearance until after ten.”
“She does have a point, Q. If I ask a guy to smear peanut butter on me and sprinkle me in glitter after ten that makes me sexually open-minded. If I ask him to do all that before ten, then that makes me a pervert,” I pointed out.
“Ditch the glitter fantasy, Ace. That shit gets everywhere and you’re washing it out of the crack of your ass months later. No glitter,” Quinn advised.
“Okay, no glitter. But I still need to be trashed to bring up the peanut butter,” I reasoned.
Abandoning the conversation, Isabella rolled her eyes and hopped off her seat to head to the bar to order our drinks. I was pretty sure I heard her mutter something to the effect of, ‘Bat shit crazy, I say. Bat. Shit. Crazy.’
I leaned in conspiratorially towards Q. “I think Izzy just called us bat shit crazy.”
Q waved my comment away. “Trent from Match.com. Need I say more?”
“Oh, yep. I had forgotten about Trent.” I leaned back in my seat. “Good point.”
Q’s face was full of shock. “How can you forget about a man who brought his mother along on his dates?”
I scrunched up my nose. “Probably because the more unbelievable part of that entire story was that Izzy actually sat through the entire date with both of them. Not to mention, she actually became friends with his mom on social media afterwards.”
“Exactly! Which means that if she’s going to start throwing around phrases like ‘batshit crazy’….”
I looked over at my beautiful friend as she walked back to our table with a bucket of beers. I was very aware that she didn’t think it, but she truly was beautiful, so I didn’t understand her need to use internet websites to find dates. She went about life just too seriously. “Take it back,” I demanded, eyeing her.
Izzy didn’t even pretend not to know what I was talking about. “Fine. I take it back. You guys are not batshit crazy. You’re free thinkers.”
Quinn smirked, then reached for a beer. “Trent.”
Isabella’s eyes rounded like saucers. “You whore. Do pinky swears mean nothing to you? You guys were to never mention that name again in my presence.” Then she proceeded to yank me out of my seat and switch places with me.
“Uh, you do realize there are only three seats, so no matter which one you choose, you’ll still be sitting next to Q, right, you psycho?”
“I needed to make a dramatic point. The results are irrelevant,” Iz huffed as she sat down.
“I guess Izzy’s going for The Psychiatrist and The Psychopath fantasy tonight.” Quinn looked around the club, presumably looking for a ‘Psychiatrist’ candidate for Iz.
“Ha. Ha,” Iz deadpanned.
Even though I knew no one could hear us with the music beginning for the night, I leaned forward on the table towards my friends. “Okay, are we seriously going to do this?”
“Chickening out already?” Quinn taunted, taking the first drink of her beer. Isabella remained silent, letting me continue.
“No, I’m not chickening out,” I denied. “I’m just saying that if we’re really going to do this and share our darkest fantasies with a stranger, I’m going to need shots to get through this.” I sat back and took another drink of my beer.
“Darkest fantasies?” Izzy’s eyebrows reached for her hairline. “I thought you guys were joking about that. I figured we were starting off light and easy. You know, glitter and peanut butter?”
“We nixed the glitter, remember?” Quinn reminded her.
“Point being that I’d like to save my darkest fantasies for my husband. Since he’ll be legally bound to me, he won’t be able to just leave me once I voice them.”
“No. However, he would be legally able to commit you to any lovely institute of his choosing, “I pointed out.
“Only if he made it out of the conversation alive,” she countered. She had a good point.
“Okay, okay. No matter which fantasies we choose to fulfill tonight, I agree with Ace. It’s more than likely going to take a little bit of liquid courage, and beers won’t cut it.” Quinn started to signal a cocktail waitress that had just started making her rounds. “Tequila?”
Isabella smiled. “Hell, yeah.” In case you didn’t notice that beaming smile, Izzy was a tequila fan. She drank water like a fanatic, so she’s never had a hangover to regret tequila the next morning like most people.
Quinn looked over at me for confirmation. “I’m not going to get through this night with anything less,” I assured her.
Quinn hooted as the waitress made her way to our table. “Hello, my name is Rhonda. What can I get for you ladies?” She was a lovely blonde with a welcoming smile.
“Hi, Rhonda. I’m Quinn and these are my friends, Isabella and Avery, and we are in dire need of tequila shots.”
“I don’t know about dire need…” Izzy muttered.
Rhonda laughed a little. “Which brand would you ladies prefer?”
“Patron Silver, please. We’ll also pay as we go along. No tab,” Quinn answered, then added, “Also, we’ll be refilling our buckets as they empty.”
Rhonda raised her brows in surprised. “Drinking away a broken heart or are you females just professionals?”
“Professionals,” Quinn clarified. “I’m quite fond of my liver and I wouldn’t destroy it for any man. Any man.”
This time, Rhonda let out a good-natured laugh. “Three Patron Silvers coming right up, ladies.” She turned around and headed to the bar to get our shots.
“So, we’re really going to do this, huh?” Isabella asked before taking a big drink of her beer.
“Yep.” Q looked around the club for fellow adventurers. “It’ll be great, Izzy. Just imagine…going home with a man who is going to please you exactly the way you want? Even if it is NC-17, it’ll still be all about you. How fucking awesome would that be?”
“Oh, so we’re going to be able to be men tonight. Is that what you’re saying?” I quipped.
Quinn laughed while Isabella got serious. “Avery, not all men are selfish like Eric.”
“I know that.” I didn’t want to think about Eric right now. It would totally kill my mission to have a good time tonight. “I just…men are so…ugh.”
“No, men are not ugh. Men are fantastic. Men are challenging. Men are the neatest creatures on earth. We are what make them stupid,” Quinn defended. “If women just had the nerve to tell a man what she wanted and the confidence to not expect less, men and women would get along famously.”
“So, it’s all on us?” No way was I taking blame for Eric being an insensitive, cheating asshole.
“No, that’s not what I’m saying-”
Rhonda came back with our shots and placed one in front of each of us. “That’ll be twenty-four even.” Iz handed over thirty and told her to keep the change. “Thank you. Enjoy, ladies.” Smiling, she walked off.
Quinn went on to finish her life lesson. “All I’m saying is that if men felt women were strong enough to take it, maybe they would be more honest with us, and communication could be a real thing in relationships and not up there with mystical unicorns.” Quinn got ready to take her shot. “Maybe, had you told Eric to go fuck himself the first time he finished in bed before you, and instead of being ‘sensitive’ to his quick draws, the sex and your relationship would have been better. Instead, you kept quiet to spare his feelings, then stop giving it up because he sucked in bed which helped lead to him cheating on you. I’m not trying to be a dick here, Ace, but some of that disaster was on you, too.”
And that was Quinn; honest, no matter whom the recipient was. It was one of the reasons I loved her so much. Her honestly, whether hurtful or not, always made me a better version of myself. “You’re right, as always,” I agreed. I reached for my shot. “Okay, hoes. Let’s do this.”
As one, we took our shots together and got this ridiculous night started.
Chapter 4
Gluttony: Because who the hell stops at only one drink?
Weirdos, that’s who.

Avery~
Two bucket of beers and three tequila shots later, my buzz was going full force. After our second shot, we had proceeded to dance a couple of times and the DJ was good. He played a perfect mix of dance music and didn’t slow anything down. For the kind of night Quinn, Izzy, and I had planned for ourselves, slow music would not do. It was also creeping up on eleven o’clock. We needed to make a move soon.
We had just downed our fourth shot of the night when Quinn started kicking things off. “Okay, ladies, the night is a wasting away. We need to start stalking our prey.” She began looking around the club for who looked single and available. Quinn didn’t have particular type. She really did appreciate men as a species. She was also very casual in her dating life because she wasn’t looking for a commitment. She was very set on the belief that if you didn’t get serious, then you could never be left. She had abandonment issues stemming from the deaths of her parents. However, that was just my opinion.
Isabella was a little more serious about her dating life. She was more selective about who she dated because, while she wasn’t looking for forever, she didn’t appreciate games. She was always looking for a man who would just date her without any expectation of happily-ever-after. She was a commitmentphobe. Her mother had spent her whole life waiting for Izzy’s dad to make an honest woman out of her, and it still hasn’t come to be. Isabella once claimed that she would never be a slave to that kind of relationship, so-no commitment, no expectation.
One of my issues-because I had way more than just one-was that I had trust issues. My parents were still together, but my father had had an affair when I was fourteen, and while my parents had worked through the dark times, the affair had altered our family dynamics completely. I couldn’t understand how such a great father, friend, and husband (up until that point) could make such a horrible decision. It had made me question everything. I mean, how was I supposed to be able to tell the bad guys from the good guys now? I couldn’t, and that was a problem. It made it very difficult for me to be completely free with men. Quinn was partially right. Eric hadn’t been the only one responsible for our failed relationship.
Maybe stranger-sex was the way to go.
“So, how does this work?” Isabella asked, looking around the club, same as Quinn. “We just walked up to them and ask if they want to help us fulfill our fantasy of the night?”
I knew I was borderline drunk when that approach appealed to me. “That strategy sounds just as good as any. Maybe we buy them a drink or something before bringing up the peanut butter.”
Quinn put on her serious face. “We have to be smart about this if this is going to work-”
“Seriously?” I interrupted. “We boycotted smart choices back at Izzy’s when we came up with this stupid plan.”
Quinn waved my logic away. “By smart, I mean that we can’t scare them off and being that forward may give them second thoughts.”
Iz lifted one perfectly arched left brow. “You’re seriously going to tell me that if a man had a fairly decent-looking female approach him and ask him to make all her fantasies come true, he would balk?”
“All?” I asked a might bit confused. “I thought we were rationing out our fantasies and limiting tonight to just one.” I was pretty sure I needed another shot for this. Asking for more than one fantasy fulfillment a night seemed a bit gluttonous.
“One, ten, twenty…you know what she means,” Quinn clarified, all exasperated-like.
“Twenty? You have twenty unfulfilled fantasies?” I asked, all of a sudden feeling very virginal. I turned to Isabella. “Iz, how many do you freakin’ have?”
She drew in her brows, giving it serious consideration. “There’s a top three that I have in rotation when I’m solo-lovin’, but I’d have to say I have at least six real ones I’d like to try.”
“Will you focus, Ace?” Quinn tried bringing me back to the topic at hand.
I refused to budge. “Do you really have twenty, Quinn?” I seriously wanted to know.
“No. I have about ten like any healthy woman does,” she replied.
“Well, if ten is healthy, then I must be slightly sick with only my six,” Isabella said, seeming disappointed in her number.
“Then I must be anorexic because I don’t even have six in my line up,” I confessed. I needed to start watching more porn. I didn’t want to be anorexic.
“Sweet Baby Jesus, you two.” Quinn waved Rhonda over again.
“Ready for another round?” Rhonda started reaching around the table, picking up our empties.
“Yes, please. Both beer and shots if you don’t mind.” Quinn apparently was on a mission of courage.
“Coming right up.” And off she went to get our round.
Quinn went back to scouring over the club. “First, let’s find the-” Quinn stopped, her big, doe eyes rounding to impossible proportions.
“What?” I grabbed her arm, alarmed. “What is it, Q?”
“Don’t look.” Of course, the first thing Iz and I did was start looking around. “Goddamn, you fools. I said don’t look as in the opposite of look!” Quinn whisper-yelled.
“Well, what the fuck is it?” Isabella demanded, and I knew Iz was on her way to drunksville. She only cussed when she was drunk or angry. She didn’t have the mental capacity to monitor her words when she was under the influence of alcohol or rage.
Q leaned in. “Just promise me you guys won’t look and make it all obvious.”
“Us promise?” Isabella asked. “This from the woman who pisses all over sacred pinky swears?”
Quinn threw her hands up. “We can redo that one later and I’ll pinky swear to pinky swear. Now will you shut up and listen for a minute?” she hissed.
I glanced over at Iz. “This must be good.”
“Up on the balcony floor, in the room that’s decorated in blue, are our bosses,” she divulged.
Rhonda chose that moment to arrive with our round of drinks. “Here you go, ladies.” I passed her enough to cover the shots and beers and still leave enough for her tip. Still, she hesitated for a second.
“Am I short?” I went to go into my purse again.
“Oh, no, no, no,” she stammered, shaking her head. “I just…it’s just, well, you girls seem so cool, and I just wanted to…” She bit her lower lip. “When you guys feel like you’ve had enough, please let me know, so that I can call you a cab and have one of the bouncers see you girls outside. I wouldn’t want anything unsavory happening to you, ya know?”
“Awwwwwe,” I started, “that is so sweet, Rhonda.” Drunk me leaned over and gave her a kiss on her cheek. “You got a deal.”
“Great.” Then she sashayed her way to her next table.
I looked back at Quinn and Izzy. “How sweet was that?”
“Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hallmark worthy and everything. Now can we get back to the discussion at hand?” Quinn frustratingly asked.
Isabella-loving hip hop the way she did-started rapping at that. “Perfection is perfected, so I’ma let ‘em understand, from a young G’s perspective, and before me dig out a bitch I have to find a contraceptive.”
And because this song was awesome, I just couldn’t help myself. “You never know she could be earnin’ her man, and learnin’ her man, and at the same time burnin’ her man.”
Then together…“Now you know I ain’t with that shit, Lieutenant, ain’t no pussy good enough to get burnt while I’m up in it.”
Before we could continue, Quinn interrupted with, “And it’s ‘but, uh back to the lecture at hand.’ not discussion, you weirdos,” Q corrected.
We both just looked at her.
She was no match for us.
Quinn rolled her eyes before singing, “And that’s realer than Real-Deal Holyfield and now you hookas and hoes know how I feel. Well, if it’s good enough to get broke off a proper chunk, I’ll take a small piece of some of that funky stuff.”
Izzy and I finally join in with her. “It’s like this and like that and like this and uh, it’s like this and like that and like this and uh, it’s like this and like that and like this and uh. Dre, creep to the mic like a phantom.” I couldn’t hold in my laugh any longer, ruining our flow. Quinn and Izzy immediately joined in.
“Okay, okay, okay,” Quinn started, finally calming down. “As I was saying, our bosses are drinking up in the VIP rooms.” Quinn directed us upward with her eyes.
I finally stopped laughing. “Well, since I’ve been instructed that I can’t look, are you sure it’s them?” While Xavier’s was a nice place, it seemed a little too common-folk for Mr. Savage, Mr. Moretti, and Mr. Alexander. Of course, I didn’t know them personally, so maybe it was an unfair assessment.
“Yes, I’m sure,” Q confirmed. “I mean, you’ve vibrated to their cover picture on Forbes before, would you mistake them?”
Shocked that she would bring that up, I stink-eyed her. “Is nothing sacred with you? I told you that in confidence.”
“It’s not confidential if you told Iz, too,” she pointed out.
Isabella just shook her head. “It all started with the violation of the pinky swear.”
“Anyway,” Q stressed. “It’s them. Should we leave?”
“Why?” This from Izzy as she drowned her shot.
“Because they are our bosses and isn’t it inappropriate for them to see us face-down drunk and picking up random dick?” Q took her shot next.
“First of all, we’re not face-down drunk. And second, we’re off the clock. We’re not management, Quinn. It’s not like we’re wearing our key cards around our necks and advertising that we work for SMA. Fifty bucks says they don’t even know who we are.”
“She’s got a point, Q,” Isabella agreed. “They can’t reprimand you for things you do off the clock. That’s not how it works.”
“Okay, maybe you guys are right.” Quinn was still taking sly glances upwards towards the rooms.
“I can’t take this anymore.” Izzy jumped off her seat. “Before we start traumatizing random innocent men, I’m heading to the bathroom to make sure there’s no lipstick on my teeth. Plus, I’ll be able to sneak a peek at the men who control your destinies. Buahahahahaha,” she started, laughing like a ghoul.
“Idiot,” I mumbled.
“I’m coming with.” Q jumped off her seat as well. “You coming?”
“No. I don’t care if I have lipstick all over my teeth.” I reached for another beer. “Besides, someone might snag our table. It’s getting packed in here.”
“Okay, we’ll be right back,” Izzy promised.
As they made their way towards the restroom, I noticed Isabella quickly glancing upstairs. She tripped upon herself at the sight, and I had to laugh. They had that effect on women.
I wanted so badly to look up, but I wanted to be able to plead ignorance if this turned out badly for Q and me. Besides, I was fairly certain those three had their night already planned and it didn’t include two of their employees.
And as much as it pained my female ego, I had no doubt I was right, and those three up there had no inkling of who Q and I were. I finally took my shot and toasted-sadly-to being unnoticeable.

*****

Nicholas~
I knew the girls were off limits, but that didn’t stop me from passing glances their way all night, though. They were a sight to behold, especially when they would dance. They were obviously having a good time, but they were very carefree when they danced. Not to mention very sexy.
“What are you looking at over there, Sav?”
I turned away from the front glass wall to look over at Chase. “What do you think?”
Julian sighed. “Again, off limits. Look elsewhere. Pick someone else. Try door number two. How many different ways do I need to explain it to you fools?”
Chase kicked his feet up on the table. “Apparently, more than once because I have been looking at that front door most the night for something else to catch my eye, and my eyes keeps finding their way back to a particular table that is occupied by that particular trio of females.”
“Admittedly, it’s been a while since I’ve read it, but do we have a no-fraternizing policy clause in the employee handbook at work?” I asked, still looking at the girls.
“No,” Julian confirmed. “But what we do have is a no bullshit drama pact we made when we started this company. That takes precedence over any employee handbook.”
“How do you know they would be drama?” Chase leaned up to be able to look over at their table. “How do you know they’re not just here for a one-night stand, too?”
I turned to look at Julian. “Yeah, how do you know?” Julian raised both his brows at me. It wasn’t often I supported Chase in his arguments-because Chase was usually ridiculous with his shit-but damn if my dick didn’t twitch every time that I looked over at Avery.
Much to Julian’s annoyance, Chase and I had harassed him into giving us Avery’s and Quinn’s names. We still didn’t know the name of the third girl, but I didn’t need her name. I was fixated on Avery, and Avery only. I couldn’t make out much from the distance, but what I could make out was enough to entice me.
Julian stood up off the couch and walked over to stand next to me. He made no bones about being obvious in his perusal of the girls. “I don’t know, but is it worth risking?” He turned back to face Chase. “You-we have more than enough money to lure any female we want to act out whatever sick pleasures we need satisfied. Why would we even entertain the idea of messing with a couple of our employees? It’s unethical, immoral, unprofessional, and a whole host of other words that can get thrown at us in court.”
“Julez, you need to lighten the fuck up, dude.” Chase walked over to the bar to push the request button. All night, Becky and Rhonda had been serving us well, and I guess Chase figured this conversation was going to need extra shots to go with it.
“Not to mention,” Julian continued, “for all we know, they could be married or have boyfriends, and just be having themselves an innocent girls’ night out while you two perverts are up here turning their innocent night into a porn free-for-all.”
I looked back out the glass wall and saw Becky by the bar looking up at us. I twirled my finger in a circle motion to let her know we wanted our regular round of drinks and shots. I was not a shots person, but ever since we noticed the girls, I have been on edge and needed the relaxation that only tequila was able bring. “They’re not married or have boyfriends.”
Julian looked at me like I was high. “How can you possibly fucking know that, Nick?”
“If any of those three were your wife or girlfriend, would she be out in a place like this, drinking like that, without you?” I challenged.
Julian folded his large arms over his chest. “Yes, Nick. It’s quite possible that my wife or girlfriend would be out with her friends without me. It’s called trust. And you’d better believe if I ever did get serious, I’d trust her like I trust you guys, or else she wouldn’t be my wife or girlfriend.”
I laughed. Flat out laughed at him. “Bullshit, Julez. You need to sell that shit to someone who doesn’t know the difference between chicken and steak. I’ve known you since we were sharing crayons, motherfucker. And if you ever did get a girlfriend, men would be lucky to be able to look at her without getting their eyes ripped out of their heads.”
Julian unfolded his arms and flipped me off. “Okay. Give me one good, genuine reason why it has to be these girls and I will follow you two imbeciles to our doom,” he proposed, giving a little.
Chase and I glanced at each other. The only justifiable answer here was love at first sight, indicating the desire to start a relationship and throw ourselves into the pitfalls of being someone’s boyfriend. Neither of us was looking past tonight and we both knew it. Julian knew it, too.
“Exactly,” Julian smirked as he sat his smug ass down.
Of course, Chase was no fool. There was a reason he handled the clients. “So, that hot little number in the white isn’t catching your attention at all?” I saw Julian tighten a little. It had been barely noticeable, but it was there.
“No,” he denied. “And even if she did, she doesn’t work for us.”
Chase pounced. “So, then you’re cool if Sav and I rock, paper, scissors for her?”
While I understood what Chase was trying to do, I was a little disturbed by his methods. I have never, nor would I ever, rock, paper, scissors for a woman. Ever.
“Actually, now that I think about it, she should go to me automatically. You two were the ones claiming you were just tagging along while I found someone to get under me.” Chase came back from behind the water bar and made a pretense of heading towards the entry door. “You two can just stay up here. “He winked at us both. “I might be back.”
Julian stood up so quickly that he almost upended the chair he was sitting in. “Stop trying to manipulate me, Chase. I’m not one of your marks.” But we could both see Julian relenting, and we knew he was only trying to be reasonable. Too bad reason was no match for Avery’s hot, little body, and my unabashed attraction towards her.
Chase hooted and hawed. “Say yes, say yes, say yes,” he chanted.
Julian’s sigh was so deep that I was surprised it didn’t tip over the vase with the fake flowers. “Fine. However, I want both you cocksuckers to know that when this blows up in our faces, I am going to buy fifty cans of spray paint and graffiti the fuck out of your offices with ‘I told you so’ all over the fucking place. Your homes, too.”
“I’ll risk it,” Chase quickly acquiesced. There was no way he was going to give Julian a chance to change his mind. I hadn’t seen Chase this worked up over a woman in…well, never.
“And,” Julian continued, “they will be transferred to your departments. I am not going to deal with the aftermath of your guys’ bullshit.”
We couldn’t transfer them without a lawsuit to accompany that transfer, so I refuted, “No. I’ll agree to the vandalism, but no transfer. We can’t do that legally.”
“So, it’s settled. I get Quinn.” Chase assigned the girls. “You get Avery and Julian gets Mystery Girl,” he finished as he walked back to the glass wall to glance back at the girls.
Julian started laughing. “We have got to be the most arrogant pricks on the planet. We’re up here planning all this shit out like it’s a given they’ll even want to be with us. I hope they turn us the fuck down and send us packing.”
It wasn’t that I disagreed with Julian because he had a valid point. This could completely blow up in our faces and it wasn’t like we struggled for female company that we didn’t have other options. I couldn’t speak on what had Chase captivated by Quinn, but I knew why Avery had me wanting to break the rules. There was just something about the way she moved. Her friends were beautiful, and they didn’t dim standing next to her, but for me, Avery was who kept my attention. Watching her dance, I wondered if she was that fluid when she was naked. It was a wonder my dick wasn’t at full mast with the thoughts that have been running through my mind as my eyes silently stalked her all night.
I looked away from the girls as I heard Becky entering the room with our newest round of shots. However, I noticed six shots, not three. “Hey, fellas, the ladies in the gray booth next to the DJ sent over some extras,” she explained with a wink.
As she placed the shots on the table, Chase reached for his wallet and pulled out a hundred. “Tell those lovely ladies thank you and their next round is on us.” He handed Becky the hundred.
“That’s all you want me to tell them? I think they’re hoping for an invitation to join you guys up here.” She placed the bill on her cocktail tray.
“Let them know that we appreciate the gesture, but our wives are here, and we’re very happily married.” Chase was already reaching for his shot.
“Married?” Becky looked confused as hell, and I didn’t blame her. Plus, it didn’t help that Julian had started coughing on his beer and was not doing a good job of getting himself under control.
I had to think quickly, so I stuck as close to the truth as possible. “Uh, yeah…our wives wanted a girls’ night out, but because we’re insecure, controlling bastards, we made a deal that they could go out as long as we could still keep an eye on them. So, we’re up here keeping watch while they’re down there having a good time.” I smiled, hoping she believed me.
“Oh.” She drew her brows inward. “That’s sweet if not a bit fatal attraction-ish. Still, I’ll let the ladies know you guys are off limits.” She took the hundred and headed back downstairs.
Julian finally got himself righted. “Jesus…wives, Chase? Now we’re married?”
Chase took his shot. “Yeah, you have to have a wife when dealing with chicks that forward.”
“Do tell, oh, wise one.” Finishing the whiskey I had in my hand, I set it down on the table and grabbed the fresh one Becky just brought. I was going to hold off on the shots until I was ready to approach Avery. Normally, I didn’t need liquid courage to approach a woman, but when doing shit that may be less than ethical, shots couldn’t hurt.
“Girlfriends are a challenge to aggressive women. Wives are in a whole other league. Most women hesitate at being full-blown homewreckers.” Chase started on his fresh Seven & Seven while Julian finally took his shot.
I took my JWB and walked back towards the wall, and that’s when I saw Quinn and Mystery Girl leaving their table.” I think they may be getting ready to take off.”
Chase walked over to stand next to me. “Nah, looks like they’re heading to the restrooms back behind the bar.” After a couple of seconds, it was obvious that’s exactly where they were headed.
Julian stood to walk over and stand next to us to see for himself. “So, are we going to do this or what, assholes?”
Looking at Chase, you would have thought it was Christmas morning. “Fuck yeah, we are.” He drowned his drink and went to get his second shot. He looked back at us holding up his shot for a toast.
Julian and I walked over to join him. I set my half-full drink down and reached for a shot. Julian grabbed one, too. Chase clinked our glasses. “Here’s to God.”
I looked over at Julez to see if he was as confused as I was. “God?” I asked.
“Yes, God. Because without God, women would not have been created and there is nothing in this world more beautiful to look at than a woman.” He threw back his shot.
Fuck it. “To God,” I toasted, and I took my shot along with Julian.
“Okay, Julian and I will cut Quinn and Mystery Girl off by the restrooms where no one can really see-”
“Whoa, wait. Where no one can really see? Are we upping this from unethical conduct to felony kidnapping?” I had planned to leave my other shot of tequila on the table, but if we were moving on to kidnapping the girls, I was definitely going to need that second shot.
“That’s Plan B. Right now, we’re just going to casually bump into them and hopefully get an invite back to their table. You go work your magic on Avery and you better work it quick,” he said, gesturing with his head toward the glass wall.
I looked back over to see what he was talking about and that’s when I saw a guy walking up to the table to approach Avery.
Oh, hell no.
Leaving a hundred from each of us on the table next to the leftover shots and unfinished drinks, we walked out and headed downstairs to follow through with our unethical, and maybe felonious plan. Hopefully, we’d be heading to the nearest hotel with each lady and not returning back to the VIP section alone.
Or to prison if Chase was serious about his Plan B.
Chapter 5
Gluttony: Because the more I drink, the braver I become
…and the more stupid.

Avery~
“Excuse me.” I turned away from looking into my purse to find a very cute guy standing next to our table holding a beer. He looked to be taller than me (but that wasn’t saying much) and had blonde hair that waved a little at the ends. He had nice, soft blue eyes with a straight nose and a sweet smile outlined with thin lips. He was dressed in a green polo shirt with dark black jeans.
I smiled back at him. “Hi.”
“I’ve been looking over here at you all night but approaching a table full of beautiful women can be kind of intimidating. So, when I saw your friends head on back to the restroom, I figured now was my opportunity to meet you.” He stuck out his hand. “I’m Jeremy.”
I took his hand and shook it. “I’m Avery. It’s nice to meet you, Jeremy.”
“Well, I’m hoping this is the part where you tell me you’re single and you would love my number, so that we can have dinner next weekend,” he sheepishly suggested.
He didn’t waste any time, and he really was cute. Too bad he wasn’t what I was looking for tonight. If we were serious about acting out our fantasies tonight, my fantasy didn’t include a sweet guy who wanted to treat me to dinner. How did one go about getting one guy’s number, but walking out with another? And what the hell was taking Q and Izzy so long? Quinn would totally know how to handle this. Did I just tell him that dinner wasn’t necessary and let’s find a hotel? Before I could come up with a strategy, a deep, smooth, velvety voice came from behind and answered for me.
“No. This is the part where she tells you that, while she is very flattered, she’s married and very much in love with her husband.” I felt a hand being placed on my right shoulder and knew immediately that some poor guy was mistaking me for his wife from behind.
I turned my body, so that the poor man could see that I wasn’t his wife, but then I was struck mute by who I saw standing here.
Nicholas fucking Savage.
My boss.
Nicholas Savage-my goddamn boss-was standing there telling my new friend, Jeremy, that I was his wife.
What in the ever-lovin’ hell?
Jeremy looked a little stunned.
Join the club, Jeremy. Join the club.
“Really? Because I don’t see-”
Nicholas put his left hand up in a halting motion to stop whatever Jeremy was about to say. “If you’re wondering why she isn’t wearing her wedding ring, it’s because the stone was loose and it’s at the jeweler’s being repaired.” He peered down at me with the sincerest look on his face that…hell, I almost believed I was married to him. “Right, baby?”
Again, what in the ever-lovin’ hell?
“Uh….” In my defense, this was Nicholas Savage; hot, sexy, billionaire CEO. This would have been my same exact response had this happened without the beers and tequila.
What in the hell was going on?
I didn’t see Ashton Kutcher, so I wasn’t being Punk’d, but that still didn’t mean I wasn’t on the receiving end of a bet or something equally embarrassing.
Looking back to face Jeremy, Nicholas continued on with his obviously drug-induced imaginings. “And before you start wondering where in the hell I’ve been all night while she’s been sitting here drinking with her friends-” He took a step closer to Jeremy, almost blocking him off completely from me. “-I’ve hanging out upstairs, out of her way, so that she could have a good time. However, I draw the line at random strangers actually approaching her.” As he was talking, Nicholas moved to position himself to the point where I was staring at his back, and I couldn’t get a glimpse of Jeremy at all. He leaned down and inclined his head just enough where there was no way Jeremy could mistake his intent. “Find someone else. Trust me when I say you’ll be healthier for it.”
I peeked around Nicholas’ back and saw Jeremy take a small step back. “Yeah, man. Sorry, I didn’t know she was taken.” He noticed me from behind Nicholas. “It was nice to meet you, Avery.” Looking back at Nicholas, he said, “You guys have a nice night.”
I knew this was getting repetitious but what in the ever-lovin’ hell?
Once it was clear that Jeremy was leaving for good, Nicholas turned back around to face me. He nodded. “Ms. Ellis.”
“Uh…” While not the most articulate reply I’ve ever had, what did he expect?
Nicholas smirked as he made himself at home in Quinn’s seat. I looked back over towards the back of the bar to see if Quinn and Isabella were making their way back from the restrooms because I didn’t know what the hell to do, and I was seriously starting to panic. Not to mention, his presence was starting to kill my buzz.
“Having a good time?” I turned to face him again and I saw that he was still wearing that goddamn smirk. He knew I was flustered. He knew he was the reason why I was flustered. I wanted to smack that smirk off his unbelievably gorgeous face.
But, Sweet Jesus, the man was hot, and I couldn’t help but stare. This was the first time I’ve ever seen him up close and in person, and the magazine covers didn’t do him justice.
I snapped out of my daze, then looked around the table on the off chance that a shot had been neglected because I really needed a shot right now. Nope. No shots left. “Uh, Mr. Sav-”
“We’re off the clock, Ms. Ellis. You may call me Nicholas,” he graciously allowed.
Don’t think so. “Uh, Mr. Savage…why…what…uh, what are you doing here?” Was that rude? Was I being rude? I didn’t think I was being rude, but right now, what the hell did I know?
Nicholas chuckled. “Chase, Julian, and I were having a night out up in the VIP area when we happened to notice you ladies hanging out down here.” He made a point to glance around the table-top to all our empty shot glasses.
“Oh.” His brows shot up with an expectation of more. “Actually, what I meant was…what are you doing here? At our table? Talking to me?” I knew that sounded self-depreciating and a little pathetic, but what the fuck, Chuck? This man employed thousands of people, so how the hell did he even know who I was? I mean, they were sitting up in VIP, so why weren’t they drunk, naked, and carrying on with as many women as they could cram into that room?
He full-out laughed at me. “Am I not welcomed to sit with you?”
Okay, now I was getting irritated. He was acting like I was being ridiculous when he knew damn well this was an out-of-the-norm situation. Where the hell was Rhonda? If Quinn and Izzy weren’t going to get back soon, I needed Rhonda. I pointed a finger at him. “That’s not what I mean, and you know it. I’ll admit, I may have had a bit to drink, but I’m not that far gone. Why are you talking to me like this is a casual everyday occurrence, Mr. Savage?”
He leaned into me. “I’ve already told you, call me Nicholas.”
I closed the gap between us even more. “And as you so graciously pointed out, we are off the clock. That means your authority over me ended hours ago, Mr. Savage.”
Had I not been all up in his face, I would have missed the slight tightening of his jaw. “You think so, Ms. Ellis?”
Whoa, wait. Was that a trick question? Did Izzy lie to me? Could he fire me even if I was off the clock? I was an hourly employee, so I knew my employment wasn’t as secured as the salary folks, but he couldn’t just fire me for being rude, could he?
To hell with it. In for a drunk penny, in for a drunk pound. “Yes. You can’t just order me around on my own time. While I grant you that during office hours you are my boss and have the right to dictate my life, after hours you are neither my husband-regardless of what my new friend, Jeremy, believes-my father, my brother, nor even a distant cousin. And without any of those titles, you’re just another random guy at the club, Boss.”
Nicholas vacated Q’s seat and placed himself directly in front of me. Even sitting on a high-top table chair, I had to lean my head back to be able to look up at him. The fucker was tall. He placed his right hand on the back of my chair and his left hand on the table-top, effectively caging me in as he narrowed his chocolate babies at me. “Are you really this brave, Ms. Ellis, or is all that alcohol in your system making you feel invincible?”
I narrowed my eyes back at him. “You mean the alcohol that’s responsible for my buzz that you’re currently killing?”
He leaned in closer, and I noticed his eyes would occasionally drop down towards my lips and it made me want to lick them. Still, there’s no way that with his pick of any woman on the West Coast that Nicholas Savage would be interested in me. I must be drunker than I thought. Maybe he was drunker than I thought.
“Are you drunk,” I ungracefully blurted out.
He shook his head. “No. Not by a long shot. But make no mistake, even if I had been, seeing that putz hitting on you would have sobered me up quick.”
Okay, so then I was drunker than I thought because why else would he say that? Nothing he was saying was making any drunken goddamn sense. I shook my head a little to try to clear the alcoholic fog that was clearly making me stupid. “Look, I get that the universe quakes, quivers, and bow downs at your command, but you’re jacking me up here. Say what you mean and mean what you say because I don’t have the time for games. Drunk or sober.”
I was so getting fired. Hopefully, I didn’t take Quinn with me.
Nicholas leaned in closer-if that was possible-and was about to comment when Quinn and Isabella finally made it back to our table. And because clearly The Good Lord was mad at me, they weren’t alone.
Izzy, Mr. Alexander, and Mr. Moretti’s expressions were casual, but Quinn’s was looking at me like-as I said earlier-what in the ever-lovin’ hell?
Nicholas must have heard their approached because he moved to stand next to me, making room for Quinn and Izzy to sit back in their seats.
“Hey, Ace.” Quinn’s eyebrows were back down where they belonged. “Sorry we took so long, but we got held up.” She tilted her head towards the other two buzz killers. Iz remained quiet.
“I see.” I was already reeling from having to deal with Nicholas, so bringing these two into the mix was not going to help my situation at all. The oodles of testosterone were suffocating.
“Ms. Ellis.”
“Avery.”
“Good to see you, Mr. Moretti, Mr. Alexander.” I looked back at the girls to get some kind of clue as to what the hell was going on, but they were no help. They looked to be just as dumbfounded as I was.
“What’d we miss, Ace?” I wanted to laugh. Quinn was already looking around for Rhonda.
I know, Q. Believe me, I know.
And because alcohol was just as angry with me as God was, my mouth lost its filter. “Oh, not much. I was sitting here minding my own goddamn business, when this really cute guy named Jeremy came up to me, asking for my phone number, but before I could give it to him, Mr. Savage scared him away.”
“Ace-” Later on in life, I’ll appreciate how Q tried to save me, but not so much now.
“And now it’s almost midnight and I still haven’t found a random stranger to make my sexual fantasy a reality. I’m peanut butterless, Q. Peanut butterless.”

*****

Nicholas~
The table had gone completely quiet.
Peanut butterless?
I looked around the table to get an idea of what the fuck she was talking about, but no one was any help. Julian had his eyes closed and was shaking his head. Chase’s eyebrows where damn near on the top of his head, no doubt trying to figure out where peanut butter fell into all of this. Mystery Girl straight up face-palmed herself. Quinn was clearly looking around for a waitress to bring them more drinks. And Avery looked like the top of her ice cream cone just went splat.
Good times.
Before I could ask the question that was on every man’s mind-at least, every man at this table-Becky made an appearance and added another sideshow to this circus. “Oh, wow! These are your wives?” She looked the girls over. “You ladies are so lucky to have such loving husbands. See those girls over there.” She nodded her head towards the table of blondes that had sent over the shots earlier. “They were trying to get invited up to the VIP with these guys, but they made it very clear they were taken.” Becky took the girls’ stunned expressions as permission to continue. “And they were sweethearts all night long. I usually get a lot of pricks posted up there, but your husbands were just dears. You ladies are very lucky.”
Chase threw his arm around a confused Quinn. “Nah, Becky, we’re the lucky ones.” He moved to give Quinn a kiss on top of her head. “I wouldn’t be where I am right now if it wasn’t for this gorgeous woman.”
Before Becky could respond, Mystery Girl erupted with, “Shots, Becky. We need shots.”
“And another bucket of beers, please,” Quinn chokingly added.
“Of course,” she replied, smiling. “Coming right up.”
The table had gone silent again once Becky walked back to the bar to get the girls their drinks.
After a few seconds, Mystery Girl threw an upward glance at Julian. “So, do I need to hit the DMV tomorrow and change my name to Isabella Moretti?” With Chase having his arm around Quinn and me practically sitting on Avery, it wasn’t rocket science for her to see that she was paired up with Julian.
Julian cocked his head and looked down at her. “Don’t forget the bank and social security office, too.” Then he winked at her.
I looked around the club and saw that it was too packed to find a table that would accommodate all six of us. So, either we could go back to the VIP room, or we’d be stuck standing the rest of the night. Before I could suggest that we head back upstairs with the girls in tow, Becky arrived with the beers and round of shots. “Here you go, ladies.” She placed a bucket in the center of the table and placed a shot in front of each of the girls. “That’ll be an even fifty.”
“Please add it to our tab, Becky, along with whatever else they order for the rest of the night.” I placed my arm around the back of Avery’s chair, hoping she didn’t break off the end of one of the empty beer bottles and stab me with it. I didn’t take her for the violent type, but alcohol did things to people, so you could never be too careful.
“It’s crowded down here, why don’t we go back up to the VIP?” I was grateful Chase suggested it. I wasn’t sure how Avery would have received it had it come from me.
“Yes. I think you guys absolutely should,” Avery encouraged.
“Yeah, don’t let us stop you,” Quinn chimed in.
Isabella (which I have to say suited her far better than Mystery Girl) grabbed a shot and held it up to signal the girls to grab theirs. They all three held up their glasses in a toast and drank down the shots like professionals. I studied Avery to see if I could tell just how drunk she was. “How many shots have you had tonight?”
If looks could kill, Chase and Julian would be preparing my eulogy right now. “It’s going to take being married to me for longer than thirty minutes before you can start dictating what I can and cannot do, Nicholas.”
I huffed, but I was so happy that she finally said my name that I didn’t care how ridiculous the conversation about our fake marriage was. I leaned close enough that my lips touched her ear. “That’s not how this works, baby. The second you said, ‘I do’, I had full control over you and that body of yours.”
I felt her shiver and it took everything I had not to grab a handful of her hair, yank her head back, then kiss the fuck out of her in full view of the entire club. Luckily, Julian’s voice brought me back from that brink of madness.
“I don’t know about your guys’ marriages, but in mine, I wear the goddamn pants.” And with that, he grabbed Isabella by the hand, yanked her out of her seat, maneuvered her around the back of Quinn’s chair, then started cutting through the dance floor to take her up to the VIP balcony.
I could barely hear her shouting over the music, but like the good little kidnapped victim she was, Isabella just shouted, “Grab my purse, please!”
Avery and Quinn looked after her with identical looks of shock on their faces, but before either of them could comment, Chase grabbed what I assume was Isabella’s purse, then Quinn’s since they were both on their side of the table, then pulled the same move that Julian had. “Looks like we’re going with Plan B, Sav.” He grinned and dragged a protesting Quinn behind him.
I got my wallet out and left another hundred on the table. “Are you going to come quietly, or do I have to throw you over my shoulder, kicking and screaming?” When I looked over at her, I honest-to-goodness wanted to laugh. She had the most serious look on her face, like she was giving it some real consideration. I grabbed her chin with my thumb and forefinger and tilted her head, so she had to look straight at me. “Make no mistake, Mrs. Savage. I will carry you kicking and screaming, no matter who’s watching or recording us on their phones.” I could see the mention of recording give her pause. No sane person wanted to be immortalized on the internet forever for stupid shit.
She focused her gaze on me, internally waging if I was serious or not. I was about to hoist her up off her chair when her next question stopped me. “If my ring is at the jeweler’s getting reset, where’s your ring, Mr. Happily-Married?”
God, she was enchanting. In the short thirty minutes that I’ve been in her company, she has shown to be beautiful, fierce, quirky, sweet, and a complete smartass. “You trust me so implicitly that I don’t need to wear a ring.”
She snorted, and while she reached for a beer with her right hand, she flipped me off with her left.
I laughed. I couldn’t help it. I wondered if she was this quirky sober. “Come on.” I angled my head towards the VIP area. “Your friends are waiting.”
She grabbed her purse, and I grabbed the bucket of remaining beers. “I want you to know that the only reason I am following you up there is to rescue my friends.”
I helped her off her chair but kept ahold of her elbow with my right hand, so she wouldn’t take off without me. As I began to lead her away from the table, Rhonda appeared. “Is this table open now?”
“Yes, thank you, Rhonda. Avery, Quinn, and Isabella will be upstairs with us for the rest of the night.”
“You want a new round of drinks?” she asked, already clearing off the table.
“Yes, please.” I didn’t know what made me do it, but as I pulled Avery in front of me, so that I could follow her upstairs, I kissed her on the top of her head. “Come on, Imp. Let’s go.” She peered up at me and raised her brows, but blessedly, she didn’t give me any shit and headed towards the VIP stairway.
I had been fighting a hard-on all night when I was watching her earlier, but now being in direct view of her tight little ass in those jeans as she walked up the stairs…well, that had me holding the bucket of beers in front of my crotch. Holy fucking hell, this woman was sexy. I didn’t have a particular preference when it came to women. Tall, short, thin, thick, blonde, brunette, redhead, I didn’t really care. If I was attracted, I was attracted. The only thing I couldn’t stand was a stupid, simpering female. Those I couldn’t deal with, no matter how much gag reflex they lacked. However, there was something decidedly female about Avery that had my dick threatening me with all kinds of bodily harm if I didn’t seal the deal. The second she looked up at me with those fucking silver eyes of hers, I knew I was fucked.
When we finally made it to the room, Isabella was cradled next to Julian on one end of the couch, looking rather cozy, and Quinn was next to Chase on the other end of the couch, looking a might bit sour. Looked like Avery was going to be stuck sitting on my lap in one of the single chairs.
I set the bucket on the table and Quinn quickly reached right over to pluck out a beer. “This is turning out to be a complete disaster, Ace.” Quinn shot Isabella a sidelong glance. “Except for Izzy. She might still manage to have a successful night.” She plunked herself backwards, elbowing Chase in the gut.
“Oomph.”
I sat down and pulled Avery down onto my lap, but asked, “Ace?”
Avery waved the question away. “Nickname based off my initials, Avery Christine Ellis.” And because she hadn’t tortured me enough for one night, she bent over and stretched out to grab a beer out of the bucket on the table. She was going to sit back down on a surprise, but it couldn’t be helped. While I knew she hadn’t done it with the purpose of seducing me, what did she expect?
I knew the second she recognized what she was sitting on because she tensed and immediately started to jump up off my lap. I wrapped my arms around her waist and dragged her back down and held her there. If she wasn’t going to help my dick go down, then she could damn sure hide it from view.
“I prefer Imp.”
She scoffed. “I don’t care what you prefer. I’m still filing for divorce tomorrow.”
“Law offices are closed on the weekend.” She was not fake divorcing me. Period.
Rhonda chose that moment to show up with our drinks, and she noticed Quinn was looking none too happy. “Oh, honey, don’t be mad at your man. You guys are too cute to be cross with each other.” She gave Quinn a sassy wink, and then left just as quickly as she had arrived.
Chase leaned over to nuzzle Quinn’s neck behind her ear. “Yeah, babe, don’t be cross with me.”
Isabella laughed softly and even Julian let out a quiet chuckle. It looked like out of the six of us, those two were the only ones going with the flow. No doubt Julian was thinking that karma was a wonderful thing right now. “Okay, looks like we can just try again next weekend.” Quinn looked pointedly at Chase. “Somewhere else.”
Chase gave her an irritated look which surprised the shit out of me because out of the three of us, Chase was the most laid back, and he didn’t stress over women. “Try what again, exactly?”
To my horror, it was Avery who drunkenly answered, “What do you think? We came out tonight to get laid. Same as you, I suspect.”
I heard a mumbled ‘Jesus’ out of Julian as he took a drink of his beer, but Chase was more vocal with his ‘motherfucker’ as he reached for his Seven & Seven on the table. I was so stunned at her honesty it took me a second to comprehend what she actually had said.
And when I did…
I stood up, forcing Avery to stand with me. “What the fuck did you just say?”
As she turned around to face me, she placed her hands on her hips, and got right up in my face. “I said we came out here tonight to get laid, same as you, Pot. Or do you prefer to be Kettle?”
Chapter 6
Gluttony: Because, apparently, I need more drinks. How else am I supposed to be
able to handle this lunatic’s fantasies?

Nicholas~
I knew I shouldn’t have been this unnerved by her declaration, but I was. No matter how strong a buzz I may have had going on, and no matter how much fun the banter was, I knew she wasn’t really my wife. She wasn’t even my girlfriend. Hell, she wasn’t even really my date. The sad fact was that she was simply just one of my many employees. However, unlike all my other employees, I just happened to want to fuck this one. And before her unfiltered outburst, I hadn’t been concerned with anything farther than a one-night stand. But now I wasn’t so sure where I was going with all of this.
“Are you out of your fucking mind?!” I roared. I knew I didn’t have the right, but I didn’t care. And the fact that I saw Julian, Isabella, Chase, and Quinn get comfortable on the couch to watch the fireworks wasn’t going to deter me, either. I yanked the beer she was holding out of her hand. “I’m cutting you off because you’re obviously drunk.”
She snatched another beer out of the bucket. “I’m neither drunk nor out of my mind. We made these plans before we even started drinking.” She didn’t back down at all. “And I fail to see how it’s any of your business. I am off the damn clock, Boss.”
I was really starting to hate that word. I got back in her face. “The way I see it, you must be out of your mind if you think I’m going to just sit back and watch you pick up some random stranger to take home. Do you have any idea how dangerous that is?”
She took a couple of steps back, so that she could spear me with her glare. “No more dangerous than it is for you to pick up some random female and take her home with you.”
“Are you high? It’s not the same thing and you know it,” I responded. “The risks are not even close to comparable when it comes to men and women picking up strangers.”
She crossed her arms over her chest and regarded me with a one raised brow. “Oh, really?”
No doubt all three ladies were going to want to stab me by the time I was done, but it needed to be said. “Don’t play stupid, Avery. Men are the dominant species, so the odds of a woman causing us harm is way less than what a man is capable of doing to a woman.”
“You sexist asshole!” I noticed everyone on the couch cringe. “So, you’re telling me that, while a woman has you captivated by her silicone-enhanced cleavage, it’s not possible for her to slip a drug in your drink?” She started pacing in front of the glass wall as she continued to make her arguments. “It’s not possible for her to lure you to her hotel room, only to have some guys waiting there to beat you up and rob you? Are you saying that a woman is not capable of giving you an STD or poking a hole in the condom?” She stopped her pacing to come back and stand right in front of me again. “Men are every bit as in danger as women are, you arrogant prick.”
“Avery-” Isabella tried to interrupt, no doubt trying to settle us down. After all, she seemed to be the only one happy with the way the night was panning out if the way she was nestled next to Julian was any indication.
She looked over at Isabella. “No, Iz. I was getting along perfectly fine before he came along and cock-blocked me.” Looking back at me, she continued her tirade. “What gives you the right?”
“Are you not hearing me?” I took a step forward, leaning as far down as I could to get right in her face. “It’s fucking dangerous, and while I may only be your boss, that still puts you and Quinn under my protection, whether you like it or not!”
“You are such a jackass. Did it ever occur to you that maybe I want dangerous?”
That brought me up short.
“Holy shit,” Chase managed before Quinn shushed him.
“That’s the problem with you men.” Avery made a point to look over at both Julian and Chase to make sure they got the message that she was lumping them in with the ‘men’ she was referring to. “Unless a woman is occupying a street corner, you guys automatically assume we want missionary with the lights off. God forbid we actually watch porn and want to get fucked. Nooooooooooooooo, a good girl is limited to romantic candles and clean sheets.” Avery shook her head at Quinn. “Peanut butterless, Quinn. This fool-” She swung her arm in my direction just in case anyone was confused about who the fool was that she was referring to. “-has got me peanut butterless.”
Julian raised his hand to halt the madness. “Okay, I have to ask. What the hell are you talking about? What is peanut butterless?” Isabella shook her head as if she were already predicting that this was going to end badly.
“Yeah,’’ Chase joined in. “What the hell do you mean by peanut butterless?”
“It’s a metaphor,” Isabella explained.
Chase leaned up to look over at her. “For fucking what?”
Quinn rolled her eyes and plucked Chase’s drink out of his hand and took a swallow. “For our sexual fantasies, you moron.”
I ran my hands through my hair and down my face. I need to either stop drinking or drink more to follow their lunacy. “Your sexual fantasies involve peanut butter?”
“No. Were you not paying attention to what Izzy just said?” Avery sounded as frustrated as I felt. What in the hell was she doing to me?
Isabella cleared her throat a little. “Uh, we sort of made a pact before we came out tonight that we were going to, uh, pick up a random stranger and have him fulfill one or more sexual fantasy we had.”
You could have heard a pin drop.
I didn’t know about Julian or Chase, but I felt like my heart was going to beat out of my chest. Normally, I didn’t have issues when it came to women, but right now, in this moment, I was at a loss. I didn’t know if I wanted her to confess her fantasy, especially in front of Chase and Julian, or keep it to herself. The anxiousness came in wondering how far out of the realm were her desires. Once she voiced her wants, this could only go one of two ways; either I was going to bring her fantasy to life, or I was going to cower and admit I wasn’t the man for the job.
The alcohol in her system didn’t give me a choice, though. “Yeah. So, while you’re over here talking about how dangerous taking a stranger home is-and by the way, I wouldn’t take him to my house, we’d go to a hotel room-that is my fantasy.”
“What?” I managed to choke out.
She folded her arms across her chest and put all her weight on her right leg, tilting her stance a little. “All day long, I am surrounded by these new age males who get manicures, pedicures, pluck their eyebrows, man-scape their business, and discuss crap they saw on The View. The View. So, basically, I’m surrounded by women all day.” She looked over at Quinn. “Right, Q?”
“True story,” came from the vicinity of the couch.
“I have walked into the break room and witnessed men talking about great new moisturizers while a woman was refilling the water dispenser with a new jug,” she went on. “Forget about women’s equal rights, it’s just common damn courtesy to ask someone if they would like some help.” She paused long enough to take another drink of her beer because clearly her honesty needed to be alcohol fueled. “You guys are all melding together to the point where I don’t know who’s straight and who’s gay anymore.”
She came back to stand in front of me, narrowing her eyes, so that I would get the point that she was serious. “I like men, Boss. Real men. Not ones I think could, might, maybe be men. So, yeah, while my fantasy may be a little reckless, I want someone who is going to make sure there is no confusion about who the man is in the bedroom. I want him to be bigger, stronger, harder, meaner, and more forceful than I am.” She took a step closer just to torment me. “I want him to take from me. I want to know I am at his mercy. I want to wake up with his bruises and bite marks all over my goddamn body. I want the perfect mixture of being afraid of him but having complete trust in him to not cross the line beyond my fantasy. I want to be owned. And I want it with someone who is a complete stranger, so that whatever judgments he may end up having leave with him in the morning, and I never have to see him again.”
“Holy Mary, Mother of God,” Chase breathed out.
Quinn gave him a sidelong glance. “You really are a tool. Every woman wants that, you clueless, clueless man.”
Julian reached up with the arm he had around Isabella, grabbed a handful of her hair, and yanked her head back until she was forced to have to look up at him. “Is that one of your fantasies? You want someone to caveman you?”
“Maybe,” came her quiet, low response, and I was pretty sure I heard Julian growl.
I didn’t blame Chase and Julian one bit, though. The picture Avery painted would have had any man worth his salt hard as fuck. While she was thinking that this was her own personal sexual fantasy, this fantasy, in fact, belonged to a lot of the male population. Dominance over a woman was basic animal instinct, old as time itself. I wasn’t a complete sexist pig. I believed women had every right to chase their dreams and do more than live in the shadows of men. However, while women could do almost anything a man could, they shouldn’t have to. I grew up believing that men were created to conquer, and women were created to submit. Still, Avery had a point. If a man was too busy with his manicure and pedicure appointments to go out and conquer, then he wasn’t deserving of any woman submitting to him.
I gave Isabella and Quinn a quick glance before I gave Avery back my full attention. “And you think a complete stranger is going to pay enough attention or care enough about you to make an effort to stay within the boundaries of your violently sexual fantasy?”
Avery blanched a bit. “Wanting a man to be the aggressor in the bedroom does not equate violence,” she countered.
I looked over at the guys. “A little help here, assholes?”
Julian cleared his throat. This entire conversation was odd and uncomfortable. One of our employees was standing here, buzzed to inhibition, telling us her sexual fantasy, and her two cohorts were buzzed enough to let her. Nothing about this was a good idea. “Avery,” Julian gave me a quick glance, “I think what Nick is trying to impress upon you is that there’s a certain level of recklessness involved with giving a man who is not your husband or boyfriend that kind of authority over your body. That’s a hell of a lot of power to give a man. It’s dangerous, especially with a stranger.”
I let out a Julian-worthy sigh. “Exactly.”
Avery put her hands back on her hips and pinned Julian with one of the menacing stares she’s been reserving for me all night. “Thanks for the concern, Dad, but I think I’ll risk it.”
She pointed her finger back and forth between Quinn and Isabella. “You guys can stay here with your newly acquired husbands and trade knitting secrets if you want, but I’m going back downstairs, grabbing whichever man looks like he can get the job done, and going through with our pact.”
She plopped the bottle of beer she was holding on the table and headed towards the door to make good on her ridiculous plan. Little did she know that there was no way in hell I was going to let that happen. Never mind that her plan was dangerous and reckless, but I had already made the decision early on that I wanted her, and if she was going to wake up in the morning with anyone’s bruises and bite marks on her body, they were going to be mine.
I came up behind her, wrapped my right arm around her waist, then dragged her back against my body before she could reach the door handle. I leaned down and brushed my lips against the shell of her ear. “Not so fast, baby.” She immediately tried to pry my arm from her body, so I tightened my arm around her and brought my other arm around to pin her arms to her body. “Tsk, tsk, tsk, you want to make your fantasy a reality right here in front of everybody?” She stilled in my arms. “What’s it going to be, Imp? Because you’re out of your goddamn mind if you think you’re leaving here with anyone but me.”

*****

Avery~
My buzz was dying a rather rapid death.
This night was turning out to be a disaster of epic proportions. I let my boss get under my drunken skin to the point where I had blurted out my most sacred sexual fantasy to everyone in the room.
I wasn’t overly concerned with Q and Iz because, let’s face it, I would have told them all about it eventually anyway. But, no, I spilled my guts to not one of my bosses, but all three.
Monday was going to suck donkey balls.
“Let me go.” I started twisting and turning to loosen Nicholas’ hold on me, but damn, was he strong. And because he was so much taller than I was, I didn’t have the leverage to swing my leg back and kick him in his manhood.
“Not happening unless you give up this insane little plan of yours.”
I closed my eyes and tried to count to ten, but I only got as far as five. “If you do not let go of me right now, I will unleash a female hell upon you the likes of which no man has ever seen and lived to tell about it.”
He loosened his hold on me, but only enough to be able to turn me around in his arms. I couldn’t help but notice that everyone behind him was still enraptured by our little drama. I attempted to give him my best threatening glare, but Christ on a cracker, this man was beautiful. “Let go of me.”
He had the audacity to smirk at me again. “Not happening until you abandon your idiotic plan.”
“I will cut you.” I jutted my chin out towards our audience. “And my girls will have your boys’ throats slit before they can get up quick enough to save you.” Normally, I wasn’t a fan of violence, but this man was ruining everything that had started out great about this night.
“First of all, my boys can take your girls,” Nicholas scoffed. “Secondly, the only cuts that you’ll be putting on my body will be the slash marks on my back from your nails.” He leaned in closer, so that only I could hear him. “Say yes, Avery. Let me be the one to make your dirty dream a reality. I promise, baby, I will leave your body so broken and bruised that you won’t be able to leave my bed in the morning.”
Pretty sure my lungs just stopped working.
However, the rest of my body was alive and tempted by his words.
Just looking into his beautiful brown eyes had the ability to steal my breath. However, looking into them while he made promises to own my body had me nearly expiring on the spot. I wanted nothing more than to say yes and let him drag me wherever he needed to in order to make this happen, but he was my boss. My boss’ boss’ boss. I had already crossed so many inappropriate lines that I wasn’t even sure I’d have a job on Monday. And while he may have leaped over the lines of impropriety first, he was still the boss. He wasn’t going to lose his job over this.
I looked around him to get an idea of which way the girls wanted this to swing. If I said yes, there was no doubt in my mind that Isabella would go home with Julian and Quinn would work her magic on Chase. Of course, other than Julian supporting Nicholas and Chase in their pursuing of two of their employees, there was nothing wrong with him and Isabella making a night of it. Still, Iz wouldn’t go solo like that. She was a true Musketeer. “Iz? Q?”
Isabella shook her head. “This doesn’t impact me the way it does you two. It’s your call.”
Julian leaned back to get a better facing view of Iz. “What do you mean it’s their call? Are you telling me you don’t care about the outcome either way?” I could tell Julian was getting uneasy about possibly losing out on Iz, but hell, look at her…what man wouldn’t?
“You’re not my boss, Julian. There are no ramifications for me, no matter which way this night ends. Whether I go home with you tonight or not, my life will still continue on like normal tomorrow.” She took a drink of her beer, before adding, “You’ve helped build a multi-billion-dollar company, surely you’re not too stupid to have assessed this.”
And then he said something that surprised the shit out of me and was sure to have given Iz second thoughts. “And surely you’re not stupid enough to believe that if you went home with me tonight, your life would continue on like normal tomorrow, Isabella.” He grabbed her chin and held her face between his fingers. “Because you’re not one of my employees, there is nothing that would stop me from keeping you once I had you. So, you better give this a little more consideration than you had originally planned.” He let go of her face and took his shot.
Damn, that was hot.
I turned my head from Julian and Iz to look back at Nicholas, and by the look on his face, I could tell he knew what I was thinking. Julian’s little power play had fallen in line with my fantasy. However, before either of us could say anything, Quinn made the decision for all of us.
“Alright, enough is enough.” She stood up, bent over a little to grab Isabella’s hand, hoisted her up from the comfort that was Julian’s body, then dragged Iz behind her towards me. “Hands off the drunk girl, Mr. Savage.” She stuck her arm in between our bodies and wiggled her way in, finally separating us. Julian and Chase had made their way over, so that they were now standing slightly behind Nicholas. Quinn had their full attention. “While being married to you three has been an absolute hoot, it’s time to file the paperwork for the annulments.” She ran her finger back and forth, pointing to all three of them. “Now that you guys have killed my buzz and I am able to actually think clearly, I am calling quits to this insanity. You guys are our bosses, and no matter how much we might not want that to be the case, drunk and horny as we all are, it is. Avery and I cannot afford to lose our jobs and you guys don’t need the drama when you can clearly pick up any piece of ass in this place. And since there’s no such thing as love at first sight, you boys can’t play that card. So, go pick up some ass that’s more suitable to your lifestyles, and we’ll do the same.”
This was why Quinn was my hero. This girl was not scared of anything. Go Quinn.
She turned her back on the men and placed her hands on our backs to usher us out the door. “Let’s go girls. We can play fantasy roulette again next weekend.”
“Wait,” this from Chase. “Do you really think this is the end of this?” He slid past Nicholas-who had an unreadable expression on his face-to stand directly in front of Q. “Do you honestly believe that knowing what we know, we’re just going to let you girls do this without us?”
“I fail to see how you can stop us, Mr. Alexander,” Quinn responded, reminding him of his role in our lives.
Admittedly, I didn’t know these men very well, but up until now, Chase had come across as the easy-going of the three. That didn’t seem the case anymore. “Is that a challenge?”
“No.” Quinn didn’t back down. She never backed down. “That’s a mere statement of fact, Mr. Alexander. Avery, Izzy, and I can walk out of this club right now and go find someone else to fuck, and there’s no way you could stop us.”
We were so busy going to battle with each other, none of us had noticed Becky coming up the stairway until she was opening the door into the room. “Oh, are you guys going downstairs to dance, or are you guys getting ready to leave?”
“We’re leaving.” Nicholas answered for all of us. “What’s the damage, Becky?”
“Oh, well, Brian said your drinks were on the house.”
“Did you guys have a tab running?” Nicholas asked us.
Isabella answered him, “No. We paid as we drank.”
He pulled out his wallet and pulled out four one-hundred-dollar bills and started to hand them to Becky. She started protesting vehemently, “No, no, no…your bill is on the house tonight. This is-”
Nicholas placed the bills on her cocktail tray. “Then keep it for Rhonda and yourself. You ladies were excellent servers tonight.”
Becky looked like she was going to cry. What one person considered a little thing was often be someone else’s big thing. “Thank you, so much. Really, this is…thank you, guys.” She turned her head around as she was walking out the door. “Be careful getting home.” And with that, she left us.
“Now back to what we were discussing before Becky arrived,” Chase started.
“There’s nothing to continue discussing. We’re leaving.” Once again, Quinn placed her hands on our backs to usher us out of the room.
My only warning was a ‘fuck that bullshit’ before I felt someone grab my arm and yank me around. I managed to get a quick glance of Nicholas before he lifted me over his right shoulder and wrapped his arms around my legs to anchor me there.
“Are you mad?! Put me down, you lunatic!” My buzz may have been wearing off, but I had consumed so much alcohol tonight that hanging me upside down was not in the best interest of Nicholas’ clothes.
“Plan B it is.” I couldn’t lift my body high enough to see, but by the sounds of Izzy’s shrieks, I’d say she was mostly cradled in Julian’s arms in some way, shape, or form.
Still hanging over Nicholas’ shoulders, I heard Quinn very sharply and very sternly say, “Don’t even think about it, Chase Alexander. I will fuck you up-” And just like that, we had another man down. Or I should say woman, as this were the case.
“Let’s go.” Nicholas ordered as he began my kidnapping. “Hopefully, the music is loud enough, and the people are drunk enough, that they won’t pay attention to these three shrieking like she-devils.”
She-devils?
“You sonofabitch!” I started banging my fists on his back.
He slapped my ass. Hard. “Shut it, woman.”
Julian had the presence of mind to hand us each of our bags which kept us from being able to beat on them without having all our crap fall out of our purses.
Well played, jackass. Well played.
And that was how we ended our first night at Xavier’s, by being carted out of VIP by our bosses. Though, once we were outside and I got a whiff of some fresh air, shit got serious. “Nicholas?”
He completely ignored me. “Okay, I’ll take this one home. You guys got those two?”
This one?
The jerk.
“Nicholas?” I tried again.
He let out a deep sigh like he was already bored with my right to free will. I could picture him rolling his eyes. “What is it now, Imp?”
“If you don’t put me down right this second, I’m going to throw up all over your five-hundred-dollar shirt.” Because, clearly, I hadn’t embarrassed myself enough tonight with this man.
Nicolas put me down so fast that I lost my footing and almost fell. Thank God he was quick enough to keep that from happening. “Take a deep breath.” He bent his knees to level himself with my face. “Are you okay, baby?”
I should not enjoy hearing him call me ‘baby’ so much, but I did. “Yeah.” And all of a sudden, I felt so tired. “I’ll call a cab to get us home. We’ll be fine.”
He laughed. “Not a chance. Julian is taking Isabella home. Chase is seeing to Quinn. And I’m making sure you get home safe and peanut butterless.” The fucker kissed me on top of my head.
I smacked his arms off me and made my way to Q and Iz. Julian had set Izzy down and now stood behind her with his arms around her waist. Quinn was still being held captive over Chase’s shoulder, though. “You guys okay with the curfew arrangements?”
Isabella just smiled and nodded, but it wasn’t like we hadn’t all see that coming. I walked around Chase and ducked my head to get a look at Quinn. She looked murderous. “You cool, Q?”
“The only reason I’m letting him take me home is so that I can lure him into my apartment and cut him up into tiny pieces. I may be calling you later tonight to bring over some more trash bags,” she growled.
“No problem, I got you. Just make sure you drain his body of as much blood as possible before you start cutting him up. Less blood splatter that way.” I kissed her cheek.
I heard Chase utter, “What the fuck?” as I made my way back to Nicholas.
Looking up at him, I said, “Okay, Boss, take me home.”
Chapter 7
Envy: Because both my eyes work, and them sonsofbitches are hot.

Avery~
It was Monday morning, and I could hear Chopin’s Funeral March playing in my head as I walked in the building of SMA. The hangover I had woken up with on Saturday morning hadn’t as bad as it should’ve been. The humiliation though, that had been spot on.
Still was.
The level of embarrassment I was feeling was going to need some serious therapy to overcome. The only bright spot that morning was that had Quinn made good on her threat to chop Chase into little pieces, well, then, I’d only have to live with my humiliation two-folds instead of three. It hadn’t been until she called me later that day that I found out Chase was still alive and kicking.
Bummer.
I had also found out during Q’s phone call that, while she hadn’t murdered Chase, she hadn’t slept with him, either. He had turned out to be a perfect gentleman, and after making sure she’d gotten into her apartment safely, he had set her up with some aspirin and water, then he’d given her a very chaste kiss good night. It had thrown me for a loop because it was exactly the same thing Nicholas had done for me. I supposed that for all their Neanderthal ways, they drew the line at taking advantage of drunk, sex-deprived women.
Lucky us.
So, I had spent all day Saturday nursing my hangover and being lazy, and Sunday I’d done my monthly girl-cleaning. Girl-cleaning was when I scrubbed showers, toilets, cleaned base boards, and all that jazz. Most people detail-cleaned every few months, but I did it monthly because I had neat and clean issues. Or just issues. Whatever.
Isabella had made her rounds on Sunday, checking on Quinn and me to make sure we were okay. After I had assured her that she didn’t have to place me on suicide watch, she had confessed to going home with Julian. And because we were those girls, and our secrets were ironclad safe with each other, she’d gone on to tell me that he was unlike anyone she has ever come across. She hadn’t gone into details, but her message had been loud and clear, and I had found myself a bit envious. Julian Moretti looked like he had more than enough skills to put it down in the bedroom and I bet his aggression was all natural, no roleplaying required. The only problem was that it wasn’t Julian who made me breathless. It was that prick, Nicholas Savage.
I made my way across the lobby along with fifty other people ready to report for work. I looked around for Quinn, but I couldn’t find her in the massive throng of co-workers. Maybe she arrived earlier and was already at her desk.
I cattled myself into the elevator with about seven other employees, feeling like I was on my way to face the executioner, and it sucked. Still, the actual elevator ride wasn’t that bad since the number of occupants was actually a blessing. We could cram a good ten people in one of these puppies if we tried. I rode the elevator up to the fourth floor, all the while listening to people make small talk about their weekends when all I wanted to do was forget mine.
We finally made it to our floor, and as we filed out, one of my co-workers, Angela, asked me that dreaded question. “How was your weekend, Avery?”
“Boring and uneventful, but thanks for asking.” I was so paranoid that I didn’t even return her question. I just ran to my cubicle like the coward I was.
After I got to my desk and locked my purse away, I turned on my computer. I stared at it for a full two minutes before opening my email. What if there was an email from Nicholas? Or any of them? I felt so unsure, and I was surprised I wasn’t having a full-on panic attack.
“Hey?”
I screamed and jumped about a foot off my chair. “What the fuck, Q?” I whisper-yelled at her.
She had the grace to wince. “Sorry, Ace.” She walked into my cubicle and started whispering like we were discussing plans to rob a bank. “Look, I was giving this situation some serious thought last night and I think it’ll be okay.”
I matched her whispering. “Oh really? That’s easy for you to say, Q. You weren’t the one who broadcasted her sexual fantasy to all three of her bosses.”
Her face was full of sympathy. “I know, I know…but hear me out. We’ve been working at SMA for years and we have never set eyes on Chase or Nick here in the building. And how many times have we actually seen Julian? Once, maybe twice?” She had a point. We worked mostly with Mr. Spillner. Hell, it was even a rarity that we would run into Mr. James.
I ran my hands down my face, makeup be damned. “I suppose so.”
She leaned in closer to me. “Plus, I think now that we’re not all stupid off alcohol, they probably want to forget Friday night just as much as we do.”
I was starting to realize how arrogant it was of me to think that Nicholas Savage actually spent his weekend hung up on a random female who worked in his finance department. I had to laugh. “You’re right as always, Q.”
She smiled. “It’ll be okay, Avery. You’ll see.” She kissed me on the top of my head, then sauntered off back to her desk.
I clicked on my email, and just as Quinn had predicted, there were no emails from Nicholas, Chase, or Julian. I really must have been placing more importance on myself than what was actually the reality. For all I knew, they could have all gotten together again on Saturday and kidnapped another trio of unsuspecting females with successful results this time. After all, Iz and Julian had been just a one-night stand, so there hadn’t been anything preventing him from getting laid again the next night. At least, I was pretty sure that he was just a one-night stand. I’d have to ask Izzy about that.
The rest of the morning went by without a hitch. Even Mr. Spillner was making himself scarce. As far as Mondays went, this wasn’t a bad one, and before I knew it, it was lunchtime.
I went to go track Quinn down to see what her lunch plans were and found her typing furiously at her desk. “Hey, nut job, what’s the haps for lunch?”
She growled. She actually growled. “I’m eating at my desk today. Mr. Douche Canoe came to me an hour ago and told me that he wanted all Millhouse investment margins for the last six months by no later than one today.”
I sighed. What an asshole. “Okay. I’ll run out and get lunch and bring it back to you. We can divvy up what you have left.”
“I love you,” she professed without looking up at me.
“I know you do.” And this time, I was the one who kissed her on her head before I headed out to grab us some lunch.
After I picked up a couple of sandwiches from Aunt Stella’s Café around the block and delivered Quinn her food, I got to work on April and March for her. Quinn went to work on February and January since she was already done with December and November. It wasn’t like I didn’t have my own work to do, but we’ve all been where Quinn was this morning and gathering six months’ worth of any kind of financial data was tasking. There was nothing on my agenda that couldn’t wait until this afternoon to finish up. I only prayed Spillner didn’t ruin our teamwork by bringing us anymore of his bullshit.
I had just finished placing my half of the research on Quinn’s desk when I heard that wrist-cutting-inducing voice. “Ladies.”
I inwardly cringed and prayed that it was only inwardly, and I had been able to mask the loathing I had for this man from my face. I turned to face him. “Mr. Spillner.”
Quinn rose from her seat, sure that he was here for the reports. “Mr. Spillner.” She turned at the waist to pick up the reports. “I have all the margin data for Millhouse you requested earlier-”
He stopped her by waving her comment away. “Forget Millhouse. That’s not important right now.”
I wanted to bash his head in with a stapler. We just worked our asses off and ate lunch at our desks, and suddenly, Millhouse wasn’t important right now? I was surprised Quinn wasn’t holding him down and stuffing those damn reports down his throat.
“I would like to see the both of you in my office. Now.” He walked off, leaving us staring in his wake.
“I can’t go to his office, Avery,” Quinn announced. “If I do, and there is any semblance of privacy, I am going to stab him full of whatever pens or pencils are on his desk.” She took a deep breath. “What a fucking asshole, Ace.”
“Trust me, I know. But what real choice do we have?” I leaned in closer to her to make sure no one else could hear this next part. “I mean, if getting fired was an option, then I would have preferred to get fired over sleeping with Nicholas, rather than defying Spillner.”
“Yeah. Jumping Chase would have been way more fun and a much more theatrical exit from this place.” She ran her hand down her body, smoothing out her outfit. “Okay, let’s do this.”
I let her lead simply because she was more badass than I was. We walked down the cubicle aisle that led to Mr. Spillner’s office. He had left the door open, but we didn’t cross the threshold until he gave us permission. It was one of those petty, little shows of authority he liked to display. His office wasn’t anything special. The only thing that didn’t make it an outright shoe box was a small window on the outside left wall that allowed you to see the sights behind the SMA building.
“Come in and shut the door.” He was seated at his desk when we arrived, but he stood up and walked around his desk as I shut the door behind me.
He sat perched on the edge of his desk, and as he folded his arms, my work world came crashing down around me. “Can either of you tell me why Julian Moretti wants a meeting with you two this afternoon at three?”
It took everything I had to keep standing on my feet. Especially, since being the snatch napkin that he was, he hadn’t offer either of us a seat. Thank God for Q, though. I had to remember to buy her dinner later this week. Or diamonds.
She shook her head at Mr. Spillner. “No, sir. I can’t think of any reason why Mr. Moretti would want to speak with us. Are you certain there isn’t a mix up of some sort?”
Diamonds, she definitely deserved diamonds.
“Oh, believe me,” he practically spat. “There is no mix up. Mr. James was very specific and very sure of his request.” Spillner looked pissed.
“Well, I don’t know what to say. I’m as blindsided by this as you are, sir.”
He cocked his head to give me his attention next. “What about you, Ms. Ellis? Do you have any idea why you would be summoned by Mr. Moretti?”
My mouth felt like the Sahara. I answered honestly, though. I really had no idea why Julian wanted to meet with us. “N...no, Mr. Spillner. I have no idea.”
He eyed us both, probably trying to figure out if we were lying or not. However, the genuine looks of shock on our faces probably helped to convince him that we really were clueless here. “Fine, I believe you. However, I want an immediate report back after your meeting. I want to know what he wants with the two of you and why he’s not following the chain of command and including me.”
It was on the tip of my tongue to ask him why he just didn’t ask Julian himself since he was all powerful and whatnot, but I wisely kept my mouth shut. However, if we were being fired at three, you best believe I’d be reporting right back to Douche Canoe and letting loose everything I’ve been wanting to say to him for the past three years.
Using his hands to shoo us away, he dismissed us.
Quinn and I walked back to her cubicle absolutely quiet as church mice. After she plopped herself down in her chair, she looked up at me. “Maybe he just wants to ask us about Iz?”
I wanted to hold on to the hope in her voice and blanket myself with it. “You think?”
She dropped her head onto her desk with a resounding thud. “No, Ace. No, I don’t think.”

*****

Nicholas~
As I sat in Julian’s office waiting for the girls to arrive, I knew they were probably losing their rabid ass minds, wondering why they were being summoned to talk with him. We had made them believe the request was to meet with Julian alone because I couldn’t count on the fact that Avery might not feign a sickness and leave work if she knew she was meeting with all three of us.
Julian was sitting behind his desk, looking every bit the boss that he was, and I was sure the sight was probably going to intimidate them. Well, maybe not Quinn.
Julian’s office was cold and looked like a showroom. His décor was a blend of glass and chrome. The desk and sitting furniture were black and the only splash of color in the place was a PixieCold Svenja Jokicke hanging on the wall behind his desk. My office was made up of whiskey wood finished furniture and a matching settee couch and chairs set. I had a couple of large potted plants that I thought warmed up the place, but that’s about it. And Chase’s office had pretty much the same layout as mine, but he had put up personal touches on his bookshelves and had a couple of Oakland Raider autographed pictures hanging up on his walls.
Chase was sitting down, leaning back in one of the matching cushioned chairs that sat in front of Julian’s desk with his right ankle resting across his left knee. “You know, they probably think you’re calling them up here to fire them.”
I stood up from the couch and made my way to the bar. I needed a drink before seeing Avery again. Lord knows I was going to need it. It was a corporate Monday morning, and while I should have spent all morning going over weekend reports and projections, I had actually spent it restraining myself from calling Avery up to my office, so I could attack her.
I was so fucked.
“Probably, but there’s no guarantee they would have shown up had they known they were meeting with all three of us,” I replied for Julian “No offense, Chase, but Quinn is unpredictable, and I have no doubt that whatever she does or wherever she goes, the other two are not far behind.” I debated drinking the scotch right out of the bottle. “Loyalty runs deep with those three.”
Julian leaned back in his chair and interlocked his fingers together across his waist. “I think you guys aren’t giving them enough credit. Everyone has slight multiple personalities. There’s the work you, where you’re professional and restrained. There’s the home you, where you’re more relaxed and inhibited. There’s the dating you, where you put your best foot forward, and then there’s the friend you, where you’re more carefree and unguarded.” He shrugged his shoulders. “They were being their friend-selves Friday night. I bet today, they’re their professional selves.”
I took a drink of the McClelland I poured. “And if they aren’t?”
Julian threw his head back and laughed. “Then that’s all you guys. I told you to stay away from them.”
Chase placed both his feet on the floor, and with his elbows on his knees, leaned forward. “And if we had listened to you, Isabella would have been under someone else Friday night. I think we deserve flowers for that.” Chase looked back at me. “Don’t you agree?”
I shrugged my right shoulder. “At least a Thank You card.”
Before Julian could response, his phone buzzed. It was his assistant, Felicia, on speaker phone. “Mr. Moretti, Ms. Erickson and Ms. Ellis are here to see you.”
“Thank you, Felicia. Would you please send them in? Also, no interruptions during this meeting, please.”
“Of course, Mr. Moretti,” she replied, then the phone went silent. Felicia was old school and refused to call Julian by his first name, even though she’s been with him for eight years already.
I stayed in the corner by the bar because I wanted a glimpse of her before her face became clouded with disappointed when she saw that I was here, too. This woman had me all tied up in knots, and I couldn’t help myself around her. Her quirkiness had captivated me on Friday night along with her looks. However, I didn’t know if it was because she had been drunk or if that was truly just her personality.
Putting her to bed-untouched-had been one of the hardest things I had ever done, and that was saying something, considering how I’d grown up. Still, no matter how mad my dick had been at me on Friday, I’d never take advantage of a woman in that state. So, after putting her to bed, I’d gone home and had taken a very cold shower while I stroked my dick to images of her reckless, dangerous, and hot as fuck fantasy. And because I was learning all kinds of new things about myself, I had ended up jacking off all weekend to different versions of her fantasy being the new masochist that I was now, apparently.
I looked up as the door opened to see Quinn walk in with Avery right behind her. They immediately took notice of Chase and that’s when Avery started whipping her head around the room, presumably looking for me. She took a deep breath, closed her eyes, then shook her head the moment she found me.
She was hell on my confidence.
“Good afternoon, ladies. Would you please take a seat?” Julian greeted them. “Chase, move,” he ordered. Chase stood up and went to go sit in one of the chairs that circle Julian’s conference table. I set my almost finished drink down on the bar and went to go stand next to Julian with my hands in my pockets. I was working really hard at appearing unaffected by Avery, but I wasn’t sure if it was working.
Neither woman sat down. They stood in the center of the room, side-by-side, looking ready to do battle. “We’d rather not, Mr. Moretti.” Quinn clasped her hand together in front of her body, seemingly to restrain herself would be my guess. Chase was in for the ride of his life if he pursued her. I just hope he knew it. “If you’re going to fire us, I’d rather skip the long, drawn out version of where you list all of our indiscretions and pretend that this debacle is entirely our fault.”
It took everything I had in me not to laugh. This woman was a force all her own. I glanced over at Chase, and he looked like he was in love. Julian let out a Julian-sigh, probably thinking of inventive ways to torture me and Chase. “Ms. Erickson, Ms. Ellis, do sit down, please. I-we didn’t call you up here to fire you.”
Quinn held her right hand up in a stopping motion. “Before you go any further, know that Mr. Spillner has instructed us to report back to him everything that is said in this meeting. So, if you were planning on divulging company secrets, I’d reconsider.”
That motherfucker.
I finally spoke. “What a coincidence because he’s the reason you two are here.” I removed my right hand from my pocket and gestured for them to take a seat.
They both shared a wary glance between them, but they finally sat down in the seats opposite Julian. Avery had yet to look at either me or Chase after her first initial spotting of us. “Okay, Mr. Moretti.” Quinn sat down, and then asked, “So, what is going on?”
Julian smirked a bit. “I’m thinking by this point, Ms. Erickson, it’s okay to call me Julian, don’t you think?”
Quinn cocked her head at him. “No, I don’t.” She leaned forward to emphasize her point. “I know this may be difficult to believe based on our incredible lack of judgment on Friday night, but we’re not stupid. You are out of your mind if you think we’re going to walk up and down these hallways, in a workforce made up primarily of men, calling you three by your first names.”
She had a hell of a point. “Point taken,” I conceded. “So, how about you address us formally in the presence of other employees, but behind closed doors, first names are fine.” I suggested.
She glanced over at Avery really quick, no doubt trying to read her expression for a yes or no. Too bad Avery was not looking anywhere else but directly at Julian. With no help from Avery, Quinn made the decision. “I’m fine with that, Nick.”
“Thank fuck because the name I want you screaming in bed is Chase and not Mr. Alexander. Unless being on your knees in my office is in your fantasy line up.” He winked at her, and I was certain there was going to be a sexual harassment claim against Chase in the future.
Avery lowered her flaming red face and Quinn just flipped him off while she still looked towards me and Julian. I often wondered how we all made it this far without strangling Chase. “Okay, enough,” Julian started. “We actually did call you guys up for-” He shot Chase a quelling look. “-a legitimate business reason.” Avery returned her gaze to Julian, still trying hard as hell to avoid looking at me or Chase. “Have either of you had any inappropriate dealings with William Spillner?”
By the looks on each of their faces, you would have thought Julian just asked them if they were in the habit of slaughtering baby ducklings. Quinn sputtered, “W…wha…excuse me?”
Avery-succumbing to her imagined pressure-stood up out of her seat and went into another Friday night performance. “Oh, so just because we may have been less than restrained with our bosses one night, you think we just go around jumping all the men of position in this company?” She finally looked over at Chase, then swung her gaze back over to me, and then settled on Julian. “You guys have a hell of a lot of nerve. You guys were behaving just as inappropriately as we were Friday night, if not more since kidnapping is a capital offense in this country. Hell, he-” She swept her arm towards Chase. “-was just super inappropriate not two minutes ago. Still, you don’t hear us accusing you guys of using this company as your personal Tinder account.”
Okay, so question answered. She didn’t need alcohol to display her quirky ways.
Quinn reached up and put her hand on Avery’s arm. “Relax, Ace-”
Avery looked down at Quinn. “Are you serious, Q? They just accused us of sleeping with Mr. Douche Canoe. Seriously?”
“Avery, that wasn’t what Julian was asking at all,” Chase corrected her.
She gave him a scathing look. “Really? Well, then what is your definition of ‘inappropriate dealings’?” Then she threw her hands up. “Look who I’m asking.”
Julian cleared his throat to direct Avery’s attention back to him. “Avery, I wasn’t asking you girls if you’ve slept with him. I was asking if he’s behaved unprofessional or inappropriate with either of you ladies.” This morning Julian had called Chase and me up to ask us if we thought the girls might be more open to telling us about Spillner, now that we were on…uh, friendlier terms. Chase said it couldn’t hurt to ask. So, here we were…asking.
Avery quietly sank back down in her seat. I wanted so badly to wrap my arms around her embarrassed body but talk about being hypocritical. Here we were, questioning them about their boss’ possible unethical behavior, and all I wanted to do was drag her back to my office and show her just how unethical a boss could get. There was something seriously wrong with me.
Quinn started quietly patting Avery on the back, trying to console her, as Avery dropped her head in her hands. She was probably dusting off her resume in her head. Luckily, it seemed like nothing fazed Quinn. “He’s never said or done anything offensive to us, but I have caught him ogling women as they walked by. Stuff like that.”
If I hadn’t been so obsessed with Avery, I might have missed how her body tensed up at Quinn’s statement. “What about you, Imp?” I didn’t know if she was answering my question or praying, because all I could hear was a bunch of mumbling. “Avery?”
She finally looked up at me. “He’s never said or done anything to me, but you may want to question a finance clerk named Lucy Alister.” The entire room was quiet, waiting for her to continue. “She hasn’t said anything to me, but I noticed that every time he comes around, she finds a reason to excuse herself, or flat out runs off like she’s hiding from him or something.” Avery’s shoulders slumped in such a disappointing way. “I just figured I was reading too much into it and that if he was really doing something to make her uncomfortable, she’d say something.” She glanced at all three of us so sorrowfully. “It didn’t occur to me that she’d have to go to Human Resources to do it.” She shook her head. “I just wasn’t thinking.”
Chase piped up. “Why wouldn’t she feel comfortable going to Human Resources?”
Quinn rolled her eyes. I wasn’t sure if it was at him or because she deemed his question stupid. “Are you that out of touch with the commoners, Your Highness?” she snipped. However, that still didn’t help me figure out if the eye roll was because of him or because of his question.
“Sweetheart, walk those sexy as fuck legs right over and I’ll show you how in touch I can be,” Chase replied lasciviously as he leaned back on the couch, throwing his arms across the back, and spreading his legs apart, making room for her to get comfortable.
Quinn ignored him and said, “Because, you clown, your Human Resources manager is Mr. Spillner’s sister-in-law.”
And just like that, all the pieces fell together, and I was pissed.
Chapter 8
Envy: Because, apparently, wanting to get laid is contagious.

Avery~
It was already Thursday, but I seriously contemplated calling in sick the rest of the week. I mean, how many times could I embarrass myself in front my bosses? I wondered if there were night classes on learning restraint. At the very least, some online courses because I clearly needed to work on not reacting so quickly. I also needed to thank God that they hadn’t fired me yet.
After Quinn had informed them that Cynthia Giles, the Human Resources manager, was Mr. Spillner’s sister-in-law, the guys had practically pushed us out of Julian’s office, and we’d been instructed to tell D.C. that we had been randomly selected to give feedback on one of our newest computing programs. I knew whatever was going with our boss was serious, but I had to admit, it had given me issues that Nicholas had been completely professional during our meeting. Well, with the exception of him calling me Imp that one time. But here, I had spent all weekend imagining a different ending to last Friday night, and I had spent all Monday morning worried that I was going to get fired, and all along, he’d been unaffected by it all.
I was such a girl.
My desk phone started to ring, bringing me out of my female musings. I looked over, and because caller identification was a gift from the gods, I was able to see that it was Q, so I answered. “What up, homie?”
I could picture her shaking her head. My hood status was really only appreciated by Izzy. “Have you heard anything from Nicholas about D.C.?”
“No. Why would I?” I lowered my voice. “Do you really think they’re going to discuss something that confidential with us?”
“I don’t know…I mean, I guess not.” Her voice was just as quiet as mine. “The suspense is killing me, though.”
“So, why not call your boyfriend and ask him?” She was going to kill me, but I was not going to be the only one stuck in this work tornado of bad choices and unethical attraction.
“Chase is not my boyfriend,” she hissed.
“Hmmmm…funny how your mind automatically went to Chase,” I couldn’t help teasing her. Besides, Chase was sex on a stick. I was pro-sleeping with Chase.
“Know that I kept my receipt, and I will return you and buy a replacement best friend if you keep that up,” she threatened.
I snorted her threat away. “Isabella would never let you return me. Besides, you can’t return something once you’ve damaged it, and believe me, you have damaged me.”
“You haven’t seen damaged,” Q huffed. “Now, will you get serious? I’m thinking you should ask Nick what’s going on.”
“What? Why don’t you ask him? It’s not like you weren’t one of the clowns in Friday night’s circus, too.” Truth be told, I didn’t want to be anywhere near Nicholas Savage. The attraction I felt for him was unwise and addicting. Especially, since I had a vague idea of what he was packing in those slacks of his. When we were up in the VIP at Xavier’s and he had pulled me onto his lap, I had felt it. His it, it. It had felt like I’d been sitting on a log. Now, sexually, I wasn’t as open-minded as Q, nor was I as selective as Isabella. I fell somewhere in between. Since losing my virginity at the age of nineteen, I’ve only had five sexual partners, two of which had been long time boyfriends, Eric being the second of the two. So, while I didn’t have a lot of penis experience, something told me Nicholas’ trouser snake was way above average and I wanted nothing more than to find out for myself.
“Because I have no doubt that if you ask him, not only will he tell you, but he’ll also probably divulge everything that has ever transpired with this company,” she answered.
“Pfft, right. Because Chase wouldn’t do the same for you?” How could she not see that we were rowing the same fucked-up canoe? And it had holes in the bottom.
I heard her blow out a deep breath over the phone. “Chase is a player, Ace. Whatever he feels for me would be fucked out of his system after one night. Nick, on the other hand, I think he really likes you.”
“He does not like me, Q. He was just caught up in the same drunken moment we all were.” And because I was still smarting from his lack of reaction to me on Monday, I added, “You saw him on Monday. He didn’t even pay attention to me.”
“What?” she whisper-yelled. “He couldn’t keep his damn eyes off you, Ace. You were just too busy being mortified to notice.”
“Can we not-” My phone started beeping with a call on the other line. “Q, I have a call coming in. I’ll talk to you later, weirdo.”
“Love you, psycho.” She hung up and I switched the call over without looking at the name on the screen.
I should have looked at the Caller ID.
Instead, I answered, “Avery Ellis.”
“Ms. Ellis, this is Mr. Savage. Would you have moment to speak with me in my office, or are you terribly busy?”
I immediately resented him even asking if I was busy. He was my boss’ boss’ boss. He knew even if I was busy, I couldn’t tell him no. “Not at all, Mr. Savage. Would you like me to bring Ms. Erickson with me?” Please, please, please make me bring Ms. Erickson with me.
I thought I heard him snicker a little. “No, that won’t be necessary.”
“If you would just give me a few moments to inform my boss that I will be away from my desk, and then I’ll be-”
He cut me off. “There’s no need to inform Mr. Spillner.”
“Uh, okay…uh...”
“Very good, Ms. Ellis. I’ll see you in a few minutes.” He hung up before I could reply.
I immediately did the mature and professional thing. I sped-walked to Quinn’s desk and slapped the papers she was holding out of her hand. “What the fu-”
I bent over and grabbed her by her shoulders to make her face me. I leaned in and whispered, “He just called me up to his office.”
She looked sightly bewildered, like she was trying to decipher my madness. “Who? Nick?”
“Yes. Nick.” She clearly wasn’t grasping the severity of the situation. My self-control sucked.
She stood up and looked around over her cubicle wall to make sure no one was eavesdropping. She grabbed both my hands and held them in hers. “Relax, Ace. Take a deep breath.”
“Qu-”
“Stop it,” she instructed. “You have no idea why he wants to speak with you.” She was right, of course. “The important thing here is that you’re not getting fired.”
“How do you know?”
“Because they’d have to fire us both, and even though we would never do it, we could sue the shit out of them,” she explained. “They don’t know us well enough to know that we wouldn’t, so they’d have to err on the side of caution. They have no legal reason to fire us, Ace.”
“Q?” I had to tell her the truth. I was going to need her advice and expertise in case this meeting went south.
She took one look at my face and knew I was getting serious. “What’s up, Ace?”
“I’m not really worried about getting fired.” I gave her a pointed look, willing her to know what I meant without me having to actually say the words.
She searched my face, probably to see if I was high, but then I saw the moment she figured out my dirty, little secret. I should have known better when her face broke out in a wicked grin that stretched from ear to traitorous ear. She let go of my hands and brought her wrist up to get a look at her watch. “If you’re not down by four, I’ll shut down your workstation.” She winked at me.
The hussy.
“You’re not helping, Q.”
“Better hurry. Boss Man is waiting,” she teased.
I did my best to intimidate her. “Do you know what pay back is, Quinn?” I didn’t wait for her to answer. “Pay back is when I trip you the next time you’re running from Chase.”
She stink-eyed me. “You wouldn’t,” she hissed.
“If I end up bent over an executive desk with my skirt up over my ass, not only am I going to trip you, but I’m also going to push Chase on top of you.”
Apparently, I wasn’t as threatening as I thought I was. “Puhleeease…you’ll be thanking me with flowers and bottles of wine if you get bent over that fine man’s desk. You know just as well as I do that if anyone can knock the bottom out, it’s those three perfect species of male.”
“I hate you,” I promised her as I turned to head towards the floor elevator that was going to deliver me to my doom. Too bad I didn’t really hate her, and too bad she absolutely knew it.
As I rode the elevator up from the fourth floor to the fifteenth, I realized I didn’t even know where his office was located. That meant I was going to have to stop and ask a receptionist or secretary for direction to his office and I couldn’t sneak into his office like I was hoping to.
Goddamn it.
The elevator doors opened up way too soon, much to my dismay. And as I stepped out, I looked around to see if I could find any signs that led to Nicholas’ office. I didn’t see any, so I took my shaky legs to the reception desk. “Good afternoon-” I looked at her nameplate. “-Lesa. My name is Avery Ellis and I have an appointment with Mr. Savage.”
Her smile was very warm and welcoming. “One moment, please.” She picked up her desk phone to confirm my meeting, I assumed. “Hi, Dee. I have a Ms. Avery Ellis here for a meeting with Mr. Savage.” She kept smiling as she listened to whoever Dee was. “Thank you. I’ll send her right over.”
She hung up and my hopes and dreams of this meeting being canceled went up in smoke. She stood up and walked around her desk to stand next to me. Pointing down the left-wing hallway, she spoke the directions that were going to lead to my downfall. “At the end of the hallway, you’ll turn right and come upon an oak door with Mr. Savage’s nameplate. Open the door and it will lead you into his reception area where his assistant, Dee, is waiting for you.”
I looked down the hallway like it was the hallway scene from The Shinning. I tried to cover up my apprehension as best I could, though. Lesa was so pleasantly helpful that I didn’t want to subject her to my nervous breakdown. Why ruin both our days?
I turned towards her and put on the happiest face that I could muster. “Thank you for all your help, Lesa.” She smiled back at me like she wasn’t helping lead a lamb to her slaughter. It’s a wonder how she was able to sleep at night.
Not being able to put it off any longer-without Lesa catching on to my aforementioned nervous breakdown-I put one black-heeled foot in front of the other. I eventually made my way to the big oak door, and just like Lesa said, there on the door was a nameplate that boldly read ‘Nicolas Savage’. I took a deep breath and knocked lightly as I opened the door.
In my head, I was striding across to Dee like a confident businesswoman, but I was pretty sure in reality I looked more like a newly born calf on untried legs. That’s how nervous I was. My legs were actually trembling.
She spoke before I could. “Hello, you must be Ms. Ellis.” She was already coming out from behind her desk to shake my hand and escort me to Nicholas.
I took her hand and gave her the most professional hand shake I could assemble. “Yes, I am. It’s very nice to meet you.” I didn’t know her last name and I wasn’t going to just call her Dee. We weren’t cool like that yet.
“Right this way, please.” I followed her through a mini-hallway right adjacent to her desk to come upon another oak door. She gave the door a good and steady no-nonsense knock.
I heard ‘come in’ from the other side of the door and I fought the urge to wipe my sweaty hands on my black pencil skirt. Dee walked in as she opened the door, silently commanding me to follow. “Ms. Ellis, sir.”
Nicholas stood up from his chair behind his desk. “Thank you, Mrs. Williams.” And as she was shutting the door, his next words had me ready to knock Mrs. Dee Williams out of my way and run for safety. “Make sure we are not to be disturbed and should this meeting run into overtime, there’s no need for you to stay. I will personally see Ms. Ellis out.”
With a simple nod of her head and a, “Very well, sir,” she closed the door behind her, leaving me alone with Nicholas.

*****

Nicholas~
I had to be the dumbest motherfucker on the planet.
I have spent all week fighting the urge to invade the fourth floor and drag Avery into the nearest empty room in front of God and everyone, and now I had summoned her to my office.
Alone.
Did I mention the dumbest motherfucker on the planet?
She silently stood in the middle of the room, and I realized she wasn’t going to make a move until I explained why she was here. “Relax, Imp. I only asked you up here because I thought you might want to know that we spoke with Lucy Alister.” I could see her body physically relax and it bothered me that she was uncomfortable around me. She gave me a small, sheepish smile and finally took a seat. She opted for the couch, so I followed to sit next to her.
She angled her body to be able to face me, but also be able to keep her distance. Here I was trying to figure out a semi-legal way to get my hands on her during work hours, and she was busy making sure our bodies didn’t touch in anyway. Christ. “Is she okay? He didn’t do anything to her, did he?”
“No,” I reassured her. “He was forward enough to make her uncomfortable, but he never actually touched or harmed her.”
Avery let out a deep breath and gifted me with a smile so genuine and so beautiful that I almost dropped to my knees and proposed. I’ve been a witness to her drunk-self, nervous-self, and quirky-self, but never her caring-self. She looked so magnificent in her sincere concern for someone other than herself that I couldn’t imagine how glorious she must look when she showed her love for Quinn or Isabella. “We gave her this week off, paid of course, because we didn’t want her to be around in case Spillner caused a scene tomorrow when we fire him.”
She took her lower lip in between her teeth and my disobedient cock started to twitch. “So, are we to report to Mr. James in the interim?”
“We’ll be making an announcement tomorrow afternoon on how everyone should proceed in the wake of the vacancy.” I leaned back in the crook of the couch to give myself some distance from her. The subtle scent of her perfume was driving me crazy. I really needed to get this slight obsession of mine under control. “We actually have someone in mind to promote. It’s really just a matter of working out the little details of their promotion package.”
“Hopefully, he’s happily married and has some marginal respect for women,” she drawled out.
“She is, and she does.” Hopefully, this clarification would put her at ease. I stood up and walked over to the oak bar I had in the corner of my office. “We’re getting rid of Cynthia Giles tomorrow as well. Upon some further investigation, we found out that she was aware of his behavior, and she chose to look the other way.” I poured two tumblers of scotch and held one out to her.
Surprisingly, she walked over and took the glass from my hand. “This is all so unreal,” Avery sighed as she took a good healthy drink of her scotch. “I mean, usually the little guy doesn’t win, you know.”
“It doesn’t mean they shouldn’t.” I felt like shit that we had missed this and several of our employees had been subjected to Spillner and Cynthia’s treatment. Chase, Julian, and I were still working on a way to make it up to everyone. “If you and Quinn would like to take tomorrow off, we’d be fine with that. We’ll make sure HR knows they are approved days off.”
Avery placed her glass on the bar top. “Thank you, Nicholas, but we’ll be fine.” She chuckled a bit. “Besides, I don’t think Quinn would want to miss any of the fireworks.”
Giving Quinn some thought, I agreed. “Well, hopefully there aren’t any.”
She smoothed her skirt with both hands, and I knew that was a sign that she was getting ready to leave and go back to work. “Thank you for sharing this confidential information with me, Nicholas. I would have felt horrible had he been really abusing Lucy.” She seemed to be fighting an internal struggle, but then she looked at me with a newfound purpose. “I won’t keep quiet if I suspect someone of any wrongdoing again.”
I couldn’t help myself. The idea that she was blaming herself for some of this mess was unacceptable to me. I came around from behind the bar, grabbed her upper arm, then yanked her towards me. She must have been feeling really awful because she didn’t fight me at all. I raised both my arms to hold her face in my hands and brought her eyes to look into mine. “Imp, if anyone is to blame it’s me, Julian, and Chase for not paying closer attention.”
She looked so serious, and I didn’t like it. The corner of her mouth took a small upturn. “How could you guys? You’re too busy ruling the world.”
Still holding her perfect face in my hands, I brought her closer. “There’s only one thing I want to rule right now, baby, and that’s you,” I whispered, and despite the look of shock on her face, I slammed my lips down on hers. Dumbest motherfucker, yeah, I know. Still, when she actually opened up and allowed my tongue access into her sweet scotch-flavored mouth, I realized this kiss alone was worth any future sexual harassment court dates I was going to have to attend.
I moved one hand behind her head to hold her lips to mine and I lowered my other arm to wrap it around her waist and pull her closer to me. I wasn’t going to give her any wiggle room where she could escape my hold on her. I’ve wondered what she tastes like for six days, and she was everything I imagined she would be and more.
Her tongue darted out to tangle with mine, and when she moaned, I was certain my cock was going to rip through my slacks to get to her. I knew without a doubt that she could feel it digging into her stomach, but she wasn’t giving any indication that it was bothering her. On the contrary, I felt her run her hands up my stomach and fist my shirt in her hands.
I turned her body, so her back was up against the bar. I managed to tear my arm from around her waist and pull out one of the bar stools. I placed both my hands on her hips, and without breaking the kiss, I hoisted her up on the stool and stepped in between her legs that she willingly opened for me.
I pulled back from our kiss to remove my suit jacket, and as I was tearing it off, Avery went for my tie. Total honesty here, I wasn’t sure if she was going to remove it or strangle me with it, but I almost broke out in The Good Lord’s Hallelujah when I realized she was removing it. She wanted me, and now that there wasn’t any doubt about it, she was going to get me.
I placed my right hand on the side of her neck and ran it up through her hair until I had a fistful of silky ink in my hand. I gave her head a vicious tug to grant me access to her mouth again. She spread her legs wider and I was sure I was going to cum in my pants like a fourteen-year-old boy. This kiss was hotter than our previous one two minutes ago, and I would have sworn that wasn’t possible. I had one hand in her hair and the other gripping the shit out of her hip that I knew I was going to leave her bruised. Her fantasy insisted upon force and dominance, but this wasn’t a fantasy for me, and I wasn’t playacting. She said she wanted to be owned, but I was going to make sure she changed that to be owned by me and me only.
I had to touch more of her, her lips and velvety strands of hair weren’t enough. Since she had taken it upon herself to remove my tie, I didn’t think she’d mind undressing each other, so using both hands, I seized the collar of her blouse and ripped it open down the front, sending buttons flying everywhere.
She let out the sexiest sound I had ever heard. “Nicolas...”
I rested my forehead against hers and got a heavenly view of her resplendent tits encased in a simple white bra. Her chest was heaving, giving me an idea of just how turned on she was. I wrapped both my hands around her neck and the moan she elicited made me want to squeeze, but instead, my hands progressed down her collar bone until they ran over her heavy mounds, and I was holding each one in my hand. I inched my forehead back enough to be able to look into her eyes. I needed confirmation to continue, no matter what her fantasy. She had her eyes closed and her face was pure ecstasy. “Avery?” I questioned.
Her eyes fluttered open, and she had trouble focusing on my eyes. When she finally did, she brought one of her small, delicate hands to my face and caressed my cheek and passed her thumb across my lower lip. She inched up to kiss me again and that was all the green light I needed.
As I returned my gaze back to her flawless tits, I curled my fingers around the top edges of her bra cups and pulled them down. I was so focused on the view that the tearing of the fabric was a distant sound in the background. I wanted to be affectionate and start with a trail of kisses from her neck and work my way down to her delicate pink nipples, but the site of her bare breasts threw all possibilities of soft and slow right out the window. Instead, I went straight for her left tit and wrapping my lips around her hard peaks, then I bit down. Hard.
Avery let out a borderline scream, and all it did was spurn me on. I took my hands and placed them on the inside of her thighs, moving them upwards to give me access to what I hoped would be her very soaked pussy. I could smell her arousal and I couldn’t decide if I wanted to eat her pussy, finger fuck her pussy, or just bend her over my desk and fuck her raw. This woman had me losing my goddamn mind.
Avery appeared just as lust drunk as I was. “Nicholas, please…”
While the sound of her begging me had me hotter than hell, we both knew she didn’t need to beg me. In this moment, I’d have handed over anything she asked of me. Unfortunately, we were so consumed in one another that neither one of us heard the door open.
“Yo, Sav, we still on for-oh, shit.” I heard the door slam shut, but I’d recognize Chase’s voice anywhere.
“Oh, my god…oh, my god…oh, my god,” Avery screeched, and pushing me away from her, jumped off the bar stool. To my disappointment, she pulled her skirt back down and tried to right her blouse, but with the buttons all missing, she wasn’t very successful. She looked up at me like I was the sole cause of world hunger. “You’re the goddamn S in SMA! Who in the hell would think it’s okay to just walk into your office?!”
I ran my hands through my hair and pull hard, hoping it would squelch my frustrations. I knew I was going to add to her humiliation with my next words, though. “The only people who are allowed to enter my office without permission are-”
Her beautiful silver eyes rounded. “Chase and Julian,” she whispered. I knew she was a shattered mess because she was still trying to button up her blouse, even though it clearly had no buttons. I walked over to the loft room because I had extra shirts in there. When I walked back into the office, I found her stapling her blouse back together. She had me pretty close to declaring my undying love for her right then and there.
She frantically glanced up at me in between staples. “Could you, I don’t know, maybe make yourself useful here?” She went back to stapling.
I stopped in front of her and stilled her hands. After removing the stapler from her hands, I pulled the ruined blouse up over her head. “Are you kidding me?!” she thundered. “You are out of your mind if you think that interruption didn’t bring me back to my senses!”
I silently slipped my shirt on her, and once she realized that I was redressing her instead of undressing her, she quietly let me roll up the sleeves and button up the shirt. When I was finally done, she looked down to check my work and it gave me the opportunity to kiss her on the top of her beautiful, neurotic head.
I heard her sigh, but I didn’t stop her when she practically ran for the door. I envied the way she could just walk away from me because I wasn’t so sure I could walk away from her if I had to.
I was going to kill Chase.
Chapter 9
Envy: Because I know I can do more for her than that stupid putz.

Avery~
I kept looking at the clock all morning, willing it to speed up. By the time I fled Nicolas’ office yesterday, everyone had already left for the day, and thank God because I was sure anyone who looked at me would be able to see the glaring red letter A on my forehead. I mean, what else would they think seeing me in a man’s button-up that was a million sizes too big for me? And Quinn, bless her little backstabbing, traitorous heart, had left a note on my keyboard with a smiley face. Of course, since I couldn’t bask in my humiliation alone, I had received a text from Izzy last night of a thumbs-up emoji.
Quinn had ambushed me first thing this morning for all the ‘juicy details’, but I had given her the G-rated version of what had gone down, much to her disappointment. Plus, after she couldn’t stop laughing when I’d gotten to the part where Chase had interrupted us, I had decided that she didn’t deserve all the dirty details. I really needed to look up Friend 101 refresher courses because she obviously needed them.
I also seriously contemplated sending Chase a bottle of whiskey with a huge ‘Thank You’ helium balloon attached to it, but I didn’t think Nicholas would find that amusing. I had been a mess when I had left Nicholas yesterday, and even once I had gotten home and had polished off a half bottle of wine, I had still been a mess. I couldn’t believe I almost let him fuck me in his office. Hell, there was no ‘almost’ about it. It would have happened if not for Chase.
I had laid in bed last night doing my best to get some sleep, but whether my eyes were opened or closed, all I saw was Nicholas’ face and I could still feel his kisses on my lips, his mouth on my body. I even considered sleeping in his shirt, but the only reason I didn’t was because it smelled laundered and not like him. I could recall every touch of his lips, hands, and body, and Jesus, Mary, and Joseph, what a body it was. When I had run my hands from his stomach up to his chest, I had felt exactly how dedicated that man was to his health. He was all hard planes and ridges.
I had spent most of the night trying to un-confuse myself because, let me tell you, I was certifiably confused. I knew it was wrong to get involved with Nicholas. That was a no brainer; he was my boss. That part wasn’t the part I was confused about. The confusion came with this dangerous game I was playing where I was uncontrollably attracted to him, but I wanted him to force the issue to absolve me of knowingly making a bad decision. Plus, it played into my fantasy for him to coerce me and give me no choice.	 So, here I was, experiencing the excruciating pain of waiting for three-thirty to come around, so I could give myself a couple of days away from work, him-everything-and hopefully clear my head. At least it was already lunchtime and that meant half the day was already over. All I had to do was get through the one o’clock meeting about Spillner without jumping Nicolas’ bones and I’d be okay.
Though it was lunchtime, Quinn and I rarely went out for lunch. We both knew how to pack our own lunches and why waste money if you didn’t need to? However, I needed a breather from this building and the occupants in it-okay, one particular occupant-so I decided to hit Aunt Stella’s Café again this week because it was easy and fast.
As I was walking through the front lobby of SMA, I was digging though my purse to make sure I had some cash on me for lunch. While my ATM card would work, I hated balancing my checking account, so I always tried to have cash on me for the little things. It’s because of this insistence to have cash, I hadn’t been paying attention to where I was going, and I walked head-first into a very male stranger.
Okay, so he wasn’t a stranger, but that made this ten times worse.
I was vaguely aware of his hands on my arms, steadying me upright. “Wow, Veeree. This is great. I thought I was going to have to fight my way through the receptionist to find you.”
“Er…Eric?” I stuttered, surprised. And, yes, this would be the same Eric who lied and cheated. “What are you doing here?” Had I not been so shocked to see him, I would have shrugged his hands off of me, but I was too stunned to do anything other than gape up at him.
He gave me a tender smile as if we hadn’t ended things with me walking into his apartment as he was getting his dick wet by his skanky neighbor. “I was hoping you’d be free for lunch.”
I hadn’t seen him in months, and while that online voodoo priestess had sworn that he’d be covered in warts and get an incurable STD, he was still as good-looking as ever. I needed to get a refund from Madam Louisa.
I finally snapped out of my stupor and shook his hands off me. “Whatever on earth for?”
He slipped both his hands in his pockets and adopted his I’m-so-sorry look. You know, the one that your big, goofy, adorable pet dog gives you when he’s overturned the plant in your house, and he’s so sorry that you’ll forgive him because, c’mon, who was able resist that look? “The truth?”
I readjusted my purse strap over my shoulder like it would cloak me in armor against him. “Are you capable of that? I mean, I thought honesty made you break out in hives?”
He closed his eyes at my barb, but reopened them, lasering those baby blues right at me. “Okay, I deserve that-”
I leaned into him, ready to do battle. “You think?”
“Veeree-”
I narrowed my eyes at him. “Do not call me that. You are not allowed to call me that anymore.”
He pulled his hands out of his pockets and held them up in mock surrender. “Okay, Avery. Is that better?”
“No,” I hissed. It was beginning to dawn on me that we were standing in the middle of the SMA Global lobby where anyone could witness this relationship tragedy Act 2; Scene 1. “What would be better is if you walked right back out the doors in which you entered and didn’t try to contact me ever again. That would be way better, Eric.”
He looked crushed, but I knew better. “Avery, don’t be like that. Just hear me out. If nothing else, let me give you the apology you deserve.”
And then he did something that teleported me right back to the days when I didn’t know any better. He lifted his hand to tuck a loose strand of my black hair behind my ear, then resting his palm on the apple of my cheek, he caressed the small scar under my right eye with his thumb. I had gotten it the night we first slept together. I had been whipping off his belt as I sat on the bed in front of him and the buckle had cracked me in the face. Admittedly, it was a tough scar to have. I saw it every time I looked in the mirror and it will always make me think of him. “Eric, there’s no point. I can’t-”
“Ms. Ellis?”
I groaned and wanted the floor to swallow me up. Every single time I have been in this man’s presence, it’s been in some sort of embarrassing fashion. I closed my eyes and did my best to compose myself. I was definitely going to have to go home and eat my feelings tonight.
I turned and smiled at Nicholas, forcing Eric to have to remove his hand from my face. “Mr. Savage, how are you?”
He passed a quick glance at Eric, and it wasn’t lost on me that Nicholas looked irritated. “I’m doing well. I just wanted to remind you of the all-staff finance meeting today at one.”
I wanted to roll my eyes, but I didn’t know Nicholas well enough to know if he’d react professionally to the eye rolling or lose his mind. “I haven’t forgotten, sir. I was just on my way to lunch, but I will be back in plenty of time.”
And like the narcissist Eric was, he cleared his throat wanting me to bring my attention back to him. “Yeah, so-”
To my dismay, Nicholas turned his attention to Eric. “Sorry if I’m interrupting. May I ask who you are?”
Eric stuck out his hand in an introduction. “Eric Anderson.”
Nicholas shook Eric’s hand, and it didn’t look friendly. “Nicholas Savage,” he said as he looked back down towards me, then back to Eric. “Are you a friend of Ms. Ellis?”
And because they were men, this was where they started bumping dicks. “I would like to think Avery and I are a little more than friends.” Eric raised his hand and caressed my shoulder. “Right, Veeree?”
I had to stop my knee from rising up and slamming into his baby maker. I was grinding my teeth so hard that it was a wonder I could form any words. “We used to date, but that ended a few months ago.” I noticed the hardening in Nicolas’ jaw.
Yep, he was irritated.
“Anyway,” Eric said, not taking the hint when I shrugged his hand off me again, “I was hoping to take Avery to lunch. We have some things to discuss.” The smirk he gave Nicholas was a clear indication that the lunch discussion was going to be of a personal nature.
I had to stop this insanity quickly. “Uh, I have to get going before I miss out on my lunchtime.” I gave Nicholas my best professional smile. “I’ll be sure to make it back in time for the one o’clock meeting, sir.”
Turning back to Eric, I started to give him the go-fuck-yourself brushoff, but I was tired of embarrassing myself in front of Nicholas. “As you can see, I need to hurry back for a meeting, so are you coming or not?”
I didn’t wait for his answer, and I didn’t give Nicholas another look as I headed to the lobby’s front doors. It was Lifetime Movie moments like these that made me wish I were fierce like Q or classy like Izzy. They would have known how to handle the shitstorm that was Eric.
He followed me around the block to Aunt Stella’s, going on about how well he’s been doing at his job and some other useless ramblings that I cared nothing about. I couldn’t believe I couldn’t see how much of a twatwaffle he was before.
Love really did make you stupid.
We got to Aunt Stella’s, got in line to place our orders, then managed to snag an empty table for two. Yay-not.
Settling in, I finally spoke to him as we waited for our order. “Eric, say what you have to say and be quick about it. I have about twenty minutes left of my lunchtime.”
He placed his arms on the table and clasped his hand together in front of him. “Avery, I miss you.” I started to shake my head. “No, please. Just let me say this.”
I knew he didn’t deserve it, but I had once believed that I was in love with this man. Even if he didn’t deserve it, my feelings weren’t superficial and whatever I had once felt for Eric deserved the closure. “Okay, Eric. I promise to listen and not interrupt.”
He gave me a grateful smile and continued with his apology. “I was an ass and I’m not here to give you excuses for it, but you deserve an explanation.”
The waitress chose that moment to deliver our sandwiches. “Is there anything else I can get you?”
“No, thank you,” I replied before Eric could answer her. I didn’t have time for anything more. She smiled at both of us and headed back the way she came.
I gave Eric a pointed look to continue. “I was embarrassed, Avery. I knew you were…uh, less than satisfied in the bedroom and I needed some ego boosting.” He actually looked contrite. “I wish it were more complicated than that, but it wasn’t. There’s no childhood trauma or neglect that had made me act out. It was just my own ego.” Neither of us had made any effort to eat the food in front of us.
I wanted to rant and rave at him. I wanted to call him every name in the book and beat him over the head with all the hurt I had felt in the weeks following our breakup. Still, it wasn’t lost on me how hard it was for a man-any man-to admit that he sucked in bed. And the truth was that no matter how I chose to react to his apology, it wasn’t going to change anything. He cheated on me, and no amount of regret could make me move past that. I wasn’t my mother. “Eric, thank you for the apology, but it changes nothing. I will never be with a man I cannot trust, and no matter how genuine you are in your apology and regret, I could never trust you as a boyfriend again.”
His small smile was seemed sad. “I understand, Avery. I really do. I just had to try.” He stood up from his chair, grabbed his sandwich, then kissed me on the head before he uttered his final words to me. “You’re a great person, Avery. Don’t let my fuck-up fuck you up.”
I wanted to lean into him for those thoughtful words, but I didn’t. He didn’t look back at me as he walked out of the café. I sat in my chair, staring at my food, knowing I wasn’t going to have time to eat it and make it back to work before my lunchtime was over.
As I wrapped my sandwich up in a couple of napkins, I couldn’t help feeling that Eric’s apology was worth eating at my desk for.
Hopefully, Nicholas wasn’t sitting at it when I got there.

*****

Nicholas~
I knew I was hot-headed. Still, seeing Avery with that fucking prick had me in a rage that rivaled Julian’s. I knew shit was getting serious when just watching her talking to some strange guy had me already puffing out my chest. However, when I’d seen him put his hands on her shoulders like he had the right to touch her, I had been ready to call my lawyer to put him on standby for the assault charges I had been about to incur.
I had stormed over to them with every intention of knocking him the fuck out, and then whipping my dick out to piss a circle around her. But as I had been doing my storming, I had noticed she hadn’t seemed too pleased to see him and that had given me some small measure of comfort.
The meeting announcing Spillner’s and Cynthia’s firing was due to kick off in fifteen minutes, and I was still in my office, pacing back and forth, trying to get my unreasonable rage under control. The three shots of whiskey hadn’t put a dent in my madness, either.
I didn’t know what to do. I didn’t get worked up over women like this.
Ever.
I was self-aware enough to know that my issues with committed relationships were childhood born and my mother was the cause of it all. However, I didn’t use Donna’s lack of parenting skills as a crutch for my reservations about love, neither did I ignore that the issues existed, though. The idea of baring ten-years-old Nicholas’ soul to a woman in hopes that she would still love me, demons and all, seemed too painful to actually ever go through with, so I kept everything female related extremely casual.
Until Avery.
And now, one drunken peanut butter fantasy later, I was fucked.
Standing in front of my floor-to-ceiling window, staring down at the scenery that was San Jose, I heard my office door open. “Hey, ready for the meeting?” No, I wasn’t. However, if I spilled my guts to Julian right now, he’d be laughing so hard that he wouldn’t be ready for the meeting, either.
I needed new friends.
“Yeah, let’s get this done.” I reached for the back of my chair to retrieve my suit jacket. I was pulling it on and adjusting it when I asked about Chase.
“He’s already in the conference room waiting to greet any early arrivals.” Julian had sent out a departmental email this morning requesting that everyone attend. In fact, since this primarily affected the finance department, it really should have been Julian there to greet the employees.
“It’s finance. Shouldn’t it be you greeting the employees?” I went over to the bar to down one more shot of whiskey.
Julian gave me a curious look. “Uh…yeah.” He drew his eyebrows in, trying to figure out why I was drinking like it was happy hour at a strip club. “But Chase volunteered to do it and directed me to come get you.” He walked over to the bar and plucked the glass out of my hand. “Personally, I think he’s hoping to cop a feel when Quinn gets there. Nick, what’s going on?”
And because we were bonded by childhoods so shameful that nothing was off limits, there wasn’t anything I would ever be embarrassed to tell him. So, I clued him in on my level of irrationality. “I caught Avery going to lunch with her ex-fuckface.”
He mashed his lips together before he spoke. “Caught?”
“Huh?” He lost me with that question. And truth be told, he shouldn’t even be asking me questions. He should be mad right alongside me, just because. They didn’t make friends like they used to anymore.
“You said, ‘I caught’, suggesting she was doing something wrong,” he pointed out. “And it’s driving you to drink in the middle of the day, dude?”
I stretched my neck from side-to-side, cracking it in hopes of relieving some of the tension the pacing and whiskey hadn’t conquered. I went for honesty. “I’m fucked, Julez. I was heading back from my meeting with Clayton Financial Group when I saw this asshole put his hands on her. I was so pissed that I almost came up on them swinging.”
Julian let out a low whistle. “Damn, Sav. What’d ole boy do when you bonked Avery on her head with your club and drug her behind you?”
Here I was, sharing like the little old ladies that we were, and he had jokes. “Nothing, you asshole. I introduced myself, he introduced himself, then they went to lunch.”
You know those cartoons where the character’s eyes are boinging out of their head in surprise or pain? That was Julian right now. “Whoa, wait.” He shook his head. “Are you telling me you let another man-one who happens to be Avery’s ex-take your girl to lunch?”
The next words out of my mouth felt like gargling glass. “She’s not my girl, Julian.”
He arched a black brow. “Really? So, you’re willing to risk a sexual harassment suit and a felony assault charge for someone who is not your girl?”
“Felony? Carson would have gotten it down to a misdemeanor, I’m sure.”
“Nick, what are you doing, man?” I didn’t blame Julian for being concerned. Hell, I was concerned.
I clapped him on his back. “Don’t know and I’m not going to figure it out in the next five minutes before this meeting, so let’s just put this on the back burner until we have a few hours and a few bottles of alcohol at our disposal.”
“Alright,” he agreed cautiously as he was following me out of my office.
We had a conference room that took up an entire floor for gatherings of this size, and when Julian and I arrived, I could see that almost everyone was already in attendance. Truthfully though, only Ian or Julian would know if anyone was missing. This wasn’t my division.
I looked around for the girls, and much to my already irritated self, I noticed they had hidden themselves in one of the far corners in the back of the room. It bothered me that they were trying to hide from us, and it really bothered me that I had to behave as if I didn’t know them on a more personal level.
I followed Julian to go stand near Chase who was already commanding the room. “Alright everyone, if we could have your attention, please.” The room instantly began to quiet down.
Chased move to the other side of Julian, so that we flanked his sides. This was his division, and even though he hated speaking to people, we all knew he needed to be the one to take the helm on this one. “Thank you all for being here. We have a couple of announcements to make,” Julian began. He made sure to survey the room, so that everyone would feel included. “Effective as of this morning, there has been a new change in management.” You could hear the low gasps and murmurs, but Julian continued with his announcement. “William Spillner and SMA Global have decided to part ways.” The murmurs began to get louder, but Julian’s intimidating tone quieted the room again. “While we wish Mr. Spillner well on his new journey, we are very pleased to announce the promotion of Mrs. Angela Jackson.”
I knew we made a good choice when everyone around us started clapping. I searched the room for Mrs. Jackson, and when I found her, she was smiling and giving everyone a little wave. “Angela has been with us for many years, and we have every confidence in her leadership abilities. She will report directly to Ian James, who will still report directly to me. Any questions?”
All three of us scanned the room, and when no one spoke up, Julian continued with the announcements. “There’s also a recent vacancy in our Human Resources department.” This time the room was silent. Looks like we were the only knuckleheads who didn’t know Cynthia was Spillner’s sister-in-law. “As you all hopefully know, we prefer to promote from in-house. However, the Human Resources manager is too important a position to be allowed vacant for long. Our goal is to have the position filled by next Friday. I suggest anyone interested in working in that department, dust off your resume this weekend, then turn it in first thing Monday.” Julian gave one of his rare good-natured smiles. “Now, you guys are probably wondering turn them into to whom?” The employees laughed at Julian’s rare show of humor. “Well, Ms. Heather Luna will be acting Human Resource manager in the interim. You can turn them in to her.”
I finally jumped in to give Julian a breather. “Does anyone have any questions about these changes or does anyone have any concerns they’d like to bring to our attention?”
Many of the heads in the room turned this way and that to see if anyone was going to speak up, and I had to admit, I was hoping like hell no one would. I wanted to get Avery alone, and the sooner this meeting ended, the sooner I could make that happen.
When no one spoke, Chase closed the meeting. “We thank you all for being patient and welcoming these new changes. As a show of appreciation, we are closing the offices today at two and you guys can all get an early start on your weekend.” Chase gave his signature smile. “The last hours of your day will be paid, of course, so now you can really enjoy the start of your weekend.”
Most everyone chuckled, but they were quickly making their way to the door already. I didn’t blame them. I’d be running out the door too if my boss told me that I could leave early paid. We still needed to do more to make up for Spillner, but at least this was a start.
I saw Avery and Quinn trying to blend in with the crowd, making their escape, most likely hoping we wouldn’t notice them, but that wasn’t happening, “Excuse me, Ms. Ellis, Ms. Erickson. Do you mind staying a moment?”
I saw the girls freeze in their tracks. I could only imagine how viciously they were murdering me in their minds. I also knew I needed to find a better way to camouflage my fixation on Avery or else the entire building would know soon enough that I had a problem.
A couple of employees looked back at the girls, obviously curious about why I was calling them to stay behind. “Of course, Mr. Savage.” I had to give it to Quinn, that girl was always on her toes. “Was there something you needed from us to ensure Mrs. Jackson’s transition goes smoothly?”
“Actually, there is, and I, as I’m sure Mr. James and Mr. Moretti as well, would be most grateful for your assistance.” This pretending shit was harder than I imagined it would be, and I was finding that I was starting not to care if everyone knew I wanted Avery.
As soon as the last employee filed out and shut the door, the girls took their battle stances.
I was fairly certain Julian had probably already bought his fifty cans of spray paint.
And I was fairly certain I was going to deserve it.
Chapter 10
Lust: Because...pfft...who doesn’t want to do them?
Lesbians…maybe lesbians.

Avery~
Quinn put both her hands on her hips, making her five-foot-five-inch frame as intimidating as she could. “What do you want, Nick?”
He raised both his eyebrows at her aggressiveness. “How do you know I really don’t want to speak to you about the management changes?”
“I don’t know,” she retorted, “maybe because I’m not a fool? If this were work related, Julian would have requested to speak with us. You know, Julian, our boss?”
“Uh, last I checked, Nick and I are your bosses, too,” Chase reminded her, all the while starting to stalk towards her.
Since the conference room took up the entire floor, it wasn’t designed like the other conference rooms in the building. The department conference rooms had clear glass walls where anyone could look inside. This room’s only windows were set high on the back wall. Their only purpose was to let light in because they were too high for anyone to be able to look through. Well, except maybe Julian. And it was scarcely furnished to accommodate the large numbers that amassed in here.
So, while I should have been surprised when Chase wrapped his right arm around Q and pulled her to his body, I wasn’t. “But if you want to play boss, I’m okay with that, sweetheart.”
She pushed him away from her, ignoring his nonsense. “Why’d you hold us back, Nick?”
If I didn’t think Q would castrate Chase at some point, I wouldn’t mind seeing them together. With his charm and her ferociousness, they could probably rule the world. I think Nicholas liked her for Chase, too, that’s why he was honest with her. “I really just wanted to speak with Avery, but I thought it would look odd if I asked for only her to stay behind.”
If I had not been standing in the middle of the room with them, I would have started banging my head up against the wall. This man, though sexy he may be, was making me crazy. “And what did you want to speak to me about?”
He threw that irritating smirk of his at me. “I think it would be best if we had this conversation without an audience, Imp.”
I couldn’t help my snort. “Oh, please, because everyone in this room doesn’t already know more about me than my licensed therapist?” I couldn’t roll my eyes hard enough.
And then Julian did something I had never seen him do before or in any of his magazine photos. He gifted us with a full-blown, teeth-showing smile, and it was so majestic that I thought I saw a unicorn standing behind him under a rainbow that was floating down four-leaf clovers.
The sonofabitch had dimples.
Just when I thought he couldn’t get any more gorgeous, he had to go and have a deep set of dimples to go with his smile. “Holy fuck,” Quinn rasped out, and I was so happy to hear that I wasn’t the only one struck dumb and that Quinn was getting a load of this shit, too. “Are you seeing what I’m seeing, Ace?”
“Un-huh,” was my snappy reply.
“Oh, for fuck’s sake,” Chase snapped as he stood in front of Quinn to block her view of Julian. “Julian, stop smiling,” he ordered. “And you, have some respect. He belongs to Isabella. You remember Isabella, right? Your friend?”
The look Quinn gave him should have obliterated him. “First of all, you twit,” she said, leaning to the side, so she could point around Chase to Julian, “that man is fucking gorgeous.” She righted herself to look back at Chase while Julian laughed/coughed. “I am not going to apologize for staring. I mean, look at that fine piece of man meat.” She peeked around Chase again. “I mean, just look.”
I nodded my head and agreed, “True story.”
Looking back at Chase, she continued to make her case. “And secondly, last I heard, Izzy isn’t holding the signed deed to Julian’s penis, so therefore, he doesn’t belong to her just yet.”
Chase took a step forward, so that he was almost chest-to-nose with Quinn. “Deed or not, if you’re going to cross the lines of impropriety with anyone, it’s going to be me or it’s going to be no one, Quinn.”
Whoa…he just called her Quinn.
However, true to Quinn form, she just rolled her eyes at him.
“I’ll see you crazy people later,” Julian said as he headed for the door. And just because I wanted a legit reason to stare at him a little bit longer, I asked where he was going, even though it was clearly none of my business. He replied, “To talk to a certain brunette about deeds and property management.”
I couldn’t help it. I started laughing and so did Quinn. The idea that this big, rough, brooding male was all tied in knots over Izzy was too sweet.
“Okay, this has been fun and all, but I have an early weekend to start.” Quinn headed to the same door Julian just walked through. “You coming, Ace?”
“I-”
Nicholas answered for me. “No, she’s not.” And to make his point, he walked over to me and wrapped me up in his arms as if he had every right to.
And I let him because I was stupid.
Benedict Arnold threw up a peace sign. “Fine,” she conceded as she tried to side-step Chase. “But I better see you at The Shack tonight.” She pointed her perfectly manicured finger at Nicholas. “If she isn’t there, I’m going to hold you responsible, and I will come after you, boss or not.” And as Chase followed her out the door, I could hear him inviting himself to The Shack tonight.
I shook Nicholas off me…or I tried, but all I managed was to get enough breathing room to be able to look up at his face. “Nicholas, what are you doing?”
He gave me his full attention and it was a wonder my brain worked at all. Julian was spectacular to look at and Chase was sex personified, but Nicholas was hypnotizing. He was just so goddamn good-looking that he turned my brain to mush. He searched my face as he confessed, “I’m being immoral, unethical, unprofessional, and just plain selfish.” His arms tightened around me. “But I know you want me just as much as I want you, so just say yes, Avery.”
He was right. I did want him, and suddenly, losing my job for one night with him seemed so worth it. “So, we get this out of our system, and then we part ways like the mature adults that we are?” I asked hopefully.
He gave me an odd look, but then schooled his features as he agreed, “I’ll take you whichever way I can get you. So, whatever you want, Imp.”
This was it.
“Lock the door,” I whispered.
I felt Nicholas’ entire body lock up. “Chase made sure to lock it on his way out.” And before I could feel affronted that Chase thought I was a sure thing, Nicholas went in for the attack.
He tangled both his hands in my hair and brought my lips to his in a punishing kiss that was going to leave my lips swollen and bruised.
And I fucking loved it.
I grabbed onto either side of his waist and let him lead me backwards until my back hit the wall. My green light brought out a side of Nicholas that I never imagined he possessed, because I wasn’t expecting the force in which he slammed me up against the wall. This was my fantasy come to life without the resistance and all I could think was how happy I was that I had worn a skirt to work today.
He removed his hands from my mangled hair and used them to take possession of my thighs. He held them firmly in his hands, and then lifted them to wrap my legs around his waist. I was so caught up in my sick fantasy that I briefly hoped that he left bruises.
I brought both my arms around to envelop his neck and drilled my hands into his chocolate waves, still kissing him like he was the oxygen I needed to breathe. I could feel his erection through his slacks, and it felt like the second coming of Jesus Christ. I used the wall’s leverage to rub myself against his massive cock and I almost exploded.
He broke off the kiss and I noticed his breathing was just as ragged as mine. “Keep doing that and I’m going to cum before I even get inside you, Imp.” I wasn’t going to lie. The idea of this man being so out of control for me had me the hottest I’ve ever been.
I threw my head back as far as it would go against the wall and begged, “Nicholas, please…” He responded by lowering his mouth to my exposed neck and biting down so hard that he could’ve broken skin. I let out a moan worthy of a porn star and soaked my panties to the point of worthlessness.
Pinning me to the wall with his body, he let go of my thighs to grasp handfuls of my hair again, forcing me to face him. “Baby, you don’t ever have to beg me. Anything you want, everything you want, whatever you want from me…it’s yours.”
And like the wanton slut that I evidently had become, I wanted to tell him the only thing I wanted from him, in this moment, was his cock buried balls-deep inside me. However, I wasn’t a good dirty talker, so I kept it short and sweet. “Fuck me, Nicolas. Fuck me so hard, I black out.”
He threw his head back and howled, “Fuuuuuuuck.” I could see under his tie and collar that his neck was corded, and it had me wanting to return his bite. However, before I could bare my teeth, he was back to kissing me.
I was so delirious with need that I didn’t even realize he had gone for my panties until I heard the sound of ripping fabric. My hands fought their way in between our bodies and through his suit jacket to eliminate the barrier of his belt. I couldn’t wait any longer. “Do you care who puts the condom on?” I’d never done it before, but I wanted to put one on him.
With my teeth.
He stepped away and detached himself from me so suddenly that I slid down the wall and hit my ass on the floor with a bone bruising thud. “Motherfucker.” I keeled over onto my side and started frantically rubbing my ass. I glared up at a rather devastating-looking Nicholas. “What the hell, Nicholas?”
My profanity-laced question seemed to snap him out of his daze. “Oh, fuck.” He skated over to me on his knees like he was sliding onto a rock stage. “Baby, I’m so sorry.” He grabbed me by my shoulders and lifted me onto his lap, but it made no difference, my ass still hurt like hell.
Torn between the urge to cry and beat him within an inch of his life, I gritted my teeth and opted to for an explanation instead. “Explain, you group-counseling-therapy-needing psycho.”
I could hear him expel an earth-ending sigh. “I don’t have any condoms on me.”
He obviously must have sensed my need to do him bodily harm because he tightened his hold on me as I hissed at him. “What?”
I felt him rest his chin on the top of my head. “I don’t have any condoms on me, Imp. And I don’t have sex without them.”
This didn’t make any sense. He didn’t make any sense. “I don’t understand,” I uttered in disbelief. “You’re a healthy, sexual male. How in the hell do you not have a condom in your wallet? Does it not fit with all the hundreds that are taking up space?” I knew I was being snide, but I was burning all over, and he was ineffectively telling me his fire hose was busted and I was just going to have to suffer.
“Because I don’t leave my house for work each morning thinking I’m going to fuck someone in between investment meetings,” he snapped, sounding as frustrated as I felt.
“Really? Because after that bullshit in your office yesterday, it didn’t cross your mind to come to work prepared? I mean, it’s obvious we’re both too stupid to behave professionally at work,” I pointed out.
He gave my body a quick squeeze. “Imp…” It sounded like a plea.
I could hear his genuine regret in that one word, so I relaxed against his body. “I’m sorry. It just really saddens me to know my favorite panties have been destroyed in vain.” I folded my arms over his as he held me. “I really liked those panties.”
“Do you trust me?” That was easy. While I didn’t trust myself around him, I did trust him. Closing my eyes, I dropped my head back onto his shoulder. “Yes.”
The next thing I knew, he was carrying me over to a decorative table in the corner. He laid my back flat across the table and it wasn’t until he pried my knees apart with his hands and stepped in between my open thighs that I realize why he had asked.
I was about to have my world rocked by this sexy man’s tongue.
I guess my panties died a valiant death after all.

*****

Nicholas~
I had no idea how I was going to be able to get through this without saying to hell with a condom and just fucking her raw, but I was determined to find a way. The fact that it even crossed my mind to fuck her bare had my mind ten different ways of fucked-up. She was right, though. After yesterday, I should have been more prepared and there was no way I was calling Chase or Julian back here to hand deliver a condom.
She propped herself up on her elbows. “Nic-”
I knew she was going to martyr herself and tell me I didn’t have to do this, but what she didn’t know was that I wanted to do this more than I wanted to take my next breath. I grabbed the outside of her thighs and yanked her body towards me until her ass was at the edge of the table. The table legs wobbled, and I wasn’t sure it was going to be sturdy enough to withstand what I was about to do to her, but I didn’t care. This room could do with one less table anyway.
I leaned over her and wrapped my hand around the back of her neck to bring her farther up for a kiss. I was determined to silence her objections. I wasn’t going to let her stop me now that I had made up my mind to taste her.
I pressed my weight down on her until her elbows caved and she was back to lying flat on the table. I really wanted to kiss my way down her body, but I was too scared that she might change her mind before I reached my true destination. I rose back up to stand upright between her legs again.
The sight before me had me momentarily paralyzed. Something about this woman had captured me last Friday night and hasn’t let go since. I was slightly terrified that once was not going to be enough with her, and the way I was feeling with her sprawled out before me for the taking, I wasn’t sure if fifty years would be enough with her.
She might be minutes away from screaming the building down in orgasmic bliss, but I was starting to think it was going to be me who ended up fucked.
I blinked away my inner musings and dropped to my knees in front of her. When I got a hint of the smell of her arousal, it momentarily crossed my mind to send the furniture manufacturer a thank you card because her intoxicatingly wet cunt was at perfect level with my face.
When I couldn’t hold back any longer, I placed my hands on the back of each of her thighs and pushed them back, making her skirt fall to gather over her stomach and opening her up to my scrutiny. Avery’s neatly trimmed pussy was flushed pink, dripping wet, and perfect.
The anticipation must have been killing her because she went back to begging. “Nicholas, please…I can’t stand it.” Her breathless pleas were making me feel like I discovered the female orgasm all on my own and I was the only one who could give it to her.
Holding her thighs high enough to lift her ass off the table, I finally flicked my tongue out to give her a firm, slow lick. I started at the opening of her pussy and made my way up to her throbbing clit.
She tasted like everything perfect in the world.
She tasted like I was going to lose my fucking mind.
The second that her flavor hit my tongue, I knew I was in for a world of trouble. And when she cried out at the contact, I immediately became addicted to her sound. I imagined this must be what if felt like when someone tried heroin for the first time because I couldn’t think of anything I wouldn’t do to hear that sound again.
I lifted my eyes high enough to find her hands clutching the gathered fabric of her skirt. I wished I could see her face, but it was obscured by the hills of her tits, and because I couldn’t get her fantasy out of my mind, I tightened my hold on her thighs hard enough to leave bruises. If I were a good guy, I’d be able to say I was conflicted about marring her body while doing something most considered ought to be done out of love, but I wasn’t. The knowledge that she was going to be walking out of this room wearing my fingerprints and teeth marks had me harder than I had ever been in my life.
I took her hypersensitive clit in between my teeth and bit down softly as I began sucking around the nub. And because that wasn’t enough, I let her thighs fall over my shoulders. I needed my hands free, so I could fill her. I might not be able to stick my dick inside her, but I was going to do what I could with my tongue and fingers.
I removed my teeth from her clit and moved my tongue to circle the opening of her needy hole. She was soaking wet, but I wanted to be sure she could take my fingers easily. “Nicholas.”
It was torture pulling my face away from her. “What, baby?” I knew what she wanted, but I wanted to hear her say it.
She sounded like she was in feverish pain. “I need more.”
I licked her from hole to clit again. “More of what, Imp? Do you want more of my tongue or is it my fingers you need?”
I wanted to shout from the rooftops when she answered me. “Both. Either. Anything,” she mewled. “Just as long as it’s you.”
I was so consumed by lust that I was losing my grip on reality. I resumed my ministrations on her clit while I slid my left middle finger into her warmth. I almost came in my pants at the sensation of having her soft, tight channel pulling my finger in.
As soon as I rubbed my finger against that magical area inside her pussy, she grabbed my hair with both her hands. “Nicholas…oh, God…Nicholas…”
There went reality.
I pumped my finger in and out of her pussy while I licked and sucked every inch of her pink lips with no rhyme or reason. Usually, I took my time when I went down on a woman, but Avery had me so turned on that I lost all my finesse with this particular skill.
One finger wasn’t enough for me. Even though I knew I couldn’t stick my cock in her, I was still going to make sure she walked out of this room sore.
I added a second finger to the first and slid both of them inside her, making her tight hole clench mercilessly around them. I couldn’t stand it anymore. I had to see her body reacting to what I was doing to her. I leaned back as far as I could with her hands still gripping my hair and I watched as her body took my fingers.
Everything about it was absolute.
Her body was made to receive me and everything I had to give her. I added a third finger and began finger fucking her until I was sure my hand was going to cramp up. “Oh, my God. Yes…please…”
I put my tongue back on her clit and the only thing that existed for me was this woman’s pleasure. I wasn’t going to stop until she was too sated to move. But more importantly, I was going to make certain she didn’t want to move anywhere without me.
I died a little inside every time I took my tongue off of her pussy, but I needed her with me. “That’s it, baby, cum for me. Come on, Avery. Cum all over my fucking face.”
I could feel her clenching at my words and her juices flowing down my hand. I kept jamming my fingers into her and caressing her g-spot every time I withdrew. “Don’t stop, Nicholas. Please, don’t stop. I’m going to cum.”
I had to see it. I wanted the picture of her face when she came imprinted in my mind. So, with as much coordination as I could manage, I got to my feet and covered her body with mine. I succeeded in keeping her legs over my shoulders and my hand was still halfway up her snug cunt.
She was thrashing her head from side-to-side, her eyes closed to try to contain all the sensations she was feeling, but that wasn’t going to work for me. I captured her chin in my other hand and forced her to look at me. There was no way I was going to let her fantasize about anything or anyone other than me when I made her cum. “Look at me, Imp.”
“Nicholas…” she kept her eyes closed.
I gripped her chin harder, inflicting enough pain to make her comply. “Open your fucking eyes and look at me, Avery,” I commanded, the fingers on my other hand never stopping.
She brought her hands to my collar and grabbed it until it was a stretched, wrinkled mess. Still, she opened her eyes, and it was the most magnificent sight I had ever seen. Her silver eyes were so clouded with desire that she couldn’t focus. “Avery, baby?”
She finally managed to focus, and when she did, she made sure she was looking directly into my eyes. She looked so amorous that she took my breath away. “Nicholas, please.”
An orgasm, my kidney, my fortune, whatever she was begging for, she was going to get. I started working my fingers inside her so furiously that I almost came. “Tell me what you want from me. Tell me what you want from only me, Imp.”
“Make me cum, Nicholas.” She lifted her head to brush her lips across mine. “Please.”
Forcing her eyes to remain locked on mine, I worked her tight cunt until she couldn’t control her body any longer. She arched her head back and screamed out as her orgasm seized her entire body. Her neck was bared to me, and like the offering it looked like, I sunk my teeth into her delicate skin and bit the holy fuck out of her. Her pussy tightened around my fingers so hard that I didn’t know if I’d be able to pull them out.
Christ, I couldn’t wait to feel it spasm around my cock.
After several seconds, her pussy finally started slowly clenching and unclenching around my fingers and I knew she was beginning to come down off her high. I withdrew my fingers and let go of her neck. I rested my forehead on her chest and tried to slow my breathing. It was so crazy. I didn’t fuck anyone or cum, but I felt as if I had. And because I had become so addicted to her taste, I brought my fingers to my mouth and licked her cream off my fingers. I didn’t make a show of it or make her watch me do it because cleaning her off my hand was all for me.
I could vaguely feel her lightly running her hands through my hair as she rode out the last of her aftershocks. I just wanted to fall to the floor with her, curl up, then call it a night. However, I didn’t think the janitorial service would appreciate it if they had to vacuum around us, and that reminded me…
I managed to tear myself away from her and walk over to where I had dropped her shredded panties and picked them up. I didn’t need to read over a report when I came in on Monday morning about employees fucking in the conference rooms.
To my great disappointment, when I turned around, Avery was already sitting up on the table trying to make herself presentable. I stuffed her panties in my pocket as I made my way over to her. I silently stood in front of her and waited for her to lift her head and look at me. “Imp?”
“What?” She still didn’t look at me, and I was praying inside that she wasn’t already regretting what happened because I had every intention of doing it again and again.
“Baby, look at me.” I bent my knees, so I could be level with her face, then nudged her chin to look at me. “Are you okay?”
She smirked at me. “I’ve never been better.” And then she pointedly looking at my crotch and asked, “Are you okay?”
I would have bought into her indifference had she not been blushing. “I’m fine, Imp.” I kissed her forehead. “But I’ll be better once we get out of here and go to my place.”
I saw her sexual haze finally lift when she registered what I said. “Huh…what?”
I stood back up to my full height, then cradled her face in my hands as I fixed her gaze to mine. “I’m taking you to my place, so I can fuck you all night without interruption.”
She bit her lower lip and glanced down. This wasn’t going to be good. “I can’t, Nicholas.”
Even though her expression had already said it all, I still didn’t like hearing it. “Why not?”
She let go of her lip and reverted her gaze back at me. “I promised Q and Izzy I’d go to The Shack with them tonight. It’s sort of our thing. I can’t back out, Nicholas.”
I didn’t like it. Not one fucking bit. Still, short of sliding a ring on her finger and dragging her to an unethical Justice of the Peace against her will, I couldn’t stop her. One session of oral sex didn’t give me the right to tell her what to do. Little did she know that once I got my cock inside her, that privilege was going to give me all kinds of rights over her and her body.
But for now, I just nodded. “Okay. Text me when you’re ready to go home and I’ll pick you up.”
“Nic-”
“This isn’t up for debate, Avery. The only way you’re walking out of this room alone to meet Quinn and Isabella is if you agree to let me pick you up later.” So much for waiting until I got my cock inside her to start being a controlling dick.
She glowered at me. “Fine. But you better have a nightstand full of condoms or I will not be held responsible for my actions.”
And with that parting shot, Avery hopped off the table and walked out of the conference room.
Without her panties.
Chapter 11
Lust: Because they look like they can get the job done
...and then some.

Avery~
The Shack was the epitome of old town San Jose. It wasn’t fancy, the beers didn’t cost ten dollars a bottle, and it’s been Quinn’s stomping ground since she had become old enough to drink.
Four years ago, I had moved here from Ione when I couldn’t take small town living anymore, and Izzy had moved here about three years ago when the company she worked for had offered her a promotion. She’d been promoted to senior marketing analyst for Willshire Marketing, but the position had come with a transfer to San Jose. So, since we were transplants, we had let Quinn take the reins whenever we had started hanging out together. And once Quinn found out that Isabella loved karaoke as much as she did, The Shack rituals had been born.
Q, Izzy, and I had made it here before any of the co-workers we had invited. It was paramount we got the table closest to Flip-karaoke DJ extraordinaire-because Q and Iz had a serious karaoke problem. For two chicks who couldn’t carry a tune, they sure spent a lot of time on the mic. And full disclosure here, I was a bit addicted to it myself. Karaoke was fun as hell.
Quinn plopped down in her chair as she placed two buckets of beers in the middle of the table. I was assuming the second one was for when everyone else showed up. “Not that I’m against making new friends and all, but why did you guys invite your co-workers?” Iz asked.
I tipped my already opened beer at Q. “Ask her. This is her circus act, not mine.”
“Oh, c’mon,” Quinn reached for a beer. “I just thought with the firing of Boris and Natasha, it would be a good morale booster.”
“Alright, but if they turn out to be serious, mature adults, I’m leaving,” Iz declared. “I didn’t come out tonight to be serious in the least.”
“I’ll be right behind you, Iz.”
Quinn gave me that look. You know the look you get when someone’s about to get real on you. “Really, Ace? Because you’re all about seriousness, right?”
Isabella started bouncing up and down in her seat, then slapped her hand down on the table in front of me. “That’s right. Q called me and told me Nicholas had you in the conference room doing unspeakable things to your body. Spill, chickaroo.”
This was the part where a respectable, reserved, mature woman would inform these two hoebags that sex was something private. However, there were no respectable, reserved, mature women sitting at our table just yet. “You show me yours and I’ll show you mine.”
Iz looked over at Quinn for some clarification. “Don’t look at me. I don’t have anything to show.” And that depressing thought had Quinn downing her beer.
Iz shot me a look. “Meaning?”
“Oh, please,” I scoffed. “You haven’t shared any details about Julian, and that sonofabitch has dimples. Still, you want me to give up the goods about Nicholas?”
“She’s got you there, Iz. And we really, really want to know about Julian.”
Isabella narrowed her eyes at us. “The best I’ve ever had and probably will ever have. There. Are you guys happy?”
Quinn let out a whoop. “So, what’s the deal with you guys then? Because that man has got it bad for you, baby girl.”
“There’s nothing going on,” she denied. “We’ve just been killing time together every now and again.”
“We need shots for this conversation.” Q stood up to head over to the bar. “But, Iz? You are out of your mind if you think that man is just ‘killing time’ with you.”
I had to agree with Quinn on this one. “She’s right, Iz. If your name gets mentioned, you can see his entire demeanor change. It’s kind of intense.”
“We have an agreement, Ace. It’s all under control.” I held up my beer to toast hers, silently wishing her luck.
Once Quinn was back and before Quinn could set down the shots, Iz was on her. “And what about you? What’s going on with you and Chase?”
Quinn grunted. “Nothing.” I raised my eyebrows at her, calling her liar with my expression. “What? It’s true. He’s nothing but a huge flirt and a world-class player. I’m just a game, and one I don’t intend to let him play.”
I liked Chase. “Oh, c’mon, Q. We barely know these guys. That’s a rather harsh judgment, don’t you think?”
“Nope,” she denied. “I don’t mind his annoying ways, but I’m not falling for his bullshit.”
“Grab your shots, ladies. And then, Ace, you’re coming clean about the conference room.” Well, after all, Isabella did show me hers, and I knew there was going to be more to what Nicholas and I were doing when there had been a text on my phone earlier, identifying his number. Nicholas had totally misused HR resources to get my cellphone number.
We took our shots and I dished. “We almost had sex, but he didn’t have any condoms. So, he…uh…made it up to me in other ways.”
And like the psychotic twins that they are, they both asked the same exact question at the same exact time. “Was he good?”
And because I didn’t lie to my friends… “To quote Iz, ‘the best I’ve ever had and probably will ever have’.”
Before the girls could respond, Jill and Maria were walking over with their own bucket of beers. I stood up and waved. “Hey, ladies.”
Maria smiled. “Oh, hey.” She looked over at Quinn. “This was a great idea, Quinn. We need some fun after working for Mr. Spillner all these years.”
Quinn laughed. “No shit.” She introduced Isabella. “This is our best friend, Isabella DeLucci.” Izzy shook their hands as introductions were made.
“Oh, there’s Joe, Tony, and Steve.” Jill waved them over our way. Since we were all co-workers, introductions were made once again for Izzy’s benefit, and I had to hold in my laugh when the guys had gotten a look at Iz. She was by far the hottest thing walking the streets of San Jose; simply beautiful.
“Okay, party people, we do shots of tequila, “Q announced. “So, before I make my way back over to the bar for another round, is there something else you guys prefer?”
Tony spoke for the group. “Tequila is fine.” He reached in his wallet and handed Q a hundred. “Use this to help cover the cost and add however many more buckets of beer.”
This time, I let out a whoop. Tonight was already starting out on a good note. “So, we need to know which of you lack shame and dignity.” I thumbed their attention towards the DJ. “Because my man, Flip, over there already has our list of karaoke songs on standby.”
Tony clapped Jill on her back. “No shame or dignity here. Jill and I are so onboard to sing.”
Jill choked on her beer. “We are?”
“Yep, we are. And if you’re not onboard yet, I’ll buy all of us enough tequila to change your minds.” He winked at her.
Quinn whistled for one of us-she didn’t care who-but she obviously needed help carrying everything over to our table. Steve jumped up out his chair so quickly that I could already tell where his mind was headed. Seeing them walk back over together, I could see Quinn going for him. He was a nice-looking guy.
Q and Steve placed the shots and beers all around the table, and apparently, Tony’s hundred had been enough for two shots each and two more buckets of beer. Tony held up his first shot. “Okay, to ridding the office of those two poisonous parasites.” We all ‘here, here’d’ and even Isabella drank to the toast. She knew enough about Mr. Spillner to be happy for us that he was gone.
“Alright, alright, ladies and gentlemen, it is music night, tonight, here at The Shack. Whether you want your music DJ-style or of the karaoke variety, I am the man to deliver it to you.” The place was comfortably crowded, but our table was definitely the largest and loudest. We gave Flip-karaoke DJ extraordinaire-the clapping introduction he deserved. Quinn even let out a loud, “Go, Flip!”
“I’m going to start you fine people off by shaking your tail feather while you all make your way up here to put in your karaoke requests.” Immediately we could hear P. Diddy’s Shake Your Tail Feather bumping out of the surround sound speakers. Hip-Hop was the best dance music out there.
Tony called me out. “So, you guys going to go put in your requests?”
Quinn looked at him like he just spit in her face. “Excuse me, amateur, but Flip already has our requests.” She took up his challenge. “Does he have yours?”
He took his second shot of tequila and smiled at her. Damn, this dude was good-looking, too. As a matter of fact, so was Joe. All three were seriously worth staring at. “I’m not scared,” he assured Q, then walked over to Flip to put in his song requests.
And because tequila was the true inhibitor of all common sense, Maria and Joe jumped up to follow Tony for their requests. I looked over at Jill. “No singing for you?”
She held up one finger to put me on hold, then took her second shot. “One more of these and I’ll be down for whatever.”
We all laughed. This was what good times were supposed to be. Right now, as it stood, we didn’t have any boring people at our table. Everyone seemed to really be onboard with having a fun and silly night. Quinn had chosen well when she had recruited these five.
As Jill finished the final shot, Quinn went for another round. “Okay, when I get back, me and Iz are going to rock that stage.”
As Quinn vacated her seat, Steve moved over to sit next to me. “Avery, may I ask you something?”
I had a feeling I already knew what that something was. “Yeeeess?”
He looked towards Quinn’s retreating back. “Does Quinn have a boyfriend? Is she seeing anyone?”
I really wanted to tell him yes because I thought there was more to her and Chase than she was admitting, but the truth was that aside from some intense flirting on his part, they weren’t seeing each other. Bummer. “No, Steve. She’s currently single.”
His entire face lit up at that news. “Great. Thanks, Avery.”
Q made it back with the shots, and after Q, Iz, and I downed our fourth one, Q and Izzy headed towards Flip while the rest of the group made their way back to our table.
“Why aren’t you going up with them?” Maria asked, already reaching for her shot.
“This is Quinn and Izzy’s karaoke kick off ritual. I’ll join in on the second act.” I bounced my eyebrows at the table. “Then it’s your turn, bitches.”
“Uh, Avery?”
I turned to my right, giving Steve my attention. “Yes?”
“Does that teleprompter say what I think it says?”
I grabbed another beer, cracked it open, then saluted Steve with it. “Ain’t nuthing but a gangsta party, Steve.”

*****

Nicholas~
We snuck into The Shack. Seriously, snuck in. Chase couldn’t wrangle an invite from Quinn, and I figured if Avery had wanted me here, she would have extended an invitation when she had informed me of her plans with the girls.
Aware of the fact that our company may be unwanted, we made our way to the end of the bar and hid-yes, hid-around the corner where the bar top came to an end.
The Shack was a cozy hangout spot, and it wasn’t until I noticed the karaoke stage that I realized showing up here uninvited was definitely not one of our best ideas. “Dude? You guys recognize those West Coast gangsta rappers up there?” I nodded my head towards the stage as, I presume, a very drunk Quinn and Isabella were thuggin’ it out as Tupac and Snoop Dog.
“Is Isabella Crip walking?” Chase asked stunned. And, let me tell you, it took a lot to shock Chase.
I could only nod. “Looks like it.”
Julian ran his hands down his face, clearly at a loss. “So, I’m guessing that insanity up there is our future if we decide to keep on with these girls.” Julian signaled the bartender, clearly in need of a drink since he had pretty much already decided to keep Isabella.
I searched for Avery and found her sitting at a table with a bunch of other people. I recognized Tony Adams as a finance analyst and that’s when it dawned on me that they were partying with fellow co-workers.
No wonder we hadn’t been invited.
I was so caught up in how we were going to sneak back out of here that I didn’t grasp that Quinn and Isabella were done until I heard all the clapping. However, instead of them getting off stage, Avery joined them.
As soon as the first bars of Bruno Mars’ 24 Karat Magic started playing, the girls went into a routine that they have no doubt done thousands of times before. They couldn’t sing worth a lick, but their enjoyment was so infectious that I found myself smiling.
The bartender finally delivered our drinks, but instead of starting a tab, I pulled out my wallet to pay in cash. We couldn’t stay here. As much fun as we were guaranteed to have with these three wildly, perfect women, the fact that they were sitting with their co-workers made our being here more inappropriate than we were already being.
If that were even possible.
I chugged half my beer before breaking the news to Julez and Chase. “C’mon, guys, we can’t stay here. They’re partying with other co-workers.”
Shocked to shit, Chase agreed with me. “You’re right. We don’t need the entire building to know our business come Monday morning.”
And then like the selfish asshole that he was, Julian rubbed a vigorous amount of salt in our unprofessional wounds. “You guys don’t need anyone knowing your business. Luckily, Isabella doesn’t work for us, so I don’t have to go anywhere.”
Chase wasn’t having any of it. “You wouldn’t, dude.”
Julian just laughed. “Oh, I would. You guys had an entire bar full of women to choose from last week. It’s not my fault you chose those two.”
Chase shook his head. “You’re an asshole, Julez.”
“No doubt. Still, I’m an asshole who’s going to go home with the woman he wants tonight.” Julian finished off his beer. “You and Sav can go home and have game night. It’ll be fun.”
The girls finished singing and gave up the mic to the next set of karaoke starlets. And because I was paying more attention to the girls than to Julian and Chase’s bickering, I was the only one to notice how Quinn sat all cozy-like next to one of the guys. I had to get Chase out of here.
Fast.
I polished off my beer and gave Julian my best something-is-not-right look. He gave me a puzzled look, and it wasn’t until I tilted my head towards the table that he noticed what I was noticing. “You know, on second thought, I’ll just head out with you guys. Isabella’s having a fun girls’ night out with Quinn and Avery. I’ll just hit her up tomorrow,” he said as he went to stand in front of Chase. Chase and I were the same height, so only Julian could effectively block his view.
Chase regarded Julian with all the suspicion Julian deserved. “What happened to letting me and Nick suffer alone.”
“My love for you guys kicked in at the last minute,” he replied absently as he started to herd Chase in the direction of the exit. “I’m a great friend like that.”
“Fine, fuckface, just let me finish my beer-” Somehow, Chase found his way around Julian, and the second Chase’s arm came to a dead stop with his beer halfway tilted towards his mouth, I knew shit was going to go south.
Fuck. This wasn’t good.
Chase rarely lost his shit. So, when he did, it was in spectacular fashion. “What in the fuck does she think she’s doing?”
Julian grabbed him by his shirt and dragged him back into the shadowed corner of the bar while I followed behind, caging Chase in between the two of us. Still holding onto Chase, Julian tried to get him to see reason. “Chase, dude, you gotta think this through. If you go over there, everyone at that table is going to think Quinn is sleeping with the boss.”
We had to get through to him. “He’s right, Chase. You can’t do that,” I added.
He rounded on me. “And if it was Avery?”
“That’s different, Chase, and you know it.”
Chase looked ready to do battle and I couldn’t blame him. I’d be reacting the same way if they were trying to keep me from Avery under the same circumstances. “Have you fucked Avery yet?”
I reared my head back. “What the fuck, man?”
“Just answer the question, Nick. If you’ve slept with her, then I’ll concede that the situations are different. But if you haven’t slept with her yet, you’re in the same boat I am. Don’t be a hypocrite.”
“Maybe, but I’m not the one about to storm over to her table and announce to everyone she works with that I’m fucking her or want to fuck her,” I barked, trying to make him see reason.
Chase leveled me with a look only someone who knows me like he does could. “So, if she was sitting on some fucking prick’s lap, you’d remain calm enough to handle this at a more appropriate time?”
I was about to lie to my best friend, but in my defense, I was doing it to keep him from ruining things with Quinn. “Quinn is not sitting on anyone’s lap,” I point out. “But, yes, because I wouldn’t want to fuck it up before it even began.”
The second that Chase’s face morphed into a smirk, I knew I was fucked. “Kudos, Nick. That’s very mature of you. So, I guess you can handle Avery innocently dancing with some guy, too.”
Julian muttered a couple of curses as I turned around to see what the hell Chase was talking about. Avery was on the dance floor, and she was dancing with some fucking tool who was not one of her co-workers.
Julian moved to stand in front of the both of us. “Think about this, guys. Once you two fools go over there, there will be no turning back. None. Pandora’s Box and all that.”
I didn’t care. I wasn’t the caveman Julian was, and I may not be the bulldozer Chase was, but I’d be goddamned if Avery was going to be dancing with another guy hours after my face was buried in her pussy. The fact that she thought she could was a problem for me.
I started making my way through the crowd with Chase hot on my heels, and I didn’t doubt for a second that Julian was right behind him. Right or wrong, Julian always had our backs.
Always.
The song had ended, and Avery had already made her way back to her seat. However, because she and Quinn were seated with their backs to us, the only one who could see us coming was Isabella. We probably looked like avenging angels descending on the table if the expression on her face was any indication.
She tried to warn the girls, bless her little naïve heart. “Q, Ace-” Isabella started, but the girls were too busy having fun to take note of the seriousness in her voice. I recognized the moment everyone else at the table took note of who we were because the table noise came to a definite silence.
“Jul-” Julian passed by us and made his way over to the other side of the table to get to Isabella, leaving me and Chase to stand behind-a still clueless-Avery and Quinn.
Then the ever articulate Quinn uttered, “What the fuck?” when Julian lifted Isabella out of her seat, sat down in said seat, then locked her onto his lap. Isabella was undeniably off the market, she just didn’t know it yet. However, every man at this table now did.
“Ladies.” Who knew one casual two-syllable word out of Chase’s mouth could knock around drinks and chairs all over the place?
Avery and Quinn whipped around so fast that I was surprised neither of them got whiplash. “Wh...what…who…what?” I’d laugh at Avery’s stunned expression if we hadn’t had such a rapt audience.
Quinn looked furious. “Mr. Savage, Mr. Alexander,” she ignored Julian, “what a coincidence seeing you gentlemen here tonight.”
And then Chase did something none of us could come back from. “We know you ladies wanted a boyfriend-free night, but Julian decided Isabella wasn’t going to be boyfriend-free tonight after all, so here we are.”
I could hear a couple of people at the table choking on their drinks, but Quinn was on-point, as always. “Oh, well thanks for dropping him off. We’ll make sure he and Iz get home safely.” The condescending smile she gave us was beautiful. Quinn’s smile was so stunning that she could probably stop a world war with it.
I decided to intervene before she and Chase came to blows in front of everyone. “You guys don’t mind if we join you, do you?” I wasn’t stupid. I knew there’s no way they were going to object to us joining them. Especially, Julian since he was their direct boss.
You could hear a bunch of mumbles of ‘sure’, ‘of course not’, ‘yeah’, ‘cool’. The only people not eagerly agreeing were the girls. I knew Isabella was going to cast her vote based on what Avery and Quinn wanted to do. She and Julian weren’t caught up in the same fucked-up unprofessional trap the rest of us were in.
The assholes.
Avery tried to protest. “There aren’t any extra chairs or else we’d be happy for you to join us-”
And because jealousy and lust were a lethal combination, Chase solved that predicament without thinking it through. “No problem, sweetheart.” And then he proceeded to follow in Julian’s footsteps. He yanked Quinn out of her seat, commandeered her chair, and then plopped her back onto his lap.
I didn’t think Quinn would murder him in front of so many witnesses, but I had no doubt that she would eventually murder him.
Pity. I sucked at making new friends.
Avery was looking up at me to see if I was going to follow suit, but I just jerked my head to the side, giving her the choice to peacefully vacate her seat or follow in the wake of her friends. She looked over at Isabella and Quinn, then quietly gave into defeat. She stood up and waited until I was seated before she made her way onto my lap. As she sat down, she whispered in my ear, “We’re going to torture you three until your souls leave your body and it’s going to last for days. I suggest you guys make an announcement that you’ll be out of the office for a week or so.”
Okay, maybe not so quietly.
I just wrapped my arms around her and took her threat of violence like a man.
I mean, to be fair, we sort of did deserve it.
Chapter 12
Lust: Because who in the hell has silver fucking eyes???

Nicholas~
Julian did his best to smooth things over with everyone and assure them that they could continue drinking and having a good time, but things still felt strained. I knew our fuck-up was serious when Quinn was called up by the DJ and she declined her song. After that, everyone else declined their turns as well.
This was so not good.
“So, looks like it’s getting late,” Steve stated-unconvincingly. It was barely ten. “I’m thinking I might head over to that new place, Xavier’s. I hear it’s the place to be these days.”
Maria reached for the metaphorical baton. “I heard the same thing. If we head over now, we might still be able to get in.” She gave Jill, Tony, and Joe a not-so-subtle look.
“Xavier’s sounds great, we-”
Chase cut Quinn off. “Make sure you guys get there safely. We’re just going to kick back here.”
Jill didn’t know what was going on exactly, but she knew enough not to argue. “Sounds good,” she replied, grabbing her purse. “Thanks for inviting us out Quinn. This was fun. We should do it again sometime.” The ‘without the bosses’ was strongly implied.
Quinn just smiled at her. “Sure thing, Jill.”
As soon as they were out the door, Avery and Quinn jumped up off our laps and sat next to us in the newly empty seats. “Are you out of your fucking minds?”
I had to admit, I didn’t see that coming. I expected Quinn to be the one to lose her shit and give us the well-deserved dressing down, not Avery. “It’s not like we planned-”
Avery held up an empty beer bottle and pointed the ass end of it at me. “I will crack this bottle in half and stab you with it if you dare to finish that sentence.” Her mercury gaze freezing me in place.
I opened my mouth to speak, but then closed it again. I needed to evaluate just how serious she was. I wasn’t up for being stabbed tonight. Or any other night, really.
“Look, Imp-”
“Don’t ‘look, Imp’ me, Nicholas Savage.” She still held out the beer bottle. “If you guys really didn’t plan to fuck up our night, then what the hell are you three doing here at a hole-in-the-wall bar instead of at Xavier’s?”
“Yeah, isn’t that your scouting spot,” Quinn added snidely.
I took offense. Julian and I had not been ‘scouting’ last Friday night. I turned my attention from Avery to Quinn. “We don’t scout. And even if we did, we’ve already found what we want, no need to continue.”
“Quit acting stupid, Nicholas.” Avery was genuinely upset. “Everyone at work is going to be thinking Quinn and I are fucking our bosses. Can you even fathom how humiliating that is?”
I gritted my teeth at her declaration. First of all, she made it sound like what we were doing was sleazy when it wasn’t. Secondly, she might not have technically fucked her boss yet, but she was going to be fucking her boss really soon, so…
However, I couldn’t argue her point. That’s exactly what everyone they worked with would be thinking. And while it didn’t bother me, per se…nobody needed to know our business.
Fucking Chase and his jealousy.
“We’ll fix it,” Chase said, promising the impossible.
Quinn looked ready to strangle him. “Oh, really, Father Time? Because going back in time is the only thing that is going to fix this.”
I shrugged my shoulder as I gave them the best solution I could come up with. “It’s simple. We date out in the open instead of fucking in secret.”
“Are you high?” Avery accused.
“I’m not even fucking Chase,” Quinn pointed out.
“Just hear me out, ladies,” I implored, palms up. “The damage is already done. The only thing we can do now to minimize the rumor mill is to make our relationships respectable.”
This was where Julian and Isabella decided to finally chime in. Julian grunted. “My relationship is respectable.”
Isabella let out an unladylike snort. “You have this all backwards. It’s perfectly okay for us to have sex in secret. I don’t work for you. They need the relationship label, not us.”
I thought Julian was going to lose all touch with reality, and he didn’t disappoint. “Keep telling yourself that, Isabella. You’re mine, and if I have to lock you in my goddamn basement and never let you out for you to grasp that point, I will.”
I heard Avery exhale and I cursed her fucking fantasy for the millionth time. “Focus, Imp.”
She looked affronted. “I’m trying, but how am I supposed to concentrate when he says shit like that?” She pointed her finger at Julian like she was identifying him in a police lineup. “Plus, the fucker has dimples.” I didn’t know what Julian’s dimples had to do with anything, but I found out last Friday not to hurt my brain by trying to make sense of anything Avery said when she’s been drinking.
“Christ on a cracker, can you people focus?” Quinn screeched.
“Relax, I have the perfect solution.” Isabella proclaimed. “Just tell everyone that Julian’s my boyfriend, and by default, our relationship has forced you ladies to hang out socially with those two imbeciles, and so what they witnessed was just some fun off-the-clock friendship.” She gave us all a smug world-problem-solving smirk.
I was highly offended when Avery threw herself across the table and kissed Isabella on the lips. “Iz, you are a god.” Avery whipped her head around, glancing at all of us. “It can totally work. No one did anything to suggest anything other than playful friendship.”
Quinn let out a whistle and whoop worthy of a strip club. She pointed at Isabella. “That’s what makes you the marketing genius that you are, Iz.”
I couldn’t take it anymore. “Stop. Everyone, just stop.”
To my surprised they did stop. “Look, I don’t pretend to know what’s going on over there.” I waved my hand in the direction of Julian and Isabella. “And I sure as fuck haven’t a clue what this spectacle of insanity is over here.” I bobbed my head towards Chase and Quinn. “But what I do know is that whatever bullshit Avery decides to spew at work Monday morning, it’s not stopping me from fucking her unconscious tonight.”
That little announcement was met with a gasp by Avery, a choking sound by Isabella, a laugh by Quinn, a wink by Chase, and a smirk by Julian.
I stood up and snatched Avery up by her arm. “We’re leaving. You four can do whatever the hell it is you want to do, but I’m taking Avery home. And if anyone of you calls us before Monday morning, I’m going to fucking kill the whole lot of you.”
“Wait,” Isabella objected. “Why kill all of us if only one of us calls you? That seems a might bit unfair, don’t you think?”
I leveled her with a look. “Maybe. But I suggest if you don’t want to die, you make sure no one calls.”
Avery barely had time to grab her purse before I was marching us out of the bar. It wasn’t until we got outside that I realized that Chase had driven. “How’d you get here?”
“We split a cab.”
I looked up and down the street, and because God was on my side tonight, I saw a yellow vision of magnificence heading in our direction. I almost got myself run over as I jumped out into the street to flag the cab down. Once we got into the cab, I gave the driver my address.
I know, I know. I’ve never taken a woman home before, but Avery wasn’t just any woman And, complete honesty here, if we went to her place, she’d be able to kick me out. And if we went to a hotel, I couldn’t stop her from leaving without the cops being called, so my place it was.
I wanted this woman something fierce, and after what happened in the conference room earlier, one night was not going to be enough. Plus, because only Chase and Julian ever came over, there wouldn’t be any interruptions. I wanted all the hours I could get with Avery without any interruptions whatsoever. None.
Doing the math in my head, it was going to take a good twenty minutes to get from The Shack to my place, and I didn’t have any doubt the cock-blocking cab driver was going to obey all traffic laws and stop at all the red lights.
The fucking bastard.
I lasted two minutes. “Come here, Imp.”
She looked over at me. “What?”
Giving her a look that make it clear I was at my wit’s end, I repeated my demand, “I said, come here.”
She turned her head towards the front of the cab and a blush came over her entire face. “Nicholas-”
“Get the fuck over here right now, Avery, or so help me God, I will drag you over here. Your choice. I get the same result either way.”
She unhooked her seatbelt and scooted over slowly towards me. The cab driver took notice and immediately objected. “You need to put your seatbelt back on young lady.”
Avery immediately went to return to her side of the seat when I seized her arm, stopping her. “There’s three hundred on top of the cost of the ride if you just get us to where we need to be, and you ignore what’s going on back here.”
And like most everyone else, the cab driver apparently could be bought because he looked away from the mirror and just uttered a quiet, “Just be careful.”
With that green light, I hauled Avery up over my lap to straddle my dick. I buried my hands in her hair and brought her mouth down to mine to silence any protests she could voice.
For some reason, our kissing was more frantic than it had ever been before. Maybe because we knew that, this time, it was going to end with her naked in my bed.
I worked my way from her lips to her neck and if I wasn’t hard before, seeing my teeth marks on her neck from earlier today had my cock harder than steel. I licked the bite mark, and all of a sudden, Julian’s caveman ways didn’t seem so ridiculous anymore because I wanted to mark this woman everywhere.
Avery had placed her hands on my shoulders to hold herself upright, and that aligned her tits perfectly with my face. I wanted to rip her blouse open and take her nipples into my mouth, but I drew the line at giving the cab driver a chance to see Avery’s bare body. Instead, I tightened my hold in the mess of her hair and pulled hard enough to make her arch backwards. I ran my gaze from her neck down to her straddle legs. I tried to imagine her naked, but I knew I couldn’t do the reality justice.
I pulled her head back to face me and I brought it down to rest her forehead on mine. “Avery, baby, I’m going to fucking own you all weekend. I’m going to let you out from under me long enough to eat, shower, and use the restroom only. The rest of the weekend is going to be spent with you being pumped full of my tongue, fingers, and cock.” I kissed her hard, and then drew my point home. “I’m going to fuck you until your hot cunt is so sore and swollen that it can’t take my dick anymore.”
Avery was breathing so hard that it was a wonder she wasn’t hyperventilating. She moved her hands to hold my face, and as she ran a finger across my lips, her response had me high off the power she was handing me. “I will do whatever you want, however you want.” And looking me dead in my eyes, so there was no doubt as to her seriousness, she said, “And when I tell you I can’t take anymore and I’m begging you to stop, I want you to force me to take you, Nicholas. Make me take you and make this night everything I’ve been dreaming about.”
And I was supposed to let her go come Sunday?
Not likely.

*****

Avery~
After I had laid my little bombshell on Nicholas in the cab, he had practically thrown me off his lap. He had even leaned over and secured my seatbelt, using it like a force field against his lack of self-control. We had ridden the rest of the way in silence and a part of me was scared that he’d try and fail at my fantasy, and another part of me was scared that he wouldn’t try at all.
I wasn’t a total buffoon. I knew my sexual desires were less than conventional, and I was really secretly afraid of being judged for them. So, Nicholas’ silence had me paranoid to the point where I toyed with having the cab just take me home after dropping Nicholas off.
Most men were raised to believe that they weren’t to ever harm a woman physically, that women were the softer of the sexes, and they were created to be cherished and protected. So, I knew asking a man to go against his ingrained teachings and beliefs could create a complicated dynamic. I had to trust Nicholas completely, and he had to know, almost by magic, when no meant no, and when no meant more.
Of course, this was only for tonight. I wanted one night to fulfill my fantasy. After that, I was fine with your regular variety household sex. However, something told me that even old reliable missionary with Nicholas would be anything but of the regular variety.
The cab came to a stop, bringing me out of my doubts. I was unbuckling my seatbelt when Nicholas practically threw a small fortune at the cab driver and was out of the door and opening mine before I even had my seatbelt completely off. His eagerness was a little bit sweet and a lot funny.
He managed to haul me out of the cab without dislocating my shoulder-barely. He was in such a hurry that I smacked straight into his back when he came to an abrupt stop just before opening the front door to the lobby. “Oomph,” flew from my lips. The man had a seriously hard body.
Nicholas turned to face me and the look on his face had me worried. “Avery, are you sure about this?” He bent at the knees, so that his face was leveled with mine. “I need you to be absolutely sure because once we walk through these doors, I am not letting you leave. Probably ever.”
I knew it was the lust talking, but I couldn’t help the flutter I felt in my chest at his declaration. “I want this, Nicholas. I want you.”
He whirled back towards The Soteria-that’s what the building’s moniker read-and yanked open one of the front doors. He held the door open for me to pass, but once I took notice of the lobby, I couldn’t move. The room was beautiful in all its Greek masculine décor. I turned back towards Nicholas. “What does Soteria mean?”
“She was the Goddess of Salvation,” Nicholas answered hurriedly. “I promise you’ll get a tour some other time, just not now.”
He led me down a narrow corridor that had a locked door at the end. I watched as Nicholas typed in a code on the keypad that was located next to the door. “What is this? Where are we going?”
Nicholas opened the door after the obvious click of the lock disengaging. “This leads to my private elevator.” And shit, sure enough, it did.
He ushered me into the waiting elevator. “So, I’m guessing this leads to your penthouse on the top floor because people just have these kinds of lives.”
He backed me up against the elevator wall until the bar was digging into my back. “SMA owns the building. I have the entire top floor to myself because Chase and Julian choose to live elsewhere.”
He lowered his head and started kissing my neck. I dropped my head back to give him better access because, let’s face it, everything this man did felt good.
I let out a moan, but whispered, “It must be nice.”
“Baby, if I lost everything tomorrow and had to start working at Home Depot, I would still consider my life a success.” He chuckled as he spoke, implying there was an inside joke in there somewhere.
It was obvious he was done talking when he removed his head from the crook of my neck and took possession of my mouth.
Sonofabitch, this man could kiss.
I ran my hands up his arms to bury them in his hair and use the leverage to practically climb on top of him. He responded by lifting me up and placing the edge of my ass on the elevator’s handlebar. The bar lined my desperate center up perfectly with his cock. When he stepped forward to rub himself against me, all I could think was how lucky I was that he had such a big dick.
And what a fucking idiot I was to wear pants tonight.
As if he could read my mind, Nicholas groaned out as he ripped his lips from mine. “Why’d you have to wear pants, Imp? I’d already be inside you if you had worn a skirt.” He rubbed himself harder against me. “Matter of fact, just throw out every pair of pants you own. You’re not going to need them from here on out.”
I couldn’t help the laugh that escaped me. “Is that so?”
“Yeah, that’s so.” I kept finding it harder and harder to keep my feet planted in reality. I knew Nicholas wasn’t serious with his random declarations that hinted towards this being more than just a one-night stand, but if I was being completely honest with myself, a part of me wanted to believe the bullshit he was feeding me.
However, before I could travel farther down that rabbit hole, the elevator dinged, alerting us to our arrival.
“Thank fuck.” Nicholas didn’t put me down, though. Instead, he carried me into the foyer with my legs still wrapped around his waist. The elevator opened directly into his penthouse which made that access door downstairs technically his front door.
“Nicholas, put me down. I need-”
He huffed out a quick, “No,” then backed me into the wall as he continued to kiss me.
I bit his lip to try to get him to listen to me, but it had the opposite effect. He growled and bit me back, so I tried another tactic. I slid my hand down his chest towards his stomach, hoping he’d catch on to what I was trying to do.
He did.
He leaned back a bit to give my hand room to make its way to the buttons on his jeans. “Nicholas, you have to put me down, so I can get out of these pants.”
“Fuck.” He set me down, but I wasn’t expecting what happened next. My pants were simple black dress slacks, so they weren’t durable like denim. Still, I didn’t think they’d shred like they did when Nicholas grabbed either side of the waist band and ripped them down and off my body. Picture a stripper’s Velcro costume bottoms being ripped off on stage and that’s what we had going on here.
And it was the hottest thing that any man has ever done to me.
I kicked off my black kitten heels and that made Nicholas tower over me some more. He went for my silk lavender blouse next, but rather than shred that to shit, too, he just pulled it up over my head and tossed it to the side. I was standing there in nothing but my blue bra and panties. And like the girl I was, I thanked all the angels in Heaven that I had put on a matching set when I had gotten dressed earlier.
I had no idea how he did it, but when he took a step back and slowly skimmed me from head to toe and back up again, he had me feeling like I was the most exquisite thing he’s ever laid his eyes on. Feeling desired was a powerful aphrodisiac.
I wish I were that girl who was all coy sex kitten, but I wasn’t. And with the way Nicholas was looking at me, I realized I didn’t need to be. I reached for his shirt, and together, we tore the offending fabric from his body.
I almost swallowed my tongue.
He looked like a God in a suit, and he looked like a master of sex in jeans and a casual shirt, but Nicholas without a shirt was definitely the Eighth Wonder of the World. He was everything that defined the perfect male specimen. He had broad shoulders and a chiseled chest that tapered down to a six-pack worthy of any fitness magazine on the planet. Nicholas had planes and ridges deep enough to cut your finger on. And the man had tattoos. They were random pieces all over his biceps and chest, but holy hell.
It wasn’t fair. Here I was, looking like a Simple Sally with average B-cups and enough hips to have something to hold on, but not enough to sway them sexily back and forth, and he had to go and look like he did. I shook off that depressing thought and kept up my ogling.
I was so thrilled to see that he had a happy trail that started on those indecent abs of his. I know a lot of women preferred that freshly waxed look, but not me. I wanted a man and Nicholas Savage was all man. The only person in this duet that should be waxing and primping was me.
I went for the buttons on his jeans next, and the second Nicholas saw what I was doing, he started kicking off his shoes. I finally got his zipper down and went straight for the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.
And praise, Jesus, it was a big fucking pot.
He was like velvet steel, all smooth, hot, and solid. “Nicholas, I don’t think I can survive any foreplay. I need this-you, now,” I begged like the horny tart I was.
He pulled a condom out of his back pocket and held it in between his teeth as he shoved his pants down, underwear and all. I watched in fascination as he rolled the condom over too many inches of massive iron and the sight had me already dripping down my thighs.
He shuffled towards me the best he could with his jeans trapped around his ankles and lifted me up to circle my legs around his waist, backing me up against the wall once again. The seconds felt like hours. I wanted this man with a ferociousness I’d never felt before.
And like the professional he was, he managed to hold me up with one hand while he stuck his finger from his other hand in one of the eyelets woven in the lace of my panties and ripped it clean through. With the other leg opening still intact, my panties fell over my right thigh, not completely falling off, but completely useless, nonetheless.
He glided his finger inside my pussy, and I was embarrassed by how wet I already was when all the man had done so far was kiss me.
When he found my wet center, he growled-actually growled, “Baby, I promise to spend the rest of the night worshipping every inch of you.” Nicholas took his cock in his hand, and I felt him guiding it to my soaked opening. “But right now, this first time, I don’t have the patience.”
He was killing me. “I don’t need you to worship me, Nicholas. I need you to use me. Use my body to make every fantasy you’ve ever had come true.”
Without warning, he rammed into me with so much force that I was pretty sure my body left an imprint in the wall behind me. I closed my eyes and let out a scream so intense that I was surprised my vocal cords didn’t burst. Even as wet as I was, it felt like he was ripping me in two.
He hadn’t moved, giving me time to adjust to his invasion. “Look at me, Imp.”
I opened my eyes and tried to focus through the pain. I could see him struggling between doing what was right and fulfilling my fantasy. I gave him a small smile as I leaned forward to place a soft kiss on his lips, hoping to ease the strain so evident on his face. “Please, Nicholas. Just for tonight, please do this. Tomorrow you can adore me all you want.”
He held my gaze for a few seconds longer before he nudged his face into the crook in my neck. Before I could guess what he was going to do, he bit down on my neck hard enough to draw blood, then started pumping himself into my body with enough power to steal the breath from my lungs.
I was so hungry for what this man was doing to me that I could actually hear the splashing of my wetness every time he slammed into me. Plus, I could already feel the beginning signs of my impending orgasm. “Nicholas, don’t stop. Please, don’t stop. I’m already going to cum.”
“Thank fuck, baby, because so am I,” he heaved out. Most men would be embarrassed to admit being on the verge of cumming so soon, but I was drunk with lust by the fact that he was just as turned on as I was.
Not thirty second later, heat started to coil in the center of my body, and it shot out like tentacles to reach every point of my body. “Nicholas…”
He started thrusting his cock harder inside my body, and through the aftershocks of my orgasm, I could feel him thickening inside me. “Fuuuuuuuuuuck,” he hissed as he came inside the condom. The force of his thrust was so hard that I was curious to see if the condom was still in one piece.
To his credit, he held me up longer than I thought he could. However, unlike the conference room, this time, the both of us slid to the floor.
Chapter 13
Greed: Because one night wasn’t going to be enough. Ok, let me rephrase-
because two nights weren’t going to be enough.

Avery~
I was lying in Nicholas’ bed, realizing that I wanted to live in it forever. He owned a California King bed that had a mattress made out of sunshine and miracles.
After we had managed to catch our breath, Nicholas had removed whatever remained of our clothing, picked me up, and had carried me to his bedroom. The moment my back had touched the sheets on his bed, I had started formulating a plan to murder him, take over his identity, and live in his bed forever. Quinn and Iz needed to help me work out a few of the details, but I thought it was totally doable.
He had told me to stay put as he had gone to dispose of the condom, but that demand hadn’t been really necessary. I was never leaving this bed.
I turned my head as I heard Nicholas walking out of the adjoining bathroom, and let me tell you, the sight was magnificent. Nicholas was stark-ass naked and that phenomenon of his was just swinging freely between his legs. Still, the way he was carrying himself, you would have thought he was dressed in a ten-thousand-dollar Armani suit. The man did not lack confidence, that’s for sure. And he ought to be confident as evident by my sore lady bits.
I could only stare as he made his way towards the bed and pulled back the sheets to climb in on top of me. He propped himself up on his elbows, so he could look at me. “Like what you saw there?”
His weight felt like home, but of course I couldn’t tell him that, so I settled on, “Eh, not bad.”
He laughed because he knew I was lying. “Well, I guess I’ll just have to work out harder.”
I wrapped my arms around his back and started stroking his shoulder blades. I knew he didn’t need me to say it, but it was what I was feeling. “You’re perfect, Nicholas, and you know it. You’re absolutely gorgeous.”
He regarded me thoughtfully. “Depends on your definition of perfect, Imp.”
It was my turn to laugh now. “You are the definition of perfect. Hell, you, Chase, and Julian are like mortal gods, you guys are so beautiful. Don’t act like you don’t know it.”
He leaned in to kiss me while he began to brush my hair back from my face with his hands. “Now, see? Julian, Chase, and I look nothing alike, yet you say we’re all three perfect in looks. So, my point stands. Perfection is a matter of opinion.” He initiated round two by shifting his kisses, so they were descending down my body.
I went for honesty again. “Well, I think you’re perfectly beautiful.”
He inched his way down my body until I felt him take both my breasts in his hands. “I’m not, but I’m grateful as hell that you think so, Imp,” he whispered before squeezing one of my tits and wrapping his lips around the hard nub. I arched my back in pleasure, giving him better access.
I let myself get lost in pleasure as he kneaded my flesh and worked his way from one hard, sensitive nipple to the other. I slid my hands under the pillow, moving my arms to the either side of my head, so there was nothing in his way of devouring me. I whimpered, “You feel so good, Nicholas.”
He finished his ministrations on my breasts and started kissing his way farther south. “You got it all wrong, baby. It’s you who feels so good.”
I eagerly opened my legs wider to accommodate his body sliding down over mine and I was practically panting with anticipation of when he reached his goal. Hell, when he reached my goal. After all, thanks to our lapse in judgment in the conference room, I already knew what he was capable of, and that had been without the luxury of time and a bed made of sunshine and miracles.
“Awe, baby,” he sounded so sincere that I raised my head to get a look at what he was doing. He was already looking up at me when I made eye contact with him, but before I could ask him if he was okay, he stuck a finger inside me. And even though I was already wet, I couldn’t stop my wincing at the pain brought on by how sore I was.
I flopped my head back down on the pillow and worried that he was going to ignore all of my earlier reassurances and stop this from going any further. And while I could admit, I was extremely sore, this wasn’t about sex or pain or even handing over my free will.
This was about insecurities.
My insecurities when it came to men.
I wanted to get lost in my own mind and believe that a man wanted me and only me so badly that nothing would stop him from having me. Not being in public, not being at work, not my protests, not my complaining body-nothing. My parents had shown me that kind of devotion wasn’t real, but I wanted to pretend it was just for tonight. I could go back to settling for less tomorrow.
Just when I was about to reconcile myself to disappointment, I felt Nicholas’ breath on my pussy. “I’ll just have to make sure I kiss it all better first because, baby, there’s no way I’m not going to spend all night balls-deep inside this sweet-tasting cunt of yours.”
I almost wept with relief.
And then I almost wept in ecstasy when he started licking my pussy in long, leisurely, torturous strokes. He was gentle and appeasing when he circled my opening with his tongue, but every time he reached my clit, he started nibbling, sucking, and biting at the little pearl.
He tightened his hold on my thighs, trying to give into my needs and wishes, and before I knew it, I was gripping the pillow underneath me, and my head was thrashing back and forth in expectancy of the orgasm I knew he could deliver.
Nicholas must have known I was on the edge because he increased his attentions to my clit and finally stuffed two of his fingers inside my dripping wet channel. I cried out at the uneasiness of the invasion, but I bucked my hips into his face as encouragement for him to continue.
I had to give him credit. He’d been paying attention this entire time because, instead of stopping at my obvious discomfort, he got more aggressive as he pumped his fingers in and out of me. “Don’t worry, Imp. I’ve already told you that I’m not going to stop.” He took my clit into his teeth and nibbled. “I’m not stopping tonight. I’m not stopping tomorrow. I’m not going to stop fucking you and this red-hot pussy of yours ever.”
I came at his words.
Fiery heat consumed my entire body, making me wrench my hands from underneath the pillow and drive them into his chocolate waves, holding on for dear life. “Nicholas…”
As I rode out my orgasm, he climbed back up my body like a man possessed, then kissed me, so that I could taste myself on his lips. I’ve never had a man do that before, but the fact that he wasn’t asking permission for whatever he wanted to do had me on the verge of another orgasm. This is what I wanted, lust with no sense of rationale. “Watching you cum, hearing you cum, experiencing you cum is the only thing I want to do for the rest of my life, Imp.”
I kissed him to shut him up. It was hard to remember he was only playing a part when he said shit like that. It sounded so good to my ears that I knew I needed to get him back to the basics. “Fuck me, Nicholas.”
He stretched out over me, so that he could reach the nightstand to retrieve another condom. However, this time, he handed it to me. “Put it on me, Imp.”
Heat spread throughout my entire body. I was so turned on with the fact that Nicholas trusted me enough to slide the condom on because so many things could go wrong if I did it incorrectly. “Are you sure?”
He elevated himself over me enough, so that my hands would fit between our bodies. “Yeah, Imp, I’m sure. Just hurry and do it before I lose my fucking mind.”
I took his length in both my hands (because this was a two-handed job), then rolled the condom on until I was certain it was secured. When I moved my eyes to look back up at him, I was surprised to find that, instead of him looking down at our bodies to see if I was putting it on properly, Nicholas had kept his focus on my face. His role playing was so good that I almost believed everything he was making me feel.
Almost.
“Open your legs wider, baby.” I dropped my knees back as far as I could and laid myself open to him, and this time, his beautiful face was devoid of all reluctance and doubts.
He slammed into me like a man who had signed written permission to abuse my body and I relished in the pain, pleasure, and thrill of his ownership over my body. “Harder, Nicholas. I want it hard.” I leaned up to bite his right earlobe and whispered, “Make it hurt.”
He let out a low, rumbled snarl, then holding himself up on his forearms, started crashing into me, deliciously stretching me to accommodate his length and width.
I have never felt anything so satisfactory in all my twenty-seven years on this earth.
I wrapped my arms around him and dug my fingers into his muscled back. I wanted to leave my fingernail marks down his back, but just because physical reminders were a part of my fantasy that didn’t mean it was something he would appreciate, so I settled for just holding onto him.
I threw my head back farther into the pillow and brought my knees up some more, so that he could slam into me harder. “Yeah, that’s it, baby. Let me into that tight fucking pussy of yours.”
Using his words as encouragement, I started thrusting my hips back towards him, making our impact that much for forceful, and I didn’t care what anyone said; lust was a drug. It has to be because I wanted Nicholas to keep ramming his cock inside my pussy with a need so vicious that I felt like I would sell my soul if that’s what it took.
Just call me Alice because I was heading down a rabbit hole that could only lead to heartbreak.
Nicholas kept pistoning into me, and by the time I was beginning to feel that starting sensation of another orgasm, I was sweating and out of breath. “Nicholas, don’t stop. Make me cum. Oh, God…please make me cum,” I demanded.
Sweat was gathering around his hairline and his face looked ferocious. He was wound as tightly as I was. “No need to beg, baby. I want you cumming all over my fucking cock.” He slid his right arm underneath my neck and brought me closer to him. I was looking into his face, and he appeared so serious. It was as if he was putting his every thought and emotion into bringing me to climax. “Avery…”
Shit, he called me Avery.
“Avery, baby, it’s not enough.”
What? What’s not enough? What is he talking about? What?
“I want you cumming on my bare cock, Avery. I want to feel your tight, slick pussy clenching around my cock unsheathed.” He started pumping into me faster.
“Nicholas…oh, God…Nicholas…” He was bringing me to the brink with the just the thought of him inside of me without a condom.
“I want my cum leaking out of both your pussy and your ass. I want it sliding down your throat.” He brought me in for a brutal kiss, slamming so hard into me that the bed had to be leaving dents in the wall. “I want you covered in my cum, Avery. And then I want to rub it in your skin, so you smell like me for days after you’ve shower.”
My pussy grabbed a hold of his cock in an orgasm so hard that I didn’t think he’d ever be able to slide back out.
Five seconds later, Nicholas was tensing over me as he exploded into the resented condom.
Just call me Alice.

*****

Nicholas~
It took everything I had to roll myself off Avery’s body, but I didn’t want to suffocate her, and I had another goddamn condom to throw in the trash. I had meant what I said. She’s the first woman I’ve ever wanted to cum inside.
She was lying next to me, quiet as can be, except for her heavy breathing. I didn’t take offense because I was pretty speechless myself. I had just had the best orgasm of my life and I prayed to God that she had, too.
I finally forced myself to leave the bed when I felt my dick starting to soften and the condom loosening. I took care of business in my bathroom and got back to her as fast as I could. It was scary how perfect she looked lying in my bed. I threw myself across the bed, resting my head on her stomach. She had the sheet pulled up over her and I wanted to say something about it, but I thought it’d be best to keep my caveman psychotic tendencies to myself for right now. “What are you thinking, Imp?”
Yes, I actually wanted to know what a woman was thinking after sex. Well…this woman.
Avery sunk her fingers into my hair and started gently scratching my scalp. “I’m thinking I need a shower,” she chuckled.
“No way.” I closed my eyes enjoying her little fingers of magic. “You smell like me. That’s the way you should always smell.”
She shoved at my head. One minute she was all tenderness and affection, and then the next, she was all violent. I couldn’t keep up with this girl. “I smell like all the alcohol I sweated out,” she retorted.
I could tell she was trying to hide her embarrassment. “Ok, Imp. Let’s go take a shower.” I pulled the sheet away from her, and because her tits were placed perfectly in front of my face, I leaned my head towards her, took one of those gorgeous orbs in my mouth, then started sucking at the hardened pebble. My mind went back to imagining being inside her without a condom.
I was so, so fucked.
Avery started to moan and dug her fingers back in my hair. “Nicholas, I would really, really like a shower.” Her legs began to scissor. “Please.” I chuckled as I stopped teasing her.
I didn’t know how to tell her that she didn’t need a shower. I wanted her to look and smell like this all weekend. Her raven hair was a complete mess. She had worn it down tonight, so between the wall and the bed, it was a ratted mess. She didn’t wear much makeup, but the makeup she did have on had been washed away while she had sweated under me. Her eyes were lidded, her lips were swollen, and her face was flushed. She smelled like hints of lavender, sweat, sex, and my cologne. She was the epitome of a woman who has just been thoroughly fucked.
I’d never seen anything so mesmerizing in all my life.
My dick was two seconds away from standing at attention again, so I jumped off the bed to grant Avery her wish of a shower. I was so high off her that I feared that, in this moment, if she had asked me for the keys to the penthouse and told me to get the fuck out, I’d walk out without protest. I stood over the bed and helped her up. I saw her wince and I felt conflicted. I didn’t like the idea that she was hurting, but on the other hand, I felt a strong sense of male satisfaction that she was wincing because of me. It was fucked-up. I was fucked-up.
Instead of letting her walk to the bathroom, I swung her up in my arms and carried her bride style. If I was going to inflict the pain, I was sure as shit going to follow it up with whatever care she needed afterwards.
I set her down once we got inside the door. She let out a gasp and surveyed the entire room as if she just discovered a hidden paradise. “Who the hell has this kind of bathroom?”
“Uh-”
“Is that a bathtub with jet streams?” she asked as she took notice of the tub. Then she walked over to the shower. “How many shower heads are in this thing?”
She looked back at me, all wide-eyed that you would have thought she was in a palace bathroom. “It has about twenty, Imp.”
“Why would you ever want to leave this room?” She went over to pet the bathtub. “I mean, look at this sexy piece of aquatic heaven.” Aquatic heaven?
Then she did something that made me want to check her purse for prescribed medications. “Nope. No. No. No. I will not be drawn in by you. I have my own loyal, loving, soothing piece of aquatic heaven at home. I am not a cheater.” She harrumphed, then turned her gorgeous, naked back to the offending tub. “We’ll shower. No baths,” she declared.
I walked over to her and wrapped my arms around her sexy, irrational-self, trying to figure out how I was going to let her walk out of here on Sunday. “Anything you say, baby.”
She smiled like she was just so proud of herself for deciding to shower instead of bathe. “Uhm…”
“What is it, Imp?”
Avery looked down. “Can you give me a moment, please?”
So polite.
“For what?” I had an idea, but I wanted her to confirm it.
She pushed herself away from me and tried to cover up her embarrassment by rolling her eyes. “I need to pee if you must know.”
I shrugged my right shoulder. “So, then, pee.” She looked like a fish fresh out of water. Her eyes were bugged out and her mouth kept puckering open and closed.
She finally managed to gather some composure. “Are you insane? I can’t just pee in front of you. Peeing and stuff like that is private.”
I threw my head back as I laughed at her outrage. “Seriously, Imp?”
I knew things were going to get heavy when she glared at me. “Yes. Seriously. Nicholas, you only do stuff like that after you’ve been married fifty years, not during a one-night stand.”
I caught the gist of what she was saying, but my attention snagged on the three little words at the end of her tirade.
One-night stand.
I pulled back, so I could stare her down. “I’m sorry, come again?”
The tone in my voice must have given her pause because she toned it down notch. “All I’m saying is that there’s a certain level of comfort that has to be met between two people before-if at all-you start doing things like that in front of one another,” she said primly.
I decided to let her off the hook about the one-night stand comment, but I still needed to clear a few things up. “A certain level of comfort?”
She was bobbing her head up and down so fast that I was afraid she was going to hurt her neck. I took her chin in between my fingers, so she’d have to look at me as I spoke to her. “I’ve had my face in your pussy twice today. I’ve stuffed your cunt with as many of my fingers as I could fit in there. My mouth has sampled your tits. My tongue has tangled with yours. I’ve buried my cock inside you as you came all over it. And I’ve bitten you so hard that I’ve actually tasted your blood.” Avery started breathing heavily. My recap of events was turning her on. “I am comfortable enough with you that, by the time this weekend is over, I will have eaten your pussy, sucked on your tits, battered your body, licked your tight puckered ass, slammed my cock in all three of your fuckholes, cum down your throat, and tasted your blood, sweat, and tears.” I gave her five seconds to let all that sink in. “But you’re embarrassed to pee in front of me?” I shook my head and left her shocked-self standing in the middle of my bathroom, giving her the privacy she had originally requested.
As soon as I heard the toilet flush, I opened the door. Avery was already at the shower turning it on. She looked back over at me when she heard me enter. “How do you like the temperature?”
“Make it whatever temperature is comfortable for you, Imp.” She rolled her eyes at me, but not before I noticed a faint blush creep up her neck. She shifted her eyes to the dual sink counter. “You wouldn’t happen to have an extra toothbrush I could use, do you?”
I stopped in midstride towards the shower, then walked back to the vanity counter. I pulled out the drawer where I kept all my extra toiletries and took out the purple toothbrush from my three-pack purchase. She smiled when she saw me drop it into the toothbrush holder next to mine. “Do you need anything else, baby?”
“I don’t have any deodorant, but if you have some baby pow-”
I held my hand up to stop her as I walked over to her. “You can wear some of mind, and before you mention it, you can wear my clothes as well since your pants are worthless now.”
She walked into the shower and immediately stood under the main overhead sprayer. “Hmmm, whose fault is that?”
I stood next to her under the water. “I didn’t hear you complaining.”
She sent me a sexy smirk and started soaping up the blue loofa I had hanging on the water knobs. She cleansed my body as I took my shampoo and washed her hair. I covered her hair in conditioner next, then I let it sit as I took the loofa and used it to start washing her body.
As I went over her sexy figure, I noticed a lot of the bruises from my man handling earlier today were starting to form on her delicate body and I my dick started to jump. The sight of them on her tantalizing frame had me ravenous as fuck.
I knew Avery was gorgeous, but when I was finally able to get a look at her completely naked, I knew I was done for. There was nothing fake about her body. She had a woman’s body, all soft, curvy, and feminine.
She tilted her had back under the spray to rinse out the conditioner in her hair and I used this distraction to drop to my knees. I had just washed her pussy all squeaky-clean and that just wouldn’t do. I wanted her always wet with either her cum or mine. I didn’t give a shit whose.
As soon as my tongue snaked out and made contact with her tender, swollen pussy lips, Avery gasped, “Nicholas, what are you doing?”
I leaned back, so I could look up at her, then answered, “Imp, if you don’t know by now what I’m doing, then I must be doing this shit wrong.” I went back to licking her perfect slit.
I felt her tapping on my head. “Nicholas?”
I stopped what I was doing and let out a heavy sigh. “What, Avery?”
She looked uncomfortable at me calling her Avery, as she should. It meant I was serious. “Let me, Nicholas.”
I stood up and eyed her suspiciously. “Let you, what?”
She stretched herself up along my body and wrapped her arms around my neck. I crouched down a little to meet her halfway. “Let me taste you, Nicholas.”
My entire body froze at her words. The image of Avery on her knees with my dick in her mouth exploded inside my head in Techni-fucking-color. I wish I could say it crossed my mind to tell her she didn’t have to, but it didn’t. I wanted her sucking me dry so badly that I would have promised her anything.
So, I didn’t say anything when I let her push me back against the glass panel and she slowly lowered herself in front of me. I was so turned on with anticipation that my cock was already forged in steel by the time her knees hit the shower tile.
Avery didn’t waste any time, either. She took my cock in her hand and I was in her hot, wet mouth within seconds. I dropped my head back, closed my eyes, and enjoyed the ride. She sucked at the head and worked her way as far down as she could go. My cock was a little over eight inches, so I knew it’d be a challenge for her to take all of me, but she was trying.
And I loved her for it.
She held onto the base and moved her hand up and down to help compensate for what she couldn’t swallow, and the dual sensations were bringing me close. I opened my eyes and looked down to watch her suck my dick. She wasn’t looking up at me, trying to give me those stupid porn star eyes. She was putting everything she had into forcing a climax out of me.
Watching her suck, nibble, tease, and slobber all over my stiff shaft was working me up into a frenzy, and as much as I wanted to blow my stacks down her throat, I wanted to see it all over her body more.
“Avery, baby…” I grabbed her by her hair, yanked her head back with enough force to dislodge her from my cock, and after the first splash landed on her cheek, I aimed my cock to finish cumming on her lips, neck, and tits. I rubbed it in her skin before rinsing her off and carrying her to my bed.
Soaking wet and all.
Chapter 14
Greed: Because I can’t stop thinking about him and wanting more
...much, much more.

Avery~
I heard a faint ringing/buzzing in my ear and wondered who would dare interrupt my slumber at all hours of the morning on a Saturday. I opened my eyes-well, eye-and looked around for the offending noise and possibly a clock. I saw the clock on the nightstand and the bastard was trying to convince me that it was already ten am.
What bullshit.
The malicious ringing/buzzing that was coming from my purse blessedly stopped. However, it didn’t matter because I was already awake enough to have to get up and pee.
I crept out of bed in all my naked glory as slowly as I could, and it wasn’t to be considerate of Nicholas. It was because my entire body hurt, and I couldn’t move any faster than a crippled turtle. I made my way to the bathroom door and looked back to see if Nicholas was still sleeping. Satisfied that I hadn’t woken him up, I went in to do my business.
“Motherfucker!”
I heard a faint ‘Avery’ coming from the other side of the door, but all I could focus on were the fires of hell currently singeing my lady bits. Nicholas must have torn me sometime last night. After I had given him head in the shower, he had taken me back to his bed where he had preceded with rounds three and four. It had been past three in the morning when I had finally slid off his body and had passed out.
I cringed when I heard pounding on the door. “Avery!”
“I’m fine, Nicholas. Just...just give me a minute, please.” I knew he was stubborn, but I prayed just this one time he would cut me some slack.
“Are you sure?” I could hear him clearing his throat. “I can help with whatever you need, Imp.”
I was going to end up falling in love with this lunatic. “I’m fine, really. Just…I’ll be out in a sec.”
I waited to hear if he’d say anything more, but when I was satisfied that he went back to bed, I very, very tenderly wiped myself clean, then hobbled my way to the sink to wash my hands and face.
Staring at my face in the mirror, I looked like a train wreck. Nicholas had gone and gotten my purse out of the foray after round three, so I could grab the scrunchie I always kept in there. He must have attempted to tame my hair after I had passed out on him because I didn’t remember putting my hair up, but there it was….up.
As I quickly washed my face and brushed my teeth, I noticed random bruises and bite marks all over my body, and I instantly felt my nether regions clench in satisfaction. Nicholas had made last night everything I had wanted it to be. I’d never been so sexually sated in all my life. I supposed I should hobble myself out of this bathroom and at least thank the man.
I opened the door and ran smack dab into a wall of muscle.
A wall of yummy, scrumptious, washboard-hard, muscled sexiness.
He never went back to bed. He’d been standing outside the door the entire time. I managed to tear my eyes away from his body and peeked up at him. “Hey.”
He tilted his head to the side and all playfulness was gone from his expression. “Why were you screaming profanities first thing in the morning-ish, Avery?”
I let out a deep sigh. I didn’t want to tell him the truth, and the truth was more selfish than the need to shelter him from knowing he might have actually harmed me. If my Venus fly trap was indeed torn, there was no way we could keep on with our weekend sex-fest and I wasn’t ready to leave just yet. “First of all, it was one profanity. Singular.” I chewed on my lower lip like that action alone would heal me and make all this awkwardness go away. “Second, I think I may have ripped a little or something because I thought I was going to catch on fire when I went pee just now.”
He didn’t say anything, and I couldn’t read the look on his face. If he didn’t say something soon, it was very possible I was going to burst into tears. He suddenly lifted me into his arms, carried me over to the bed, much like he had last night, then gently laid me down on the bed. “I’ll be right back, Imp.”
I did my best to relax, but shit was just super unpleasant downstairs. I heard water running and thought how unfair life was. After last night, I could barely move but he was walking around here with a perfectly abled body.
The jackhole.
I think I must have fallen back asleep because the next thing I knew, Nicholas was lifting me up in his arms again and carrying me back into the bathroom. It was when he set me down that I noticed his magnificent piece of aquatic heaven was filled with water and a massive layer of bubbles.
My knees almost fell out from under me.
“I know you have an undiagnosed phobia about using my tub, Imp, but this isn’t up for discussion. You get in peacefully or I tie you up and drop you in. Either method works for me.”
I turned around to face him and I knew he was serious. I nodded my head in agreement because my body hurt too much to argue. Plus, I didn’t want the first time he tied me up to be because he was forcing a bath on me.
I could taste the mint on his breath when he leaned down to kiss me. I knew he was silently thanking me for not being difficult.
I did my best to get into the tub without busting my ass, and thankfully, while not graceful, I managed to make it in. Nicholas got in behind me and his added size brought the water level to my neck.
It felt wonderful.
He had the jets on low, so it felt more like a soft massage than a deep tissue torturing. “Thank you, Nicholas.”
I felt his chest move when he huffed behind me. “Not sure how thankful you’ll be feeling when I trample all over your comfort level and spread you wide on the bed, so I can get a look at the damage.”
I inwardly cringed. I knew it seemed ridiculous when you considered he’s already had his face all up close and personal with my vagina, but that kind of attention when it wasn’t sexual was different. It was up there with peeing in front of each other. “That’s not-”
“Not asking you, Imp.” He began to massage the back of my neck and the tops of my shoulders.
I decided not to argue. I wasn’t a complete fool, and I knew my body needed to make the most of this amazing bath. I rested the back of my head against his chest and just enjoyed the sensations of the jets and his hands. A few quiet seconds later, a thought occurred to me. “Why do you have bubble bath?”
He sniffed. “I always have…uh, female pampering stuff here in case my mom ever stops by.” I was silently shocked when he got a little more personal. “Well, technically, she’s Chase’s mom, but she’s my mother for all intents and purposes.” I didn’t know how to reply to that, or even if I should, so I just kept quiet.
Twenty minutes later, when the water started to cool, Nicholas got out and brought me his robe and tied it around me once he got me out of the tub. “Go lay down while I clean up in here.”
I did as I was told, knowing it wasn’t worth the struggle. Plus, he was just trying to take care of me. I’d be an idiot not to let him.
The bed was a tangle mess of sheets, so I tossed them towards the foot of the bed, then threw myself down across the middle.
Nicholas returned from the bathroom and didn’t say a word as he separated the tails of my robe. He took hold of both my ankles and pushed them upwards. Once my knees were up, he spread them apart, and even though I knew he was doing this for medicinal purposes, I could feel myself getting wet.
How mortifying.
He propped himself between my legs as if he were getting ready to make all my dreams come true. Unfortunately for me, he actually went to separating my folds and inspecting me. He let out a dream-crushing hiss. “Avery, baby, it doesn’t look good.”
I squeezed my eyes shut at my embarrassment. “So, what’s the verdict, doc?” I joked, trying to hide my humiliation.
I could feel him probing around down there. “I don’t see that anything is actually ripped, but you’re red and very swollen, baby.”
“That sucks.”
“Does this hurt?”
And to my utter surprise and sexual delight, Nicholas swept his tongue from my ass to my clit. I couldn’t believe how delicious it felt. I wasn’t sure what magic his tongue was made of, but it soothed the pain. Too bad it created another ache. “No,” I breathed out. “It feels wonderful.”
“Good.” And then he went back to licking my beaten pussy. I could tell he was trying his best to keep his ministrations tender, but he was losing the battle.
I dug my hands in his hair and brought my knees up higher. “Nicholas, don’t stop…”
“Not a chance in hell, Imp,” he rasped out while he paid special attention to the opening of my pussy since that was what was mostly bruised up. However, he still circled and nibbled my clit enough to bring on an impending orgasm. I was so tender that it didn’t take long at all for the tremors to start.
“I’m cumming. Oh, God, I’m cumming…” I pulled on his beautiful, thick, brown hair and ground my pussy into his face as wave after blissful wave consumed my body.
By the time I came down off those waves, Nicholas was already kissing his way back up my body. “You know what this means, right?”
“My turn to reciprocate,” I asked.
“Uh, no, and you better not ever suck my dick out of misplaced obligation.” He actually sounded offended. “Whenever my dick is in your mouth, it better be because you want it there.”
I blew out a sputtered breath. “Yeah, okay. Then I’m guessing this means no more sexy time.” The bastard laughed. “Fine, but just give me a few minutes to say goodbye to your bed, tub, and shower, and then I’ll call a cab or Uber or whatever.
He instantly sat up. “What the fuck are you talking about?”
I propped myself up on my elbows and wondered how he could be so gorgeous and so wealthy, but so slow in the head. “So, we’re still going to be able to have sex?”
He drew down his eyebrows in genuine confusion. “Of course, not. You’re so inflamed, there’s no way I’d be able to fit my pinky in there, must less my fucking dick.”
I sat up all the way. “Exactly my point, Nicholas. If we can’t continue down the river of lust on the fornication gondola, why wouldn’t you want me gone?
“River of lust? Fornication gondola?” He ran his hands down his face. “Are you on medication? Did you forget to take a pill or something?”
I pointed my finger in his face. “You’re an asshole.” As soon as I heard him laughing, I stood up to find some clothes and get the hell out of here.
He wrapped his arms around my waist and locked me back down on his lap before I could take one step. “You’re not leaving, Imp,” he managed to say in between chuckles.
I started to protest. “But-”
“Avery, if you don’t heal, then we’ll just suck and lick each other the rest of the weekend.”
“But-”
“Baby, I will live with my face in your pussy till my jaw locks up,” he insisted.
I sank into his embrace and mumbled a very compliant, “Okay.”
I was so weak.

*****

Nicholas~
While I wanted to stay in bed with this woman, it was almost noon already, and we needed to eat. “Hungry, Imp?”
She wiggled her ass and snuggled herself closer to me. “Starving,” she whispered.
“Alright. Let’s go into the kitchen, so I can feed you, baby.” She stood up and as she stepped back to give me room to stand, I playfully slapped her ass.
She had a fine ass.
“Going to stick with the robe, or do you want a t-shirt?”
“T-shirt, please.”
As I was walking over to my closet, I heard her phone ringing inside her purse. I had retrieved it for her last night and had dumped it on one of the corner chairs in my room. Apparently, Isabella or Quinn didn’t take my threat last night seriously. I was betting it was Quinn. Isabella was probably still underneath Julian.
I started digging into her purse, unconcerned about going through her things. “Let Quinn know you’re safe and sound, and to quit bothering us.”
She let out a soft laugh. “How do you know it’s not Izzy?”
I looked back at her with a c’mon look as I fished out her phone. It was only when I glanced down at the phone that I saw the Caller ID wasn’t identifying the caller as Quinn, Q, Isabella, Izzy, or Iz.
It read ‘Michael’ across the screen.
And because I’ve already proven that I had no sense when it came to this girl, I committed the ultimate sin that was invasion of privacy. I answered the phone of a woman who wasn’t my wife.
I heard her justified gasp of outrage as she witnessed me swiping at the screen. “Hello.”
“Uhm…” There was a small pause, no doubt Michael was looking at his phone to make sure he had dialed the correct contact. “I’m looking for Avery Ellis.”
“Who may I ask is calling?” I needed to apologize to Chase for his jealousy last night at karaoke.
For someone who was in some serious physical discomfort, Avery jumped off the bed and ran towards me like a competing track star when she realized it wasn’t Quinn or Isabella calling her. “Oh, my God!” she shrieked. “Give me my phone!”
“Is that Avery I hear?” Douchebag asked.
Because Avery was blessedly so much shorter than I was, she didn’t stand a chance against me. You know that classic scene where the big brother has the little sister’s diary and he’s holding it up over his head, so she can’t reach it? That was us right now, except her phone was at my ear and I had my other hand planted on her furrowed little forehead. “Since you didn’t hear me the first time, I’ll ask again. Who’s calling?”
And then he said something that colored my vision red. “None of your goddamn business. Now, put Avery on the phone. You know, the phone that’s hers.”
I didn’t realize the level of arrogance I had surpassed until it dawned on me that I never thought about Avery’s life beyond work, Quinn, and Isabella. It never occurred to me that she had other friends or family. I knew about that tool, Eric, but that was because I just happened to bump into them in the SMA lobby that day. Knowing all that, though, it still didn’t stop the next words that came out of my mouth. “See, that’s where you’re wrong, asshole. Seeing as how, at this moment, Avery is standing in front of me wearing nothing but my robe, I’d say any man calling her is my fucking business.” I was staking my claim and I didn’t care what Avery thought about it.
My statement was met with utter silence.
I heard the fuck clear his throat at the same time Avery started calling me everything but a pedophile. “Be that as it may, unless she’s walking around in your robe and wearing your ring on her finger, you will still always come second to me, you sonofabitch. Now, if you’re done pissing all over my sister, can you put her on the fucking phone?”
His sister?
Fuck. My. Life.
Paralyzed by my shock, Avery was able to wrestle her phone away from my hand. I stood there staring at her as she tried to smooth things over with her brother. “I’m so sorry about that, Michael.” I could hear some muffled yelling through her phone, but I couldn’t make out what he was saying to her. However, if the daggers she was shooting at me were any indication, it wasn’t good.
She told him to hold on, and with controlled anger, she finally spoke to me. “Would you mind giving me some privacy, so that I can explain to my brother how sometimes the mixture of your anti-depressants and anti-psychotic medications result in stupidity?”
I wanted to stay, but if I wanted to keep this woman with me for the rest of the weekend without resorting to committing unlawful imprisonment, I figured I’d better go start on breakfast/lunch. “Sure. Uh, just pick out whichever shirt you want to wear from my closet.” I left the room, hoping like hell she would meet me in the kitchen after her conversation and not try to sneak out the front door.
About ten minutes later, I was starting on the eggs when she finally joined me. I looked back at her over my shoulder as she made her way to the breakfast bar, and I almost choked on my own tongue.
She looked so hot in my shirt.
“How do you like your eggs?” I finally managed to ask.
I almost shouted for joy when she answered me civilly. “Over medium,” she said as she sat at the breakfast bar.
I looked away from her and back down to the skillet, hoping she didn’t see the huge sigh of relieve my body let out. “I wasn’t sure what you liked, so I just made some bacon and toast with some eggs.” I shrugged my shoulder. “Plus, Julian’s the cook. I can’t do much in here.”
“That’s fine,” I heard from behind me. “You can’t go wrong with eggs, bacon, and toast.”
I just nodded, waiting for the….
“What the fuck, Nicholas?”
Ahh, there it was. “Look-”
“Oh, no. Don’t you ‘look’ me. What on earth possessed you to think it was appropriate for you to answer my phone? That level of invasion of privacy is monumental. How would you like it if I just started answering your phone or going through your messages?”
I scooped the eggs up and placed two on a plate for her and two on a plate for myself. After adding the bacon and toast, I placed the plates on the bar. As I was walking to the refrigerator, I answered, “My phone is at the end of the breakfast bar. The code is 05094. Knock yourself out.”
I could feel her rage all the way to the refrigerator. “You’re a dick. That is not the point, and you know it.”
I grabbed two bottles of orange juice before going to sit next to her. She snatched the bottle out of my hand like she was going to beat me with it. “Okay, okay,” I conceded. “I may have overstepped a bit-”
“Overstepped a bit? Not only did you call my brother an asshole, but you also essentially announced that you spent all night fucking his little sister,” she practically shrieked.
I winced. When she put it like that, it did seem bad. “I’ll apologize. I’ll-”
She put her hand up in my face to stop me. “No, you will not.” She started breaking her bacon into smaller pieces as she put me in my place. “I have no plans to allow you any further contact with my brother, so just live with it.” She stuck a fork-full of eggs into her mouth. I wanted to argue, but I dug into my breakfast instead. After all, I was in the wrong on this one.
We ate in silence, and it was killing me. “Avery-”
She wiped her mouth with her napkin. “Do you want to know the real reason I’m so mad at you?”
I pushed my almost empty place away from me and gave her my full attention. After all, she did deserve it. “I’m pissed because, thanks to you, I now have to attend my parent’s thirtieth wedding anniversary next weekend.”
I could admit, I didn’t see that one coming. “Uh, you don’t get along with your parents?”
“It’s not that.” She let out a deep sigh and turned in her seat to explain. “When I was fourteen, my father cheated on my mother. Or more like we found out my father was cheating on my mother. He had been seeing this woman he met during an insurance convention for months.”
Damn. “Apparently, they worked things out to be celebrating thirty years, though, right?”
Avery took another deep breath, and I could tell this wasn’t easy for her. “I’m not exactly sure. See, when they got back together, I thought it was because my father had finally seen the error of his ways and he realized how much he loved my mother and couldn’t break up our family.”
My heart broke for her. “But it wasn’t?”
She let out a huff. “No. One stupid teenage night, I was sneaking back in from a party when I heard his voice in the kitchen. He had been so engrossed in his conversation that he hadn’t even heard me come into the house.” Avery took a drink of her juice before continuing. “I heard him tell his mistress that it wasn’t his fault she had decided to go back to her husband and things hadn’t work out for them.”
Holy shit. I pictured a devastated fourteen-year-old Avery, and it made my heart skip.
“He told her that he wasn’t going to leave his family again when he couldn’t trust her not to go back to her husband again.” Avery paused to roll her head around her neck as if trying to relieve tension. “He didn’t come back home because he realized how much he loved my mother. He came back because his girlfriend had gone back to her husband.”
“Did he ever find out that you overheard him?” I couldn’t imagine what knowing something like that had done to her. But then I couldn’t ever imagine making someone your wife, and then stepping out on her.
“Yep. That night. He’d been pacing, so during one of his turnabouts, he noticed me standing in the living room and he knew I had heard everything.”
“What happened when he saw you?” I felt a strange sense of uneasiness towards this man that I had never met. He hurt Avery, and rational or not, that didn’t sit well with me.
“Nothing. I went to my bedroom, and the next morning, our uncomfortable father/daughter relationship began. I never told my mother or my brother.” She lifted her shoulder in a dainty shrug. “I don’t know if he ever told her, but I never asked.”
“So, the idea of celebrating an occasion you think is based on fallacies isn’t looking too appealing surrounded by friends and family?”
“I don’t think I can sit through a toast about his perfect wife and their perfect marriage without turning the entire thing into a Jerry Springer episode.” Her eyes were so full of honesty when she made that statement. Avery didn’t hide and a person would always know where they stood with her.
“The worst part was watching my mom in the months after his affair came out.” She shook her head at the distaste of the memories. “She spent all her free time making herself worthy. She exercised like a maniac and lost thirty pounds in two months. She started taking cooking classes. She even took classes on how to do her makeup.” Avery shuttered with her next words. “When I asked her why she was doing all that crazy stuff, she said, and I quote, ‘I shouldn’t have let myself go’.”
“Tell me she isn’t one of those women who believes a man cheating is the wife’s fault.”
She gave me a sad smirked. “Thirteen years later, my mother still never has one hair out of place.” She hopped off the barstool as she started cleaning up our breakfast plates. “And thanks to you, in order to placate my brother over your instability, I agreed to go and put on a happy face.”
“Fuck that, Avery.” I followed her to the sink and wrapped my arms around her from behind as she scraped the plates clean. “What does your brother do for a living?”
“He’s a middle school teacher and football coach.”
“Tell him I’ll donate a million dollars to his athletic department as an appropriate apolog-”
She laughed and turned around in my arms. “Nicholas, flowers, football tickets…those are appropriate apology gestures, not a million dollars.”
I leaned in to kiss her because thirty minutes without touching this woman was apparently thirty minutes too long. She kissed me back and when we broke apart, I clarified, “The million dollars isn’t to satisfy his feelings. The million dollars would be to spare your feelings, Imp.”
Avery stretched out on her tip toes and wrapped her arms around my neck. “How about you keep your million dollars and spend the rest of the day making it up to me in other ways.”
I groaned. She was killing me. “Anything you want, Imp,” I acquiesced as I scooped her up in my arms to take her back to the bedroom.
We spent the rest of the day exploring each other, and I was finally able to get back inside her on Sunday. I would have sent her off to work on Monday morning bowlegged, but she had snuck out on me Sunday night after I had fallen asleep.
Good thing I knew where to find her.
Chapter 15
Greed: Because if it I can’t have her again, my inner psycho is going
to burn this city to the fucking ground.

Nicholas~
I wish I could say I walked into work Monday morning being the strong, confident alpha male that I was, but I didn’t. I felt like I was crawling out of my skin, knowing she was somewhere in the building, but I couldn’t get to her.
I lasted about two hours into my day before I called Chase. “Talk to me.”
“Shouldn’t that be, ‘Chase Alexander speaking’?” I corrected.
“Nah, knew it was you, dickface, what with technology and Caller ID, you know.”
I chose to ignore him. “I think we should have a party.”
“I’m down.”
I could always count on Chase. “Don’t you even want to know what kind or why?”
“Dude, a party is a party is a party,” he reasoned.
“I was thinking a company party to help make up for dropping the ball on Spillner.”
I could hear Chase’s chair squeak in the background. Knowing Chase, he was sitting up straight, ready to get serious now. “I’m all for it, Nick,” he agreed in his boss voice. “Do you want me to get a hold of HR and-”
I was already shaking my head. “Nah, they’re too busy covering Cynthia’s vacancy. I don’t want to throw anything extra at them.”
“Okay, so you want to hire an event planner?” Chase suggested next.
“That can work.” I knew he was going to see right through me with this next part, though. “Or we can ask for volunteers from the finance department to help put it on since this is mainly for them.”
It took exactly one minute and fourteen seconds for Chase to stop laughing. “Jesus, Sav. You’re the goddamn boss. Just call A up to your office if you want to see her that badly. We don’t need to spend thousands of dollars on a party to give you an excuse to talk to her.”
“Eat a dick, Chase.” I hated that he was right. “Eat. A. Dick.”
“Okay, okay, okay. Even though I know you’re only doing this as an excuse to get A naked in your office, I actually think that’s a great idea. The party and getting A naked in your office just in case you were confused.”
I wasn’t. I’ve known Chase too long to be confused by him. “I’m going to call Julez while you go find a dick to choke on.”
I hung up on Chase and called Julian to pitch him the idea. It only took him forty seconds to stop laughing at me, but he easily came onboard with the plan. He thought it was a great way to boost morale. He said he would announce it to his division and get back to me.
The asshole.
Somehow, I made it through to the four o’clock hour without imposing on the finance department. I still wasn’t sure what I wanted from Avery, but I did know that two days with her was nowhere near enough. Even with everything she made me feel and the possessiveness I felt towards her, there was still no reason this thing couldn’t develop slowly.
Casual dating.
Grown up people did it all the time, right?
I had just finished resigning myself to taking things slow with Avery when the phone on my desk buzzed. I hit the intercom button. “Yes, Mrs. Williams?”
Ever the professional, she said, “Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Savage, but I have Ms. Avery Ellis wishing to speak with you. While your calendar is clear for the rest of the afternoon, she doesn’t have an appointment.”
I didn’t know if Avery and Quinn had received any backlash from our intrusion on Friday night, but even as Avery was trying to keep us a secret and maintain some professionalism here at work, my next words were sure to undo most of that. “That’s quite alright, Mrs. Williams. Send her in. Also, she doesn’t need an appointment. So, moving forward, please send her in whenever she needs to speak with me.”
Dianna Williams has been my assistant for over seven years, and this was a first. I was met with momentary silence before she managed to stumble out of her shock. “Y...y...yes, sir. Of course, sir. I’ll send her right in.”
I almost ran-I know, I was such a sad sack-to the door to greet her. I threw Mrs. Williams into further confusion when she opened the door to my office and almost knocked me stupid with the door. She startled back a bit. “Oh! Excuse me, sir.”
I waved away her concern as I reached for Avery-yes, I reached out and grabbed her elbow in front of my assistant-and pulled her into my office. “Thank you, Mrs. Williams. That will be all for now.”
I probably owed her a bouquet of flowers, realizing I almost smacked her face with the door as I slammed it shut.
Avery was turning me into a fucking lunatic.
Before she could get a word out, I took her face in my hands and smashed my lips to hers like a man possessed. The second she brought her arms up to fasten them around my neck, I hoisted her up and wrapped her legs around my waist. I didn’t know why she came to see me, and I didn’t fucking care.
She was here and she was wearing a skirt.
That’s all that mattered.
I carried her over to my desk and laid her out on top of it. I didn’t care about the investment profit margins report I had been going over before Mrs. Williams buzzed me. I didn’t care about the Jupiter computer system sitting on my desk. As far as I was concerned, the only thing on my desk and in my office worth a fuck was Avery.
I finally tore my mouth from hers and wasted no time lifting her skirt up and yanking down her pink lace panties. I could barely hear her moaning through the blood roaring in my brain. I jerked her hips towards the edge of the desk, then grabbed each of her ankles and pushed them upwards, opening her up to me.
It hadn’t even been twenty-four hours and yet it felt like it’s been forever since I last tasted her deliciously hot cunt. I sat down in my chair, got comfortable, then went to town. I circled that little bundle of nerves until she was mewling and knocking shit off my desk. I placed her heeled feet on my shoulders and joined my hands with my tongue.
I used the fingers on one hand to spread her pussy lips farther apart, giving me better access to her swollen clit, then I took three fingers from my other hand to spear her hot cunt. She let out a scream, and even though I knew she was still slightly sore, that didn’t stop me from ramming all three digits inside her. It should also concern me that Mrs. Williams might be able to hear her screams, but I. Just. Didn’t. Care.
“Nicholas…Nicholas…” She started thrashing about harder.
I felt Avery start to clench around my fingers, so I doubled up on my efforts. I’d never get tired of this. It was official. I was addicted to eating her pussy. Avery grabbed handfuls of my hair and rode my face through her first orgasm. As she trembled all around me, I lowered my face to catch her sweet syrup with my tongue. It wasn’t enough to taste her. I wanted to drink from her.
I gave her five seconds to come down from her high, and then I went back to work on her clit. I needed at least two orgasms from her to make her wet enough for what I was about to do next.
One thing I learned about Avery this weekend was that once I coaxed that first orgasm out of her, she exploded more easily after that. So, it wasn’t even minutes later that she was cumming around my fingers and on my face again.
The moment Avery released her hold on my hair, I stood up, and grabbing her hips with enough force to leave my handprints cemented on her forever, I flipped her over, so that she was mercifully bent over my desk.
As I imagined a thousand times today.
I wish I could say I paid attention to her comfort, but she could have been being stapled to death or swallowing paperclips for all I was aware. I pushed her skirt up until all that I could see was her heart-shaped ass. And then I undid my belt and pants in record time.
I placed both my hands on either of her ass cheeks and spread her wide. My cock was so painfully hard that I was able to ram it inside her without removing my hands from her ass. This gave me the perfect view of my cock splitting her pussy open over, and over again.
Her entire center was shiny with her wetness, and I did the one thing I had been holding back all weekend. For all the things I promised to do to her this weekend, we had been limited due to her soreness, but that ended now.
Spreading her ass as far apart as I could, I stared down at her hot forbidden puckered hole and released a bead of spit onto her body. As it trickled down to settle in her opening, I ignored her gasp as I started rubbing my finger over its tightness.
Even as consumed as I was in taking over her body, I still noticed her tense up when I started playing with her ass. “Relax, Imp. I’m going to make this-you feel so good,” I promised.
She let out a deep moan. “Nicholas, I haven’t…I’ve never…”
Fuck. This woman had a way of making me feel like I was conquering mountains and discovering new lands at every turn. “Shh, just relax.”
Slowly, I worked my middle finger into her tight resistance as I started pumping my dick in and out of her pussy. After a few minor invasions, I finally slid my finger in as far as I could force it. Using every ounce of control I possessed, I managed to focus enough to establish a rhythm where my cock and finger alternated in my double penetration of her honeyed secrets.
She felt better than anything I had ever come across in my entire life.
“Oh, God…Nicholas. Oh, Christ…”
It took everything I had-and didn’t have-to keep myself from pulling out of her soaked cunt and invading her ass with my cock. But after hearing her stammer about not having engaged in this sort of thing before, I knew there was no way she was ready for anything more than my finger this time.
But as sure as I knew my name, I was going to get her ready eventually.
Avery’s body started clasping around both my appendages and I knew she was about to cum all over me for the third time.
I had her countless times this weekend, and yet, this time felt better than the entire weekend combined. I was so devoured in pleasure that I was afraid I was going to black out from the sensations. “Avery, cum with me, baby.” I started slamming into her hard enough to scoot my oak desk forward inch by inch with each thrust. “Come on, baby, give it to me.”
She let out a bellow loud enough to bring Mrs. Williams running if the woman was still at her desk. “Yes! Yes, Nicholas!”
I came almost instantly, pumping Avery full of my cum as her pussy was strangling my cock in scattered pulses and her ass tightened around my trapped finger. I collapsed on her back as my climax seemed to go on forever.
After a few minutes of satisfied silence, I finally lifted my body and began to pull my finger free. But it wasn’t until I pulled my dick out of her spent hole that the all-consuming pleasure my body had been experiencing made sense.
I hadn’t used a condom.

*****

Avery~
Nicholas had rendered me useless.
My body was finished.
Just finished.
I thought I’d had the best sex of my life this weekend, but clearly, I was mistaken.
“Uh, Avery?” Uh oh, he was calling me Avery again. I was learning that the only time he called me Avery was when he was being serious about something.
“Hmm?” was all I was able to manage as I was still sprawled out over his desk.
I could hear him clearing his throat behind me. “Avery, I...uh…I forgot the condom.”
Now believe me when I tell you that nothing brings you out of a sexual haze faster than the phrases ‘the condom broke’ or ‘I forgot the condom’. I was scattering objects of what little bit was left on his desk when I pushed myself up and jumped to my feet as if someone had poked me with a fire poker, my skirt falling back into place. I could feel Nicholas dripping down my thighs, verifying his statement.
I looked down as he was tucking himself back into his pants, and sure enough, no condom, because, you know, his dripping semen wasn’t enough to confirm his statement. I look back up at him. “Okay.” I took a deep breath. “Okay.” I started to panic slightly, so I began pacing across his office floor, stepping over all the items that had been knocked off his desk. “Okay. Well, uhm…okay…” Another deep breath. “I…uh, I caught Eric cheating on me over five months ago and I immediately went in for a full checkup. Everything came back healthy and normal. Also, you’re the first man I’ve been with since the break-up, and the only man I’ve ever…I’ve always used condoms, so no possibility of STDs on my end.” I stopped pacing, looked over at him hopefully, then prayed to every God of every religion that he was going to tell me the same thing. Well, not about Eric cheating on him, but about being STD-free.
He averted his eyes and my legs almost failed me. “Nicholas?”
He let out a deep breath and sat on the edge of his desk, not looking at me. “I participate in our company’s health and wellness program and get a regular check up every six months, but…”
My vision started to cloud over at that one little word.
But.
Before I could hit the floor, Nicholas was there, scooping me up, then carrying me to the couch. He sat me down next to him and took my face into his hands, so I would be forced to look at him. “Avery, just listen, please.” I nodded for him to continue. “I wish I could say it’s been a few months, but it’s only really been a few weeks for me, and my physical isn’t due for another couple of months. But, Avery, I swear on my life, I swear on everything I am and own that I have never had sex without a condom before. Never.”
I just stared at him. I heard what he was saying, but it was just garbled noise in the background. This was my fault. I was the one who chose to sleep with someone I barely knew. I was the one who didn’t mention a condom the second he slammed the door in his assistant’s face. And no matter how much society dictates that he should take ownership of this also, I was the one who was ultimately responsible for my body. Not a man who’s made no commitment to me. “Nicho-”
He shook my head to try to clear my panic. “Avery, I will get a checkup first thing in the morning to prove to you that I am clear of any STDs, but, baby, believe me when I say I am healthy.”
I could hear him pleading with me to believe him, but this was some scary shit. “Okay. I’d appreciate that.” I tried to joke and lighten the mood. “I might not get any sleep, but I’m sure I’ll be excused tomorrow if I call in sick.”
Nicholas sighed. “Imp…”
I shook my head out of his hands. “It’s okay, Nicholas. I’m not blaming you or anything. This is just a little sobering, that’s all.”
He ran his hands through his hair, and I noticed him pulling on the strands a little. “Avery?”
“Yeah?” I was still kind of lost in my own thoughts.
“What about pregnancy? Is there a chance you could become pregnant because of this?” His face gave away nothing.
I shook my head. “No. I’ve been on the shot for seven years. I’m protected.”
He didn’t jump up and go open up a bottle of champagne like I thought he would. He just nodded and pulled me into his lap, then circled me in his arms. “I’m sorry, Imp. I promise to make this all go away first thing tomorrow.”
I sank deeper into his embrace, letting him comfort me. “I actually came to tell you that Julian made an announcement today about a company party. He was looking for volunteers to help plan it. After he made the announcement, he took Q and me aside and told us that it was actually your idea. I just wanted to say thank you. After this last year with Mr. Spillner acting like a creep, our department could use a party.”
I heard him chuckle. “Did you and Quinn volunteer to help?”
“Yeah. I was ordered to convince you to let us bring in a DJ/karaoke master.” Quinn’s exact words had been ‘I don’t care if you have to spend all week on your knees, get him to agree’.
This time, he actually laughed. “Of course.” Nicholas rested his chin on top of my head. “Anything you want, Imp.”
I didn’t want to have this conversation, but in light of the ‘no condom’ thing, I felt it needed to be had. I just didn’t want to be that girl.
I hadn’t taken anything he said to me this weekend seriously. I had been very clear about what all my fantasy entailed, and he had played it well. Even that fiasco with my brother had been alpha male all the way. “Nicholas, I feel like I should address something, but I don’t want to make this situation any more awkward than it already has been.”
“Should I pour us a couple of drinks for this?”
“That wouldn’t be a bad idea.” He let go of me and walked over to the standing bar, washed his hands, then poured us those drinks. Watching him over there brought back memories of the last time I was in this office.
I couldn’t help but observe him. He truly was beautiful. All those magazine covers didn’t do him justice. To describe him as tall with brown hair and brown eyes was incorrect. He was magnificent. Like walking, talking magic.
And he fucked like a stallion.
He handed me a glass as he sat down beside me again. I didn’t even ask what it was because I was going to drink it either way. “I’m all ears.”
This was so embarrassing.
I looked down at the glass in my hand and fidgeted with the rim. “I think in light of our little mishap, we should probably-” I cleared my throat a bit. “-clear some things up, don’t you think?”
When I looked up at him, the smirk he had on his face-the one that I had wanted to smack off when I first met him at Xavier’s-was back and I still wanted to smack it off. “What things, Imp?”
God, I wanted to punch him in his eye. “I understand that this is…uh, this thing is casual.” He lifted a perfect brow at that but let me continue. “But I think that out of respect for one another, it needs to be imperative that we exercise safety with whatever partners we choose to engage with when it’s not each other.” I noticed the clenching in his jaw, but other than that, Nicholas expressed no real outward emotion. “It’s the responsible thing to do, right?”
He finished his drink in one swallow and went to pour himself another. He didn’t speak until after he had already tossed down his second round. “So, let me see if I’m understanding you clearly or not. You’re saying that we are free to fuck other people, but out of responsible respect for each other, we need to make sure we’re using protection with these other people…that we’re free to fuck. That we’re free to fuck while we are fucking each other.” He poured himself another drink. “Is that right?”
I finally took a drink of what turned out to be brandy. “Yes, that’s right. It’s the resp-”
“Yeah, yeah…the responsible thing,” he cut me off. He finished his third glass of brandy, then made his way back to the couch.
I could admit that I felt a little uneasy not knowing what he was thinking, especially when he plucked the glass out of my hand and set it on the decorative table at the end of the couch. “I need to ask you a couple of questions before I agree to this...uh, arrangement.”
I was so happy that he was willing to talk about this, I stammered out, “Of course.”
“I know you said you haven’t slept with anyone since that mistake you were dating, but is there someone else you see casually that could eventually lead to sex?”
I tried not to feel offended, but Nicholas didn’t know me any better than I knew him, so it was a fair question. “No. And just so we’re clear, I’m not my father. If I had already been dating someone else, casually, or not, I would never have let you drag me up to the VIP section at Xavier’s.” He nodded, but I wasn’t finished. “And if I meet someone while these hookups are still going on, I’d end things with you first before me and the new guy even had our first date.”
“So then why are we having this using-protection-while-we-fuck-other-people conversation?” he asked, his voice smooth and controlled.
I spent all this time searching for my words to make this conversation sound like it was being held by two adults, but he was going to make me say it outright after all. I gritted my teeth. “I’m just simply asking you to wrap it up when you’re with your supermodels. Once this thing runs its course, it’ll no longer be my concern.”
“My supermodels,” was his only response.
I stood up frustrated at his pretend obtuseness. I pointed a finger in his face. “You’re a jerk.”
I turned around with every intention of storming off all Housewives-of-Atlanta-like, but before I got two steps in, Nicholas was grabbing me by my arm and yanking me back around to face him. “I’m a jerk?”
“Yes,” I replied. “I’m trying to have a mature conversation with you, and you’re act-”
It wasn’t until he really got in my face that I could see he was pissed. “You’re not trying to have a mature conversation with me, Avery. You’re essentially telling me that it’s okay for me to fuck other women as long as my dick is covered.”
“Nicho-”
“Don’t ‘Nicholas’ me,” he mimicked snidely. “Please tell me what I have done or said since the night I first met you to give you the impression that I want to or am going to fuck other women?” he practically roared.
He hadn’t said or done anything to give off that impression, quite the opposite in fact. I dropped my chin to my neck because I couldn’t look at him when I answered with the truth. “Nothing. You’ve done nothing. I just know that this thing between us isn’t serious, so I was just trying to be open-minded, but respectful and responsible.”
He didn’t reply right away. But when he finally did, I couldn’t help the butterflies that took up residence in my tummy. “Serious or not, there will be no one else for either of us, Avery.”
I finally looked up at him. “No one else?”
He leaned down and kissed me until I was reminded that he had ripped my panties off earlier. “No one else, Imp. Over my dead body, will another man touch you while you’re with me.”
He kissed me again as he led us back to the couch. Nicholas brought me down to straddle him as he started raining kisses down my neck. “No one else works,” I whispered breathlessly.
“I’m not giving you a choice, Imp.”
Then we proceeded to show each other why no one else was needed.
With a condom this time.
Chapter 16
Wrath: Because what was I thinking?

Avery~
By Thursday, I had learned something new about myself and it was throwing me into a panic.
Nicholas had been true to his word and had showed me his clean bill of health Tuesday afternoon, and he must have paid a fortune for immediate results because almost all his tests had been processed and back. But after that, real life had intruded on us, and other than a few text messages here and there, I hadn’t seen him. And that was what had me back to the reason for my panicking. It was only Thursday, but it felt like I hadn’t seen him in months. I was falling hard for Nicholas if I haven’t already fallen.
So, when I had run into Julian in the elevator and he asked me to run some reports to Nicholas, I had been beyond happy to do it. He told me that Nicholas had needed them an hour ago, but he was already ten minutes late to some meeting or other, so he had asked if I’d deliver them as a favor. If I had any doubt that I’ve fallen for Nicholas, it had been quickly squelched when I found myself practically running to his office, reports in hand.
When I got to top floor, it seemed as if Lesa had been given the same direction as Mrs. Williams because she just smiled at me as she waved me on by. When I reached Nicholas’ office, I saw that Mrs. Williams wasn’t at her desk and I wasn’t quite sure what I should do. Julian said Nicholas needed these documents at least an hour ago and seeing as how Nicholas had given my new friend, Dee, instructions that I didn’t need an appointment to see him, I made an executive decision, and decided to go ahead and barge in and explain how Julian said it was important.
However, when I opened the door to Nicholas’ office and my entire world came to a complete halt.
I was brought up short by the tall, built, gorgeous blonde standing in the middle of his office.
Now, normally, this wouldn’t bother me. I mean, the man was one of the three CEOs of SMA Global, Inc. Of course, he has meetings and rubbed elbows with The Beautiful People.
No.
What brought me up short was that Nicholas was standing next to her with his hands tangled in her blouse. And if the bare display of her impressive rack was any indication, I just walked in on Nicholas ripping her blouse open.
And ripping my heart to pieces.
“I’m…I…I’m so sor…so sorry,” I stammered. “Mrs. Williams wasn’t at her desk and Mr. Moretti said you needed these documents an hour ago.”
Nicholas let go of the woman’s blouse and immediately took a step away from her. I tried to avoid looking at the perfect creation standing next to him, but she drew my attention when she turned and spoke to me. “Ah, and how is the magnificent Julian these days?” she asked, making no effort to cover herself.
God, even her voice matched all the sexy that she was.
And she knew Julian.
I didn’t know how to answer her or even if I should. “I…uh…”
Before I could make an even bigger fool of myself, Nicholas walked over to me and took the papers out of my hand. And just like the lowly financial accounting assistant that I was, he sent me on my way. “Thank you, Ms. Ellis. If that is all for now, I’m in the middle of something.”
I stared into a face that was devoid of all emotion. Two days ago, he had insisted that we’d be exclusive while we were seeing each other, and now he’s kicking me out of his office while he finished whatever he was in the middle of with a half-naked goddess. What the hell?
I just nodded and turned around to leave. I gave one final look over my shoulder and locked eyes with Nicholas, but when he made no move to stop me or explain to me what was going on, I made sure to turn the lock on the door before I shut it.
Walking out of his office in a daze, Mrs. Williams was surprised to see. “Ms. Ellis-”
It took everything I had to keep it together. “Uh, I’m sorry, Mrs. Williams. Mr. Moretti had some important documents he needed delivered to Ni-Mr. Savage. You weren’t here, so I just ran in really quick to give them to him.”
“Yes, of course.”
I opened the door that led to the reception area when I looked back at Mrs. Williams and added, “Mr. Savage is tied up in something rather important right now. I think it’d be best not to interrupt his…uh, meeting.”
She gave me a small smile and the look on her face almost brought me to my knees. “I understand, Mrs. Ellis.”
I did my best not to run down the hall to the elevator that would take me back downstairs with my fellow commoners. Once I made it inside, the irony wasn’t lost on me that, not ten minutes ago, I was doing my best not to run towards Nicholas’ office, and now I was trying not to run away from it.
I couldn’t believe it.
It didn’t make any sense. None of it made any sense. Why would he say he wanted only me if he didn’t? It wasn’t like I had forced him into some kind of quasi-commitment.
I made it to my floor, and like any self-respecting woman, I ran to the women’s restroom for some privacy to collect myself. Luckily, no one was in there as I tried to pull myself together. I turned on the cold water, then splashed my face. After grabbing some paper towels and patting myself dry, I took a deep breath and realized I couldn’t do this alone.
I needed Quinn and Isabella.
I reached my desk, yanked open my desk drawer, then pulled out my phone to shoot Iz a text.

Me: S.O. Motherfucking S. If u can’t meet us @ Delbert’s n 10, I’ll need u @ my place 2day, 4 sharp!

I rushed over to Quinn’s cubicle, and thanking Our Lord and Savior; Jesus Christ, found her at her desk. “Get up. We’re going to lunch. Now.”
“What the fu-” She cut herself off when she glanced up at me and got a good look at my face. “Avery?”
“I already texted Iz, and if she can’t meet us at Dilbert’s, she’ll stop by my place later.” It took everything in me not to start crying. “I need to go now, Q.”
She must have sensed that my desperation was real because she hurriedly grabbed her purse and followed me towards the elevators. It was close enough to our regular lunchtime that no one would think it weird that we just left. I just didn’t think thirty minutes was going to be long enough for this magnitude of a breakdown.
“Avery, you’re scaring me. What’s going on?” Q finally asked.
I pulled out my phone to see if Izzy had responded, and like the miracle that she was, she had.

Izzy: If I run a couple of red lights, I can b there n 5.

I smiled. How could I not? “Izzy’s meeting us at Dilbert’s. I don’t have the strength to go over this twice, Q. I promise all will be revealed at Dilbert’s.” She gave me a queer look but didn’t push.
We made it to Dilbert’s in record time. We found an empty table and ordered three sandwiches to go. I may be keeping my friends from enjoying their lunch, but I wasn’t going to let them starve.
Izzy came out of nowhere like the tornado of womanhood that she was. She plopped down and didn’t waste any time on pleasantries. “What’s up, Ace?”
“We ordered you a sandwich to take wi-”
She shook her head at me to shush me. “You text me SOS and you think I give a shit what kind of sandwich you ordered me?” She leaned in across the table. “Spill.”
I took a deep breath and hoped I could get through this without losing my shit completely. “Julian asked me to take Nicholas some important documents that should have been delivered to Nicholas over an hour ago.” They were staring at me like I was about to divulge the whereabouts of Jimmy Hoffa. “His assistant wasn’t at her desk, and…well, Julian said they were important, and Nicholas had told his assistant I didn’t need an appointment to see him, so…” I pulled a napkin out of the dispenser on the table, and looking down at it, I started tearing it to pieces. “So, I decided to enter his office unexpectedly, and….”
Q and Iz leaned in towards me together. “And what?” they asked in unison.
I looked up at them and I couldn’t stop the waterworks blurring my vision. “He was in there with a half-naked woman.”
If my heart weren’t breaking, I’d have totally taken my phone out and snapped a picture of my two best friends. Their expressions were borderline cartoon comical.
“That motherfuckingcocksuckingsonofabitch,” Quinn hissed, transforming from bug-eyed to murderous.
“What the hell?” Isabella went from slack jawed to confused.
The waitress chose that moment to return with our sandwiches. “Will that be all, ladies?”
Isabella was the quickest of us to respond. “Yes, thank you.”
“So, is he unconscious? Bleeding on his office floor? What?” Quinn pointed her finger at me. “Because if he’s not, he’s going to be.”
“What happened, Ace?” Isabella was reacting with a little bit more reason and a lot less violence.
I quickly recapped what happened. Our thirty minutes was almost up, and while Q and I could power-walk back to SMA, Izzy needed a cab to get back to work.
“He just dismissed you? He didn’t even try to lie, or explain, or anything?” Quinn asked.
“Nope.”
“And you’ve never seen this woman? You don’t know who she is?”
I didn’t want to share this part of the story, but Iz needed to know. “I don’t know who she is. But she knows who they are.”
Quinn speared me with a look. “What do you mean by they?”
I looked at Iz. “When I explained that I was sent by Mr. Moretti…uh, she looked at me and asked ‘Ah, and how is the magnificent Julian these days?’.”
I saw Isabella’s entire body tense immediately. “She knew Julian by name?”
I nodded. “I imagine she probably knows all three of them if she’s calling Julian by his first name.” I let that sink in because, for all of her protests, I knew something was going on between Quinn and Chase, not just Iz and Julian. I just wasn’t sure what.
Iz looked down at her watch as Quinn remained silently steaming. “Shit. I have to get going.” Isabella grabbed her sandwich and she stood up to leave. “We’re still meeting at your place after work, right?”
“Yes. That is a definite yes.” Quinn and I stood up to leave as well.
Iz gave me a quick hug. “I’ll bring the tequila.”
“That’s all we need,” Quinn assured her.
We parted ways with Izzy at the door, then Q and I hightailed it back to SMA. “Are you sure you want to go back to work, Ace?”
“I have to, Q. At the end of it all, this is my job. I’m not going to throw away three years, great pay, and awesome benefits because I was stupid enough to fuck the boss.” Quinn just put her head down and nodded as she power-walked beside me.
“This doesn’t make any sense, Ace. Just two days ago, you just told Iz and me that Nicholas wanted exclusivity,” she remarked just as we reached the SMA lobby.
“I know. I guess she changed his mind, Quinn.”
We rode the elevator back to our floor in silence since it contained other occupants, but as soon as we reached our floor, Quinn was pulling me aside. Next thing I knew, I was in the supply closet.
“Okay, we only have four hours to get through. If you start to feel yourself crumbling, you come get me, immediately, understood?”
I nodded in agreement. “Q?”
She sounded so heartbroken when she replied, “Yeah, Ace?”
“Since Izzy’s bringing the tequila, can you bring the Taylor Swift playlist?”

*****

Nicholas~
Letting Avery walk out of my office while Katrina stood there with her tits bared for the whole world to see was the hardest thing I had ever had to do in my life. I had never known willpower like I had in that moment.
There was no way I was going to let my past and my present collide, but I couldn’t explain who Katrina was without explaining everything to Avery. And even if I was ready to do that-which I wasn’t-I wasn’t going to do it with Katrina standing halfway naked in my office.
I took my cellphone out of my pocket and dialed Julian. “How may I help you in between back-to-back meetings and an overdue deadline, Nick?”
“Can you grab Chase and meet me in my office, Julez?”
He must have picked up on the seriousness of my tone because he said, “We’ll be there in five.”
Those five minutes turned out to be eight, but they had felt like years. It was only noon, and I was already halfway to being drunk. I was on my sixth glass of scotch when Julian and Chase rushed through my office door. “What’s going on, Sav?” Always to the point, that was Chase.
“Avery caught me in here earlier with a half-naked Katrina.”
Julian rubbed his hands over his face as if that act alone could make this all go away. Chase was the only one slightly confused about all this. “Katrina who?”
“Alonzo.”
Chase blanched. “What in the ever-lovin’ fuck, Nick? How the hell did Katrina Alonzo end up half-naked in your office?”
I pulled out two more glasses and poured them to the rim with scotch. We were all going to need drinks for this. Julian made his way over to me the second he saw me pulling out the glasses. Chase started pacing, completely ignoring the booze.
But to be fair, Julian was going to need the scotch more than Chase once I dropped the little bomb that Katrina had asked about him by name.
“I was going over the Falco account when I thought I heard some yelling. I walked out and saw Katrina arguing with Mrs. Williams-which reminds me, we need to find out how she made it past Lesa. Anyway, all I could think was that I needed to get Katrina away from Mrs. Williams. I didn’t want to risk Katrina saying anything that would…I don’t know, reveal anything, I guess.”
I took another drink of my scotch, and this time, Chase walked over to finally partake in his glass. “I ushered her into my office and asked her what the fuck. She said she came down here as a courtesy. Apparently, Donna is deep into Santiago and Katrina thought she should let me know in case I wanted to step in and save the day.”
“Fuck.” Julian finished off his drink and poured himself another.
“Okay,” Chase muttered, trying to understand it all. “So, you told her no-obviously. But how did she end up naked?”
I was starting to feel the effects of the scotch, but after seven glasses, it was to be expected. “When I told her that I couldn’t give two fucks about Donna’s debt, she suggested I could save my mom by other means of payment.”
“No fucking way. You have got to be kidding me?” Chase sounded as dumbfounded as I remember being when Katrina had suggested that ridiculous option.
“Wish I was, Chase. I really fucking wish I was. She said some stupid shit about wanting to see if Grownup Nick was as good as Teenage Nick.” I needed to seriously step away from the scotch.
“Jesus, Nick,” Julian finally chimed in. “Every boy in the neighborhood lost his virginity to that girl. It’s not like any of us had any history with her outside getting our dicks wet when it was our turn.”
“Well, that didn’t stop her from busting her shirt open and showing me a grownup set of her tits.” My skin crawled with the thought of having sex with her ever again. “I was so fucking pissed. I stepped up to her and grabbed the edges of her shirt to cover her back up, and that’s when Avery walked in.”
“Ah, fuck, Nick.”
“It gets worse, Julez.” I hated this whole situation. “When Avery explained that she was delivering some papers at your request…uh, Katrina asked her about you.”
Julian’s entire demeanor screamed violence. “I will kill that fucking slut if this shit touches Isabella, Nick.” I winced. Julian wasn’t one for empty threats.
“So, what the fuck did you do?” Chase was already on his third drink and his eyes were on fire.
“I took the papers from Avery, thanked her, and then told her to leave because I was in the middle of something.”
“You did what?”
“Are you out of your fucking mind?”
Since Julian went to pull his phone out-presumably to text Isabella-I ignored his question and answered Chase. “No, I’m not out of my mind. I needed to get her away from Katrina as soon as possible.”
Chase started pacing in front of my desk. “I don’t understand, Nick. Why? What does it matter if Avery knows who Katrina is? You should have kicked Katrina the fuck out of your office and let Avery see you kicking her the fuck out.”
I took a deep breath, willing Julian and Chase to understand. “I didn’t want Katrina leaving here knowing that Avery was someone important to me. Do you think that’s the kind of information I want getting back to Donna? To Santiago?” Now I was getting pissed all over again. “We crawled our way out of the disasters that were our childhoods. Still, it’s been over ten years, and I obviously still can’t escape it if that bitch showing up is any indication. Those motherfuckers will never know that Avery exist, and Avery will never know they exist.”
My outburst was met with complete silence.
“Fuuuuuuck.” The sound of shattering glass was all that could be heard when I threw my glass tumbler across the room to meet the wall in a hail of glass and amber liquid. I felt like I was seconds away from tearing my office apart. I felt like all my emotions were trying to claw their way out of my skin. I felt fucked.
Chase came to stand in front of me and grabbed me by my shoulders. “Sav, I get what you’re saying. I do, dude. But I don’t think you’re hearing me. You sent Avery away, letting her believe the worst. Right now, she is sitting at her desk thinking you spent your morning fucking some blonde bimbo.”
Dread began settling in the pit of my stomach at Chase’s words. It didn’t even occur to me that Avery would be thinking anything like that. I had made it clear to her on Monday that there’d be no one else. Sure, she was bound to be upset, but she’d wait for an explanation before jumping to conclusions of the worst kind, right?
“Motherfucking, fuck, fuck, fuck!”
That dread was branching out from my stomach and spreading to the rest of my body at Julian’s outburst. “What’s up, Julez?”
The look he gave me would have leveled a lesser man. “Apparently, Isabella and Quinn already know.”
“What? How do you know?” Chase asked, and there had to be more going on between Chase and Quinn than they were letting on because he sounded panicked.
“I sent Isabella a text that I needed to speak with her, then asked her if she would meet me tonight.” Julian held up his phone towards us, so that we could read her response.

Dove: Sorry. Can’t. Bzy. But I hear u 3 have big titted blondes on standby 2 fill the vacancies. After all, pussy’s pussy.

She finished off her text with a winking emoji.
While I was a mess, I wasn’t a violent mess, so Chase and I turned our focus to Julian. “I’ll fix it, Julez. I’ll explain everything to Avery, and she’ll talk to Isabella, and it’ll be fine.”
We were losing Julian to the madness that still took up residence in the black spots of his mind. He worked hard to overcome his demons, but every now and again, something menacing would take hold of him and it was the roll of the dice. “Julian?”
“Julian, what is it?” Chase started to sound worried.
And then Julian said something that had me wanting to drop to my knees in front of Isabella and promise her anything she wanted. “The demons are quiet when I’m with her.”
“Fuck this.” Chase looked over at me. “Me and Julian are going to go work this out in the basement. Call Felicia and Sylvia and tell them to reschedule whatever we have on the calendar for the rest of the day.”
I nodded as Julian followed Chase out of my office. Watching my two best friends leaving, I could only hope that Chase got Julian home before he lost his shit. I knew Julian was acting a little more intensely than usual when it came to Isabella, but to be honest, Julian’s mood swings could be trigger by anything, so I really hadn’t given it much consideration.
But to hear him say she brought him peace?
Yeah, I needed to make this right.
I made my way over to my desk and picked up the phone. “Mrs. Williams, call security and request the lobby and elevator footage from ten this morning and have them send me the feeds. Next, find out how the fuck Katrina Alonzo made it past goddamn reception!” I hung up before she could respond. I didn’t doubt she would rush to do my bidding. Especially, since that’s the first time I’ve ever cussed in front of her.
Next, I called Julian’s and Chase’s assistants like Chase had asked me to and canceled their afternoons. After that, I sent a text off to Chase to let him know everything was taken care of.
Businesswise, at least.
I didn’t have Isabella’s phone number and the only last name I had for her was Moretti from when she was fake married to Julian. Still, I knew she worked for Willshire Marketing. However, there could be a million Isabellas working there for all I knew.
I tried anyway.
“Good afternoon, Willshire Marketing. This is Stella speaking, how may I direct your call?”
“Hello, Stella. This is Nicholas Savage with SMA, Global.”
“Yes, Mr. Savage. Good afternoon, how may I help you?”
I could tell from the giddiness in her voice that she knew who I was or at least had heard of SMA. “Yes, Stella, thank you. I’m looking for Isabella, and I’m terribly sorry, but I don’t have her last name. I met her a couple of weeks ago, and I’ve seemed to have misplaced her card. I was-”
“Oh, you must be talking about Ms. DeLucci. She’s the only Isabella we have here.”
I wanted to shout for joy, but I managed to contain myself. “Yes. I believe she’s one of your top marketing analysts.”
“One of our top? Oh, no, no. She is the top. Isabella is a brilliant, brilliant asset to Willshire.”
“Well, would it be possible for me to leave a message, or could you-”
“No need, Mr. Savage. I’ll put you right through. Anything we can do to help SMA, Global.”
I wanted kiss this woman. “Thank you, Stella.”
Three rings later, a very confident, assertive female voice answered the phone. “Isabella DeLucci.”
“Don’t hang up.” God, please, don’t hang up.
“Nick?”
“Yes. Isab-”
You know why the silence of a telephone sounded so final when someone hung up on you?
Because it was.
Fuck.
Chapter 17
Wrath: Because you’re an asshole, that’s why.

Avery~
It was only six, but we were already down six shots and a twelve pack of beer. Tomorrow morning was going to suck, but tonight, I didn’t care as me and Q were lying on the floor.
“I still can’t believe he called you, Iz,” I muttered.
“I’m actually wondering if it has to do with you or Julian.” Isabella was sprawled out on my couch, one leg thrown over the back and the other one hanging off the cushions. Her arms were under her head, propping it up.
“What makes you wonder that?” Quinn was already on her next beer, claiming she was still so pissed that she couldn’t catch a buzz.
“Julian never responded to my text about calling that whore.” I could sense the uneasiness in her tone. All we had wanted to do was pick up some random dick to role play with. How in the hell did we find ourselves in this mess?
“Maybe he’s just trying to give you time to calm down.” I laughed as I though more on that. “Or give us time to calm down.”
“I’m never calming down,” Quinn declared. “As a matter of fact-” Quinn was interrupted by the doorbell. “Oh, hey…were you expecting any more visitors?”
I was already up off the floor, heading towards the door. “No. But I have been getting these random texts from Eric, lately. Ever since we had lunch, he’s been acting like weirdo friendly.”
Quinn snorted. “Acting? That man is weird, Ace.”
My laugh came to an immediate halt when I swung my front door open, and I saw Nicholas standing out in the hallway. He looked like he was ready to do battle. “Can I come in?”
Quinn had been lying on the floor next to me when the doorbell rang, but like the ninja she was, she was already at my back by the time Nicholas had finished uttering his request. “Fuck no, you can’t come in. Shouldn’t you be busy sharing your whore’s fuckholes with Julian and Chase?”
I looked back at Quinn.
Jesus.
Instead of answering her, Nicholas barge in past me and Quinn. “Hate to break up this little Julian, Chase, and Nicholas hate-fest, but I need to speak with Avery.”
Iz pulled herself up off the couch and grabbed her purse. “C’mon, Q. Ace doesn’t need our help to tell him to go eat a dick. Let’s go.”
Nicholas extended an arm to keep Izzy from getting past him. “Not so fast, Isabella.”
“Oh, hell no,” Q shrieked as she grabbed her things. “Who in the fuck do you think you are?”
I loved this girl.
Nicholas pointed a finger at her. “I’ll let Chase deal with you later.”
I thought Quinn was going have an aneurysm, she was sputtering so hard.
He gave Isabella his full attention. “Call Julian and call him the fuck now. He had nothing to do with what went down in my office today. I don’t know what is going on between you two, but he does not deserve your bullshit when he hasn’t done anything wrong.”
Iz put her hands on her hips. “Who is she, Nick? And how does she know Julian?”
“Ask Julian,” was all he said.
I could see Isabella struggling. “It’s okay, Iz. Nicholas is right. This is between him and me.” I gave her a hug and whispered in her ear, “Call Julian.” She hugged me back and gave me a grateful smile.
Isabella made her way out the door with a very pissed off Quinn trailing behind her. And because Quinn was Quinn, she didn’t leave without a memorable parting shot. “You should stick with Eric, Ace. Better the cheater you know than the cheater you don’t know.” She slammed the door before Nicholas could counter her insult.
At first, Nicholas didn’t say anything. He just took a curious scan of my apartment. The last time he’d been here, it had been to put me to bed after our disastrous night at Xavier’s. I wasn’t sure if he had made himself comfortable or not that night. My apartment consisted of two small bedrooms, one bathroom, a living space, and an open kitchen. It wasn’t decorated by an interior designer and it sure wasn’t a penthouse, but it was home. What the hell, we couldn’t all have investment sorcery skills.
I turned my back on Nicholas and started cleaning up the bottles and empty shot glasses. “What do you want, Nicholas?”
“Need some help?”
“Nope.” I didn’t look at him. I wasn’t going to play this game. He was the one who showed up on my doorstep, so he could be the one to kick this party off.
“I wanted to explain about this morning.”
He wanted to explain.
He didn’t want to apologize. He wanted to explain.
“So, explain.”
Nicholas grabbed my arm to stop me on my way to the kitchen to dump the bottles. “Avery, will you stop and listen to me, please?”
I set the empty bottles and glasses on my tiny side table and turned to face him. My stomach was so tied up in knots that I was surprised I wasn’t throwing up all over the place. “Fine.” I leaned against my kitchen counter, folded my arms over my chest, and gave him my undivided attention.
He looked like he was searching for his words, and I knew this wasn’t going to end well for me. “It wasn’t what-”
I barked out a laugh, interrupting him. I couldn’t help it. “It wasn’t what it looked like? Is that seriously what you’re going to lead off with?” I shook my head and went back to cleaning up. “Just leave, Nicholas. Seriously.”
He stood firm. “I’m not leaving until you hear me out, Imp.”
I couldn’t keep myself from physically reacting to him calling me Imp. It felt like tiny daggers all over my body. I finally got the bottles in the trash can and turned to face him again. I threw my arms out to my side. “Then explain, Nicholas. However, don’t insult me in the process.”
I could see the tightening in his jaw before he let out a breath. “I was actually closing up her blouse when you walked in.”
I could only lift my brow at his ridiculousness. “You were closing her blouse for her?”
“Why would I insist on this thing between us being exclusive if I thought it was possible that I’d want to fuck some other woman, two days later?”
“Good question, Nicholas. But how about we try something easier. How do you know her?” My question was met with deafening silence and that’s when I knew. There was more to him knowing her than he was letting on.
I could feel my blood start rushing through my body, heating it hot from the inside “It’s a simple question, Nick. How do you know her?”
“It doesn’t matter. She doesn’t matter. All that matters is that I was not fucking around with her. I haven’t been with anyone else since I first met you at Xavier’s. I haven’t wanted to be with anyone else since I first met you.” He stuck his hands in the pockets of his jeans as if I still couldn’t make out the clenching of his fists.
“So, tell me, how did this woman-who doesn’t matter-manage to get an audience with you?” I was met with silence again, but this time, it was accompanied with a stony expression. “I know she’s not just some random woman off the street, Nicholas. She felt comfortable enough with you to take her goddamn clothes off and she knew Julian by his first name.” I could feel my anxiety ratcheting up a notch every time he refused to answer. Who in the hell was this woman?
He finally broke his silence. “You need to trust me, Avery.”
I was starting to feel closed in, so I made my way back into the living room. “Trust you? How can I trust you when you won’t tell my anything?”
He remained in the kitchen area as he watched me pace my small living room. “Because I don’t need to lie about something like this,” he snapped. “I’m not going to ask you to sleep with only me, and then turn around and do the opposite. I’m not a hypocrite and I’m not a cheater. Avery, I’m not your father.”
I stopped dead in my tracks at his last declaration. How dare he throw that in my face.
I turned to face him. “And I’m not my mother, Nicholas. So, if you think I’m just going to walk in on you with a half-naked woman, then blindly believe you without any explanation as to how you know her, you are out of your fucking mind.”
I could see him slowly losing his grip on his composure. “Goddamn it, Avery! It doesn’t matter how I know her. Nothing happened and I took measures to make sure she never enters any SMA buildings ever again. There is only you!”
I didn’t want to ask.
I really didn’t want to ask. A small part of me was hoping she was just some gold-digging socialite who was just trying to get her claws in any of the three of them. But I knew, deep down in my soul, that was not what she was. “Okay, so you don’t want to tell me who she is or how she made her way into your office. How about you answer this instead, have you ever slept with her?”
When I saw him bring himself up to his full height, I knew he had. I didn’t know who this woman was or how she fit into his life, but there was no doubt that he’s slept her before. “It’s a yes or no, Nicholas. I’m sure you can manage that much, right?”
He was clenching his jaw so hard that his next stop was probably going to have to be the dentist. And then the thought that he was so mad that he was clenching his jaw upped my blood from a simmer to red hot boiling. “Answer the fucking question! Have you or have you not ever fucked that woman?!”
“Yes!” he bellowed, then his hands were out of his pockets, and he was storming towards me. He pulled up short as soon as he stood in front of me. He was staring down at me with so much anger that you would have thought it had been me who had been caught with someone else. “Is that what you wanted to fucking hear, Avery? Does knowing that piece of information help to improve this situation, somehow?”
If I hadn’t thrown away the empty beer bottles, I was pretty sure I would have cracked his skull open with one. “What would help this situation is if you’d tell me who in the hell she is to you, or am I just going to have to deal with random women throwing their naked selves at you?”
He took a step closer to me, but then it seemed as if he thought better of it because he stepped back again. And then in the iciest voice I have ever heard, he brought all my feelings crashing down around me. “One weekend and a couple of slam sessions in my office do not obligate me to tell you my entire life story, Avery. Either you believe me about what happened today, or you don’t.”
You know that feeling you got on the downslope of a rollercoaster? You know, where you felt the bottom of your stomach drop. That’s what I was feeling and not for the reasons you may think.
Nicholas was right.
While he may have insisted on keeping our relationship monogamous, that didn’t mean that this thing between was serious. He never said he wanted me to be his girlfriend. He never said he was hoping for a future with me. He never made any promises other than the one to be exclusive.
I let out a broken laugh because that’s how I felt-broken. Broken by a goddamn wrecking ball that I hadn’t seen coming. “You’re right.”
He stood still, searching my face, trying to spot my lies. “Av-”
I put my hand up to stop him. My entire body felt like it was being carved into pieces, but he was right. “No. It’s okay.” I drew myself up, drawing on every ounce of strength I had. “You’re absolutely right. Exclusivity does not equal commitment. Just because I felt comfortable telling you personal things about myself and my family, doesn’t mean you were obligated to do the same.” Even as I said the words, they didn’t stop the bleeding. I needed to regroup. “Uh, look. It’s getting late and I need to start on my water and aspirin regimen if I’m going to be worth a shit tomorrow at work.” I gave a depreciating laugh to try to evaporate the tension that still lingered in the room.
“I could stay an-”
I started shaking my head so hard that I was surprised I didn’t get dizzy. “No. There’s no need. I’m just going to finish cleaning up and watch some random movie while I guzzle my weight in water.” I forced a smile. I was two seconds from falling apart and I needed him gone to do it. “I’ll...uh, talk to you later.”
He stared at me pensively for a few seconds longer before he conceded. He headed towards the door, and I didn’t make any move to walk him out. I stayed planted right where I was. He opened the door to leave. “I’ll talk to you tomorrow, Imp.”
He left, then I collapsed in relief.

*****

Nicholas~
I felt like I was losing my mind.
Or growing a vagina.
Whichever it was, neither was positive.
I knew what she said, and I knew what she had agreed to last night, but I still hadn’t slept worth a fuck all night, and I had woken up this morning not good to anyone. I sat through three morning meetings, and I couldn’t tell you what any of them were about or what conclusions they came to. I had spent all night and morning obsessing over what Avery has said to me before I left her apartment last night.
‘Exclusivity does not equal commitment.’
That should have made me happy. Those words should have given me peace. They should have given me confidence that we’d get past this little hiccup.
However, hours later, I was feeling anything but confident or at peace.
And I couldn’t believe I categorized the things we’d done in this very office as slam sessions.
Avery was not my whore. She wasn’t my booty call. She wasn’t my office pussy. She was more. She’s been more since I lost my mind over her at Xavier’s.
The question was, how did I continue to date her without sharing anything about my past? She was a woman. Soon or later, she was going to want to talk about my family and my childhood, and that was just not something I was ready to share with anyone. Hell, Chase, Julian, and I rarely talk about it ourselves.
Besides, there was no way I could tell her about Katrina, Donna, my childhood, my life…all of it, without telling her some of Julian’s and Chase’s secrets, too. Our successes, our failures, and our miseries are all intertwined. No way was I going to break their confidences because Avery was demanding answers that didn’t matter to the relationship we had now.
I would never fuck around on a woman. Ever. Chase’s dad was example enough of how we’d never treat a woman. That should be enough dammit.
It was a little before two when Chase called me. “Hey, you busy?”
“Not at all. I just randomly select investment opportunities, sit back, then let you and Julian do all the real work.” The real truth was that I couldn’t tell him what all I was working on because my mind’s been on Avery all day.
“You’re a dick.” I could hear Chase laugh, though. “The party committee is getting together at two. This is their first meeting, and they wanted a couple of things okayed by us before they really started planning. Julian said he could handle it, but since it was your idea and it was all three of us that dropped the ball on Spillner, he thought we might want to show a united front of support on this.”
Fuck. The last thing I wanted to do was attend a meeting where Avery was going to be in attendance. Not with the awkwardness that still lingered between us. “Yeah, I can carve out a few minutes.” I could feel a headache coming on. “Julian would probably slit our throats anyway if we made him take this one alone. We really need to work on his aversion to people.”
“Yeah, I’ll get right on that. You know that no doctor in the world can fix that, Sav. Of course, unless Izzy holds a doctorate that we don’t know about.”
“Izzy?” Chase must have been getting cozy with the girls when I wasn’t paying attention.
“Isabella is too serious a name for her. Besides, you heard him yesterday, Nick. That girl is it for him. So, looks like we finally have a sister.”
I almost reminded him that-half or not-he already had a sister, but luckily my brain jumped in front of my mouth in time. Reminding Chase of his father’s treatment of his mother always ran Chase’s blood cold. “Fine,” I relented. “Do you know where they’re meeting?”
“Julez said they were going to meet in the floor room. I’ll meet you by the elevator.”
After letting Mrs. Williams know where I was going, I found Chase already waiting by the elevator. Lesa looked up as I came made my way into the reception area and quickly averted her eyes. I had found out that she had been in the restroom when Katrina had snuck through, and while that was a legitimate excuse to leave her desk, it hadn’t helped ease my frustrations.
I hopped in the elevator with Chase. “Did Julian say how long this was going to take?”
“Geez, Sav. We’re planning a morale-boosting party here. Can you a least pretend to be pleasant about this?”
He was right. It’s just this situation with Avery was really doing a number on me. “Yeah, yeah, yeah,” I groaned. “I’ll be sure to put on my happy face when we get to their meeting.” Little did I know, there was going to be nothing happy about this meeting.
We found Julian standing outside the door waiting on us. I should have known he wouldn’t have gone in there before us. Julian really needed to take a people-have-feelings workshop or something.
“Thanks, guys. This should only take a few minutes. They had a couple of questions they wanted to ask of us before they decided on the direction of the party.”
I clapped Julian on the shoulder. “No problem, Julez.”
When we walked in, the first and only thing I noticed was some jackass twirling Avery around like they were at a goddamn 50s bebop dance.
And I saw red.
Next thing I saw, was Julian standing in front of me, giving me a pointed look. I felt Chase nudge me forward while he stayed close.
I scanned the rest of the room, and the only people I recognized were Angela Jackson and the guy who had been sitting next to Quinn at The Shack last week.
“Oh, Mr. Moretti, Mr. Savage, and Mr. Alexander, thank you for carving time out of your day to meet with us.” Mrs. Jackson walked over as soon as she noticed us and shook our hands. When she finally took my hand, I tore my eyes away from Avery and her dance partner long enough to give Mrs. Jackson the attention she deserved as their new boss.
Chase immediately put his people skills to work. “No problem at all, Angela. We are happy you all felt comfortable enough to seek us out for our opinions.” Chase always called everyone by their first name. I chose to remain professional and use last names while Julian did his best to not address anyone at all.
There was a small table immediately to the right of the door when you walked in. Luckily, it sat ten, one person at each end and four on either side, as me, Chase, and Julian made up eight in the room.
Mrs. Jackson remained standing at the head of the table as the rest of us each took a seat. Julian and Chase flanked my sides on the right side of the table, and they probably arranged it that way in case all common sense fled, and I decided to beat the ever-lovin’ hell out of Avery’s dance partner after all. The team sat opposite us. “Let me begin by introducing our team.” She gestured to each employee as she announced them. “Quinn Erickson, Steve Meyers, Avery Ellis, and David Sterling.”
I was doing my best not to be irritated that the girls were sitting in between the men, and if Chase’s posture was any indication, so what he.
“So, we hear you have some questions for us?” Avery hadn’t looked at me once since I walked in, and I needed this meeting to be over with as soon as possible or everyone in this room was going to know our business.
Mrs. Jackson smiled excitedly. “Yes, yes. The first thing our team would like to know is if the party was going to be employees only or include a plus-one.”
Chase answered for us. “Well since this party is going to take place in the evening, I’m thinking it would be best if it was a plus-one event. A lot of employees may not want to attend if they cannot bring their spouses.”
Before Julian or I could agree, Steve laid his cards on the table. “Quinn can be my plus-one, then.” Then he nudged her with his elbow like they were the best of friends.
She snorted out a laugh. “Steve, your plus couldn’t handle my one.” Then she playfully elbowed him back.
I gave Chase a quick side-glance, and I had to hand it to him, his face betrayed nothing as everyone freely laughed at their joking. Well, everyone except me, Chase, and Julian.
And then shit really went south when David spoke up. “Well, then Avery can be my plus-one. It makes sense that the committee should attend together.”
Before anyone could respond-or I could jump across the table and rip his throat out with my bare hands-Julian chimed into the conversation. “What’s the second question? We’re…uh, little pressed for time.” He clearly understood things were not ideal for me and Chase.
“Oh, yes. Well, if we’re going with plus-ones, I don’t think this room alone will be enough to hold everyone. So, we wanted permission to use the conference rooms on the story below as well as this room.”
This time Steve-The-Asshole-okay, I didn’t know if he really was an asshole, but out of loyalty to Chase, he was-took over the pitch. “We were thinking we could break up the four conference room downstairs to appeal to everyone.”
“How so?” Julian was really stepping up to the plate for us by interacting with these people.
“Well, one room could house all the food. The second could be the bar. The third could serve as a sitting area for those who wanted to just chitchat and chill. And then the fourth could be overflow.” He rested back in his chair and actually draped his arm across the back of Quinn’s chair. “Of course, this floor would make up the entire DJ/dance area and-” He turned to give Quinn a small smile. “-the karaoke battles.”
I absolutely hated that this guy knew the girls liked to sing karaoke.
Sensing that we were at the end of our ropes, Julian stood up, clearly indicating that this meeting was over for us. “That sounds like a great idea. That, along with the plus-one, should ensure a great time for everyone. Also, thank you for volunteering your time to this event. It’s bound to be a success.”
Chase and I both looked up at Julian stunned. I was pretty sure this was the first time he’s strung together so many sentences to a group of people in ages.
Everyone stood up when Chase and I joined Julian, and it took everything I had to shake hands with everyone when I was feeling anything but cordial or professional.
“Great! Thank you, gentlemen, so much, for this opportunity. We still have some things to discuss, but-”
I stopped Mrs. Jackson from continuing and probably tanked Avery’s reputation in the process. “We understand that your team has a lot of planning to do, but I need to speak with Avery, Mrs. Jackson. That is, of course, if you can spare her for a few minutes.”
You could hear a pin drop in the room at my blatant unprofessionalism.
Avery finally graced me with her acknowledgment and her eyes were on fire. I had to give her and Quinn both credit because neither woman was calling me out on it.
Steve-The-Asshole was the first to come out of his stupor, but it was probably because he was at The Shack last week and had sensed something was up. “She’s all yours, Mr. Savage.” He turned towards the group. “Why don’t we check out the conference rooms downstairs to get a layout of how we should proceed.” He looked over at Avery. “Just meet us there when you’re…uh, you finish up here, Avery.”
In a muffled chorus of ‘sure’, ‘yeahs’ and ‘great idea’, everyone made their way out of the conference room. What surprised me the most was that Quinn had walked out with them. Granted, she was giving me the stink-eye as she walked out, but still. Only Chase and Julian had remained.
She second Avery heard the click of the door, she let loose on me. “Are you out of your fucking mind, Nicholas?!”
I was.
I really, really was.
Chapter 18
Wrath: Because you should follow the chain of command when
you’re fucking your way to success.

Nicholas~
I knew I should apologize to Chase and Julian for my behavior. No doubt they stayed behind to try to curb the gossip some. Avery could still spin this into a work issue if all three bosses had requested an audience with her. However, right now, their deserved apology took a back seat to my issues with Avery. “Care to explain what the fuck you were doing with that guy?”
And before anyone starts throwing stones, I was very aware of the definition of the word ‘hypocrite’, but right now, I didn’t give a fuck.
She didn’t answer. Instead, she pointed at Chase and Julian. “You guys better see to this. Your dear friend is in obvious need of some serious mental health.”
I had hit my max. Between Donna always haunting me, Katrina’s bullshit yesterday, fighting with Avery last night, causing issues between Julez and Isabella, and then walking in here to see some random guy have his hands on Avery….I. Was. Done. “I’m fucking serious, Avery!” I roared. I felt Julian and Chase tense behind me.
They knew me well.
Avery’s expression of utter shock was quickly replaced by anger. “You have a hell of a lot of nerve.” She stalked towards me until she stood right before me. “You just had your hands on some bitch’s tits yesterday and offered no explanation, but you’re going to question me about some dancing?”
I zeroed in on her. “We already went over that bullshit.” And then I cocked my head to the side when something occurred to me. “Oh, I see. Is this your idea of a little payback?”
Her spectacular silver eyes rounded. “Are you for real?”
“I didn’t hear you put a stop to his suggestion about you being his goddamn plus-one, Avery. What the fuck was that about?” I felt like my blood was trying to burst out of my body, it was boiling so badly.
She threw her hands up in the air in frustration. “He was making a suggestion, not asking me out on a date, for Pete’s sake!”
“Well, you could have told him your boyfriend might not like it.” And because I was so angry and needed more things to aim my fury at, I shouted, “Quinn, too! How is she going to let that tool put his arm around her while Chase is sitting right across from her?!”
“You are unfuckingbelievable! He had his arm around her chair, you psycho!” I was about to respond when she went in for the kill. “Besides, I don’t have a boyfriend!”
I felt my body coil up. My blood went from running boiling hot to cold as ice. “So, random guys are just free to dance with you and ask you out because of a nonexistent label?”
She laughed. I was seconds away from tearing this entire building apart with my bare hands and she was fucking laughing at me. “Awe, Nicholas…” Her voice took on a sickeningly sweet tilt. “It doesn’t matter. He doesn’t matter. All that matters is that I was not fucking around with him. I haven’t been with anyone else since I first met you at Xavier’s. I haven’t wanted to be with anyone else since I first met you.” She took a step back. “Either you believe me about what happened today, or you don’t.”
I’ll never be able to tell you what came over me when she threw my words back in my face, but Julian could see the madness as soon as it had descended because he tried to stop me. “Nick, man-”
“I will not stand by while you play with whatever man happens to be nearby.” I ignored her stunned silence. “So, do whatever the fuck you want. But a word of advice, Avery. Next time, you’re supposed to start at the bottom and then fuck your way to the top, not the other way around.”
“Dude. Nicholas, c’mon, man,” Chase rushed out, finally intervening.
However, it was too late. The connection to my face was so final that I was certain everyone in the building heard the slap.
I had to turn my head to look back down at her since the force of her hand had snapped my head sideways. The sight before me was the most hauntingly vision of perfection I have ever seen in all my life.
Avery’s beauty in her rage was unworldly.
I lost all touch with reality as I went at her. However, I was caught up in Chase and Julian holding me back. “Nick! Stop it, man!” Julian tightened his hold on me while Chase jumped in between me and Avery to create some much-needed space between us. Apparently, the knowledge that I was coming after her, and the only thing stopping me was Julian, didn’t seem to faze her. She was busy trying to get around Chase to confront me.
Chase finally stepped to the side, but he held onto her arm to make sure she didn’t get too close to me. Her beautiful face was flushed, and her eyes were glossed over with hate and unshed tears. She tried to make her small stature as formidable as she could. It didn’t work standing next to someone as big as Chase, though. “Fuck you, Nicholas! Don’t you ever fucking come near me again!” she demanded. “And in the future, if there is something pressing that is work related, I’m sure my boss, Mr. Moretti, can handle it or even Mr. Alexander. I went three years here without ever coming in contact with you, so it shouldn’t be a problem to stay out of each other’s way for another twenty!”
She yanked her arm out from Chase’s grasp and stormed towards the door. She pulled the door open so hard that I was surprised it stayed attached. She slammed the door shut behind her, but not before she left me with one last shot to the heart. “And just so there are no accusations of company misconduct in the future, I’ll make sure the guy who’s fucking me tonight doesn’t work for SMA!”
I let out a snarl so vicious that it took both Chase and Julian to keep me from going after her. “Avery, get back here! Avery!”
Julian started shaking me. “Nick, man! Stop it!”
Chase was right there with him. “What the fuck is your problem, dude?”
I tried to break free from their hold, but those assholes were strong. “You fuckers can let go of me now.” When they wouldn’t budge, I added, “I’m not going to run out after her. I swear.”
They slowly released their hold on me, but I couldn’t lie. A part of me wanted to tear out of here, chase Avery down, then drag her the fuck back by her hair. However, I’d already caused enough trouble for Julian and Chase with my mental fracture.
“What’s going on, Nick? I’ve never seen you lose your shit over a female before.” Chase wasn’t lying. No woman has ever turned me into a raving lunatic before.
I sat down in the chair nearest to me, and propping my elbows on my knees, I dropped my head into my hands. “I don’t know, Chase.” My entire body shuttered with the deep breath I let out. “I don’t know what I’m doing with her.”
Julian was the most emotionally handicapped out of the three of us, so it shocked the shit out of me when he Dr. Phil’ed me. “She’s attracted to the man you are now, Nick. Learning about the boy you were isn’t going to change that.”
I took my head out of my hands and looked up at him. “You sure about that, Julez?”
He shrugged his shoulder. “Even if it did, you aren’t giving her a fair chance.”
“So, you’re telling me Isabella knows the stories behind all your scars?” I looked over at Chase. “Are you prepared to tell Quinn all the gory details of your childhood if you ever land her?”
Julian answered first. “It’s not the same thing, Nick. Isabella and I didn’t get together because I was playing a role in fulfilling a fantasy for her. Isabella knows I’m serious about her. The only reason she’s not wearing my ring and pregnant with my child already is because I don’t want to scare her off.”
“Look, Sav, I can’t say what I’ll do or won’t do with Quinn because I can’t even get a date with her, much less pin her down. But if she caught me in a compromising situation, I’d like to believe I’d do whatever I could to reassure her.” Chase just shrugged his shoulders.
I stood up. “And how do you guys feel about me sharing your childhoods with her? How am I supposed to explain who Katrina is without having to go into details about Donna? Those details include you two fuckfaces, too, you know.”
Isabella must have really done a number on Julian because it was all so easy for him. “If you actually care about her, and she’s not just a hot piece, I wouldn’t care. My demons are powerful enough without me letting them destroy your or Chase’s happiness, too.” I just look at my friend. It wasn’t fair that a person so good was tormented by so much bad.
“C’mon, man. You know how I feel about our childhoods, but I’m with Julez on this one. If she matters, then I’d deal, dude.”
“I don’t know, guys.” I sat on the edge of the table, gripping the edge hard enough to scratch the wood finish. “Seeing Katrina yesterday fucked me up. It’s like she took my hand and personally led me back to that goddamn apartment with my goddamn mother.” I let out another breath. “It felt-it feels like, if I don’t talk about it, then it didn’t happen. So, it won’t exist, and therefore, Avery can’t be tainted by any of it.” I shook my head. “Fuck, I don’t know.”
Chase threw his hands up. “Okay. I gotta ask. It needs to be asked.”
I raised a brow. “What?”
He threw Julian a quick look before answering. “What are you going to do if this isn’t just a fight?”
I stood up and folded my arms across my chest, bracing myself. “What do you mean?”
“He means, what if she’s serious about you staying away from her,” Julian clarified. “What happens if she doesn’t give you a chance to fix this?”
“Fuck that shit.” I could feel myself glaring at them. “This isn’t all my fault, you know. She should have trusted me. I’ll admit it didn’t look good, but I never gave her a reason to doubt me.”
“Get the fuck out of your head, Sav. I know you haven’t had to answer to a woman since you were ten, but, seriously, Nick? What would you have done if you had walked in with her hand down some guy’s pants and she told you to bounce because she was in the middle of something?” Chase posed.
I gritted my teeth at the image he painted, but that didn’t change the fact that she should have trusted me. “You know what? I don’t need this shit. I’ve known the girl for two fucking weeks. I’m not going to strip myself raw because she can’t leave well enough alone.” Julian and Chase were looking at me like I was a wounded tiger at the zoo-warily. “If she can’t trust me, then there’s nothing I can do about it.”
Chase narrowed his eyes at me. “I know you guys talked last night, but does she know that you use to fuck Katrina when we were kids? Does she know we all did?”
I knew where he was going with this, but I wasn’t going to lie. “Yeah, I told her. I mean, I didn’t tell her that you guys did or that she was neighborhood-friendly or anything. She asked if I had ever slept with her, and she insisted on an answer.” I ran my hands through my hair, ready to tear it all out. “I wasn’t going to lie to her.”
“Well, no wonder she’s pissed, Nick. What if you caught her with her ex half-naked?”
“Fuck,” Julian muttered. “I fucking told you guys this was going to turn into a goddamn disaster.”
I couldn’t blame him. I knew he was concerned on whether or not his hold on Isabella was strong enough to withstand this shit storm between me and Avery. “Look, let’s just let this go for now and get the hell out of here. The weekend should give us all time to calm down.”
They didn’t look like they believed me, but we all filed out of the conference room, nonetheless. I wasn’t even sure if I believed myself, truth be told.
And I didn’t know what the hell I was going to do if she made good on her threat about fucking someone who wasn’t me tonight.
I think I’d murder Katrina, Donna, and the entire Deep East with my bare hands if she did.

*****

Avery~
I was hurt, angry, and confused. It was the only excuse I had for sitting here in my car in front of my parents’ house. Their party was tomorrow, but if I didn’t think I was strong enough to withstand their anniversary before this crap with Nicholas, I sure as hell couldn’t now.
After sitting in my car for about fifteen minutes, I finally found the strength to get out and go confront my ghosts. Maybe it was selfish of me to choose now to do this, but I didn’t care right now. Nicholas had torn me to shreds. I still firmly believed I deserved a full-on explanation about who that woman in his office was to him, but he was partly right. I probably wouldn’t have trusted any explanation he had given anyway.
I walked into my parents’ house and found my mom in the kitchen preparing dinner. “Hey, Mom.”
She yelped as she turned around, her hand on her chest. “Oh, my God, Avery.” She let out a settling laugh. “You startled me.” I always thought my mother was beautiful. She was the same height as I was, but that was the extent of our similarities. She had brown hair with hazel eyes. My brother had taken after her in looks where I had taken after my father. “What are you doing here? I wasn’t expecting you until tomorrow.”
It was almost six in the evening, and she was busy preparing dinner, but she looked like she just finished getting ready this morning. Her makeup was flawless, and her hair was immaculately styled to perfection. Her outfit was still pressed, and it looked smart and classy on her. The vision of her looking so put together sent me into an awful, awful spiral of dark emotions.
“Avery, what’s wrong?”
I guess I wasn’t doing a great job of schooling my features. “Why did you take him back, Mom?” Her face fell at my question, but it didn’t deter me. I needed answers. “I never asked before because it was your marriage, and I didn’t think it was any of my business.”
“And now you think it is? Fifteen years later?” she countered.
“Yes, Mom, I do.” This conversation was going to be hurtful and nerve scraping, so I didn’t sit. Somehow, it didn’t seem appropriate for me to get comfortable. “It’s my business because it’s affecting my personal relationships. Eric cheated on me, and while I was hurt, I wasn’t surprised. I met a guy a couple of weeks ago and already he had his hands on another woman, and I wasn’t surprised.” She averted her eyes from mine while I confessed my issues. “I realized I never truly trusted them to begin with and that’s not fair to them or to me.”
“Avery, I’m very sorry for how our choices may have negatively impacted you, but what happened between your father and myself is still very much our business, and ours alone.” She turned her back on me to continue with dinner.
“Seriously? That’s it?” If I wasn’t steaming before, I most definitely was now. “I tell you I’m having problems and that I’m hurting, and all I get is that shit’s none of my business?” Apparently, in her world, being a better wife took precedence over being a compassionate mother.
She whirled around at my use of the word shit. “You’ll watch how you speak to me, Avery. No matter my choices, good or bad, I am still your mother, and I always did what I thought was best for you and this family. Your mistake is in coming into my home and thinking you can disrespect me, young lady.”
“I’m disrespecting you by asking you for an explanation about something that damaged all of us? Well, damaged all of us except for Dad, of course. I mean, he got the sweet end of the deal.”
“Avery, that’s enough!”
I turned around at my father’s voice. He had some fucking nerve. “Is it, Dad?”
“If you have something to say, then say it to me. Your mother does not deserve any backlash from you about what I did fifteen years ago.” He looked ready to go to battle for my mother, but I wasn’t buying it.
“How great it must be for you to be able to pick and choose when to be a model husband. Way to come to her defense just now, Dad.” He looked like he wanted to slap me. “So, tell me this, does she know?”
“What is this about, Avery? Why are you choosing the day before our party to bring this up?” He walked around me to go stand next to my mom and that just pissed me off more.
“It’s not like I planned to have my life fall apart around your anniversary. Next time, I’ll work to make sure it’s not an inconvenience.”
“That’s enough! Either get to the point or leave!”
I pointed at my mother. “Does she know?!”
My mother looked back and forth between me and my father. I wanted her to be strong. I wanted her to demand an explanation. I wanted…I wasn’t sure what I wanted, really.
When it was obvious that my father wasn’t going to answer, my mother stepped up. “Avery, I don’t need to know whatever secret you and your father have. I made my choice, and I’ll make the same one again if I need to.”
I wanted to cry. I wanted to cry for my father’s mistake. I wanted to cry for my mother’s choices. I wanted to cry for my brother’s ability to move forward. Most of all, I wanted to cry for the immense loss I was feeling. The source of all my angst was standing there in his perfect home with his perfect wife while he still held his perfect job, and tomorrow, he was going to celebrate his perfect life with all of his perfect friends, and here I was, falling apart because I didn’t have a healthy view of men. I didn’t even have a healthy view of myself.
I nodded my head at my mother. “I love you, Mom, and I hope you feel as special as you deserve tomorrow. But I think it goes without saying that I won’t be here.”
Her eyes immediately glossed over with unshed tears. “Avery…”
“How long are you going to punish your mother for something I did, Avery?”
All my resentment for this man started bubbling out. “Until I find a man who will love me and only me. Until I find a man who wants me and only me. Until I find a man who I can trust completely. Until I find a man who isn’t with me because his first choice chose someone else!” He flinched at that. “But until then, I’ll make do with whichever guy is responsible enough to at least wrap up his dick while he cheats on me because it’s starting to look like all men cheat.” I noticed my mother could no longer stop the tears from streaming down her face. “But fuck it. Who the hell cares? At least you guys are happy, right?” I walked out of their house a bigger mess than when I had walked in.
I drove straight back to Izzy’s, blaring every heart-wrenching love song on my playlist that the drive time allowed.
She opened the door, presenting me with a glass of wine. “Wine?”
“Yeah.” Iz nodded as she ushered me into her apartment. “Quinn is on her way, and we are going to get white-girl-wasted and wake up with the biggest hangovers known to man with no recollection whatsoever of this night.”
Damn, she was starting to sound like Q. “Much appreciated, lady. And I am completely down with this plan of yours.”
I threw my purse on the kitchen bar and took a seat on the couch. “I don’t know what to do, Iz.” Luckily, Quinn chose that moment to burst the door open and join the party. I didn’t feel like repeating the disastrous visit to my parents twice. Now that they were both here, I could recap it just once.
After I was done, Isabella was the first to comment. “Damn, Ace.”
“Yeah, that pretty much sums it up.” My wine glass was already empty, so Q was refilling it. Quinn was sitting next to me on the couch while Izzy sat in one of the cushions chairs with her fuzzy socked-up feet kicked up on the coffee table.
We were a hell of a team, us three.
Isabella’s phone chimed with a text message, and I could tell by the look on her face it was from Julian. I jumped up off the couch and smothered her with a hug. I gave her a sloppy kiss. “I love you!”
After she managed to untangle herself from me, she asked, “What the hell was that for?”
I walked into her kitchen to find more alcohol. One bottle of wine wasn’t going to do shit to erase the misery that was my life at the moment. “Because I know that text is from Julian, and out of respect for my delicate sensibilities, you’re ignoring it.”
I waltzed back into the living room with another bottle of I-don’t-care wine and a bottle of Patron Silver that needed to be cracked open. When Q saw my hands were full with the booze, she jumped up to go get the shot glasses and ice. “Isabella, my dear, dear Isabella.” She eyed me warily. “I have nothing against Julian or Chase. This mess has nothing to do with anyone other than me and Nicholas. You can answer his text.”
It was true. Julian and Chase hadn’t been anything but nice to me, and while it’ll hurt at first to see them or talk to them knowing that Nicholas was no longer in the picture, I wasn’t going to begrudge my friends their happiness. That was a dick move and I wasn’t a dick.
Well, not all the time.
“What does it say?” Q asked when Iz checked her phone.
She glanced at me as if she weren’t sure she should say. “I’m a big girl, Izzy.”
She sighed. “He asked me if you were okay and wants to know if me and him are okay.” I snatched her phone out of her hands and typed a response. Izzy was trying to snatch it back. “Hey! Give me that!”
“Q, handle her.” I continued to type back my text as Quinn wrestled with Iz.
“Hurry, Ace! She’s a slippery little sucker!” Quinn was clearly losing the wrestling match.
I put the phone down on the table all triumphal like. “There! I’m finished!”
Iz raced to her phone. She arched a beautiful brow at me after she read the text. “You know he’s going to know that I didn’t send this.”
I shrugged and polished off my second glass of wine. I held my glass out to Q for her services again. “Doesn’t matter. It still gets the point across.”
Her phone quickly chimed back with a response, and she blushed at whatever Julian sent back. This time, Quinn snatched the phone out of her hand. “Whoooo!”
“What’d he type back?” Quinn held up the phone, so I could read the text.

Julian: Hey, Dove, how’s Avery faring? R we still good?

Me: A’s fine. She’s better than fine. How about after A & Q pass out, u cum over & do unspeakable things 2 my body 

Julian: Hi, Q or A. You girls take it easy and tell Iz I’ll be there at midnight with my unspeakable intentions. 

I hooped and hollered. “Girl, you hit the jackpot with that one.”
She smiled. “I’m still trying to keep it friendly, you know. No expectations.”
Quinn snorted a laugh. “No expectations? I’m betting you can expect a billion orgasms tonight. That man is hot. Ugh, and those dimples.”
Isabella just laughed and I hoped she worked out her commitment issues soon because Julian was the real deal. “Okay, ladies, let’s start this shit up. I want to be passed out before Julian gets here.”
More than that, passed out meant no thoughts of Nicholas.
Chapter 19
Pride: Because I’ll be goddamned.

Avery~
All I could hope for was that I could make it to the kitchen, find a knife, and end it all. Iz did not exaggerate when she said we were going to get wasted. Even my eyelashes hurt.
I’ve been hung over before, but right now, I was praying for death. The pounding in my head was unbearable. I managed to lift my head up high enough off the couch to see Q on the other side of the coffee table, splattered on the floor like a starfish.
I groaned as I sat up. Quinn was right. No man was worth this kind of torture. I propped my elbows on my knees and hung my head in my hands, wondering if they were strong enough to remove my head from my neck, but I didn’t think they were. I heard some noises coming from the kitchen and I thought my skull was going to shatter.
I raised my head to ask Iz if she would bring me a knife, so I could end my miserable existence, but it wasn’t Iz in the kitchen. It was Julian.
A hair-rumpled, shirtless Julian.
Holy Mary, Mother of God.
It took me a few seconds to realize he was walking towards me with a glass of water because, if a shirtless Julian wasn’t enough to render a person stupid, a shirtless, pajama pants wearing, barefoot Julian sure was. The smirk on his face brought out one of his dimples and I swore I could hear an angel chorus in the background. “Done staring, sweetie?”
“Nope.” I shook my head for emphasis and instantly regretted it. “Motherfucker.”
He chuckled. “Here. Take these.” He handed me the water and a couple of aspirin. As I was eyeing the tablets, he walked over to Quinn. The sight of his tattooed back and hard muscles rippling all over his body, working together to lift Q, was spectacular.
The tattoo was magnificent and telling, but as he handled Quinn, I noticed he had scars all over his body, too. And while I was certain there was a sad story behind most of them, they made him look even hotter than he already was.
He gently placed Quinn on the couch opposite side of me. “Why hasn’t Iz locked you down with a ring and seven babies by now?”
“Believe me, I’m working on it,” he chuckled.
Julian made sure Q was comfortable on the couch, and then he kissed the top of my head as he passed me on his way back to the bedroom. “Everything will be okay, sweetie.”
I just sat there dumbfounded. Quiet, serious, brooding, people-hating Julian kissed me on the top of my head in an effort to take care of me along with putting Q on the couch. Isabella better hurry up and get her head out of her ass and lock that man down.
God, and that body.
I managed to make it to the bathroom to pee and brush my teeth. We all three had our own bathroom drawers at each other’s homes for nights like last night. I grabbed my phone from my purse on my way back to the couch and saw I had several missed called; a couple from my dad and some from Michael. Nothing from Nicholas, not that I was really expecting any.
I also had a couple of text messages from Eric. I still wasn’t sure how I felt about this friendship weirdo thing he was pushing, but I did date the man for almost two years. If I were being honest, we’d been pretty comfortable during our relationship. If it weren’t for his cheating, we’d probably still be together, so maybe we would actually make better friends than lovers. Who knows?
I fired off a quick text to Eric to let him know that I was at Izzy’s, hung over, and that I’d talk to him later. I debated calling Michael back, but my head hurt so badly that I wasn’t up for a fight. I looked over at Quinn in her peaceful slumber and decided that was the route to take. I got comfortable and tried to go back to sleep, but the pounding in my head wouldn’t let me. The pills Julian had given me had started taking the edge off, but I still had a hell of a headache.
I closed my eyes when my phone started ringing, surprising the hell out of me. And because I didn’t want it waking Q, I answered it without looking to see who it was. “Hello?”
“What the fuck, Avery?”
I groan in protest for the pain shooting through my brain. “Please, don’t yell, Michael. I got an epic hangover.”
“Jesus Christ, you and them girls.” I wanted to check him for calling Q and Iz ‘them girls’, but he wasn’t yelling, and so I was calling that a victory. “Look, I’m calling because Mom and Dad told me about your little breakdown yesterday. What gives, Avery? Is this about that asshole on the phone?”
I let out a deep breath. I loved my brother very much. He’s always been good to me, and we managed to remain close as we grew up and created lives of our own. Still, I did not want to have this conversation with him. I really didn’t. “It’s been harder for me to get over it, Michael.”
He didn’t have to ask me what the ‘it’ was. “Avery, it’s been fifteen years and why are you whispering?”
“Quinn is passed out on the other end of the couch, and I don’t want to wake her.”
“You’re at Quinn’s?”
“No. Isabella’s. They’re-”
“I’m coming to pick you up. We’re going back to your place and we’re going to talk about this, okay, Sister?”
Tears leaked out of my eyes. Michael would never not listen to me. Even if the end resulted in him still not agreeing with me, he still always listened. “Okay. I’ll be outside waiting.”
I did my best to move as fast as I could, but it was proving to be a challenge. I left a note for Q and Iz, and then went outside to wait for Michael. I just hoped I didn’t vomit in his car. I wasn’t up the laborious job it would take to clean his car if I did.
Fifteen minutes later, I was heading home, pleading with my brother to drive five miles an hour since I was very much still hungover. He side-eyed me, letting me know he thought I deserved everything I was feeling right now.
I take back what I said about him being a good brother.
Once we got to my apartment, the first thing I did was take a shower. I felt like all the alcohol I consumed last night was still seeping out of my pores. I got dressed, then went in search of Michael. I found him in my kitchen, and he was making me something to eat.
He was a good brother once again.
It was times like these that I was glad he moved from Ione to San Jose, too.
I sat down at the table, and he sat across from me after putting a plate of scrambled eggs and toast in front of me with some juice. “Okay, talk.”
I nibbled on the toast first, hoping it would settle my stomach before I braved the eggs. “So, you already know that Eric cheated on me and that’s why we broke up, right?”
He stole a piece of toast off my plate. “Yeah,” he confirmed before he started in on the toast.
“What you don’t know is that Paul cheated on me, too, and that’s why we had broken up.” I took a drink of juice. “I…uh, saved myself and thought Paul was the one. We were together two years before I felt ready. One year later, I caught him with another girl when I surprised him at USC.” I nibbled on some more toast to try to occupy myself from this embarrassing conversation. “After that, I dated a little here and there, nothing serious, until Eric. I met Nicholas-Phone Guy-a couple of weeks ago and I thought things were starting out really good. I fell really hard for him in a matter of days. He seemed to be the man Eric and Paul weren’t. The man Dad wasn’t. But then I caught him in his office with some woman. She had her tits out and his hands were on her blouse. He claims I walked in on him closing up her shirt, not ripping it open, but he also admitted he’s slept with her before.”
“And you don’t believe him?”
“I don’t know. He’s very secretive about her and says I should just trust him.” I looked my brother in the eye for this next part. “Do all guys cheat, Michael?”
If I wasn’t looking so directly at him, I might have missed how his sweet hazel eyes glossed over a little. Once again, he was seven and I was five, and he wanted to put a Band-Aid on my scrapes and scratches to stop the bleeding. “No, Sister, they don’t. I know it may not seem that way, but it’s true. There are millions of men who are happily faithful.”
“I can’t seem to find a way to forgive Dad,” I admitted.
“Mom forgave him,” he pointed out.
“I know, but there’s more to the story than she knows, Michael.”
He immediately tensed. “What do you mean?”
With tears in my eyes for the hurt I was going to cause my brother, I told him about the night I caught our dad on the phone. Michael remained quiet for a few minutes after I finished telling him what I knew.
When he finally broke the silence, it was to ask, “Why didn’t you ever tell me?”
“We were all so hurt and broken that I didn’t want to add to it. If I told you, then I’d have to tell Mom, and I didn’t want to be the one to cause her anymore pain.” I grabbed a napkin to dry my tears that were freely flowing now.
He gave me a small huff of a laugh. “Yours and Dad’s uncomfortable relationship now makes total sense.” Michael walked over to me, lifted me out of my seat, then held me to him. “I’m sorry, Sister. I’m sorry you had to know that all by yourself.”
I hugged him back. “Love you, Michael.”
He stepped back from me but didn’t let go as he looked down at me. “I won’t pressure you about family functions anymore. I’ll give you all the time and space you need to heal from this.”
I gave him a shaky smile. “Thanks. I promise I’m not trying to not forgive him, I just haven’t found a way to yet. And my cheating boyfriends don’t help.”
Michael let go of me and I could tell he was getting ready to leave. “Look, it’s already noon. I still plan on going to Mom and Dad’s for their party, so I need to get going.”
“Are you taking Rebecca?” Rebecca was Michael’s latest attempt at love.
“Yeah.” He started heading towards the door and I followed him. “Things are still going well between us, so we’ll see.”
Standing next to my front door, I stretched up to kiss him on his cheek. “Thanks for listening, Michael.”
“Anytime.” He grabbed the doorknob to open the door, and then paused. “Look, Avery. I know this isn’t any of my business, but are you sure about Phone Guy?”
I tilted my head at his question. “What do you mean?”
“Just hear me out, okay? I don’t know the guy outside that one phone call and what you’ve just told me now, but I gotta tell you, Sister. That was some serious shit he said to me on the phone when he thought I was some random guy calling you. That’s a lot of possessiveness for a man who is seeing other women.”
“Then why is he so secretive about her?” That question tormented me.
“I don’t know. I just….it just doesn’t feel right that he’d do that to you. I don’t know, Sister.” He opened the door to leave. “Just think it over before you condemn all us males to the Ninth Circle of Hell.”
I laughed as he shut the door behind him. Feeling way better after a shower and a little bit of food, I zombie-walked back to my bedroom to treat myself to a nap.
As I got comfortable on my bed, my last fading thought was how in the hell could Q pass out in that awkward starfish position.

*****

Nicholas~
It was Sunday morning, and I was just as pissed off today as I’d been when Avery told me she was going to be fucking someone else on Friday. So much for the weekend giving everyone some time to cool down.
The only reason I knew she hadn’t gone through with her avowal on Friday was because Julian had text me that she and Quinn were getting plastered at Isabella’s. And because Julez took my sanity seriously, he had texted me when he’d gotten there around midnight to let me know the girls were passed out drunk, and very alone. Of course, Isabella has been around Julian long enough to know that there’d be a blood bath if he ever found any guys at her house, so there was that.
I still hadn’t heard from Avery, and while I knew what she’d been about on Friday night, I had no idea what she had done Saturday night. I knew she was supposed to have gone to her parents’ anniversary party yesterday, but that was it. It was killing me to not know, but I wasn’t going to cave and call her.
I didn’t do anything wrong.
Why couldn’t she just let it go? She didn’t know what she was asking when she’d asked for details about Katrina. I was fucking protecting her from all the evil that was my childhood and she wanted to give me shit about it.
I worked Friday night until I couldn’t keep my eyes open anymore, then woke up Saturday morning and went right back at it just to keep myself from calling Avery. Now, here it was, Sunday morning, and I was in my home office working again. I was so deep into work that I was caught completely by surprise when Julian walked into my office. I hadn’t even heard the elevator.
“Julez, what’s up, man?” I welcomed the distraction.
He lowered himself onto the two-seater couch that sat on the right side of the room. “Just checking on you. My phone’s been pinging with email notifications from you all weekend. You’re making me feel like a slacker.”
I leaned back in my chair while I ran my hands down my face. “Sorry about that.”
He shrugged. “Don’t worry about it. I’m not trippin’. I just decided I should check on you. Have you left the penthouse at all this weekend?
“I’m just catching up on some stuff, Julez. No need to put me on suicide watch.”
He just looked at me in his Julian-way until I broke. “Did you talk to her Friday?”
He shook his head. “By the time I arrived, she and Quinn were incoherent messes. They passed out within minutes of me being there. Isabella wasn’t any better. The second I got her in bed, she was sawing logs.”
I had to laugh. Having experienced them together while they drank, I was sure it’d been a sight to behold. “Did any of her incoherent ramblings include my name?” I was such a vagina.
“No. And she was so hungover the next morning that she could barely move her head, much less hold a conversation. Not sure when, because I went back to bed with Isabella, but her brother ended up picking her up and taking her home. Well, according to the note she left.”
I started laughing. “I’m such a fucking clown. I’m drowning myself in work, so I don’t do anything stupid…well, more stupid when it comes to her, and she’s just carrying on with her life, business as usual.”
“C’mon, Sav. I don’t think it’s like that at-”
“Really, Julian? She’s getting drunk with her friends and going to family parties. Meanwhile, I’ve spent my entire weekend doing everything I can to keep from breaking down her fucking door.” I stood up so violently that I sent my chair rolling back hard enough to hit the wall. “I’m so fucking stupid.”
Julian stood up as well. “No, you’re not stupid. You’re stubborn, Nick.”
I stopped mid-pace and cocked my head at him. “I’m stubborn?” I threw my arm in his direction. “This from the man who’s forcing a woman into forever against her will?”
“That’s Chase. Isabella is very much with me willingly,” he stated, casually discrediting my claim.
“Please,” I scoffed. “The only reason she’s with you-willingly-is because she doesn’t fully understand the depths of your obsession with her. If she did, she’d join Witness Protection.”
“Do you really want to go there?” he asked. “Do you really want to compare obsessions? Last I check, I haven’t fucked Isabella in my office, and I sure as hell didn’t announce that I’m fucking her in a room full of her colleagues.”
“I didn’t announce any such thing,” I mumbled, but it didn’t sound convincing, even to my ears.
Julian just stood there as he folded his arms over his chest and raised a brow at me.
I let out a breath and sat down on the edge of my desk. “I don’t know what to do, Julez. I feel like I’m losing my mind. Even when we were kids and our lives were in chaos, I never felt this kind of uncontrollable madness.”
He unfolded his arms and put his hands in his pockets. “You were wrong, Nick. While I agree that every relationship needs trust, she doesn’t really have a reason to trust you.”
“Bu-”
He held his hand up, effectively cutting me off. “Just hear me out, Nick. You got together with her under the assumption that you guys were hooking up just to fulfill her sexual fantasy, making all the time you guys spent together based on nothing but sex.”
“What I feel for her isn’t just sex.” It turned my stomach to hear him reduce our time together to booty calls. It reminded me of how I had described the times in my office as slam sessions.
“She doesn’t know that. She was very descriptive on…uh, what she wanted from her fantasy. All I’m saying is that it is very possible that she may think all your possessive bullshit is part of the role you’re playing with her.” He walked over to the bar to hopefully make both of us a drink. He started pouring as he continued. “She walked in on you with another woman, whom you used to fuck, and you offered no explanation. You just demanded that she trust you. Who in the hell trusts anyone after only two weeks of knowing each other, Nick?”
“Goddamn it, Julez, I told her I didn’t want anyone else but her.” I said, continuing to defend my actions.
“Yeah, but does she know it’s because you actually have feelings for her, or does she think it’s because you guys are still role playing?”
He handed me my drink. “Does it matter? She wants an explanation on who Katrina is.” I ran my hands through my hair, and it seemed like I’ve been doing a lot of that in frustration lately. “I’m not ready to go there. It’s too soon.”
“You have to make a decision. If it’s not too soon to fall for her-which you obviously have-then it’s not too soon to explain some shit. You don’t have to tell her every little detail, Nick. However, you can tell her enough to ease her mind about Katrina.”
I looked down. “I’m really fucking this up, aren’t I?” I downed the scotch in one swallow.
“I’m just saying that maybe if you explain to her that the possessiveness you’ve been displaying with her is out of this hold that she has on you and not that goddamn fantasy, then maybe she’d be willing to give you the blind trust you’re insisting on.”
I nodded my head. “I’ll think about it.” I let out a laugh. “Fuck, I can’t think of anything else.”
Julian finished his drink and clapped me on my back. “Alright, I’m going to take off. I just came to check on you.”
“Thanks, man. I’ll catch you later.” I stayed sitting on my desk as Julian walked out. Maybe he was right. Maybe that damn fantasy was making things more complicated than they needed to be. It never occurred to me that she might think I was always in character around her. Hell, it was my character. It would be extremely arrogant of me to say I was her fantasy come true, but I pretty much was. My need to possess her was real.
I was pretty sure Julian was spending his weekend with Isabella because he didn’t have the luxury of being able to see her at work whenever he wanted like I had with Avery, so I called Chase. He answered on the second ring. “What’s up?’
“I need to get out of this fucking building.” It wasn’t even noon yet. “What you got going on today?”
“Actually, I was going to stop by and see Mom.”
Teresa Alexander.
She was probably the exact thing I needed right now. She had always been my sanctuary when I was young, and it’s been a while since I’ve actually visited her. She always spoke to the three of us at least once a week, but I suspected Julian spent a lot of time with her on his own. “Great, come pick me up and I’ll go with you.”
“Be there in twenty.”
True to his word, Chase picked me up twenty minutes later. I wasn’t in his car five seconds when he started badgering me with questions. “You still fucked-up over Avery?”
I didn’t bother looking at him. “Actually, I am. Thanks for asking.” Chase remained unusually quiet and that made me uneasy. “You know something I don’t?”
He let out a breath as he exited onto the freeway. “All kidding aside, Sav, are you serious about this girl or are you just high off her pussy?”
I wanted to punch my best friend in the face for referring to her that way, but I didn’t want us crashing to our deaths. “That’s the last time you’ll refer to her as pussy, Chase.”
I could see him nod his head through my peripheral. “Thought so, man.”
“What’s your point?”
“Promise not to freak out as we’re going eighty miles an hour down the freeway?”
It instantly felt as if the bottom of my stomach had fallen out. This situation with Avery already had me on the brink of madness, I wasn’t sure I could take what he had to say without losing my shit. Especially, since speaking with Julian had lifted some of the haze and had given me a push to try to figure this thing out with her. “Maybe you should wait until we get to Mom’s. I can’t promise that kind of control when I have no clue what you’re about to tell me.” Chase just nodded and we remained silent the rest of the ride over to Teresa’s.
As we pulled up to the curb in front of Teresa’s house, I couldn’t decide if the ride had been too long or too short.
Fuck this shit.
“Okay. We’re here. We’re safe. We can no longer endanger the lives of unsuspecting commuters and travelers, so spill.”
“The girls have plans to hit Xavier’s this weekend.”
I ran my hands up and down my face about six times before I asked, “How do you know?”
Chase took the keys out of the ignition and turned to face me. “Brian called me.”
The look on my face had to reveal my confusion. “Why would Brian call you to tell you that?”
Chase averted his eyes a little, and if I didn’t know better, I’d say he was displaying signs of embarrassment. “I…uh…I…uhm, shit. The next day, after we met the girls and it was obvious that Julian wasn’t ever going to give Iz back to the world and you were claiming A as yours, I called Brian and told him that if he ever saw those three there without us in the future to call me and let me know. So, he called me yesterday and said he got a call from the chic with some serious sass wanting to know if she could request a booth for Friday night.”
I stared at my best friend for a few seconds before asking, “What’s going on with you and Quinn, Chase?” He hadn’t asked Brian just for mine and Julian’s sakes.
He hitched his shoulder up. “Nothing. Yet.” I stayed silent, giving him a few seconds. “But I want her, Sav. And I’m going to get her.”
How we went from going out, so that Chase could get laid, to obsessing over a trio of wacky, infuriating, beautiful women, I’ll never know. But I did know one thing….
“So, we’re going to Xavier’s this weekend?”
Chase opened his car door to get out, but not before confirming, “Fuck yeah, we are.”
Chapter 20
Pride: Because I’ll be goddamned; Part 2.

Avery~
I was very aware that I had told Nicholas to never come near me again, but when I hadn’t heard from him since our fight in the conference room, I was hit with the glaring truth that I may have made a mistake. I had spent all week at work hoping to run into him in the elevator or the lobby, but he’d been nowhere to be found. I also hadn’t seen Julian or Chase, and I think that helped make thing seem so final.
I was so confused.
I’d been the one to called things off, but it didn’t make my heartbreak any less painful.
Quinn had insisted that we needed a girls’ spa day, so yesterday after work, we had spent all evening getting plucked, waxed, buffed, massaged, moisturized, and essentially tortured at Ladies First Spa & Salon. I had walked out of there feeling cleaner than I had ever been, but also feeling depressed as hell. I mean, what’s the point of getting buffed smooth all over if no one was going to be touching my buffy smoothness?
And now we were sitting in a circular booth at Xavier’s, and we were all trying to pretend like we weren’t here to drown my Nicholas sorrows. Although, sitting in the booth was way more comfortable than the high-top tables we had occupied last time. It was always the little things that bring joy to my world.
We were only three rounds in when Quinn went all wide eyed. “Is that who I think it is?”
Iz and I both turned towards the front door, and shit, sure enough, it was. “What’s he doing here?”
Izzy looked at me. “Did you invite him?”
I shook my head. “No. I mean…he texted me earlier this week, suggesting we do a movie or something, but I told him I was going out with you guys. I never extended it as an invitation to join us, though.”
Eric was standing near the bar with one of his good friends, Simon Lipton, looking around the room. I also had a bad feeling he was looking for me. I wasn’t opposed to having a friendship with him, but I didn’t think I was ready for anything outside bullshitting on the phone or social media interactions. I just hoped he was serious about being friends only.
And then I knew they were here for us when Eric finally spotted our booth and started making his way over. This was not good. I may have gotten over his cheating, but I didn’t think Quinn had.
“Holy shit, are they coming this way?” I didn’t blame Isabella. This was a girls’ night, not a girl-and-her-best-friends-and-ex-boyfriend-and-his-sidekick night.
Eric and Simon made it to our booth before I could give Iz the obvious answer. Eric smiled as he nodded at me. “Avery.” He ran his gaze over Q and Iz. “Quinn. Isabella.”
“Hey…hi...uh, hey, Eric. Simon.”
Without an invitation, Simon scooted his way into our booth, forcing Isabella into the center while Quinn had to move over, so that he wasn’t sitting on her damn lap. “What the fuck, Simon?” Quinn wasn’t one to be scooted anywhere.
He threw a smile at her. “Good to see you, Quinn.” He jutted his chin towards Iz. “You, too, Isabella. I had almost forgotten what a beautiful sight the three of you are together.”
“You don’t mind, do you, Avery?” Eric was still standing. He was looking at me, waiting for permission to sit. I only saw friendliness in his eyes, but I instantly got a dark, sinking feeling about this. It felt like giving him permission to sit was giving him permission for something more.
Or maybe the three beers were affecting me more than I thought.
It didn’t matter anyway because, before I could answer him, I heard a resounding, ‘oh fuck’ coming from Quinn. I turned to find her eyes bugging out of her head and I instantly knew why.
I tilted my head around Eric to see three very large, very hot, and very formidable males mobbing their way towards our booth. The closer they got to us, the more I could see that I needed to add ‘very pissed’ to my list of descriptive words.
I actually started laughing, albeit it was a kind of a hysterical laugh. Still, I was just so damn happy that Iz was sandwiched in between me and Q and nowhere near Eric or Simon. I had no doubt Julian would have torn this place apart, otherwise.
However, my joy was short lived when they reached our table, and it was Chase who ended up being the one to start shit up. “You motherfuckers lost?”
The entire table tensed. I expected something like this from Julian, even Nicholas with his quick temper, but Chase? Chase was the easygoing one. But then it dawned on me how Simon was sitting next to Q. This girls’ night out was turning out to be an epic failure like the last time.
Eric spun around at Chase’s voice. “What the fuck?”
Simon stood up at Chase’s over-aggressive question. “And you are?”
I jumped up to squeeze myself in between the guys. “Whoa…everyone, let’s relax.”
“Isabella,” was all Julian had to say and she was scooching out of the booth so fast that I was willing to bet her ass was going to have friction burns. I knew it wasn’t because she’s afraid of Julian, so much as her doing her best to keep him out of prison for murder.
I watched as she went to stand in front of him and the transformation that came over him when she placed her hand on his chest was astounding. I could see him visibly relax and I knew whatever was going on between them was deep, intense, and very real on Julian’s part.
I looked back to see if Quinn was going to help me squelch this testosterone-fueled collision, but to my utter shock, she stayed sitting in the booth, drinking her beer with her head facing down.
What the hell?
Eric finally snapped out of his stupor. “Wait.” He pointed at Nicholas. “You’re Avery’s boss. I remember meeting you that day I took Avery to lunch.”
Ugh, he did not take me to lunch. “Eric-”
I still couldn’t bring myself to look at Nicholas, but I heard his answer clear enough. “Yeah. I’m her boss and you’re the ex-asshole who cheated on her, right?”
Well, damn.
Before I could intervene, Chase was answering Simon’s question next. “I’ll be happy to tell you who the fuck I am.” I watched in stunned silence as Chase actually-physically-moved Simon aside, then pointed down at Q. “I’m her man. Meaning she is fucking mine.”
Holy Jesus, Mary, and Joseph.
Quinn gawked up at that. “Chase!”
The daggers he threw at her actually shut her up. Chase had fire shooting out of his eyes and it was a hell of a sight, let me tell you. I’ve never known anyone to be able to put Quinn in her place, but he was doing it. “Not one word, Quinn. Not one fucking word,” he seethed.
Simon was smarter than I had given him credit for. He immediately backed up and threw his hands up in surrender. “Hey, man. We’re just all friends. Eric and I stopped by their booth just to say hi.”
Chase whipped his head back towards Simon. “And you needed to sit next to her to do that, did you?”
I needed to stop this before we all got kicked out. “Chase. He’s telling the truth. They just stopped by to say hello. I promise.”
I was so focused on calming Chase down-I mean, seriously, Chase?-that I was taken off guard when I felt a strong hand grab my upper arm and yank me until I collided with a hard, solid wall of muscle. I wasn’t given the chance to see if everyone was calming down because the hand that had ahold of my arm started dragging me away from the booth.
I didn’t know where we were going. Hell, I didn’t think Nicholas even knew where we were going. He just kept trying the doorknobs on every door we came across until he found one that finally opened. None too gently, he swung me around into what looked like a storage room.
The room was dimly lit by some overhead hanging lights, so I was able to find my way around. However, that didn’t matter when I heard Nicholas lock the door. He didn’t move away from the door, thus creating a few feet of space between us. He did speak, though, and the ice in his voice was a clear indication that this wasn’t a time for games. “What the fuck is Eric doing here?”
I put my hands on my hip trying to offer up some bravado. “I told you I’d make sure the next guy I was fucking wouldn’t work for SMA.” I wanted to yank back the words as soon as they were out of my mouth, but due to my inability to time travel, I couldn’t.
People often said that the eyes were the windows to the soul. Well, if that’s true, Nicholas’ soul was in Antarctica. His eyes were so cold as he looked over at me that I actually shivered. “Consider your next words very carefully, Avery, because I have no problem, whatsoever, with getting arrested. Did you go back to fucking that motherfucker?”
I wasn’t brave enough to call his bluff. “Of course, not. We were just talking.” So much for bravado.
“Cut the shit, Avery! You and Eric are all of a sudden best friends now?!”
“No, of course not. But we called a truce at lunch the other week and now we’re-” I shrugged a shoulder. “-cool, I guess. Besides, this is a public place. I can’t control who comes in here.”
“Cool? You guys are cool?!” he roared. “What the fuck does that mean?!”
What a goddamn hypocrite.
“It means that it is perfectly acceptable to stay in contact with someone you used to fuck. I mean, there’s nothing shady or distrustful about something like that, right, Nicholas?”
He stormed over until he was looming over me. Jesus, why did he have to be so damn good-looking? I was so mad at him for having me all tied up in knots, but my entire body was on fire for him. “Don’t play with me, Avery. It won’t end well for you or for that sonofabitch out there.”
I wanted to be offended. I wanted to be all women’s lib and tell him he couldn’t talk to me like that. I wanted to be unaffected by him. However, the truth was that I was very, very affected by him-unfortunately. “Was I not clear enough the last time we spoke? When I told you to stay the hell away from me, Nicholas? Eric and I are none of your business any more than you and your girlfriend are mine.”
“I have stayed away from you,” he pointed out, choosing to ignore the ‘girlfriend’ comment.
“I’m positive my request consisted of ‘ever’ and not just ‘a few days’,” I reminded him. I mean, how was I supposed to move on if he kept making guest appearances in my life? I didn’t have the strength to resist him. I missed him so much, but I knew if I didn’t stand firm, I’d be just another pathetic woman who would make do with the crumbs she was given. I refused to be my mother.
I refused.
“You didn’t stick around long enough to hear me tell you that wasn’t going to happen.” He leaned in closer to me. “I’ll admit we have a lot to work out, but we are going to work it out.”
My heart was breaking, but I wouldn’t let that deter me. “No, I don’t think we do, Nicholas.” I chose to be pragmatic about it all, even though, just hours earlier, I had been questioning my decision to call things off. “We haven’t even known each other three weeks. Three stupid, goddamn weeks and we’re acting like our marriage of twenty years is coming to an end.” Just saying the words out loud may me realized how ridiculous this whole entire thing was. “A year from now, are we even going to remember a two-week-long fling?”
Nicholas threw his head back in a laugh that did not sound joyful at all. “A two-week fling,” he repeated. His rich, russet gaze was full of heat when he looked back down at me. “Is that how you described it to the girls?” I didn’t think it was possible, but he crowded me some more. “When I buried my face in your pussy in the conference room, is that how you described it to Quinn and Isabella? As just a fling? When I fucked you to the point where your pussy couldn’t take my dick anymore, is that how you described it? When I shot your pussy full of my cum in my office while my fingers took your ass, is that how you described it? As. A. Fucking. Fling?”
My knees threatened to buckle as he recapped all the things he’s done to my body. “Nic-”
“Is that how you fucking described our times together?” He was clenching his teeth so hard that I was surprised he managed to get the words out. Maybe it wasn’t heat I was seeing in his eyes. Maybe that was all pure, unadulterated hate. All I could do was shake my head.
Total honesty here, I was so turned on by his forcefulness that I was pretty sure if I hadn’t been wearing jeans, I would have been dripping down my leg.
Nicholas grabbed a fistful of my hair, yanking it to the point of pain, then forced me to look into his eyes. “Well, then I guess I better make sure I go down in your sexual history as more than just a fling.”
Pretty sure I just came.

*****

Nicholas~
I tried to remember if I ever did apologize to Chase for judging his jealous episodes because, walking into Xavier’s and seeing that tool just talking to Avery, had colored my vision red. I wanted to trust that she would never go back to that asshole, but with things up in the air between us the way they were, I really couldn’t be sure.
But as angry as I was to walk in and see her and Eric being all chummy, that was nothing compared to the fury that came over my entire being at hearing her describe us as a fling. Nothing about us was a fling, and I was going to make damn sure she knew it, too.
It bothered me that she didn’t seem to be as caught up in this as I was, so I was going to do my best to make sure she was as addicted to me as I was to her. Holding a fistful of her sleek, black tresses with one hand, I grabbed her chin with the other, forcing her to face me. “Tell me no, Imp,” I whispered. It was a dick move, but I was a desperate man. I had to find a way to lock her to me and I wasn’t above using her fantasy to do it. “I bet if I stuck my hand down those jeans and through those soft trimmed curls of yours, your cunt would be soaking wet with the thought of me forcing you to take my cock in the back room of this club.”
I had her body flushed with mine, so I could feel her tighten her legs closer together as she brought her hands up and wrapped them around the wrist and forearm of my hand that held her face. “Nicholas…” she whimpered.
I didn’t let up. “If you tell me yes, I’m going to pull you out of this room, take you home, then spend all night worshipping every inch of your body. If you tell me yes, I’m going to wake up tomorrow morning still buried inside you, and I’ll resume worshipping you the rest of the day.” She held her eyes to mine, even though she knew I could see them start to shimmer. She didn’t try to hide from me and all her hurt and confusion was there in her silver orbs. I didn’t need her hurt and confused, I need her out of her mind with lust. I needed her so far gone in the ecstasy of my touch that she’d promise me anything. I covered her with my body and moved my head, so that my lips were kissing her ear. “But if you tell me no, I will bend you over these boxes, hold you down, then fuck your hot, wet, addicting pussy until you cum so hard that I’m drenched in your juices.”
Her knees actually gave out on her.
I let go of her chin and wrapped my arm around her waist to anchor her to my body. “Tell me no, Imp. Tell me no, so that after I’m done cumming inside you balls-deep, I can drag you the fuck out of here, take you home, then use your body as I see fit. Tell me no, so that I can spend all night flooding your pussy and shooting my cum down your throat.
Avery was shaking in my arms, and I wanted to fall to my knees and beg. Instead, I kissed my way from her ear to her sweet, hot mouth. She was panting so hard that her lips were parted, giving me the perfect opportunity to take her lower lip between my teeth. “Tell me no, Avery. Tell me no, so that I can spend all day Saturday finally fucking your ass because your pussy and throat can’t take any more of my cock.” I bit down on her lip so hard that the metallic taste of her blood coated my tongue.
I have never needed someone as much as I needed this woman right now. I thought my dick was going to tear through my pants to get to her, and I just needed a yes or a no from her to give me permission to get lost inside her. If she said anything other than the yes or no that I was asking from her, I’ll release her and walk away. Not quite sure how I’d manage the walking away part, but I would.
I was pretty sure I would.
I, maybe, would.
I pulled my head back to search her face for my answer. Her eyes were closed, and the corner of her lower lip was coated in blood. My cock got harder. “What’s it going to be, Imp?”
Avery opened her eyes, but it took her a couple of seconds to reclaim her focus. She was breathing so hard that her tits rubbed up against me with each breath she took. I let go of her hair and dragged my hand down the back of her neck, to her collar bone, and over one perfectly sized tit and squeezed. She let out a moan so deep that it sounded like she was in pain, and then she finally answered, “No.”
This time, it was my knees that almost gave out.
I brought both my hands around to the buttons of her jeans and made quick work of getting them undone. Avery was doing her part and was pushing at my arms and chest, but it was no contest. If this were real, there was no way a woman of her size would be able to stop me from getting to her.
After getting her pants unbuttoned, I whipped her around and bent her over the boxes of whatever, then pinned her down by her neck with my left hand. Avery was facing to the side, and I could see nothing but desperate hunger for me all over her beautiful, flushed face.
Using my free hand, I worked her jeans down until the waist puddled just above her knees. I yanked her panties down next until they rested above her jeans. I could smell her arousal and it had me damn near in a frenzy. This was what I imagined mating in the wild was like, claiming in the need of survival, because that’s how I felt. Like I needed to be inside this woman to survive.
As soon as I freed my cock, I ran my hand up through her thighs until I finally reached her cunt. And just as I had predicted, her pussy was drenched in her essence. “Fuck, baby. You’re dripping wet for me.”
“Oh, God, Nicholas…” Her breathless moans spurred me on. Just like the first night, no matter her fantasy, I intended to keep reading her body to make sure I didn’t cross the line.
I slid two fingers into her waiting heat and was thankful for how wet she was. With her legs trapped together by her jeans, I wasn’t going to be able to spread her open to take me. I was going to need all the lubrication I could get in order not to hurt her unnecessarily.
I palmed my cock, then ran it up and down her smooth slit, using it to circle her clit. I was foaming at the mouth with the things I was going to do to her once I got her home. I gathered some of her cream with the head of my cock and coated her tight puckered ass with it. “I’m going to find my way in here before I done with you, Imp.” Avery started withering about, her hands trying to find something to grab tight, but the smooth sides of the boxes weren’t giving her anything to anchor to.
As much as I wanted to play with her, I wasn’t so far gone that I’d forgotten we were locked in a storage closet at Xavier’s. So, without wasting any more time, I slammed my entire length into her tightness in one thrust. I didn’t bother with a condom, and I never would again with her. We had both proven we were healthy, and she had stated that she was on birth control, so I wasn’t going to deny myself the sensation of being inside her bare.
Truth be told, my obsession ran so deep with this woman that I couldn’t care less if she was protected or not. At this point, I didn’t think that would stop me from drenching her in my cum.
I put more pressure on the back of her neck, holding her in place, as I jackhammered my cock in and out of her body. She started screaming with the telltale signs of an impending orgasm that I grabbed a mass of her hair with one hand, then yanked her head back, so that I could bring my other hand around and cover her mouth with it. She was nothing but muffled screams and moans after that.
She was fully dressed, and I couldn’t really see anything between the dimness in the room and her legs being locked together, but this was still one of the hottest fucks I have ever had.
I kept slamming into her as hard as I could. Each thrust sent boxes scooting every which way. I didn’t know how long we’d been fucking when I started to feel the clench of her pussy on my cock. “That’s it, baby, cum for me. Cum for only me.”
Her cunt held my cock in a vise grip, and I watched as Avery’s beautiful body started convulsing under me. I didn’t let up, though. I continued to fuck her through her orgasm. I wanted her so spent that I’d have to carry her out of here. If that sonofabitch was still out there in the club, I wanted him to see her thoroughly fucked and leaving with me. And I didn’t care if that made me a world class asshole. Eric wasn’t getting near her ever again if I could help it.
I let go of her hair and removed my hand from her mouth. I took both her hips in my hands and held onto her with enough force to leave bruises. I pulled her back to me each time I pushed forward and the forced was enough to make me bottom out in her fucking womb.
I could feel the tingle start at the base of my dick, alerting me that I couldn’t hold off much longer. I needed one more orgasm out of her, though, before I could give in. I wasn’t kidding about wanted to carry her out of here. “Give me one more, Imp,” I urged.
“Don’t stop, Nicholas. Please…” She started pushing back on her own and I knew she wanted to reach her peak just as badly as I wanted to get her there. “Harder, Nicholas. I need it harder.”
I wasn’t sure how I hadn’t cum instantly at her words, but I was grateful that I hadn’t. Now that she was fucking me back, I ran my hands from her hips underneath her to cup both her tits in my hands. I squeezed the fuck out of her soft handfuls, and when she brought her back to my chest to give me better access, I latched onto her shoulder and sank me teeth into her delicate skin. I didn’t let go until she was creaming all over my dick.
“Nicholas!” she screamed, and it was enough to bring me over the edge. Everything I was feeling for this woman rocketed through my body and I emptied everything I had inside her. And even though I was spent, I didn’t stop thrusting into her perfect body until my dick started going limp.
With the help of our releases, my deflating cock finally slipped out, and I rested my forehead on the middle of her back until I could catch my breath. A few seconds later, I pulled away from her, put my cock away, then zipped myself up. Once I was done putting myself half-ass back together, I leaned down to pull Avery’s panties and jeans back up. She was still strewn across the boxes, and I let out a very satisfied chuckle at knowing she was truly spent.
I ran my arms underneath her body and lifted her towards me, holding on to her as I turned her around. Her eyes were still closed as she let me hold her limp body to mine. “Imp?”
She fluttered her eyes open, and it felt as if I had been punched in my chest by a wrecking ball. Her hair was a tangled mess and she had mascara running down her face. Her cheeks were flushed, and her lips were swollen. There was already a little bruise starting to form on her lip from where I had bitten her. Her blouse was a sweaty, wrinkly mess and it was even torn a little at the neck.
She had never looked so beautiful.
Avery was a mess because she just finished letting me own her and what was more beautiful than that? It was like when a woman gained weight after giving birth. All she saw was the extra weight she’s gained while all her man saw was the miracle that was her body. How could a man not worship a body that grew and nurtured his child, no matter the size? That’s how I felt right now, revering in the privilege of the mess that she was.
“Let’s go.” I didn’t give her a chance to argue. I just wrapped my arms around her shoulders and held her to me as I led her back to the club floor. We were making our way back towards the booth where Chase, Julian, Quinn, and Isabella still sat, but thankfully, there was no sign of Eric or his friend.
I didn’t waste any time once we reached the table. “We’re leaving.”
The guys just nodded their head like it had already been a forgone conclusion. Isabella gave me a small smile while Quinn gave me the stink-eye. Again. “Is that what’s happening, Ace?”
Avery didn’t say anything, but I felt her nod her head against my chest. No one said anything about the state she was in, but at this point, we were all pretty open about what happened when she and I got together. Her and her goddamn fantasy.
I sheltered her as much as I could because, even though our friends knew what we were about, these strangers surrounding us didn’t need the impression that she was a club slut. We were almost out the front door when I caught Eric looking at us from the bar. I had to hand it to him, he didn’t break eye contact when our eyes met, and while there were fifty different ways that I could handle this, I simply kissed Avery on the top of her head as I eyed Eric.
He finally looked away, and the next minute, Avery and I were outside waiting for a cab.
I gave the cab driver Avery’s address, and when she didn’t protest, all I could think was that if she had any idea what I planned to do to her tonight, she would protest.
Protest and run like hell.
Good thing she didn’t know.
Chapter 21
Pride: Because I didn’t make it all this way to let someone break me now.

Nicholas~
We hadn’t uttered a word to each other at all during the cab ride, and it wasn’t until she was fumbling with her keys that I realize she was nervous. Now that she’d come off her high, no doubt she was back to being mad at me. But I didn’t care. I’d take whatever she wanted to give me as long as it wasn’t indifference.
She finally got the door unlocked and as she turned the knob to open the door, I crowded her with my chest, making us cross the threshold together. There was no way in hell I was going to give her the chance to slam the door in my face.
Before she could say a word, I had her back up against the door with my mouth swallowing her gasp of shock. Her fingers got lost in my hair and she started kissing me back. I could admit that I didn’t care what her motivation was. I was just glad she was giving back.
I’d only been to her apartment twice; the first night we met when I put her to bed and the night we fought over Katrina. It wasn’t enough for me, though She was imprinted all over my house and office. I could hardly sleep or sit at my desk without images of Avery laid out before me, assaulting my brain. I wanted to do the same to her. I wanted her apartment flooded with memories of me in it.
I stepped away from her and pulled my shirt up over my head. She leaned against the door and silently watched as I undressed myself. I locked her pewter eyes to my brown ones and her tongue darted out, licking her lips as I pushed my jeans and underwear down, freeing my already hard cock.
Her blouse was already torn, so it took no effort at all to reach out and tear the soft fabric in half. She was breathing so hard that I thought her tits were going to pop out of her dainty, green bra.
We stood like that for a few seconds just staring at each other. Her still looking a mess, but now with her shirt torn in half down the middle, and me half-dressed with my dick hard and begging for her.
I finally reached out, then wrapping as much of her hair around my fist as I could, I used that hold on her to push her to her knees. I was going to cram my cock down her throat until she swallowed me whole.
She maintained eye contact with me the entire time she was lowering herself onto the floor. It wasn’t until her knees made contact that she took in the sight in front of her. She wrapped her small hand around my dick, and even when she squeezed it, she still couldn’t make her fingers connect. I closed my eyes at the grip she had on my cock. She wasn’t the only one who liked it rough.
I thrust my hip forward, the tip of my dick kissing her lips. “Suck my cock, baby.”
She moaned around the hardness of my dick as she took it down her throat immediately after my request. She circled the base of my cock with her hand, preventing me from feeding her my entire length. Her eyes were already watering, and I was hitting the back of her throat as it was.
I tightened my hold in her hair and started to fuck her face. Avery let go of my dick and placed her palms flat on my thighs, trying to provide some resistance, but it didn’t work. I continued to shove my dick in her mouth until I could feel the flexing of her throat muscles trying to accommodate me.
I wish I could say I lasted hours and that she sucked my dick until her jaw locked, but that wasn’t what happened. The second she lifted her eyes to mine and I saw the stream of tears flowing down her cheeks, I shot my load so hard down her throat that I almost passed out.
Every man had his kryptonite and I had just discovered mine.
Her tears.
I was pretty sure her tears will forever bring me to my knees.
She swallowed every drop I forced her to take, and when she was done, I reached down and hauled her up by her shoulders. I was the one who just came, but it was she who was trembling. I stood there with my now limp dick out as I finished undressing her completely. I needed her naked. When I was done, I made quick work of removing the rest of my clothes.
I lifted her up and wrapped her legs around my waist as I led us to the couch. I wasn’t in a hurry to get to the bedroom. I wanted to fuck her on her couch, on the kitchen counter, in the shower, on her bed, and against every wall in this fucking place. By the time I was done here, she’d have to move in order to escape me.
I sat down on the couch and positioned her to straddle my cock. I ran my hands up her ribcage until I had both her tits in my hands. Her nipples were hardened peaks and they were begging for my lips, my tongue, and my teeth. I held her full mounds up in an offering and wrapped my mouth around as much of her as I could.
Avery threw her head back, pushing her tits out farther into my face. Every inch of her body tasted like euphoria. I alternate between sucking on her hard nipples to biting them. I didn’t have enough hands, mouths, or cocks because I wanted to do everything to her all at once.
I could feel my dick starting to stir again and almost busted out a chorus of Hallelujah. Avery must have felt it, too, because she started rubbing her drenched slit back and forth over my length. She whimpered every time the head of my dick bumped that hot, little clit of hers.
I slid one of my hands, palm up, in between her spread legs and started rubbing her pussy from clit to hole. She began sliding back and forth over my fingers with more urgency. I knew she needed to be filled. “Tell me what you need, Imp. You need my fingers? Do you want to ride my hand?”
“Yes. Anything, something, whatever, Nicholas. Just make me cum,” she begged.
I instantly filled her with three of my fingers. “Oh, God…oh, God…” She started moving her pussy up and down on my fingers searching for her climax. “It’s not enough, Nicholas.” Avery brought her head up and rested her forehead to mine. “It’s not enough…please,” she whispered.
This was what I needed from her. I needed her begging for me and only me. I removed my fingers, grabbed her by the waist, then lifted her, so that I could slam her back down on my cock. She dug her fingers into the tops of my shoulders, threw her head back, then let out a scream so piercing that her voice broke.
Her fucking voice broke.
And it made me feel as if I were the only man on the planet.
I knew the whole idea was for her to ride my cock, but I couldn’t control myself. I lifted my hips, driving my dick into her tight cunt every time she slammed back down on me. “Come on, baby. Ride my cock.” I held onto her hips and tried to bury myself into her as far as was humanly possible. “Take my cock, Imp. Fuck yourself on my dick.”
She was a vision of everything my life needed to be. She was so drenched in sweat that most of her makeup was already gone. Her black hair was an even darker mass of silk, clinging to her face, neck, and shoulders in wet sweat. The only thing missing from her perfection were all my marks that had faded from her body.
Avery removed her hands from my shoulders to cradle my face in her hands. “Nicholas, make me cum again,” she barely managed to squeak out. She really had lost her voice.
I became drunk off the faith she had in me to bring her to ecstasy. Grabbing her by her hips, I lifted her up off my cock. She was momentarily disoriented, not grasping what was happening, but when she found herself being flung over the back of the couch, she caught on immediately. I had her bent over, ass up and pussy open for my violation.
She was so wet that my cock easily found its way in her soft, sweet hole. I dug my fingers into her hips and held her steady as I plowed into her, and I wasn’t going to stop until she got the orgasm that she begged me for.
“Avery, baby, your pussy feels so good. Your tight cunt was made for my dick.” It was. It really, really was. All I could hear were low moans and cracked whimpers.
I pulled out of her pussy and replaced it with two of my fingers. I curled them inside her, scooping up as much of her sweet cream as I could. Once I was satisfied my fingers were wet enough, I slid my cock back into her wetness and I went to work on filling her ass with my fingers. I knew this wasn’t something she was used to, but I remembered very clearly how she had exploded all over me in my office the first time I double penetrated her in both her holes.
It took only three thrusts of my fingers inside her ass before she was cumming all over my dick. I wanted in her ass, but the grip her pussy had on my cock felt so incredibly good that I couldn’t bring myself to pull out.
My climax snuck up on me, but before I could empty myself inside her, I pulled my cock out and shot my nut all over her back, ass, and pussy. I pumped my cock vigorously, forcing every last drop out of my pipe, making sure she was covered with everything I had.
She remained limp over the back of the couch, and while I came down off my peak, I began massaging my mess into her skin. It didn’t matter than I was going to take her in the shower next and she’d be washed clean. That didn’t take away from the point I was making by doing this.
I lifted Avery up off the couch and sat her on the edge of the back rest. She ran her hands up my stomach, over my chest, and then settled them on each side of my ribs. She leaned forward and dropped her forehead to rest on my sternum.
I ran my hands up and down her back, and looking down over her at this angle, I was able to see the mark I left on her from when I had bitten her at Xavier’s.
How sick was it that the sight turned me on?
She lifted her head to look at me. “Nicholas….”
Her voice was still weak, and I realized I must be more of an insecure bastard than I had originally thought when I found myself relishing in the knowledge that I made her scream that hard.
“What, baby?” She sounded so exhausted that I didn’t have the heart to tell her that I wasn’t done with her. Besides, she was going to find out soon enough once we got into the shower.
“I need a shower,” she complained.
I barked out a laugh. “I think we could both use one.”
“No. I mean a real one. Like wash-my-hair-scrub-my-body-clean shower.” She dropped her head back down on my abs.
I placed my hand under her chin and lifted her head with my finger. “I promise you, you’ll be washed and scrubbed clean, baby.”
I carried her to the bathroom where I proceeded to wash and scrub her clean before I dropped to my knees and ate her squeaky-clean pussy. After taking her up against the shower wall, we finally made it to her bedroom.
I spent all night fucking her into exhaustion and it wasn’t because I was a stallion in bed. It was pure desperation that had led to me fuck her until I had nothing left to spew inside her. Tonight, I had set out to make her just as addicted to me as I was to her, and I was doing my best to make that a fact.
I didn’t succumb to fatigue until four in the morning when my dick finally waved his white flag. However, I didn’t think it really mattered since I was pretty sure Avery had passed out on me while I had still been fucking her this last time.
As I drifted off to sleep, it occurred to me that I had taken her everywhere in the apartment, except the kitchen.
Breakfast was going to be epic.

*****

Avery~
I woke up feeling like I had been run over by a Mac truck and guilty as a bible-thumpin’ adulterer. I couldn’t even blame my weakness on too much alcohol. Three beers hadn’t been enough to blame anything on.
I had wanted Nicholas.
I still did.
But sometime during our sex-a-thon last night, I realized that I more than wanted him. I had more than fallen for him. In three ridiculous weeks-one which consisted of us not even speaking-I had fallen romance-book-romantic-comedy-Titanic-The Notebook in love with him. I had fallen in love with a man who thought it was reasonable to have a naked woman in his office and believed there was no need to explain why.
I fell in love with a man in two goddamn weeks.
I forced myself to get out of bed, and after going pee and brushing my teeth, I headed to the kitchen for some much-needed coffee. I couldn’t remember exactly what time I had passed out, but I knew nine in the morning was way too early to be awake.
I hadn’t bothered with brushing my hair or getting dressed. I simply tied my hair up in a scrunchie and wrapped myself up in the robe I kept hanging behind the bathroom door. My body ached so badly that I was sure it would have revolted had I tried to put any real clothes on.
I was just taking my first sip of coffee when I heard Nicholas’ feet shuffling from the bedroom. I turned around and the sight of him, shirtless and barefoot with just his jeans on, made my heart drop to my stomach.
I was in love with this man, and it wasn’t the good kind of love. It was the kind of love that made me want to forgive him anything. It was the kind of love that had the power to make me devalue myself. It was the kind of love that would have me giving him everything I had while he didn’t need to give me anything in return.
I could feel the pressure start behind my eyes and I looked down into my cup of coffee, hoping I could find the strength I needed in this little mug that I held in my hands.
Nicholas sauntered into the kitchen, opened the right cupboard on the first try, and grabbed a mug to pour himself some coffee. He leaned over and kissed the side of my head as he poured his coffee. Unfortunately, with all the things that had been running through my head, I instinctively flinched, and it hadn’t gone unnoticed.
He took a step back from me and dropped his cup on the counter with a little more force than necessary. “Alright, Imp,” he sighed. “Let’s get this over with.”
My hands tightened around the mug-and FYI-there was no additional strength at the bottom of coffee mugs. At least, not mine. “You didn’t really think sex was going to magically make everything okay, did you?”
“One could only hope,” he muttered under his breath.
I was irritated enough by his cavalier attitude to finally face him head-on. “Well, it didn’t. All it did was make this more complicated.”
“What’s so complicated about this?”
“I can’t keep up with the mixed signals, Nicholas. This whole thing is confusing me,” I clarified.
Apparently, he needed coffee fortification as much as I did because he picked up his mug again and took a drink before replying, “What mixed signals?”
I put my cup down and wrapped my robe tighter around my body. The mug failed me, but maybe the robe had some secret powers I could draw from. I sighed. “Nicholas, when you’re in character-”
“When I’m in what?” he interrupted with his eyebrows drawn upwards in a what-the-fuck.
Talking about this stupid fantasy of mine while I was stone-cold sober or not under the influence of lust was embarrassing as hell. “When you’re catering to my fantasy and playing the role of my dream alpha male, I find that I’m getting too caught up in-”
Nicholas held his palm up in a motion to stop what I was saying. “Let me stop you there, Imp. The only time I’m in ‘character’, as you put it, is when you say no and I continue, regardless. It is only in those few seconds that none of this is real because I would never take any woman against her will. The rest of it is me. What you see is what you’re getting, Avery.”
“The only thing I’m getting from you is sex, Nicholas. So, if that is what this is, then I just need some clarification on that. You said you wanted to be exclusive, but then, days later, I find you with another woman. You say two weeks of ‘slam sessions’ don’t obligate you to tell me anything about yourself, but then you get upset at seeing me with Eric.” He had the grace to flinch when I mentioned the slam sessions, but other than that, he wasn’t reacting to anything else I was saying. “You can’t exercise boyfriend rights at the same time that you’re making it clear that I’m just here for you, so you can get your dick wet. Those mixed signals.”
Nicholas had a great poker face. His face was devoid of any emotion that I could see. I wouldn’t be surprised if I had bored him enough to go off and start daydreaming. I shook my head, ready to ask him to leave, when he finally spoke. “Her name’s Katrina Alonzo.”
My whole body froze at his words. I had wanted him to explain her away so badly before, but now that he spoke her name, my heart was aching, listening to him talk about a woman he used to sleep with. I just nodded my head like a fool, trying to find the right questions. “H…how…uhm, how long did you guys date?”
He set his mug back down on the counter and ran his hands through his hair and down his face. If I didn’t know better, this conversation seemed painful for him. God, he must have loved her a lot. She probably broke his heart and that’s why he didn’t want to talk about her. “I never dated her.”
“Huh-what?” Now I was confused.
“She grew up in the same neighborhood as Julian, Chase, and I did. We all had our issues growing up poor, and…uh, the way we did. We all coped differently. Some kids turned to crime, some to drugs, some to violence, and some to sex. Katrina’s choice of mental freedom had been sex. Almost every boy on the block lost his virginity to her, including me.”
“When was the last time you slept with her?” Even if it was just sex, the idea that he had been seeing this woman for over ten years gutted me.
“I was seventeen the last time I was with her, and the last time I saw her was when I was nineteen and Julian, Chase, and I had gone back to Oakland to move Chase’s mom and brother to their new home.” Either he was telling the truth, or he was a consummate liar. His gaze never faltered, and he didn’t look away once as he was explaining his ties to this woman.
“What was she doing in your office with her clothes off after ten years?”
“What does it matter? I already explained who she is and who she isn’t. How many times do I have to tell you that nothing happened before you fucking believe me, Avery?”
And herein lied the problem that, apparently, only I could see. “I don’t understand why you won’t tell me why she was there?”
“Because it doesn’t fucking matter!” Nicholas slammed his hand down on the counter. “Jesus, fuck, Avery! Does this mean every time some random bitch hits on me, I’m going to have to give you a run down on the who, why, what, and where?!”
“You know what, Nicholas, you got a hell of a lot of fucking nerve,” I seethed. “It’s unreasonable for me to ask you why this woman came to see you, but you had no problem asking why Eric was at a public place of business?”
“That’s different,” he spat. “I hadn’t seen Katrina in over ten fucking years. You were spreading your legs for Eric not six goddamn months ago!”
“You no good sonofabitch,” I hissed as I grabbed the loose ends of the belt to my robe, pulling tighter, hoping it would keep me from wrapping my hands around his throat. “I was not spreading my legs for Eric like I was just his street corner whore. Eric was my fucking boyfriend. I dated him for almost two years. Two years.”
“Exactly my point,” he fired back. “Katrina is far from the threat that Eric is.”
“Eric isn’t a threat!” I yelled. “Eric isn’t a threat because I’m not a goddamn cheater and you’re not my goddamn boyfriend!” I couldn’t do this any longer. I needed to get dressed, get him the hell out of here, and then go cry to Izzy and Quinn. So, I took off to the bedroom and left him standing in the kitchen.
Or at least, I thought I had until I heard his footsteps right behind me. “Don’t fucking walk away from me, Avery. We’re nowhere near done with this conversation.”
I started grabbing clothes out of my drawers. “No, I’m pretty sure we’re done here, Nick. You know your way out.”
Before I even got the last word out of my mouth, I was being spun around as Nicholas pulled on my arm. “What did you just call me?”
I was thrown off by the stillness in his voice. He hadn’t yelled out his question and that put me on edge. “I said we’re done here and that you can find your own way out.”
Still keeping my upper arm hostage, Nicholas shook me a little. “I heard that part. It’s what you called me that I’d like you to repeat.”
“Nick?” This was the first time I’ve ever called him Nick, but as small as it may seem, he needed to be Nick to me right now. My heart felt like it was being shredded to pieces. Nicholas was special to me, but Nick was just some random guy. Nick wasn’t special. Everyone called him Nick.
“So, I’m Nick now?” I had to hand it to him; he knew exactly what I was doing.
And because I was in the third grade, apparently…“That’s your name, isn’t it?”
He let go of my arm and the finality of it was soul crushing. “This is it, then?”
I willed myself to not cry. I willed myself to sound strong. “You won’t give me more and I won’t settle for less, so it seems so.”
I could only hope my face was as emotionless as his. He was giving me no hint to what he was thinking or feeling in this moment. I wanted him to say he’ll give me more. I wanted him to break down his walls to be with me. I wanted him to want me above everything else.
I didn’t get that.
Instead, I got my boss. “Well, Ms. Ellis, I hope we can still maintain a professional working relationship, and this won’t cause any undue conflict within SMA.” His beautiful brown eyes never left mine as he delivered that killing blow.
I wasn’t sure how I remained standing. The robe must have really had superpowers that were sustaining me because I didn’t know how I wasn’t a crying mess on the floor right now. I couldn’t disguise how I had to clear my throat before speaking, though. “It shouldn’t be a problem, Mr. Savage.”
The clenching of his jaw was the only reaction I got. He looked me over one last time, then walked out of my bedroom.
I didn’t move. I didn’t think I even breathed as I heard him rustling around in the living room, putting the rest of his clothes on. It wasn’t until five minutes after I heard my front door shut that I finally collapsed and gave in to the agonizing pain that was consuming my soul.
I didn’t know how long I sat on my bedroom floor and cried. I didn’t know how long it was before I called Iz and told her I needed her and Quinn immediately. I didn’t know how long it was before they showed up, and I didn’t know how long they held me as I cried.
I remember the girls making me eat something, and then I remember them putting me to bed. I remember waking up Sunday morning with them cuddled on either side of me in bed.
And now, as I laid in bed and prayed for sleep, even though I knew with sleep came Monday morning, I wondered how people survived this kind of heartache.
This must have been the feeling my mother had been trying to avoid fourteen years ago.
Chapter 22
Virtue: Because forgiveness is needed to heal.

Avery~
I wasn’t sure how I’ve managed it, but it’s been two weeks since Nicholas walked out of my apartment, and I’ve managed to still put in my hundred percent at work and give my all to the company party planning. Granted, the first couple of days I had continued to cry myself to sleep, but true to folk lore, it did get easier. It sucked, but it did get easier.
At any rate, tonight was the night of the company morale-boosting party. It will be the first time I’ve seen Nicholas since our blow out. That’s even if he was going to be there. I haven’t seen or spoken with Julian or Chase, and Quinn and Isabella have been really good about not mentioning any of the guys. So, I really was in the dark about what’s been going on with any of them three.
The party committee had wanted the party to have a relaxing vibe, so I had chosen to dress casual. I’d thrown my hair up in a messy bun because all this disaster later, I still loved me a messy bun. I had dabbed on minimal makeup and had paired a purple button-up with some black jeans and black ankle boots.
Isabella was Quinn’s plus-one, so I was going to cab it and meet them at the office. Since Q and I were on the committee, it had been agreed with the rest of the group that we’d be there an hour early to make sure everything was set up and ready to go at seven.
I arrived a little before six and I was fairly one hundred percent sure I was going to throw up all over the place as I rode the elevator up to the first set of conference rooms. Luckily, the elevator came to a halt without me hurling all over the walls.
It was the little things, I tell you. The little things.
As I made my way down the hall, I saw Q and Iz already in the conference room we had selected to house the bar. I had to laugh. “First thing, huh?”
Quinn took a drink of the beer that was already in her hand. “Hell yeah, first thing.”
I scanned the other rooms, and everything seemed in order. “Looks good.”
“Yeah. We all made a good team,” Quinn agreed.
The conference room walls were clear glass, so even though the rooms were separated, the glass radiated the feel of one big room. The seating and overflow rooms didn’t need to be monitored, but the team had agreed to rotate responsibilities of the other rooms, so that we could all join in on the fun. We’d only have to check on the bar and food every once in a while. The upstairs conference room should be hassle-free as well. It was just the DJ and dancing.
“This is going to be so much fun,” Isabella predicted. “Thanks for inviting me.”
Quinn snorted. “Puhlease. Like you wouldn’t have been Julian’s plus-one if I hadn’t invited you.”
Iz started laughing. “Still. I prefer to be here with you guys.”
I knew they were chewing at the bit. “Okay, you weirdoes, let’s go upstairs and check out the karaoke setup.”
They let out a squeal like the nerds they were as we headed towards the elevator. The ride was only one floor up, so it wouldn’t have mattered, but Quinn asked anyway. “You going to be okay, Ace, when they get here?”
No.
Hell. No.
I smiled at my friend. “It’s cool, Q. He’s not the first guy to break my heart. He most definitely won’t be the last, I’m sure.” Of course, he was the first guy to break my heart in a billion pieces, but I wasn’t going to argue semantics.
Ever the supporter, Isabella brought herself up tall. “The second it’s not cool, say the word, Avery, and we’ll bounce.” She gave me a pointed look. “I mean it.”
I loved my friends. “I’m good, ladies. Let’s just have a good time.”
We reached our floor and were greeted by the rest of the team once we entered the room. Everyone was talking excitedly about how great everything looked. We introduced Isabella to everyone she hadn’t already met at The Shack before going to check on the DJ.
It wasn’t until Quinn demanded her own personal karaoke song book that I felt the hairs on the back of my neck stand at attention. I called on all the strength I had to keep my attention on the DJ and Quinn’s demands of him. Isabella further confirmed my suspicions when she quietly whispered that she’d be right back.
Quinn darted a quick look at me. “Are you okay, Ace.”
“I’m fine, Q,” I reassured her. Maybe I needed a motivation button that read ‘I Am Not My Mother’. I was sure that would give me the strength and courage I needed to get through this thing.
She stink-eyed me, but then went back to bullying the DJ. Clearly, we had established the priority for tonight.
Isabella returned but she had Chase and Julian in tow. “Hey, ladies,” Chase greeted.
I turned to face them, hoping against all hope that I wouldn’t break down in tears. “Hey, guys.”
Quinn was still staring down the DJ as she addressed Chase. “Chase, will you please inform this gentleman that the terms in which we hired him state that I get my own karaoke book.”
Chase wasn’t a fool. “What’s in it for me, babe?” My ears perked up at the word ‘babe’. To my knowledge, Chase called all women sweetheart.
Quinn turned her stink-eye on Chase. “Seriously?”
He stepped up to her, enough to invade her space. “How badly do you want that book, Quinn?”
She narrowed her eyes at him. “What do you want?”
Chase crowded her even more, to the point of inappropriateness actually. It seemed as though he didn’t care that he was surrounded by his employees. “What I’ve always wanted. You.”
I stood here spellbound, watching them negotiate. “Fine,” she conceded.
Isabella, Julian, and I stood there in shock. Quinn and Chase were the only two who didn’t seem surprised by this turn of events. I knew there was something going on with those two idiots.
Chase turned to the DJ. “There’s an extra thousand-dollar bonus for you at the end of the night in cash if she-” He jerked his head towards Quinn. “-gets her own karaoke book.”
I started laughing when the DJ threw a book at Quinn so quickly that I was surprised he hadn’t conk her in the head with it. Chase turned and gave me a wink. “Have fun, ladies.”
And like the girls we were, I snatched Q by her arm. “Are you seriously going to sleep with Chase?”
Her eyes darted around, and she bit her lip before answering, “I seriously think I am.”
“What?” I was glad Iz blurted that question out at the same time I did. At the very least, I wasn’t the only one shocked stupid here.
Q shrugged a dainty shoulder. “Well, the more I think about it, the more I think that he might be a good choice for me. He’s a player. There isn’t a chance in hell that he’ll get caught up in anything emotional. He’s the perfect person to have no-strings-attached sex with.”
I wasn’t so sure. His rage had been real the night he’d seen Simon sitting next to Quinn at Xavier’s. “Q, he’s not asking for a quick fuck tonight. When he said he wanted you, he meant he wants all of you.”
She quickly changed the subject. “Look, people are starting to arrive. Let’s get this shindig started. Whatever happens with me and Chase, it’ll be fine.”
The good thing about the shock that I was suffering from Quinn and Chase’s little get together was that it helped me to forget about Nicholas. So, off we went, to mix and mingle.
I was able to avoid Nicholas by calculating when I would go check on the food, bar, and dance floor. The party was in full-swing, and everyone seemed to be having a great time. I found myself back on the dance floor after checking on the bar and taking a couple of shots, but mostly checking on the bar. Quinn and Isabella had already sung their fair share of songs and the DJ was doing a great job of leveling out the dance music and karaoke.
Much to my surprise, the DJ had decided to play a slow song, and because the universe clearly hated me, it was Gwen Stefani. When I went to run like the coward I was, I turned to find David blocking me. “Hey, Avery. How about a dance?” he asked me.
“Oh. Uh, I don’t know. I-”
He reached for my hand. “C’mon. It’s just a dance. I promise.”
One dance couldn’t hurt, right? Besides, I liked David. He seemed like a good guy.
I plastered a fake smile on my face and did my best to beam my answer. “Sure.”
David led me onto the dance floor, and I was happy as punch when I saw many other dancing couples on the floor. Admittedly, this was kind of taking me back to those middle school dances I used to attend, thinking I was going to find the boy of my dreams.
David took me into his arms, and he was turning out to be a good dancer. I tried to break my mind away from the lyrics of the song, but I couldn’t. This song was literally describing my internal hell. I found myself holding onto David tighter.
He leaned back and lowered his head a bit to get my attention. “Hey there, sweet girl, are you alright?”
I looked up at him and I could tell that he noticed the sheen glistening over my eyes. “I know this is odd as all hell, but without any questions and without any expectations, will you just hold me? Hold me like I matter? Hold me like I’m important?”
I must have sounded more unhinged than I thought because David didn’t ask any questions and there was absolutely no judgment in his eyes when he gave me a slight nod. He rested his chin on the top of my head and held me close as he led the dance.
God, it felt so good.
I didn’t care what any of those independent, man-hating women of the world said; nothing felt better than being wrapped up in the arms of a man. Except maybe being wrapped up in the arms of the man you loved. Better yet, being wrapped up in the arms of the man who loved you.
We finished the dance, and I was surprised I let him go. Poor guy probably thought he was going to need the Jaws of Life to escape my grip. David didn’t let me go completely, though. He held onto my shoulders, keeping me in place. “Stay right here. Don’t move.”
I stayed put…I mean, the man did let me cling to him all psycho-like. Plus, I was curious as hell to see what this man was about.
I watched as he went up the DJ, and after a lot of arm waving and what appeared like begging or praying, the DJ handed David the karaoke mic.
He cleared his throat, and then spoke into the mic. “Ladies and Gentlemen, please allow me to take over the stage. I’m warning you all now, I can’t sing to save my life. But sometimes a man’s gotta do what a man’s gotta do.” Our co-workers started hootin’ and hollerin’ and his vibe was joyously contagious.
Iz and Q made their way over to me probably wondering what the hell was going on as well. “What’s he doing, Ace?”
I shrugged my shoulders at Quinn’s question. “I have no idea.” And I didn’t, but that didn’t keep the smile off my face.
David pointed at me in true rock-n-roll fashion. “Avery Ellis, this is for you!”
The beginning bars of Bruno Mars’ Treasure came out of the speakers, and I couldn’t help the laugh that shook my body. I watched as he sang horribly off key and all I could think was that he was going to make someone a very good husband one day. The man must have sisters.
When he was done, the applause was deafening. He handed the DJ his mic back and jumped off the stage, making his way back to me. “You are a complete fool,” I exclaimed, but was still laughing.
He threw his arm around my neck. “C’mon, sweet girl. Let’s go get drunk.”
As he led me away, he threw his head back and extended the invitation to Q and Iz. “You two hot chicks coming with us or what?”
I could hear Quinn’s acceptance loud and clear. “Pfft, puhlease. Like we weren’t already.”
I never left the bar again that night. Not until it was time to shut her down.

*****

Nicholas~
Had it not been for the respect and love I had for Julian, Chase, and all that we’ve accomplished, I would have ruined everything we’ve worked our asses off for these past ten years.
When I had walked into the conference room/dance floor and had seen Avery with Quinn and Isabella talking to the DJ, I had wanted to drag her up to my office, so that we could talk. It’s been two weeks and I couldn’t describe in words the hollowness that’s been consuming me.
“You okay, man?” Julian asked. He and Chase both knew how fucked-up I was over ending things with Avery, and the one thing I never felt with either of these men was embarrassment. Growing up the way we had, self-perseverance had trumped embarrassment, always. So, I’d had no problem telling them what had gone down between me and Avery that Saturday morning. I also had no problem telling them that I had fucked up.
“Yeah, man. I’m good.” I wasn’t, though. I really, really wasn’t.
Julian was spending most his time caught up with Isabella, and Chase was being Chase and making the rounds. Meanwhile, being the sad sack that I was, I was spending all my time looking around for Avery. I knew she was part of the party committee and had to check on the food and drinks, but a part of me was hoping she was avoiding me. Because if she was, then that meant she still felt something for me and that meant not all was lost. At least, not yet.
I was surprised when the DJ started to play a slow song in his rotation, but my entire body turned cold when I saw Avery walking, hand-in-hand, out onto the dance floor with that guy, David, who she had worked with on the committee.
I immediately felt Julian and Chase flank my sides, but I couldn’t tear my eyes away from watching Avery in the arms of another man.
“It’s just a dance, Nick.” Julian’s words did nothing to calm the storm that was threatening to destroy me.
“It’s a party, Sav. It’s all just in good fun,” Chase added.
I knew they were only trying to help, but considering that Chase had lost his shit at Xavier’s just because some dude was sitting next to Quinn, and Julian would obliterate any man who dared touch Isabella, their words weren’t really sinking in. I stood there like a masochist and watched as David pulled Avery tighter into his body.
And she sank into him.
They weren’t dancing anymore. They were holding onto one another.
Two weeks.
All it took was for her to be free of me for two weeks and she was already in the arms of another man.
In front of me, no less.
I knew I wasn’t being fair. Avery had made it clear what she wanted from me, and I had made it clear that she wasn’t going to get it. She was doing what any normal person would do. She was giving someone else a chance to give it to her. I guess it was too much to ask that she spend the rest of her life pining after me because, if the way I was feeling right now was any indication, odds were that I’d be spending the rest of my life pining after her.
“What the fuck is he doing?” Chase’s voice sounded a little incredulous. “Is he going to sing to her?”
Clearly, because the dance hadn’t been enough to tease the edges of my sanity. Now I had to stand here while that sonofabitch sang to her.
And she was laughing.
He had her full attention, and she was laughing.
Avery was actually happy.
She was standing there with her best friends, being serenaded by some asshole, having a fan-fucking-tastic time.
“Nick, man, it’s not too late. Go talk to her,” Julian insisted.
“Fuck that shit, Sav. Go kick his fucking ass and don’t give her a choice.” I had to admit, Chase’s idea sounded more appealing.
Every molecule in my body that made me male wanted to go snatch her up and drag her off away from every other penis around her. The only thing that kept me from doing it was how I clearly recalled telling her that I hoped things could remain professional between us at work.
God, I was such a fucking idiot.
I took in the scene of him jumping off the stage and throwing his arm around her shoulders. And I stood there like a chump, doing nothing, as he led her out of the room. I noticed Quinn and Isabella following behind them, but that did nothing to calm the inferno blazing in my blood.
I hadn’t felt this helpless since I was ten.
“What do you want to do, Nick?”
I tore my gaze away from the door and regarded Julian. “What do you mean?”
He shrugged one shoulder. “Carson’s a ruthless enough lawyer. He can plead you down to misdemeanors if you want to go kick his ass. We can also shut this party down, so you can cripple him without witnesses.” Julian tilted his head and raised his eyebrows. “I’m down with whatever you need to do to make this right.”
We’ve always teased about Carson getting us out of jams, but the truth was that he was a corporate attorney. I didn’t think there was much he could really do for us if we ever did actually get into legal trouble. However, if the past few weeks were any indication, I was thinking we should probably start retaining an actual criminal attorney from his firm.
These females were driving us bat shit crazy.
Most people thought it was only women who needed those sacred confidants, but men needed them, too. Not a lot of people could say this, but I knew, without a doubt whatsoever in my soul, that if I ever called Julian and Chase in the middle of the night, confessing to murdering someone, they would show up wherever I was with tarps and shovels.
I shook my head. “Nah, I’m good, Julez. I told her I hoped for a professional relationship while we were at work. It wouldn’t be a good look if I went after them and acted a fool now.”
Chase ran his hands through his hair. You would have thought it was Quinn with someone else. “I don’t know how you’re doing it, Sav. I’d be embarrassing all of us right now had it been Quinn.” So, the flipside to that tarp and shovel friendship coin was that you got friends who support your madness unwaveringly. Things got sketchy when no one was the voice of reason anymore.
Julian huffed. “Embarrassing us? Fuck, this place would look like the prom scene from Carrie if it was Isabella.”
These motherfuckers.
“You guys are not helping. I’m doing everything I can to keep myself and this company from becoming a disastrous YouTube video, and you guys are both basically calling me a fucking pussy. Fuck my life and fuck the two of you.”
Chase let out a breath. “Okay, let’s look on the bright side. You obviously aren’t in love with her or else that dude would be having to drink his food through a straw for the rest of his life. So, you just need to give it a couple of more weeks and I’m sure you’ll be fine.”
Julian seemed to agree. “Look, Nick, I hate to say it, but Chase is right. If you really cared about Avery, I can’t see you letting shit go down like this.”
Love.
Fuck, how would I even know if I was in love? The only people that I’ve ever loved in my life I could count on one hand: Chase, Julian, Teresa, and Kane.
So, what the fuck did I know about love?
Love meant something different to different people. Chase’s dad’s definition of love had been to beat and cheat on his wife, but his mom’s definition of love had been to forgive her husband and stand by him. Well, at least, until Chase hadn’t given her a choice anymore. Even with Avery’s family, her father’s definition of love had been to cheat and leave his wife, but her mother’s definition had been to forgive and take him back.
What the fuck was love?
I didn’t even know if Julian was in love with Isabella or just unstably obsessed with her. Obsession didn’t equate love. Chemistry didn’t mean love. Attraction, humor, compatibility…none of those things meant love.
Maybe what I was feeling was just disappointment over something that had felt so seemingly right and carefree turning out to be fucked-up and complicated.
There was only one way to find out. “I’m going to take off.”
“Dude, what, how?”
“It doesn’t matter what I’m feeling for Avery. I’m not going to hang around here and subject myself to this bullshit. She’s downstairs getting drunk and having a good time with some dude. I’m not going to remain up here and wait for them to grace me with another slow dance.” I clapped Chase on the back. “I’m going to Xavier’s or to The Box Top or to the first fucking bar I see, pick up a hot piece of ass, then fuck Avery out of my system.” I jutted my chin towards the door. “I’m not going to be sleeping alone tonight if she’s not.”
I strode out of the room before either of them could talk me out of it or cheer me on. Fuck this shit. I may not have been willing to give Avery my past, but I’d been willing to give her what I had now. It wasn’t my fault she hadn’t been satisfied with that.
I hailed a cab and told the driver to take me to the nearest bar he knew of. I didn’t care if it cost a thousand dollars to get through the door or if it was a broken-down dive that served shit drinks. My only purpose was to get shitfaced drunk and sink my dick into some nameless, faceless female that would result in no complications.
The cab pulled over in front of a placed called Cy’s Skye. I paid the fare and made my way through the bar’s front doors. The place looked like a drinks-after-work hangout. It was decorated in dark hues and there was a circular bar in the center of the room. Random booths and table occupied the outline of the room and there was no stage or dance floor to speak of. This place was strictly for drinking and bullshitting.
Exactly what I needed.
Scanning the room, I went over to sit at the bar. I decided I needed a few drinks under my belt before I started looking for some pussy.
The bartender made his way over. “What can I get you?”
“Johnny Walker Blue with a side shot of whatever top shelf tequila you have.” I was already hanging my suit jacket over the back of the bar stool and getting comfortable.
“Coming right up.” He went off to make my drinks. 
I downed the shot as soon as he put the drinks in front of me. Looking up at the bartender, I instructed him to keep them coming. I was still pissed and reeling from the images in my head of Avery dancing with David and the self-imposed conclusion that she was probably going to go home with him tonight when a sexy, hot blonde sat down in the empty bar stool next to me.
“I haven’t seen you in here before.” Her introduction was cliché bar talk and I tried not to be annoyed because her type was the reason I was here, but I was. Having spent the past few weeks in the company of Avery, Quinn, and Isabella, I was used to women with unique personalities, not mass-produced airheads.
But because I needed to fuck Avery out of my system, I played along. “My first time in here and it looks like a good place to come and have a drink.”
She sent me a hook-line-and-sinker smirk. “I’m Natalie.”
I nodded. “Nick.”
She called out to the bartender. “Hey, Jake, can I get a Sex on The Beach?”
As he nodded at her request, I fought the urge to roll my eyes. Of course, she would order a Sex on The Beach. What else would she order?
She leaned in closer to me, rubbing her surgically enhanced breasts against my forearm. “So, Nick, why don’t we just cut to the chase like the adults we are?”
I leaned to the side to get a better look at her, and I raised a brow. “What chase would that be?”
“Well, there isn’t a ring on my finger, and I see there isn’t one on yours,” she said slyly. “So, what do you say to getting out of here once we finish up our drinks?”
She may have been your typical bar fly, but she was confident, sexy, and her face was done up to perfection. Still, she wasn’t Avery.
No one else would ever be Avery.
Remembering the night that I met Avery at Xavier’s and she asked me why I wasn’t wearing my wedding ring while hers was at the jewelers, I made my intentions clear to my new friend, Natalie, here. “Well, Natalie, the thing is that I don’t wear a ring because my wife trusts me so completely that I don’t need to.”
Hey eyebrows shot up at the mention of my fake wife. “Wife?”
“Yeah, wife.” I finished my drink and threw a hundred on the bar to cover her drink as well as mine. I stood, and as I put my jacket back on, I realized something. “See, Natalie, my wife is very aware that my obsession with her borders on the brink of madness, so the ring is irrelevant to her because she knows no other woman on the planet is her. She also knows that I’ll only ever want her.”
I signaled to the bartender that I was leaving, then I gave Natalie a wink as I left this stupid ass bar, leaving behind the stupid ass intentions I had earlier.
I just hoped I wasn’t too late to beg Avery to pick me instead of David.
Chapter 23
Virtue: Because love is a motherfucker.

Avery~
I was happy as hell I’d been able to step out of the cab without falling on my face. David hadn’t been lying when he said we were getting drunk. I still couldn’t believe how much we all drank. I also couldn’t believe how much fun I actually had.
Seeing Nicholas had me stripped raw, but between the girls and David’s dancing, singing, and drinking, I’d been able to manage through the depression.
When Chase and Julian had joined us at the bar, I realized Nicholas had left the party and the thought had started killing my buzz. That’s when I decided to leave as well. Everyone had been having such a great time that I had assured them that a cab was fine, and I had promised to text the girls the second I got home. However, the cab ride over had been proof enough that my buzz was still very much alive.
I shut and locked the front door behind me and pulled out my phone to text Q. Since I was firing off the text that I was home, my head was down, so I didn’t see the looming male figure coming from my bedroom until it was too late.
I looked up and let out a scream worthy of any horror flick. I whirled around to escape back through the front door, but I was hindered by the fact that I had already engaged the lock. I felt a body slam into my back, and then felt strong arms clasp my shoulders and drag me farther into the living room.
“Avery, stop!”
My struggling immediately came to a halt as I recognized the voice and my fear ebbed enough to allow me to focus on his face. “Eric?” I jerked myself out of his grasp. “What in the hell? What are you doing in my apartment scaring the ever-lovin’ shit out of me?!” I took some deep breaths, trying to calm myself down.
He scared the hell out of me.
He remained quiet and it didn’t take long before the hairs on the back on my neck started to stand on end. Whatever he was doing here, it wasn’t good. No longer screaming, I asked, “What are you doing in my apartment, Eric?”
“Where is it, Avery?”
“Where’s what?” I had no idea what he was talking about. I had set my purse down on the couch when I had walked in, but I still had my phone in my hand after sending off that text to Quinn. So, with phone in hand, I was trying to discretely dial Q’s number because I had a feeling this-whatever this was-with Eric wasn’t going to go well.
“Don’t fucking play with me, Avery. Where’s the box?” He was clenching his teeth and flexing his hands open and closed.
I needed to be smart about this. “Eric, I don’t know what you’re talking about. I swear.”
He reached out and snatched me up by my upper arm. “I’m not fucking around here.” He shook me to emphasize his point.
My heart started to beat frantically. “I don’t know what you’re talking about, Eric.” I started shaking my head. “I don’t have-”
I never saw it coming.
The blow to my face was backed by so much force that my upper body was propelled over the back rest of the couch, my phone flying across the room.
Before I could get my bearings, I felt him twist a chunk of my hair in his hand and he yanked me back on my feet. He leaned into my face, rage evident in every line in his face. “Now that I’ve made it clear that I am serious, where is the fucking box?”
I could feel blood trickling down the corner of my mouth. The right side of my face was already beginning to throb. “Eric, please. I don’t know what box you’re talking about.”
He regarded me with fury and desperation warring in his eyes. “Okay, I’ll humor you for now,” he smirked. “The day I packed up all the shit that I kept here, I left a shoe-sized box hidden inside that broken suitcase you never used.”
I shook my head, still confused and dazed. “Eric, what’s going on? What’s this about?”
The punch to my abdomen brought my legs out from under me in a pain so paralyzing that I would have fallen had Eric not still had a grip on my arm. “Avery, I will walk out this front door and never bother you again. I promise. All you have to do is tell me where that fucking box is?”
I tried to speak, but I found that my mouth was so dry that I couldn’t form any words. I didn’t bother to brush away the tears of pain streaming down my face. Pain and fear cemented their places in line before embarrassment and dignity. “Eric,” I croaked.
He let out a heavy breath. “Fine. Maybe if I explain, you’ll finally grasp how serious I am. It wasn’t just random pussy I was partaking in during those last few months we were together. Even though it was pussy I was after, it sometimes came with drugs and gambling.” He shrugged a shoulder as if to say that it was all a part of the lifestyle. “Anyway, I took some heavy losses and agreed to do some…uh, side work to come back even. That box is part of that side work, Avery.”
“It’s been months-”
“Yeah, yeah, yeah. It’s been months since we broke up, I know. I hid that box with the plan to pick it up within a week or two, but my...uh, handler found himself in a little trouble, so I had time on my side. That is, until a few weeks ago when he got out of jail.”
The pieces were starting to fall into place. “When you showed up at my work to take me to lunch.”
“Yeah. I had to find a way back into your apartment and I thought if I played it out like I wanted to get back together with you or that I wanted to be friends, I’d find my way here sooner or later. But that’s not working out fast enough for my friend.”
I could feel the blood caking on my lip as I asked, “What are you talking about, Eric? What’s in that box?”
“I crammed two-hundred-thousand dollars in that box, Avery.” He grabbed a hold of my chin and squeezed until I thought my jaw was going to pop. “So, you can see why I need that box, right, darlin’?”
Yep. I could totally see why he needed that box.
However, my only thought was of how he was going to kill me when I told him I didn’t have it. “Er-”
Using the grip on my chin, he shoved at me with enough force to throw me to the floor. I found purchase with my hands and scrambled my legs to stand, but he was on me before I could make any progress. He gave me a quick, swift kick to the stomach before hauling me back up by my arms. The pain from the kick had me doubled over, so I was no match for him as he dragged me to my bedroom.
Eric yanked open the door to the closet and started brushing off all the stuff stored on the top shelf. Random object fell over me like a waterfall, battering and bruising along the way. I let out a screech as my metal keepsake box rained down my face, cutting my skin open in a path of blood.
Once the shelf was bare of everything, Eric leaned down in my face and yelled, “Where’s the fucking suitcase, Avery?!”
It was time for the truth, and with it, the decision to fight or flight. Except for the times he was beating on me, he kept his hold on me tight, so I wasn’t sure how realistic my flight option was. That left fight. There was no way I could win against him, but I wasn’t going to go out like a pussy. “It’s gone.”
Another blow blinded me. “Where the fuck is it?!”
There was a good chance he was going to kill me. I mean, hell…this was two-hundred-thousand dollars we were talking about. A small part of me understood his insane desperation. “Eric, please, listen…please,” I begged. “The suitcase is gone. About a month after we broke up, Q and Iz came over and we cleaned out the apartment…sort of a new beginnings kind of thing. We threw out that suitcase along with everything else that was clutter or junk. I…I…do… don’t have the suitcase. It’s gone, Eric.”
I expected rage. I knew he was going to lose it when I revealed the truth. Still, I hadn’t expect blinding madness. He let out a ferocious roar before he wrapped both his hands around my neck.
Fighting it was.
I started screaming, hoping it would bring the attention of my neighbors, as I started bringing my fists to the sides of his face, using my legs to try to kick him anywhere I could land. However, Eric must have gotten tired of my fighting because he let go of my neck, and with one hand, clenched it into a tight fist and struck me as he would a grown man. My vision blurred and I went limp.
The next thing I knew, I was pinned to the floor as Eric yelled in my face, spittle flying everywhere. “I need that money, Avery!”
I couldn’t respond. I was focusing all my energies on fighting back. I turned my head, looking around for anything in the items that had been thrown from the closet that could help me bash this sonofabitch’s head in. I had to think here. Fighting blindly was no match for his strength.
And then he gave me an out. “This is what you’re going to do,” he snarled when I didn’t say anything. “You’re going to call your boss and tell him to bring you half a million dollars or else there’s not going to be anything left of you for him to fuck.”
I didn’t comment on the absurd amount of money he was demanding. I just tried to focus on his idea to call Nicholas; to call for help. “Okay,” I metered out. “I…I...need my ph…phone.”
I was silently thanking God for his lack of reason in allowing me to call Nicholas that I didn’t hear the commotion coming from the living room. I heard a bunch of cries and curses, and while I couldn’t make out what exactly was being said, I knew the female voices belonged to Q and Izzy.
And I had never felt such elated relief as I did when I finally found my focus enough to witness Julian pull Eric off me in a magnificent display of male rage and fury.
I felt Q’s arms engulf me as Iz sat down on the floor in front of me, holding my hands in hers, as tears poured down her beautiful face.
“We’re here, Ace. It’s okay, it’s okay.” Quinn kept chanting her reassurances over, and over again. I lifted my head to look past Izzy, and I could see that Chase was on his phone to 911 and Julian was killing Eric.
“Iz, Julian’s killing him,” I whispered.
I stayed conscious long enough to see Izzy throw herself at Julian to stop him, and as my adrenaline crashed, so did I.
My last thought was that I had the best friends ever.

*****

Nicholas~
I had just returned to the SMA building, hoping Avery was still here. It was almost midnight, so even if the party were over, the committee members would still be here cleaning up, I would think.
My phone rang before I reached the elevator. It was Chase. “What’s up?” There was a pause of silence on the other end. “Chase?”
“Nick, where are you?”
“I came to my senses before I could do anything I couldn’t take back. I’m back at the party.” It was then that I could hear voices in the background and…radios? “Wait…where are you?”
I could hear him take a deep breath. “I need to you to hear me out first, okay?”
Hear him out first? What the fuck? “What are you talking about?”
“Avery’s going to be okay. Nick, list-”
My entire body felt cold and hot at the same time. “What the fuck do you mean, Avery’s going to be okay?” I barked into the phone.
I could hear him pull away from the phone to talk to someone. “I’m speaking with her boyfriend…yeah…okay.”
“Chase!” I was already back out onto the sidewalk, flagging down a cab but having no idea where I was going.
“Nick, I’m at Avery’s. The police are here-”
“The police? Chase-” I stopped as a cab pulled over along the curb. I jumped into the cab, giving the driver Avery’s address, then promising him every bill in my wallet if he broke the speed limit and every traffic law there was to get me there as quickly as possible.
“We’re all here with her, Nick. But she needs you-”
I didn’t give him a chance to finish. “I’ll be there in three minutes, Chase. Three minutes. Tell her I’m on my way.”
“Alright, just hurry.”
The phone went dead as he hung up. Three minutes to some might seem like nothing, but when you were gripped in the throes of fear, three minutes were three minutes too long.
An eternity later, the cab approached Avery’s address, but the driver couldn’t pull up to her building entrance because it was being blocked by two police cars and an ambulance. I didn’t think my legs were going to work as I took in the scene. I was so consumed with the fear of the unknown that I was sure the cab driver was going to have to physically remove me from the vehicle.
It wasn’t until I saw Chase bounced down the steps that I was able to move. As promised, I threw every bill I had at the cab driver and jumped out of the car and ran towards Avery’s building.
As soon as Chase saw me, he grabbed onto my shoulders, intercepting me. “Sav, wait-”
I shot him an incredulous look and he instantly stepped around me, so that I could get through. I didn’t bother with the elevator. I ran up the three flights of steps and didn’t stop until I was pushed back into the hallway by a cop.
However, he hadn’t been able to push me back over the door’s threshold before I’d gotten a look at Avery surrounded by Q, Iz, and a couple of paramedics. “Sorry, sir-”
Luckily, before I could be charged with assault on a police officer, Quinn was by my side. “No, Officer, it’s fine. This is her boyfriend. Please, she needs him.”
Without a word, he stepped aside to allow me in. I made my way past everyone in the room to get to Avery. The paramedics were less than happy with me when I shoved my way in between them to see Avery for myself. “Excuse us, sir, but we need to tend to our victim.”
Victim.
What an agonizing word.
And Avery looked every bit the victim as I took in her appearance. Her face was a busted mess and there was blood on her shirt. Her hair was a tangled, matted disaster and her arms were covered in scrapes and bruises. She didn’t speak as I ran my gaze over her face and body, but the second she saw me standing before her, her eyes started overflowing with tears.
The female paramedic apparently had had enough of me, though. “Sir, kindly, move out of my way, so that I can see to her injuries.”
Injuries.
“Of course, unless you want her sitting here in pain and discomfort,” she snidely commented.
That brought me out of my stupor, and I stepped back, so that they could do their jobs. I walked over to where Julian was being questioned by a cop while Chase was on the phone talking to, whom I presume, was Carson. “What happened?”
The officer looked up from notepad. “And who are you?”
I stepped into his space. I gave two fucks that he was a cop. “I’m Avery’s boyfriend. Now will someone tell me what the fuck happened here?”
I felt a hand on my shoulder. “Nick, relax, man.”
Nothing Chase could say would relax me. “The only way I’m going to relax is if someone tells me what the fuck is going on!” I roared.
“What’s your name, sir?”
“Nicholas Savage.” I was gritting my teeth so hard that I was surprised he could understand me at all.
He nodded as he wrote my name down in his little notebook. Looking back up at me, he began to explain. “Well, it appears as if Mr. Anderson broke into Ms. Ellis’ apartment and attacked her when she walked in on him.”
When his words finally made sense in my mind, I scanned the apartment until I could see through the opened doorway of the bedroom, Eric handcuffed on the bed, being tended to by another paramedic. I made it as far as the other side of the bedroom door before I was brought up short by the two officers that had been guarding Eric while he was being bandaged.
“Calm down, sir, or I won’t hesitate to put you in cuffs as well!” Cop Number One threatened.
Chase was instantly by my side. “Nick, c’mon, man. Avery needs you. Julez already took care of that piece of shit.”
I closed my eyes as the weight of my failure threatened to push me to my knees. Julian saved Avery. It had been Julian who had rescued her. It was Julian who was her hero.
The officers let me go as they felt my body ease its resistance. I walked out of the bedroom, turning away from Eric before I went to jail. I imagined Eric’s injuries were the reason Julian was being questioned at length.
I stood in the center of all the chaos, taking in the disarray of her apartment, the cops, the paramedics, the girls, the guys, Eric, Avery…everything. Yet, there was only one thing clamoring around in my head. I had been sitting at a bar, getting hit on by some woman who’s face I couldn’t even recall, because I ignorantly believed that getting my dick wet by some stranger would solve all my problems. And all the while, Avery had been being attacked in her own home.
I had been ten-years-old that fateful day when I had witnessed just how poisonous my mother really was. I had ran all the way to Chase’s and had broken down and cried. That was the last time I could remember ever crying, but I felt like crying now. I spent years being bitter because the one woman who was supposed to love me had failed me, exactly like I had failed Avery.
Because I did love her.
I was vaguely aware of all that was going on around me. I was drowning in some seriously deep self-loathing. Chase snapped me from my thoughts when he asked, “Hey, you okay?”
“Is Julian going to be okay?” I’d only gotten a few glimpses of Eric, but I could only imagine the damage he suffered at the hands of Julian.
“Yeah, he’ll be fine. There’s no way that charges will be pressed. Not with how Avery looked when-oh, shit. Sorry, Nick. Fuck, I’m sorry.”
I welcomed the stabbing pain in my chest at his words. I deserved it. I deserved a lot more than Chase’s honesty. I saw the paramedics who had been working on Avery packing up their stuff. “I gotta talk to Avery.”
As the paramedics exited the kitchen, Quinn and Isabella noticed me approaching and silently joined the paramedics, giving me and Avery some privacy.
Fuck, I was scared.
My eyes held hers as I finally came to stand in front of her. She was sitting on one of the kitchen chairs, so I lowered myself onto my haunches to be closer to face level with her. I took inventory of her face and I wanted to kill Eric. I wanted to go into that bedroom and murder him. It took everything I had to not return to that bedroom and beat Eric Anderson to death.
Avery must have seen the struggle in my eyes because she reached out to take my hands in hers. I wasn’t sure how I was keeping it together. I lifted my hand and rested it against the side of her face that held the less damage. “Awe, Imp, what am I going to do with you?” Tears bubbled up in her eyes and spilled out uninterrupted, and because I was feeling like such an impotent failure, I asked the one question that would seal my fate. “Do you want me to kill him? Because I will if that is what you need from me, Avery.”
She jumped out of the chair and into my arms. Thankfully, I was quick enough to stand up as she flung herself to me. She wrapped herself around me so tightly that it was as if she were trying to fuse herself to my body. I wanted to drop to my knees in prayer and thank The Lord that it was me she was holding onto, even though I failed to protect her. She was crying in my arms and not Julian’s.
Julian who had been the one to save her.
I was already indebted to him and Chase for getting me through my past, but I didn’t know how I was ever going to thank him for saving my future. My arms were like steel bands wrapped around her and I was sure it was painful, considering her injuries. Still, she didn’t pull away from me and I couldn’t let her go. “I got you, Imp. I got you and I am never letting you go. Never fucking again.”
She finally spoke and wept my name, “Nicholas.” I blocked out everyone around us as I held her in my arms. Nothing else matter but this girl in my arms.
I wasn’t sure how long she cried in my arms, but our imposed bubble was burst open when the police approached us to inform Avery that they were taking Eric to the station and booking him on breaking and entering, trespassing, assault, false imprisonment, and a few other charges. The cops had to assist Eric as they hauled him from the apartment because he was such a mess. Julian had fucked him up so badly that he’ll probably have lifelong affects from the beating he had sustained. Good thing Chase had called Carson.
After all the cops and paramedics filed out, Quinn quietly started to straighten up. She got as far as putting the throw pillows back on the couch before she broke down and started crying. Chase gathered her up in his arms before the first tear reached her chin.
“I’m taking Avery to my house. She’ll stay with me until…she’ll just stay with me.” Avery just stayed in my arms, not arguing.
“Let me get some of her things together.” Isabella ran to the bedroom, then the bathroom before presenting me with a small carry bag stuffed full of some of Avery’s things.
“We’ll be back tomorrow to clean up this mess, so don’t worry about it,” Julian said.
“Thanks, Julez.” My voice cracked as I tried to express my gratitude to him. “Thanks for…I can’t…man-”
He clapped me on my back. “No need, Nick. There’s no need.”
Chase threw me his car keys and I just nodded numbly as I walked Avery out of the apartment. I got her settled in Chase’s car and we drove in silence to my penthouse. Once we got inside my house, I joined her in the shower in case she needed my assistance. That was when I got a full look at all the damage that had been done to her body and I was so engulfed in rage that I couldn’t stop the flow from my eyes, even if I had tried.
This time, she held me as I cried.
Chapter 24
Virtue: Because all I have is nothing if I don’t have you to give it to.

Nicholas~
I climbed out of bed the next morning as quietly as I could. Avery was still sleeping heavily next to me, and I didn’t want to wake her. The pain medications that the paramedics had administered last night warned of drowsiness, so I wasn’t sure what time she’d be waking up. 
If it were up to me, she wouldn’t wake up for a month until all signs of last night were gone from her body. I was most concerned about the slice that ran down her face, but I would fly in the best plastic surgeons in the world if that’s what she decided she wanted.
I was in the kitchen eating some fruit for breakfast and sending off texts to Isabella when I heard Avery clearing her throat. I looked up from my phone and my heart broke all over again at the sight of her bruises.
“Hey, baby.” I lifted my phone. “I was just texting Isabella. They’re all at your apartment putting everything back together as best they can.” I was nervous and I was pretty sure she could hear it in my voice. She nodded, then sat down on one of the bar chairs. “Are you hungry? Thirsty? Your body might have issues with the pain medication from last night, so it might be a good idea to get some food in you. I cut up some fruit and I have juice in the fridge, but I can go out and get you something else if you don’t want fruit. Or I can-”
“Nicholas,” she interrupted pointedly. I swallowed nervously waiting for her to tell me to take her home to her friends. “Fruit is fine and whatever juice you have is okay, too.”
I jumped to get her some juice and I was so anxious that I spilled it all over the counter. “Shit!” I placed the juice and fruit in front of Avery, then went about cleaning up the mess I just made. She was probably thinking how in the hell could I protect her if I couldn’t even pour some fucking orange juice.
When I was done, I turned to Avery and found her watching me with a small smile on her face. God, the sight made me weak. “Nicholas, I’m fine.”
I let out a humorless laugh. “Yeah, Imp, I can see that.”
She let out a heavy sigh. “Nic-”
“Don’t, Avery. Just…don’t.” I let her soothe me last night when the sight of her batter body had done me in, but today and the rest of the days of my life, I was going to be strong for her. That strength was going to start now with me ripping off all my personal scabs and bleeding for her.
Never letting my gaze waver, I gave Avery what she’s been asking of me. “My mother was a crack whore. Hell, she might still be. I don’t know because I haven’t spoken to her since I was eighteen and me, Chase, and Julian left Oakland.” Her face softened, but I didn’t stop, and she didn’t interrupt me. “We grew up in the worst parts of Oakland. The Deep East to be exact. The neighborhood is everything you hear about in the news, everything stereotypical about poor and violent inner-city hoods. My mother, Donna, and I….my mother and I came to an understanding when I was ten that she’d quit pretending to be a parent and that I’d just take care of myself.” The details of this story were hard to get out, but I did it. “I saw her with different men all the time, but I didn’t really know what it meant until, one day, I came home from school and walked in on a full-blown drug-fueled orgy going on in our living room.” Avery still didn’t interrupt, but I could see sympathy creeping into her eyes. “I ran all the way to Chase’s house because Chase’s mom was the only caring adult we had in our lives. From that day on, I spent as much time as I could at Chase’s.” Avery remained silent as I walked around the kitchen bar and took a seat next to her. “Katrina is a money runner for a guy we grew up named Federico Santiago. He’s into everything…drugs, gambling, extortion, whatever. He just your average well-balanced criminal. The day you found me with Katrina, she was there to inform me that Donna owed Santiago a couple of grand. For some unfathomable reason, Katrina thought I’d want a chance to pay Santiago, so that Donna could escape her debt unscathed.”
“And when you said no, she suggested another means of payment,” Avery concluded.
I nodded and continued with the old wounds. “If I didn’t want to clear out the debt in cash, I could clear it out in other ways, for old time’s sake.” Avery had stopped eating her fruit, so I took her hands in mine. I wanted her to feel my sincerity. “Avery, I am so sorry for how I…reacted that day. I panicked. I walked away from my past over ten years ago and I never looked back. I didn’t want any of it touching you, so I ushered you out of there before Katrina could ask any questions. I didn’t want her going back to Donna with any details about my personal life, but I really just didn’t want you tainted by my past. And believe me, Katrina, my mother, Santiago, all of that is my past, and it’s all very tainted.”
“Nicholas, you have to know that nothing about your past would change how I feel about you?” Her eyes were full of such naked love and honesty.
“C’mon, Imp, even you have to admit there was no way for me to know that. We’d only been seeing each other a couple of weeks.”
She wasn’t going to let me off that easy, as well she shouldn’t. “I understand that, Nicholas, I really do. Still, I told you about my parents. I let you see my insecurities and you disregarded them and treated my issues like they were ridiculous. Relationships aren’t just about what you do. They’re about how you make each other feel, and you made me feel like a random piece of ass.”
Even knowing that I deserved whatever she threw at me, it didn’t sting any less. “I’ll spend the rest of my days making it up to you. I promise. But I swear to you, Avery, you were never just a piece of ass. That night at Xavier’s when Julian told me you were one of our employees, therefore, I couldn’t pursue you, it made no difference to me at all. I was ready to have our lawyer on standby for whatever sexual harassment lawsuits you were going to throw at me.”
She let out a small laugh. “You guys did come on pretty strong. I chalked it up to being used to getting what you guys wanted. I mean, c’mon, Nicholas. You have to know the kind of havoc the three of you must create within the female population.”
Once upon a time, I may have been flattered by that, but not anymore. I didn’t want to wreak havoc on the female population. I just wanted to wreak havoc in the heart of this one woman. “I’m obsessed with you,” I blurted out, but the sound of her laughter was everything that was right in the world.
She grimaced. “Nicholas, don’t make me laugh.”
Shit.
“Oh, baby, I’m sorry…”
She waved away my concern. “It’s fine. I’m fine, honest.” She popped another piece of fruit in her mouth. “So, this obsession of yours….is it the healthy kind of obsession, like you think about me all the time and you miss me when I’m not around? Or is it the Julian over Izzy kind of obsession?”
“Somewhere in between, I think. Besides, have you seen Julian with Isabella? Whatever Julian feels for that girl, it goes way beyond obsession.” I didn’t want to share Julian’s business, but I felt that Avery needed a clear picture of what she was getting herself into. We were all seriously damaged. “After I told the guys what happened in my office with Katrina, Julian had panicked over Isabella’s reaction to it all. He was genuinely worried that Isabella was going to drop him over it. After all, she’s loyal to you just like he is to me. During all the commotion of the situation, Julian had made the comment that Isabella quieted his demons.”
“She calms him. I’ve seen it.”
“Avery, I need you to understand what I’m about to tell you because it’s the honest truth.” I searched her eyes to make sure she was hearing me.
“Okay,” she whispered.
“Julian’s not the only one who has demons. Chase and I are battered with them as well. SMA, the money, the success…they’ve help me live the life I want, but they’ve done nothing to eradicate the life I had. I want you.” I let out a smirked laugh. If I was going to be honest, I needed to be completely honest. “I want you forever, and before you argue that it’s too soon or this declaration is a result of the attack, it’s not. I knew I wanted to keep forever when having you meant more to me than putting Chase and Julian in a risky business situation. I was willing to ruin the reputation of SMA and drown Chase and Julian in lawsuits to have you.”
I stood up and grabbed Avery by her hips to sit her on top of the bar, so that we could be eye-to-eye. “I don’t believe in love at first sight, and the only love I’ve ever felt for anyone was that of the family kind. I love Chase, Julian, Chase’s brother, and his mother like they are from my blood.” I took her face in my hands as gently as I could. “But you, Avery. I can’t explain in words how much I love you, and I swear to you that I will never let anyone ever hurt you again. And I will never let you leave me again.”
Her tears started flowing again, but I didn’t bother to brush them away because it wouldn’t have done any good. They were flowing pretty freely. “I love you, too.”
It wasn’t enough.
Unless you’re a man, it’s hard to understand the feeling of emasculation when you failed to protect the woman you loved. I had her love, but I still needed her forgiveness. “What else?”
“Uhm…I need you?” She voiced this like a question, so I shook my head. “I…want you?” I shook my head at her answer again. “Nicholas, I’m not about to confess to worshipping you. Your ego is big enough as it is being the investment genius that you are,” she chuckled.
“I don’t need you to worship me, Imp. I need something bigger than that.” I stroked a finger over the cut that ran down her face as softly as I could. It was then that I could see she finally knew what I meant.
“Oh, Nicholas.” Avery placed her hand over mine, over the one that I ran down her face. “There’s nothing to forgive. You couldn’t have known Eric was going to lose his shit. None of us could have known. I dated the man for almost two years, and I would never have guessed he could do what he did or be involved in what he was. Nicholas, I don’t blame you for any of this. God, how could I?”
She wasn’t a man, so she didn’t understand. “Doesn’t matter, Imp. I need you to say it. I need you to convince me. I need your complete confidence in me.” I knew I sounded like a pussy, but I couldn’t look at her beaten face and not feel like one.
“Nicholas, if you need my forgiveness, then you have it. Just know that the only person to blame here is Eric. Just Eric.”
“Yeah, but-”
She stopped me. “Nicholas, how would you feel if I told you that I felt like all this was my fault?”
I immediately got heated. “That’s bullshit, Avery.”
“No, just hear me out.” She waited until I nodded my compliance. “I’m the one who invited him into my life by dating him. I’m the one who believed him when he apologized and said he wanted to be friends. I’m the one who still remained friendly with him, even though I knew better. So, does all that mean I’m to blame for this?”
I understood the point she was trying to make, and while it helped, it didn’t completely erase the guilt. “You made your point, Imp.”
“No one needs to feel guilty about this, Nicholas. I have no doubt Iz and Q are killing themselves over letting me leave the party alone.” She closed her eyes and took another deep breath. “Do you know how they knew I was being attacked?”
I didn’t know anything about what happened, other than Eric had attacked her and Julian had saved her. “No.”
“I had just sent Q a text that I made it home safely, so my phone was still in my hand the first time Eric struck me. Just before the phone flew out of my hand, one of my fingers hit the call icon and Q answered. She could hear Eric yelling at me, so she grabbed Iz, then rushed out of the party. Chase and Julian just happened to be with them, so that’s how they all ended up at my apartment.” The details were gutting me wide open. “Because I know Q and Iz, I know they were feeling terrified and helpless at having to actually hear me being attacked over the phone, knowing that at any moment they could be too late. I don’t want any of you guys feeling guilty or responsible for this.”
I stepped in between her legs and wrapped her up in my arms. “I love you, Imp.”
I left out the part where I was going to spend every cent that I had to make sure Eric spent the next twenty years in prison.

*****

Avery~
I couldn’t lie to myself. The attacked left me more of a mess than I was letting on. I wasn’t downplaying it because I thought anyone would judge me, I just didn’t want to let Eric win. The cut that ran down my face was going to be a daily reminder as it was, so I didn’t need to give him more of myself than I already had.
It was Sunday evening, and even though the gang had done their best to put my apartment back together, Nicholas hadn’t let me go home. I wasn’t complaining, though. All his pampering had me feeling like the Queen of Sheba.
I felt a kiss on the top of my head before Nicholas hopped over the backrest of the couch to join me in my laziness. “Whatcha watching, Imp?”
“Investigation Discovery, Fatal Vows.” There were only a handful of channels I watched, ESPN for sports, Comedy Central for South Park, True TV for Impractical Jokers, Oxygen for Snapped, and Investigation Discovery for anything that they aired. I spent a lot of my television time on Investigation Discovery, and what I have learned from this informational channel was that people were fucking crazy.
Oh, and to make sure that my husband’s life insurance policy was enough to cover his funeral and that’s it. Anything over fifty-grand would make me the prime suspect in the event my husband went missing or turned up dead. I wasn’t trying to go to prison if my future husband turned out to be or moron whose mistress ended up making off with his dismembered body-just saying.
“Uh, interesting choice in television programming.” Nicholas cradled himself in the crook of the couch, then dragged me over, so my back was resting on his chest. It was comfortable, cozy, and very, very domestic.
It was perfect.
“Do you have life insurance?”
There was a heartbeat of silence before he answered, “Uh, yeah.”
“Hmm. I figured. Most important people do.”
He lasted all about thirty seconds before he responded, “I’m no more important than anyone else, Imp.”
I snorted. “Pfft. I’ll bet you one of my paychecks that all those people who you’ve made rich would disagree.”
“This show giving you ideas, is it?” He encircled me in his arms and brought his right hand under my shirt-well, his shirt-and started stroking my stomach with his thumb.
“This show just fascinates me. People are fucking crazy, Nicholas,” I shared. You know, just in case he wasn’t already aware.
I felt the rumble in his chest as he laughed. “Well, right now, my beneficiaries have more than enough money themselves. I doubt they have any immediate plans to kill me to get their hands on my money.”
Knowing what I now knew about him, I wasn’t surprised to hear that Chase and Julian were his beneficiaries. “I have enough life insurance to cover my funeral costs, but I don’t need any more than that since I don’t own anything.”
Nicholas was quiet long enough to make me believe we were done with this conversation, but then he cleared his throat. “You do...uh, realize that once we’re married, you’re going to own quite a lot, right?”
I scrambled up out of his hold so abruptly that I fell on the floor. “Oomph.”
“Goddammit, Avery.” Nicholas jumped up off the couch and gathered me up in his arms and off the floor. “You have enough bumps and bruises, don’t you think?” I stood there in shocked silence as he ran his hands over my body to make sure I was okay. “Jesus, Avery, you need to be more careful.”
I could only blame this entire neurotic episode on all the stress of these past couple of days. “Jesus? Jesus?” He wisely took a step back. “You can’t just say shit like that, Nicholas.”
“Shit like what, Imp?”
“Like what? Are you kidding me?” I asked incredulously. “You can just throw the word ‘married’ around randomly and expect me not to fall off the couch.”
He mashed his lips together to either suppress a smile or in calculation of what to do next. “Actually, I was sort of under the impression that I could hold conversations with you without the threat of you throwing yourself off random furniture pieces. Uh…my mistake?”
I planted my hands on my hips. “Not funny, Nicholas. Not funny.”
And then the prick started laughing at me. “Oh, c’mon, Imp. You had to know that we’d be getting married at some point.”
I tried my best to Quinn-Stink-Eye him. “I had hoped that, one day, after an adequate amount of dating, we would take the natural steps of moving in together first, and then after an acceptable amount of living together and we were positive that we could cohabitate without murdering one another, then you’d propose, and then after an appropriate length of engagement, we’d finally marry.” I waved my hand in an in-the-future motion. “You know, way down the line.”
This jackass started laughing harder.
“I don’t need this,” I huffed. “You, Nicholas Savage, are a jerk, sir.” I turned away from him with some half-ass plan to flee his penthouse, but I didn’t even make it one step.
He grabbed my shoulders to prevent me from walking away from him. “Okay, Okay. I’m sorry for laughing, but, goddamn, you’re perfect.” Okay, maybe he wasn’t such a jerk after all. “Baby, there’s not going to be any adequate, acceptable, appropriate shit going down with this courtship. The second I walked you out of your apartment on Friday, you were never going to go back.” I opened my mouth to interrupt, but he shushed me. “The guys aren’t cleaning your apartment, Imp. They’re packing it up.”
My mouth dropped open. It couldn’t be helped. “Dude. You can’t just move me out of my apartment without discussing it with me first. Are you insane?”
It was amazing how gorgeous this man was, no matter his mood. Because, let me tell you, he went from laughter to seriousness in a millisecond. “There’s nothing to discuss. Over my dead body, will you go back to that shit for security building.”
“Then I’ll move. The company I work for pays me generously enough that I can find a more secured apartment building.” I caved to this easily because, deep down, I really didn’t want to go back there. Knowing Eric was in jail wasn’t enough to curb the anxiety I still felt over the attack.
“Avery, I plan on spending the rest of my life catering to your every madness, but I will not back down on this. All your shit will be packed and shipped here by the end of the week. I’ve already contacted your landlord, and since your two best friends are onboard with this, I really don’t see any way out of this for you.”
“Nich-”
“Shh, woman.” Okay, that kind of got me hot, so I let him continue. “Also, you’re on a two-week vacation starting tomorrow, so you can heal and unpack all your stuff and do whatever it is you women do that makes a house a home. As far as-oh, fuck it.”
He fled the living room and went into what I was pretty sure was his office because I really couldn’t see which room he was going towards. I stood there wondering if my neurosis was contagious because he was acting unbalanced.
He came back with a small jewelry box in his hand, and as God as my witness, plucked the single solitaire ring out of its cushion, tossed the box aside to land on the couch, then slipped it on my ring finger. “We can be engaged for however long you want as long as it doesn’t exceed a year. But you will be living here, and you will be engaged to me, and you will eventually marry me inside a fucking year. Period, Imp.”
I stood there spellbound and speechless.
When I was young and had fantasized about how my boyfriend would propose to me one day, I had to say, this scenario wasn’t even close to those memories.
I had always expected to be asked, not told.
And then a thought occurred to me. “What about work, Nich-”
“Fuck what anyone at work says. Julian is your immediate boss, Imp. As long as you don’t work directly for me, there’s nothing inappropriate about our relationship.”
I cocked my head at him. “Nothing?”
He gave me a smirk that, I swear to God, was designed to melt panties. “Well, except, maybe when I’m bending you over my desk during lunch.” The fucker winked at me.
I stepped to him and wrapped my arms around his waist. I had to crank my head back to be able to look at him, but my neck could suffer for the rest of my life if Nicholas’ face was always the sight before me. I spoke my one true fear. “You promise to love only me? You promise to want only me?” I couldn’t stop my eyes from glossing over. “When it’s been ten years, and my body has given you children, so it’s not youthful anymore, and when I choose to laze around the house in pajama pants instead of a nice, respectable outfit, are you positive you’re still going to only want me? If you-”
Nicholas grabbed my arms and removed them from his waist as he maneuvered me to sit on the couch, and then he did something I never thought I’d ever see this money-making genius do. He knelt down in front of me and the fact that we weren’t naked was what made this moment matter.
Nicholas was on his knees for me.
He took my face in his hands. “Avery, I know this thing between us may seem whirlwind to you, but I’m not a whirlwind kind of man. What I feel for you consumes every edge of my soul. I love you and I’m going to love you with my last dying breath.” I couldn’t stop the tears that were openly streaming down my face. “You don’t need to ever feel insecure when it comes to other women, Imp. I can’t see past you long enough to even notice other women. It’s you and it’ll only ever be you. Fake marrying you at Xavier’s was the best decision I ever made.” He kissed me softly before delivering his final conviction. “I would even go back to my childhood neighborhood and live with Donna as long as you were with me, Avery. I’ll always need you more than you’ll ever need me.”
I was a bawling mess by this point, and I threw myself at him, knocking him onto his back. He didn’t push me off, though. He held me on top of him as I cried and dribbled snot onto his chest. “Un wuv oo.”
I felt him let out a deep breath underneath me. “I love you, too, Imp. And when I’m on my deathbed, I will be able to say that I loved only once in my life, and that it was forever.”
We stayed like that on the floor for a while as the television played in the background. “So, about that life insurance…”
He laughed. “You don’t need it because everything I have is yours anyway.”
Now it was my turn to laugh. I found this wonderful man and I knew with unwavering certainty that I was going to be loved better than my mother ever was.
Nicholas was going to love me and only me.
Forever.
Epilogue
Avery~
It’s been a month since Nicholas moved me into his apartment and made me his fiancé, and it’s been a month since the night Eric attacked me. The only lasting effect of the beating was the faint scar that still ran down the left side of my face, and even though Nicholas had offered to pay for plastic surgery, I had refused.
It was hard to explain, but the same incident that scarred me was the same incident that made me a stronger, more confident person. I wasn’t ready to remove my reminder just yet.
Also, Eric had been sentenced to fifteen years in prison earlier this week. The district attorney had originally been going to go for the maximum sentence-mostly because Nicholas was wealthily unstable-but when the district attorney said Eric had been willing to accept a plea deal, I had given him permission to offer one. The sooner this was behind me, the sooner we could all move on. This situation had affected my friends as well, and I just wanted us all to move past it, especially Nicholas.
It was karaoke night at The Shack tonight, and our man, Flip, was here putting it down like the dedicated karaoke DJ extraordinaire that he was. We haven’t been back since the night the guys crashed our work get-together, so we were due for some karaoke domination.
“Hope you guys are ready for a night with no shame whatsoever,” I warned.
Quinn hooped and hollered. “They had the option to stay home.” She downed her shot. “I make no apologies for my lack of singing ability or my choice in songs.”
“Babe, with your looks and body, no one is going to be listening to a goddamn thing you’re singing anyways,” Chase assured her.
She flipped him off.
I couldn’t be happier, though. I was surrounded by the best group of people I could ever know, and the way we were all paired up was perfect. I knew my friends weren’t as cemented in their relationships as I was, but it was nice to fantasize about a perfect happily-ever-after for all of us.
I was contemplating which song would accompany my next five minutes of fame when Flip shocked the shit out of me with his karaoke announcement.
“And next up to our brave stage is Nick. Nick, come on up, bud.”
You know when you whip your head around so fast that you get that painful rush of heated blood shooting through your neck? Yeah, that was me as I was whipping my head around while I witnessed Nick walking up to the stage and grabbing the karaoke mic.
Isabella sprayed her beer all over her blouse. “Holy shit, Ace. Does that say Justin Bieber?”
It did.
It really did.
I sat there dumbfounded as Nicholas began singing As Long As You Love Me by Justin goddamn Bieber. If I thought I was in love with him before that was nothing compared to how I felt about him now. It took everything I had not to run up on that stage and maul him in front of the entire bar.
“Marry him, Ace,” Quinn instructed. “Marry that man tonight. What I wouldn’t do...hmm, hmm, hmm,” she added dreamily.
We sat there and listened to Nick sing, and when he was done, Q, Iz, and I jumped up out of our seats and clapped for him like the karaoke groupies that we were. He made his way back to our table, but instead of sitting in his seat, he sat down in mine, bringing me down to sit on his lap. “I love you, Imp.”
I was so caught up in this moment that I was sure I heard Flip wrong when he introduced Chase to the stage. “What the hell?” My head was doing a lot of whipping tonight.
“Quinn, babe, this is for you,” he announced as soon as he was on stage.
I looked over at Q, and if I didn’t know her so well, I would have said she was unaffected by Chase’s gesture, but I knew better.
Chase started singing One Of These Nights by The Eagles and the way he was looking at Quinn as he sang, I wouldn’t be surprised if she ended up pregnant tonight.
Damn, that man was sexy.
I knew it was a done deal when he finished singing and Quinn made no protest when he pulled her out of her chair and kissed her like he was going to do it for the rest of his life.
Turning away from Chase and Quinn, I narrowed my eyes on Julian. “You’re the only one left.”
He smirked at me. “Not happening, sweetie.”
Isabella smiled and quietly took a drink of her beer. She remained silent for a full thirty seconds before Julian started dropping every curse word in existence.
He stormed off in the direction of Flip and snatched the mic out of his hand so roughly that Flip paled a little. Julian was a formidable sight, but an annoyed Julian was intimidating as hell.
And because it wasn’t enough that he was big and strong, and because it wasn’t enough that he was mysteriously handsome, and because it wasn’t enough that the man had dimples, it turned out Julian could actually sing. He started crooning It Will Rain by Bruno Mars and I was positive I had just become pregnant.
Holy Mary, Mother of God.
We sat and listened in awe as he sang this sweet song to Isabella. Once he was finished there was a heartbeat of silence throughout the bar, and then the applause roared to life like a tidal wave. Julian had been amazing.
Isabella offered him a small smile when he plopped himself down next to her. He reached for a beer before he addressed her. “There’s only one other time I will ever do that again, Dove.”
“Oh, really? And when will that be?”
“Our wedding day.”
I melted, and then I held my beer up in a toast. “To our beginnings. I love you losers!”
And I did.

The End.
Acknowledgments
The first acknowledgment will always be my husband. There aren’t enough words to express my gratitude for having this man in my life. There is a little bit of him in every hero I dream up, and I can’t thank God enough for bringing him into my life. Thirty years, and still going strong!

Second, there’s my family; my daughter, my son, my grandchildren, my sister, and my mother. Family is everything, and I have one of the best. They are truly the best cheerleaders I could ever ask for, and I never forget just how truly blessed I am to have them in my life.

And, of course, there’s Kamala. This woman is not only my beta and idea guinea pig, but she’s also one of my closest friends. She’s been with me from the beginning of this journey, and we’re going to ride this thing to the end. Kam’s the encouragement that sparked it all, folks.

And, finally, I’d like to thank everyone who’s purchased, read, reviewed, shared, and supported me and my writing. Thank you so much for helping make this dream a reality and a happy, fun one at that! I cannot say thank you enough.
About the Author
M.E. Clayton works full-time and writes as a hobby. She is an avid reader and, with much self-doubt, but more positive feedback and encouragement from her friends and family, she took a chance at writing, and the Seven Deadly Sins Series was born. Writing is a hobby she is now very passionate about. When she’s not working, writing, or reading, she is spending time with her family or friends. If you care to learn more, you can read about her by visiting the following:


Smashwords Interview 


Bookbub Author Page 


Goodreads Author Page 
Other Books

The Seven Deadly Sins Series (In Order)
Catching Avery (Avery & Nicholas)
Chasing Quinn (Quinn & Chase)
Claiming Isabella (Isabella & Julian)
Conquering Kam (Kamala & Kane)
Capturing Happiness

The Enemy Duet (In Order)
In Enemy Territory (Fiona & Damien)
On Enemy Ground (Victoria & William)

The Enemy Series (In Order)
Facing the Enemy (Ramsey & Emerson)
Engaging the Enemy (Roselyn & Liam)
Battling the Enemy (Deke & Delaney)
Provoking the Enemy (Ava & Ace)
Loving the Enemy
Resurrecting the Enemy (Ramsey Jr. & Lake)

The Buchanan Brothers Series (In Order)
If You Could Only See (Mason & Shane)
If You Could Only Imagine (Aiden & Denise)
If You Could Only Feel (Gabriel & Justice)
If You Could Only Believe (Michael & Sophia)
If You Could Only Dream

The How To: Modern-Day Woman’s Guide Series (In Order)
How to Stay Out of Prison (Lyrical & Nixon)
How to Keep Your Job (Alice & Lincoln)
How to Maintain Your Sanity (Rena & Jackson)

The Holy Trinity Series (In Order)
The Holy Ghost (Phoenix & Francesca)
The Son (Ciro & Roberta)
The Father (Luca & Remy)
The Redemption (Nico & Mia)
The Vatican (Francisco Phoenix Benetti & Luca Saveria Fiore)

The Blackstone Prep Academy Duet (In Order)
Reflections (Grace & Styx)
Mirrors (London & Sterling)

The Eastwood Series (In Order)
Samson (Samson & Mackenzie)
Ford (Ford & Amelia)
Raiden (Raiden & Charlie)
Duke (Duke & Willow)
Alistair (Alistair & Rory)

The Problem Series (In Order)
The Problem with Fire (Sayer & Monroe)
The Problem with Sports (Nathan & Andrea)
The Problem with Dating (Gideon & Echo)

The Pieces Series (In Order)
Our Broken Pieces (Mystic & Gage)
Our Cracked Pieces (Rowan & Lorcan)
Our Shattered Pieces (Molly & Grayson)

The Holy Trinity Duet (In Order)
The Bishop (Leonardo & Sienna)
The Cardinal (Salvatore & Blake)



The Holy Trinity Next Generation Series (In Order)
Vincent & Cira (Vincent Fiore & Cira Benetti)
Salvatore Jr. & Camilla (Salvatore Benetti Jr. & Camilla Mancini)
Emilio & Bianca (Emilio Benetti & Bianca Mancini)
Angelo & Georgia (Angelo Benetti & Georgia Mancini)
Dante & Malia (Dante Fiore & Malia Benetti)
Mattia & Remo (Mattia Mancini & Remo Vitale)

The Rýkr Duet (In Order)
Avalon (Avalon & Griffin)
Neve (Neve & Easton)

Standalone
Unintentional
Purgatory, Inc.
My Big, Huge Mistake
An Unexpected Life
The Heavier the Chains…
Real Shadows
You Again
Merry Christmas to Me
Dealing with the Devil
